 there was blood , a river of it running . 
 there was pain , a sea he was floating in . 
 would it never end ? 
 a thousand cuts , burns , the taunting laughter telling him it would go on for all eternity . 
 he could not believe he was so helpless , could not believe his incredible power and strength had been drained from him , leaving him reduced to such a pitiful state . 
 he sent mental call after call out into the night ; none of his kind came to help him . 
 the agony continued , went on relentlessly . 
 where were they ? 
 his kin ? 
 his friends ? 
 why would n't they come to him and end this ? 
 had it been a conspiracy ? 
 had they deliberately left him to these butchers who wielded their knives and torches with such delight ? 
 it had been someone he knew who had betrayed him , but the memory was curiously fading , obscured by endless pain . 
 his tormentors had somehow managed to capture him , paralyze him so that he could feel yet not move , not even his vocal cords . 
 he was totally helpless , vulnerable to the puny humans tearing his body apart . 
 he heard their taunts , the endless questions , felt the rage in them when he refused to acknowledge their presence or the pain they inflicted on him . 
 he wanted death , welcomed it , and his eyes , cold as ice , never left their faces , never blinked , the eyes of a predator waiting , watching , promising retaliation . 
 it maddened them , but they refused to administer the finishing blow . 
 time no longer meant anything to him , his world had become so narrow , but at some point he felt another 's presence in his mind . 
 the touch was far off , female , young . 
 he had no idea how he had inadvertently connected with her , his mind melded to hers so that she was sharing his torment , every scorching burn , every cut of the knife , draining his blood , his life force from him . 
 he tried to remember who she might be . 
 she had to be close to him if she shared his mind . 
 she was as helpless as he was , enduring the pain with him , sharing his agony . 
 he tried to close himself off from her , the need to protect her paramount in him , yet he was far too weak to block his mental thoughts . 
 his pain poured out of him , a raging torrent , flowing straight to the female sharing his mind . 
 her anguish hit him like a powerful blow . 
 he was , after all , a carpathian male . 
 his first duty was to protect a woman above his own life at all times . 
 that he should falter so added to his despair and sense of failure . 
 he caught brief images of her in his mind , a small , fragile figure huddled in a ball of pain , trying desperately to hang on to her sanity . 
 she seemed a stranger to him , yet he saw her in color , something he had not seen in centuries . 
 he could n't send either of them to sleep to save both of them from this agony . 
 he could only catch fragments of her thoughts as she desperately tried to call out for help , tried to decipher what was happening to her . 
 droplets of blood began to seep from his pores . 
 red blood . 
 he clearly saw that his blood was red . 
 it meant something important , yet he was confused , unable to discern why it was significant and what it meant . 
 his mind was becoming hazy , as if a great veil were being drawn over his brain . 
 he could n't remember how they had managed to capture him . 
 he struggled to `` see '' the image of the one of his own kind who had betrayed him , but the picture would not return to his mind . 
 there was only pain . 
 terrible , endless pain . 
 he could not make a sound , even when his mind shattered into a million fragments and he could no longer remember what , or whom , he was struggling to protect . 
 shea o'halloran lay curled up on her bed , the lamp providing her just enough light to read her medical journal . 
 she covered page after page in mere seconds , committing the material to memory as she had done since she was a child . 
 now she was completing her residency , the youngest resident on record , and it was an exhausting ordeal . 
 she hurried to finish the text , wanting to get some rest while she could . 
 the pain hit her unexpectedly , slamming into her with such virulence that she was thrown off the bed , her body contorting with the force . 
 she tried to cry out , to crawl blindly toward the phone , but she could only writhe on the floor helplessly . 
 sweat beaded on her skin ; smears of crimson blood seeped through her pores . 
 the pain was like nothing she had ever experienced , as if someone were cutting her flesh with a knife , burning her , torturing her endlessly . 
 it went on and on hours , days , she did n't know . 
 no one came to help her , and they would n't ; she was alone , so private that she had no real friends . 
 at the end , when the pain ripped through her as if a hole the size of her fist had opened in her chest , she lost consciousness . 
 when he thought his tormentors were through with him , would end his suffering , give him death , he discovered what true hell really was . 
 gut-wrenching agony . 
 evil faces above him . 
 a sharpened stake poised over his heart . 
 a beat of time , a second . 
 it would end now . 
 it had to end . 
 he felt the thick wooden point drive into his flesh , tearing a huge hole through muscle and sinew . 
 the hammer fell hard on the end of the stake , driving it ever deeper . 
 the pain was beyond anything he had ever imagined . 
 the female sharing his mind lost consciousness , a mercy for both of them . 
 he continued to feel every blow , the huge peg separating his flesh , penetrating his insides while blood spurted like a geyser , further weakening him . 
 he felt his life force fading away , his strength so drained now that he was certain he would die . 
 he reached for death . 
 embraced death . 
 but it was n't to be . 
 he was a carpathian male , an immortal , one not so easily disposed of . 
 one whose will was strong and determined . 
 a will that fought death even when his body begged for an end to his suffering and existence . 
 his eyes found them , the two humans . 
 they were covered in his blood , red sprays across their clothes . 
 he gathered his strength , the last of it , and captured their gazes with his mesmerizing stare . 
 if he could just hold them long enough to turn their own evil back on them . 
 one cursed suddenly and jerked his companion away . 
 quickly , they covered his eyes with cloth , no longer able to stand the dark promise in the deep pits of suffering , afraid of his power , although he was so helpless before them . 
 they laughed as they chained him into the coffin and lifted it upright . 
 he heard himself scream with the pain , but the sound was only in his mind , echoing sharply , locked away , mocking him . 
 he forced himself to stop . 
 they could n't hear him , but it did n't matter to him . 
 he had a shred of dignity left . 
 self-respect . 
 they would not defeat him . 
 he was carpathian . 
 he heard the dirt hitting the wood as they buried him in the wall of the cellar . 
 each shovelful . 
 the darkness was complete . 
 the silence took him like a blow . 
 he was a creature of the night . 
 the dark was his home . 
 yet now , in his agony , it was his enemy . 
 there was only pain and silence . 
 always before , he was the one who chose whether to stay in the darkness , in the healing soil . 
 now he was a prisoner , locked away , with the soil just out of reach . 
 comfort should have been his , was near , yet always the wood of the coffin prevented his body from touching what would eventually have healed his wounds . 
 hunger began to invade his world of agony . 
 time passed , meant nothing . 
 only the terrible , relentless hunger that grew until it became his entire world . 
 agony . 
 hunger . 
 nothing else existed for him anymore . 
 he found , after some time , that he could put himself to sleep . 
 but the return of this gift meant nothing anymore . 
 he remembered nothing . 
 this was his life . 
 sleep . 
 wake only when an inquisitive creature strayed too close . 
 the rush of agony consuming him when his heart beat . 
 conserving as much strength as possible to try to draw food to him . 
 sources were few and far between . 
 even insects learned to avoid the place of darkness and the malevolent creature who dwelled there . 
 in the endless moments that inched past during his waking agony , he would whisper his name to himself . 
 jacques . 
 he had a name . 
 he was real . 
 he existed . 
 he lived in hell . 
 he lived in darkness . 
 the hours turned into months , then years . 
 he could no longer remember any other way of life , any other existence . 
 there was no hope , no peace , no way out . 
 there was no end . 
 only the darkness , the pain , the terrible hunger . 
 time continued to pass , meant nothing in his limited world . 
 his wrists were manacled so that he had little room to maneuver , but every time a creature came close enough to awaken him , he scratched at the walls of his coffin in a vain attempt to get out . 
 his strength of mind was returning so that he eventually could coax his prey to him , yet only enough to barely survive . 
 there was no way to regain his power and strength without replacing the huge volume of blood he had lost . 
 there was no creature underground big enough to do that . 
 every time he woke , moved , fresh blood would drip steadily from his wounds . 
 without the necessary amount of blood to replace his loss , his body could not heal itself . 
 the circle was endless , hideous , an ugly cycle that would last for all eternity . 
 then the dreams began to intrude . 
 waking him when he was starving , without a way to fill the void . 
 a woman . 
 he recognized her , knew she was out there , alive , no manacles , not buried beneath the earth but able to move freely around . 
 she was just out of his mind 's reach , yet he could almost touch her . 
 why did n't she come to him ? 
 he could summon up no face , no past , only the knowledge that she was out there somewhere . 
 he called to her . 
 begged . 
 pleaded . 
 raged . 
 where was she ? 
 why would n't she come to him ? 
 why did she allow his agony to continue when even her presence in his mind would ease the terrible sense of isolation ? 
 what had he done that was so terrible that he deserved this ? 
 anger found its way into his world . 
 hatred , even . 
 in the place of a man a monster grew , deadly , dangerous , grew and thrived on the pain , became a will impossible to crush . 
 fifty years , a hundred - what did it matter if he traveled to the very gates of hell for revenge ? 
 he already resided there , imprisoned in it every waking moment . 
 she would come to him . 
 he vowed it . 
 he would bend his will to finding her . 
 and once he found her he would become a shadow in her mind until he was familiar enough with her to force his will on her . 
 she would come to him , and he would have his revenge . 
 hunger gripped him each time he woke , so that pain and hunger melted together and became the same . 
 concentrating on finding the path to the woman , however , saved him some agony . 
 his focus was so complete that he could actually block the pain for a short while . 
 first it was only seconds . 
 then minutes . 
 each time he woke , he bent his will toward finding her ; there was nothing else to do . 
 months . 
 years . 
 it did n't matter to him . 
 she could not escape him forever . 
 the first time he touched her mind , it was such a shock after all the thousands of fruitless tries that he immediately lost contact . 
 and the rush of elation caused a bright red spray of blood to erupt around the stake buried deep within his body , draining his remaining strength . 
 he slept a long time in an attempt to recover . 
 a week perhaps . 
 a month . 
 there was no need to measure time . 
 he had a direction now , although she was far away from him . 
 the distance was so great , it took his full concentration to focus and reach for her across time and space . 
 jacques tried again when he woke . 
 this time he was unprepared for the images in her mind . 
 blood . 
 a small human chest ripped wide open . 
 a pulsating heart . 
 her hands were immersed inside the chest cavity , covered in blood . 
 there were others in the room with her , and she was directing their movements with her mind . 
 she seemed unaware that she was doing so . 
 her focus was completely on her horrendous task . 
 the ease with which she directed the others suggested that she did so often . 
 the vivid pictures were horrible , and he knew she had been part of the betrayal , was part of those torturing him . 
 he nearly lost the contact , but his indomitable will kicked in . 
 she would suffer for this . 
 really suffer for this . 
 the body she was torturing was so small , it had to be a child . 
 the operating room was dimly lit , just the way dr. o'halloran liked it ; only the body on the table had a bright light shining down on it . 
 her unusually acute hearing picked up voices outside the room : a nurse consoling the patient 's parents . 
 `` you 're lucky dr. o'halloran is working tonight . 
 she 's the best there is . 
 she has a gift . 
 really . 
 when there 's no chance at all , she still pulls them out . 
 your little boy could n't be in better hands . '' 
 `` but he looked so awful . '' 
 that was the terrified , already grieving mother . 
 `` dr. o'halloran has been known to work miracles . 
 truly . 
 have faith . 
 she just never stops until she saves them . 
 we think she wills them to live . '' 
 shea o'halloran could n't have any distractions right now , certainly not a nurse promising parents she could save this child with his chest crushed and his internal organs a jigsaw puzzle . 
 not when she had spent the last forty-eight hours solid doing research , and her body was screaming at her for sleep and nourishment . 
 she blocked out all noises , all voices , and focused completely on the task at hand . 
 she would not lose this little boy . 
 she would n't . 
 it was that simple to her . 
 she never gave herself any other choice , never allowed any other thought into her mind . 
 she had a good team , knew they worked well with her , meshing like a finely tuned machine . 
 she never had to look to see if they were reacting to what she wanted or needed ; they were always there for her . 
 if she was able to save her patients , where others could n't , it was n't by her efforts alone . 
 she bent closer to the little boy , pushing out everything but her desire for this child to live . 
 as she was reaching to take the instrument her nurse was handing her , something struck at her . 
 pain gripped her , consumed her , sweeping through her body like a terrible fire . 
 she had felt such agony only one other time , a couple of years earlier . 
 she had never managed to discover what had been wrong with her . 
 the pain had simply disappeared after nearly twenty-four hours . 
 now , with a child 's life hanging by a thread , depending upon her skills , she did not have the luxury of fainting . 
 agony gripped her , twisted her insides , and took the breath from her lungs . 
 shea struggled to control herself ; years of forcing her mind to remain under strict discipline stood her in good stead . 
 as she did with every other distraction , she forced the pain out of her mind , took a deep breath , and concentrated on the child . 
 the nurse closest to her regarded the doctor with complete shock . 
 in all the time she had worked with o'halloran , admiring her , almost idolizing her , she had never seen the surgeon lose her focus , not even for a second . 
 this time , shea had stood perfectly still - a few heartbeats , that was all - but the nurse could n't help noticing because it was so unusual . 
 her hands had trembled , and she had broken out in a sweat . 
 automatically the nurse reached up to wipe the moisture from the doctor 's forehead . 
 to her horror , the cloth came away stained with blood . 
 droplets were beading up , seeping through her pores . 
 the nurse wiped the surgeon 's forehead a second time , attempting to hide the cloth from the others . 
 she had never seen anything like it . 
 then shea was once more herself snapping instantly back to attention . 
 the nurse swallowed all her questions and returned to work , the images of what dr. o'halloran needed coming into her mind so fast , she had no time to think about the strange phenomenon anymore . 
 she had long ago become used to knowing what the doctor needed before she asked for it . 
 shea felt an unfamiliar presence in her mind , felt the dark malevolence beating at her for one more heartbeat before she closed it out , then her attention was completely taken up with the child and the shredded jumble that was his chest . 
 he would not die . 
 she would not allow it . 
 you hear me , child ? 
 i 'm here with you , and i will not let you die he silently vowed . 
 she meant it . 
 she always meant it . 
 it was as if part of her merged with her patients and somehow managed to keep them alive until modern medicine could kick in . 
 jacques slept for some time . 
 it did n't matter to him how long it had been . 
 hunger was waiting . 
 pain was waiting . 
 the treacherous heart and soul of a woman were waiting . 
 he had an eternity to gather what strength he could , and she could never escape him now that he knew the mental path to her mind . 
 he slept the sleep of immortals , his lungs and heart stopped as he lay in the earth , his body close to the soil it so desperately needed to aid healing , yet a thin layer of wood away . 
 when he awakened , he scratched at the walls of his coffin patiently . 
 he would reach the healing soil someday . 
 he had managed to make a small hole to coax his prey to him . 
 he could wait . 
 she would never escape him . 
 she was his single-minded purpose . 
 he haunted her . 
 day or night . 
 it did n't matter to him . 
 he no longer knew the difference when it had mattered so much before . 
 he lived to try to appease his ever-present hunger . 
 he lived for revenge . 
 for retribution . 
 he lived to make her life a living hell during his waking hours . 
 he became good at it . 
 taking possession of her mind for minutes at a time . 
 it was impossible to figure her out . 
 she was so complex . 
 there were things in her brain that made little sense to him , and the few moments he could stay awake without losing his precious remaining blood did not give him sufficient time to understand her . 
 there was the time she was frightened . 
 he could taste her fear . 
 feel her heart pounding so that his own matched the terrible rhythm . 
 still , her mind remained calm in the center of the storm , receiving quick , brilliant flashes of data she processed so quickly that he nearly missed them . 
 two strangers were hunting her . 
 taunting her . 
 he also saw an image of himself , his thick hair hanging in strands around his ravaged face , his body savaged by brutal hands . 
 he clearly saw the stake driven deep within his tissue and sinews . 
 it flashed for a moment in her mind , there was the impression of grief , and then he lost contact . 
 shea would never forget their faces , their eyes , and the smell of their sweat . 
 one of them , the taller of the two , could n't take his eyes from her . 
 `` who are you ? 
 `` she stared at them , wide-eyed , innocent , totally harmless . 
 shea knew she looked young and helpless , too small to give them trouble . 
 `` jeff smith , `` the tall one said gruffly . 
 his eyes devoured her . 
 `` this is my partner , don wallace . 
 we need you to come with us and answer a few questions . '' 
 `` am i wanted for something ? 
 i 'm a doctor , gentlemen . 
 i ca n't just pick up and go , i 'm due in surgery in an hour . 
 perhaps you could arrange to ask your questions when my shift is over . '' 
 wallace grinned at her . 
 he thought he looked charming . 
 shea thought he looked like a shark `` we ca n't do that , doc . 
 it is n't only our questions , there 's an entire committee looking to talk with you . 
 `` he laughed softly , a film of perspiration on his forehead . 
 he enjoyed inflicting pain , and shea was altogether too cool , too haughty . 
 shea made certain her desk was solidly between her and the men . 
 taking great care to move slowly and appear unconcerned , she glanced down at her computer , typed in the command to destroy her data , and hit the enter key . 
 then she picked up her mother 's diary , and slipped it into her purse . 
 she accomplished everything easily , naturally . 
 `` are you certain you have the right person ? '' 
 `` shea o'halloran , your mother was margaret ` maggie ' o'halloran from ireland ? '' 
 jeff smith recited . 
 `` you were born in romania , your father is unknown ? '' 
 there was a taunting note in his voice . 
 she turned the full power of her emerald eyes on the man , watched coolly as he squirmed uneasily , as he became consumed with desire for her . 
 smith was far more susceptible than his partner was . 
 `` is that supposed to upset me , mr. smith ? 
 i am who i am . 
 my father has nothing to do with it . '' 
 `` no ? 
 `` wallace stepped closer to the desk `` do n't you need blood ? 
 crave it ? 
 do n't you drink it ? 
 `` his eyes glowed with hatred . 
 shea burst out laughing . 
 her laughter was soft , sexy , a melody to listen to forever . 
 `` drink blood ? 
 is this some kind of joke ? 
 i do n't have time for this nonsense . '' 
 smith licked his lips . 
 `` you do n't drink blood ? '' 
 his voice held a hopeful note . 
 wallace looked at him sharply . 
 `` do n't look into her eyes , `` he snarled . 
 `` you should know that by now . '' 
 shea 's eyebrows shot up . 
 she laughed again softly , inviting smith to join her . 
 `` i occasionally require a transfusion . 
 it is n't uncommon . 
 have n't you ever heard of hemophilia ? 
 gentlemen , you are wasting my time . 
 `` her voice dropped even lower , a soft seduction of musical notes . 
 `` you really should leave . '' 
 smith scratched his head . 
 `` maybe we 've got the wrong woman . 
 look at her . 
 she 's a doctor . 
 she 's nothing like the others . 
 they 're tall and strong and have dark hair . 
 she 's delicate , petite , a redhead . 
 and she goes out in the sunlight . '' 
 `` shut up , '' wallace snapped . 
 `` she 's one of them . 
 we should have gagged her . 
 she 's turning you with her voice . 
 `` his eyes slid over her , making her flesh crawl . 
 `` she 'll talk `` he grinned evilly . 
 `` now i 've scared you . 
 it 's about time . 
 you 'll cooperate , 0 ` halloran , the hard way or the easy way . 
 actually , i prefer the hard way . '' 
 `` i 'll bet you do . 
 just what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` proof that you 're a vampire . '' 
 wallace hissed . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding . 
 vampires do n't exist . 
 there 's no such thing , '' she goaded , needing information and willing to acquire it from any source , even if it meant prompting men as sick as these two . 
 `` no ? 
 i 've met several . '' 
 wallace grinned his evil grin again . 
 `` perhaps a friend or two of yours . '' 
 he threw several photographs onto the desk , his eyes daring her to look at them . 
 his excitement was palpable . 
 keeping her face blank , shea picked up the pictures . 
 her stomach lurched , bile rose , but her training did n't let her down . 
 the photographs were numbered , eight of them in all . 
 each of the victims was blindfolded , gagged , manacled , all in various stages of torment . 
 don wallace was a butcher . 
 she touched a fingertip to the one tagged with a number two , experiencing a sudden , unexpected wrench . 
 a boy no more than eighteen . 
 quickly , before tears could well up , she flipped through the rest of the photographs . 
 number seven was a man with a mane of jet-black hair the man haunting her dreams ! 
 there was no denying it . 
 no mistake . 
 she knew every angle and plane of his face the well-cut mouth , the dark , expressive eyes , the long hair . 
 anguish welled up . 
 for a moment she felt his pain , a sharp agony of mind and body driving out all sane thoughts until there was only room for pain , hatred , and hunger . 
 she brushed the pad of her thumb over the tormented face lightly , almost lovingly . 
 a caress . 
 the pain and hatred only grew stronger . 
 hunger became all consuming . 
 the emotions were so strong , so alien to her nature , she had a strange feeling that something or someone was sharing her mind . 
 disoriented for a moment , shea dropped the photos onto the desk . 
 `` it was you two in europe a few years back , the ` vampire ' killings , was n't it ? 
 you murdered all those innocent people . '' 
 shea made the accusation calmly . 
 don wallace did n't deny it . 
 `` and now i 've got you . '' 
 `` if vampires are such powerful creatures , how did you manage to kill so many of them ? '' 
 sarcasm dripped deliberately to egg him on . 
 `` their males are very competitive . '' 
 wallace laughed harshly . 
 `` they do n't like one another . 
 they need women , and they do n't like to share . 
 they turn on each other , place someone into our hands . 
 still , they are strong . 
 no matter how they suffer , they never talk . 
 which in some ways is fine , since they can mesmerize with their voices . 
 but you 'll talk , doc . 
 i 'll have all the time in the world with you . 
 did you know when a vampire 's in agony , it sweats blood ? '' 
 `` surely i would know that if i were a vampire . 
 i 've never sweated blood in my life . 
 let 's see if i have this straight . 
 vampires stalk not only humans but also each other . 
 the males betray one another to you human butchers because they need females . 
 i thought they could just bite women and turn them into vampires . '' 
 sarcastically she was ticking off each item on her fingers . 
 `` you want me to believe i 'm one of these fictitious creatures , so powerful that my voice alone can enslave this strong man here . '' 
 deliberately she gestured toward jeff smith , flashing him a gentle smile . 
 `` gentlemen , i 'm a doctor . 
 i save lives every day . 
 i sleep in a bed , not in a coffin . 
 i am not the least bit strong , and i have never sucked anyone 's blood in my life . '' 
 she glanced at don wallace . 
 `` you , however , admittedly have tortured and mutilated men , even murdered them . 
 and evidently you derive great pleasure from this . 
 i do n't believe you two are cops , or officials of any law-abiding agency . 
 i think you are the monsters . '' 
 she turned her emerald eyes back to jeff smith , her voice low , seductive . 
 `` do you really think i 'm a danger to you ? '' 
 he seemed to be falling forward into her beckoning gaze . 
 he had never wanted a woman more . 
 he blinked , cleared his throat , and stole a slow , calculating look at wallace . 
 smith had never noticed that greedy , cold look on his partner 's face before . 
 `` no , no , of course you 're not a danger to me or anyone else . '' 
 `` damn it , jeff , let 's get her and get the hell out of here , '' wallace snarled , the need to teach her who was in charge riding him hard . 
 emerald eyes slid over smith , fastened on his mesmerized gaze . 
 she could feel his desire , and she fed it , fed his fantasies of her welcoming his attentions . 
 she had learned at a very young age that she could get into people 's minds , manipulate their thoughts . 
 initially it had terrified her to wield that kind of power , but it was a useful tool in the o.k. , and it was useful now , when she was threatened . 
 `` don , why do n't they just turn human women ? 
 that would make sense . 
 and why did the vampire just quit helping us ? 
 we left the area in a big hurry , and you never did tell me what went wrong , '' smith said suspiciously . 
 `` are you trying to say one of these male vampires actually helped you in your campaign to kill others and that 's how you were so successful ? '' 
 shea asked , a little sneer of disbelief in her voice . 
 `` he was nasty , vengeful . 
 he hated the kid , but he particularly despised this one here . '' 
 smith tapped the photograph of the man with the long black hair . 
 `` he wanted him tortured , burned , to feel it . '' 
 `` shut up , '' wallace snapped . 
 `` let 's get it over . 
 she 's worth a hundred thousand dollars to the society . 
 they want to study her . '' 
 shea laughed softly . 
 `` if i truly was one of your mythical vampires , i should be worth far more than that to your ` research ' committee . 
 i think your partner is holding out on you , mr. smith . '' 
 the truth was there to read on wallace 's face . 
 when smith turned to confront him , shea made her move : she leapt out the window , landed on her feet like a cat , and ran for her life . 
 she had no personal items she was concerned about , no favorite memento . 
 her one regret was the loss of her books . 
 when he felt her fear , jacques experienced the need to protect her . 
 the urge was as strong as his desire to revenge himself . 
 whatever he had done , and he was the first to admit he could n't remember , he could n't possibly deserve such a horrendous punishment . 
 once again sleep overtook him , but it was the first time in months he had not filled her body with his pain or possessed her mind for a few seconds , ensuring that she felt his dark anger and promise of retribution . 
 this time he had n't punished her . 
 only he had the right to put fear into her mind , into her fragile , trembling body . 
 she had looked upon his image with a mixture of puzzlement and regret . 
 did she think he was dead and it was his damned soul haunting her ? 
 what went on in the head of a treacherous woman ? 
 time continued endlessly . 
 wake when a creature strayed near . 
 scratch and claw at the decaying wood . 
 eventually the cloth over his eyes rotted until it fell away from him . 
 he had no idea how long he had been there . 
 it made no difference to him . 
 dark was dark . 
 isolation , isolation . 
 his only companion was the woman in his mind . 
 the woman who had betrayed him , forsaken him . 
 at times he called to her , ordered her to come to him . 
 threatened her . 
 pleaded . 
 perverse as it was , he needed her . 
 he was already deranged ; he accepted that . 
 but this total isolation was making him completely mad . 
 without her touch , he would be lost to the world , not even his will keeping him going . 
 and he had a need to live : retribution . 
 he needed her as much as he loathed and despised her . 
 as twisted as their relationship was , he needed the moments of companionship . 
 she was physically closer to him now , not an ocean away . 
 she had been so far away from him , he could barely make it across the distance . 
 but now she was much closer . 
 he renewed his efforts , calling her at all hours , striving to keep her from sleep . 
 when he could manage to get past the pain and hunger and simply remain quiet , a shadow in her mind , she intrigued him . 
 she was obviously intelligent , brilliant even . 
 her method of thinking was like that of a machine , processing information at incredible speed . 
 she seemed to be able to push aside all emotion ; perhaps she was n't capable of feeling emotion . 
 he found himself admiring her brain , her thinking patterns , the way she focused wholly on her work . 
 she was researching a disease , seemed obsessed with finding a cure . 
 perhaps that was why he often found her in the dimly lit room , covered in blood , her hands buried deep within a body . 
 she was conducting experiments . 
 it did n't excuse the abomination of what she was , but he could admire her single-minded purpose . 
 she was able to put aside her need for sleep , for sustenance , for long periods . 
 he felt her need , but she concentrated so wholly on what she was doing , she did n't seem to recognize her body 's cries for normal care . 
 there seemed to be no laughter in her life , no real closeness to anyone . 
 that was odd to him . 
 jacques was unsure when that began to bother him , but he found it did . 
 she had no one . 
 she concentrated only on what she was doing . 
 of course , he would not have tolerated another male 's presence in her life ; he would have sought to destroy any other that came near her . 
 he told himself it was because whatever male came near her must be in on the conspiracy to make him suffer . 
 he often resented wanting to talk to her , but she had an interesting mind . 
 and she was everything to him . 
 his savior . 
 his tormentor . 
 without her presence , without touching her mind , he would have been completely insane , and he knew it . 
 she unwittingly shared her strange life with him , gave him something to concentrate on , a companionship of sorts . 
 in a way it was ironic . 
 she thought him locked underground . 
 she thought herself safe from his vengeance . 
 but she had created the monster , and now she was keeping him going , his strength growing with his every touch to her mind . 
 he found her again a month later , perhaps a year later , he did n't know , did n't care . 
 her heart was pounding in fear . 
 so was his . 
 perhaps the overwhelming intensity of her emotion woke him . 
 the pain was excruciating , the hunger engulfing him , yet his heartbeat was frantically matching hers , and he could not find enough lung power to breathe . 
 she feared for her life . 
 someone was hunting her . 
 perhaps the others who had helped betray him had now turned on her . 
 he gathered himself , waited , blocking out pain and hunger as he had learned over the years to do . 
 no one would harm her . 
 she belonged to him . 
 only he could decide whether she lived or died , no one else . 
 if he could manage to `` see '' the enemy through her eyes , he could destroy them . 
 he felt his power swelling in him , his rage so intense , so potent at the idea that someone might take her from him that it astonished him . 
 the picture was clear . 
 she was in a shelter of some kind , clothing and furniture overturned all around her as if there had been a fight or someone had searched her belongings . 
 she was running through the rooms , grabbing a few things along the way . 
 he caught glimpses of wild red hair , silky soft , vibrant . 
 he wanted to touch that hair . 
 to sink his fingers into its thickness . 
 to wrap it around her neck and strangle her with it . 
 to bury his face in it . 
 then the image was gone , his strength drained , and he slumped impotently in his prison , unable to reach her , to help her , to see that she was safe . 
 that added to his torment of agony and hunger . 
 that added to the debt she already owed him . 
 he remained quiet and slowed his heart until it barely beat , only enough to allow him to think , to gather himself for one last try . 
 if she survived , he was going to bring her to him . 
 he would not allow any more attempts on her life . 
 if she lived or died , it was to be his decision alone . 
 come to me , come here to me . 
 the carpathian mountains . 
 the remote , wild regions where you should be , where your home is , your people are . 
 come to me . 
 he sent the call , filled her mind with the compulsion . 
 it was strong . 
 the strongest he had been able to accomplish . 
 it was done . 
 it was all he could do without further endangering his own life . 
 so close to his goal , he would not take any foolish risks . 
 they had found her again . 
 and again shea o'halloran ran for her life . 
 she had been more careful this time , now that she was aware she was being hunted . 
 she had plenty of cash hidden in various locations ; her truck , a four-wheel drive , had a camper shell , so she could live in it if necessary . 
 she kept essentials | packed so all she had to do was grab a bag and run . 
 where this i time ? 
 where could she go to lose them ? 
 she was driving fast , | racing from those who would dissect her like an insect , those who looked upon her as something less than human . 
 she knew she had little time to live . 
 her strength was already wearing down . 
 the terrible disease was taking its toll , and she was no closer to finding a cure than when she 'd started . 
 she had most likely inherited the illness from her father . 
 the father she had never met , never knew , the father who had abandoned her mother before shea was even born . 
 she had read her mother 's diary so many times . 
 the father who had stolen her mother 's love , her very life , so that she was a mere shadow , not a real person anymore . 
 the father who did n't care in the least for her mother or herself . 
 she was already driving in the general direction of the carpathian mountains , her father 's birthplace . 
 the land of superstition and myth . 
 the rare blood disorder she suffered from could very well have originated there . 
 suddenly she was excited , focusing her mind completely on the data so that she pushed aside fear . 
 this had to be the origin . 
 so many vampire myths had begun there . 
 she easily recalled every detail of every story she had ever read or heard . 
 she could be on the right trail at last . 
 the evidence had been in her mother 's diary all along . 
 shea was disgusted with herself for not recognizing it sooner . 
 she had developed such an aversion to the idea of her father or any of his family , she had n't stopped to consider tracking her own roots to find the answers she was seeking . 
 her mother 's diary . 
 she knew every tragic entry by heart . 
 i met him tonight . 
 the moment i saw him i knew he was the one . 
 tall , handsome , with mesmerizing eyes . 
 his voice is the most beautiful thing i have ever heard . 
 he feels the same way about me . 
 i know he does . 
 it is wrong , of course - he is a married man - but there is no way out for us . 
 we can not be apart . 
 rand . 
 that is his name - foreign , like him , like his accent . 
 the carpathian mountains are his home . 
 how could i have ever existed without him ? 
 his wife , noelle , gave birth two months ago to a boy . 
 i know he was bitterly disappointed . 
 for some reason , it is important he have a female child . 
 he is with me all the time , even though i am often alone . 
 he is in my mind , talking to me , whispering how much he loves me . 
 he has a strange blood disorder and can not go out into the sun . 
 he has such strange habits . 
 when we make love , and you ca n't imagine how glorious it is , he is in my mind as well as my heart and body . 
 he says it is because i am psychic and so is he , but i know it is more . 
 it has something to do with his need to drink my blood . 
 there . 
 i wrote it where i could not say it aloud . 
 it sounds awful , terrible , but it is so erotic , the feel of his mouth on me , my blood in his body . 
 how i love him . 
 there is rarely a mark unless he wishes to brand me as his . 
 his tongue heals wounds quickly . 
 i have seen it , like a miracle . 
 he is a miracle . 
 his wife , noelle , knows of me . 
 he has told me she will not allow him to leave her , that she is dangerous . 
 i know this is true because she threatened me , threatened to kill me . 
 i was so afraid . 
 her eyes glowed red , and her teeth gleamed at me like an animal 's , but rand arrived before she could hurt me . 
 he was furious , so protective of me . 
 i know that he tells the truth when he says he loves me ; i could tell by the way he spoke to her , commanding her to leave . 
 how she hates me ! 
 i am so happy ! 
 i am pregnant . 
 he does n't know yet . 
 i have n't seen him in two nights , but i 'm certain he would never leave me . 
 his wife must be protesting his leaving her . 
 i hope the child is female . 
 i know he wants a daughter desperately . 
 i will give him the one thing he has always wished for , and noelle will be in his past . 
 i know i should feel guilt , but i can not when it is obvious to both of us that he belongs with me . 
 where is he ? 
 why does n't he come to me when i need him so desperately ? 
 why has he gone from my mind ? 
 shea cries constantly . 
 the doctors are excited over her strange blood results . 
 she needs transfusions daily . 
 god , i hate her ; she keeps me tied to this empty world . 
 i know he is dead . 
 the day noelle came to see me , he returned alone for a few wonderful hours . 
 he told me he was going to leave her . 
 i believe he tried . 
 he simply vanished , out of my mind , out of my life . 
 my parents thought he left me because i was pregnant , that he used me , but i know he is dead . 
 i felt his terrible agony , his grief . 
 he would come to me if he could . 
 and he never knew of the child . 
 i would have joined him , but i had to give his daughter life . 
 if his wife murdered him , and i am certain she is capable , he will live on through me , through our child . 
 i have brought her to ireland . 
 my parents are dead , and i have inherited their properties . 
 i would have given her to them , but it 's too late now . 
 i can not join him . 
 i ca n't possibly leave her when so many ask questions about her . 
 i 'm afraid they will try to kill her . 
 she is like him . 
 the sun burns her easily . 
 she needs blood as he did . 
 the doctors whispered so much about her and stared at me in such a way , i was afraid . 
 i knew i had to disappear with her . 
 i wo n't allow anyone to harm your daughter , rand . 
 god help me , i can not feel anything . 
 i am dead inside without you . 
 where are you ? 
 did noelle murder you as she swore she would ? 
 how can i live without you ? 
 only your daughter keeps me from joining you . 
 soon , my darling , very soon i will be with you . 
 shea let her breath out slowly . 
 of course . 
 it was there in front of her . 
 she needs blood as he did . 
 she had inherited the blood disorder from her father . 
 her mother had written that rand actually took her blood when they were making love . 
 how many people had been persecuted and had a stake driven through their heart just because no one had found the cure for their terrible disease ? 
 she knew what it was like to suffer such a thing , to loathe oneself and fear discovery . 
 she had to find the cure ; even if it was too late for her , she had to find the cure . 
 jacques slept for a long time , determined to renew his strength . 
 he woke only to feed briefly , to assure himself that she was alive and nearby . 
 he contained his elation so that he would lose no more blood . 
 he needed his strength now . 
 she was so close , he could feel her . 
 she was within a few miles of him . 
 twice he `` saw '' her cabin through her eyes . 
 she was fixing it up , doing the things women did to make a rundown shelter a home . 
 later , jacques began to awaken at regular intervals , testing his strength , drawing animals to him to give him much-needed blood . 
 he haunted her dreams , called her continually , kept her awake when her body desperately needed sleep . 
 she was already fragile , half-starved , weak from lack of feeding . 
 she worked day and night , her mind filled with problems and solutions . 
 he ignored all that to keep at her so that she would be so tired , he could easily hold her under compulsion to do his bidding . 
 he was patient . 
 he had learned patience . 
 he knew he was closing in on her . 
 he had time now . 
 there was no need to hurry this . 
 he could afford to grow in strength . 
 from his dark grave he stalked her , every touch of his mind to hers making the connection between them that much stronger . 
 he had no real idea of what he was going to do to her once she was in his hands . 
 he would n't kill her right away ; he had spent so long in her mind , it sometimes seemed as if they were one . 
 but she would surely suffer . 
 once again he sent himself to sleep to conserve the remaining blood in his veins . 
 she was asleep at her computer , her head resting on a stack of papers . 
 even in her sleep , her mind was active . 
 jacques had learned many details about her . 
 she had a photographic memory . 
 he learned things from her mind that he had either forgotten or perhaps had never known . 
 he often spent time studying before he subjected her to his harassment . 
 she was a source of knowledge for him , knowledge of the outside world . 
 she was always alone . 
 even the flashes of long-ago memories he caught were of a small child isolated from others . 
 he felt as if he knew her intimately , yet he really knew nothing personal about her . 
 her mind was filled with formulas and data , with instruments and chemistry . 
 she never thought about her appearance or anything he would expect a woman to think about . 
 only her work . 
 anything else was quickly banished . 
 jacques focused and aimed . 
 you will come to me now . 
 you will not allow anything to stop you . 
 awaken , and come to me while j am resting and waiting . 
 he used every ounce of strength he possessed to embed the compulsion deep within her . 
 he had forced her several times over the last two months or so to walk toward him , to be drawn through the darkened forest in the vicinity of his prison . 
 each time she had come his way as he had bidden her , but her need to complete her work had been so strong in her , she had eventually turned back . 
 this time he was certain he had enough strength to force her compliance . 
 she felt his presence within her , recognized his touch , but she had no real idea that they were linked . 
 she thought of him as a dream - or rather , a nightmare . 
 jacques smiled at that . 
 but there was no amusement in the white flash of his teeth , only the promise of savagery , the promise of a predator stalking its prey . 
 shea jerked awake , blinked to bring the room into focus . 
 her work was scattered everywhere , the computer on , the documents she had been studying a bit crumpled where her head had rested on them . 
 the dream again . 
 would it never stop , leave her in peace ? 
 she was familiar with the man in the dream now , his thick mane of jet-black hair and the touch of cruelty around his sensuous mouth . 
 in the first few years she had been unable to see his eyes in that nightmare dream , as if perhaps they were covered , but the last couple of years he had stared at her with black menace . 
 shea shoved at her hair , felt the little beads of perspiration gathered on her forehead . 
 for a moment she experienced the strange disorientation she always did after the dream , as if something held her mind for just a heartbeat of time , then slowly , with great reluctance , released her . 
 shea knew she was being hunted . 
 where the dream was not reality , the fact that someone was stalking her was true . 
 she could never lose sight of that , never forget . 
 she would never be safe again , not unless she found a cure for herself and the handful of others who shared the same rare disease . 
 she was being hunted as if she were an animal with no emotions or intelligence . 
 it did n't matter to the hunters that she spoke six languages fluently , that she was a skilled surgeon , that she had saved countless lives . 
 the words on the paper in front of her blurred , ran together . 
 how long had it been since she had really slept ? 
 she sighed , swept a hand through her thick , waist-length , silky red hair , shoving it away from her face . 
 she pulled it back rather haphazardly and , as always , secured it with whatever happened to be handy . 
 she began to review the symptoms of her strange blood disease . 
 to catalog herself . 
 she was small and very delicate , frail almost . 
 she looked young , like a teenager , aging at a much slower rate than a normal human . 
 her eyes were enormous , vividly green . 
 her voice was soft , velvety , often called mesmerizing . 
 when she lectured , most of the students were so enthralled by her voice , they remembered every word she spoke . 
 her senses were far superior to others of the human race , her hearing and sense of smell extremely acute . 
 she saw colors more vividly , registered details most humans missed . 
 she could communicate with animals , jump higher and run faster than many trained athletes . 
 she had learned at an early age to hide her talents . 
 she stood up , stretched . 
 she was dying slowly . 
 every minute that ticked by was a heartbeat less in the time she had to find the cure . 
 somewhere in all these boxes and reams of paper , there had to be a solution . 
 even if she found the answer too late for herself , she could prevent those like her from the terrible isolation she had felt all her life . 
 she might age slowly and have exceptional abilities , but she paid a high price for them . 
 the sun burned her skin . 
 although she could see clearly on the darkest night , her eyes had a hard time in the light of day . 
 her body rejected most foods , and worst of all , she had to have blood every day . 
 any blood . 
 there was no blood incompatible with hers . 
 animal blood kept her alive - barely . 
 she desperately needed human blood , and only when she was close to collapse did she allow herself to use it , and then only by transfusion . 
 unfortunately , her particular disease seemed to require oral transfusions . 
 shea flung open the door , inhaled the night , listened to the breeze whispering of fox and marmots , of rabbits and deer . 
 the cry of an owl missing its prey and the squeak of a bat sent blood rushing through her veins . 
 she belonged here . 
 for the first time in her lonely existence , she felt a semblance of peace . 
 shea wandered outside to her porch . 
 her snug blue jeans and hiking boots were fine , but her thin t-shirt would not stave off the cold of the mountains . 
 snagging her sweatshirt and hiking bag , shea hurried out to the beckoning land . 
 if only she had known of this place earlier . 
 she had wasted so much time . 
 just a month ago she had discovered the healing properties in the soil here . 
 she had already known of the healing agent in her saliva . 
 shea had planted a garden , vegetable and herb . 
 she loved working in the soil . 
 quite by accident she had cut herself , a rather deep and nasty gash . 
 the earth seemed to ease the pain , and the cut was nearly closed by the time she finished working . 
 she began to wander aimlessly along the trail , wishing her mother could have experienced this place of peace . 
 poor maggie . 
 young . 
 irish . 
 on vacation for the first time in her life , she had met a dark , brooding stranger , one who had used her and discarded her . 
 shea shook her head , tears welling up ; she refused to shed them . 
 her mother had made her choice . 
 one man . 
 he had become her life to the exclusion of everything else . 
 to the exclusion of her own flesh and blood , her daughter . 
 shea had not been worth the effort of trying , of living . 
 only rand . 
 a man who had deserted her without thought , without warning . 
 a man who had passed on a disease so vile , his daughter had to hide it from the rest of the world . 
 and maggie had known . 
 yet maggie had n't bothered to research it or even to ask questions of rand to find out just what her daughter would be facing . 
 shea stooped to grasp a handful of soil , then let it trail through her fingers . 
 had noelle , the woman her mother had named as his wife , been as obsessed with rand as maggie had ? 
 it sounded very much as if she had . 
 shea had no intentions of ever taking a chance that she shared her mother 's failings . 
 she would never need a man so much that she would neglect a child and eventually kill herself . 
 her mother 's death had been a senseless tragedy , and she had abandoned shea to a cold , cruel life without love or guidance . 
 maggie had known her daughter needed blood ; it was all there in the diary , every damning word . 
 shea 's fist clenched until her knuckles turned white . 
 maggie knew rand 's saliva carried a healing agent . 
 she had known that , yet she had left it to her daughter to find out on her own . 
 shea had healed herself countless times as a child while her mother stared dully out a window , half-alive , never once hearing a toddler 's cries of pain when she fell learning to walk and run , learning everything alone . 
 she had discovered the ability to heal small cuts and bruises with her tongue . 
 it had taken a while before she realized she was unique in such a thing . 
 maggie had been an emotionless robot , caring for the barest minimum of shea 's physical needs and none of her emotional ones . 
 maggie had killed herself the day shea turned eighteen . 
 a low sound of sorrow escaped shea 's throat . 
 it had been terrible enough to know she had to have blood to exist , but to grow up knowing her mother could n't love her had been devastating . 
 seven years ago , a kind of madness had swept europe . 
 it had seemed so laughable at first . 
 for eons uneducated , superstitious people had whispered of the existence of vampires in this region her father had come from . 
 it now seemed probable that a blood disorder , perhaps originating here in the carpathian mountains , had been the basis of the vampire legends . 
 if the disease was indigenous only to this region , was n't it possible that those persecuted down through the ages had suffered from this condition shea 's father and she shared ? 
 shea 's excitement had set in at the prospect of studying others like herself . 
 then the modern-day `` vampire '' killings had swept through europe like a plague . 
 men mostly , murdered in ritual vampire style , stakes through the heart . 
 it was sickening , repugnant , frightening . 
 respected scientists had begun to discuss the possibility of vampires being real . 
 committees had been formed to study - and eliminate - them . 
 evidence from some earlier source , combined with samples of a female child 's blood - hers , shea was certain - had raised further questions . 
 shea had been terrified , certain those murdering in europe might try to find her . 
 and now , indeed , they were attempting to track her down . 
 she had had to abandon her country and her career there to pursue her own line of research . 
 how could anyone in these educated times believe in such nonsense as vampires ? 
 she identified with those murdered people , certain she shared the same blood disorder . 
 she was a doctor , a researcher , yet up until now she had failed all its victims , fearful of the discovery of what she thought of as her loathsome little secret . 
 it angered her . 
 she was gifted , brilliant even ; she should have unlocked the secrets of this thing long ago . 
 how many others had died because she had n't been aggressive enough in her search for data ? 
 her guilt and fear now fed her wild , exhaustive sessions of study . 
 she accumulated everything she could find on the area , the people , and the legends . 
 rumors , supposed evidence , old translations , and the latest newspaper articles . 
 she rarely ate , rarely remembered to give herself transfusions , rarely slept , always searching for that one piece of the puzzle that would give her a trail to follow . 
 she studied her blood endlessly , her saliva , her blood after animal intake , after human transfusions . 
 shea had reluctantly burned her mother 's diary ; she would never forget a single word , but she still felt the loss of it deeply . 
 her bank account , however , was substantial . 
 she had inherited funds from her mother , and she had made good money in her profession . 
 she even owned property in ireland that rented out for a sizable amount . 
 she lived frugally and invested wisely . 
 it had been easy enough to move her money to switzerland and lay a few false trails through the continent . 
 from the moment she had entered the range of the carpathian mountains , shea felt different . 
 more alive . 
 more at peace . 
 the unrest , the sense of urgency in her grew , but she felt as if she had a home for the first time in her life . 
 the plants , the trees , the wildlife , the very earth itself felt a part of her . 
 as if somehow she was related to them . 
 she loved breathing the air , wading in the water , touching the soil . 
 shea caught the scent of a rabbit , and her body stilled . 
 she could hear its heartbeat , feel its fear . 
 the animal sensed danger , a predator stalking it . 
 a fox ; she caught the whisper of fur sliding through the underbrush . 
 it was wonderful to hear , to feel things , to not be afraid of hearing things others could n't . 
 bats wheeled and dipped , diving at insects , and shea raised her face to the heavens , watching their antics , taking pleasure in the simple show . 
 she began to walk again , needing the exercise , needing to put the weight of responsibility from her shoulders for a time . 
 she had found her cottage , the barest bones of a home , and over the last few months had turned it into a sanctuary . 
 shutters blocked out the sunlight during the day . 
 a generator provided the lights and necessary power for her computer . 
 a modern bathroom and kitchen had been the next priority . 
 slowly shea had acquired books , supplies , and everything needed for the emergency care of patients . 
 though shea hoped never to have to use her skills here - the fewer people who knew of her existence , the better off she was and the more time she could devote to her valuable research - she was , first and always , a doctor . 
 shea entered the thick forest of trees , touched their trunks reverently . 
 she always kept a supply of blood on hand , using her hacker skills when necessary to tap into blood banks in ways that allowed for payment but preserved her anonymity . 
 still , that required monthly trips , alternating among the three villages within a night 's travel of her cabin . 
 lately she had grown so much weaker that fatigue was a major problem , and bruises were refusing to heal . 
 a craving in her was growing , an emptiness begging to be filled . 
 her life was drawing to a close . 
 shea yawned . 
 she needed to go back and sleep . 
 normally she never slept at night , saving her down time for afternoon , when the sun took the heaviest toll on her body . 
 she was miles from her house , in deep forest , high in the remotest part of the mountains . 
 she came this way often , drawn inexplicably to the area . 
 she felt restless , an almost overwhelming sense of urgency . 
 she needed to be somewhere , but she had no idea where . 
 when she analyzed how she felt , she realized that the force urging her onward was almost a compulsion . 
 she had every intention of turning around and going home , but her feet continued along the uphill path . 
 there were wolves in these mountains ; she often heard them singing at night . 
 there was such joy in their voices , such beauty in their song . 
 she could touch the minds of animals when she chose , but she had never attempted such a thing with a creature as wild and unpredictable as a wolf . 
 still , their nightly songs almost made her wish she might encounter one now . 
 she continued to move forward , pulled toward an unknown destination . 
 nothing seemed to matter but that she continue moving upward , always higher , into the wildest , most isolated area she had ever been in . 
 she should have been afraid , but the farther she got from her cabin , the more important it seemed for her to go on . 
 her hands went up absently , rubbing at her temples , her forehead . 
 there was a curious buzzing in her head . 
 strange how hunger gnawed at her insides . 
 it was n't normal hunger ; it was different . 
 again she had the strange feeling that she was sharing her mind with another being and the hunger was not really hers . 
 part of the time it seemed as though she was walking in a dream world . 
 tails of mist wound around the trees , hovered above the ground . 
 the fog was beginning to thicken a bit , the air temperature dropping several degrees . 
 shea shivered , ran her hands up and down her arms . 
 her feet picked a path , missing rotting logs . 
 she was always astonished at how silently she could move through this forest , instinctively avoiding fallen twigs and loose rocks . 
 something rippled in her mind . 
 where are you ? 
 why do you refuse to come to me ? 
 that voice was a venomous hiss of fury . 
 she stopped , horrified , and pressed both hands to her head . 
 it was her nightmare , the same voice calling to her , echoing in her mind . 
 the nightmares were coming more often , haunting her sleep , disturbing her waking hours , creeping into her consciousness at all hours . 
 sometimes she thought she might go mad . 
 shea approached a rippling stream . 
 stepping stones , vibrant splashes of color , flat and welcoming , paved her way across the crystal-clear water . 
 the stream was icy cold when she bent to idly trail her fingers in it . 
 the feel was soothing . 
 something compelled her forward . 
 first one foot , then the other . 
 it was madness to go so far from her cabin . 
 she was too many hours without sleep . 
 she even considered she was sleepwalking , she felt so strange . 
 shea paused near a small clearing and stared up at the starlit sky . 
 she did n't even realize she was moving again until she had crossed the clearing and was in a thick grove of trees . 
 a branch snagged in her hair , forcing her to stop again . 
 her head felt heavy , her mind clouded . 
 she needed to be somewhere desperately , but she did n't know where . 
 listening did n't help . 
 with her acute hearing , she would have heard if any person or creature was hurt or in trouble . 
 shea sniffed the night air . 
 she would probably get lost and be caught out in the open and the sun would fry her . 
 she would deserve it for this stupidity . 
 although she laughed at herself , the feeling was so powerful that shea walked on , allowing her body to ramble where it wanted to go . 
 an almost nonexistent path , heavily grown over , weaved in and out of brambles and trees . 
 she followed it faithfully , intrigued now , wondering what could draw her away from her research . 
 woods gave way to a higher meadow . 
 she crossed the open field , and her pace began to pick up as if she had a purpose . 
 at the far end of the meadow , a few scattered trees looked down on the remains of an old building . 
 it had been no small cabin but a good-sized home , now blackened and crumbling , the forest creeping back to take what had once belonged to it . 
 she walked along the structure 's perimeters , certain something had brought her to this place but unable to identify the reason . 
 it was a place of power , she could feel that , but for what or how to use it , she had no idea . 
 she paced , her body restless , a relentless pressure in her mind , as if she were on the verge of a great discovery . 
 squatting low , she let her hands run idly through the soil . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 her fingers found timber beneath the dirt . 
 shea 's breath caught in her throat , and her pulse jumped with excitement . 
 she had discovered something important . 
 she was certain of it . 
 carefully brushing away the topsoil , she uncovered a large door , six feet by four with a solid metal pull . 
 it took all her strength to lift it , and she had to sit still for a few moments to catch her breath and summon the nerve to look into the hole . 
 rickety steps , rotted and cracked with age , led downward into a large room . 
 a moment of hesitation and shea went , her body and mind pulling her when her brain wanted to be more cautious . 
 the walls of the cellar were constructed of earth and crumbling stone . 
 no one , nothing , had disturbed the place in years . 
 shea 's head went up alertly , eyes scanning the area quickly , senses flaring out , looking for danger . 
 there was nothing . 
 that was the trouble . 
 it was totally silent . 
 eerily so . 
 no night creatures , no insects . 
 no animal tracks in the dirt . 
 she could not detect so much as a rat scurrying or the shine of a spider 's web . 
 her hand of its own accord began to skim along a wall . 
 nothing . 
 shea wanted out of there . 
 some sense of self-preservation urged her to leave . 
 she shook her head , unable to depart even though the place distressed her . 
 for one horrible moment , her imagination overtook her , and she felt something watching her , lying in wait , dark and deadly . 
 it was so real that she nearly ran , but just as she turned , determined to flee while she had the chance , her fingers found more wood beneath the earthen wall . 
 curious , shea examined the surface . 
 something had been deliberately covered up here . 
 age had not mounded the earth this way . 
 unable to stop herself , she dug away handfuls of soil and loose rock until she uncovered a long strip of rotting wood . 
 another door ? 
 it was at least six feet high , maybe more . 
 she dug in earnest now , carelessly throwing clumps of dirt behind her . 
 then her fingers brushed something ghastly . 
 she recoiled , leaping back as dried little carcasses fell to the ground . 
 dead rats . 
 hundreds of withered bodies . 
 horrified , she stared at the rotting box she had uncovered . 
 the remaining dirt holding it in place shifted , and the box fell forward , part of its lid giving way . 
 shea backed all the way to the stairs , alarmed at her find . 
 the pressure in her head increased until she cried out with the pain , falling to one knee before she could climb the steep , rickety stairs leading out into the fog-filled night . 
 shea stood frozen , for a moment unable to breathe or even think . 
 was the answer in front of her in all its stark ugliness ? 
 was this thing , tortured and mutilated , her future , the future of those like her ? 
 she closed her eyes briefly , trying to shut out the reality . 
 the brutality of mankind to do this . 
 tears welled up for the pain and suffering this creature had endured before his death . 
 she felt responsible . 
 she had been given such special gifts , yet she had been unable to unlock the secrets to the disease that condemned those who suffered as she did . 
 she took a breath , made herself look . 
 he had been alive when his attackers sealed up the coffin . 
 he had scratched at the wood , eventually working a hole in the side of it . 
 shea stifled a sob , feeling a kinship for this poor murdered man . 
 his body was covered with a thousand cuts . 
 a wooden stake , as big around as a man 's fist , had been driven through his body near the vicinity of his heart . 
 whoever had done it needed a lesson in anatomy . 
 she sucked in her breath , appalled . 
 what he must have suffered ! 
 his hands and ankles were manacled ; rotting , dirty rags lay in strips across his chest like those of a mummy . 
 the doctor in her took over to allow a closer clinical study . 
 it was impossible to tell how long he had been dead . 
 by the condition of the cellar and the coffin , she would have guessed a number of years , but the body had not yet started to decompose . 
 lines of agony still creased the man 's face . 
 his skin was gray and stretched tightly over the bones . 
 the signs of suffering were stamped on that face , harsh and merciless . 
 and she knew him . 
 he was the man in her dreams . 
 although it seemed impossible , there was no mistake ; she had seen him enough times . 
 and he was the man in the photo graph don wallace had shown her . 
 though it all seemed out of the realm of possibility , she felt linked to him , felt she should have saved him . 
 grief was welling up , real grief . 
 shea felt as if a part of her lay dead in the coffin . 
 shea touched his dirty , raven-black hair with gentle fingers . 
 he must have had the same rare blood disorder as she had . 
 how many others had been hunted , persecuted , tortured , and murdered for something they were born with ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered softly , meaning it . 
 `` i failed all of us . '' 
 a slow hiss of air was her only warning . 
 eyelids snapped open , and she was staring into eyes blazing with venomous hatred . 
 a burst of strength shattered one rusty manacle , and a hand fastened around her throat with a grip like a vise . 
 he was so strong , he cut off her airway , so it was impossible even to scream . 
 everything seemed to swirl , black and white rushing to overtake her . 
 she had just enough time to feel regret that she would be unable to help him , to feel searing pain as teeth tore into her exposed throat . 
 let it happen fast . 
 shea did n't struggle ; she knew it was useless . 
 in any case someone owed this tormented creature something , and she had long ago accepted death . 
 she was terrified , of course , but strangely calm . 
 if she could somehow give him a measure of peace , she wanted to do so . 
 guilt for not finding a cure was uppermost in her mind . 
 and something else , something elemental , as old as time itself . 
 the need to save him . 
 the knowledge that he must live and that she was willing to offer up her life for his . 
 shea woke dizzy and weak . 
 she had a headache , and her throat was so sore that she was afraid to move . 
 she frowned , unable to recognize her surroundings . 
 she heard herself moan . 
 she was lying in the dirt , one arm locked behind her , something tight around her wrist . 
 she tugged to get her arm back , but the band tightened , threatening to crush her fragile bones . 
 her heart jumped , and with her free hand she touched her throat , remembering . 
 her neck was swollen and bruised . 
 there was a wound , too , torn and aching . 
 her mouth felt odd , a faint coppery taste coating her tongue . 
 she had lost too much blood , she knew immediately . 
 her head was splintering , fragmenting as the pressure increased . 
 she knew the creature was responsible , attempting to get inside her mind . 
 moistening her lips carefully , she inched backward , closer to the coffin , to take the pressure from her arm . 
 his fingers still encircled her small wrist like a handcuff , a vise that threatened to crush her bones if she made one wrong move . 
 another moan escaped before she could prevent it . 
 she wanted to believe this was a nightmare . 
 steeling herself , shea turned her head slowly to look at him . 
 the movement was intensely painful , taking her breath away . 
 her eyes locked with his . 
 involuntarily shea struggled , tried to get away . 
 his eyes , as black as night , burned at her . 
 fierce hatred , venomous rage , were concentrated in the soulless depths . 
 his fingers tightened , crushing her wrist , locking her to him , dragging a cry of pain and fear from her bruised throat . 
 her head pounded . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 shea 's forehead cracked against the side of the coffin in her struggles . 
 `` if you hurt me , i ca n't help you . '' 
 she raised her head to meet those black eyes . 
 `` do you understand ? 
 i 'm all you 've got . '' 
 she forced herself to hold that black gaze . 
 fire . 
 ice . 
 he had the most frightening eyes she had ever encountered . 
 `` my name is shea o'halloran . 
 i 'm a doctor . '' 
 she repeated it in several languages , gave up when his eyes continued to burn at her . 
 he seemed to have no mercy in him . 
 not soulless . 
 an animal . 
 trapped . 
 hurt . 
 confused . 
 a predator dangerous beyond belief , reduced to a helpless shell . 
 `` i 'll help you if you let me , '' she crooned softly , as if coaxing a wild animal . 
 she used the power of her voice shamelessly . 
 hypnotic , gentle , soothing . 
 `` i 'll need tools and a vehicle . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she leaned over him , her free hand gingerly touching his mutilated chest . 
 fresh blood was seeping around the stake , leaking from his many other cuts as if they were recent . 
 his wrist had a fresh , ragged tear in it that she was certain had not been there earlier . 
 `` my god , you must be-in terrible pain . 
 do n't move . 
 i ca n't take that stake out until i get you back to my cabin . 
 you 'll bleed to death . '' 
 shockingly , his color was slightly better . 
 the creature released her slowly , reluctantly , his gaze never leaving her face . 
 his hand reached down to scrape up the earth , bring it to the terrible wounds . 
 of course ! 
 the soil . 
 she helped him , scooping up handfuls of the richest dirt to spread over his cuts . 
 there were so many . 
 after the first handful , he lay still , conserving his energy , his gaze fastened on her like a brand . 
 he never blinked , his dark eyes never once wavering . 
 shea glanced upward toward the cellar entrance nervously . 
 much time had passed while she was unconscious . 
 the sun would be coming up soon . 
 she bent over him , stroked back his hair gently , a strange tenderness stealing over her . 
 for some unexplained reason she felt drawn to this poor creature , and the sensation was far stronger than her natural compassion , her need as a doctor to help . 
 she wanted him to live . 
 he had to live . 
 she had to find a way to take away his terrible pain . 
 `` i have to get some things . 
 i 'll hurry as fast as i can , but i 'll come back , i promise . '' 
 she rose to her feet , turned to go , taking one step . 
 he moved so fast that he was a blur , his hand clamping around her neck , jerking her off her feet so that she fell across him . 
 his teeth ripped at her exposed throat , the pain excruciating . 
 he fed voraciously , a wild animal out of control . 
 she struggled against the pain , against the futility of what he was doing . 
 he was killing the one person who could save him . 
 her hand , flailing blindly , found his jet-black hair . 
 her fingers tangled in the dirty , thick mane , remained there when she slumped nearly lifeless across his upper chest . 
 the last thing she heard before she passed out was his heartbeat . 
 shockingly , her own heart tried to follow the steady , strong rhythm . 
 there was silence , then a gasping wheeze as her body struggled for survival . 
 the creature stared dully at her limp , slender body . 
 the stronger and more alert he became , the more pain washed over him , consumed him . 
 he raised his free hand , bit his wrist , and forced the gushing wound over her mouth for the second time . 
 he was uncertain what was happening around him , the pain was so intense . 
 he had been buried for so long , he could not remember seeing anything in his lifetime but shades of gray and black . 
 now his eyes hurt from the vivid brightness of the colors surrounding him . 
 he had to escape the kaleidoscope of hues , the pain increasing every moment and unfamiliar emotions threatening to drown him . 
 shea woke slowly , facedown in the dirt . 
 her throat was raw and throbbing , the same sweet , coppery taste coating her mouth . 
 she was sick and dizzy , and instinctively she realized the sun was at its peak . 
 her body felt like lead . 
 where was she ? 
 she was cold and disoriented . 
 shea pushed herself to her knees , then had to lower her head to avoid fainting . 
 she had never been so weak , so helpless . 
 it was a frightening feeling . 
 awareness hit , and she scrambled on all fours across the dirt floor . 
 with her back to the wall and the width of the room between them , she stared in horror at the coffin . 
 he lay as if dead . 
 no discernible heartbeat or respiration . 
 shea pressed the back of one shaking hand to her mouth to keep a sob from escaping . 
 she was not going near him again , dead or not . 
 even as the thought came , as intelligent as it was , she still felt the need to find a way to help him . 
 something in her could not let it go . 
 maybe she was wrong about the blood disorder . 
 was there such a thing as a vampire ? 
 he used his teeth ; his incisors were sharp and must have an anticoagulant agent , just as his saliva must have a healing agent . 
 she rubbed her pounding temples . 
 the need to help him was compelling , overwhelming , so intense that she felt obsessed . 
 someone had taken their time torturing this man , derived pleasure from his suffering . 
 they had inflicted as much pain as they could and then buried him alive . 
 god only knew how long he had endured such a terrible thing . 
 she had to help him whatever the cost to herself . 
 it was inhumane to consider leaving him in such a state . 
 it was more than she could bear . 
 with a sigh she pulled herself into a standing position , then leaned against the wall until the cellar stopped spinning . 
 vampire or human , she could not leave him to suffer slow starvation and death . 
 he was in terrible pain ; it was obvious he did n't understand what was happening . 
 he was trapped in a world of agony and madness . 
 `` it is obvious you are out of your mind , shea , '' she whispered aloud . 
 she knew what she was experiencing was more than compassion and the need to heal . 
 something incredibly strong in her was committed to ensuring his survival . 
 in a bizarre way she had lived with this man for years . 
 he had been with her at all hours , sharing her mind , calling to her , begging her to come release him . 
 she had left him here in this place of suffering and madness because she had not thought he was real . 
 she would not fail him again . 
 the sun was blazing in the sky . 
 if he suffered the same lethargic effects as she did , he was probably in a deep sleep and would not wake until sunset . 
 it was go now or risk another attack if he awoke . 
 the sun was going to burn her skin . 
 she found her bag , rummaged for her dark glasses . 
 crossing the meadow was a kind of hell . 
 even with dark glasses , the light hurt her eyes , kept them watering so that her vision was constantly blurred . 
 unable to see the uneven ground clearly , she fell several times . 
 the sun beat at her , relentless in its assault . 
 in the shadow of the forest , the trees provided some relief . 
 but by the time she reached her cottage she had n't a square inch of skin that was n't bright red or blistering . 
 once at home she examined her swollen neck and throat , the terrible bruises and ragged wounds . 
 she looked grotesque , a hideous lobster , beaten and battered . 
 shea smeared aloe vera over her skin , then , working quickly , gathered tools , instruments , and ropes , arranging them in her truck . 
 the windows in the camper were already blackened , but she would need to cover him to get him into the truck . 
 she returned for a blanket . 
 a wave of dizziness drove her to her knees . 
 she was very weak . 
 she needed a transfusion desperately . 
 if she was to save this man , she must first save herself . 
 it had taken a couple of hours to make the trek back to the cottage , and she hated wasting more valuable time . 
 still , knowing she had no choice , she set up a transfusion , using one of the units of blood she kept on hand . 
 it seemed to take forever , each minute dragging by feeling like an hour , giving her too much time to worry , to wonder . 
 was the coffin too near the opening to the cellar ? 
 why had n't she noticed ? 
 if she had left him where the sun would touch him , he was burning alive while she was attending to what amounted to minor inconveniences . 
 oh , god , why could n't she remember ? 
 her head ached , her throat was raw , and most of all she was terrified . 
 she did not want to feel his hand wrapped around her throat again . 
 she did not want to think that she could have been so insensitive as to leave him where the sun might reach him . 
 the thought made her physically ill . 
 finally transfused , shea quickly prepared the cabin for the surgery ahead , laying out instruments to remove the stake and sutures to repair the damage . 
 at least she had blood to give him . 
 she did n't allow herself to think further about the task before her as she drove back to the blackened ruins . 
 the sun was sliding toward the mountains by the time she positioned the truck in front of the cellar entrance and , using the winch , lowered cable into the hole . 
 taking a breath , afraid of what she might find , shea made her way down the rickety stairs . 
 instantly she felt the impact of those burning eyes . 
 her heart thudded fearfully , but she forced herself to cross the floor until she was standing just out of his reach . 
 he was watching her with a predator 's unblinking stare . 
 he had awakened alone , still trapped . 
 fear and pain and intolerable hunger clawed at him . 
 his black eyes fastened on her face in accusation , in rage , with the dark promise of retaliation . 
 `` listen to me . 
 please try to understand . '' 
 she was so desperate , she used sign language as she spoke . 
 `` i need to get you in to my truck . 
 it 's going to hurt you , i know . 
 if you 're like me , drugs wo n't work on you . '' 
 she was beginning to stammer , his unblinking stare unnerving her . 
 `` look , '' she said desperately , `` i did n't do this to you . 
 i 'm really trying my best to help you . '' 
 his eyes commanded her to take a step closer . 
 she brought a hand up to shove at her hair and found she was trembling . 
 `` i 'm going to have to tie you in so when i hook the cable to the ... '' she trailed off , bit her lip . 
 `` quit staring at me that way . 
 this is hard enough . '' 
 she approached him cautiously . 
 it took every ounce of courage she possessed to step to his side . 
 he could smell her fear , hear the frantic beat of her heart . 
 there was terror in her eyes , in her voice , yet she came to him . 
 he was not forcing her compliance . 
 the pain made him weak . 
 he chose to conserve his energy . 
 it astonished him that she came to him despite her fear . 
 her fingers were cool on his skin , felt soothing in his filthy hair . 
 `` trust me . 
 i know i 'm asking a lot , but this is all i could figure to do . '' 
 the eyes , black ice , never left her face . 
 slowly , trying to avoid alarming him , shea padded the area around the wooden stake with folded towels , hoping that moving him would n't kill him . 
 she covered him with a blanket to protect him from the sun . 
 he simply watched her , seemingly uninterested , yet she knew by the way he held himself , that he was coiled and ready to strike if there was need . 
 when she would have secured him in the coffin to minimize jarring and bleeding , he caught her wrist in the viselike grip she was becoming so familiar with . 
 the photographs don wallace and jeff smith had shown her two years earlier had pictured some of their victims with blindfolds and gags . 
 she could n't deny that this creature looked exactly like the man in her dreams , like the man in their photograph , yet surely he could n't have survived seven years buried in this cellar ? 
 there were rags in the coffin . 
 a gag ? 
 a blindfold ? 
 her stomach somersaulted . 
 even to protect his eyes she could not blindfold him . 
 she could not duplicate anything those murderers had done to him . 
 his filthy hair was very long , tangled , and falling around his face . 
 she had a strong need to brush it away from his cheeks , to touch it with gentle fingers , to stroke away the last seven years with a caress . 
 `` okay , i 'll leave your arm free , '' she soothed . 
 it was difficult to remain still , waiting for his decision , her eyes held captive by his burning gaze . 
 it seemed an eternity . 
 shea could feel his rage seething just below the surface . 
 every second that ticked by made it more difficult to keep her courage . 
 she was not altogether certain he was sane . 
 reluctantly , finger by finger , he released her . 
 shea did n't make the mistake of touching his arm again . 
 very carefully she hooked the cable to the handle at the head of the coffin . 
 `` i have to put this over your eyes . 
 the sun is sinking , but there 's enough light to blind you . 
 i 'll just lay it across ; you can take it off at any time . '' 
 the moment she laid the cloth across his eyes , he ripped it off , fingers shackling her wrist in warning . 
 his strength was enormous , nearly crushing her bones , yet she had the feeling it was n't his intention to hurt her . 
 he had drawn a clear line for her , what was acceptable to him and what was not . 
 `` okay , okay , let me think . 
 no cloth . '' 
 her tongue found her lower lip ; her teeth followed . 
 his black gaze simply watched her , followed the movement of her tongue , came back to her vivid green eyes . 
 watching . 
 learning . 
 `` i know . 
 you can use my glasses until i get you into the camper . '' 
 she placed the dark glasses very gently on his nose . 
 her fingers stroked his hair in a little caress . 
 `` i 'm sorry , this is going to hurt . '' 
 shea took a cautious step backward . 
 it was worse not seeing his eyes . 
 another step . 
 his mouth twisted in a silent snarl ; white teeth gleamed . 
 she ran a split second before his arm snaked out with blinding speed . 
 his nails ripped a deep furrow in her arm . 
 she cried out , clutched her arm , but kept running until she reached the rotten stairs . 
 the light hit her eyes , blinding her , sending pain splintering through her head . 
 shea squeezed her eyes closed , stumbled to the truck , started the winch . 
 she did n't want to see him brought up anyway . 
 that she was the one tormenting him sickened her . 
 tears were streaming down her face . 
 shea pretended it was a reaction to the setting sun . 
 intellectually she knew he had struck at her out of fear that she was deserting him . 
 the whine of the cable stopped abruptly . 
 shea felt her way around the truck , opened the tailgate , slid down the ramp , and threaded the cable back through the cab into the shell . 
 the winch loaded the coffin smoothly into the pickup bed . 
 shea desperately needed her sunglasses for driving , but she could n't bring herself to get close to him again until it was absolutely necessary . 
 by now he would be in so much pain that he might kill her before she could convince him she was not trying to torture him . 
 she could n't find it in herself to blame him . 
 the drive to her cabin took longer than it should have , with her eyes streaming and swollen and her vision blurred . 
 she drove slowly , trying to avoid every rock and bump in the dirt track . 
 as it was , even with four-wheel drive , it was hard going . 
 shea was cursing softly by the time she backed the truck practically onto her porch . 
 `` please , please , do n't grab me and eat me alive , '' she chanted softly , a litany or prayer . 
 one more time ripping at her throat and she might never be able to help anyone again . 
 taking a deep breath , she opened the tailgate and shoved the dolly over the ramp . 
 without looking at him , she lowered the coffin onto the dolly and wrestled him inside . 
 he never made a sound . 
 not a groan , not a sob , not a curse , he was in agony ; she could tell by the sweat coating his body , by the white lines around his mouth , the crimson stain on his forehead , and the stark pain reflected in his eyes when it was finally safe to remove the sunglasses . 
 shea was exhausted , her arms aching and weak . 
 she was breed to take a moment to rest , leaning against the wall , fighting a wave of dizziness . 
 his eyes were back on her face , simply staring at her . 
 she hated his silence , instinctively knowing that hose who had tortured him had not received the satisfaction of hearing his cries . 
 it made her feel like one of them . 
 movement lad to be excruciatingly painful for him . 
 working quickly , she got him onto the gurney beside her operating table . 
 `` all right , i 'm going to get you out of this box . '' 
 she needed the sound of her voice even if he did n't understand . 
 she had tried several languages , and he had n't responded yet . 
 there seemed to be intelligence , knowledge in his eyes . 
 he did n't fully trust her , but it was possible he realized her intention was to help him . 
 grasping her sharpest knife , shea leaned over him to get at the thick ropes . 
 instantly he caught her wrist , preventing movement . 
 her heart sank . 
 he did n't understand after all . 
 she closed her eyes , steeling herself for the pain of teeth ripping through flesh . 
 when nothing happened , she looked at him , fully expecting to meet his blazing eyes . 
 he was examining the long gash on her arm , his eyes slightly narrowed , lids half-closed . 
 he turned her arm one way , then the other , as if fascinated by the long line of blood from wrist to elbow . 
 impatient , shea tugged to get away . 
 his fingers clamped down hard , but he did n't look at her face . 
 he brought her arm to his mouth slowly , and her heart seemed to stop . 
 his breath was warm against her skin . 
 he touched her gently , almost reverently , a long , moist caress that took the sting from the injury . 
 his tongue was rough velvet , lapping at the wound with care . 
 the feel of it sent an unexpected curl of heat spiraling through her . 
 intuitively she knew that he wanted to repair the damage he had done . 
 she blinked down at him , unable to believe he was attempting to heal her silly scratch when his own body was so terribly mutilated . 
 the gesture seemed so touching , it brought tears to her eyes . 
 she stroked back his shaggy mane of hair with tender fingers . 
 `` we need to hurry , wild man . 
 you 're bleeding again . '' 
 he released her reluctantly , and shea slashed through the ropes . 
 `` it 's okay to yell at me if you have to , '' she chattered on needlessly . 
 it took an eternity to remove the manacles . 
 even with a bolt cutter , she was not very strong . 
 when his wrist finally came loose , she grinned at him triumphantly . 
 `` i 'll have you free in no time . '' 
 she heaved the heavy chains off him , revealing blackened , charred flesh up and down his legs and across his chest . 
 shea swore , furious that such evil existed . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure the people who did this to you found out about me and my research , too . 
 we may have the same blood disorder . '' 
 one manacle was finally off his ankle . 
 `` it 's very rare , you know . 
 a few years ago some fanatics banded together and decided people like us were vampires . 
 but i guess you already know that , '' she added apologetically . 
 the last cuff fell away , and she threw down the bolt cutter . 
 `` your teeth seem more developed than mine . '' 
 she ran her tongue along her teeth , assuring herself she was n't really like him as she began to rip away the rotting sides of the wooden coffin . 
 `` since you ca n't understand a word i say , i 'll admit i 'm glad about that . 
 i ca n't imagine biting into someone . 
 yuck . 
 it 's bad enough that i need extra blood to survive . 
 there , i 'll cut your clothes away and get that thing out of you . '' 
 his clothes had all but rotted off anyway . 
 she had never seen a body so battered before . 
 `` damn them for this . '' 
 shea swallowed hard at the extent of the damage . 
 `` how could they do this to you ? 
 and how could you have survived ? '' 
 she brushed perspiration from her brow with her forearm before bending over him once more . 
 `` i need to move you onto this table . 
 i know i 'm jarring you , but it 's the only way . '' 
 he did the impossible . 
 as shea took the weight of his broad shoulders , attempting to slide him over , in a burst of courage and strength he shifted himself onto the table . 
 blood beaded on his forehead , trickled down the side of his face . 
 for a moment shea could n't go on . 
 her body was seized with tremors , and she lowered her head to hide her tears . 
 she could hardly bear to see his suffering . 
 `` is this ever going to end or you ? '' 
 it took a few minutes of fighting for control before he raised her head to meet the impact of his black gaze . 
 `` i 'm going to knock you out . 
 it 's the only way i can do this . 
 if anesthesia does n't work , i 'll hit you over the head or something . '' 
 she meant it , too . 
 she was not going to torture him as the others had . 
 he touched her cheek with a gentle fingertip , removing a tear . 
 he stared at it for a long moment before he carried it to his mouth . 
 she watched the curiously intimate act , wondering why her heart was melting in a way she had never experienced before . 
 shea washed thoroughly , pulled on sterile gloves and a surgical mask . 
 when she would have put a mask over his face , too , he warned her off with a silent show of fangs and a wrist lock he could n't budge . 
 it was the same when she tried a needle . 
 hack eyes blazed at her . 
 she shook her head at him . 
 `` please do n't make me do this , not like this . 
 i 'm not a butcher . 
 i wo n't do it this way . '' 
 she tried to sound tough and not tearful . 
 `` i wo n't do it . '' 
 they stared at one another , locked in a strange mental combat . 
 his black eyes burned into her , demanded obedience ; his rage , always seething , was beginning to surface . 
 shea 's tongue touched her lower lip ; her teeth followed , scraping nervously . 
 satisfaction crept into the black ice of his eyes , and he lay back , certain he had won . 
 `` damn you for being so stubborn . '' 
 she cleansed the area round the stake , set up her clamps , all the time wishing for a good surgical nurse and a large mallet . 
 `` damn them for doing this to you . '' 
 she gritted her teeth and pulled with all her strength . 
 he moved , just a ripple through his muscles , contracting , flexing , but she knew he was in agony . 
 the stake did not budge . 
 `` damn it ! 
 i told you i could n't do this with you awake , i 'm not strong enough . '' 
 he seized the stake himself and jerked it free . 
 blood gushed , prayed her , and she fell silent , working desperately to clamp off every source of bleeding she could . 
 she did n't look at him , every ounce of concentration focused on her work . 
 shea was a meticulous surgeon . 
 she worked methodically , repairing damage , at a fast , steady pace , blocking out everything around her . 
 her entire being was centered on the surgery , her mind locking him to her so he would not die . 
 jacques knew she was unaware of her fierce hold on him . 
 she was so involved in what she was doing , she seemed not to notice how she merged with him mentally to keep him safe . 
 could he have been so wrong about her ? 
 the pain was excruciating , but with her mind merged so strongly with his , it kept the shattered remains of his sanity together . 
 twice she added light for the close work , suturing for hours . 
 so many stitches inside and out , and when his chest was done she still was n't finished . 
 all his other cuts had to be washed and closed . 
 the smallest laceration took a single stitch , the largest forty-two . 
 it went on and on as the night closed them in . 
 her fingers were nearly numb , and her eyes ached with strain . 
 stoically she went on cutting away dead flesh , forcing herself to use soil and her saliva , though it went against everything she had ever been taught in medical school . 
 exhausted , hardly knowing what she was doing , she pulled off her mask and gloves and surveyed her work . 
 he needed blood . 
 his eyes were nearly mad with pain . 
 `` you need a transfusion , '' she said tiredly . 
 she indicated the blood transfusion apparatus with her chin . 
 the black eyes stared at her relentlessly . 
 shea shrugged , too exhausted to fight him . 
 `` fine , no needles . 
 i 'll put it in a glass for you , and you can drink it . '' 
 his gaze never left her face as she wheeled the table to the bed and , with his help , shifted him into the comfort of clean , soft bedding . 
 she stumbled twice , so exhausted that she was half asleep as she went for the blood . 
 `` please cooperate , wild man . 
 you need it , and i 'm just too tired to fight with you anymore . '' 
 she left the glass on the night table inches from his fingers . 
 like an automaton she cleaned up , sterilizing instruments , washing down the gurney and tables , bagging the remains of the coffin , the rotted rags , and the blood-soaked towels for burial at the first opportunity . 
 by the time shea was finished , dawn was only two hours away . 
 the shutters were closed tightly to block out the approaching sun . 
 she bolted the door and dragged two guns from the closet . 
 propping them up near her only comfortable chair , she tossed a blanket and pillow onto the cushion , prepared to defend her patient with her life . 
 she knew she needed sleep , but no one was going to harm this man further . 
 in the shower she allowed the hot water to pour over her , rinsing blood , sweat , dirt , and grime from her body . 
 shea fell asleep standing up . 
 minutes later a strange sensation in her mind , almost like the brush of butterfly wings , jerked her awake . 
 she wrapped her long hair in a towel , pulled on her mint-green robe , and stumbled out to check on her patient . 
 switching off the generator , she made her way to the bed . 
 the glass was still sitting on the nightstand . 
 full . 
 shea sighed . 
 very gently she touched his hair . 
 `` please do what i ask and drink the blood . 
 i ca n't go to sleep until you do , and i 'm so tired . 
 just this once , please listen to me . '' 
 his fingertips traced the delicate bones of her face as if memorizing her shape , the satin softness of her lips . 
 his palm spanned her throat , fingers curling around her neck . 
 he pulled her toward him slowly , relentlessly . 
 `` no . '' 
 the single word was more moan than protest . 
 he increased the pressure almost tenderly until he had pulled her small form onto the bed beside him . 
 his thumb found the pulse beating frantically in her neck . 
 shea knew she should struggle , but she was beyond caring , lying helplessly in his arms . 
 she felt his mouth move over her bare skin , a whisper of movement , an enticement . 
 his tongue stroked gently . 
 she closed her eyes against the waves beating in her head . 
 he was there . 
 in her mind . 
 feeling her emotions , sharing her thoughts . 
 heat coiled in her as his mouth moved over her pulse again . 
 his teeth scraped , nipped ; his tongue caressed . 
 the sensation was curiously erotic . 
 searing pain gave way to warmth and drowsiness . 
 shea relaxed against him , gave herself up to him . 
 he could decide life or death . 
 she was simply too tired to care . 
 reluctantly he lifted his head , sweeping his tongue carefully to close the wound . 
 he savored the taste of her - hot , exotic , the promise of passion . 
 there was something terribly wrong with him ; he understood that . 
 part of him was locked away so that he had no past . 
 fragments of memory seemed like shards of glass piercing his skull , so he tried not to allow them in . 
 she was his world . 
 somehow he knew she was his only sanity , his only path out of his dark prison of pain and madness . 
 why had n't she come to him right away , when he had first called her ? 
 he had been so aware of her presence in the world . 
 he had bent his will and commanded her obedience , but she had waited . 
 jacques had had every intention of punishing her for forcing him to endure madness and pain . 
 now , none of it made any sense . 
 she had suffered much for him . 
 had there been some reason she had resisted his call ? 
 perhaps the betrayer or the assassins had been following her . 
 whatever the reason , she had suffered greatly at his hands already . 
 it did n't make sense that she had deserted him deliberately , prolonged his agony . 
 he could read compassion in her . 
 he felt her willingness to trade her own life for his . 
 when he touched her mind , he felt only light and goodness . 
 it did not add up to the cruel , treacherous woman he had perceived her to be . 
 jacques was weak , vulnerable in his present state , unable to protect either of them . 
 shea was small and fragile . 
 he had been so alone . 
 without light or color . 
 he had spent an eternity alone , and he would never go back to that ugly , dark world . 
 he slashed a wound in his chest , cradled her head to him , and commanded her to drink . 
 binding her to him was as natural as breathing . 
 he could not bear to let her out of his sight . 
 shea belonged to him , and right at this moment she needed blood every bit as much as he did . 
 the blood exchange had been made . 
 their mental bond was strong . 
 when his body was healed he would complete the ritual , and she would be irrevocably bound to him for all eternity . 
 it was instinct as old as time itself . 
 he knew what to do and that he must do it . 
 as small as she was , shea felt right in his arms , a part of his insides . 
 none of it made sense , but in his narrow world , it did n't matter . 
 even as she fed , her mouth soft and sensuous against his torn flesh , he lifted the glass and carelessly emptied the contents down his throat . 
 when he had sensed her sleeping as she bathed , he had awakened her , fearful of the separation . 
 now she would sleep beside him where she belonged , where he might have a chance of protecting her should the assassins find them . 
 he might not be at full strength , but the monster in him was strong and lethal . 
 no one would harm her . 
 the one bit of his memory that remained , forever etched into his mind , was the scent of the two humans and of the betrayer who had lured him to his living hell . 
 he would recognize the voices of the tormentors and their smell . 
 demons . 
 god , how they 'd made him suffer , how they 'd enjoyed his suffering . 
 laughing , taunting , torturing him until madness reigned . 
 and it still reigned . 
 he knew he was struggling for his sanity . 
 he would never forget the hunger as they bled him dry . 
 hunger had burned holes in him , crawled through him , eaten at him from the inside out . 
 to survive he had slept , heart and lungs ceasing so that what little blood his body retained , he kept . 
 he woke only when food was near . 
 always alone , unable to move , in agony . 
 he had learned hatred . 
 he had learned rage . 
 he had learned there was a place where there was nothing , only stark , ugly emptiness and the burning desire for revenge . 
 had these same animals attempted to hunt shea ? 
 the thought of her in their hands sickened him . 
 he fit her close to him so he could feel her reassuring presence . 
 was she being hunted ? 
 were they close on her trail ? 
 if he had unfairly punished her failure to aid him , he would never forgive himself . 
 he had wanted to kill her , had almost done so . 
 something inside him had been unable to do it . 
 and then she had ceased to straggle , offering her blood , her life for him . 
 he had thought himself hard , impossible to touch , yet something in him had melted at her offering . 
 and the way her fingertips had brushed his hair had sent his heart pounding . 
 he cursed his weakness , both of body and mind . 
 he needed more blood , hot human blood . 
 it would speed his healing . 
 there was something terribly important eluding him . 
 it slipped in and out of his mind , leaving pain and fragments in its wake . 
 if he could just hold it for a moment he might remember , but it never stayed long enough to do other than drive him mad . 
 it was unbearably frustrating to have his memory taken from him . 
 shea groaned softly , the sound cutting through him like a knife . 
 she was shivering , even in her heavy robe . 
 his gaze quickly jumped to her face . 
 she was in pain . 
 he felt it in her mind . 
 instinctively he laid a hand on her stomach , fingers splayed wide . 
 something was happening inside her body . 
 again his head seemed to splinter as he tried to catch the memory . 
 he should know . 
 it was important for her . 
 shea rolled over and came to her knees , clutching her stomach . 
 her eyes were wide with fear . 
 she was extremely cold , as if she would never be warm again . 
 shivering , she could only rock back and forth as wave after wave of pain shook her small frame . 
 heat was burning her insides , eating through her internal organs , squeezing her heart , her lungs . 
 she rolled off the bed onto the floor , landing hard , attempting to protect her patient from whatever virus she had contracted . 
 the towel unraveled , and her hair spilled out like dark blood pooling around her head . 
 her abdomen was on fire . 
 a fine sheen of perspiration coated her body ; across her forehead was a faint ribbon of scarlet . 
 jacques tried to move , to get to her , but his body was not his own , lying heavy and useless . 
 his arm could n't reach her . 
 his every movement brought pain rippling through him , but his world for so long had been pain , he knew no other . 
 it had been his only reality in the darkened eternity of the damned . 
 pain only added to his iron will . 
 he would live for all eternity and find those who had taken his past . 
 he would turn that same iron will to finding a way to help shea . 
 shea 's slender body writhed , locked , writhed again . 
 she rolled to her knees , tried to crawl toward her medical bag . 
 she was n't thinking ; the movement was blind , instinctive . 
 she had no idea where she was or what was happening to her , only that the fire consuming her had to stop . 
 he struggled , raged at his inability to move , to help her . 
 finally he lay back , crawling into her mind as he had many times before in an effort to save himself . 
 come to me , to my side . 
 the whisper of sound , the thread of sanity , was in her head . 
 shea knew he had not spoken aloud . 
 she was hallucinating . 
 she groaned , rolled over , and curled up in the fetal position , making herself as small as possible . 
 she would not go near him . 
 if this were contagious , he would not survive such a virulent flu . 
 what if she did n't survive ? 
 what if she had brought him here , and , with no one to care for him , she left him to die slowly of starvation ? 
 somehow she had to tell him there was blood in the icebox . 
 it was too late . 
 another wave of fire beat at her , attacking her internally , spreading to every organ . 
 she could only draw up her knees like a mortally wounded animal and wait for it to pass . 
 you must come to me . 
 i can help ease the pain . 
 thewords penetrated her next moment of lucidity . 
 he sounded so tender , so unlike the way he looked . 
 she did n't care if she was going crazy , if she was making his voice up ; there was a soothing quality , like the touch of gentle , cool fingers on her body , to the voice in her mind . 
 shea was going to be sick . 
 something in her , some ridiculous shred of dignity , made it possible to drag herself to the bathroom . 
 he could hear her , fighting to stop the endless stomach spasms . 
 her agony was worse for him than his own , his rage at his impotence growing until he was consumed with it . 
 fingernails lengthened to murderous claws , tore holes in the sheets . 
 outside the wind picked up , howled at the windows , and ripped through the trees . 
 a low growl rumbled in his throat , in his mind , increasing in volume . 
 she was trying to protect him . 
 he was a male of his race , his duty to take care of his own , yet she was suffering the fires of hell and refusing his aid lest she somehow give him her illness . 
 he knew it was hers alone , that the fire twisting her insides was something important . 
 she had to come to him ; he did not know why , but every instinct , every cell in his body demanded her compliance . 
 you must come to me . 
 i can not get to you . 
 there is no danger to me , little red hair . 
 i must insist on your obedience . 
 itwas an imperious demand , the voice a soft yet steely thread of sound . 
 very old world , heavily accented . 
 at the same time his voice was brushing at her skin , soothing her , promising his aid . 
 in the bathroom , shea splashed cold water on her face and rinsed her mouth . 
 she had a minute or two before the next wave hit . 
 she could feel the wild man 's mixed emotions . 
 he was frustrated with his inability to help her , was determined to reach her should she not respond . 
 she was amazed that he needed to help her . 
 it was an all-consuming emotion that vibrated in the air . 
 shea wanted to do as he commanded but was terrified of infecting him . 
 the way her body was convulsing and pulsing with pain , she was certain it would kill him . 
 yet she wanted the comfort of another being . 
 i can not come to you . 
 you must come to me . 
 his voice was pitched low , black velvet enticement , impossible to ignore . 
 shea pushed herself off the wall and stumbled back to the bedroom , her face starkly white , shadows under her eyes . 
 the bruises and wounds on her throat stood out plainly . 
 she looked so fragile , he was afraid she would break if she fell again . 
 he held out a hand to her , the expression in his dark eyes a mixture of demand and gentleness . 
 `` you probably gave me rabies , '' she muttered rebelliously , but already the fire was eating at her spleen , her kidneys , spreading from tissue to muscle , bones , and blood . 
 come now ! 
 i can not take your suffering a moment longer . 
 deliberately he used that same mesmerizing tone , so that she felt an overwhelming need to do as he asked her . 
 the voice seemed to be echoing in her mind , impelling her forward until she made it to the bed , rolling into a ball , burying her face in the pillow , hoping for death . 
 his hand gently , almost tenderly , pushed back the heavy fall of hair from around her face , traced his thumbprint on her neck . 
 he made an effort to search inside his mind for information . 
 there was a key somewhere , a way to end her suffering , but , like his past , it eluded him . 
 he was failing her when she had already endured so much to ensure his survival . 
 he wanted to roar at the heavens , tear someone 's throat out . 
 they had done this to him . 
 two humans and a betrayer . 
 they had taken his past , shattered his mind , and imprisoned him in a living hell . 
 worst of all they had taken away his ability to protect his lifemate . 
 they had created a monster the likes of which they could not conceive . 
 the silence in the cabin was broken by the hum of night creatures singing to one another . 
 the sun was setting , and the land was once more theirs . 
 air filled lungs , a chest rose and fell , a heart began to beat . 
 the rush of agony always overwhelmed him , took his breath , his mind . 
 he lay still , waiting for his mind to accept the atrocities that had been done to his body . 
 hunger rose , a sharp , gnawing emptiness that could never be assuaged . 
 rage flooded , consuming him , a need to kill , to fill the terrible emptiness . 
 into the middle of that cauldron of intense , violent emotion suddenly came something soft and gentle . 
 a wisp of memory . 
 courage . 
 beauty . 
 a woman . 
 not any woman , but his woman , his lifemate . 
 all red hair and fire . 
 she walked like an angel where men feared to tread , where even his own kind would fear to venture . 
 he wrapped a length of her silky hair around one fist , afraid to wake her , afraid she would be in pain . 
 shea . 
 why did n't she ever use his name ? 
 reluctantly he issued the command to awaken her and watched as air rushed into her body , listened to the ebb and flow of blood circulating through her heart . 
 her eyelashes fluttered . 
 she burrowed against his warmth , unknowing for a moment . 
 he touched her mind cautiously , took inventory . 
 within moments of awakening , her mind had already begun trying to assimilate all that had happened to her the night before , running through a list of diseases and their symptoms . 
 her body was sore . 
 he found hunger , weakness , fear for his recovery , his sanity , fear of who and what he was . 
 guilt that she had slept instead of watching over him . 
 an urgent need to complete her work , her research . 
 compassion for him , terror that he would not heal and that perhaps she had made his suffering worse . 
 fear they would be found before he was strong enough to go his own way . 
 his eyebrows went up . 
 our way is the same . 
 she sat up gingerly , swept back her tangled , wild hair . 
 `` you could have said you speak english . 
 how do you do that ? 
 how can you talk in my head instead of aloud ? '' 
 he simply watched her curiously with his black , fathomless eyes . 
 shea eyed him warily . 
 `` you are n't getting ready to bite me again , are you ? 
 i 've got to tell you , there is n't a place on my body that is n't sore . '' 
 she flashed him a wan smile . 
 `` just out of curiosity , your rabies shots are up to date , are n't they ? '' 
 his eyes were doing something to her insides , causing a flood of warmth where it should n't be . 
 his gaze dropped to her lips . 
 the shape of her mouth fascinated him , along with the light so clearly shining from her soul . 
 he raised a hand to cup her cheek , to feather his thumb along her delicate jawline ; his fingertip traveled up to her chin to find the satin perfection of her full lower lip . 
 her heart somersaulted and heat rushed low , pooling into a distinct ache . 
 his hand slid around to the nape of her neck . 
 slowly , inexorably , he forced her head down toward his . 
 shea closed her eyes , wanting , yet dreading his taking her blood . 
 `` i 'd hate to have to feed you every day , '' she muttered rebelliously . 
 and then his mouth touched hers . 
 featherlight , a skimming brush shea felt right down to her toes . 
 his teeth scraped her lower lip , teasing , tempting , enticing . 
 darts of fire raced through her bloodstream . 
 her stomach muscles clenched . 
 openyour mouth for me , stubborn little red hair . 
 his teeth tugged ; his tongue followed with a soothing caress . 
 shea gasped as much at the tender , teasing note as at the feel of his lips on hers . 
 he took advantage immediately , fastening his mouth to hers , his tongue exploring every inch of her velvet-soft interior . 
 flames licked at her , swept through her like a storm . 
 electricity crackled , and shea knew the full meaning of chemistry . 
 feeling . 
 pure and simple . 
 there was nothing else but his mouth claiming hers , whirling her into another world she had n't known existed . 
 the ground shifted , and shea clutched at his shoulders to keep from floating to the clouds . 
 he was sweeping aside every resistance , demanding her response , taking her response , all hunger and desire . 
 then he was in her mind , white-hot heat , possession . 
 she was his , only his , always his . 
 smug male satisfaction . 
 shea shoved at his broad shoulders , then tumbled backward to the floor , wiping at her mouth with the back of her hand . 
 they glared at one another , until amusement crept into her mind . 
 low , male , taunting . 
 nothing showed on his face , not a flicker in the ice of his eyes , but she knew he was laughing at her . 
 it took a moment to realize her robe was gaping open , giving him a generous view of her bare skin . 
 with great dignity shea dragged the lapels together . 
 `` i think we need to straighten something out here . '' 
 sitting on the floor , struggling desperately to get her breathing under control , to throw ice water on the raging fire in her blood , shea was afraid he was n't going to take her seriously . 
 `` i am your doctor . 
 you are my patient . 
 this ... '' she waved a hand , searching for the right words . 
 `` this sort of thing is unethical . 
 and another thing . 
 i am in charge here . 
 you follow my orders , not the other way around . 
 absolutely never , under any circumstances , do that again . '' 
 involuntarily she touched her fingers to her lower lip . 
 `` it would n't have happened at all if you had n't infected me with some sort of , i do n't know , rabies strain . '' 
 she glared at him . 
 he simply watched her with his disconcertingly steady gaze . 
 shea inhaled , wrinkled her nose , desperate to change the subject to something safe . 
 he was supposed to be half-dead . 
 he should have been dead . 
 no one should be able to kiss like that after the agony he had been through . 
 she had never , ever responded to anyone the way she had to him . 
 never . 
 it was shocking , the effect he had on her . 
 there was a sudden glint in his eyes , somewhere between a flame dancing and amusement . 
 no other man must ever make you respond to him . 
 i would not be pleased . 
 `` quit reading my mind ! '' 
 her cheeks flushed a bright red ; she glared at him . 
 `` this is a totally improper conversation between a doctor and a patient . '' 
 perhaps , but not between us . 
 she clenched her teeth , her green eyes smoldering . 
 `` shut up , '' she said rudely , a little desperately . 
 she had to find a way to get control back , and he was n't cooperating . 
 she took a deep , calming breath to restore her dignity . 
 `` you need a bath . 
 and your hair could use a good wash . '' 
 shea stood up and gingerly touched his thick ebony hair , unaware that the gesture was curiously intimate . 
 `` you were number seven . 
 i wonder if any of the others live . 
 god , i hope not . 
 i have no way to find them . '' 
 as she turned , he caught her wrist . 
 what is number seven ? 
 shea sighed softly . 
 `` those men , the ones who hunt me , had photographs of some of their victims murdered around seven years ago . 
 eight bodies were found , though likely there were more victims than anyone knew . 
 people refer to them as the ` vampire ' murders because the victims were killed with a wooden stake driven through the heart . 
 the picture numbered as seven was yours . 
 you . 
 it was you . '' 
 his eyes questioned her further . 
 hunger was intruding , becoming a sharp , distracting ache . 
 he was so much in her mind , she could n't tell if he or she was in desperate need of blood . 
 `` do you know your name ? '' 
 there was the impression of confusion . 
 you know , you are my lifemate . 
 her eyes widened in surprise . 
 `` lifemate ? 
 you - you think we know one another ? 
 i 've never met you before in my life . '' 
 his black eyes narrowed . 
 his mind pushed at hers in confusion , in sudden dismay . 
 he seemed certain she was lying to him . 
 shea shoved a hand through her hair , the action parting her robe slightly , lifting her breasts . 
 `` i dreamed about you . 
 sometimes i thought about you ... maybe even felt your presence . 
 but i never actually laid eyes on you until two nights ago . '' 
 was it only forty-eight hours ? 
 it felt like a lifetime . 
 `` something drew me to that forest , to that cellar , i did n't know you were there . '' 
 more confusion . 
 you did not know ? 
 he was probing her mind . 
 she could feel him sharing her head , and it was strange . 
 he felt familiar to her ; she recognized his touch . 
 it was strange , exhilarating , but frightening to have someone capable of learning such intimate knowledge of her . 
 shea told herself she endured his examination only because he was clearly agitated . 
 she had a physician 's need to soothe him , to take away every pain from his body and his mind . 
 the urge had nothing to do with the way he made her feel . 
 everything around her seemed so different . 
 colors were more than just vivid , they were startling in depth . 
 she was uneasy with her acceptance of so many bizarre events , uncomfortable with the facility with which he slipped in and out of her mind . 
 his fingers suddenly tightened like a band around her wrist . 
 iam jacques . 
 i am your lifemate . 
 there is no question that i can share your mind . 
 it is my right , as it is yours to share mine . 
 more than a right , it is a necessity for us both . 
 she had no idea what he was talking about , so she ignored his statement , worried that he seemed so distressed over her lack of knowledge of him . 
 she found herself needing to touch his hair with gentle fingers . 
 `` can you use your voice at all ? '' 
 his eyes answered , impatient , frustrated at his own inability . 
 her fingertips found his forehead , calming , soothing . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 your body 's been through a lot . 
 give it some time . 
 you 're already healing amazingly fast . 
 do you know who did this to you ? '' 
 two humans , one betrayer . 
 ragewelled up , and for a moment red flames glowed in the depths of his black eyes . 
 shea 's heart nearly stopped , and she jerked backward to put distance between them . 
 he moved faster , his arm a blur . 
 his fingers circled her wrist , preventing escape . 
 his grip was unbreakable - she felt his raw strength - yet he was not hurting her at all . 
 with an effort he pushed down the demons , angry with himself for alarming her . 
 his thumb feathered lightly over the inside of her wrist , making him all too aware of her pulse racing frantically . 
 very , very gently he tugged until she was forced to his side . 
 i know little of my past , but almost from the beginning of my imprisonment i have known of you . 
 i waited . 
 i called you to my side . 
 i hated you for allowing my suffering to continue . 
 she caught his face in her hands , suddenly anxious that he believe her . 
 `` i did n't know . 
 i swear to you , i did n't know . 
 i never would have left you there . '' 
 grief clogged her throat that she had not somehow ended his suffering sooner . 
 what was it about him that drew her like a magnet , that captivated her and made her want to ease his pain ? 
 the urge was so strong in her , so intense , she could hardly bear to see him lying so vulnerable and shattered . 
 i know you speak the truth ; you can not lie to me . 
 it was a courageous thing you did , rescuing me . 
 but as your lifemate i can do no other than forbid you to ever take such a risk again . 
 hesounded totally complacent , as if she would do as he said simply because he wished it . 
 every moment he was awake he became more tyrannical , more possessive . 
 she glared at him , her green eyes smoldering dangerously . 
 `` you can quit with the orders , mr. jacques whoever-you-are . 
 no one tells me what to do . '' 
 his black gaze slid over her calmly . 
 so she had not been part of his life before . 
 the information amazed him . 
 how had she found the courage to save him the way she had ? 
 how had she returned to him after he had nearly ripped her throat out ? 
 his fingers tightened around her wrist , tugged until she relaxed against him . 
 you , are my lifemate . 
 the words came from somewhere deep inside his heart . 
 he had no idea why he needed to say them , he knew only that it was imperative that he do so ; it seemed his entire being forced the words out of his soul . 
 i claim you as my lifemate . 
 i belong to you . 
 i offer my life for you . 
 i give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body . 
 i take into my keeping the same that is yours . 
 your life , happiness , and welfare will be cherished and placed above my own for all time . 
 you are my lifemate , bound to me for all eternity and always in my care . 
 shea heard the words echoing in her mind , felt a rush of heat , of blood . 
 fear welled up , stark terror . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 she whispered it , her eyes enormous . 
 `` what have you done to us ? '' 
 you know the answer . 
 she shook her head adamantly . 
 `` i do n't . 
 i do n't know . 
 but i 'm different , i can feel it . 
 those words did something to us . '' 
 she could feel it ; she could n't describe it . 
 she felt tiny threads , a million strong binding his soul to hers , weaving their hearts together , their minds . 
 she no longer felt like a single entity but one complete being with him . 
 there had always been a raw emptiness inside her ; now it was gone . 
 he released her wrist reluctantly , traced his fingertips along her high cheekbone . 
 his mind touched hers , found genuine fear and confusion . 
 i am as much in the dark as you are . 
 i know only that you ended my suffering , that you came to my call , that i recognize my other half . 
 you are the light to my darkness . 
 shea edged away from him , making certain to get beyond his reach . 
 `` i 'm your doctor , jacques , nothing more . 
 i heal people . '' 
 she said it more for herself than for him . 
 shea had no idea what he was talking about . 
 she worried that his mind was playing tricks on him , weaving fantasies for him . 
 intellectually , shea knew no one could tie another to himself with words , yet she felt threads binding them together . 
 there were too many things she did n't understand . 
 jacques was half mad , his mind shattered , his memories coming to him in tiny pieces , yet maybe he was more stable than she was . 
 it was a scary thought . 
 she was so hungry , the need for blood nearly overwhelming . 
 she had never experienced such a craving . 
 shea decided she was feeling jacques ' hunger , that somehow she was actually sharing his distress . 
 at once she poured the wild man two pints of blood from her supply and took the tall glass to his bedside . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i should have realized you 'd be hungry . 
 if you let me give you intravenous fluids , it would help . '' 
 the moment she put the glass down , she retreated to her computer desk . 
 he ignored her comment . 
 why do you not feed ? 
 the question was asked casually , curiously . 
 his black eyes were thoughtful as he studied her . 
 from her position of safety across the room , shea watched him . 
 the weight of his gaze alone broke her concentration , took her breath away . 
 she was feeling far too possessive of this patient . 
 she had no right to tangle her life around his . 
 it was frightening that she was reacting so uncharacteristically to him . 
 she had always felt aloof , remote , detached from people and things around her . 
 her analytical mind simply computed facts . 
 but right now , she could think only of him , his pain and suffering , the way his eyes watched her , half-closed , sexy . 
 shea nearly jumped out of her skin . 
 where had that thought come from ? 
 knowing she would n't want to think he was reading her mind at that precise moment , jacques did the gentlemanly thing and pretended merely a casual interest . 
 it was nice to know she found him sexy . 
 smugly he lay back with his eyes closed , long lashes dark against his washed-out complexion . 
 despite the fact that his eyes were closed , shea felt as though he witnessed every move she made . 
 `` you rest while i shower and change my clothes . '' 
 her hands went to her hair in a futile effort to tidy the wild thickness of it . 
 his eyes remained closed , his breathing relaxed . 
 i can feel your hunger , your need for blood nearly as great as my own . 
 why would you attempt to hide this from me ? 
 with sudden insight he let out his breath . 
 or is it that you are hiding from your own needs ? 
 that is it you do not realize it is your hunger , your need . 
 the gentleness in his tone flooded her body with unexpected heat . 
 furious that he could be right , she stalked into the bathroom , shrugged off her robe , and allowed the warm shower to cascade over her head . 
 his laughter was low and taunting . 
 you think to escape me , little red hair ? 
 i live in you as you live in me . 
 shea gasped , whirled around , grabbed frantically for a towel . 
 it took a moment to realize he was still in the other room . 
 the connection between them was growing stronger . 
 she wanted it now , enjoyed it , yet it made her uneasy that she could find such an intimacy with another so natural , so normal , when it was n't . 
 it suddenly occurred to her that she was showing no indications of normal bodily functions . 
 as always , her intellect took over to analyze the situation . 
 her brain began to process information without emotion , sorting through the various changes she found in herself , connecting them with her recent illness and the fire in her internal organs . 
 it was crazy , but she knew she was physically different . 
 something had reshaped her genetic code . 
 shea took her time braiding her hair , fussing over her blue jeans , adjusting her ribbed cotton shirt , allowing her mind time to cope with the new knowledge . 
 it was frightening yet fascinating . 
 she wished she had observed it in someone other than herself . 
 it was hard to accept it clinically when it was her own body she was studying . 
 such a nice body . 
 she nearly dropped her brush . 
 will you stop ! 
 just the low velvet touch of his voice sent heat curling through her body . 
 it was sinful and unfair to have such a voice . 
 i did not think you would ever speak with me as a lifemate would . 
 i waited long for that impatient comment . 
 there was a teasing note now . 
 shea went very still . 
 her face , reflected in the mirror , visibly whitened . 
 she had not spoken the words aloud , yet he had heard her . 
 her teeth tugged worriedly at her lower lip . 
 the change was in more than her body . 
 her capabilities were growing . 
 she could talk to him easily using her mind . 
 it shocked her that she could conceive of such a thing as normal . 
 if she did n't think about it or analyze it , she could almost accept it . 
 she found herself trembling . 
 extending her hands out in front of her , she watched with annoyance as they shook . 
 she was a doctor ; nothing should shake her composure . 
 more than that , shea knew her own worth , had complete faith in herself . 
 her chin went up . 
 she walked into the main room , avoiding looking at him as she opened the refrigerator and took out some apple juice . 
 her stomach lurched . 
 the thought of swallowing the liquid made her ill . 
 something inside her had changed dramatically , as she suspected . 
 she needed to take more blood samples , find out just what was going on with her body . 
 yet for the first time in her life , she found herself reluctant to study data . 
 what are you doing ? 
 he sounded curious . 
 `` actually , i 'm not sure . 
 i thought i would drink juice , but ... '' she trailed off , uncertain what to say . 
 shea always had a firm direction ; now she was seriously floundering . 
 pouring the juice into a glass , she stared at it helplessly . 
 you will make yourself ill . 
 do not touch that . 
 `` why would apple juice make me ill ? '' 
 she asked , curious . 
 did he know what had happened to her ? 
 you need blood . 
 you are not nearly strong enough . 
 i have scanned your body . 
 although i am not able to help you as o f yet , i can see the need for proper nourishment . 
 your body can not cope with the demands you make on it . 
 `` i do n't want to discuss what i should or should n't do . '' 
 it bothered her the way he sounded so concerned , almost tender . 
 his voice had a way of making her want to do anything he asked of her , including drinking the blood . 
 she could smell it . 
 she could hear his heart , the rush of blood through his veins . 
 for the space of a heartbeat she allowed the sound to echo in her head , to feed the hunger gnawing at her . 
 she bit down hard on her lower lip . 
 she needed to put a little distance between them . 
 his personality was extremely overpowering . 
 something deep within her , something wild she had n't known was a part of her , was calling out to him . 
 the chemistry was so strong , she ached just looking at him . 
 shea unbolted the cabin door , began to open it . 
 stop ! 
 thecommand was soft , menacing , yet she caught the hint of desperation . 
 the door seemed to be jerked out of her hand by some unknown force and slammed closed . 
 shocked , she dropped the glass in her hand . 
 it smashed on the floor . 
 she watched the apple juice spread out in a golden stain , the pattern particularly odd , almost like the yawning jaws of a wolf . 
 with an effort jacques calmed himself . 
 it was absolute hell to be so helpless , to be trapped in a useless body . 
 he took a deep breath , let it out slowly , releasing the terror her rash action had caused . 
 i am sorry , shea . 
 you did not scan to see if there was danger near . 
 we are hunted . 
 you must never forget that . 
 you must stay close to me so i can be of some use if you are threatened . 
 i did not mean to frighten you . 
 she looked up at him , her green eyes bewildered . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean by scanning . '' 
 she said it absently , as if her mind was on something else . 
 come here to me . 
 his voice whispered over her skin . 
 he held out a hand to her , his eyes eloquent , hungry . 
 he wanted something from her she dared not think about . 
 `` not on your life . '' 
 he looked so sensual , so sexy , he took her breath away . 
 shea felt behind her for the wall , leaned against it for stability . 
 i am not asking for much . 
 walk to me . 
 it is only a few short steps . 
 blackvelvet enticed her : warmth flooded her mind . 
 she regarded him carefully . 
 `` you know what 's wrong with me , do n't you ? 
 you did something to me . 
 i know you did . 
 i feel it . 
 tell me what you 've done . '' 
 her face was pale , her enormous eyes accusing . 
 we are one , bound together . 
 there was the impression of puzzlement . 
 jacques felt her confusion ; he was a shadow in her mind . 
 yet he was as confused as she was . 
 she truly did n't understand what he meant by scanning , which was ingrained in him just as breathing was . 
 she had no idea what he meant by their being bound together , yet to him it was perfectly clear . 
 still , he was not certain he could explain it to her adequately . 
 why did n't she know these things ? 
 he was the one damaged . 
 his was the mind shattered , his the memories scattered to the four corners of the earth . 
 shea rubbed her forehead with a trembling hand . 
 `` you shut that door , did n't you ? 
 you took it out of my hands and slammed it closed right from the bed . 
 you did it with your mind , did n't you ? '' 
 she could do many things , had special gifts , but this unknown man had tremendous powers she could barely comprehend . 
 what was he ? 
 what else was he capable of ? 
 the pull between them was so strong - had she allowed something outside herself to dictate her own actions ? 
 shea was uncertain of the answer . 
 at once jacques sought to soothe her . 
 he did n't know what was upsetting her so much - it was a natural part of his life to move objects with his mind - but his need was to overcome her distress . 
 he sent her warmth and reassurance , comfort . 
 iam sorry , shea , i was thinking only of your protection . 
 it is difficult for me to know we are hunted while i am so helpless to protect you , that we can not leave this place because of my weakness . 
 you are tied to my side , and i endanger you . 
 he tried as hard as he could to undo the damage his thoughtlessness had caused . 
 she deserved so much more than a half-mad lifemate . 
 she seemed to have no real idea of what they needed to survive . 
 you have no conception of the monsters we are dealing with . 
 it is always important to scan as you wake , before you leave a dwelling . 
 he tried to be gentle as he imparted the information . 
 it was easy for him to read her mounting fears . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 her genuine puzzlement brought out a protective urge in him so strong that it shook his narrow world . 
 he wanted to take her into his arms and shelter her for all eternity within his soul . 
 she looked impossibly small and fragile , the questions in her mind as easy to read as the worry on her transparent face . 
 his dark eyes widened in sudden understanding . 
 you do not know the ways of our people at all , do you ? 
 `` what people ? 
 i 'm an american , of irish descent . 
 i came here to do research on a rare blood disorder , which i seem to share with you . 
 that 's all . '' 
 unknowingly she was biting her lip , her knuckles white from clenching her fists , her body tense , waiting for his reply . 
 he cursed his inability to remember basic things , certain they were of great importance to the two of them . 
 if she was as much in the dark as he was , they were in deep trouble . 
 it was frustrating to have so many gaps in his mind . 
 you are of this land . 
 i feel your connection to this land . 
 i know absolutely that you are mine , that we belong together . 
 shea shook her head . 
 `` my mother was irish . 
 my father was from this region , but i never even knew him . 
 i arrived here for the first time only a couple of months ago . 
 i swear i 've never been here before . '' 
 we do not have a disorder , a disease . 
 our people have existed as they are from the dawn of time . 
 he did not know where that piece of information came from . 
 it was simply there . 
 `` but that 's impossible . 
 people do not require drinking blood to live . 
 i 'm a doctor , jacques . 
 i do medical research all the time . 
 i know . 
 this is extremely rare . '' 
 she could feel her breath refusing to leave her lungs . 
 you can accept that i remained buried alive for an eternity , yet you can not accept that our people exist ? 
 shea bent to pick up the scattered pieces of glass , needing something practical to do while she tried to hold on to her self-control . 
 what was he really saying to her ? 
 that he did not have a blood disorder but was of another race or ... species ? 
 `` we do n't know how long you were there , '' she said uneasily , slowly mopping up the juice . 
 how long ago were you shown the picture of me ? 
 shea dumped the broken glass into the garbage can . 
 `` two years ago , '' she admitted reluctantly . 
 `` the vampire murders occurred seven years ago . 
 they claimed the photos were of those victims . 
 but it would be impossible , totally impossible , for you to have survived that long . 
 that would mean you were buried with a stake through your body for seven years . 
 it 's impossible , jacques . '' 
 she turned to him , her eyes enormous . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 not if i shut down my heart and lungs . 
 my blood would not run , he explained , choosing his words carefully , afraid of upsetting her . 
 it had just the opposite effect . 
 `` you can do that ? 
 really do that ? '' 
 now she was excited . 
 `` you can control your heart rate , slow it down , speed it up ? 
 my god , jacques , this is incredible . 
 there are monks who can do such a thing , but not on the scale you imply . '' 
 i can stop my heart if need be . 
 you can stop yours . 
 `` no , i ca n't . '' 
 she dismissed the idea as nonsense with a wave of a hand . 
 `` but is that really what you did ? 
 stop your heart ? 
 is that how you survived being buried alive ? 
 lord , that must have driven you mad . 
 i do n't know if i can make myself believe this . 
 how did you eat ? 
 you were chained , both hands . '' 
 her thoughts and questions stumbled over one another in her excitement . 
 i woke rarely , only when i sensed blood nearby . 
 i called creatures to me . 
 you must know you can do that . 
 hewas pleased that for once he could give her information . 
 i managed to scratch a hole in the wood to allow them in . 
 shea could call animals to her ; she had been doing it since she was a child . 
 and that talent she and jacques shared accounted for the rat carcasses she had seen buried in the wall with him . 
 `` are you saying there are others who do these things ? '' 
 she hurried to her computer , turning on the generator so she could work . 
 `` what else do you remember ? '' 
 she was so excited , he wanted to give her more information , but as hard as he tried to come up with something , his head simply pounded , and memories eluded him . 
 shea felt his distress , glanced over at him , saw the faint sheen of perspiration beading on his forehead . 
 immediately her eyes-warmed , her mouth curving softly . 
 `` jacques , i 'm sorry . 
 it was thoughtless of me to press you like that . 
 do n't try to think right now . 
 things will come back to you eventually . 
 i 've got plenty to work on right here . 
 you just rest . '' 
 grateful for her compassion , jacques allowed the fragmented pieces of his memory to escape for a while and leave him in peace . 
 he watched with interest as shea took a blood sample from her arm and made several smears on small glass squares . 
 her excitement was so intense , her rush of joy so totally encompassing , that it pushed aside her gnawing hunger . 
 her mind was consumed with facts , hypotheses , and a bombardment of data . 
 all at once she was far away from him , completely absorbed with her work . 
 jacques watched her , reached lazily for the glass on the end table , and swallowed the contents to dull his own terrible hunger . 
 even after an hour of observation he saw that shea remained completely focused on whatever she was doing , concentrating totally on her task . 
 he enjoyed watching her , found her fascinating , every turn of her head , the fringe of her long eyelashes in profile . 
 she often shoved at her hair when she was puzzled . 
 small teeth would worry her full lower lip . 
 her fingers flew on the keyboard , her gaze fastened on the monitor . 
 frequently she would consult notes and several books with a slight , all-too-alluring frown on her face . 
 he found he liked that little frown , the habit she had of biting her lip . 
 every time he recognized hunger beating at her , she seemed to be able to push it aside . 
 just as she had temporarily pushed him aside , out of her thoughts . 
 that actually annoyed him a bit , but he also felt a sense of pride in her . 
 whatever she did , she did wholeheartedly . 
 still , shea was ignoring the danger to herself , so absorbed in her work that she blocked out everything around her . 
 jacques thought about reminding her of the hazards , but instead he opted to remain alert enough to scan their surroundings , slipping in and out of the mortal 's sleep . 
 jacques jerked himself awake four hours later , then cursed at the clumsiness that sent pain spiraling through his body . 
 he felt hunger , weakness , a swaying dizziness . 
 black eyes leapt to shea . 
 she was peering at a notebook , pencil clenched in her teeth . 
 her skin was so pale , it was nearly translucent . 
 the intense emotions in the room were hers , yet she seemed not to notice . 
 her mind fought to merge with his ; he could feel it tuning itself , vibrating with need , but shea was disciplined , strong , and very determined . 
 she brought her thoughts back under control , focusing on her work . 
 he felt a curious melting in the region of his heart . 
 ice-cold hatred and fury , the need for revenge , for retribution , had been the force driving him to live . 
 he had not thought himself capable of tenderness , yet shea managed to bring it out of him . 
 he was first and always a predator . 
 shea was light to his darkness , radiating beauty as if it shone through her skin from her soul . 
 she had introduced gentler emotions to him . 
 she needed a break , rest . 
 most of all she needed to feed . 
 if he was completely honest , he needed her touch , her attention . 
 deliberately , he moaned softly in his mind , his head back , eyes closed . 
 he sensed her instant alertness , her concern . 
 a rustle of papers signaled she had set her notes aside . 
 jacques beat down a sense of triumph , concentrating on the pain that encompassed his battered body . 
 shea glided across the room , not noticing how silent she was , how efficient her body had become , moving with grace and speed . 
 her hand was cool on his forehead , soothing . 
 she brushed back his grimy hair , her touch so soft that his heart ached . 
 she bent to examine his wounds with a professional eye . 
 antibiotics would n't work on him any more than they did on her . 
 perhaps new soil would help . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ca n't take your pain away , jacques . 
 i would if i could . '' 
 her voice was filled with concern , with regret . 
 `` i 'll get you some fresh soil and wash your hair for you . 
 it is n't much , but it can be soothing and might help . '' 
 her fingers were drawn to his mane of hair again , then traced his shadowed jaw in a small caress . 
 both his hands came up , caught her with surprising strength , his black eyes capturing hers so that she felt she was falling forward into those dark , mysterious pools . 
 you have not fed . 
 she could get lost in his gaze for all time . 
 she could hear the sound of her heart tuning itself to his . 
 it was strange yet normal how their hearts seemed to want to beat in the same rhythm . 
 `` i do n't drink human blood . 
 i transfuse if i 'm desperate , but i ca n't make myself drink it , '' she explained quietly . 
 she felt him now , in her mind , his touch calming and gentle . 
 but there was also a hard authority in him . 
 his will was so strong , nothing could resist him when he insisted . 
 she wanted him to understand . 
 `` i am human , jacques . 
 drinking blood is abhorrent to me . '' 
 to try to live for any length of time without feeding is dangerous . 
 you must drink although jacques tried to make it a simple statement of fact , it came out as a soft command . 
 he did n't know where the information came from , only that it was true . 
 it was plain to him she wanted his understanding in this ridiculous regimen she was forcing on herself , but it made no sense to him , and he could not allow such foolishness . 
 he had to find a way to make her realize what she was doing to herself . 
 she smoothed back his hair , the touch of her fingers stirring interesting reactions in his battered body . 
 unaware of what she was doing to him , shea smiled into his eyes . 
 `` i accepted a long time ago i would die if i was unable to find a cure . 
 now , do you want me to wash your hair ? '' 
 his hands tightened on her slender shoulders , pulled her down to him . 
 you know , little red hair , as your lifemate it is my duty to see to your health . 
 my purpose in life is to protect you and see to your needs . 
 you are weak , unable to perform the most basic survival skills . 
 this can not continue . 
 you must use the blood you are supplying to me for yourself there was something magical in his voice . 
 she could listen to it forever . 
 `` there 's very little left . 
 as it is , i 'll have to visit the local blood bank soon . '' 
 she had already used most of her units to try to replace the tremendous volume of blood he had lost . 
 `` really , jacques , do n't worry about me . 
 i do this all the time . '' 
 look at me , little shea . 
 hisvoice dropped an octave . 
 low . 
 compelling . 
 an enticement . 
 his black eyes held her green ones . 
 warmth flooded her mind ; arms surrounded her , held her close . 
 she fell further into deep , dark pools of burning heat . 
 youwill accept my blood , as you are meant to . 
 he gave the command softly , firmly , holding her mind with his . 
 the strength of his will , shaped by centuries of practice and honed by the fires of hell , conquered hers . 
 without hesitation he drew her to his chest , cradling her tenderly in his arms . 
 she seemed so light , so small and fragile . 
 he loved the line of her throat , the satin perfection of her skin , her mouth . 
 with one nail jacques opened a small wound in his heavy muscles , pressed her to him , and felt heat coil unexpectedly deep within him . 
 his gut clenched , and desire shot through him , piercing and sweet . 
 the feel of her mouth on him was erotic . 
 their minds were merged as he held her . 
 it was an intimacy he was unfamiliar with . 
 in the midst of pain and darkness , hatred and rage , she had brought light , compassion , and courage . 
 where there was bleak despair and a weak , empty shell , she had given him the beginnings of strength and power , blossoming hope . 
 where there was endless pain , an eternity of hell , she was bringing beauty , joy , and an intense pleasure he almost could not comprehend . 
 jacques did not want to end their joining , but he needed every drop of blood to try to heal his broken body and mend his fractured mind . 
 he did n't dare allow her to take too much from him . 
 already his hunger was growing . 
 he needed fresh blood , hot and rich , flowing straight from his prey . 
 reluctantly he stopped her , felt flames dance over his skin as her tongue caressed him , closing the wound . 
 for a moment he dropped his head over hers , savoring the closeness of her body , her scent , savoring the beauty of her spirit . 
 he could no longer bear to be alone , separated from her even for a moment . 
 seven years of darkness , of total isolation , of believing she had deliberately allowed , even prolonged , his suffering . 
 to know it was n't true , that , indeed , her courage had saved him , had given him back hope , a chance at living . 
 jacques would never survive her loss . 
 he could not let her out of his sight , out of his mind . 
 he was so fragmented , she alone was holding him together . 
 he released her will slowly , watching her closely , intently , black eyes burning possessively . 
 her long lashes fluttered , and the cloudiness vanished , leaving glittering emeralds behind , flawless and mysterious . 
 cool beauty fired to flashing flame . 
 `` what have you done this time , jacques ? 
 you absolutely can not take care of me . 
 i mean it . 
 you have no idea just how close to death you really are . 
 you can not afford the loss of blood . '' 
 his faint smile was in her mind . 
 you are my lifemate , always in my care . 
 i can do no other than provide what you need . 
 she shook her head slowly . 
 `` what am i going to do with you ? 
 you need every drop of blood we can get our hands on . 
 i 'm used to getting by on tiny amounts . '' 
 getting by is not good enough . 
 hegrowled it at her , black eyes glittering . 
 shea rolled her eyes heavenward . 
 `` at least have the decency to try to look guilty . 
 you need n't be so smug and annoying . '' 
 her fingers found his tangle of hair again , brushed it from his forehead . 
 `` i wonder about you , jacques . 
 where your family is . '' 
 confusion reflected in his eyes , a black void suddenly filled with splintering pain . 
 she caught at his hand , reeling under the impact of her mind sharing , even for a split second , the agony in his . 
 `` stop , jacques . 
 do n't try to force your memory . 
 it will come back as you heal . 
 just relax . 
 i 'll bathe your wounds and wash your hair . 
 it 'll be soothing to you . '' 
 her fingers were soothing on his skin , sending coolness into his burning mind . 
 his body responded , relaxing muscles clenched taut , releasing a bit of the pain wracking him . 
 her touch gave him a flicker of light to follow , hope that the pain would actually end someday . 
 he closed his eyes and gave himself up to her ministrations . 
 the sound of her moving so lightly around the house was comforting . 
 her natural fragrance and the faint aroma of herbs and flowers that drifted from her skin and hair seemed to surround him like arms holding him close . 
 shea touched him gently as she examined his wounds . 
 her sponge seemed to skim over raw , damaged flesh , leaving a curious tingling in its wake . 
 the warm water pouring over his hair as she cradled his head in her arm felt so good , it was almost sensuous . 
 as her fingertips massaged herbal shampoo into his scalp , he concentrated on the feeling , for a few minutes able to push aside his world of pain . 
 `` you have beautiful hair , '' shea said softly , rinsing the suds away with more warm water . 
 her arm was aching with the effort to hold his head up over the plastic basin , but she could sense she was bringing him a measure of peace . 
 she removed the basin , maneuvered a towel onto his pillow , and helped him slide back to his original position . 
 as she dried his hair , her hands lingered in his scalp ; she enjoyed touching him . 
 `` you 're very tired . 
 go back to sleep . '' 
 more blood . 
 the husky , drowsy note echoing in her mind turned her insides soft and warm . 
 without hesitating , shea poured a unit into a glass and busied herself dumping the wash water and mopping up the floor . 
 as she moved past the bed , his hand snaked out , fingers shackling her wrist , drawing her close . 
 `` what ? '' 
 shea perched on the edge of the bed , a faint smile on her face , her eyes soft , even tender , although she was unaware of it . 
 his palm slid up her arm ; strong fingers massaged her aching shoulder . 
 thankyou , little red hair . 
 you make me feel alive again . 
 `` you are alive , jacques , '' she reassured him , smoothing back his hair . 
 `` disrespectful but definitely alive . 
 i do n't know a single physician referred to as ` little red hair . ' '' 
 shea opened the door to the night and inhaled deeply . 
 the amount of information that flooded her was shocking . 
 creatures were roaming the forest , and shea knew the precise location of each animal , from a pack of wolves several miles away to three mice scurrying in the bushes close by . 
 she could hear water roaring in cascading falls and bubbling softly over rocks . 
 the wind played through the trees , the underbrush , and the very leaves on the ground . 
 the stars glittered overhead like millions of jewels radiating prisms of colors . 
 entranced , shea stepped from the cottage , leaving the door open to allow the odor of blood and sweat and pain to seep outside , to be replaced with clean , fresh air . 
 she could hear the sap running like blood in the trees . 
 every plant had a special scent , a vivid color . 
 it was as if she had been reborn into a whole new world . 
 she lifted her face to the stars , drawing air into her lungs , relaxing for the first time in forty-eight hours . 
 an owl slipped silently through the sky , its wingspan incredibly long , each feather iridescent to her new sight . 
 the sheer wonder of it drew her toward the deep woods . 
 droplets of water sparkled like diamonds on moss-covered rocks . 
 the moss itself looked like emeralds scattered along the winding stream and up the trunks of trees . 
 she had never seen anything so beautiful in her life . 
 her mind , as always , processed the data flooding into her brain . 
 it was all a huge jigsaw puzzle , but the pieces were beginning to fit themselves together . 
 she had been born to a woman who ate food and walked in the sunshine . 
 yet she - and others - displayed decided differences in sensitivities , metabolism , nutritional requirements . 
 it was impossible to believe that the vampire legends were true . 
 but could there be a separate race of people with incredible gifts who needed to drink blood to survive ? 
 could they live incredibly long lives , survive the unthinkable , be able to control their hearts and lungs ? 
 their bodies would have to process everything differently . 
 their organs would have to be different . 
 everything would be different . 
 shea shoved at her hair . 
 her tongue swept her lower lip , teeth biting nervously . 
 it was something out of a fairy tale . 
 or a horror film . 
 impossible . 
 was n't it ? 
 a man could not survive seriously wounded , buried seven years in the earth . 
 no way . 
 it could n't happen . 
 but she had found him . 
 it was n't a lie . 
 she had uncovered him herself . 
 so how could one 's sanity remain after seven years of being buried alive , of being in agony every moment ? 
 her mind shied away from that question . 
 she did n't want to dwell on it . 
 and what was happening to her body ? 
 she was different . 
 many changes had started seven years ago , with sudden pain driving her to the point of unconsciousness . 
 that episode had never been explained . 
 then the nightmares , so persistent , so relentless , never giving her a moment 's peace , had started . 
 jacques . 
 always jacques . 
 the picture , two years ago , the human butchers had shown her . 
 the seventh one . 
 jacques . 
 something drawing her , calling her insistently to that horrible place of torture and cruelty . 
 to jacques . 
 they had to be connected . 
 somehow , some way . 
 intellectually it seemed impossible . 
 by every standard she knew it was impossible . 
 yet was n't her very existence strange ? 
 her need to transfuse blood was n't psychosomatic ; she had tried everything to overcome it . 
 so maybe there was another explanation , one her human mind and prejudices could not comprehend , even with the facts in front of her . 
 shea ! 
 thecall was loud , a flood of fear and confusion , an impression of strangling , of darkness and pain . 
 i 'm here , jacques . 
 she sent her answer back so easily it startled her . 
 to reassure him , she tried to fill her mind with every beautiful thing she saw . 
 come back to me . 
 i need you . 
 she smiled at the demand in his voice ; her heart somersaulted at the raw truth in his voice . 
 he never tried to hide anything from her , not even his elemental fear of her leaving him to face the darkness alone . 
 spoiled brat . 
 she sent it tenderly . 
 there 's no need to sound like the lord of the manor . 
 i 'll be right in . 
 there was no reasonable explanation for the joy flooding her at the touch of his mind lingering possessively in hers . 
 she shied away from looking at that one too closely , too . 
 just come to me . 
 hewas more relaxed now , beating back his fear of isolation . 
 i do not want to wake alone . 
 i do need an occasional break . 
 how was i supposed to know you would wake at this precise moment ? 
 she was teasing him . 
 warmth curled in the pit of his stomach . 
 he had no memory of such a thing before shea . 
 there was no life before shea . 
 there had been only ugliness . 
 his world had been torment and hell . 
 he found himself smiling . 
 of course you should know when i wake . 
 it is your duty . 
 i should have known you would think that way . 
 shea laughed aloud as she raced across the rough terrain back to the cabin , reveling in her ability to do so , at the sudden surge of strength she had never before experienced . 
 for just a brief moment a heavy weight seemed lifted from her shoulders , and she knew carefree happiness . 
 jacques found he could n't take her eyes from her . 
 she looked so beautiful , her red hair tangled and wild , just begging for a man 's fingers to straighten it . 
 her eyes were sparkling as she came across the room to his side . 
 `` are you feeling any better ? '' 
 as always she examined his wounds to see for herself if he was making progress . 
 he lifted a hand , needing to touch the silk of her hair . 
 much . 
 it was a blatant lie , and she scowled at him . 
 `` is that so ? 
 i 'm beginning to think you need a monitor like we have for newborns . 
 i want you to lie quietly . 
 i can tell you 've been squirming around again . '' 
 i have nightmares . 
 hisblack eyes never left her face , burning his brand into her heart . 
 no one had the right to have eyes like his . 
 hungry eyes . 
 eyes that held fire and the promise of passion . 
 `` we 'll have to do something about them , '' shea said with a slight smile . 
 she hoped her own eyes were n't revealing her confused , unfamiliar feelings for him . 
 she would get over them soon ; it was just that he was the sexiest thing she had ever encountered . 
 no one had ever needed her as he did . 
 not even her own mother . 
 jacques had a way of looking at her as if his life , the very air he breathed , depended solely on her . 
 intellectually she knew that any living person would really do for him , but she wrapped herself up in his hunger and fire anyway . 
 for this time in her life , when she was alone and hunted , near the end of her endurance , and coping with many bizarre happenings , she would enjoy this unique experience . 
 his black eyes smoldered , a velvet seduction . 
 i need a dream to rid myself of nightmares . 
 she backed away from him holding a palm outward to ward him off . 
 `` just you keep your ideas to yourself , '' she warned . 
 `` you have that devil 's look , the one that says no woman is safe . '' 
 that is not true , shea , hedenied , the hard edge of his mouth softening into temptation . 
 only one woman . 
 you . 
 she laughed at him . 
 `` i think i 'm very grateful you 're in no condition to move around . 
 the sun is coming up , and i have to secure the cottage for daylight . 
 go back to sleep . 
 i 'll be here when you wake up . '' 
 shea patted the one comfortable chair she had . 
 you will lie beside me where you should be , heinformed her . 
 shea carefully closed the shutters on the windows and fastened them . 
 she was always cautious in locking her home . 
 during the day she was very vulnerable . 
 already she could feel her body slowing , becoming heavier , more tired . 
 i want you to lie beside me . 
 his voice was a sinful caress , enticing , insistent . 
 `` i think you can manage all by yourself , '' she answered , refusing to look into his dark , hypnotic eyes . 
 instead , she shut off her computer and the generator and locked the door . 
 i have nightmares , little red hair . 
 the only way to keep them at bay is to have you close beside me . 
 hesounded very earnest , innocent , hopeful . 
 shea found herself smiling as she poured him another unit of blood . 
 she was beginning to think the devil himself had shown up at her doorstep . 
 jacques was temptation incarnate . 
 `` i removed a stake from your heart just a couple of nights ago , and you have a major wound there . 
 if i move around while i sleep , i could easily bump into you and start it bleeding again . 
 you would n't want that , would you ' ? '' 
 he took the container from her hand , his fingers curling around the glass precisely over the spot where her fingers had been . 
 he did things like that , intimate things that sent butterfly wings brushing deep within her . 
 not my heart , shea . 
 they did not get me in the heart , as they should have . 
 it is here within my body can you not hear it ? 
 your heart beats with the same rhythm so that it matches mine . 
 `` were you a playboy before they buried you ' ? '' 
 she asked him , tossing a mischievous grin over her shoulder . 
 shea checked her gun to make certain it was clean and loaded . 
 `` you need to drink that , jacques , not just hold it . 
 and then go back to sleep . 
 the more rest you get , the faster you 'll heal . '' 
 you persist in being my doctor when i so need my lifemate to come and lie beside me . 
 again his voice was temptation itself . 
 `` drink , jacques . '' 
 she tried to sound stern , but it was impossible when he was looking so desperate for her company . 
 i am desperate . 
 she could n't help but shake her head . 
 `` you 're outrageous . '' 
 he made an attempt to raise the glass to his mouth , but his arm wobbled . 
 icannot lift this without your aid , shea . 
 i am too weak . 
 `` am i supposed to believe you ' ? '' 
 she laughed aloud but crossed to his side . 
 `` you were strong enough to lift me off my feet with one hand when i found you . 
 do n't give me that poor-little-boy look , jacques , because it wo n't work . '' 
 but it was working . 
 he needed to feel her touch , the brush of her fingers in his hair , and she stroked his thick mane without conscious thought . 
 her fingers lingered as if she enjoyed the sensation as much as he did . 
 jacques took the gun from her hand and pulled her down beside him , as hungry for the feel of her warmth beside him as he was for the sustenance she provided . 
 her scent drifted to him - the forest , the flowers , and the night air itself . 
 he wrapped an arm around her and held her to him . 
 she relaxed , allowing her eyelashes to drift down . 
 shea slept fitfully , her body cumbersome in the light of the day . 
 jacques lay beside her , motionless , his arm a heavy weight curved possessively around her waist . 
 several times she struggled to surface during the afternoon hours , but it was an impossibility . 
 once she heard a noise outside the cabin , and her heart pounded in alarm , but she was unable to summon up enough energy to do more than clutch the gun beneath the pillow tightly . 
 she knew she was responsible for their safety , yet she could n't pry her eyes open or force herself to rise and check around the cabin to ensure no one was near . 
 the sun had long since sunk beneath the mountains before shea managed to rouse herself . 
 hunger was a gnawing , relentless ache , but the thought of food made her stomach heave . 
 she struggled to sit up , far weaker than she had ever been . 
 she pushed a hand through her heavy fall of wine-red hair . 
 jacques ' fingers circled her arm , slid the length from shoulder to wrist . 
 she was small and delicate , yet she had such inner strength . 
 it amazed him how brave and courageous she was , how compassionate . 
 he found her intriguing , mysterious even . 
 the world as he knew it had begun seven years earlier : pain , isolation , and darkness . 
 the monster in him had grown , eclipsed his soul . 
 at first he had had no emotion at all , simply a will that would never die , an icy determination , a promise of retribution made in exchange for his lost soul . 
 he would find them - the betrayer , the human assassins - and he would destroy them . 
 but once he had found his lifemate , despite the distance that separated them , he had begun to feel . 
 to smolder with a black fury that would never cease until he had found a way to retaliate for the loss of his soul . 
 every emotion he possessed was dark and ugly . 
 until shea had changed him . 
 since the moment he had merged his mind with hers , he had stayed there in that haven , a part of her , a shadow so quiet she did n't always know he was there . 
 he could not bear to be away from her . 
 jacques ' fist tangled in her thick , luxurious hair . 
 she stirred things in him he had no name for . 
 he would never endure closed-in places again , never endure being alone again . 
 and he would never allow shea to place herself at risk . 
 silently cursing his weakened body , he brought the silken strands of her hair to his face , inhaling her fragrance . 
 `` i 'm so tired , jacques , '' she confessed , swaying slightly as she sat on the side of the bed . 
 she found it strange to have someone to talk to , to wake up and not be alone . 
 shea should have been uncomfortable in the situation - she had never shared her life with anyone - yet with jacques there was a weird familiarity , as if she had known him forever . 
 her life had always been one of isolation , a certain distance always present between herself and others . 
 jacques had no respect for that barrier , slipping in and out of her head as if he belonged there . 
 his touch was possessive , even intimate . 
 shea was bewildered by her own feelings , by her acceptance of their strange affinity . 
 she was excited at her rare scientific find , perhaps holding an answer to the terrible disease that branded those so afflicted as nosferatu , unclean . 
 the undead . 
 her kind was condemned to a life of hiding and loathing , always living in fear of being discovered . 
 it was important to find out whether they were a separate species or whether some rare genetic code had given them a need for blood to sustain their lives . 
 shea studied jacques ' worn but handsome face . 
 he looked young , yet ageless . 
 he looked tormented , as if he had suffered greatly , yet he looked like stone . 
 she could see the power in him now ; it clung like a second skin . 
 biting her lip , she drew away from him , her emerald eyes thoughtful . 
 the strength and power in him was growing . 
 his body might be mending slowly , but his unusual capabilities seemed to be recovering at a much faster rate . 
 it occurred to her that she should be afraid of the creature now lying motionless in her bed . 
 it was apparent that he could be extraordinarily dangerous , was capable of extreme violence . 
 especially with his mind so fractured , his rage so deep . 
 jacques sighed . 
 i do not like that you fear me , shea . 
 `` if you would n't persist in reading my thoughts , jacques , '' she said gently , afraid she had hurt him , `` then you would n't have to see these things i worry about . 
 you are capable of violence . 
 you can not deny it . 
 i see it in you . '' 
 she stood up with a return of her quick , restless energy , and he allowed her silken hair to slide through his fingers . 
 with half-closed eyes , jacques watched the transparent thoughts slipping across her expressive face . 
 shea was incapable of subterfuge . 
 what she was , who she was , was an open book . 
 `` i did n't think things through , you know . 
 i just rushed out and rescued you . 
 i caused you great suffering . '' 
 her large green eyes fastened on his face . 
 storm clouds gathered instantly when she felt his faint , mocking amusement echoing through her mind . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's so funny ? 
 some idiot tried to put a stake through your heart , and he did n't even hit the darn thing ! '' 
 for which i am grateful . 
 and i am even more grateful that you rescued me . 
 i did not like being imprisoned and in such pain . 
 `` i guess i 'm glad i rescued you , too , but the truth is , jacques , i have watched you healing faster than is possible . 
 you 're even more dangerous now . 
 you are , are n't you ? '' 
 never to you , he denied . 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` is that strictly the truth ? 
 i 've been in your head , too , remember . '' 
 she had touched his mind and had recoiled at the seething cauldron of raw violence and black fury often swirling within him . 
 `` sometimes i can even read you as well as you read me . 
 you have no idea what you 're doing half the time . 
 you have no idea who you are . '' 
 perhaps not , shea , but i know you are my lifemate . 
 i could not harm you now . 
 hisface remained granite , his eyes dark and ice cold . 
 she was right . 
 he was dangerous . 
 he knew it in his soul . 
 his mind was not to be trusted . 
 her presence kept him tranquil , calm , but his mind was a maze of dark , deadly trails . 
 he had no idea if he would be able to distinguish reality from nightmare if their delicately balanced world tilted in any way . 
 his black eyes went a glittering obsidian , and he looked away from her , ashamed . 
 he should allow her to leave , give her her freedom , but he could not . 
 she was his only sanity , his only path to the surface from the hellish nightmare he lived in . 
 ihave sworn to protect you , shea . 
 i can only promise it is in my heart to do so . 
 shea stepped away from the bed , suddenly close to tears . 
 he was in a treacherous labyrinth ; he walked a fine line between sanity and a world she did not want to try to comprehend . 
 `` i will protect you , jacques . 
 you have my solemn word , i wo n't let you down . 
 i 'll see you through this until you 're right again . '' 
 and then ? 
 hisblack gaze slid lazily over her . 
 do you intend to leave me , shea ? 
 you save me , and then you think to desert me ? 
 there was a kind of dark humor in his voice , a secret amusement that stirred something in her she had n't known existed . 
 something that went beyond fear . 
 terror . 
 her chin tilted a little belligerently . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 of course i wo n't desert you . 
 i 'll stay with you and see you through this . 
 we 'll find your family . '' 
 it was too late . 
 even if she attempted to put distance between them , she could not break their bond . 
 his blood ran in her veins ; his mind was familiar with the path to hers . 
 their souls called to one another . 
 hearts were following , and it was only matter of time before he possessed her body . 
 running would not save either of them . 
 jacques knew it with a certainty with which he knew few other things . 
 but imparting the knowledge to her would frighten her more . 
 his heart twisted , a funny somersault . 
 his shea feared death far less than she feared personal commitment . 
 she really had no idea they were already bound together . 
 she would need him , need him close , need him touching her in her mind , in her body . 
 i feel your need to perform the human functions you seem to enjoy . 
 go bathe . 
 i am in no hurry to have you examine my wounds . 
 shea blinked once , her green eyes thoughtful before she turned away to disappear into the other room . 
 he was making an attempt to put her at ease , but it sent a chill through her . 
 his voice held some note , one she realized was beginning to emerge more and more , one she found disturbing . 
 it was possessive , holding complete authority . 
 she had the feeling jacques was slowly taking over her life . 
 he was in her thoughts , in her head . 
 he was everywhere , and she was allowing it to happen . 
 jacques lay quietly , staring up at the ceiling . 
 shea was worried about the way she responded to him . 
 her brain intrigued him , the way she addressed every problem from a scientific or intellectual angle rather than an emotional one . 
 he felt the smile that wanted to tug at the corners of his mouth . 
 he knew her thoroughly ; he spent more time in her mind than out of it . 
 he was taking no chances on losing her . 
 she had been trying to reassure him with talk of his family . 
 he had no family other than shea . 
 he wanted no other , needed no other . 
 she had n't accepted her role as yet . 
 half of her persisted in looking at him as a patient . 
 she was a healer first , a researcher second . 
 he was in her mind . 
 he knew very well she never entertained the idea of a long-term arrangement . 
 she did n't expect to live long , let alone share her life with anyone . 
 the idea was so foreign to her nature , she could n't yet conceive of it . 
 he listened to the water running in the other room , knew it sprayed over her bare skin . 
 his body stirred uncomfortably , the beginnings of an unrelenting ache . 
 it amazed him that his body was coming back to life , that he could feel signs of sexual awareness . 
 he had a vague feeling he had not known such a thing in many centuries , let alone with his body so battered and his mind so fragmented . 
 shea had given him back life . 
 more than life . 
 more than existing . 
 he could n't wait to see the smile on her face , the way her hair was always such a flyaway mess begging for his attention . 
 he loved to watch every gesture she made , every movement and turn of her head . 
 he liked the way her brain worked , focused and absolute , the way her mind was filled with humor and compassion . 
 jacques cursed the weakness of his body . 
 he needed fresh blood desperately . 
 he stilled his mind and body , calling on all of his reserve strength . 
 he lifted a hand , concentrated , and focused on the cabin door . 
 pain beat in his head . 
 fire raced along his wounds . 
 cursing , he slumped back against the pillows . 
 he could use physical powers , yet when he called on his mind for the simplest task , he could not perform it . 
 he smelled her first , her clean fragrance , the scent of flowers drifting from her hair . 
 she had rushed in to the room so silently he had not actually heard the sound of her bare feet on the floor , but his mind never completely separated itself from hers , and he knew the exact moment she had caught up a towel and run to him . 
 `` what is it , jacques , did you try to move , tear something open ? '' 
 there was anxiety in her voice , but her touch was coolly professional as she examined his wounds . 
 the towel was large , a pale peach sheath of cotton encasing her slender body . 
 as she bent over him , a bead of water ran from her shoulder across the swell of her breast to disappear beneath the towel . 
 jacques watched the little bead of moisture and suddenly was incredibly thirsty . 
 her eyelashes were ridiculously long , her lush mouth set in a slight frown as she searched her small , precise stitches for signs of damage . 
 she was so incredibly beautiful , she took his breath away . 
 `` jacques ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 her voice whispered over him like a caress . 
 no memories , no abilities . 
 the simplest task is impossible . 
 histhumb feathered gently back and forth along the inside of her wrist . 
 `` you 'll heal , jacques . 
 do n't be impatient . 
 if you need something , i can get it for you . '' 
 his thumb was sending butterflies winging through her stomach . 
 it amazed her that she was so susceptible to his charm . 
 she just was n't like that . 
 although his harshly sensual features remained a mask , something inside him melted , and he felt a leap of joy . 
 he wanted to smile in spite of everything . 
 the pain ceased to matter , his shattered memories and impotent body were merely inconveniences he would eventually get over . 
 shea mattered . 
 open the door for me that i might breathe the night , he said and tried not to devour her with his eyes . 
 he was well aware she was beginning to see that no one - certainly not shea with her gentle , compassionate nature - could oppose his will , a will honed in the fires of hell . 
 she did as he asked . 
 `` you did n't try to get up , did you ? 
 you ca n't , jacques . 
 you 'll do too much damage . 
 and if you keep adding scar tissue , you 'll end up looking like frankenstein . '' 
 he had closed his eyes to inhale the fresh , clean night air . 
 carpathians never scar . 
 it came out of nowhere . 
 he was elated he remembered something . 
 he was even elated he remembered frankenstein . 
 her eyebrows shot up . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 then what 's that thin line around your throat ? 
 i barely caught it , but it 's there . '' 
 his black eyes snapped open , a merciless fury burning there . 
 shea stepped away from him quickly , her heart pounding . 
 she could actually see red flames burning in the depths of his eyes . 
 he looked like a demon , an invincible predator . 
 the impression was so strong that she brought a protective hand to her throat to cover the evidence of the ragged wounds there . 
 jacques was unaware of shea , the room , even his own weak body . 
 the sensation of battle was strong in him . 
 he touched the uneven , faint white scar curving around his jugular . 
 the impression of danger was so strong , he felt the beast in him rage for release . 
 fangs exploded in his mouth , and his nails began to lengthen . 
 his muscles rippled and contracted , and his power and enormous strength bonded briefly with his will . 
 a slow , venomous hiss escaped him . 
 then the pain in his body from muscles waiting for release made him aware of lying helpless in a bed . 
 he dimly remembered a woman 's anxious face , tears swimming in her large blue eyes . 
 he should know her . 
 he should know . 
 fists clenched , and he welcomed the exploding pain that drove the fragment of memory from his mind . 
 shea saw his hands come up , clutch at his head to try to stop the pain . 
 instantly she was back at his side , soothing fingers brushing at the hair spilling across his forehead . 
 `` jacques , stop tormenting yourself . 
 it will all come back to you . 
 believe me , i know what i 'm talking about . 
 things are already coming back . '' 
 shea padded across the room to her dresser and pulled out fresh clothes . 
 `` you persist in thinking your body can instantly set aside the trauma it suffered . 
 it needs rest to repair itself , rest and care . 
 so does your mind . '' 
 i can not do the things i must . 
 i remember nothing , yet i feel there are things important to both of us i need to know . 
 she smiled at his frustration . 
 jacques was a man unused to being ill or injured . 
 `` you referred to yourself as a carpathian . 
 you know you 're from this mountain range . 
 you remembered that . '' 
 she moved into the other room . 
 he could hear the sound of her dressing , the whisper of silk panties and cotton jeans sliding over her bare legs . 
 his body clenched , burned , the rush of heat adding to his discomfort . 
 `` jacques ? '' 
 her voice was so soft , playing along his skin and nerve endings like the touch of fingers . 
 `` please do n't be discouraged . 
 technically , you should be dead . 
 you beat all the odds . '' 
 she moved back into the room , towel-drying her hair . 
 `` you thought i was one of your people . 
 a carpathian . 
 who are they ? 
 can you remember ? '' 
 i am carpathian . 
 we are immortal . 
 we can ... he stopped , the information eluding him . 
 shea leaned against the wall , regarding him with fascinated awe . 
 her mouth was suddenly dry ; her heart slammed hard against her chest . 
 `` what are you saying , jacques ? 
 you live forever ? '' 
 what was he ? 
 and why was she beginning to believe him ? 
 seven years buried alive . 
 surviving on the blood of rats . 
 she had seen the red glow in his eyes on more than one occasion . 
 she felt his impossible strength , even injured as severely as he was . 
 her hands , clutching the towel , were trembling so much , she put them behind her back . 
 vampire . 
 the word came unbidden to her mind . 
 `` it is n't true , '' she denied in a whisper . 
 `` it 's impossible . 
 i am not anything like that . 
 i wo n't believe you . '' 
 shea . 
 hisvoice was calm , tranquil , as she became more agitated . 
 he needed all his memories , not these shattered bits and pieces that frustrated him so . 
 `` jacques , you might be a vampire . 
 i 'm so confused , i 'll almost believe anything . 
 but i am not like that . '' 
 she was talking more to herself than to him . 
 every horrible tale of vampires ever told rose up to haunt her . 
 her hand crept up to her neck as she recalled the vicious way he had taken her blood the first time they had met . 
 he 'd nearly killed her . 
 `` you did n't because you needed me to help you , '' she said suddenly , softly . 
 it did n't occur to her that she had become so accustomed to his reading her mind , she simply accepted that he would know what she was talking about . 
 was he controlling her all the time ? 
 could n't vampires do that ? 
 jacques watched her closely , his body motionless , his icy black eyes unblinking . 
 he could taste her fear in his mouth , feel it beat at him in his mind . 
 even while she was afraid , her brain processed information at a remarkable rate . 
 the way she shoved emotion aside to concentrate on the intellectual was a protection . 
 he had given her a glimpse of the darkness in him , the violence . 
 it was something that was as natural to him as breathing . 
 sooner or later she would have to face what and who he really was . 
 shea felt caught in the trap of his merciless , empty black eyes , like a mesmerized rabbit . 
 as frozen as she was , her body wanted to move toward him , as if under a strange compulsion . 
 `` answer me , jacques . 
 you know everything i 'm thinking . 
 answer me . '' 
 after seven years of pain and starvation , little red hair , after torment and suffering , i thought to take your blood . 
 `` my life , '' she corrected bravely , needing all the pieces of the puzzle . 
 he stared relentlessly , the watchful eyes of a predator . 
 shea twisted her fingers together in agitation . 
 he looked a stranger , an invincible being with no real emotion , only a hard resolve and a killer 's instincts . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` you needed me . '' 
 i had no thought but to feed . 
 my body recognized yours before my mind did . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 once i recognized you as my lifemate , my first thought was to punish you for leaving me in torment , then bind you to me for eternity . 
 therewas no apology , only a waiting . 
 shea sensed danger , but she did not back down . 
 `` how did you bind me to you ? '' 
 the exchange of our blood . 
 her heart slammed painfully . 
 `` what does that mean , exactly ? '' 
 the blood bond is strong . 
 i am in your mind , as you are in mine . 
 it is impossible for us to lie to one another . 
 i feel your emotions and know your thoughts as you do mine . 
 she shook her head in denial . 
 `` that may be true for you , but not for me . 
 i feel your pain at times , but i never know your thoughts . '' 
 that is because you choose not to merge with me . 
 your mind seeks the touch and reassurance of mine often , yet you refuse to allow it , so i merge with you to prevent your discomfort . 
 shea could not deny the truth in his words . 
 often she felt her mind tuning itself to his , reaching out for him . 
 disturbed by the unwanted and unfamiliar need , she always imposed a strict discipline on herself . 
 it was unconscious on her part , something she did automatically for self-protection . 
 jacques , within minutes of her need arising , always reached for her to merge them . 
 she took a deep breath , let it out slowly . 
 `` you seem to know more about what is happening here than i do , jacques . 
 tell me . '' 
 lifemates are bound together for all eternity . 
 one can not exist without the other . 
 we balance one another . 
 you are the light to my darkness . 
 we must share one another often . 
 her face paled . 
 her legs weakened . 
 she sat down abruptly on the floor . 
 hermother . 
 all of her life she had condemned her mother for living a shadow existence . 
 if jacques was telling the truth , and something in her feared he was , had this happened to her mother ? 
 had jacques sentenced shea to the same terrible fate ? 
 shea 's hand found the wall . 
 using it as a support , she pulled herself up . 
 `` i refuse to buy into this . 
 i am not your lifemate . 
 i made no commitment , nor will i. '' she began edging along the wall toward the door . 
 shea , do not ! 
 itwas no plea , rather an imperious command , his harsh features an implacable mask . 
 `` i wo n't let you do this to me . 
 i do n't care if you are a vampire . 
 you can make the choice to kill me , jacques , because there is no other way . '' 
 you have no conception of power , shea , its uses or misuses . 
 hisvoice was a soft menace , the tone sending a shiver down her spine . 
 do not defy me . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` my mother 's life was a waste and my childhood hell . 
 if the man who was my father was like you and somehow bound her to him , then abandoned her - '' she broke off , took a deep breath to regain control . 
 `` i 'm strong , jacques . 
 no one is going to own me or control me or abuse me . 
 i will not kill myself over a man 's desertion . 
 nor would i ever leave my child alone in the world while i withdrew and became an empty shell . '' 
 jacques could feel the hurt she had suffered as a child . 
 her memories were stark and ugly . 
 she had been utterly alone and in need of support and guidance . 
 like any child , she had blamed herself for her isolation . 
 on some level she thought she was not lovable , too different to be loved . 
 the child had retreated from her emotions - it was unsafe there - and had trained her intellect to take over when she was frightened or threatened in any way . 
 she stepped backward out the door , her eyes still locked with his . 
 jacques made an effort to tamp down his dark fury , the promise of retaliation , but it was impossible to hide the swirling emotions from her . 
 she was too close , too aware of him now . 
 jacques simply withdrew from her , silently . 
 he turned his face away from her . 
 shea whirled and ran , tears for her mother , tears for herself , running down her face . 
 she never cried , never . 
 she had learned a long time ago that tears never helped . 
 why had she been so foolish as to think she could tamper with things she did n't understand ? 
 she ran fast , her body sleek and streamlined , making a silent dash over rotting logs and moss-covered boulders . 
 it took some time to realize she was barefoot , and never once had either foot come down on a dry branch or small rock . 
 she seemed to skim over the ground rather than pound on it . 
 her lungs were fine , no fierce burning for oxygen . 
 there was only hunger , sharp and gnawing , growing with each step she took . 
 shea slowed to a steady lope , lifting her face to the stars . 
 everything was so intensely beautiful . 
 the wind carried scents , stories . 
 fox kits in a den , two deer nearby , a rabbit in the brush . 
 she stopped abruptly beside a small stream . 
 she had to have a plan . 
 running away like a wild animal was totally ridiculous . 
 her hands found the trunk of a tree , fingertips feeling each whorl , hearing the sap running like blood , the very life of the tree . 
 she knew each insect invading it , making its home in the wood . 
 she sank down in the soft soil , guilt washing over her . 
 she had left him alone , unprotected . 
 she had not fed him . 
 her forehead slipped into her open palms . 
 everything was so crazy . 
 nothing added up . 
 hunger ate at her like an insidious monster , and she could hear the heartbeats of the animals in the forest beckoning . 
 vampire . 
 wasthere such a creature ? 
 was she such a creature ? 
 jacques took blood from her so easily , in so practiced a manner . 
 she knew what was in him ; he could be utterly cold and merciless , raging with venomous fury . 
 it never showed on his face or in the way he talked to her , but it was there , seething below the surface . 
 shea picked up a stone and threw it toward the bubbling stream . 
 jacques . 
 what was she going to do about him ? 
 her body rippled with discomfort , her mind with unease . 
 she had an overwhelming urge to reach out to him , to assure herself he was all right . 
 her mind was trying to comprehend , to believe the impossible . 
 he was a creature far different from a human being . 
 she was n't like him , but her father must have been . 
 `` what are you thinking , shea ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` a vampire ? 
 you think this man is an honest-to-god vampire ? 
 you 're losing your mind . '' 
 a shudder shook her slender frame . 
 jacques had said blood exchanges bound them together . 
 had he somehow managed to make her completely like him ? 
 shea 's tongue ran along the inside of her mouth , explored her teeth . 
 they seemed the same , small and straight . 
 hunger burned , rose sharp and voracious . 
 at once she could hear the heartbeat of a small rabbit . 
 her heart sang with exultation . 
 a fierce , predatory joy rushed through her , and she turned toward her prey . 
 against her tongue , fangs exploded , sharp incisors , hungry and waiting . 
 jacques knew the precise moment shea discovered the truth . 
 her heart beat frantically ; her silent cry of denial echoed through his mind . 
 she believed herself to be vampire . 
 she believed him vampire . 
 what else could she possibly deduce with so little information ? 
 her thoughts were desperate , even life threatening . 
 he lay very still , gathered his strength should it be needed to stop any foolish decision she might make . 
 he simply waited , monitoring her thoughts and the telltale signs of her body . 
 to be alone was a kind of agony in itself . 
 jacques would not have been able to bear it if his mind was not a shadow dwelling in hers . 
 sweat broke out , bathing his skin in a fine film . 
 his every instinct was to force her back to his side , and he was gaining strength daily now . 
 but a part of him wanted her to return to him on her own . 
 what had she said to him ? 
 her mother was irish . 
 shea did not believe she was like him . 
 what if she had n't been ? 
 what if he had inadvertently turned her ? 
 jacques had never considered that possibility . 
 their bond was strong . 
 it had crossed man 's boundaries . 
 jacques had assumed he had known her all of his existence , long before the betrayer had delivered him into the hands of the two human butchers and into madness , into the absence of memory . 
 his suffering , his agony , had been hers . 
 he had felt her with him . 
 he was n't mistaken about that . 
 he had been certain he had always known her , that she was his lifemate . 
 when she did not come for him , his every waking moment had been spent gathering his strength to bend her will to his in his eternity of hell . 
 what if she had been human ? 
 he had been carelessly cruel that first day , wanting her bound to him , under his domination . 
 jacques called on his fragmented memories . 
 three blood exchanges . 
 psychic ability . 
 a human possessing psychic ability might be converted under the right conditions if three blood exchanges were made . 
 he closed his eyes against the guilt and remorse sweeping through his head . 
 if she were human , that would explain her strange feeding habits , her human ways . 
 she never took necessary precautions , never scanned before leaving the cabin . 
 she did n't know how . 
 she had said she could not shut down her heart and lungs . 
 she never slept the rejuvenating sleep of a carpathian . 
 he cursed himself eloquently . 
 the night she had been so sick , her body had gone through the conversion . 
 there was no other explanation . 
 she had believed she 'd contracted a very virulent strain of the flu . 
 he loathed himself for his inability to remember important information . 
 it came only in fragments , and she was suffering because of his ignorance . 
 shea 's bond with him had been so strong , it had never occurred to him that she was not carpathian . 
 he thought her courageous as a carpathian woman to dare venture into his prison and save him . 
 it was nearly impossible to believe a human female had been so compassionate and brave to return to his gravesite after the callous way he had treated her . 
 she had been terrified , yet she had returned to him . 
 a scent drifted in with the night breeze . 
 game , fairly close . 
 it was n't human , but the fresh , living nourishment would help . 
 if he could feed enough , he could safely make an exchange and try to keep shea alive . 
 she was refusing food . 
 or perhaps not refusing . 
 perhaps she was unable to feed . 
 he focused , inhaled deeply , and sent forth a call . 
 closer , closer , on the porch , the first step into the cabin . 
 first one , a doe , usually a shy and skittish animal , padded across the floor to the side of the bed , her dark , liquid eyes fixed on him . 
 a second doe and then a third followed , bunched together , awaiting his attention . 
 hunger rose . 
 sharp fangs exploded into his mouth , and he seized the first doe with his enormous strength , found the artery pulsing in the neck . 
 the wildness grew in him , rushed through him , and he welcomed it . 
 hot blood , pulsing with life , sweet and powerful , poured into his depleted system , swelling shriveled cells . 
 he drank greedily , his hunger insatiable , his mutilated body craving the dark liquid of life . 
 shea lifted her face to the stars , felt the tears on her cheeks . 
 her throat was raw and burning , her chest tight . 
 if her father had been one such as jacques , contaminating her blood , jacques had finished what her parent had started . 
 she had n't mixed up her blood samples with jacques ' because she had been so tired . 
 her blood matched his exactly . 
 she made an effort to control her trembling . 
 she needed to think ; it was her only salvation . 
 her brain could overcome any problem . 
 she breathed deeply , calming herself as she always did in any threatening situation . 
 at once she thought of jacques alone and helpless in the cabin . 
 she could n't desert him . 
 she would never leave him when he was so helpless . 
 she would set things up for him so he could survive on his own . 
 she would no longer eat or drink anything other than water . 
 she could n't take any chances until she was certain what she was dealing with . 
 she wandered downstream , away from the cabin . 
 she felt very alone . 
 this time her mind insisted she had to reach out to him . 
 she needed his warmth , the reassurance of his touch . 
 shea turned that thought over . 
 jacques obviously was telling her the truth . 
 she had been alone her entire life . 
 she had not needed anyone , least of all a creature whose mind was shattered , whose nature was that of a killer . 
 yet she had to know he was not suffering , that nothing had happened to him while she was gone . 
 deliberately she waded into the stream , the ice-cold water shocking her , numbing her body but not her mind . 
 imposing her will , strong and disciplined through a childhood of isolation , shea resisted merging with him . 
 the water was so cold , she could no longer feel her feet , but it helped to clear her head somewhat . 
 jacques released the third deer and inhaled sharply . 
 shea was strong-willed . 
 he knew she would try her best to resist their bond . 
 her childhood had been hell , yet she had survived , and it had shaped her into a strong , brilliant , courageous woman . 
 he longed to calm her , to reassure her , but knew she would not welcome his intrusion . 
 she had reason to fear him . 
 he remembered so few things . 
 betrayal . 
 pain . 
 rage . 
 he had been so clumsy in his handling of her conversion , in his handling of everything . 
 the deer stirred , stumbled to their feet , and , wobbling unsteadily , plodded out to the freedom of the forest . 
 jacques would have finished them off , utilized every drop of life-giving nourishment he could , but shea would have thought him a monster . 
 his body tuned itself to hers , craved the sight and scent of her , the touch of her . 
 perhaps he was a monster . 
 he really did n't know anything other than that he needed shea . 
 shea wandered aimlessly until she could no longer think of anything but jacques . 
 the emptiness inside her yawned like a enormous black void . 
 her skin crawled with need , her mind was chaos , reaching , always reaching , so that she was worn out with fighting herself . 
 what if something had happened to him ? 
 again the thought crept in unbidden , unwanted , and her sense of isolation increased , threatened to become a terrible thing . 
 grief welled up , enveloping her , driving away her logic and reason , leaving raw , gaping emotions . 
 shea could no longer function properly , and she knew it . 
 whether or not her pride allowed , she had no choice but to go back . 
 it was not only humiliating but frightening , too . 
 jacques had acquired more power over her in a short time than she had ever thought possible . 
 she had no choice but to accept it for the moment . 
 she walked slowly , reluctantly , dread filling her , yet with every step back toward the cabin , toward jacques , the heaviness of her heart lifted . 
 at the edge of the clearing before the cottage , three large deer rested beneath the swaying branches of a tree . 
 she stood for a moment watching them , all too aware of what had transpired . 
 shea stepped onto the porch , hesitated , and went inside . 
 jacques was lying motionless in the bed , his black eyes wide open , fixed unblinkingly on her face . 
 shea felt as if she were falling forward into those black , fathomless depths . 
 he held out a hand to her . 
 she did n't want to go to him ; she went because she had to go . 
 she needed to go to him . 
 a part of her brain analyzed that , how it could possibly be , but she went without fighting the strong compulsion . 
 his fingers , unexpectedly warm , closed around the coolness of hers , his hand enveloping hers . 
 he tugged at her gently until she had no choice but to sit , then lie beside him . 
 his black eyes never once relinquished their hold on hers . 
 you are cold , little red hair . 
 his voice whispered over her skin , mesmerized her mind , dispelled the chaos to replace it with a soothing , tranquil calm . 
 allow me to warm you . 
 his hand shaped her face , traced each delicate bone , stroked down her throat . 
 shea blinked , confused , unsure whether she was awake or dreaming . 
 her body moved restlessly . 
 again her brain attempted to sort things out for her , but she could not pull away from his hypnotic eyes . 
 part of her did n't want to . 
 she wanted to be trapped there for all time , sheltered by him , belonging to him . 
 ignoring the screaming protest of his body , jacques shifted so that his large frame half pinned her smaller one to the bed . 
 his hand continued to caress the soft , vulnerable line of her throat , moved to trace the neckline of her cotton top . 
 feel the way our hearts beat together . 
 his hand pushed the concealing fabric aside so that her full breasts gleamed in the silver light of the moon . 
 his mind felt the protest of hers , his soft voice murmuring to weave her deeper under his spell . 
 in the depths of his eyes was hunger , fire , need . 
 he trapped the emerald green of her eyes in the intensity of his hot gaze . 
 a slash of razor-sharp talons , and cotton floated to the floor . 
 his hand found warm softness , and with his black stare still holding hers , he slowly lowered his head . 
 shea 's breath caught in her throat as his perfect mouth hovered a scant inch above hers . 
 she burned for him . 
 burned . 
 her long lashes swept down as his mouth fastened on hers . 
 she nearly cried out at the rush of liquid heat racing through her body at his touch . 
 his mouth explored every inch of hers , caressing , demanding , gentle , and dominant , a sweet stroking along her incisors , a stark male possession . 
 his mouth left hers to trail kisses down her throat , her shoulder , lower to find the swell of her breast . 
 shea 's hands found his hair , its rich softness bunched in her fists as his tongue traced a path over her pulse . 
 her body clenched , waited in anticipation . 
 his teeth nipped gently , moved again so that she shuddered with pleasure as his mouth drew her rich softness into its moist heat . 
 i want you , shea . 
 i need you . 
 and it was true . 
 his body did n't seem to understand that claiming her was an impossibility . 
 he hurt , a pain to rival all the others . 
 his skin burned and was unbearably sensitive . 
 reluctantly he released her breast , moved once more to stroke his tongue over her pulse . 
 shea . 
 he murmured her name , and his teeth sank deep . 
 she gasped at the white-hot lance of pain , the wave of intense pleasure washing over her . 
 her body arced upward , her arms cradling his head . 
 it was ecstasy , holding her like this , feeding on sweetness , exploring her softness with his hands . 
 the pleasure was such that jacques ' battered body swelled , every muscle taut , rigid . 
 she tasted hot , spicy , addicting . 
 he needed to bury himself in her as he fed . 
 every natural instinct he possessed , as both man and beast , urgently demanded he unite them in the way of his people , sealing them together for all eternity . 
 her breasts were soft , perfect , driving him to the brink of madness . 
 did her ribcage have to be so small and delicate , her waist so tiny ? 
 he did n't just want . 
 he needed . 
 he lifted his head , his tongue stroking across the tiny wound , reluctantly closing it . 
 shea 's eyes were closed , her body soft and pliant . 
 you need , my love . 
 he kissed her gently . 
 kiss me , my chest . 
 let me feel that your need is as great as my own . 
 it was sheer black magic , an erotic whisper of seduction she seemed helpless to resist . 
 her mouth tasted his skin , lingered , found his throat , the heavy muscles of his chest . 
 jacques knew he was playing with fire . 
 his body could not take much more . 
 his hand caught the nape of her neck , pressed her head to him . 
 you hunger , my love . 
 self-preservation interceded , and her body stiffened . 
 jacques ' voice was purity itself . 
 you will take what i freely offer . 
 it is my right , and you can not deny me . 
 the touch of her tongue sent fire racing through his blood . 
 when her teeth pierced his skin , he cried out with the ecstasy of it . 
 he gave himself up to the sensual pleasure , his hand stroking her hair , encouraging her feeding . 
 he needed this closeness , this erotic intimacy . 
 if he could not have all of her at this moment , he could at least ensure their bond . 
 he held her , blanketing her body in the age-old dominant way of his people , yet there was tenderness in his hands as they caressed her . 
 slowly his hand slid over her silky hair , stroked , lingered , moved around to trace the delicate lines of her face . 
 then carefully he began to insert his hand between her mouth and his chest . 
 enough , shea . 
 close the wound with your tongue . 
 his gut clenched hotly , his body shuddered as she obeyed him . 
 he wanted her , needed , even hungered for their union . 
 for a moment he felt that need was far more tormenting than wounds . 
 he caught her hair in both hands , dragged her head up to his , when everything in him screamed to push her down , to force her to give him some relief . 
 jacques felt as if he was in hell all over again . 
 his mouth found hers , tasted his own blood . 
 something inside him raised its head and roared , wild , untamed , something close to breaking free of his tight control . 
 instinctively his mind sought hers . 
 the summons was sharp , on the edge of desperation . 
 shea blinked , found herself tangled on the bed with jacques , her skin rubbing against his , his arms tight , vise-like bands around her , his mouth taking hers with such expertise that her entire body raged for him . 
 he was aggressive , dominant , the position he held her in one of submission . 
 when she looked up at him , his eyes went from desperation , hungry desire , and tenderness to a bestial glow , that of a wild animal taking what belonged to it . 
 she recognized those red flames leaping , betraying the violence in him . 
 when she stiffened , tried to struggle , a warning growl rumbled deep in his throat . 
 shea went very still , forced her mind away from panic and fear , back toward logic . 
 he had called to her in need . 
 the moment she realized that , she relaxed , holding him in her arms with acceptance . 
 he needed her , and she could do no other than help him . 
 his hands were everywhere , rough , hurting even ; his teeth bit at her much too hard . 
 jacques . 
 deliberately she sought the red haze of his mind . 
 she was calm , tranquil , accepting of his bestial nature . 
 comeback to me . 
 he latched on to her like a drowning man , merging his mind with hers . 
 he was breathing hard , in such pain . 
 she could feel the dark desire beating at him , the demand that he claim what was rightfully his . 
 jacques struggled for control of the monster within him . 
 shea kissed his throat , the hard line of his jaw , a soothing , gentle touch . 
 it 's all right . 
 come back to me . 
 he buried his face in her neck , crushed her tightly to him . 
 he was exhausted , in pain , afraid he had driven her even further away . 
 it was shea who stroked his hair , murmured soothing nonsense , shea who lay soft and pliant close to his heart . 
 her palm shaped the side of his face , a physical contact ; her mind merged firmly , wholly , with his . 
 i am sorry . 
 jacques rested his chin on top of her head , unwilling to face the condemnation he feared would be reflected in her eyes . 
 ssh , just be still . 
 i should never have left you alone . 
 you did not cause this . 
 his arms tightened momentarily . 
 shea , do not think that . 
 you are not to blame for my madness . 
 my body needs yours . 
 the mating between lifematesis not exactly the same as human mating . 
 i nearly hurt you , shea . 
 i am sorry . 
 you 're the one in pain , jacques , she pointed out gently . 
 she realized she was using their mental link , accepting it as natural . 
 she sighed , reached up to kiss his chin . 
 they held each other like two children after a terrible fright , taking comfort in one another 's closeness . 
 shea became aware after a time that her skin was against his , bare , sensitive , her breasts pressed into his side . 
 `` i do n't suppose you want to tell me what happened to my shirt . '' 
 she lay motionless , drowsy and content . 
 being so close to him should have bothered her , but it simply seemed normal . 
 her gaze found the material slashed to ribbons , scattered on the floor beside the bed . 
 `` you were in a bit of a hurry , i see , '' she pointed out , making an effort to get up to get dressed . 
 when shea would have pulled away from him , jacques refused to relinquish his hold . 
 instead , he reached lazily for the quilt and pulled it around her . 
 his smile was in her mind . 
 tell me of your childhood . 
 he dropped the words into the silence , felt her shock , her pain , her instant withdrawal want you to tell me this yourself shea . 
 i could look into your memories , but it is not the same as your trusting me with something so personal . 
 he had already seen her childhood , the terrible way she had grown up alone . 
 jacques wanted her to share it with him , to give him the priceless gift of her trust . 
 shea could hear the strong , steady beat of his heart , a soothing rhythm . 
 it seemed only fair that she share her nightmare when she had glimpsed the dark stain on his soul . 
 `` i became aware something was wrong with my mother at a very early age . 
 she would withdraw for weeks at a time , never noticing if i ate or slept or was hurt . 
 she had no friends . 
 she almost never left the house . 
 she rarely showed interest or affection . '' 
 jacques ' hand slid over her hair in a caress , found the nape of her neck in a comforting massage . 
 the distress in her voice was almost more than he could bear . 
 `` i was six years old when i discovered i was different , that i needed blood . 
 my mother had forgotten me for several days in a row . 
 she just lay in bed and stared at the ceiling . 
 i would go into her room every morning to kiss her good-bye before going to school . 
 she never seemed to notice . 
 as the days went by , i became so weak i could n't walk across the room . 
 she came to me , and i watched as she cut herself and bled into a glass . 
 she told me i had to drink it - to drink blood often . 
 after she died , i only used transfusions , but ... '' she was silent for so long that jacques touched her mind , felt her childhood self-loathing , her fears , and her sense of isolation . 
 his arms tightened , drew her closer to his powerful frame , wanting to shelter her for all time . 
 he knew what it meant to be alone . 
 totally alone . 
 he never wanted her to feel like that again . 
 shea felt the light brush of jacques ' mouth on her forehead , at her temple , in her hair . 
 his tenderness warmed her when she was shivering inside . 
 `` my mother was n't like me . 
 no one was like me . 
 i could never tell anyone , ask anyone about it . 
 she took me to ireland to hide me because when i was born , my blood was so odd it stirred interest in both the medical and scientific fields . 
 i had to be transfused daily , but i still grew weak . 
 when i was a few years old , two men came to our house and asked her a lot of questions about me . 
 i could hear their voices , and i was afraid . 
 i hid under the bed , afraid she might make me see them . 
 she did n't . 
 they scared my mother as much as they did me . 
 she packed us up and moved us away . '' 
 you are certain your mother never touched blood ? 
 heprobed gently , afraid she would stop sharing what were obviously painful memories . 
 he had no real way to ease her hurt except with the strength of his arms and the closeness of his body . 
 `` never . 
 she was like a beautiful shadow already gone from the world . 
 she thought only of him . 
 rand . 
 my father . '' 
 the name touched a painful fragment of memory in him . 
 it was so intense , he let it slip away before he could catch it . 
 you never met him ? 
 the mere thought of the man she called her father brought splinters of glass stabbing through his head . 
 `` no , he was married to a woman named noelle . '' 
 shocked recognition , an inconsolable grief , a woman once beautiful , beheaded , a stake through her heart . 
 the memory was so vivid , so intense , jacques choked , shoved the information far away from him . 
 but he had recognized her . 
 noelle . 
 shea lifted her head , green eyes searching his black gaze . 
 `` you know her . '' 
 she shared the memory in his mind , saw the same fragments of images . 
 the glimpse sickened her , the brutality of that death . 
 the woman had been murdered using the ritual `` vampire '' slaying techniques . 
 beheaded . 
 the stake . 
 she is dead . 
 hesaid it with certainty , with sorrow . 
 shewas my sister . 
 shea 's face went white . 
 `` did she have a son ? '' 
 a male child . 
 `` oh , god ! '' 
 shea tore herself out of his arms as if burned , leapt up and away from him , her arms covering her breasts , her eyes wild . 
 `` this gets worse every minute . 
 my father was probably your sister 's husband . '' 
 she backed away from the bed in horror . 
 you do not know this . 
 it is a big world . 
 `` how many rands are there from the carpathian mountains , someone like you ? 
 someone married to a woman named noelle , who gave birth to a boy ? 
 it was all in my mother 's diary . '' 
 vampire hunters drove a stake through her heart . 
 years ago . 
 years before they got me . 
 i do not remember more . 
 perhaps i do not care to . 
 shea found another shirt , dragged it on . 
 `` i 'm sorry for her . 
 i 'm sorry for my mother . 
 this is all so wrong . '' 
 she waved a hand , encompassed the bed . 
 `` we 're probably related or something . '' 
 lifemates are born to one another , shea . 
 there is only one for each . 
 what your parents or my sister chose to do with their lives has nothing to do with us . 
 `` of course it does . 
 we do n't know who you really are . 
 we know virtually nothing about you . 
 what i 'm doing here with you is against the rules of my profession . 
 we do n't even know if you 're married or not . '' 
 there is only one lifemate , shea . 
 i know this is all new and frightening to you , but as i must lie here in frustration , you must have patience . 
 we are finding out information in bits and pieces . 
 i can not remember details i know are important to us . 
 i ask that you be patient while we sort these things out . 
 heshifted uncomfortably . 
 the movement brought her back to herself , calmed her as nothing else could . 
 `` you are n't taking care of yourself , jacques . 
 you ca n't be moving around . '' 
 she bent over him , her hand cool on his burning skin . 
 the hole below his heart was beginning to heal . 
 her long hair fell over her shoulder , brushed his abdomen with fire . 
 the warmth of her breath as she leaned over him to examine the wound was like a dancing flame on his skin . 
 jacques closed his eyes as every muscle in his body clenched in response . 
 his reaction to her more than anything else told him that he was healing . 
 his hand knotted in the silk of her hair . 
 i know you think to leave me , shea , when i am at full strength . 
 her enormous eyes jumped to his face , watched as he crushed her silky hair to his mouth . 
 you fear me . 
 i can see the fear in your eyes . 
 her tongue moistened her lower lip . 
 she looked thoughtful . 
 jacques found her mind using its ability to shove her emotions aside as it did when she felt threatened in some way . 
 her intellect took over , assessing the situation between them . 
 `` i do n't know what you are , jacques , or , when you 're perfectly well , what you 're capable of doing . 
 i know nothing of your past or your future . 
 i 'm a medical researcher , and , once you recover , it 's very possible we wo n't have a thing in common . '' 
 his black gaze did not leave her face . 
 hard . 
 watchful . 
 even his body seemed utterly still . 
 you fear me . 
 he wanted her to face the real issue , not push it aside . 
 you have no reason to fear me . 
 she tilted her head to one side , red hair cascading in all directions . 
 `` you think i do n't ? 
 jacques , you threaten everything i have ever known about life . 
 you changed me . 
 if i was only half carpathian , or whatever it is - vampire , maybe , i do n't know at this point - you did something to bring me all the way into your world . 
 i 'm different now . 
 i ca n't eat , i have no human bodily functions , and my hearing has increased even more . 
 all my abilities . 
 everything . 
 you took away the life i knew and replaced it with something neither of us knows anything about . '' 
 she shook her head , then gave in to the desire to tangle her fingers in his jet-black hair . 
 `` i will not be like my mother , jacques , living only for a man . 
 when he deserted her , she waited only until she thought i no longer needed her , and she killed herself . 
 that is n't love , it 's obsession . 
 no child of mine will ever suffer what her sick obsession with rand put me through . '' 
 he breathed in her scent , and again the heat was upon him , scorching him with the urgent demand to bury himself in her , to become truly one . 
 i need you , shea . 
 is it so impossible to think you might actually love me ? 
 i feel your complete acceptance of me . 
 i know it is in you . 
 rand and your mother have nothing to do with us . 
 you saw the darkness in me , the beast struggling for control , yet you remained . 
 my imprisonment may have destroyed whatever i originally was , and i do not know who i am now . 
 but i know that i need you . 
 would you really leave me alone ? 
 she felt his despair . 
 `` do n't start believing you 're a monster . 
 the way you touch me sometimes , with such tenderness , that is no monster . '' 
 her body was restless , a need moving over her , through her , a need she had never known before . 
 `` you wanted me , jacques , yet you stopped yourself . 
 you 're no monster . '' 
 maybe my wounds stopped me , not my self control . 
 she had stopped him with her acceptance of the beast in him . 
 `` you 're tired , jacques . 
 sleep for a while . '' 
 he caught her hand , his thumb feathering across the inside of her wrist . 
 iam not a vampire . 
 i have not turned . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 he closed his eyes , smiled in his mind . 
 she was back to using her professional , scientific voice . 
 you were worried that i had turned . 
 earlier , in the woods , you were afraid i was a vampire . 
 just now you thought our people might be vampire . 
 we are carpathian , not the undead . 
 unless we turn . 
 `` would you stay out of my head ? 
 wait until you 're invited . '' 
 if i waited for an invitation from you , little red hair , i would be centuries old before it ever came about . 
 the smile in his mind was just a little too sexy for her peace of mind . 
 i was merely attempting to ease your fears . 
 now he sounded innocent . 
 she laughed softly . 
 `` do i have naive stamped on my forehead ? '' 
 has anyone ever complained about your bedside manner ? 
 shea raised her eyebrows . 
 `` i 'm a surgeon . 
 i do n't need a bedside manner . 
 and in any case , i 've never had such an outrageous patient before . 
 stop calling me red hair . 
 and little red hair . 
 and all the other things you call me . 
 dr. o'halloran is appropriate . '' 
 for the first time his sensuous mouth softened , curved into a grin . 
 the effect on her was shattering . 
 it was n't right for a male to look that sexy . 
 he should be banned from all female company . 
 handsome and sexy . 
 i must be getting somewhere after all . 
 histone was lazy , teasing , a little bit husky . 
 shea laughed softly . 
 it was impossible to be annoyed with him when he was in this mood . 
 `` you are handsome and sexy , but do n't let it go to your head . 
 you 're also arrogant , dominating , and too ruthless for my taste . '' 
 she squashed him without a qualm . 
 jacques tugged on her hand , drew her close to the bed so that he could bring her palm to the warmth of his mouth . 
 i am exactly to your taste . 
 she yanked her hand away as if he had burned her , rubbing her palm along her thigh . 
 the feeling did n't go away , and neither did the butterflies he had sent winging in her stomach . 
 `` how do you know you 're not a vampire ? '' 
 she needed to distract him , distract both of them . 
 `` maybe you forgot . 
 you 're certainly capable of acting like one . '' 
 this time he laughed , startling both of them . 
 the sound was husky , low , and foreign to his ears , as if he had forgotten what it was like . 
 his black eyes leapt to her face almost in fear . 
 `` not bad , wild man . 
 first a growl , and now a laugh . 
 we 're making progress . '' 
 her eyes danced at him , reassured him . 
 joy welled up in the midst of pain . 
 shea . 
 she had created a world where his soul could somehow touch light vampires feel nothing but the momentary high a kill brings . 
 they are amoral , deviant creatures . 
 her chin lifted , eyebrows drawing together in concentration . 
 `` a kill ? '' 
 they always kill their prey when feeding . 
 they do not place them in a trance . 
 it feeds their high to experience their victim 's terror . 
 they do not discriminate between man , woman , or child . 
 the vampire has chosen to trade his soul for fleeting emotion . 
 `` do you kill ? '' 
 her fingers twisted together , and her breath seemed caught in her lungs . 
 why had she asked him that ? 
 she already knew the answer ; she had glimpsed the darkness in him on more than one occasion . 
 quite easily when necessary , but never my human prey . 
 he answered matter-of-factly , without real thought . 
 it was instinct , his predatory nature . 
 `` people , jacques , '' she corrected . 
 `` we are people . '' 
 you are carpathian . 
 `` i do n't even know what a carpathian is . 
 do you ? 
 do you honestly know ? 
 maybe you do have a rare blood condition , and somehow it gives you extraordinary gills . '' 
 shea no longer seriously believed there was any hope of that . 
 she was certain he knew the truth : he belonged to another species of people . 
 exhaustion was winning the battle with jacques . 
 mortal sleep was not rejuvenating , but until shea became accustomed to her new life , he would not leave her unprotected . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 ihave existed for over eight hundred years . 
 i existed before leonardo da vinci . 
 the words were slurred in her mind . 
 she backed away from the bed until the wall brought her up short . 
 over eight hundred years ? 
 shea pressed a hand to her head . 
 what was he going to do next ? 
 turn into a bat ? 
 a wolf ? 
 nothing would surprise her now . 
 iprefer the wolf given a choice . 
 there was a distinct smile in his voice , brushing in her mind . 
 it softened the hard edges of his mouth , giving him that sensual , sexy look she could not resist . 
 you would , she sent back to him , inexplicable feelings for him spilling into her mind and heart . 
 there was so much about jacques she did n't know . 
 just how powerful was he ? 
 if vampires actually existed , had they originated from carpathians , as jacques implied ? 
 did that mean a cold , merciless killer nature lay buried in jacques , waiting to surface ? 
 seven years buried alive should do a great job of bringing any latent hostilities out . 
 nor could she put aside the possibility that he was completely insane . 
 she felt the madness in him , his struggle to find his memories and the truth , to suppress the violence within him . 
 she sighed softly , touched his hair with a fingertip , her heart melting at the sight of him , so vulnerable , like a little boy . 
 what was it about him that tore her heart out every time she faced the fact that he would get well and she would have to move on ? 
 i am very powerful . 
 startled , shea looked at him . 
 jacques had n't moved . 
 his eyes remained closed . 
 `` i 'm sure you are . '' 
 did he need reassurance ? 
 i have no intention of allowing you to leave me . 
 she laughed softly . 
 `` i was just thinking what a vulnerable , boyish look you have in your sleep . 
 now i think you 're a spoiled brat . '' 
 i am more powerful than a vampire , little red hair . 
 i hunt them down and destroy them . 
 i will have no trouble keeping you at my side . 
 `` i 'll just have to make it my business to annoy you to the point that you 'll be happy to get rid of me . '' 
 she poured the last unit of blood into a glass for him . 
 `` i can do that , you know . 
 my patients always are glad to see the last of me . '' 
 i may be insane , shea . 
 i have thought about it for a long while . 
 i know my nature is that of a predator . 
 hesounded very thoughtful , giving each of her worries his strict attention . 
 but if i am truly insane , then i can not be without you . 
 i will need you every moment by my side to ensure the safety of all mankind . 
 shea started to laugh , but as his serious tone registered , her smile faded . 
 he was not teasing her . 
 he was being as honest as he could be . 
 jacques did n't know whether he was insane or not . 
 `` sometimes , wild man , you break my heart , '' she said softly . 
 you want to leave me , shea . 
 i feel the need in you to put distance between us . 
 `` i have spent more time with you than i have with anyone in my life . 
 i 've told you more about myself , talked , laughed , and ... and ... '' she hesitated , blushing wildly . 
 jacques opened his eyes , turned his head to look at her . 
 `` other things , '' she went on decisively . 
 `` it is n't like i 'm thinking of deserting you . 
 i just need space now and then , do n't you ? '' 
 he merged with her immediately . 
 at once she felt stark emptiness . 
 a black void that could never be filled . 
 her heart beat hard , pounding in near terror . 
 the world was gray and black , dark and ugly . 
 there was no relief , no hope , only the terrible emptiness of total despair . 
 her breath caught in her throat . 
 she touched his hair with gentle fingers , ran a fingertip along his jaw in a small caress . 
 `` you really dislike being alone . '' 
 i think the word dislike is not nearly strong enough , he answered dryly . 
 i can not breathe unless you are close to me . 
 `` i did n't realize it was so terrible for you . 
 i 'm sorry i was so insensitive , jacques . 
 i was n't meaning to be . 
 i have a tendency to plan things out far in advance . 
 what you 're picking up in my mind is something altogether different . 
 our situation is becoming desperate . 
 i have to drive into one of the villages and get us some supplies . 
 blood , clothes for you . '' 
 she held up a hand . 
 merged as she was with him , she felt his instant rejection of her plan . 
 `` we do n't have a choice , jacques . 
 i 'm going to have to leave immediately in order to get down to the village first thing in the morning . '' 
 no ! 
 it is not safe . 
 i will not allow such a thing . 
 it is too risky . 
 she ignored his protest . 
 `` it is the only way that i can get back here by nightfall . 
 i do n't want to leave you alone during the daylight hours , but we need blood , jacques . 
 you 're not healing as fast as you expect because we do n't have the amount of blood you need . 
 and as much as i hate to think about it , i know you 're supplying me with blood . 
 i was so weak before , but now i 'm stronger . 
 you gave me your blood , did n't you ? '' 
 you can not go . 
 she understood the terrible dread , the empty void he would feel if she left him alone now . 
 the dark , ugly hole that swallowed him when he was without her . 
 her heart ached for him . 
 to be imprisoned underground all those years , with no memory , only pain and darkness and starvation , had to have left mental scars . 
 i can not be without you . 
 his hand found hers , his fingers lacing with hers , a bond . 
 to him it was simple . 
 she was his balance , his sanity , or what little remained of it . 
 she was light to his darkness . 
 she could not leave him . 
 he carried her fingertips to the warmth of his mouth . 
 she felt the jolt of sensual awareness right down to her toes . 
 his mind was open to hers , the ultimate intimacy , so that she could feel his every emotion , read his every thought if she chose . 
 dark desires mingled turbulently with stark resolve to keep her close to his side . 
 isolation yawned like a black , empty hole . 
 so alone . 
 so much pain . 
 emptiness . 
 hunger . 
 always the terrible hunger consuming him . 
 she found tears on her face . 
 her arms cradled his head , rocked him gently . 
 `` you 're not alone anymore , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm right here with you , jacques . 
 i 'm not leaving you alone like this . '' 
 it is still in your mind to leave me . 
 you can not hide your intentions from me , shea . 
 i have explained countless times to you . 
 you are my true lifemate . 
 there can not be deceit between us . 
 shea laid her head gently over his . 
 the dark emotions whirling within him were becoming alarming to both of them . 
 violence was mixed with terror . 
 `` i have never tried to deceive you . 
 you know that . 
 i do n't lie to you , and i do n't play games . 
 we need the blood . 
 you wo n't get better without it . 
 there 's no other way . '' 
 you can not leave me , shea . 
 this time his voice was a demand . 
 he lost the indulgence often present when he conversed with her . 
 all at once he was a being of enormous power , arrogant and commanding . 
 shea sighed , her fingers caressing the strong bones of his face . 
 `` do n't go getting all bossy with me , wild man . 
 we need to stay focused on our problem . 
 we need blood . 
 and i do n't have any clothes that would fit you . 
 do you have a better idea ? '' 
 wait until i am stronger and can go with you to protect you . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you keep getting mixed up . 
 i 'm supposed to be protecting you . 
 i 'm your doctor . '' 
 you are my lifemate . 
 there is only one . 
 you are mine . 
 only one . 
 she lifted her head , green eyes searching his face . 
 `` you 've never lived with a woman ? 
 you must have had sex . '' 
 carpathians do not live with any other than their lifemate . 
 sex is a simple sharing of the body , a pleasure that fades along with emotions after two hundred years if we do not find our lifemate . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 without a lifemate , carpathians feel nothing ? '' 
 nothing , shea . 
 not affection or remorse , not right or wrong . 
 certainly not desire . 
 after two hundred years carpathian males can not feel . 
 color flooded her face . 
 `` you feel desire when you 're with me . 
 i may not be experienced , but i do have medical training . '' 
 his fingers tightened around hers , his breath warm along her knuckles . 
 iwant you with every cell in my body , with my mind and my heart . 
 your soul is the other half of mine . 
 when you are with me , i feel . 
 joy , desire , anger , even laughter . 
 you are my lifemate . 
 i have waited over eight hundred years to find you . 
 i could not see color until you came into my life . 
 his black eyes , worn with suffering , fastened on her green ones . 
 i can not lose you . 
 i can never be alone again . 
 mortals and immortals alike would be in danger should i lose you . 
 she did n't want to touch that . 
 she murmured his name softly , brushed a kiss against his temple almost without knowing it . 
 i can not exist without you , little red hair . 
 there is darkness in me . 
 the beast is strong . 
 i struggle every moment against loss of control . 
 my lifemate is my anchor . 
 only you can save me , keep me from walking in complete madness . 
 shea brushed the hair from his face with gentle fingers . 
 `` how do you know this ? 
 you 've admitted you ca n't remember much . '' 
 i have opened my mind to you . 
 you know it is true . 
 you anchor me , and i can do no other than see to your happiness . 
 shea could n't help but smile . 
 `` you have no idea how arrogant that sounds . 
 you are n't responsible for my happiness . 
 i 'm responsible for my own happiness . 
 and at this moment , whether your macho pride can deal with it or not , i am the one responsible for your health and safety . 
 we do n't have time to wait until you 're better . 
 i have to go now . 
 every day we wait gives don wallace time to find us . 
 when you 're able to travel , we 'll leave this place . '' 
 her hand caressed his thick mane of hair . 
 `` i have to go , jacques . 
 i 'm not leaving you , i 'm only going for supplies . '' 
 he retreated from her for a moment and as always , it was impossible to read his expression . 
 his black eyes flickered . 
 i will go with you . 
 shea sat up reluctantly , hating to have to prove her point but knowing she must thwart his resolve . 
 `` then let 's try going outside onto the porch . 
 let me do most of the work . '' 
 you think i can not do this . 
 `` i think your will is strong , jacques , but your body is weak . 
 perhaps i 'm wrong . 
 i hope i am . '' 
 she was silent as she made the preparations . 
 she knew he could n't do it , not without terrible pain . 
 the gurney was narrow and uncomfortable . 
 shea padded it with a blanket . 
 as she helped him from the bed to the gurney , he broke out in a sweat , but he did n't make a sound . 
 with a sinking heart she pushed him out into the night air . 
 of course he would tolerate movement silently . 
 he had endured torture and hours of surgery without painkillers or anesthesia . 
 if he made up his mind to do this , he would do so without complaint . 
 jacques pushed the pain aside , staring up at the stars , inhaling the night . 
 his world - open air , the rush of wings , the high chirp of bats , the call of insects . 
 he closed his eyes , the better to absorb the smells , the stories . 
 his body resisted the physical exertion , crawled with pain , a dull-edged knife sawing away at his chest . 
 `` jacques , please do n't be stubborn . 
 i feel what you feel . '' 
 there is no need , shea . 
 do not merge with me . 
 i would not wish this on you . 
 `` please allow me to take you inside and get you into bed . 
 just this small amount of movement is hurting you . 
 i wo n't take you to the village no matter what you say . 
 if the circumstances were reversed , you would n't take me . '' 
 a slight grin curved his mouth . 
 if the circumstances were reversed , there would be no need to go to the village . 
 i would call every human in the vicinity to nourish you . 
 there was a threat in his voice , subtle but still there , and she caught the echo of his censored thought . 
 no human would ever be safe from him if shea were hurt . 
 shea touched his forehead gently . 
 `` i 'm safe , jacques , and for now , i 'm in charge . '' 
 he gave the mental equivalent of absolute derision . 
 this place is familiar to me . 
 he was surveying his surroundings now , a peculiar glow in his black eyes . 
 i know this place . 
 something happened here a long time ago that i should remember . 
 his hand went of its own volition to his throat , tracing the thin , almost nonexistent white line curving around his jugular . 
 only a severe mortal wound can leave a scar . 
 he murmured it aloud under his breath , as if to himself . 
 shea remained very quiet , holding herself still , wanting to allow any memory possible to come to jacques . 
 i have been here , some time ago . 
 perhaps a quarter of a century . 
 hishead ached , but the memory shimmered , solidified instead of slipping away . 
 his black eyes moved restlessly over the clearing . 
 there was a fight here . 
 a vampire , high and powerful from afresh kill . 
 i had never fought one before ; it was my first time . 
 i was not prepared for his strength , his ferocity . 
 maybe i just could not believe one of my own kind , even turned , would do such evil . 
 he frowned in concentration , tried to catch more fragments and hold on to them . 
 i was guarding someone , someone important , someone who could not fall into the hands of the vampire . 
 there are so few ... the last thought seemed to trail off . 
 shea merged her mind firmly with his , felt his confusion , his frustration at being unable to capture and pin down the information . 
 shea put a hand on his forehead , wanting to soothe him . 
 her touch was tender , her green eyes anxious . 
 so familiar . 
 not green , but blue . 
 a woman . 
 carpathian women are so few . 
 we must guard them well , protect them . 
 it was a woman i was guarding , and she was special . 
 our hope for the future . 
 her heart nearly stopped . 
 jacques had fought for another woman , nearly lost his life , if the scar was any indication . 
 what woman ? 
 shea was totally unaware she had used the carpathian lifemate 's method of communication . 
 through the pain of his body and his pounding head , joy and male amusement washed over him . 
 his little red-haired doctor did not like the idea of another woman in his life . 
 she had blue eyes , and there were tears in them , such as you have in yours now . 
 he touched one glittering drop with a fingertip , brought it to his mouth to taste . 
 his body , always voraciously hungry , absorbed that bead as if absorbing her very essence . 
 who was she , jacques ? 
 or who is she ? 
 amale like jacques , so handsome , sensual , intense - of course he had to have a woman stashed somewhere . 
 shea bit her lip so hard , two drops of blood beaded up . 
 jacques tried to hold on to the fragments slipping in and out of his head . 
 he sensed that the information was of great importance to both of them . 
 shebelonged to another . 
 he is ... pain gripped his head in a vise and squeezed hard . 
 shea laced her fingers through his . 
 `` let it go , jacques , we do n't need it . '' 
 she smoothed the hair from his forehead . 
 `` it will come in time . 
 look how much you 've already remembered . '' 
 it was shocking to her just how much of a relief it was to learn that the unknown important woman belonged to another . 
 if it is not some fantasy . 
 itwas half humor , half self-censure . 
 his hand came up , caught the nape of her neck , and pulled her down so that he could kiss her soft , trembling mouth . 
 his tongue swept the ruby droplets from her full lower lip . 
 `` i told you to stay out of my head . '' 
 she returned his kiss gently , taking care not to jar him . 
 `` let 's go in and make you comfortable . '' 
 it seemed harder for her to bear his pain than it was for him . 
 another minute . 
 listen to the song of the night . 
 the wolves call to one another in joy . 
 do you hear ? 
 she did . 
 how could she not ? 
 a distance away the pack lifted their muzzles skyward and poured out their happiness to one another . 
 it was impossible to contain it within their bodies , and it flowed from their hearts , out their throats into the night . 
 it was so beautiful , so pure , so much a part of their world . 
 the notes , each different , unique to the individual animal , floated through the forest , lifted to the very heavens . 
 she belonged here in this land . 
 she belonged with the wolf pack , the mountains , and the night . 
 she turned her head to look at jacques , found him clutching his head as memories crowded in , jagged bits and pieces that teased and frustrated , that felt like piercing shards of glass . 
 i should remember him . 
 someone important . 
 i remember the fight . 
 hishand went once more to his throat . 
 the vampire slashed my throat . 
 the woman saved my life . 
 she pretended to be hysterical , but she packed the wound with soil and her saliva as she cried over me . 
 the vampire took her . 
 why can i not remember the important one ? 
 `` stop it right now ! '' 
 shea ordered sharply as she stroked away the crimson stain on his forehead . 
 `` i 'm taking you back into the house this minute . '' 
 shea . 
 hername was a magic talisman , a soothing balm to his tortured mind . 
 i 'm here with you , jacques . 
 she merged with him immediately , held him close physically . 
 it will all come in time , i promise you . 
 his hand brushed her throat , the raw , ragged wounds and bruises that refused to heal . 
 without proper blood and the rejuvenating sleep of their people , her body could not heal itself . 
 look at you , what i have done to you . 
 and i can not guard you , as i must , as is my duty . 
 i am of little use to you . 
 shea tugged at his hair , a tiny punishment . 
 `` i do n't know , jacques , you 're more than adequate at giving orders . '' 
 she maneuvered the gurney back into the cabin , then took the opportunity to put fresh sheets on the bed before helping jacques onto it . 
 `` you know i have to go , '' she said softly . 
 jacques lay very still , staying on top of the pain , drifting with it , grateful for the comfortable bed and her soothing touch . 
 he loved the feel of her fingers caressing his hair , his forehead , stroking away his pain . 
 i can not allow you to go unprotected . 
 his resolve was fading . 
 she could tell he did n't like the idea , but he knew it was necessary . 
 `` i 'll be leaving you unprotected as well . 
 but we can do this . 
 it is n't as if either of us will really be alone . 
 does distance matter ? 
 our bond is so strong , ca n't we use it across a few miles ? 
 after all , you called me from thousands of miles away . '' 
 his black gaze reflected pain , but he was becoming more resigned to the trip . 
 it is true , we can touch one another at will , but it consumes my energy . 
 over a distance it may be difficult . 
 `` only because i always let you do the work . '' 
 shea checked the loads in the shotgun and rifle and laid two boxes of cartridges beside the weapons , near his hand . 
 `` i 'm getting good at this mind-reading thing . 
 my mother was supposed to be psychic , and supposedly i inherited her gift . 
 who knows , maybe it 's true . '' 
 our bond is growing stronger with each blood exchange , with each passing moment we are together . 
 `` so if we were apart i might stop wanting to be around you ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` if i had known it was that simple , i would have sat outside most of the time . '' 
 he caressed her silky hair . 
 i will allow you to do this thing , but do not he broke off the thought abruptly . 
 but not before shea caught the echo of the primitive , territorial male . 
 her eyebrows shot up . 
 sometimes he reminded her more of a wild animal than a man . 
 `` less of this allow stuff . 
 it offends my independent nature . '' 
 she was smiling again , gently teasing him , and jacques felt surrounded by her light . 
 it seemed to shine through her vivid green eyes and lead him away from the yawning emptiness . 
 she was making perfect sense , and in this moment of lucidity , he could do no other than acquiesce . 
 still , how was he going to be without her even for a short time ? 
 how would he survive as each minute , each second crawled by ? 
 jacques closed his eyes , a fine sheen of sweat coating his skin at the thought of the darkness he would endure . 
 the agony . 
 the isolation . 
 `` jacques , do n't . 
 you said you could shut down your heart and lungs . 
 if you do that , do you feel or think ? 
 dream ? '' 
 have nightmares ? 
 no , but i dare not sleep in the way of our people . 
 when you are separated from me or you choose the sleep of mortals , i must remain alert . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 put yourself to sleep and escape for just a little while . 
 i 'll take off and get as far as i can tonight . '' 
 you must not allow anything to happen to you , shea . 
 you can not comprehend how important it is that you come to no harm . 
 i can not be without you . 
 you brought me back into this life . 
 i know my mind is not right . 
 you can not desert me when i need you the most . 
 i would not be able to find my way back from the madness of the beast . 
 `` i have no intention of deserting you , jacques , '' she assured him . 
 do not forget that you must merge with me this time . 
 therewas a trace of fear in his voice . 
 dawn was streaking the sky by the time shea managed to make the trip over the rough terrain to the nearest village . 
 she needed fuel , herbs , sutures , various supplies , and , most of all , blood . 
 whole blood . 
 she had always had to fight off fatigue during the daytime , but now it was more than simple fatigue ; she was exhausted . 
 she was terrified of being caught alone in her camper in such a weak state . 
 she knew it would be virtually impossible to protect herself . 
 more than anything else , she feared that something might attack jacques while she was away . 
 shea parked her truck at the village petrol station and slipped from the cab . 
 almost immediately she was uneasy , not certain why . 
 few villagers were out and about at such an early hour . 
 she leaned casually against the truck , taking a long look around . 
 she could detect no one , but she felt eyes on her , someone or something watching her . 
 the feeling was strong . 
 lifting her chin , she forced herself to ignore her overactive imagination while she filled the truck , its reserve tank , and the two tanks for her generator . 
 the feeling of being watched became so strong , it made her skin crawl . 
 without warning something pushed at her mind . 
 not jacques . 
 it was n't his familiar touch . 
 fear slammed into her , but she kept her cool , professional mask , her single-minded purpose to finish her tasks as quickly as possible . 
 whatever it was retreated , unable to penetrate . 
 shea drove down the nearly deserted street and parked close to the small medical clinic . 
 this time , as she slid from the seat , she searched the shadows around her carefully , using every sense she could . 
 sight . 
 smell . 
 hearing . 
 instinct . 
 there was someone , something . 
 it had followed her , was near . 
 she could feel it , but she could n't find it . 
 jacques ? 
 shetouched his mind gently , suddenly afraid she was feeling something that was happening to him . 
 i am awaiting your return . 
 she sensed his tiredness . 
 the morning light was even harder on him than on her . 
 she hated being away from him . 
 i will come soon . 
 shea took another deep breath and looked around , determined to find what was making her so uneasy . 
 a man lounged lazily in the shade of a tree . 
 he was tall , dark , and motionless , like a hunter . 
 she felt the impact of his eyes as his gaze casually found her . 
 her heart jumped . 
 who was he ? 
 had wallace found her so soon ? 
 shea turned away . 
 first , before anything , she had to complete her business . 
 she dragged out her laptop computer and typed in the commands to access the clinic 's blood bank . 
 if she had to move jacques , they would need supplies desperately . 
 in another moment , shea felt silly . 
 the door to the small general store across the street swung open . 
 the short , stooped owner emerged , apron tied around his ample middle , a broom in his hand . 
 he waved openly at the motionless figure beneath the tree . 
 `` byron . 
 good morning to you . 
 bit early , is n't it ? '' 
 she recognized the local dialect . 
 the tall , dark-haired man replied in the same language , but his voice was low , a beautiful tone . 
 he stepped out of the shadows , young , good-looking . 
 he flashed a quick , friendly smile at the grocer approaching him . 
 clearly they knew one another , were friendly . 
 the dark-haired man was obviously no stranger to the area . 
 neither exhibited the least interest in shea . 
 she watched as byron bent his head solicitously down to the older man , listening intently , his arm circling the shopkeeper 's shoulders . 
 shea breathed a soft sigh of relief . 
 the feeling of being stalked was gone , and she could n't be certain if it had been real or imagined . 
 she watched for a moment as the two men moved deeper into the shade , until they were merely a dark shadow blending with the trees . 
 laughter floated back toward her . 
 the taller , younger man bent his head even closer to the shopkeeper to hear every word . 
 hurrying into the store , she purchased from the shopkeeper 's assistant an extra blanket and pillow , several blocks of ice , and some clothing for jacques . 
 the small hospital was ready with her medical supplies , a friendly clerk asking about her mobile clinic , treating her like a valued client . 
 feeling slightly guilty , she completed her transactions quickly . 
 she needed to get to her truck and find a dark area to sleep in until it was safe to return to jacques . 
 she rushed outside . 
 light pierced her eyes like a thousand needles . 
 shea stumbled , then felt a strong hand close like a vise around her upper arm , preventing her from falling . 
 murmuring a thank you , she fumbled in her pocket for her dark glasses to cover her streaming eyes . 
 `` what are you doing here alone , unprotected ? '' 
 the voice was pitched low , the dialect and accent eerily similar to jacques ' . 
 shea 's breath caught in her throat , and she straggled for release . 
 the tall , dark-haired man merely pushed her into the shadows , her back to the wall of the building , his large frame easily blocking hers . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you are small and fair for one of us . '' 
 his hand caught her chin so that she met the penetration of his sunglass-shaded eyes . 
 `` your scent is familiar to me but elusive . 
 how is it i did not know of your existence ? '' 
 for just a moment satisfaction curved his mouth . 
 `` you are free . 
 that is good . '' 
 `` i do n't know you , sir , and you 're scaring me . 
 i 'm in a great hurry , so please let me go . '' 
 shea used her coolest , most disdainful voice , and she deliberately spoke english . 
 the man was enormously strong , and it terrified her . 
 `` i am byron . '' 
 he gave only his first name , as if that should be enough . 
 `` i am a male of our race , you a single female . 
 the sun is climbing , and you did not give yourself enough time to seek refuge from the dawn . 
 i can do no other than help you , offer my protection . '' 
 he switched easily to heavily accented english . 
 his voice seemed to slide right inside her . 
 he gave the illusion of being a gentleman , so friendly , yet he had not released her or moved even an inch to allow her to get by him . 
 he inhaled , dragged her scent into his lungs . 
 suddenly his entire demeanor changed . 
 his body stiffened . 
 his fingers dug into her arm . 
 white teeth gleamed a predator 's flash of warning . 
 `` why did you not answer me when i spoke to you ? '' 
 his words were low and menacing . 
 the suave stranger was frightening . 
 `` let go of me . '' 
 she kept her voice even , her mind working at top speed , looking for a way out . 
 he seemed to hold all the cards , but ... `` tell me who you are , '' he demanded . 
 `` let go of me now . '' 
 she lowered her voice , pitched it to a soft , hypnotic melody . 
 `` you want to let me go . '' 
 the stranger shook his head , his eyes narrowing , recognizing the hint of compulsion in her voice . 
 he inhaled a second time , drinking in her fragrance . 
 at once his face seemed to go still . 
 `` i recognize that scent . 
 jacques . 
 he is dead these seven years , yet his blood runs in your veins . '' 
 his voice crawled with deadly threat . 
 for a moment she was frozen with fear . 
 was this the betrayer jacques had spoken of ? 
 shea swung her head sideways to remove his fingers from her chin . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
 let go of me now ! '' 
 byron let out his breath in a low , venomous hiss . 
 `` if you wish to see another night , you will tell me what you have done with him . '' 
 `` you 're hurting me . '' 
 he was drawing closer , leaning toward her neck , bending her backward like a bow as she tried to elude him . 
 his breath was hot on her throat , and shea gasped as she felt needle-sharp teeth pierce her skin . 
 with a low cry she jerked sideways , her heart pounding . 
 without warning he caught at the neckline of her shirt to examine the bruises at her throat . 
 she could feel his puzzlement , his confusion . 
 shea took advantage of his momentary distraction . 
 as hard as she was able , she brought up her knee and screamed for all she was worth . 
 byron looked so shocked , she nearly laughed . 
 he had been absolutely certain she would n't want attention drawn to her . 
 his hiss , a deadly promise of retaliation , was the last thing she heard before he melted away . 
 and he literally melted away . 
 shea never saw him move . 
 one moment he was there , his body trapping hers against the wall , and then he was gone . 
 a fine mist was mixing with the layers of fog covering the ground to about knee level . 
 two orderlies came running , hearing her screams . 
 shea , holding her palm to the trickling wound on her neck to cover it , allowed them to soothe her , to assure her the animal she thought she saw lurking in the shadows was most likely a stray dog , not a wolf . 
 they went off shaking their heads and laughing at how silly women could be . 
 shea loaded the supplies into her truck , taking as much time as she dared . 
 if the sun affected her , it had to be just as lethal to her assailant if he was like jacques . 
 it had never occurred to her that she might have to contend with a vampire . 
 don wallace had been her nightmare ; she suspected this was much worse . 
 she packed the blood carefully in the center of her large cooler , surrounded by the blocks of ice . 
 she had to find a way to get the blood to jacques without leaving a trail for the vampire . 
 she waited , stalling now before she left . 
 the sun climbed higher , touched her skin right through the thin cotton of her clothing . 
 a wide-brimmed hat and her dark glasses provided relief . 
 still , shea sensed it was safer to stay among people as long as she could ; until her weakness left her she had no alternative but to seek rest in her darkened camper in the shade of the woods . 
 there was a push at her mind , a familiar path she recognized instantly with relief . 
 shea merged with jacques . 
 he was weak , what little strength he had leeched away with the rising of the sun . 
 shea was angry with herself for not making the effort earlier to reassure him . 
 she should have known that he would feel her fear even from a distance . 
 you are well ? 
 yes , jacques . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't check in . 
 she made an effort to stay calm and hide her alarm from him . 
 the last thing she wanted was for the wild man to attempt to rescue her . 
 and she knew he would . 
 he - would kill himself trying to get to her side . 
 you are in the sun . 
 i feel your discomfort . 
 it was a reprimand of the sort she was becoming used to . 
 the arrogance of command was creeping more and more into his voice as his health improved . 
 she took a deep breath , let it out slowly , and took the plunge . 
 there was one of your kind here . 
 at least i think he was your kind . 
 his reaction was explosive . 
 hot fury , fear for her , an almost uncontrollable jealous rage . 
 jacques forced himself to remain silent and hear her out . 
 he knew his volcanic , intense emotions frightened her . 
 they frightened him . 
 emotions were unfamiliar to him and could be overwhelming at times . 
 he recognized your scent , even called you by name . 
 he demanded to know where you are . 
 please be careful , jacques . 
 i 'm afraid i left you completely helpless . 
 i think he 'll search for you . 
 did he touch you ? 
 take your blood ? 
 the demand was imperious ; she felt his black rage beating in her head . 
 she touched her hand to the oozing wound on her neck . 
 you would have known , she replied soothingly . 
 some of his helpless fury dissipated . 
 where are you ? 
 i am safe for now , but he 'll hunt me this evening , i 'm certain of it . 
 i do n't want to lead him back to you . 
 you will return this night to me . 
 straight to me . 
 he can not be allowed to touch you , can not exchange blood . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 it is you who must be careful , jacques . 
 she tried to reassure him . 
 i ` mafraid for you , afraid i will lead him to you , or while i 'm gone he will find you . 
 you do not understand the danger you are in . 
 you must get to me . 
 shea might not fully comprehend , but she could feel his conviction , his fear for her , and she shivered , remembering the strength in the stranger 's grasp , his hiss of deadly promise . 
 do n't worry , i 'll come right away . 
 go to sleep now , jacques . 
 this is draining for you . 
 shea . 
 there was a moment of silence , of longing . 
 come back to me . 
 if you believe nothing else i have told you , believe i need you . 
 i promise . 
 shea put her forehead down on the steering wheel . 
 she was so tired , and her eyes were swelling . 
 the tinted windows in the cab helped to prevent blisters on her skin but would n't for much longer . 
 her body was slow and clumsy , only hope the vampire was already in his lair and unable to see where she went . 
 she drove into the mountains . 
 at first , to save time , she took the road , driving as fast as she dared on the winding dirt track . 
 when the sunlight became unbearable , she made her own road , following a deer trail , always climbing , seeking deep forest . 
 the heavy canopy of trees gave some relief from the unrelenting sunlight piercing her skull . 
 when her body was simply too heavy , she pulled into a particularly heavily wooded area and dragged herself into the camper . 
 she had just enough energy to lock the door and place the pistol beside her hand before her body became lead . 
 she lay as if paralyzed , her heart beating fast , terrified by her own weakness . 
 she needed jacques , needed to touch that core of unbelievable power in him . 
 she needed to touch his iron will . 
 shea pictured him in her mind , found it slowed her heartbeat . 
 if she could just hold him , feel his arms around her . 
 and then somehow , incredibly , she could feel his arms , all corded strength , closing protectively around her , hear his heartbeat , strong and steady , matching the rhythm of hers . 
 shea brushed his face with her fingertips , her eyes closed , her mind on every detail of his sensual features . 
 they slept apart yet together , the uncomfortable sleep of mortals , always aware of the danger surrounding them , always aware of the leaden paralysis of their bodies . 
 shea , for the first time , experienced the power of holding a mind merge , of never being alone , the strength that came from two beings connected . 
 the long day passed slowly , the sun moving across the sky , shining brightly , hotly , then retreating just as slowly toward the mountains , sinking gracefully and colorfully into the sea . 
 the cave , only a few miles from shea 's cabin , was far beneath the earth . 
 the narrow passage leading to the maze of underground chambers and steamy pools was twisted and nearly impassable in spots . 
 in the smallest cave , beneath the rich soil , a single heart began to beat . 
 dirt spewed like a geyser , and byron burst from deep within the ground . 
 there was that brief moment of disorientation , and then his body shimmered , dissolved , became a mist streaming through the passageway and out into the darkening sky . 
 immediately the mist formed a large bird , and strong wings lifted the streamlined creature into the sky . 
 it circled the vast forest area , high above the canopy of foliage , then took off as if shot from a bow . 
 jacques , alone in the cabin , felt the disturbance even within the confines of the four walls . 
 he felt the power vibrating in the air and knew something dangerous was searching for him . 
 he kept his mind perfectly patterned as a human , aware if the other probed , he would believe the being in the cabin was human . 
 he felt the dark , winged shadow pass over him , the swift intrusion of another in his mind , and then the being was moving away . 
 jacques ? 
 shea 's query was soft , worried . 
 he is close by . 
 she read his mind easily . 
 jacques wanted her with him , close , so he could protect her , so that no other male would presume to claim her as he had . 
 he feared if she returned to him , she would come straight into the vampire 's trap , yet jacques could not bear the separation , could not leave her unprotected . 
 his mind was beginning to crumble , fracture , and his need of her was great . 
 shea leapt from the camper and flung herself into the driver 's seat . 
 i will be with you soon . 
 she felt his smile all the way to her heart . 
 jacques was beginning to remember humor . 
 you really like that i go my own way and make my own decisions , do n't you ? 
 she teased him , wanting to keep his mind as stable as possible until she was with him to give him an anchor . 
 do not bet on that , little red hair . 
 instant obedience is the ideal . 
 you wish . 
 shea found herself laughing in spite of being afraid . 
 it was silly to feel so lighthearted when they were facing danger and a difficult move ahead . 
 where could they go on such short notice ? 
 by the time she reached the cabin , three or four of their precious hours would be lost . 
 jacques stretched slowly , cautiously . 
 his body protested sharply . 
 pain had been his world for so long that he allowed it to wash over him , through him . 
 he could live forever with pain . 
 he could not live without shea . 
 he dragged himself to a sitting position . 
 the room lurched , spun crazily before righting itself . 
 almost immediately he could feel warm , sticky blood running the language of his people . 
 he knew pain intimately , had forgotten gut-wrenching agony . 
 it did not matter . 
 nothing mattered but that he protect his lifemate . 
 shea drove like a woman possessed , finding trails where there were none , over rotting logs and into rocky ravines . 
 sometimes she made good time , other times she crawled . 
 it was interesting driving at night . 
 she no longer needed headlights . 
 she could see as clearly as if it was day . 
 the moonlight spilled down to bathe the trees and bushes in silver . 
 it was beautiful , all colors of the spectrum vivid and detailed . 
 far away , a huge owl banked , circled a large , rambling house built into the cliffs , and approached it warily . 
 as the bird landed on a stone gate column , folded its wings , and shimmered into human shape , the wolf pack in the surrounding woods began to sing in warning . 
 almost at once a man emerged from the house . 
 lazily he glided from the fog-shrouded verandah across the grounds to the gates . 
 he was tall , dark-haired . 
 power emanated from his every pore . 
 he moved with the grace of a great jungle cat , the elegance of a prince . 
 his eyes were as black as the night and held a thousand secrets . 
 although there was no expression on his handsome , sensual features , there was danger , a quiet menace in the way he held himself . 
 `` byron . 
 it is long since you have visited us . 
 you did not send a call ahead . '' 
 no censure roughened the soft , musical , black-velvet voice , yet it was there in volumes . 
 byron cleared his throat , agitated , his dark eyes not quite meeting the other 's penetrating gaze . 
 `` i am sorry , mikhail , for my bad manners , but the news i bring is unsettling . 
 i came as fast as i could and still can not find the right words to tell you this . '' 
 mikhail dubrinsky waved a graceful hand . 
 one of the ancients , one of the most powerful , he had long ago learned patience . 
 `` i was late going to ground this dawn . 
 i had not fed , so i went to the village and summoned one of the locals to me . 
 when i entered the area , i sensed the presence of one of our kind , a woman . 
 she did not look as we do ; she is small , very slender , with dark red hair and green eyes . 
 i could tell she was weak , had not recently fed . 
 using our common mental path , i tried to communicate with her , but she did not respond . '' 
 `` you are certain she is one of us ? 
 it does not seem possible , byron . 
 our women are so few , one would not be wandering unprotected , uncared for , at dawn , unknown to us . '' 
 `` she is carpathian , mikhail , and she is unclaimed . '' 
 `` and you did not stay with her , guard her , bring her to me ? '' 
 the voice had dropped another octave , so soft it whispered with menace . 
 `` there is more . 
 there were bruises on her throat , ragged wounds , several of them . 
 her arms , too , were bruised . 
 this woman has been ill-used , mikhail . '' 
 a red flame glowed in the depths of the black eyes . 
 `` tell me what you are so reluctant to reveal . '' 
 the black velvet voice never hardened or increased in volume . 
 byron stood silent for a long moment , then steadily met the direct , penetrating stare . 
 `` jacques ' blood runs in her veins . 
 i would know his scent anywhere . '' 
 mikhail did not blink , his body utterly still . 
 `` jacques is dead . '' 
 byron shook his head . 
 `` i am not mistaken . 
 it is jacques . '' 
 the black eyes swept over byron once , then mikhail lifted his face , drinking in the night . 
 he sent a powerful call along a familiar path and met emptiness , blankness , a void . 
 `` he is dead , byron , '' he repeated softly , a clear warning to end the subject . 
 byron stood his ground , militarily erect . 
 `` i am not mistaken . '' 
 mikhail studied him for a time . 
 `` are you saying jacques misused this woman ? 
 perhaps turned a human ? '' 
 there was a low hiss accompanying the question . 
 at once the power in mikhail flowed from him to fill the air and surround them both . 
 `` she is carpathian , no vampiress . 
 and she visited the local clinic 's blood bank . 
 i do not know her connection to jacques , but there is one . '' 
 byron was adamant . 
 `` in any case , byron , we can do no other than find this mystery woman and protect her until such time as she is given a true lifemate . 
 i will tell raven i am going with you . 
 i do not wish her to hear of jacques . '' 
 that was spoken in the softest of tones , all the more menacing , an absolute edict . 
 beneath the words was a darker promise . 
 if mikhail ever found jacques alive , unable or unwilling to answer the call , swift and deadly retribution would follow . 
 and if the woman was a part of it ... byron sighed and looked up at the sky as mikhail dissolved into the fog . 
 wisps of clouds were beginning to move across the stars , and the land stirred restlessly , disturbed by an unseen danger . 
 mikhail emerged from the mist already shape-shifting , his powerful body taking flight as he did so . 
 byron had never mastered the speed mikhail had and was forced to change on the stone column before launching himself skyward . 
 the larger bird glided silently toward earth , razor-sharp talons extended as if coming in for a kill . 
 at the last moment it pulled up , wings beating strongly . 
 the woman , how old ? 
 young . 
 twenty , maybe a little older . 
 it was impossible to tell . 
 she knew our language , i could tell , but she spoke in english . 
 the accent was off . 
 american contractions and way of speaking , yet i heard a hint of irish brogue . 
 she deliberately drew attention to us . 
 none of their kind would do such a thing . 
 i was forced to leave her , as she knew would happen . 
 she was able to stay in the morning light longer than i was . 
 i know she is not a vampiress or that would not be so . 
 the two owls raced across the darkened sky , carried the breeze with them . 
 a low hiss heralded the building force of the wind . 
 below them , the trees swayed and dipped toward the forest floor . 
 small animals scurried nervously to their homes . 
 clouds drifted in , ominously blotting out the stars . 
 shea 's arms were beginning to ache as she bumped her way over uneven vegetation . 
 her fingers had gripped the steering wheel so hard they were nearly numb . 
 she was beginning to suspect she had somehow gotten lost when the truck bounced hard , splashed through a shallow creek , and she suddenly recognized the faint trail that led up to the old cabin . 
 breathing a sigh of relief , she turned onto it . 
 the grassy track was pitted with holes and rough with rocks , but she was familiar with its twists and turns , and she made good time . 
 twice she attempted to merge with jacques , but he resisted her efforts . 
 it worried her . 
 she told herself he was n't in danger . 
 she was certain she would know if the one called byron had found him , yet she could n't help being afraid something was very wrong . 
 she breathed an audible sigh of relief when she finally spotted the cabin . 
 it took a few moments to pry her fingers loose from the steering wheel and stretch the tightness from the muscles in her legs . 
 when she managed to slide from the cab , she stumbled , her legs unsteady . 
 the wind was beginning to pick up , tossing leaves and twigs around in tiny whirling eddies . 
 overhead the branches swayed and danced . 
 streaks of black and gray crossed the glittering stars , extinguishing them one by one . 
 clouds began to roll in , heavy looking and dark . 
 shivering , shea glanced up , certain the storm was a portent of danger . 
 hunger was gnawing , ever present , relentless . 
 it seemed to worsen every day , her weakness growing if she did n't have blood . 
 right now , though , nothing mattered except getting jacques to safety . 
 squaring her shoulders , she moved to the porch . 
 the cabin was dark ; jacques could n't open shutters or turn on lights . 
 shea unlocked and pushed open the door , anxious to see him . 
 jacques was up , leaning against the wall . 
 he wore a pair of soft cotton jeans and nothing else . 
 he looked gray , gaunt , lines of strain carved deeply into his handsome face . 
 the wound below his heart was trickling a steady stream of blood . 
 his feet were bare , his thick mane of hair wild and tangled . 
 a fine sheen of perspiration coated his body . 
 there was a crimson smear on his forehead , and beads of scarlet dotted his skin . 
 `` oh , god ! '' 
 shea 's heart nearly stopped . 
 she could taste fear in her suddenly dry mouth . 
 `` jacques , what have you done ? 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 she nearly leapt the distance separating them , not noticing how fast she was able to move . 
 she could feel tears burning in her throat , behind her eyes . 
 what jacques was doing to himself was making her physically ill . 
 `` why would you do this ? '' 
 her hands were gentle , tender , as she examined his gaping wound . 
 `` why did n't you wait for me ? '' 
 even as she caught him to her , the silliest thought ran through her head . 
 where had he gotten a pair of jeans that fit him ? 
 but it hardly mattered at that moment . 
 he will come this night , and i must protect you . 
 `` not like this you wo n't . 
 in case you have n't noticed , there 's a huge hole in your body . 
 you 're putting far too much stress on those sutures . 
 we have to lay you down . '' 
 he is coming . 
 `` i do n't care , jacques . 
 we can leave this place , travel all night if we have to . 
 we have guns . 
 maybe we ca n't kill him , but we can slow him down . '' 
 the truth was , shea was n't altogether certain she could shoot anyone . 
 she was a doctor , a surgeon , a healer . 
 the thought of taking a life was abhorrent to her . 
 she wanted to patch jacques up fast and get out of there . 
 avoiding trouble seemed easier than facing it . 
 he read her mind , her reluctance , easily . 
 do not worry , shea , i am quite capable of killing him . 
 he swayed against her , nearly toppling both of them to the floor . 
 `` i 'm not sure i consider that great news , '' she said between clenched teeth . 
 somehow they made it the few steps to the bed . 
 `` and if you could see yourself right now , you might not be so certain you could swat a fly . '' 
 jacques stretched his long frame out across the sheets , never once making a sound . 
 he kept his mind firmly closed , not wanting to share his agony with her . 
 it did n't matter ; shea could see it clearly etched in his face , in the white lines around his mouth and the bleak emptiness in his black eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry i left you alone . '' 
 she pushed back his thick mane , her fingers lingering in the blue-black strands . 
 with a sinking heart she began gathering her equipment . 
 moving was going to hurt him all over again , and once more she would be the one causing him pain . 
 it is not you torturing me , little red hair . 
 `` i know you think that , jacques , '' she answered tiredly , haphazardly securing the red hair falling around her face in a clip at the nape of her neck . 
 `` i hurt you when i brought you here , hurt you when i operated on you without painkillers , and i 'm going to be hurting you now . '' 
 shea shoved her tray of instruments close to the bed . 
 `` you 're losing too much blood again . 
 let me stop this , and then i 'll give you blood . '' 
 she bit her lip hard as she blotted the welling red fluid and examined the open wound . 
 outside the wind rattled at the windows , howled low , rubbed branches against the walls . 
 the sound was disturbing , raising the hairs on the back of shea 's neck . 
 a soft whisper , like the touch of death against her skin . 
 jacques caught her arm , staying her hand as she began repairing the damage . 
 he is here . 
 `` it 's the wind . '' 
 she did n't believe it , but there was nothing they could do until she had closed his wound . 
 the wind rose to an eerie scream . 
 thunder cracked as a whip of lightning danced and sizzled across the sky . 
 the heavy front door splintered , split . 
 shea whirled around , needle and suture clutched in her bloody hands . 
 jacques , bleeding and in agony , lying so pale and gray with scarlet beads of perspiration coating his body , attempted to sit up . 
 two men filled the doorway . 
 she recognized byron , but it was the man in front of him who drew her terrified gaze . 
 he was the most powerful individual she had ever encountered . 
 his eyes glowed a feral red . 
 there was something vaguely familiar about him , but shea was far too panic-stricken to attempt to identify what . 
 a cry of alarm escaped her . 
 she whirled around and snatched up the shotgun . 
 mikhail 's burst of speed made him a mere blur . 
 he easily wrenched the weapon from her hands and tossed it carelessly aside , his glowing eyes fixed on jacques . 
 a slow , venomous hiss escaped mikhail 's throat . 
 jacques met that burning gaze squarely , his own eyes filled with black fury mixed with defiant hatred and murderous resolve . 
 he tried to lunge at the heavier man , but mikhail leapt back , seized shea by her throat , and slammed her so hard against the wall that it knocked the breath from her body . 
 never had she felt such strength in a single hand . 
 he held her above his head , pinned to the wall , his fingers literally squeezing the life from her . 
 the very air in the cabin thickened , heavy and vibrating with violence , with malevolence . 
 even as byron roared a warning , a chair , seemingly of its own accord , jerked into the air , hovered , then shot across the room as if to crash against the back of mikhail 's head . 
 at the last possible second the powerful man slipped his head to one side , avoiding the chair , which then slammed into the wall and splintered into pieces very close to shea 's face . 
 mikhail turned to face jacques , dragging shea in front of him , his fingers digging deep into her neck . 
 `` what have you done to him ? '' 
 he demanded , his voice low and crawling with menace . 
 he shook her like a rag doll . 
 his voice drooped an octave . 
 low . 
 insidious . 
 it wrapped shea in velvet . 
 tell me what you did to him . 
 the voice was in her head , yet not on the same path jacques used . 
 with her last ounce of strength she fought him , struggling for breath , struggling to keep him from pushing into her mind . 
 another chair flew at mikhail from his left . 
 a slight wave of his hand stopped it in midair . 
 it hovered there for seconds , then dropped harmlessly to the floor . 
 all the while those terrible fingers never left her throat , never let up that vise-like grip . 
 he was crushing her easily , strangling her with one hand . 
 shea was gasping , laboring to breathe . 
 the room whirled , turned black , little white spots shooting at her from all directions . 
 jacques felt her losing consciousness , and the beast broke free , his mind a killing frenzy . 
 he launched himself from the bed , a blurred streak of lethal fury , the need to defend shea , to kill her attacker , paramount . 
 mikhail was forced to leap aside , releasing shea , who collapsed on the floor , unable to do anything but lie there , desperately trying to breathe . 
 `` jacques . '' 
 mikhail 's voice was low and compelling . 
 `` i am your brother . 
 do you not know me ? '' 
 he made several attempts to touch the shattered mind , found only a ferocious need to kill . 
 he glanced helplessly at byron , a question in his eyes . 
 byron shook his head . 
 can you control him ? 
 there is no path , no fragment i can seize . 
 mikhail had to streak across the room to avoid jacques ' next attack , two lamps hurtling toward his head at bullet speed . 
 he reappeared in a far corner , raking a hand through his heavy fall of hair . 
 jacques dragged himself across the floor to shea , propped himself up in a sitting position against the wall , attempting to shield her body with his . 
 shea smelled fresh blood , then realized a shower of it splattered her arm and side . 
 she looked around , dazed and confused , before she realized what was happening . 
 jacques ! 
 shewas on him in seconds , clamping hard on the wound , forgetting everything but her need to save him . 
 `` you have three choices , '' she snapped over her shoulder at the intruders . 
 `` kill us both now and get it over , leave us , or help me save him . '' 
 she heard only silence . 
 `` damn it ! 
 choose ! '' 
 her voice was husky and raw from her near-strangulation , but it was clearly that of a professional . 
 mikhail leapt to help her . 
 jacques , perceiving an attack , knocked shea backward and , growling like a wild animal , placed his body before hers . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 shea spat at mikhail . 
 she merged herself completely with jacques . 
 her heart slammed so hard , she was afraid it might burst . 
 there was nothing there but a red haze of violence , a killing fury she could n't get through to reach him . 
 mikhail instantly dissolved , reappearing some distance away . 
 jacques , let me help you . 
 shea pleaded softly , trying to reach into his mind , trying to soothe him , calm him . 
 he snarled at her , fangs gleaming , a clear warning to stay behind him . 
 `` he has turned , mikhail , '' byron murmured . 
 `` he is dangerous even to the woman . 
 we can not afford to lose her . '' 
 shea ignored them , whispered soothing nonsense in her mind , trying desperately to anchor jacques back in reality . 
 her hands once more found his wound . 
 they wo n't touch me , wild man . 
 they 'll stay away from us . 
 please let me help you or i 'll have no protection from them . 
 i will be alone . 
 she refused to lose him to injury or insanity . 
 outsiders might kill them , but she would never allow his wounds or his madness to defeat her . 
 she was afraid for him , and she was afraid of him , but she would not desert him . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 mikhail demanded softly . 
 `` my instrument tray , '' she answered , not looking at him , not even turning her head . 
 her entire focus was on calming jacques . 
 `` your surgery is barbaric . 
 i 'll call our healer . '' 
 he sent the imperious mental summons immediately . 
 `` he 'll be dead by then . 
 damn you , get out of here if you wo n't help me , '' shea snapped furiously . 
 `` i ca n't fight both of you , and i 'm not going to let him die because you do n't like my methods . '' 
 cautiously , so as not to arouse jacques ' wrath , mikhail shoved the tray across the floor . 
 it slid within a few inches of shea 's hand . 
 jacques never once took his eyes from the two men , staring at them with hatred and the dark promise of retaliation . 
 when shea moved , he mirrored her movements as if he knew before she did what she was going to do , so that his larger frame continuously shielded her from the others even as it crushed her against the wall . 
 `` get me fresh soil . '' 
 shea 's voice was hoarse , but authoritative . 
 she kept her every movement slow and cautious , to avoid alarming jacques . 
 byron shrugged and reluctantly did her bidding , his eyes meeting mikhail 's across the room . 
 it was clear byron believed that jacques presented a real danger to all of them . 
 shea coughed several times , her throat swollen under the clear imprint of mikhail 's fingers . 
 slowly rising to kneel beside jacques , keeping her hands steady , her concentration total , she used tiny clamps and stitches to meticulously repair his reopened wound . 
 it was slow , tedious work , and she fought to maintain her mental link with him as she sutured , dividing her mind between maintaining a constant tranquil , soothing touch to hold him to her and ensuring he did not bleed out . 
 jacques was a seething cauldron of violent emotions . 
 his eyes , hard and watchful , never left the other two males . 
 once he lifted his hand , brushed aside her silky hair , his fingertips feathering over the bruise on her temple where he had knocked her against the wall . 
 when his hand fell away , shea was afraid he took with it her last link to him . 
 she packed the wound with soil and saliva and straightened slowly . 
 `` you need blood , jacques . '' 
 she said it softly , gently , an invitation . 
 he had to survive , had to live . 
 every cell in her body demanded it . 
 he did not take his soulless eyes from mikhail and byron . 
 she had never seen such relentless hatred in anyone 's gaze before . 
 he neither looked at her nor acknowledged her efforts . 
 not once did a hint of pain show on his face . 
 `` my blood is ancient , powerful , '' mikhail said softly . 
 `` i will give him mine . '' 
 he glided closer with fluid grace , no sudden moves to alarm jacques . 
 shea felt jacques ' savage triumph , felt him gathering his strength . 
 before mikhail was within striking distance she flung herself between them . 
 `` no ! 
 he 'll kill you , he intends to - '' jacques ' grip was terrifying , slamming her back down to his side , his fist in her hair . 
 his fury was a tangible thing . 
 his eyes holding mikhail 's , he bent his dark head and sank his teeth into the side of shea 's neck . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 byron rushed forward , but mikhail stopped him with a raised hand , his black gaze locked with jacques ' . 
 white-hot heat , a burning brand . 
 shea understood jacques was furious at her interference , and this display was to tempt the others to intercede , to draw them within his cruel reach . 
 she lay perfectly still , accepting of his violent nature . 
 he was so close to complete madness that one false move would send him careening over the edge . 
 she was tired anyway , and sore , every part of her aching . 
 her lashes drifted down , a heavy lethargy stealing over her . 
 she would easily trade her life for jacques ' . 
 he was n't taking anything from her she was n't willing to give . 
 `` you 're killing her , jacques , '' mikhail said quietly . 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 he stood there motionless , his black eyes watchful , thoughtful . 
 `` stop him , '' byron grated between his teeth . 
 `` he 's taking too much blood . 
 he 's deliberately hurting her . '' 
 mikhail 's cool black eyes swept over byron just once , but it was enough of a command , enough of a warning . 
 byron shook his head but remained silent . 
 `` he will not kill her , '' mikhail said in his same quiet voice . 
 `` he is waiting for one of us to try to stop him . 
 it is the two of us he intends to kill . 
 he thinks to draw us to him . 
 he will not take the chance of leaving her side , so we will not be idiotic enough to go near him . 
 he will not harm her . 
 go outside . 
 while you are out there , find something to repair the door . 
 i will follow you . '' 
 byron went reluctantly , waited on the porch for mikhail to join him . 
 `` you are taking a chance with her life , mikhail . 
 she is no vampiress , and he is clearly abusing her . 
 she can not afford such blood loss . 
 jacques was my friend , but what is in that cottage is no longer one of us . 
 he recognizes neither of us . 
 you can not control him . 
 no one can . '' 
 `` she can . 
 he has not turned . 
 he is injured , sick . '' 
 mikhail said it softly , his black-velvet voice certain . 
 furious , byron turned away . 
 `` i should have taken the woman . '' 
 `` make no mistake , byron , as weak as he is , jacques is still extremely formidable . 
 before his disappearance he spent many years studying . 
 the last years he hunted . 
 with his mind so damaged , he is more beast than man , a predator , but with the intelligence and cunning of a learned one . 
 and you were not paying attention in there . 
 whoever the female is , she is fighting to save him at great cost to herself . 
 i believe she has chosen . '' 
 `` the ritual has not been completed . 
 she has not lain with him . 
 we would know , '' byron said stubbornly and began to pace restlessly . 
 `` there are many of us without a woman , and yet you allow this risk . '' 
 `` there is only one lifemate . 
 she obviously belongs with jacques . '' 
 `` we do not know that . 
 if he were not your brother ... '' byron began . 
 a low snarl stopped him . 
 `` i see no reason for you to question my judgment in this matter , byron . 
 i have had more than one brother , and i have never let fraternity stand in the way of what is just or right . '' 
 `` it was gregori who hunted your other brother , '' byron pointed out . 
 jacques sat on the floor , aware of the wall at his back , the woman lying so still in his arms . 
 dark , violent emotions swirled ; his body shook with the need to kill his enemies . 
 a ribbon of sanity moved through his mind , caught his attention . 
 both intruders had been familiar to him . 
 someone he knew and trusted . 
 a silent snarl revealed his sharp fangs . 
 betrayers sometimes ran in packs . 
 they thought him weak , but he was faster than all but the ancient ones . 
 he had honed his fighting skills , his mental powers . 
 they would not torture and kill his woman . 
 shea . 
 hername was a soft , clear breeze blowing gently through his mind . 
 shea . 
 a single candle leapt into flame , a light to guide him through the layers of black fury . 
 he felt her then , small and slender in the circle of his arms . 
 her skin was soft , her hair , against his bare chest , like skeins of silk . 
 he dropped his chin to the top of her head and rubbed gently , tenderly . 
 it took a few moments before he realized her body was limp , cold , nearly lifeless , laboring for blood . 
 an anguished cry broke from him . 
 he pulled her head back , saw the bruises and torn flesh at her throat . 
 shea , do not leave me ! 
 the plea was wrenched from his heart . 
 had he done this ? 
 the fingerprints were not his , but the ripped flesh ? 
 had he done this to her ? 
 a ripple of unease ran through the very land , the ground shifting , rolling . 
 donot leave me , shea . 
 jacques tore at his wrist with his teeth , trickled life-giving fluid into her mouth . 
 come on , little red hair , try . 
 his life force ran down her throat . 
 he stroked the swollen column , forcing her to swallow . 
 you can not leave me in darkness . 
 he could not remember attacking her , yet somehow , his heart in his throat , jacques knew he had done this . 
 he was insane . 
 outside the wind rushed through the mountains , and thunder cracked . 
 the dark clouds burst , and rain pelted down in sheets . 
 out of the trees loped a huge black wolf with pale , burning eyes . 
 as he approached the small porch , the powerful body contorted , stretched , shape-shifted into a heavily muscled man with wide shoulders , long dark hair , and slashing silver eyes . 
 he stepped onto the porch out of the pouring rain and regarded the two men facing him . 
 the tension was tangible between mikhail and byron . 
 mikhail , as always , was inscrutable . 
 byron looked like a thundercloud . 
 the newcomer 's eyebrows went up , and he leaned close to byron . 
 `` the last time someone got mikhail seriously angry , it was not a pretty sight . 
 i do not wish to attempt to replace major organs in your body , so go take a walk and cool off . '' 
 the voice was beautiful , with a singsong cadence - compelling , soothing even , yet it clearly commanded . 
 it was a voice so hypnotic , so mesmerizing , even those of their kind were drawn into its power . 
 gregori . 
 the dark one . 
 ancient , powerful , instrument of justice . 
 he dismissed byron by simply turning his back and addressing mikhail . 
 `` when you sent the call , you said it was jacques , yet i can not detect him . 
 i have tried to touch him , but there is only emptiness . '' 
 `` it is jacques , yet he is not the same . 
 not turned , but he has been severely injured . 
 he does not recognize us , and he is extremely dangerous . 
 i can not restrain him without further injuring him . '' 
 `` he fought you ? '' 
 the voice , as always , was mild , even gentle . 
 `` absolutely , and he would again . 
 he is more wild animal than man , and there is no reaching him . 
 he will kill us if he can find the strength . '' 
 gregori inhaled the wild night air . 
 `` who is this woman ? '' 
 `` she is carpathian , but she does not know our ways or respond in any way to our normal means of communication . 
 she seems trained in the human practice of healing . '' 
 `` a doctor ? '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 he protects her , yet he is abusive , as if he can not separate right from wrong . 
 i think he is trapped in a world of madness . '' 
 the silver eyes flickered . 
 there was a latent cruelty in gregori 's dark , sensual features , the clear stamp of a dangerous predator . 
 `` you have no knowledge of what happened to him ? '' 
 mikhail shook his head slowly . 
 `` i have no idea , no explanation . 
 i did not ask the woman . 
 i attacked her , would have killed her , thinking her my brother 's assailant . '' 
 mikhail confessed it without changing tone , a simple , quiet admission . 
 `` he was in bad shape , in obvious agony , sweating blood , and she stood over him , digging in his wound . 
 there was so much blood , i thought her a vampiress , deranged , tormenting him , trying to eviscerate him . '' 
 there was a small silence , only the wind and rain daring to comment . 
 gregori simply waited , his body as still as the mountains . 
 mikhail shrugged . 
 `` perhaps there was no thought , just reaction . 
 i could not touch his mind with mine . 
 the suffering on his face was more than i could bear . '' 
 `` the storm is not yours , '' gregori stated . 
 `` jacques has grown far more powerful than i realized . 
 there is a darkness in him unlike any i have ever observed . 
 he is not vampire , but he is truly dangerous . 
 let us go in and see if i can repair the damage . '' 
 `` go carefully , gregori , '' mikhail cautioned . 
 the silver eyes glittered , reflected the driving sheets of rain . 
 `` i am known for my careful ways , am i not ? '' 
 gregori glided through the broken door ; mikhail , shaking his head over the outrageous lie , followed one step behind . 
 jacques ' head snapped up , a black fury smoldering in his eyes as he tracked them . 
 a long , slow hiss of warning escaped from deep in his throat . 
 gregori stopped , held his hands away from his sides in the age-old gesture of a peacemaker . 
 mikhail leaned against the doorjamb , so completely still , he seemed to become part of the wall itself . 
 he was well aware that he had made a major mistake in his attack upon the woman . 
 `` i am gregori , jacques . '' 
 gregori 's voice was power itself , yet soft and soothing . 
 `` a healer for our people . '' 
 shea was lying across jacques , her head on his shoulder , her eyes closed . 
 she groaned - a low , husky sound that added fuel to jacques ' rage . 
 his fingers brushed the dark smudges along her swollen throat , and he turned a murderous gaze on mikhail . 
 `` leave us alone . '' 
 her voice was barely a whisper , hoarse and raw . 
 she did not open her eyes or try to move `` i can help him , '' gregori persisted , using his same compelling tone . 
 the woman was so obviously the key to reaching jacques . 
 it was in the way he held her , the protective posture of his body , the way his eyes moved possessively , even tenderly , over her face . 
 his hands were continually caressing her , stroking her hair , her skin . 
 at the underlying command in gregori 's beautiful voice , her long eyelashes lifted , and she studied his face . 
 he was savagely beautiful , a blend of elegance and untamed beast . 
 he looked more dangerous than the other two strangers did . 
 shea made an effort to swallow , but it hurt . 
 `` you look like an ax murderer to me . '' 
 this one has brains . 
 mikhail 's soft laughter echoed in gregori 's head . 
 she sees beyond that handsome face of yours . 
 you are so funny , ancient one . 
 gregori deliberately reminded him of the quarter of a century difference in their ages . 
 jacques is gathering himself for the attack . 
 hear the wind pick up outside . 
 he was silent for a moment , searching every path known to him . 
 i can not find a single fragment to reach him , and she is very resistant to mental compulsion . 
 i can use her , but he will know what i am doing . 
 he will fight me , fearing i am taking her from him . 
 she is too weak to survive such a struggle . 
 can you immobilize him ? 
 send him to sleep ? 
 not in his present state of agitation . 
 he is more animal than man and more dangerous than you can know . 
 gregori gave a slight bow toward shea , continuing his conversation aloud with her . 
 `` nevertheless , i am a healer for our people . 
 i can help jacques , but i will need information . '' 
 jacques ' palm slid from shea 's throat , down her shoulder , to tighten around her arm . 
 do not listen to him . 
 they speak to one another without our knowledge . 
 they are not to be trusted . 
 the words were hissed , low and commanding . 
 already his brief moment of sanity was beginning to slip away with the intrusion of other males so near to shea . 
 if he is a healer for your people , he can make you well faster than i ever could . 
 let 's at least listen to him . 
 shea kept her voice as soothing and as unafraid as she was able . 
 she was tired and wanted to drift away , but she would not desert jacques . 
 `` you speak with jacques in the way of our people . '' 
 gregori said , `` as a true lifemate . '' 
 his eyes were on the strong fingers circling her arm . 
 `` you must not sleep . 
 you are his sanity . 
 without you we can not help him . '' 
 shea 's tongue darted out , touched her lower lip . 
 her small teeth bit nervously . 
 `` tell us something about jacques , '' she challenged . 
 `` prove you have met him before and are friends to him . '' 
 `` he is mikhail 's brother , lost to us these seven years . 
 we sought him and , thinking him dead , sought his body . 
 mikhail , byron , and i have all exchanged blood with jacques . 
 it strengthens out telepathic communication . 
 we should have been able to reach him . 
 when none of us could feel him , we all were certain he was dead . '' 
 shea took a deep , calming breath for both her and jacques . 
 these men were powerful and dangerous . 
 although the healer looked as if he might be the prince of darkness , there was a sincerity about him . 
 but his words were fanning the smoldering embers of jacques ' killing rage . 
 she tried to keep him as calm as she could . 
 `` i found him buried in the cellar of a burned-down structure about six miles from here . '' 
 jacques ' grip on shea tightened to the point of pain . 
 do not tell them anything . 
 jacques . 
 she said his name gently . 
 you are hurting me . 
 gregori nodded . 
 `` he lived there on and off before he disappeared . 
 this cabin is mikhail 's . 
 years ago jacques guarded mikhail 's wife in this place , fought a betrayer to save her . 
 he nearly died here . '' 
 he saw a flash of hope in the woman 's eyes . 
 gregori knew her control of jacques was but a slender thread . 
 he had to reach her , get her on their side . 
 she recognized the truth of something he had said . 
 `` after that incident , we left this area for a while . 
 about eight years ago , jacques returned to his home near here . 
 there was much danger that year and the next . 
 humans and carpathians alike were being murdered . 
 mikhail , jacques , aidan , and i were hunting the assassins . 
 jacques was supposed to rejoin us in three days several hundred miles south of here . 
 when he did not meet us and did not answer our summons , we came to his home . 
 it was completely destroyed . 
 we could not detect his life force , nor did he answer our calls . '' 
 jacques venomous hiss called him a liar . 
 red flames leapt and burned in the depths of his eyes . 
 i called and called , shea . 
 do not believe this betrayer . 
 the strength of his grip on her arm increased , threatening to crush her bones . 
 perhaps i can learn from him , something to help us . 
 shea swayed wearily , was forced to lean against jacques ' chest for support . 
 my arm hurts . 
 she was so tired . 
 if she could just sleep ... everything seemed to be blurring together , the voices fading as if coming from a great distance . 
 gregori 's silver gaze met mikhail 's dark one . 
 the woman is weak , perhaps in more immediate need than jacques . 
 if we lose her , he is lost to us . 
 there is no doubt in my mind that she is all that is keeping him with us . 
 she is his only link to sanity . 
 `` now you tell me more , '' gregori prompted shea as mikhail nodded his understanding . 
 they were aware of jacques ' terrible grip on her arm . 
 gregori needed to keep her conscious and willing to aid them . 
 `` what of jacques ' wounds ? '' 
 `` he was tortured , burned . 
 a wooden stake the size of your fist was driven through his body . 
 that is the worst wound . 
 he remembers two humans and one he refers to as a betrayer . '' 
 her voice was very weak . 
 a single sound escaped mikhail , a low , ominous growl that sent a shiver racing along shea 's spine . 
 a vampire , mikhail hissed to gregori . 
 avampire turned him over to humans to be tortured and murdered . 
 no doubt . 
 gregori was matter-of-fact . 
 he did n't even glance in mikhail 's direction , his entire focus on the woman . 
 he had to keep her from slipping away , and she was very close to doing just that . 
 it was only her determination to save jacques that kept her from succumbing to the blood loss and fatigue and pain . 
 `` he was chained and manacled at the wrists and ankles . 
 buried upright in a coffin in the cellar wall . '' 
 she made a determined effort to speak clearly , but her throat was very sore , and she was so tired . 
 `` there were well over a hundred deep cuts on his body and as many shallow ones . 
 he lived a prisoner of the earth , in terrible agony during his waking time for seven years . 
 it has done something to his mind . 
 jacques remembers very little of his past . 
 bits and pieces only . 
 most of his memories are of pain and madness . '' 
 shea closed her eyes , exhausted . 
 she just wanted them all to go away so she could sleep . 
 her heart was laboring , sweat beaded on her body , and her limbs were like lead . 
 it was almost too difficult to keep her eyes open . 
 `` the one who betrayed him was someone he knew and trusted . '' 
 `` jacques . '' 
 gregori 's voice dropped even lower so that it seemed to whisper - low , compelling , beautiful . 
 `` your woman is in need of care . 
 i offer my services as a healer to both of you . 
 i give you my word that at no time will i attempt harm to your woman . '' 
 let him , jacques . 
 no ! 
 it is a trick . 
 shea stirred , tried to sit up on her own , but was too weak . 
 look at us , wild man . 
 they could easily kill us . 
 i 'm so tired , i ca n't hang on anymore . 
 jacques turned it over in his mind . 
 he knew something was wrong with him , but he trusted none of them . 
 he gave in only because he sensed shea 's health was even more precarious than his . 
 stay close to me . 
 shea 's hand came up , fluttered weakly . 
 she pushed the tangled mane of hair from her face wearily . 
 `` he says you may help him . '' 
 `` we will have to get you to the bed , jacques . '' 
 gregori 's voice dispelled the thick tension in the room , pushed it aside to replace it with clean , fragrant air . 
 `` mikhail , i will need herbs . 
 you know which ones . 
 tell byron to bring me plenty of rich soil from the steam chamber in the caves . '' 
 gregori glided closer to the couple , his graceful elegance failing to conceal the rippling strength of his muscles and the power emanating from his body . 
 he looked totally confident , relaxed , completely fearless . 
 the soft rumbling in jacques ' throat increased ; his fingers tightened possessively , crushing bones and tendon in shea 's upper arm . 
 gregori stopped moving immediately . 
 `` i am sorry , woman , i know you are weak , but you will have to move to the other side of him or he will not allow me to help , '' gregori instructed calmly . 
 what we need , mikhail , is raven 's calming influence . 
 you look about as reassuring as a bengal tiger . 
 oh , and you look like a bunny rabbit , mikhail scoffed . 
 `` you could have brought raven along , '' gregori chided softly , aloud . 
 `` you bring her along on every other dangerous thing she should not be involved in . '' 
 that was a clear reprimand . 
 `` you might have brought her where she could actually do some good . '' 
 through the open doorway suddenly stepped a small woman , long ebony hair braided intricately , huge blue eyes flashing at mikhail . 
 as byron shouldered his way inside behind her , she gave him a friendly smile and stood on her toes to brush his chin with a kiss . 
 mikhail stiffened , then immediately wrapped a possessive arm around her waist . 
 `` carpathian women do not do that kind of thing , '' he reprimanded her . 
 she tilted her chin at him , in no way intimidated . 
 `` that 's because carpathian males have such a territorial mentality - you know , a beat-their-chest , swing-from-the-trees sort of thing . '' 
 she turned her head to look at the couple lying on the floor . 
 her indrawn breath was audible . 
 `` jacques . '' 
 she whispered his name , tears in her voice and in her blue eyes . 
 `` it really is you . '' 
 eluding mikhail 's outstretched , detaining hand , she ran to him . 
 let her , gregori persuaded softly . 
 look at him . 
 jacques ' gaze was fastened on the woman 's face , the red flames receding from his eyes as she approached . 
 `` i 'm raven , jacques . 
 do n't you remember me ? 
 mikhail , your brother , is my lifemate . '' 
 raven dropped to her knees beside the couple . 
 `` thank god you 're alive . 
 i ca n't believe how lucky we are . 
 who did this to you ? 
 who took you from us ? '' 
 shea felt the ripple of awareness in her mind . 
 jacques ' shock . 
 his curiosity . 
 he recognized those tear-filled blue eyes . 
 shea caught a glimpse , a fragment of memory , the woman bending over him , her hands clamped to his throat , pressing soil and saliva into a pumping wound . 
 shea held her breath , waiting . 
 jacques ' silent cry of despair echoed in her head . 
 she forced herself to move , found his hand with hers , silently supporting him as she regarded the woman kneeling beside her . 
 you did n't tell me she was so beautiful , shea reprimanded deliberately . 
 in the midst of jacques ' pain and agony , his possessive fury and maniacal madness , something seemed to melt the ice-cold core of murderous resolve . 
 the urge to smile at that feminine , edgy tone came out of nowhere . 
 something snarling to be set free retreated , and the tension in him eased visibly . 
 isshe ? 
 jacques asked innocently . 
 shea 's green eyes touched his face , and warmth spread further inside him . 
 and the beast was temporarily leashed . 
 `` is this your lifemate , jacques ? '' 
 raven asked softly . 
 shea looked at her then , this woman who had been a part of jacques ' life . 
 `` i 'm shea o'halloran . '' 
 her voice was husky and ragged . 
 `` jacques has been unable to use his voice since i found him . '' 
 raven touched shea 's bruised throat with gentle fingers . 
 `` someone had better tell me what happened here . '' 
 her blue eyes were studying the dark smudges closely . 
 `` help her to the bed , '' gregori interceded , distracting raven from her study . 
 you owe me one , old friend , he sent to mikhail . 
 raven smiled very gently at jacques . 
 `` do you mind if i help her ? 
 shea is quite weak . '' 
 not waiting for his approval , she slipped an arm around shea 's waist , supporting her as she tried to stand . 
 instantly shea felt the ripple of unease coursing through jacques . 
 the others felt it as the ground shifted and rolled . 
 the flames in his eyes glowed a brilliant red , and a slow hiss escaped him . 
 raven glared at mikhail over her shoulder . 
 he shrugged helplessly . 
 i am not doing it , little one . 
 jacques is unstable . 
 he does not like the woman apart from him . 
 temper tantrums seem to run in your family . 
 ravenwas careful to keep shea close as gregori lifted jacques in his arms . 
 with his tremendous strength , the healer carried jacques as if he were a child and gently laid him on the bed . 
 jacques did n't so much as look at him . 
 his eyes were always on shea . 
 raven made certain shea was beside him every step of the way . 
 `` lie close to him , shea , '' gregori instructed . 
 he stepped back so raven could help her into the bed . 
 the woman was very weak and could not survive another attack . 
 all of them had to take great care not to set jacques off . 
 raven lit the candle mikhail produced , then lit pungent herbs . 
 mikhail , byron , and raven all joined together , in low murmurs reciting the ancient healing chant in the language of their people . 
 gregori laid his hands on jacques , closed his eyes , and sent himself seeking outside his own body and into jacques ' . 
 the physical wounds had begun to heal , with the exception of the one shea had just repaired . 
 gregori examined her work , found it flawless . 
 she was a true healer , human or not . 
 few could have equaled her medical expertise . 
 he began the painstaking project of healing jacques from the inside out . 
 jacques was uncomfortably aware of another 's presence in his body , in his mind , of a new burning sensation inside him . 
 the presence was vaguely familiar . 
 the chant , the scent of herbs , and the flickering candlelight also seemed familiar . 
 but he could n't catch the memories and hold on to them . 
 as fast as they shimmered in front of him , they swirled in a teasing eddy , crystallized , and dissolved . 
 automatically , in his frustration and hopelessness , he reached for shea , the one path his mind knew and could hold on to . 
 she was drifting , floating , yet she watched gregori intently , trying to follow his every move despite her physical weakness . 
 as always , information was massing , computing in her brain at a speed that amazed jacques . 
 he concentrated on her , found she was terribly weak , her blood volume insufficient . 
 alarmed , jacques jerked himself from the half-trance the healing ritual had induced and clamped his hand like a vise around the healer 's forearm . 
 gregori instantly withdrew from the wounds in jacques ' body . 
 the room fell dead silent ; the very air itself stilled , thickened . 
 the flames vanished from the candles , plunging the room into the total darkness of night , yet it was no darkness to the group . 
 little beads of perspiration dotted gregori 's forehead , the only indication of how difficult the healing process was on the healer . 
 silver eyes slashed to the hand gripping his forearm , jumped to jacques ' gaunt face . 
 there was the glitter of death in those pale eyes . 
 jacques met the ice-cold gaze , stare for stare . 
 his mind struggled to tune itself , find a path . 
 when he could not , jacques reached for his voice . 
 the words formed in his brain but were lost before his vocal cords could find them . 
 black fury swirled at his own inadequacy , but he pushed it aside . 
 shea needed blood , needed help . 
 he had caused her enough suffering . 
 `` blood . '' 
 the single word was more of a growl than anything else , but the healer heard . 
 gregori regarded him dispassionately , silent for a long moment . 
 his movements were unhurried as with his free hand he calmly punctured his own wrist just above jacques ' menacing fingers . 
 his silver gaze remained locked with jacques ' . 
 gregori 's blood was powerful , ancient like mikhail 's . 
 it would speed the healing process as no other 's could . 
 rich blood dripped and beckoned as he offered it silently to the carpathian male lying so battered and torn , yet so willing to do battle . 
 hunger rose so swiftly and sharply in jacques that it was a compulsion . 
 he dragged the proffered wrist to his mouth and fed voraciously , at last finding the hot , rich blood he needed to survive , to heal and grow strong , to pass on to shea . 
 the liquid nourishment poured into his starved body , spreading to every withered cell . 
 tissues and muscles swelled with strength . 
 power surged through him , built and built until he felt alive , really alive . 
 until colors were vivid , brilliant even , until the sounds of the night beckoned and called to him as one of them . 
 creature of the night . 
 `` enough . '' 
 gregori 's voice was a whisper of beauty , of purity , so compelling it would have been nearly impossible to disobey him , jacques closed the wound on gregori 's wrist and immediately reached for shea . 
 he pulled her into the circle of his arms , cradling her light , nearly insubstantial body to him . 
 he focused his attention , blocked out his own pain and merged his mind firmly with shea 's . 
 you must feed . 
 he could feel the ripple of unease running through her body . 
 she turned her face from him . 
 i ca n't , jacques , not with them here . 
 i 'm so tired , just let me sleep . 
 you must , little red hair . 
 hestrengthened the command . 
 feed . 
 as weak as she was , shea resisted him , her hand going to her pounding head . 
 do n't make me do this in front of them . 
 the little catch in her words warmed his soul . 
 her words created an intimacy between them that belonged . 
 he had been insane , a mad darkness taking hold of him , but she had been there , by his side , fighting for him , believing in him . 
 he owed her more than his life , he owed her his sanity . 
 there is only you and me , my love . 
 feed now . 
 you must do so to survive , so we both survive . 
 there was no way to deny him . 
 jacques ' will was iron , his voice hypnotic , his mind locked with hers and reinforced the command . 
 shea was weak and tired and hurting . 
 she sank into the compulsion , nuzzling his neck , his throat , her lips soft satin skimming across his chest . 
 jacques bent over her to give her what privacy he could from the others in the room . 
 his body clenched hotly , unexpectedly , as her tongue swirled over his pulse . 
 his fingers tightened in her hair , and he glanced up , angry that the intruders were witnessing their intimacy . 
 gregori was in a far corner , leaning against the wall , his dark head bent to mikhail 's wrist , clearly replenishing his own blood supply . 
 raven was on her knees , picking up the shattered glass of a lantern , soaking up the oil with a towel . 
 byron was working on the door . 
 his eyes alone slid over the couple , dwelt on the curve of shea 's hip , her abundance of wine-red hair . 
 there was helpless envy in byron 's stare , and jacques deliberately shielded shea 's face from his view , knowing she still had an aversion to the necessary and natural function of taking blood . 
 her tongue stroked across the steady pulse in his neck , and his heart jumped in response . 
 his body stirred restlessly , need rising . 
 soft velvet caress , moist and erotic . 
 his blood surged hotly . 
 shea had far too much passion in her to simply yield to compulsion . 
 this was jacques , and her body craved his . 
 her natural inhibitions slipped away . 
 her small teeth barely scraped his skin , but it was enough to send darts of fire racing through his bloodstream . 
 he had to bite back a groan as the white-hot heat pierced his skin and he flowed into her , his very life force , his very soul . 
 her hand curled around the back of his neck , another intimacy binding them together like the silken skeins of her hair . 
 she did n't simply drink , she feasted . 
 her mouth moved seductively , her body restlessly , deliberately enticing his . 
 jacques wanted her with a hunger he had never known . 
 he lowered his head to brush her temple with his lips . 
 so , gregori . 
 mikhail 's voice was a mere thread of sound in the healer 's mind . 
 tell me what you found . 
 the woman would have healed his wounds eventually . 
 she is an excellent physician . 
 it is a miracle he managed to keep himself alive until she found him . 
 his mind is completely shattered , mikhail . 
 very dark and violent . 
 he has bound the woman to him , and the tie is strong . 
 gregori 's reply was thoughtful . 
 why do i hear the inevitable but in there ? 
 mikhail , a little weak from donating blood , sat down to rest . 
 gregori righted a chair and sat facing him . 
 i think he turned the woman , maybe accidentally , maybe on purpose . 
 she is carpathian , yet human . 
 she is weak , as if her internal organs had very recently suffered a trauma . 
 how could you know this ? 
 you have not touched her , mikhail pointed out . 
 his mind never quite releases hers completely . 
 she anchors him . 
 he is extremely dangerous , mikhail . 
 his rage seethes in him . 
 a good part of him is pure animal instinct . 
 his nature is predatory you know that . 
 what was done to him has shaped his life for all time . 
 that i can not change . 
 mikhail rubbed his forehead , unconsciously sought to touch raven 's mind with his . 
 immediately she was there , flooding him with warmth , surrounding him with love . 
 his lifemate could take away every sadness with one melting look from her blue eyes , one touch of her mind to his . 
 mikhail mentally laced his fingers through raven 's , even as he turned to gregori . 
 do you think he will turn ? 
 gregori gave the mental equivalent of a shrug . 
 i think he is dangerous either way . 
 only the woman can control him . 
 she is the answer to that . 
 if i am correct and she knows nothing of our ways , it will be difficult . 
 she is determined he survive , but i sense she has accepted that it is inevitable that she die . 
 she has no clear idea of what she has been committed to here . 
 mikhail glanced at his brother , saw him gently , even tenderly stroke back shea 's hair . 
 the gesture touched his heart . 
 gregori sighed . 
 it is obvious how he feels , but he does not always know what he is doing . 
 he is quite capable of harming her if something triggers the beast in him . 
 mikhail rubbed the heel of his hand over his forehead . 
 the jacques he knew and loved was so different . 
 his laughter came readily , and compassion always tempered his predatory nature . 
 jacques was so intelligent , so easy to love . 
 long after jacques had lost his ability to feel his emotions , he had retained the memory of them . 
 he had often helped the older males to recall memories of their own laughter . 
 who had done this to him ? 
 to be forced to sentence another brother to death ... mikhail could n't do it . 
 it was time to step down , time to hand someone else the weight of responsibility for their dying race . 
 mikhail felt raven slip her arms around his neck . 
 `` jacques is strong , love . 
 he will find his way back to us . '' 
 mikhail turned her palm up , kissed the center gently . 
 gregori thinks jacques turned shea o'halloran without her knowledge or consent . 
 his black eyes met her blue ones , filled with guilt , tenderness . 
 he does not think the woman has any idea of our ways . 
 jacques will - no , little one , jacques remembers very little of anything . 
 hatred , rage , revenge , the woman - that is all he thinks of . 
 we are not certain he is capable of taking care of her . 
 look at him with her , raven instructed . 
 she repeated it aloud . 
 `` look at him with her . '' 
 jacques wanted the strangers to be gone . 
 so many males pressing close to shea kept him on edge . 
 he trusted none of these people , with the possible exception of the blue-eyed woman . 
 jacques could hardly bear to look at the one who claimed to be his brother , the one who had attacked and nearly killed shea . 
 strangely enough , it hurt to look at the man . 
 jacques ' head seemed to want to disintegrate every time their eyes met . 
 memories . 
 fragments . 
 pieces of nothing . 
 enough , hewhispered to shea , his words a soft command . 
 her tongue stroked across the wound to close it , a seduction of pure sensation . 
 shea came out of the trance slowly , a sweet , coppery taste in her mouth . 
 the terrible gnawing hunger was gone , but her body was on fire , soft and pliant , in such need . 
 suddenly aware of the others in the room , she burrowed closer to jacques for protection . 
 if they all were just gone , she could sleep , figure things out later . 
 she could sort through all the data she had and determine just what these people were . 
 fear slammed into her , her mouth went dry , and her heart began to pound in alarm . 
 shea could feel jacques ' hands tightening like bonds on her arms . 
 a hypnotic trance . 
 jacques had induced it . 
 her green eyes slowly opened to move over his face in a slow , terrified study . 
 so why was n't she joyful , ecstatic , that they had found his people , his family ? 
 why was n't she thrilled at the arrival of a healer ? 
 there was something wrong here . 
 her only hope was to get out of the situation , leave jacques to his family . 
 there were now plenty of people to care for jacques without her . 
 the healer obviously was far more skilled than she was . 
 shea was shaking , embarrassed that those surrounding them could see how badly she was trembling . 
 she was always in control . 
 she just needed distance to regain it . 
 no ! 
 jacques ' voice was much stronger now and much more frightening . 
 you can not leave me . 
 shea knew he was capable of far more power than she could conceive of . 
 and he was manipulating her , had been all along . 
 for the first time she allowed the facts to come together in her mind . 
 vampire . 
 jacques was a vampire . 
 all of these people were . 
 her hand went to her throat . 
 she was probably one of them now . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 shea struggled in earnest now , shocked at how physically strong jacques had become with the infusion of gregori 's blood . 
 jacques snarled , black fury rising along with fear of losing her , fear that she could not survive without him , fear of once again being alone in utter darkness . 
 he held her down easily , but the sound of her heart racing was alarming to him , dragging him back to a shred of sanity . 
 into the swirl of violent emotions came the healer 's voice . 
 `` she does not understand the ways of our people , jacques . 
 you must be gentle with her , guide her , as your brother guided raven . '' 
 shea fought the compelling voice , a weaver of spells . 
 `` i want to leave . 
 you ca n't keep me here . '' 
 jacques , please , do n't do this . 
 do n't make me stay when we know it 's impossible for me . 
 you know me , know me inside and out . 
 stop it , shea , jacques pleaded with her , knowing he was holding on to his intellect and reason by a thread . 
 nothing has changed . 
 everything has changed . 
 these people are your family . 
 she tried to take a deep , calming breath . 
 jacques , i was your doctor , nothing more . 
 i do n't belong here . 
 i do n't know how to live like this . 
 you are my lifemate . 
 thewords were firm in her head . 
 you are tired , my love , tired and afraid . 
 you have every right to be . 
 i know that . 
 i know i frightened you , but you belong with me . 
 he did his best to keep his voice a soft whisper of sense , but it was difficult with the beast rising and the fragments in his brain confusing him . 
 she lay looking up at his strong , harsh , uncompromising features , the warning in his furious eyes . 
 i do n't even know what it means to be your lifemate , jacques . 
 you know i want the best for you , i want you well and whole again , but i ca n't be with all these people . 
 i need time to sort out what 's happened here . 
 what i am . 
 i can hardly breathe right now , let alone think things through . 
 she was telling the truth . 
 merged as he was with her , jacques could feel the familiar pattern in her brain , her intellect leaping forward to protect her from any overwhelming emotion . 
 she was too tired and drained to succeed at her attempt . 
 he struggled once again to reassure her . 
 you are my lifemate . 
 it means we belong together , never apart . 
 she shook her head adamantly . 
 `` no way . '' 
 her enormous eyes jumped to the others . 
 all at once they looked sinister , beings too powerful for their own good . 
 `` i want to leave this place . '' 
 it was somewhere between a demand and a plea for help . 
 instinctively she looked toward mikhail . 
 his fingerprints were on her swollen throat . 
 she had saved his brother 's life . 
 he owed her . 
 raven tightened her fingers around mikhail 's , feeling his tension , his indecision . 
 clearly the woman was asking for help , and mikhail could do no other than offer his protection . 
 but jacques was already warning them off , a low growl rumbling in his throat . 
 he sensed shea was looking to the others for assistance , and it triggered his predatory instincts . 
 at once he was dangerous , violence swirling close to the surface , aggressive toward shea , clearly demanding submission . 
 byron nearly leapt forward , but a show of jacques ' gleaming fangs held him motionless . 
 he glared at mikhail . 
 `` i told you she had not chosen . 
 take her from him . 
 she must be protected . '' 
 hope was shining in his eyes . 
 `` jacques . '' 
 gregori 's voice was pure black velvet , a caressing , compelling tone impossible to ignore . 
 `` the woman is overwhelmed . 
 she needs rest , a healing sleep . 
 both of you should go to earth . '' 
 shea 's heart nearly stopped . 
 she shoved hard at jacques ' immovable chest , caught the picture of the earth opening , accepting them . 
 buried alive . 
 a scream of alarm caught in her throat . 
 she flung herself off the bed in an attempt to get away . 
 jacques caught both fragile wrists , pinned her to the mattress . 
 do not fight me , shea , there is no way to win . 
 jacques struggled to stay in control . 
 shea was trembling , her mind filled with fear of him and what he was , what he represented . 
 the loss of freedom , the horror of being a vampire preying on human victims for sustenance as portrayed in old novels , the terror of ever needing a man the way her mother had - to survive . 
 `` take her from him , '' byron demanded . 
 jacques turned his head , eyes glittering like black ice . 
 his voice was hoarse , a growling representation of his long-silent vocal cords . 
 he made a supreme effort to stay in control for shea 's sake . 
 she had been there for him ; he had to do the same for her . 
 `` no one will take her from me and live . '' 
 there was no doubt he meant it . 
 shea lay shocked , unable to absorb that he had spoken aloud . 
 there would be a bloody war here , and someone would die . 
 please , jacques , please let me go . 
 i ca n't live like this . 
 there were tears in her eyes , tears in his heart . 
 jacques tried to reach her , calm her with his mind , but she was panic-stricken , too petrified to think . 
 `` send her to sleep . 
 she is weak and worn . 
 you must care for her health . '' 
 gregori 's voice was always the same , as pure as the sound of crystal-clear water running over rocks . 
 `` no ! '' 
 gregori frightened her more than anything . 
 she was always in control . 
 always . 
 no one had ever taken her decisions out her hands , not even her mother . 
 she just needed to be alone , have time to think . 
 shea struggled in desperation against jacques ' hold `` let me go ! '' 
 the purity of gregori 's voice was finding threads of fragments in jacques ' head , weaving them together . 
 shea was so frightened , small , and vulnerable lying beneath him , pinned helplessly . 
 it is all right , my love . 
 jacques bent his dark head and kissed her temple . 
 you will sleep and heal . 
 i will ensure that you come to no harm . 
 in this you can trust me . 
 the storm moved in slowly , blanketing the land in a peculiar , dreary drizzle . 
 all day it blotted out any chance of sunshine and hid the mountain range in sheets of silvery rain and a shroud of thick fog . 
 in an abandoned shack , three men huddled by the fire and tried to escape the water leaking through the cracks in the roof . 
 don wallace sipped at the scalding-hot coffee and stared uneasily out the window into the gathering dusk . 
 `` unusual weather for this time of year . '' 
 his eyes met the older man 's in a long , knowing stare . 
 eugene slovensky hunched his shoulders against the cold and regarded his nephew with reproach . 
 `` the weather is like this when the land is unsettled . 
 how could you allow the woman to slip through your fingers , donnie ? '' 
 `` well , you had her when she was a mere baby , '' he retorted . 
 `` you let her escape you then . 
 you could n't even trace her mother between ireland and america . 
 i was the one who did that , nearly twenty years later . 
 do n't act like i 'm the only one who bungled this . '' 
 the older man glared at him . 
 `` do n't take that tone with me . 
 things were different all those years ago . 
 we did n't have the advantages of all the modern technology you have now . 
 maggie o'halloran had people help her escape with her little demon whelp . '' 
 he sighed and glanced once more out the window at the fog and rain . 
 `` do you have any idea the risk we 're taking coming into their territory ? '' 
 `` i believe i was the one who tracked and killed those vampires we got a few years back while you stayed safe in germany , '' don snapped , irritated . 
 `` you were n't very discriminating about who you marked as vampire , don , '' eugene pointed out waspishly . 
 `` you enjoyed yourself whenever the mood struck you . '' 
 `` i was the one taking the risks . 
 i should be allowed to have some fun , '' don snapped back . 
 `` well , this time concentrate on why we 're here . 
 this is dangerous work . '' 
 don 's eyes flattened , hardened . 
 `` i was with you when we found uncle james 's body , remember ? 
 happy fifteenth birthday , donnie . 
 instead of a real live vampire to stake , i get my uncle 's body buried in a pile of rubble . 
 i know how dangerous it is . '' 
 `` never forget that sight , boy , not ever , '' eugene cautioned . 
 `` twenty-five years it 's been , and we still do n't have his murderers . '' 
 `` at least we made them pay , '' don pointed out . 
 eugene 's eyes burned . 
 `` not nearly enough . 
 it will never be enough . 
 we have to wipe them out . 
 all of them . 
 wipe them out . '' 
 jeff smith stirred and glanced at don wallace . 
 the old man was crazy . 
 if there really was such a thing as a vampire , jeff wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to become immortal . 
 they had killed fourteen so-called vampires , and jeff was fairly certain a couple of them had been the real thing . 
 no human could have taken the kind of punishment wallace had so eagerly dispensed and survived so long . 
 most of the victims definitely had been human , though , wallace 's enemies . 
 don had really enjoyed those sessions . 
 jeff was also certain shea o'halloran was no vampire . 
 he had researched her very carefully . 
 she had gone to a regular daytime school , had eaten in front of other children . 
 she was a bona-fide surgeon , respected in her profession . 
 a child prodigy , all her professors spoke highly of her . 
 jeff could n't get her out of his mind . 
 her voice , her eyes , the fluid , sexy way her body moved . 
 the crazy old man was obsessed with finding her , and don always did what his uncle said . 
 don 's uncle , old eugene slovensky , held the purse strings , and the money was considerable . 
 if they found the woman , jeff was not going to let them kill her . 
 he wanted her for himself . 
 `` why do you think she 's is this area ? '' 
 slovensky demanded . 
 `` she always uses cash , so we ca n't follow a money trail , but she often leaves her signature behind anyway . '' 
 don grinned , an evil facsimile of a smile . 
 `` she just has to help people in these isolated villages . 
 it 's kind of amusing , really . 
 she thinks she 's so clever , but she always makes the same mistake . '' 
 eugene slovensky nodded . 
 `` the brilliant ones never have any common sense . '' 
 he cleared his throat nervously . 
 `` i sent word to the vulture . '' 
 don wallace 's hand jerked , and hot coffee spilled over his wrist . 
 `` are you crazy , uncle eugene ? 
 he threatened to kill us if we did n't leave the mountains the last time he saw us . 
 the vulture is a true vampire , and he does n't exactly like us . '' 
 `` you killed the woman , '' eugene said , `` he warned you not to . 
 i warned you not to . 
 you just had to have your fun . '' 
 furious , don hurled the mug across the room . 
 `` we 're hunting a woman right now . 
 we 've followed her for two years , and now that we 're close , you call in that killer . 
 i should have put a stake through his heart when i had the chance . 
 he 's a no-good vampire like the rest of them . '' 
 slovensky grinned , shook his head in denial . 
 `` not like the rest of them . 
 he hates , donnie , my boy . 
 he hates with an intensity i have never seen before . 
 and that can always be useful for us . 
 he wants a certain woman this time , the one with the long black hair . 
 he wants her and those close to her dead . 
 he has their trust , and he 'll deliver them into our hands . 
 he may be beneath contempt , a snitch , but he is powerful . '' 
 `` all their woman have long black hair . 
 how am i supposed to know the difference ? '' 
 don pouted . 
 `` do you remember the kid ? 
 the one about eighteen ? 
 he hated that kid . 
 he really wanted that kid to suffer . '' 
 he smiled with satisfaction . 
 `` he did , too . 
 most of all he hated the last one we caught , the one with the black eyes . 
 he ordered me to torture him , burn him . 
 he wanted it to last forever , and i made sure it did . 
 the vulture is evil , uncle eugene . '' 
 slovensky nodded . 
 `` use him . 
 let him think you respect him , that he is the one in charge , giving the orders . 
 promise him the red-haired woman , too . 
 tell him we 'll give them both to him if he will deliver james 's murderers . 
 my poor brother james . '' 
 `` i thought you said we needed to study her , that she was n't as strong as the others and we had a better chance of controlling her . 
 in any case , she does n't have black hair . '' 
 don got up abruptly and paced across the floor to hide his expression from the others . 
 it had been far too long since he 'd had a woman completely in his control . 
 his body grew hot and hard at the memory of his time in the basement with the last one . 
 she had lasted three delicious weeks , and every moment of it she had known he would eventually kill her . 
 she had tried so hard to please him , done anything and everything to please him . 
 he wanted shea o'halloran in his hands for a long , long time . 
 she would learn respect . 
 the icy contempt in her vivid green eyes would be replaced with pleasing , begging . 
 he fought to control himself , cursed the others sharing the small confines of the cabin keeping him from indulging his fantasies . 
 don turned his head to catch smith watching him . 
 his mask slipped into place , his friendly smile . 
 smith was weak , always whining . 
 he got off watching don perform , but he rarely had the guts to do anything exotic himself . 
 one of these days , don resolved he would show smith just how weak he really was . 
 their longtime partnership was coming to an end . 
 slovensky dragged a blanket around his shoulders . 
 in his sixties , he felt the chill of the rain seep into his bones . 
 he detested these mountains and all the memories that came with them . 
 twenty-five years ago he had brought his younger brother , james , on a vampire hunt with other members of a secret society dedicated to wiping out the loathsome creatures . 
 they had trapped a vampire , but it had killed james . 
 shea o'halloran was the key to all of it now . 
 he would use her to ferret out his brother 's murderers and deliver retribution , as they deserved . 
 donnie would put a stake through the vulture 's heart and rid the world of a detestable worm . 
 and then the society could study the woman , obtain the proof they needed to be finally recognized as scientists , as they deserved . 
 `` how long are we going to be stuck in this hellhole ? '' 
 smith demanded . 
 wallace and slovensky exchanged another long , knowing look . 
 wallace shrugged , pulled out a pack of cigarettes , and shook one loose . 
 `` you should know by now never to go outdoors when the land is so unsettled . 
 it means they 're out tonight . '' 
 `` every time it rains we 're locked in ? 
 damn , don , the least we could have done was get decent accommodations . '' 
 `` stop whining , '' slovensky snapped . 
 `` the last thing we want to do is advertise our presence here . 
 they control the locals , bind them to them in some way so that the villagers are loyal to them . '' 
 jeff turned away from them , staring out at the darkening land . 
 slovensky was a total whacko . 
 wallace he had met in college . 
 don had been everything jeff was not . 
 cocky , self-assured , handsome , and tough . 
 wallace had cornered one of jeff 's constant tormentors , held him , and encouraged jeff to beat the kid to death . 
 the sense of power was incredible , and the two of them became inseparable . 
 don was sadistic , violent . 
 he 'd enjoyed watching snuff films , shared the experience with jeff , and eventually became obsessed with the idea of making them . 
 jeff filmed don 's private performances , each of which became a classroom for torture . 
 at first they 'd used prostitutes , but twice they were able to lure a student to their warehouse . 
 afterward , don was always mellow for several weeks , a month or two even , if the sessions had been to his liking . 
 jeff knew that the need to kill was riding don hard now , and anyone close to him had better keep a low profile . 
 when the older man went outside to relieve himself , jeff went to stand beside don . 
 `` you ever think what it would be like , the power we 'd have if we forced one of them to make us like them ? '' 
 he whispered it softly to be sure slovensky could not possibly overhear what he would consider sacrilege . 
 `` we 'd be immortal , don . 
 we could have anything we ever wanted . 
 any woman we wanted . 
 we could do anything . '' 
 wallace was silent for a few minutes . 
 `` we 'd need to find out more about them . 
 most of what i know , the old man and his freaky friends told me , and it 's probably all bullshit . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` superstitious crap . 
 all the people around here are superstitious . 
 they believe these vampires can direct your mind , even shape-change . 
 if they had all these great powers , jeff , why did n't they use them when we were having-fun with them ? '' 
 jeff shrugged , disappointed . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 but they just hang on to life so long ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` hate keeps them alive . '' 
 don laughed in anticipation . 
 `` they 're almost as much fun as women . '' 
 he looked thoughtful . 
 `` but there 's the vulture . '' 
 the sun gave up its feeble fight , the storm and the late hour completely obliterating its paltry light . 
 the sky darkened still further , and the clouds grew heavier . 
 the wind began to strengthen , driving the rain so that it pelted the ground hard enough to bruise leaves and vegetation . 
 a low moan rose , echoed through grotesquely swaying branches . 
 the wind raced northward , howled down a canyon , rushed through the darkened forest , and climbed higher into the steep mountains to find a cabin dark and silent . 
 inside , away from the sheets of silvery rain and the monstrous wind , two bodies lay motionless , entwined on the bed . 
 shea was curled up , small and slight , her wine-red hair spilled across the pillow like blood . 
 jacques ' much larger frame was curved protectively around her . 
 jacques ' arm was firmly locked around her waist , holding her to him . 
 his heart began a rhythm , a strong , steady sound in the silence . 
 he drew air into his lungs to inflate them , to resume their normal function . 
 jacques waited for the familiar rush of agony his awakening had triggered these last seven years . 
 it would surge through him with the first circle of life , blood heating every cell and nerve ending . 
 the rush did n't come . 
 instead he was sore , his muscles ached , but he felt strong and alive again . 
 the healer 's blood was incredible , his internal healing beyond jacques ' wildest expectations . 
 gregori . 
 the dark one . 
 the words came floating out of nowhere , one of those elusive fragments he could never seem to hold on to . 
 jacques tried to do so , wanting the information , knowing it was important , yet pain exploded in his head . 
 it did n't matter . 
 he calmly allowed the fragment to drift away and slowly released his hold on shea . 
 before giving her the command to wake , he scanned their surroundings to locate possible danger . 
 there were others of his kind close by . 
 it put him on edge . 
 it was imperative for a carpathian male to find a female , his true lifemate . 
 if he did not succeed in binding shea to him , every male in the vicinity would be pressing his suit , hoping against hope his chemistry would match hers . 
 as with all the knowledge that came to him , he felt the truth and rightness of it , knew it was real and not imagined . 
 a silent snarl lifted his lip , revealing his white teeth . 
 deliberately , jacques stretched , a slow , languid movement designed to reacquaint himself with his muscles , with his strength . 
 his body was still a little sluggish , but it was alive again . 
 as he moved , he felt the softness of shea 's body brushing along the hardness of his . 
 his body responded , a sweet ache unknown to him for centuries , now ever present . 
 he turned on his side and stared down into her still , pale face . 
 his body hardened aggressively . 
 his hand went to the buttons of her shirt , his fingers brushing against her cool , creamy flesh . 
 his heart jumped , and his breath caught in his throat . 
 such exquisite torment . 
 he 'd had no idea anything could be so soft . 
 as he pushed her blouse from her shoulders , he leaned close to her ear . 
 `` wake , little red hair . 
 wake needing me . '' 
 he kissed her eyes , took her mouth , tasting her first breath , his hand closing over her breast to feel the way her heart raced into his palm . 
 blood rushed , a symphony of sensation sending heat and need and an urgent ache coiling through shea . 
 jacques ' mouth was magical , reverent , a slow seduction , while his hands traced the contours of her body . 
 he could feel her awakening , her mind opening to his . 
 her emotions were mixed - longing , need , a reluctant caring for him , overpowering fear of what she was , and a deep sorrow . 
 he brushed his hand down her face to trace every beloved line already committed for all eternity to his mind , to his heart . 
 her face was damp . 
 jacques bent his head and followed the trail of tears down the slender column of her neck . 
 her skin was warm honey flowing up from melting ice , the combination irresistible . 
 his tongue swirled over her pulse , and need slammed into him so hard that his body clenched painfully . 
 shea made a sound , a soft moan somewhere between despair and acquiescence . 
 her body was arcing into his , pressure and hunger building to drown out all good sense . 
 `` you are safe with me , little shea . '' 
 jacques used his voice , a blend of heat and velvet . 
 he was willing to utilize every weapon in his arsenal of centuries of experience to bind her to him . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 his body moved restlessly , aggressively , his mouth finding the hollow of her throat while his hand slid down her narrow ribcage , fingers splayed possessively across her flat stomach . 
 `` i know you are afraid . 
 i feel it in my mind . 
 let yourself feel what i am feeling . 
 there is no doubt , no other love for me . 
 i know you are my other half . 
 give yourself into my keeping . '' 
 his beautiful husky voice rasped softly , slightly hoarse as the fire began to spread . 
 flames were leaping , hunger rising , and the beast inside was fighting for freedom . 
 dark purpose began to swirl as carpathian instincts fought with the man . 
 the effort to control the wild cravings , the need for dominance , a frenzied , heated mating , his stamp of possession , was riding him hard . 
 he found her mouth a little desperately , pushed further into her mind , not waiting for complete acceptance , afraid it might never come . 
 her mind was a mixture of tears and sorrow and smoke and flame and burning desire . 
 jacques . 
 hisname was a whisper echoing in his head . 
 her hands were on his , stopping him from pushing the jeans from her hips . 
 he deepened the kiss , possessive , erotic , deliberately sharing the urgent hunger , the burning desires in his own mind . 
 you gave me back my life , shea . 
 give me my soul . 
 i need you , only you . 
 make me complete again . 
 the tension went out of her hands enough that he could slide the jeans from the curve of her hips , down her legs , exposing the beauty of her body to him , to his exploring hands . 
 shea heard jacques ' swift indrawn breath , felt his heart jump , his body savage with need , his mind a red haze of burning hunger . 
 the intensity of his emotion was overwhelming to her , threatening to her . 
 she closed her eyes , her arms creeping around his neck , knowing she could not find the strength to refuse such a terrible need in him . 
 anyone else , but never him . 
 he inhaled deeply , breathing her scent into his lungs , his hands moving slowly over her body , taking his time with her , fighting off the beast raging to possess her . 
 he had already hurt her too much , taken from her parts of her life he could never give back . 
 he wanted her first time with him to be beautiful , to be as right as he could make it . 
 `` do n't cry , love , '' he whispered softly into her throat , his mouth resting over her pulse , his tongue stroking the frantic rhythm . 
 his body clenched ; pain and hunger rose until it beat at him , at her . 
 his teeth scraped her neck , a sweet torment for both of them . 
 he nuzzled her breasts , marveling at how soft she was , how perfect . 
 her bones felt small beneath his seeking hands , yet her muscles were firm and her skin like satin . 
 he was trembling now , a shudder of effort to hold back his wild nature , a fine sheen of sweat bathing his body . 
 sensations and textures danced with swirling colors and heat . 
 after centuries of no emotion , no feeling , after seven years of damnation and pain , jacques would never forget the feel of this moment . 
 the way she looked , smelled , and felt to his touch , the reluctant love , the sorrow , the matching hunger and desire in her mind was forever etched into his soul . 
 shea felt the change in him , in the way his hands caressed her thighs , the absolute conviction in his mind . 
 she felt his fierce hunger , the burning in his body , his urgent need . 
 his body blanketed hers , imprisoned her , his knee effectively parting her legs . 
 her body clenched hotly as he pressed against her , hard and insistent . 
 her heart jolted in sudden rebellion , but his mouth was on her breast , driving out sane thoughts . 
 with every hot pull of his mouth , moist heat throbbed and beckoned him deeper until he met innocent resistance . 
 his mouth reluctantly released her breast , found her pulse , where his tongue swirled erotically . 
 `` you are my lifemate . '' 
 his teeth scraped her soft , creamy flesh . 
 liquid heat bathed him invitingly . 
 `` i claim you as my lifemate . 
 i belong to you . 
 i offer my life for you . '' 
 his hands found her small hips , cupped her in his palms . 
 his body was a relentless , savage ache of burning hunger . 
 `` i give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body . 
 i take into my keeping the same that is yours . 
 your life , happiness , and welfare will be placed above my own for all time . '' 
 `` stop it , jacques , '' shea whispered desperately , feeling every word , every breath weaving them so tightly together that she could n't tell where he left off and she began . 
 `` you are my lifemate , bound to me for all eternity and always in my care . '' 
 his teeth sank deep ; his body surged into hers . 
 white-hot pain exploded over both of them , leaving shimmering flames leaping high and hot . 
 shea 's cry was lost in her throat . 
 she wrapped her arms around his head and cradled him to her . 
 welded together , body , mind , and heart , her life flowing into him , his body took command of hers . 
 he moved - a slow , careful test of her response to him . 
 she was hot and tight , the friction threatening to engulf him in the frenzied , uninhibited sexual mating of a carpathian male . 
 with effort he controlled himself , savoring the sweet , hot spice of her blood , the velvet fire gripping his body . 
 he moved gently , tenderly , a long , sure stroke designed to coax her , to calm him . 
 her muscles clenched around him , and he surged forward , buried himself deep in her very core , his mouth drawing the essence of her life into his keeping . 
 the world narrowed , receded , until she was his breath , his heart , the blood flowing in his veins . 
 there was no darkness , no shadows , only shea 's body with its heat and flowing colors and leaping flames . 
 shea 's soft little keening cries were muffled against him , yet they echoed in his mind . 
 his body craved hers , more and more , harder and faster and deeper . 
 he drove on and on , reaching for the stars , the universe , reaching for the meeting of their souls . 
 her blood fed his insatiable hunger , no taste ever better , so erotic and perfect that he indulged himself , giving himself up to lust and greed and wave after wave of unbearable pleasure . 
 her body gripped his , shuddered , clenched , and the earth itself seemed to roll and shake . 
 molten heat coiled around him like a volcano , and he was crying out , his seed spilling into her , his body going up in her flames . 
 jacques became aware of her blood trickling between her breasts . 
 in the ecstasy of the moment , he had neglected to close the tiny pinprick he 'd made . 
 his tongue stroked gently , tracing the bright trail , and his body reacted as hard and as needy as ever . 
 her hunger was in his mind , her desire wrapped in age-old need . 
 `` yes , my love , '' he whispered against her throat . 
 `` need me the way i need you . 
 let me give to you everything that i am . 
 take from me what only i can give you . '' 
 her mouth moved over his neck , his throat , and his body raged at him , swelled and hardened to fill her completely . 
 his heart jumped as her lips caressed his chest . 
 her tongue swirled around his flat nipples , moved over his heart in little nibbling motions . 
 jacques pulled back , waiting breathlessly , waiting while his body screamed at him to bury itself in her once again , to take her over and over . 
 `` just once , shea , say you need me , too , '' he whispered . 
 she lifted her head , her green eyes moving over his sensual face , meeting his black eyes . 
 she smiled a slow , sexy , very wicked smile . 
 then she dropped her head down to his chest , stroked the heavy muscles with her tongue . 
 her teeth scraped once , twice , teasingly , then sank deep . 
 jacques ' voice was hoarse in his mind , in the darkness of the room . 
 the sensation was beyond his imaginings . 
 his body plunged wildly into hers as she drank from him . 
 his palm held her head to him , pressed her closer as his body took hers again and again . 
 he could never get enough . 
 colors whirled and danced , and the earth shook , and he soared higher and higher , taking her with him in body , mind , and soul . 
 in that perfect moment she was his , her life connecting wholly with his for all eternity . 
 two halves of the same whole , never to be apart again . 
 his release was shattering , shea with him every step of the way . 
 they erupted into the heavens and floated together to earth , jacques anchoring them safely . 
 shea 's tongue closed the wound over his heart , and they lay spent , their bodies locked together , so close that their minds and limbs were still rocking with the aftereffects . 
 little shocks sent shivers of pleasure through them , in them . 
 shea lay very still , unable to grasp the wonder of what had happened . 
 she knew it was forever . 
 she knew he had somehow completed the ritual of binding them together . 
 her body felt as if it did n't belong to her , that he had taken possession of and failed to return some intrinsic part of her . 
 she appeared outwardly calm , but panic was welling up , fear , sheer terror . 
 she had always been alone ; she knew no other way . 
 jacques ' hand stroked the length of her hair , lingered on the curve of her bottom . 
 `` i have never experienced anything like this , '' he said softly , attempting to find the words to fight her panic . 
 she swallowed hard , listened to the frantic pounding of her heart . 
 `` how would you know , silly ? '' 
 she teased back , trying desperately to appear normal . 
 `` you ca n't remember your past . '' 
 the pounding of her blood was a roar in her ears . 
 nothing would ever be the same again . 
 she felt weak . 
 maybe jacques had taken more blood than she had exchanged . 
 it was affecting her mind , slowing her thoughts . 
 unless it was fear paralyzing her ability to think . 
 that had never happened to her before . 
 her intellect had always dominated . 
 but now her emotions had pushed aside all good sense , and she literally felt lost . 
 very cautiously , she eased her body away from his , felt the loss as if it were some terrible sorrow . 
 she wanted him for all time . 
 she needed him with her . 
 she might actually love him . 
 her throat closed , and shea felt as if she were suffocating . 
 she had let this happen , let him take control of her . 
 she was as foolish as her shadow of a mother had been . 
 love was n't supposed to be a part of her carefully controlled world . 
 neither was need . 
 `` shea . '' 
 he said her name softly , gently , even tenderly , as if to a wild animal trapped in a corner . 
 she sat up abruptly , gasping for air , her eyes growing enormous , wild , her heart thumping loudly . 
 she leapt up , long hair swinging around her slender body like a cape . 
 she ran on bare feet toward the bathroom . 
 jacques pulled on a pair of jeans , carelessly buttoned them up the front , and padded after her . 
 his eyes never left her slim , fragile figure . 
 shea looked as if the smallest thing might shatter her . 
 she was going through human gestures , movements . 
 brushing her teeth , standing in the shower allowing the water to cascade over her , staring out the window . 
 jacques held the mind touch lightly so that she was n't aware of his intrusion . 
 her fear did n't recede with these human activities . 
 instead , panic was building to overwhelming proportions . 
 jacques leaned one hip lazily against the wall , his dark eyes watchful , simply waiting for the inevitable . 
 `` i ca n't do this , jacques . '' 
 her voice was so low , he barely caught the thread of sound . 
 shea dressed with shaking hands , donning jeans , cotton-ribbed shirt , hiking boots . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 jacques waited silently , feeling her confusion and fear , wanting to comfort her but instinctively holding back . 
 shea was a strong woman , courageous enough to return to save a demon , a madman who had viciously attacked her . 
 yet the thought of loving jacques , of needing or wanting him , terrified her . 
 `` i have to leave this place , go to ireland . 
 i have a home there . '' 
 shea twisted the length of red hair into a thick , haphazard braid . 
 her gaze was jumping from the window to her computer to the door and back again . 
 everywhere but at him . 
 `` you 're safe now , with your family and friends . 
 you do n't need me anymore . '' 
 he moved then , in the way of his people . 
 silent , unseen , too fast for the human eye . 
 he was suddenly behind her , his body against hers , his palms resting on the wall on either side of her head , effectively forming a cage . 
 jacques leaned close so that his male scent invaded her lungs , until he was the very air she breathed . 
 `` i will always need you , shea . 
 you are my heart and soul and my very sanity . 
 it has been many years since i have been to ireland . 
 a beautiful country . '' 
 he felt her inhale sharply , fighting for air , fighting a tight , suffocating feeling . 
 in her mind was a strangled denial of his words . 
 she was desperately searching for a way to dissuade him . 
 not only was she shaking on the outside , even her insides were trembling . 
 jacques could literally smell her fear . 
 shea 's arms crossed her stomach , holding tight against the internal rolling . 
 `` listen to me , jacques . 
 this ... '' she waved an unsteady hand , turned so that she leaned against the wall , so that it would hold her up . 
 it was a mistake facing him . 
 his hard , muscular body , his sensual features still ravaged by pain , the intensity of his black eyes . 
 the hunger . 
 desire . 
 need . 
 she tilted her chin at him , her sorrow so deep that he wanted to gather her close , but it was necessary for her to feel in control . 
 jacques crushed down his natural predatory nature , held himself utterly still , her body imprisoned between his immovable one and the wall . 
 shea cleared her throat , tried again . 
 `` it ca n't work . 
 i have obligations . 
 i ca n't afford a relationship right now . 
 and you 're looking for something intense , passionate , forever , some eternal bond . 
 i 'm just not like that . 
 i do n't have all that much to give anyone . '' 
 her fingers twisted together in agitation ; he felt his heart twist in answer . 
 the smile deep in his soul at her foolish words never found its way to his face . 
 shea had a passionate nature , and her need for him was as great as his need for her . 
 she knew it , and it terrified her . 
 more than anything , that knowledge was what made her determined to run from him . 
 she had taught herself to be a solitary person , had no idea how to share her life . 
 she would never , could never be like her mother . 
 `` are you listening to me , jacques ? '' 
 he moved closer , crowded her slender body . 
 his arms swept her to him , nearly crushing her . 
 `` of course i am listening . 
 i hear that you are afraid . 
 i feel it . '' 
 his warm breath caressed her neck . 
 the way he held her was completely protective , gentle , tender . 
 `` i am afraid , too . 
 i have no past , shea . 
 only a living hell that shaped a madman . 
 those people you call my family mean nothing to me . 
 i do not trust them . 
 any one of them could be the betrayer . '' 
 he laid his head over hers , a soothing gesture of unity . 
 `` i can not always distinguish reality from the madness . 
 there is only you , my love , to keep me sane . 
 if you choose to desert me , i fear for myself and any who dare to come near . '' 
 shea blinked back tears , found his wrist with trembling fingers , the lightest contact , a connection between them . 
 `` we make such a perfect pair , jacques . 
 at least one of us should be stable , do n't you think ? '' 
 he brought her hand to the warmth of his mouth . 
 `` you came for me , from thousands of miles away . 
 you came for me . '' 
 she managed a smile . 
 `` a few years late . '' 
 something eased in the vicinity of his heart . 
 he knew there was no escape for either of them . 
 he might not understand fully , but he knew he had bound them irrevocably together for all time . 
 `` is there not a saying , ` better late than never ' ? '' 
 his thumb feathered over her wrist , found her pulse . 
 her mind was calmer now , more accepting of their union . 
 she rested her head in the niche of his sternum . 
 `` i feel so terrible that i did n't listen to my dreams . 
 if only ... '' his hand covered her mouth , stopping her words . 
 `` you saved my sanity . 
 you came for me . 
 that is all that matters . 
 now we have to find our way together . '' 
 she pulled his hand to her neck , held it tight against the satin texture of her skin . 
 `` those men are following me , jacques . 
 without me , you have a better chance of escaping . 
 you know that you do . '' 
 the beast in him raised its head , fangs dripping triumphantly in anticipation . 
 she could never possibly conceive of his wanting to meet the two humans who had tortured and imprisoned him . 
 she had no concept of his immense power , of his rage , of what kind of dangerous creature he was . 
 she was bound to him , yet she was so compassionate , she could not truly see his nature . 
 she would keep running , avoiding confrontation for all of her life if need be . 
 he preferred to be the aggressor . 
 he would be the aggressor . 
 `` do not worry about what may happen , little one . '' 
 shea touched his jaw with gentle fingers . 
 `` thank you for watching out for me while i was unaware . 
 you did n't let them put me in the ground . '' 
 again he brought her hand to his mouth . 
 `` i knew you would not want such a thing . '' 
 his dark eyes indicated the far side of the room . 
 he raised his hand , and the door opened at his mental command . 
 instantly the wind blew rain into the cabin , a high-pitched moan rising above the scraping branches . 
 shea shivered , drew closer to the heat and protection of his body . 
 it was wild outside , black fury , the rain driving down in silver sheets . 
 shea did n't need the flashes of lightning illuminating the forest to see clearly the deep , vivid greens and browns , the drops of rain like thousands of crystals reflecting the beauty of the trees and bushes . 
 she saw with more than the eyes of a human ; she saw with the eyes of an animal . 
 she could feel the wildness of the storm in her own body . 
 jacques tightened his hold on her as he felt her try to reject such intense and foreign emotions . 
 `` no , little one , look at it . 
 this is our world . 
 there is nothing ugly in it . 
 it is clean and honest and beautiful . '' 
 he murmured the words into her ear , his mouth finding the heat of her skin , his tongue caressing her pulse . 
 a shiver of excitement , of sensual awareness , rushed through her blood . 
 everything in her seemed to reach for him . 
 her body , her heart , her mind . 
 fear crawled in as she acknowledged her need of him . 
 her life was different now . 
 she was different . 
 if her father had been like jacques , his blood had run diluted in her veins . 
 jacques had somehow brought her fully into his world . 
 she found herself inhaling deeply , drinking in the sights and smells , something wild in her rising to meet the fury of the storm . 
 `` it is ours , shea . 
 the wind , the rain , the soil beneath our feet . '' 
 his words brushed along her skin like a hand in a velvet glove . 
 his teeth scraped seductively along her throat , sent her blood rushing , pooling . 
 `` can we leave tonight ? 
 now ? '' 
 the wildness in her was growing , spreading . 
 her need of him was growing just as strong . 
 she wanted to flee the woods , escape from whatever was inside of her and gaining strength with every moment she was here . 
 `` we will have to make plans for shelter , '' he counseled softly . 
 `` running blindly without thought will get us killed . '' 
 shea closed her eyes tiredly . 
 `` there is n't any place for us to run to , is there ? '' 
 the part of her that sorted data so perfectly told her she was trying to run from herself . 
 he folded his arms around her , cradling her tenderly . 
 `` you could not have existed for much longer in the half-life you were living . 
 and you were never really happy there . 
 you have never been happy , shea . '' 
 `` that 's not true . 
 i love my work , being a surgeon . '' 
 `` you were not meant for a solitary life , little red hair . '' 
 `` a doctor hardly leads a solitary life , jacques . '' 
 `` a surgeon does not need to interact with patients , a researcher even less so . 
 i am in your mind , know your thoughts , and this you can not keep from me . '' 
 her green eyes glinted at him . 
 `` has it occurred to you that i might not like you running around in my head ? 
 you 're like a loose cannon . 
 neither one of us knows when you might go off . '' 
 amusement was creeping into her voice , and her body began to relax . 
 jacques held back his sigh of relief . 
 she was coming back to him , meeting him hallway . 
 `` it is the way of our people . '' 
 she turned back to stare out the door into the storm . 
 `` all the time ? '' 
 the information came easily this time , without the curious splintering pain in his head . 
 `` no . 
 all carpathians can communicate on one common path if they desire it . '' 
 he rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` i am not certain if i am able to do this . 
 i can not exactly remember the path , only that there is one . '' 
 `` the others tried to speak to you , '' she guessed shrewdly . 
 `` each used a different path when they reached for me . 
 i could feel their touch but could not tune it in . 
 when carpathians exchange blood , the mental bond becomes stronger . 
 each individual sharing creates an exclusive path that only the two participants can use . '' 
 another fragment of information came out of nowhere . 
 `` males rarely exchange blood unless they have a lifemate . '' 
 why ? 
 thequestion shimmered in his mind . 
 shea did n't even realize it . 
 jacques made the mental equivalent of a shrug . 
 `` once blood has been taken , we can track at will . 
 the closer the bond , the stronger the trail . 
 if it is an actual exchange , each can easily find and ` speak ' to the other . 
 males can turn after so many centuries alone . '' 
 `` i do n't understand what you mean , turn . '' ' 
 `` after two hundred years we lose all emotion , all ability to feel . 
 we are natural predators , shea . 
 we need a lifemate to bring back feeling , to balance us . 
 as the centuries go by , it is easy to give in to the need to feel something , even if only momentarily . 
 a kill while feeding brings a rush of power . 
 but it also turns one . 
 once a carpathian turns , he can never go back . 
 he becomes the thing of human legend . 
 a vampire . 
 an amoral killer , cold-blooded , without compassion . 
 he must be hunted and destroyed . '' 
 a grim smile touched his mouth , did not reach his black eyes . 
 `` you can see why lone males rarely take the chance of a blood exchange . 
 it is incredibly easy to be tracked after an exchange , and if one turns ... '' shea 's white teeth scraped at her lower lip . 
 beneath his fingers her pulse was racing . 
 `` i do n't want to believe what you 're saying . '' 
 `` you saved me from such a fate . 
 i know my mind is still in fragments , but i am saved from walking the earth as the undead . '' 
 `` those men , the ones who came after me ... '' `` they are human killers . '' 
 there was contempt in his mind , in his voice . 
 `` those they destroyed were carpathian , not vampire . '' 
 `` so the one you called the betrayer ... '' a gust of wind howled , raced through the room , brought a spray of rain through the door . 
 jacques gently pushed shea behind him . 
 `` the others come , '' he warned her . 
 shea groped behind her for the wall . 
 these people were definitely a different species . 
 her father had also been one of them . 
 a part of her was intrigued and excited . 
 if she studied them as a scientist , she would be in her element . 
 but she was stuck in the middle of the drama instead of being able to observe it from a distance . 
 she caught jacques ' wrist . 
 `` let 's just go far away from here , away from these people , this place . '' 
 `` it is important to know as much as possible . '' 
 his voice was soft and mesmerizing , deliberately tender , wrapping her in the safe cocoon of his protection . 
 `` the healer comes with the one who names himself my brother . 
 the woman is with them . '' 
 he was uneasy not knowing where the third male was . 
 he trusted none of them completely . 
 somewhere deep inside himself he knew his tormentors had ripped out something precious that he could never fully regain . 
 shea 's hand crept up his arm . 
 her forehead rested against the middle of his broad back , a tender , loving gesture of solidarity . 
 jacques could not bear to withdraw completely from her mind , so it was easy for her to hear the echo of his thoughts when she wanted . 
 she felt sorrow for him , sorrow for both of them . 
 `` whatever was taken from you , jacques , has only made you stronger . 
 the one who healed you was a miracle-worker , '' she whispered softly , meaning it . 
 `` i 've never seen anything to equal it . 
 but it 's really your own determination that kept you alive . '' 
 jacques tried to hear that she was consoling him , but instead he heard the interest in her voice , the trace of envy that gregori could heal so magically , so quickly . 
 the carpathian had accomplished , in one short session , what she could not . 
 before he could reply , tell her it was she who had saved his life , the wind was bringing rain and mist streaming through the open door . 
 the healer , gregori , shimmered into view , followed quickly by mikhail , then raven . 
 jacques narrowed his gaze , glimpses of memories instantly triggered . 
 flying in the body of an owl , running in the forest in the body of a wolf , becoming the mist and fog . 
 behind him , shea 's breath caught in her throat , and she stared at their visitors , at jacques , awed and intimidated by the display of shape-shifting , the example of power so casually wielded . 
 gregori 's pale silver eyes examined every inch of jacques . 
 `` you look better . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 jacques nodded slowly . 
 `` much better . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` you need to feed . 
 your woman is still pale and worn . 
 she should be resting . 
 if you like , i could heal her bruises . '' 
 gregori made the offer in his casual , indifferent way . 
 his voice was so compelling , so beautiful , it was nearly impossible to deny him anything . 
 there was a purity in his voice , a whisper of black velvet . 
 he never raised his tone or appeared anything but calm and unruffled . 
 shea 's heart gave a leap , then settled into a hard , rhythmic pounding . 
 she found herself listening intently , wanting him to go on speaking , wanting to do whatever he asked . 
 mentally , she shook her head . 
 gregori 's abilities intrigued her , but he was far too powerful . 
 he had not used any kind of mental enhancement , no compulsion , no hypnotic suggestions . 
 his voice was a weapon in itself . 
 she sensed he was the most dangerous carpathian in the room . 
 she had not been in such close proximity with so many people in a very long time . 
 she needed to be alone with jacques , to give herself time to adjust . 
 `` we thank you for the offer , healer , but shea is unused to our ways . '' 
 jacques could n't remember most of them himself . 
 he was as uneasy in the presence of the carpathians as shea . 
 his black eyes glittered like ice , caught and trapped the reflection of a lightning whip as it sizzled across the dark sky . 
 `` the other male is not with you . '' 
 `` byron , '' mikhail supplied . 
 `` he has been a good friend to you for centuries . 
 he is aware that you completed the ritual and this woman is your true lifemate . 
 search your mind , jacques . 
 remember how difficult this time is on our unattached males . '' 
 shea 's face went crimson under the unearthly paleness . 
 the reference to the ritual had to mean they were aware jacques had made love to her . 
 the lack of privacy disturbed her immensely . 
 she went to move around jacques , strongly objecting to the this woman label . 
 she did have a name . 
 she was a person . 
 she had a feeling they all thought her the hysterical type . 
 she certainly had n't managed to show them her normal calm self . 
 jacques stepped backward and his arm swept behind him to pin her against the wall . 
 he never took his eyes from the trio before them . 
 he knew he was unstable , still fighting to hold on to reason when his every instinct was to attack . 
 he trusted none of them and would not allow shea to be put in any danger . 
 shea retaliated with a hard pinch . 
 she was not going to cower behind her wild man like some seventeenth-century heroine fainting with the vapors . 
 so she was surrounded by a few vampires . 
 big deal . 
 carpathians . 
 jacques sounded amused . 
 if you laugh at me , jacques , i might find another wooden stake and come after you myself , she warned him silently . 
 `` well , for heaven 's sake . '' 
 shea sounded exasperated as she addressed the group . 
 `` we 're all civilized , are n't we ? '' 
 she shoved at jacques ' broad back . 
 `` are n't we ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 raven stepped forward , ignoring mikhail 's restraining hand . 
 `` at least the women are . 
 the men around here have n't quite graduated from the swinging-through-trees stage yet . '' 
 `` i owe you an apology for last night , miss o'halloran , '' mikhail said with far too much old world charm . 
 `` when i saw you crouched over my brother , i thought ... '' raven snorted . 
 `` he did n't think , he reacted . 
 he really is a great man , but overprotective with the people he loves . '' 
 there was a wealth of love in her teasing tone . 
 `` honestly , jacques , you ca n't keep her prisoner , locked up like some nun in a convent . '' 
 shea was mortified . 
 jacques , move ! 
 you 're embarrassing me . 
 with great reluctance jacques stepped aside . 
 shea could feel the instant tension in the room , the red haze building in jacques ' mind . 
 to reassure him , she took his hand , kept her mind firmly linked to his . 
 the moment she was exposed to the others , she could feel their eyes examining every inch of her . 
 raven glanced at gregori , clearly worried . 
 self-consciously , shea shoved at her hair . 
 she had n't even looked at herself in the mirror . 
 jacques tightened his hold on her hand . 
 do not ! 
 you are beautiful as you are . 
 they have no right to judge you in any way . 
 `` jacques , '' gregori said softly , `` your woman needs to feed , to heal . 
 you must allow me to help her . '' 
 shea 's chin went up , eyes flashing green fire . 
 `` i am perfectly capable of making my own decisions . 
 he does n't allow me to do or not do anything . 
 thanks for the offer , but i 'll heal with time . '' 
 `` you 'll get used to them , '' raven said hastily . 
 `` they 're really big on women 's health . 
 it would help you , shea - may i call you shea ? '' 
 raven smiled when shea nodded . 
 `` we 'd be happy to answer any of your questions . 
 it would be nice to get to know you . 
 after all , we are in-laws of sorts , '' she pointed out . 
 the rush of fear-based adrenaline in shea 's body at that simple observation of her commitment to jacques triggered an aggressive reaction in jacques . 
 lightning slashed across the sky , sizzled and danced , hit the ground in thunderous fury . 
 the wind hurtled through the cabin , lashed at the windows and walls . 
 a low , ominous growl rumbled in jacques ' throat . 
 shea felt the beast in him rising , felt him welcome it , reach for it with murderous intent . 
 she whirled to face him , slammed her palms flat on his chest , and shoved him as hard as she could , walking him backward toward a far comer . 
 you will not do this , jacques . 
 i need you sane right now . 
 i 'm doing my best to hold it together , but if there 's a fight , i 'll go crazy , i swear it . 
 please help me now . 
 please . 
 therewere tears in her mind , a vulnerability jacques had never seen in her . 
 jacques ' arms swept around her , cradling her close as he struggled to regain control . 
 her distress seemed to give him added strength . 
 he lifted his head , black eyes moving warily over the two males . 
 mikhail and gregori looked perfectly at ease , yet jacques sensed their alertness . 
 he forced himself to smile , then shrug casually . 
 `` i am afraid my mind has not healed as my body has . 
 you will have to have patience with me . 
 please enter our home as our guests . '' 
 the formal words came out of nowhere . 
 mikhail swung the door closed . 
 `` thank you , jacques . 
 we want only to help you and your lifemate . '' 
 he deliberately seated himself , placing himself in a vulnerable position . 
 raven perched comfortably on the arm of his chair . 
 gregori moved across the room with a deceptively lazy stride . 
 he walked with fluid grace , an animal sensuality , but jacques was well aware that the healer was subtly placing his body between the couple and jacques . 
 gregori . 
 the ancient one . 
 the dark one . 
 the words shimmered in his mind . 
 gregori was a very dangerous man . 
 `` i remember little of my past , '' he admitted softly . 
 `` perhaps it would be better for all of us if shea and i kept to ourselves . 
 i am well aware i am unstable , and i would not want anyone to get hurt . '' 
 shea turned in his arms to face the carpathians . 
 `` we appreciate your help . 
 it 's just that this is all so new to both of us . '' 
 gregori 's silver eyes studied her pale face , seeming to look right through her into her soul . 
 `` you are a doctor ? '' 
 shea shivered . 
 the healer 's voice was incredibly compelling . 
 the man had far too much power . 
 `` yes , i 'm a surgeon . '' 
 a smile curved the healer 's sensual mouth . 
 he was charismatic , but shea was well aware that his silver eyes had not warmed in the least . 
 they were cool and watchful . 
 `` you are very good . 
 carpathians do not respond well to human healing . 
 jacques was healing despite the odds against it . 
 we are all indebted to you . '' 
 `` you were able to do in an hour what several days of my care could not accomplish . '' 
 in spite of herself there was a note of admiration in her voice . 
 `` how is it you found jacques when we could not ? '' 
 again gregori 's voice was casual , but she sensed the question was a trap . 
 her chin lifted , her green eyes defiant . 
 `` seven years ago , while studying , i was overcome with pain . 
 pain there was no medical explanation for . 
 the agony lasted for hours . 
 from that night on , i had dreams of a man tortured , in pain , calling to me . '' 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 gregori questioned . 
 `` in the united states . '' 
 shea swept her fingers through her hair , found her hand was trembling , and put it behind her back . 
 those glittering pale eyes were disconcerting . 
 they seemed to see right into her soul , see every mistake she had ever made . 
 `` i know it sounds bizarre , but it 's true . 
 i had no idea there really was a man , that he was suffering . '' 
 guilt washed over her . 
 `` i should have found him sooner , but i did n't believe ... '' she trailed off , tears welling up . 
 do not do this , my love , jacques commanded , his arms tightening protectively . 
 they have no right to judge you . 
 none of them came for me . 
 you did , across an ocean . 
 and i did not treat you gently . 
 he touched the warmth of his mouth to her bruised throat . 
 `` yet you returned to me in spite of the way i attacked you . '' 
 he said the last aloud deliberately , a warning to the carpathians to back off from questioning her . 
 `` you must have been terrified , '' raven said softly . 
 shea nodded and sent jacques a small smile . 
 `` he was definitely something i had never encountered in my practice . '' 
 she was striving for normalcy in a world that was turned upside down . 
 `` you are young to be a doctor , '' mikhail observed . 
 shea made herself really look at him for the first time . 
 jacques and mikhail shared the same powerful build , the thick mane of hair , the ice-black eyes . 
 they both carried the hard edge of authority , self-confidence , and the trace of arrogance that came with it . 
 jacques ' finely chiseled features were more worn from his ordeal . 
 `` you look young to be centuries old , '' she countered , remembering the feel of his fingers on her throat . 
 mikhail acknowledged her with a slight grin and a nod . 
 beside her , jacques fought down the snarling beast the memory of mikhail 's attack triggered . 
 shea ignored him . 
 `` a woman named noelle had a child , a son , with a man named rand . 
 do you know where the boy is ? 
 he would be twenty-six now , '' she asked . 
 mikhail 's features stilled , became a mask . 
 a slow hiss escaped , and jacques instinctively edged around shea so that she was behind him . 
 be very careful , mikhail , gregoriwarned . 
 `` noelle was our sister , '' mikhail stated softly , `` murdered just weeks after the child was born . '' 
 shea nodded . 
 the information confirmed what jacques had already told her . 
 `` and the child ? '' 
 i do not like this , gregori . 
 why would she wish to know of noelle 's child ? 
 humans murdered her . 
 they have a network with far-reaching tentacles . 
 perhaps she is a part of it after all . 
 mikhail 's voice shimmered in gregori 's mind . 
 jacques would know . 
 gregori was certain . 
 maybe not . 
 his mind is shattered . 
 he would know . 
 she could not hide it . 
 you fear for your brother . 
 you do not look at her with your eyes and mind open . 
 there is much sorrow , tragedy in her eyes . 
 she is tied to a man she does not know , a man who is extremely dangerous , one who has hurt her on more than one occasion . 
 she is highly intelligent , mikhail ; she knows what she has become , and she is struggling to accept it . 
 this woman is no assassin . 
 mikhail inclined his head at his oldest friend 's assessment . 
 `` noelle 's son was murdered seven years ago , probably by the same assassins who tortured my brother . '' 
 if it was possible for shea to grow any paler , she did . 
 her body swayed slightly ; and jacques gathered her close . 
 the boy had been his nephew , but jacques had no memory of the child or the man , so the pain he felt was shea 's . 
 her half-brother , her only chance at a family . 
 i am your family , jacques comforted her gently , his chin rubbing lovingly over the top of her head . 
 he was the young man in the second photograph wallace and smith showed me . 
 i know he was . 
 shea laid her head wearily against his chest . 
 i felt such wrenching pain when i saw the photograph . 
 i am sorry , shea . 
 so much has happened . 
 you need time to absorb all this . 
 puzzled by her obvious distress , mikhail glanced at gregori , who shrugged his broad shoulders rather elegantly . 
 `` what of rand , his father ? '' 
 jacques voiced the question for shea , although the name sent pain splintering through his head , evoked a black , empty hole where memory should have been . 
 `` rand went to ground for a quarter of a century . 
 he rose last year , but he keeps to himself . 
 he sleeps most of the time , '' mikhail answered . 
 shea 's fingers curled in jacques ' . 
 `` he did not raise his own son ? '' 
 when mikhail shook his head , shea swallowed the hard knot of protest blocking her throat and glanced accusingly at jacques . 
 children and the women who live with them seem to be left alone rather easily by your race . 
 we are not rand and maggie . 
 jacques stated it firmly . 
 shea bit her lip as she studied mikhail . 
 `` what does ` go to ground ' mean ? '' 
 `` carpathians rejuvenate in the soil , '' gregori explained , watching her closely . 
 `` the human sleep does not allow quick healing or real rest . 
 we may go through human practices - showering , dressing , all the little habits to protect what we are , although there is no real need - but we sleep the sleep of carpathians . 
 the earth heals and protects us during our most vulnerable hours when the sun is high . '' 
 shea was shaking her head in denial , a hand going to her throat in a curiously defenseless gesture . 
 her eyes met jacques in helpless fear . 
 i can not . 
 you know i can not . 
 it is all right . 
 neither would i welcome another burial . 
 andit was true . 
 jacques had begun to suffocate , to associate the deep earth with pain and torment . 
 i would not force such a decision on you . 
 raven settled against mikhail 's shoulder . 
 `` i sleep above ground in a very comfortable bed . 
 well , the bedroom is situated below ground , but it 's a beautiful room . 
 you 'll have to come see it sometime . 
 i do n't like to sleep in the ground . 
 i was human , shea , like you . 
 if feels too much like being buried alive . '' 
 `` rand is my father , '' shea admitted suddenly . 
 there was a stark silence in the room . 
 even the wind stopped , as if nature itself was holding its breath . 
 mikhail moved then , seemed to flow from the chair , his power unmistakable . 
 his black eyes covered every inch of her . 
 gregori ? 
 if this is true , mikhail , rand has done what was thought impossible . 
 unless ... mikhail caught the thought . 
 gregori suspected that shea 's mother was rand 's true lifemate . 
 `` what you are saying is of tremendous importance to our race , shea . 
 your mother is human ? '' 
 `` was . 
 my mother committed suicide eight years ago . 
 she could n't face life without rand . '' 
 her chin lifted defiantly . 
 `` she was so obsessed with him , she did n't have anything left over for her child . '' 
 she said it matter-of-factly , as if she had n't suffered , had n't been alone all her life . 
 `` did he convert her ? '' 
 mikhail asked , furious at the unknown woman for neglecting her child , a female child at that . 
 at the very least the woman should have brought the baby to the carpathians to raise . 
 `` was she carpathian ? '' 
 `` no , she was n't like you , not even like me . 
 she was definitely human . 
 she was beautiful , irish , and completely withdrawn from the real world most of the time . 
 i knew about rand and noelle through my mother 's diary . '' 
 `` did your mother have any psychic talent ? '' 
 gregori asked thoughtfully . 
 raven glanced up at mikhail . 
 she had psychic ability . 
 shea 's answer was extremely important to the future of their race . 
 she would provide the proof of what they had long suspected , long hoped . 
 shea 's teeth bit at her lip . 
 `` she knew things before they happened . 
 she would know the phone was going to ring or that someone was about to stop by . 
 you have to understand , though , she rarely spoke . 
 she would forget about me for days , even weeks at a time , so i did n't know much about her . 
 she did n't exactly share lots of information with me . '' 
 `` but you are certain rand is your father ? '' 
 mikhail persisted . 
 `` when i was born , my blood caused quite a stir in the medical community . 
 in my mother 's diary she wrote that rand was my father and that he had a strange blood disorder . 
 she thought i had inherited it . 
 she took me to ireland , hid me , because the doctors and scientists frightened her with their persistent questions . 
 she was certain rand was dead . '' 
 mikhail and gregori exchanged a look . 
 their race was dying out . 
 the last female child to be born had been noelle some five hundred years earlier . 
 the men were choosing to end their existence or turning vampire without a lifemate . 
 mikhail and gregori had long suspected that a handful of human women , those with true psychic talent , had the ability to become a lifemate as raven had . 
 there had never before been an instance of a child born half-human , half-carpathian . 
 the only explanation possible was that shea 's mother had been rand 's true lifemate . 
 everyone had known he did not have real feelings for noelle . 
 yet rand had not turned shea 's mother . 
 no carpathian woman would have allowed her child to grow up alone as shea 's mother had . 
 why had n't rand said anything ? 
 their people would have cherished a child . 
 rand did not mention suicide when he awakened , gregori mused . 
 he stays to himself but that is not unusual . 
 `` is it possible for us to see this diary ? '' 
 mikhail asked shea gently . 
 shea shook her head sadly . 
 `` i was being hunted . 
 i had to destroy it . '' 
 `` your life must have been difficult , with no one to guide you , '' gregori said quietly . 
 `` you are not without your own unique capability . 
 you are a true healer . '' 
 `` i studied many years . '' 
 she sent him a small smile . 
 `` i had plenty of time to apply myself . '' 
 `` you were born a healer , '' he corrected . 
 `` it is a rare gift . '' 
 gregori 's silver eyes dwelt on her slender figure . 
 `` jacques . '' 
 his voice dropped even lower so that the sound seemed to seep into one 's bloodstream and warm it like a good brandy . 
 `` she is growing weaker . 
 her body trembles . 
 i know that you do not fully understand her importance to our entire race , but i know your instincts are strong and intact . 
 you are her lifemate , sworn to her protection and care . '' 
 shea 's hand gripped jacques ' tightly . 
 `` do n't listen to him . 
 what we choose to do has nothing to do with any of them . '' 
 `` trust me , love , i would never allow him to harm you , '' jacques said softly in reassurance . 
 `` he is only concerned that you are so weak . '' 
 `` i am a healer , like you , shea . '' 
 gregori seemed to glide forward . 
 his body flowed without a hint of movement or threat . 
 he was just suddenly closer . 
 `` i would never hurt a woman . 
 i am carpathian . 
 a male seeks only to protect and care for our women . '' 
 his hand reached out to her neck . 
 the touch of his fingers was astonishing . 
 light . 
 heat . 
 a tingling sensation . 
 `` you must feed , shea . '' 
 the voice was around her , in her , working at her will . 
 `` jacques needs you strong to see him through what lies ahead . 
 our people need you . 
 my blood is ancient and powerful . 
 it will serve you , heal you , strengthen both of you . '' 
 `` no ! 
 jacques , no . 
 tell him no . '' 
 for some reason she was alarmed at the idea . 
 `` i will feed her , '' jacques objected quietly , his voice all the more menacing because of its hush . 
 the pale eyes slid over him . 
 `` you need to conserve your strength to heal your own body . 
 mikhail will supply you with what you need . 
 there was a time , not so long ago , when you gave freely to your brother . '' 
 jacques carefully inspected shea . 
 her skin was so pale , she looked translucent . 
 the bruises on her throat , stark smudges ; had not healed . 
 she looked tired , her body far too slender . 
 gregori was right ; she was trembling . 
 why had he not seen her weakness ? 
 he certainly had contributed to it . 
 hisblood is very pure , shea . 
 it is what aided my healing so quickly . 
 i am not happy with another male seeing to your needs , but he is our healer . 
 i want you to do as he says . 
 i wo n't , jacques . 
 shea shook her head adamantly . 
 i want to go right now . 
 you promised me we could go . 
 this must be done , shea . 
 he is right . 
 you grow weaker every day . 
 we do n't need them to help us . 
 she held out a hand to stop gregori 's advance . 
 `` i know you 're trying to help us , but i 'm not ready for this yet . 
 i need to figure things out for myself and get used to what i have to do to survive . 
 surely that 's not such an unreasonable thing . '' 
 deliberately her fingers tangled with jacques ' , linking them together . 
 she needed him on her side , to understand she needed time . 
 `` to give you time to slowly die from lack of care ? 
 your health has been neglected for some time . 
 you are a doctor - you know that is so . 
 you made up your mind your life span would be very short . 
 that can not be , '' gregori said softly . 
 his voice was mesmerizing , hypnotic . 
 `` our women are our only hope . 
 we can not lose you . '' 
 shea could feel jacques ' swift denial of the possibility of such a thing . 
 violence swirled close to the surface , but he man aged to control it . 
 his black eyes centered on her green ones . 
 i know what he says is true . 
 shea . 
 i have felt your acceptance of your death on more than one occasion . 
 you were willing to trade your life for mine . 
 that 's different , and you know it , she said desperately . 
 his hands were on her , trapping her to him . 
 do n't do this , jacques . 
 let me do this in my own time . 
 shea . 
 heached with wanting to do as she asked him . 
 she could feel it in his mind , the need to give her whatever would make her happy , yet at the same time the idea that she could be slipping away from him terrified him . 
 his every instinct insisted he do as the healer suggested and ensure that she was brought to full strength . 
 he fought to stay in control , to not allow his animal instincts to make the decision . 
 please , little red hair , just do this so we can both be strong . 
 once it is done , we will be able to be on our own together and make our own decisions . 
 i 'm not ready , jacques . 
 try to understand . 
 i need time to comprehend what 's happening to me . 
 i need to feel in control . 
 i 'm not going to die . 
 i 've accepted that whatever you are , whatever my father is , i have become wholly . 
 i know that you somehow were able to bind us together . 
 and i 'm trying to deal with all that in my own time and way . 
 i am attempting to do what is right for you . 
 how can you know what 's right for me ? 
 you decided for me . 
 you took over my life without my knowledge or consent . 
 you had no right to do that , jacques . 
 no , i did not , headmitted . 
 i would like to think that if i was not what i have become , i would have courted you as i should , that i could have earned your love and loyalty . 
 i would hope i was not the type of man to force my will on you . 
 this is no different , jacques . 
 ca n't you see that ? 
 `` she is so weak , jacques , and so much has happened so quickly . '' 
 gregori 's velvet voice was seductive . 
 `` she can not make a rational decision . 
 how will you aid her ? 
 if you try to supply her with blood , you will be unable to adequately protect her . 
 she needs to be healed . 
 you are her lifemate , jacques . 
 reach inside yourself , deep within you . 
 these things were imprinted on you before your birth . 
 the male can do no other than to see to his lifemate 's health . '' 
 mikhail , ravenobjected . 
 she 's being pushed too far . 
 do n't allow this . 
 she is too important to all of us . 
 we need her at full strength , so she can control jacques while we wait for his mind to fully heal . 
 none of us can do so . 
 we do not wish to be forced to destroy him . 
 in the end she would choose to follow him , and we would lose her also . 
 you can see her first thought is for jacques and not for herself . 
 she would follow him for certain . 
 we have to do this , raven . 
 i am sorry it distresses you . 
 jacques bent his head to find shea 's temple with warmth and tenderness . 
 his arms closed around her , pulled her resisting body in close to his hard frame . 
 `` shea , i believe the healer is right in this . '' 
 i ca n't believe you would betray me like this . 
 you 're siding with them . 
 why , jacques ? 
 you owe me more respect than this . 
 because without you , i am far too dangerous to the world . 
 because what i feel for you goes far beyond the human emotion of love . 
 jacques tipped her chin up and forced her green eyes to meet his black ones . 
 at once she could feel his will bending hers to do his bidding . 
 she was falling forward into the depths of his eyes . 
 his voice was murmuring in her head , a low command she tried hard to resist . 
 you will accept what the healer offers . 
 gregori was already moving forward , his soft voice adding to the power of jacques ' . 
 he bit carefully into his wrist and held it to shea 's mouth . 
 the scent was overpowering , triggering the terrible hunger and need in her . 
 jacques ' palm was pressing the back of her head , forcing her toward the liquid of life , the healing ancient blood that would pour power and strength into her body . 
 `` she is strong-willed , jacques , '' gregori counseled softly . 
 shea was fighting the compulsion to feed . 
 the rich blood , so potent , flowing into her starving body , did not weaken her resistance , it merely made her stronger . 
 gregori could see that jacques was wavering as he watched shea fight the compulsion . 
 jacques ' mind might be fragmented , he might even be mad at times , but his feelings for shea were strong and healthy . 
 the healer purposely dropped his voice another octave , using the purity of his tone to persuade jacques . 
 `` our women are few , the only hope for our people . 
 the one sure way to wipe out our people is to murder our women . 
 they must be guarded at all times . 
 the assassins have returned to our land . 
 the very soil groans under their boots . '' 
 `` shea has seen them . '' 
 jacques watched warily as mikhail approached , still not trusting himself with the man who had come so close to strangling shea . 
 `` they have nearly caught her twice . '' 
 `` feed , jacques . 
 i offer my life freely to you as you have so many times done for me . '' 
 mikhail slashed his wrist and held it out to his brother . 
 the moment the richness spilled into his mouth , the taste and surge of power brought a rush of fragments of memories . 
 mikhail laughing , pushing jacques from a tree branch playfully . 
 mikhail 's body crouched low , protectively , in front of his as a vampire with brown-stained teeth began to grow long , dagger-like nails . 
 mikhail holding raven 's limp body , a river of blood , the earth and sky erupting all around them while mikhail looked up at jacques with the hopeless resolve to join his lifemate in her fate . 
 jacques ' eyes jumped to mikhail 's face , examined every inch of it . 
 this man was a leader , a dangerous , powerful predator who had skillfully steered their dying race through centuries of pitfalls . 
 one whom such as gregori chose to follow . 
 something stirred inside jacques , the need to protect this man , to shield him . 
 mikhail . 
 mikhail 's head jerked up . 
 he heard his name echo clearly in his head . 
 the path had been there for one heartbeat , familiar and strong ; then just as quickly it was lost . 
 jacques was so distracted by the pieces of memories floating in his mind , his hold on shea slipped . 
 shea felt his inattention and gathered herself , waiting , waiting . 
 the moment the compulsion lifted , she wrenched her head from gregori 's wrist and leapt away . 
 jerking the heavy door open , shea fled into the fury of the storm . 
 the air in the cabin stilled , thickened with a kind of malevolent darkness . 
 jacques ' features were a granite mask , his black eyes flat and hard . 
 he took one last swallow of the powerful liquid , carefully closed the wound , and lifted his head . 
 `` i thank you for your assistance , but i must ask you to leave . 
 perhaps tomorrow night you will try your hand at mending my mind , healer . '' 
 his gaze was on the night , a dark purpose creeping into his tone . 
 `` jacques ... '' raven ventured hesitantly . 
 this stranger was more beast than man , not the gentle brother-in-law she had known . 
 at one time , jacques had been filled with lazy amusement , with laughter and boyish pranks . 
 now he was a being without mercy , dangerous , insane perhaps . 
 mikhail silently pulled her from the cabin , his body already beginning to lose form . 
 they have to work it out themselves , my love . 
 he seems so dangerous . 
 he can not harm his lifemate . 
 mikhailtried valiantly to believe it . 
 there was a darkness in jacques , a truly frightening void none of them could breach . 
 gregori hesitated in the doorway . 
 `` take precautions when you sleep , jacques . 
 we are hunted . '' 
 he , too , shimmered , dissolved , and streamed into the night . 
 gregori , will he harm her ? 
 inspite of his reassurance to raven , mikhail felt he could n't take any chances with shea 's health . 
 if anyone could assess the damage to jacques ' mind , it was the healer . 
 he thinks to punish her impetuous behavior , gregorireplied softly , but i can feel his mind turning to hers , taking in her overwhelming emotions . 
 he tries to be angry with her , but it will not stay in his mind . 
 the blood from the ancients had given jacques his full strength . 
 he felt his immense power , savored it once again . 
 on bare feet he padded across the room to the door and inhaled deeply . 
 despite the storm , he knew exactly where shea was . 
 he was in her mind at all times , never separated . 
 he could feel her wild emotions , her panic and desperation , her need to escape the mountains , the carpathians . 
 to escape him . 
 you will return to me , shea . 
 itwas a clear order , and he hoped she would obey him , hoped he would not have to force her . 
 shea leapt over a rotting log and stopped abruptly under the canopy of a huge tree . 
 the command was stark , impressive in its absence of emotion . 
 she recognized anger in herself . 
 it was new to her . 
 brand new . 
 she could n't remember being angry before . 
 shea was usually careful not to feel anything at all . 
 she preferred to analyze things . 
 please try to understand , jacques . 
 i wo n't be a part of this . 
 i will not argue long distance with you . 
 come to me now . 
 for strength shea clutched at an overhead tree branch . 
 jacques ' lack of inflection frightened her more than his anger could have . 
 she sensed a power in him , a total confidence . 
 i wo n't come back . 
 i ca n't . 
 just live your life , jacques . 
 you have it back now . 
 if jacques had really felt no emotion in centuries , then he would be struggling just as she was to stay in control . 
 everything seemed so intense . 
 she wanted the calm , tranquil world she understood , where her brain ruled and emotions could be pushed aside . 
 you can not possibly win this battle , shea . 
 itwas a warning , nothing less . 
 the tone was devoid of any feeling whatsoever . 
 why does it have to be a battle ? 
 you need to accept my decision . 
 i have the right to leave . 
 come to me , shea . 
 there was iron strength in his command . 
 this time he exerted a subtle but frightening pressure . 
 shea pressed both hands to her head . 
 stop it ! 
 you ca n't force me . 
 of course i can . 
 even as the words echoed in his mind , he realized they were true . 
 he could do almost anything . 
 he stepped off the porch into the driving rain and stretched his muscles lazily , reveling in their response . 
 he was truly alive again . 
 he could easily bring her to him , bend her will to his . 
 she needed to learn that carpathian women were under their lifemate 's protection at all times . 
 she never took precautions , never scanned her surroundings ; she never took care for her own protection . 
 was that the kind of man he had become ? 
 had he always been so ? 
 someone willing to force his will on the one person who cared for him , risked her life for him ? 
 was it so much to ask that he give her time to adjust ? 
 jacques rubbed the bridge of his nose thoughtfully . 
 she was so fragile , so vulnerable . 
 shea could brave the wildest river or highest mountain . 
 she had the strength to handle any crisis , but not her own emotions . 
 his competent little redhead was terrified of her feelings for him . 
 her childhood had been a nightmare . 
 he could not allow her life with him to become the same thing . 
 jacques actually felt the curious melting in the region of his heart , the surge of heat that rushed through his bloodstream . 
 little one , why do you persist in fighting me ? 
 his voice , whispering so softly in her mind , was filled with tenderness . 
 do you know what will happen to you without me ? 
 her entire being responded to the velvet caress of his voice , the rising tide of love . 
 if he had continued to argue and chastise , she would have had a chance , but the moment he spoke in that tender , caressing way , she was lost . 
 at once she felt overwhelming despair . 
 she could never be free of him , never . 
 is that such a terrible fate , love ? 
 hisvoice turned her heart over . 
 to be with me ? 
 this time there was a single thread of hurt . 
 ami truly such a monster then ? 
 i do n't know how to be with you . 
 i feel trapped , like i ca n't move or think . 
 shea pressed her fingers to her temple , her back to the tree . 
 ido n't want to need you . 
 i do n't want to be with any of them . 
 he was moving steadily toward her , not fast , not slow . 
 the rain drove down on his broad shoulders , glistened off his back . 
 the coolness only added to the gathering heat in his body . 
 she seemed small and defenseless . 
 with each step into the night , with the soil beneath his feet , and the ancient 's blood flowing in his veins , his strength grew . 
 i need you just to breathe , shea , headmitted starkly . 
 iam sorry that terrifies you . 
 i wish that i had more control , but i can not be alone like that , not ever again . 
 i try to keep my presence in you but a shadow . 
 perhaps with time i can let go a bit . 
 being with me terrifies you , but being without you terrifies me . 
 a note of amusement crept in . 
 we are so compatible . 
 shea knew he was coming toward her ; she could tell by the way her heart pounded in anticipation , the way her body came alive . 
 she buried her face in the crook of her arm , hanging on grimly to the branch above her . 
 you do n't know me , jacques . 
 i am in you . 
 i know you . 
 you are afraid of me , of what i can do . 
 you are afraid of my instability , my power . 
 you fear what i am and what you have become . 
 yet you are strong and determined that no harm shall come to me . 
 you know your brain is excited at the possibilities of the existence of our race . 
 his laughter was soft and inviting . 
 i am your lifemate , bound to treasure you , cherish and protect you . 
 always see to your happiness . 
 and you have the same abilities as i. your first thought was to force me back to you , shea ccused him . 
 shea , my love , you never think to scan , never check for danger . 
 and you can not exist without me . 
 it is my duty and my right to protect you . 
 what happens to me if you die ? 
 what happens to you if i die ? 
 she knew the answer ; she had watched her mother 's empty life . 
 this is obsession . 
 she said the words aloud so that the wind could carry them through the mountains . 
 `` i wo n't be like her . '' 
 she lifted her face to the driving rain so that the drops ran down her face like tears . 
 it was too late . 
 she could n't survive without jacques . 
 was n't she just like her mother after all ? 
 he came out of the night so beautifully male that he took her breath away . 
 his black eyes moved over her possessively , curiously predatory . 
 shea shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not strong enough , jacques . '' 
 the wind whipped at her , nearly drove her sideways . 
 `` choose life for us , shea , for our children . 
 i will not be easy to live with , but i swear to you , no one could love you more . 
 i will do anything to make you happy . '' 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 you ca n't make another person happy . 
 i 'm the only one who can do that for myself . 
 and i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` you are just afraid . 
 we both have some problems , shea . 
 you fear the intimacy and i lack of it . 
 it is simply a matter of meeting somewhere in the middle . '' 
 his voice was so soft , she felt it on her very skin , as if his fingertips were skimming over satin in the lightest caress . 
 jacques stepped closer , beneath the tree 's canopy , his dark eyes intense . 
 `` choose me now , shea . 
 need me . 
 want me . 
 love me . 
 choose life for us . '' 
 `` it should n't be like this . '' 
 `` we are not human . 
 we are carpathian , of the earth . 
 we command the wind and the rain . 
 the animals are our brethren . 
 we can run with the wolf , soar with the owl , and become one with the rain itself . 
 we are not human , shea . 
 we do not feed on flesh as humans do , and we do not love as humans do . 
 we are different . '' 
 `` we are hunted all the time . '' 
 shea lifted her emerald gaze to the disturbing intensity of jacques ' black eyes . 
 he was so close that she could feel the heat of his skin reaching out to her . 
 his fingertips brushed the curve of her cheek , her mouth . 
 his need of her was as elemental as the storm itself . 
 it burned in him like the hot sizzle of electricity , like the slowly spreading heat of molten lava . 
 `` need me , shea . '' 
 his voice ached with it . 
 `` need me the same way i need you . 
 i would give my life for you . 
 live for me . 
 find a way to live for me . 
 love me that much . '' 
 her eyelashes swept down , raindrops glistening on the ends of the feathery crescents . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're asking of me . '' 
 his hands framed her face , thumbs brushing her frantic pulse . 
 each light caress sent flames dancing through her body . 
 her gaze once more reluctantly found his , her eyes filled with a kind of hopelessness . 
 `` of course i know what the cost is to you , little one . 
 i feel your reluctance , your revulsion of our feeding habits . '' 
 his hand slid to the nape of her neck , drew her close . 
 `` i 've tried to make the adjustment , '' she protested . 
 `` i need more time . '' 
 `` i know that , shea . 
 i should have found another way to help you heal . 
 i am trying to find out what kind of lifemate you have . 
 i want to be what you need , someone you can respect and love , not someone who imposes his will and takes the expedient way out . 
 there are ways , little love , to feed you without revulsion . '' 
 his mouth found her pulse , felt it jump under the velvet rasp of his tongue . 
 his lips moved to her chin , the corner of her lips . 
 his voice was husky , aching . 
 `` want me enough , shea . 
 want me with more than just your body . 
 let me into your heart . '' 
 his mouth fastened on hers , not gently but wildly , hungrily . 
 the hunger was in his eyes when he raised his head to look down at her . 
 `` open your mind to me . 
 want me there , as you want me in your body . 
 want me coming to you wild with a need only you can satisfy . 
 take me into your soul and let me live there . '' 
 his mouth was roaming every inch of her face , the column of her neck , the hollow of her shoulder . 
 his body burned and ached and needed . 
 his heart tuned itself to the rhythm of hers . 
 his mind was a haze of desire , erotic pictures , and sensual needs . 
 it was filled with tenderness and love , an intensity that scorched her as much as the hunger in him . 
 the heat of his mouth found her breast through the thin cotton of her shirt , claimed her . 
 his body reacted savagely , painfully , his jeans tight and uncomfortable . 
 jacques dragged her closer , the storm in him , around him , a part of him . 
 `` make me whole . 
 shea . 
 do not leave me like this . 
 want me back . 
 need my body in yours . 
 have to touch me as i have to touch you . '' 
 shea could feel it in him , the raging , wild desire , the dark , sensual hunger . 
 his eyes held so much need , there was no way she could possibly refuse him . 
 her hands were already sliding over his defined , sculpted muscles , the wildness in her erupting every bit as stormily as the weather around them . 
 her mouth fed on his ; her hands pushed at his clothes , at hers , to rid them of the unnatural encumbrances . 
 she could n't get close enough to him ; skin to skin was not going to do it . 
 jacques drew her shirt over her head , tossed it aside , nearly bent her backward to feed hungrily at her breasts . 
 his hands slid up and down her sides , her narrow ribcage , the tiny waist . 
 `` let me into your heart , shea , '' jacques murmured along the creamy swell of her breast , against the frantic rhythm beating in tune to his . 
 `` right here , little one , let me in . '' 
 his teeth scraped her satin skin , his tongue caressed and stroked . 
 he dragged the jeans from her waist , pushed them down the curve of her slender hips . 
 dropping to his knees , he circled her hips with his arms , nuzzled the silk panties , burrowed deep . 
 shea cried out his name , and the wind whirled the sound and roared it back to her , surrounded her with him , with his scent and the strength of his desire . 
 `` want me , shea . 
 like this . 
 like it is meant to be . 
 just like this . 
 i have to have you . 
 out here in the middle of this storm . 
 i have to have you right now . '' 
 he ripped the silk panties aside , clutched her to him , feeding on flowing , honeyed heat . 
 her body rippled with pleasure , and she writhed against his attacking mouth , but he did n't stop , instead sending her over and over the edge . 
 shea could only grab hold of his thick charcoal hair with her fist and hold on as the world rocked under her feet and the rain crashed to earth . 
 jacques somehow managed to do away with her shoes and drag the jeans from her body . 
 she stood naked in the driving rain , so hot she was afraid the water would sizzle when it hit her skin . 
 `` do you want me , shea ? '' 
 this time his voice was hesitant , as if for all his strength , for all his power , one word from her would bring him crashing down . 
 he was kneeling at her feet , his beloved face - so ravaged by torment , so beautifully male , so sensually carpathian - staring up at her . 
 he was lost without her ; it was there for her to see . 
 raw . 
 stark . 
 his total vulnerability . 
 for just one moment the wind seemed to cease , and the storm held itself still as if the very skies were awaiting her answer . 
 `` you ca n't possibly know how much i want you , jacques , even if you 're reading my mind . '' 
 she pulled him to his feet , leaned forward to brush his lips with hers . 
 `` i want you in my heart . 
 i always have . '' 
 her breath was warm on his chest . 
 her tongue tasted his skin , felt the answering jump of his heart . 
 her hands went to the buttons of his jeans , then slowly freed him from their tight confines . 
 a whip of lightning cracked across the sky , and for one moment his profile was lit up . 
 his dark body , the taut muscles and his terrible need of her , was revealed starkly in the night . 
 his eyes never left her , black and intense and so hungry . 
 shea 's arms circled him lightly , and she touched her mouth to his flat , hard stomach . 
 jacques jumped as if she had burned him . 
 her palms followed the carved contours of his buttocks , lingered for a moment as if memorizing him . 
 then she was on her knees , her hand cupping him , stroking and caressing the velvet shaft . 
 her every movement sent a shudder of pleasure dancing through his body , a rush of flames leaping to engulf him . 
 jacques caught a fistful of her red hair , soaked and darkened by the driving rain . 
 he urged her forward , thrusting his hips aggressively , consumed with need for her touch . 
 she was laughing softly , tauntingly , as the heated , moist interior of her mouth slid over him . 
 he groaned and held her to him , lifted his face to the wild storm . 
 `` you have to mean it , shea . 
 you can not do this and not mean it . '' 
 the words were torn from him , raw and hurting , as if from his soul . 
 she tightened her hold on him , followed his unintentional thrusting , deliberately enticed him further . 
 he dragged her up , buried his face in her neck , breathing deeply to maintain a semblance of control . 
 hands spanning her waist , he lifted her . 
 `` put your legs around my waist , love . '' 
 he was biting her throat gently , his teeth urgent , his tongue easing every ache . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck , settled herself over him , felt the hard thickness of him pushing aggressively for entrance . 
 he felt far too big , so hot she was afraid both of them would go up in flames . 
 before she could ease herself over him , he thrust upward , spearing her , filling her so completely that she cried his name . 
 the sound was lost in the violence of the storm raging around them . 
 the rain ran down her face , off her pale shoulders , down her full , gleaming breasts to form beads at the peaks of her rose-colored nipples . 
 jacques caught the water in his mouth , his body thrusting hard into hers . 
 flames burned them , consumed them , leapt between them . 
 she was fiery heat gripping him , holding him to her , drawing him deeper and deeper into the magic of her spell . 
 jacques ' mouth found hers again , a little brutally , feeding voraciously , dominantly , laying claim to her , branding her for all time . 
 `` open your mind to mine . '' 
 the whisper was once again against her throat she felt his mouth at the hollow of her shoulder , his teeth , the heat and beckoning hunger . 
 `` give me your mind , shea . 
 let me in and keep me there . '' 
 the whisper was a sorcerer 's web . 
 he was weaving a spell so strong , she had no thought to deny him anything . 
 he surged into her body , pushed through the barrier into her mind , and claimed her heart . 
 at once everything was different . 
 he felt her pleasure , so intense she was nearly on fire with it . 
 she felt his pleasure , reaching for the very stars , his body gathering strength , his wanting her fulfillment above his own . 
 he wanted the world for her , ached to have her love him as he was , damaged and broken and nearly a madman . 
 she could see into his soul , the barely leashed beast always striving for dominance , never quite conquered . 
 she could see his fear of losing her , of being forever vampire , loathed and hunted by his own kind . 
 and she could see his terrible need to protect her , keep her safe , and his need to please her . 
 he wanted to earn her respect and love , be worthy of it . 
 he made no effort to hide the demon in him , dark and ugly , so hungry for revenge , so in need of a keeper . 
 shea allowed her childhood , stark and lonely , to flow into his mind , her fears of sharing her life , her need for control and discipline , her total desire for him and her secret dreams of children and a family . 
 jacques ' arms tightened , and he laughed softly , triumphantly . 
 she had faced the worst in him , and her body was meeting his every thrust with a tight , fiery friction . 
 her mind was consumed with hunger and need for him and a fragile commitment she was determined to see through . 
 he took her mouth as he took her body , wild and crazy and completely uninhibited . 
 thunder rolled and boomed , and she keened softly , clutching at him as her body clenched around his and exploded into the stars . 
 his hoarse cry was lost in the fury of the storm as his entire body seemed to disintegrate , to soar and erupt with all the explosive power of a volcano . 
 exhausted and sated , shea lay her head on his shoulder as he leaned against the barreled trunk of the closest tree . 
 the rains cooled the heat of their bodies , finally penetrated the wild desire and hot hunger that had shielded them from its onslaught . 
 very gently jacques lowered her feet to the ground , retaining possession of her waist to help her trembling legs hold her up . 
 shea raised a hand to push back her rain-slick hair . 
 he caught her fingers and raised her palm to his mouth . 
 `` you are the most beautiful sight i have ever seen . '' 
 she smiled , shook her head at him . 
 `` you 're crazy , you know that ? 
 this is one of the most magnificent lightning storms i 've ever seen , and i did n't even notice until now . '' 
 he grinned at her suggestively , rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` says something . '' 
 `` exactly , '' she agreed . 
 `` you 're crazy , and i must be , too . '' 
 his hands cupped her bottom , drew her close against his hard frame , his face buried in the hollow of her shoulder as he savored the moment . 
 he would never forget how he felt , how she looked , so wild and beautiful in the storm , and her complete acceptance of him with his shattered mind and leashed demons . 
 `` this will never go away , shea , what we feel for one another . 
 it never goes away . 
 it gets stronger with each century . 
 you never have to worry about losing this intensity . '' 
 he felt her smile against his bare skin , the small kiss she pressed into his chest . 
 `` i might not survive . 
 i 'm not sure i can stand up on my own . '' 
 `` i can help you with that . '' 
 there was a teasing , insinuating note in his voice , and she felt him press her closer , felt him thicken and harden against her stomach . 
 `` you really are crazy . 
 i hate to be a wet blanket , but it 's raining all over us . '' 
 she was laughing as she protested , her body moving subtly against his , unable to believe they could possibly do more than cling to one another after such a wild encounter . 
 he turned her so that she was against the tree , his large frame shielding her from the driving rain . 
 jacques ' palms cupped her face , and he bent his head to hers , his mouth tender , loving , as he kissed her slightly swollen mouth . 
 `` i will never get enough of you , not if we live centuries . '' 
 his palms moved over her breasts possessively down her flat stomach to rest there , fingers splayed wide . 
 `` i can not wait to feel our child growing within you . '' 
 his eyes darkened to black ice . 
 `` i never thought i could share you with anyone , but the thought of our child makes me want you even more . '' 
 `` slow down , wild man , i think we need to get to know one another better first . 
 we 're a couple of emotional cripples , and that does n't make for great parenting . '' 
 he laughed softly against her mouth before he kissed her again . 
 `` i know what is in your mind and heart , little one . 
 it is not so scary for me anymore . 
 once you make up your mind , you stick to it like glue . 
 it is what makes you such a good researcher . '' 
 `` do n't think you 're going to get around me with sex . 
 just as you were in my mind , i was in yours . 
 do n't think i did n't notice your tendency to want to dominate . '' 
 his hands were delving into shadows and hollows , finding all kinds of secret , sensitive places . 
 his mouth slid down her throat , a bunting trail as he lapped up the water until he came to her breasts . 
 `` you do not think sex is a good idea in these situations ? '' 
 his tongue swirled over her nipple ; his teeth scraped lovingly along the contour of the creamy swell , followed it into the valley over her heart . 
 `` but you taste so good . '' 
 his hand cupped springy curls , pushed against moist heat before his fingers tested the fire in her waiting sheath . 
 `` and you feel so good . '' 
 `` you are so crazy , '' she could n't help but laugh , pushing against his hand , using her own to stroke and caress and arouse him further . 
 `` i swear , jacques , neither of us is going to be able to stand . '' 
 she should have felt the cold , but the rain only added to the erotic moment , feeding the intensity of the flames growing between them . 
 laughing , happy , jacques backed her toward a fallen log , turning her around so that she faced away from him . 
 placing her hands on the moss-covered log for stability , he bent her forward so that he could place a kiss at the base of her spine . 
 the light brush sent a shiver of excitement spiraling through her , a shudder of pleasure as his fingers assured him she was ready for him . 
 catching her slender hips in his large hands , jacques paused for a moment , marveling at the perfection of a woman 's body , shea 's body . 
 her bottom was round and firm , well-muscled and inviting . 
 `` you are so beautiful , shea , unbelievably beautiful . '' 
 he pushed against her , prolonging the moment of entrance , watching the rain slide down her pale satin skin to meet the hard length of him . 
 `` jacques ! '' 
 shea pushed back against him excitedly , her body soft and yielding , wet and welcoming . 
 he drove into the tight , hot , velvet sheath so perfectly fitted to his body . 
 the feel of her was ecstasy all over again , an experience he would never get enough of . 
 jacques thrust forward , hard and deep , wanting to fill her completely , needing to hear her soft , keening cries . 
 it drove him wild , those little sounds coming from her throat , the way her body pushed back to meet his . 
 the rain seemed a part of it all , surrounding them like a veil , sliding over their hot bodies , sensitizing their skin . 
 he felt her around him , a part of him , one body , truly together , with the earth moving around them and the heavens ripped apart by their passion . 
 he could feel every muscle in his body taut and ready , waiting , waiting , the perfect moment with her body clenching around his , taking his seed from him as he surged into her again and again , a torrent of color and beauty and miraculous pleasure . 
 he felt her open to him , her mind and heart and soul , softly feminine , exquisitely woman , all his . 
 her pleasure matched his own beat for beat , shudder for shudder . 
 he had to hold her to keep himself on his feet , and they collapsed together into the soaked vegetation . 
 holding each other , the rain cooling their bodies , they laughed like children . 
 `` i expected steam this time , '' jacques said , crushing her to him . 
 `` can you do that ? '' 
 shea fit the back of her head into the niche of his sternum . 
 one hand idly slid over the heavy muscles of his chest . 
 `` make us so hot we turn the rain to steam ? '' 
 he grinned boyishly down at her , for the first time so carefree that he forgot for a moment the torment he had suffered . 
 she made him invincible . 
 she made him vulnerable . 
 most of all , she made him alive . 
 `` no , really - what they did , those others . 
 they were like fog or mist . 
 can you really do that ? '' 
 shea persisted . 
 `` i mean , you said you could , but i thought maybe you were delusional . '' 
 his eyebrows shot up . 
 `` delusional ? '' 
 jacques flashed a cocky grin , held out his arm , and watched as fur rippled along the length of it , as the fingers curved and extended into claws . 
 he had to make a grab for shea as she scrambled away from him , her eyes enormous . 
 jacques was careful not to hurt her with his strength . 
 `` stop laughing at me , you brute . 
 that 's not exactly normal . '' 
 a slow smile was beginning to curve her soft mouth . 
 she could n't help but be happy for the innocent joy he found in each piece of information that came to him , each new memory of his gifts . 
 `` it is normal for us , love . 
 we can shape-shift whenever we like . '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` you mean all those hideous stories are true ? 
 rats and bats and slimy worm things ? '' 
 `` now , why would i want to be a slimy worm thing ? '' 
 he was openly laughing . 
 the sound startled him ; he could n't remember laughing aloud . 
 `` very funny , jacques . 
 i 'm so glad you find this amusing . 
 those people actually formed themselves out of fog , like something in a movie . '' 
 she gave a punch to his arm for emphasis . 
 `` explain it . '' 
 `` shape-shifting is easy once you are strong . 
 when i said we run with the wolf , i meant it literally . 
 we run with the pack . 
 we can fly with the owl and become the air . '' 
 he pushed back the wet hair framing her face . 
 `` why is it you are not cold ? '' 
 shea sat up , astonished at the notion . 
 she was n't cold , not really . 
 she became cold when she thought about it , but she had n't been . 
 `` why was n't i ? '' 
 `` carpathians regulate their body temperature naturally . 
 illusion is also an easy thing to master . 
 clothes do not have to be bought unless we wish it . 
 most of the time we are very careful to follow human ways . '' 
 he kissed the top of her head . 
 `` you can pretend to be cold if that will make you feel better . '' 
 `` i do n't like the idea of staying here , jacques , staying so close to the others . 
 i feel like i ca n't breathe . 
 but maybe it 's only because i do n't exactly see people turning into fog every day . 
 maybe we should stay a little longer and learn a few things from them . '' 
 `` i can teach you how to shape-shift . '' 
 he sounded annoyed . 
 shea nipped his throat . 
 `` i definitely do not want to learn how to shape-shift . 
 i 'm still on square one , learning to share my life and my body with another person . 
 but if i ever do want to be a rat or something like that , i promise only you will teach me . 
 i 'm talking about other things , like how the healer made you well so quickly . '' 
 jacques swallowed his protest quickly . 
 she actually sounded excited , not scared . 
 he did n't like the idea of another man near her , another man spending time with her . 
 but she was a healer , and gregori could teach her much . 
 he wanted her to be happy . 
 he reached for his memories . 
 gregori . 
 the dark one . 
 ancient and powerful . 
 solitary . 
 `` he is always alone . '' 
 carpathians whispered of his power , rarely used his name or spoke it aloud . 
 `` the healer always roams the earth seeking knowledge . 
 he does not stay among our kind . 
 there is none more dangerous , yet none more dedicated to preserving our race . 
 mikhail is his friend . 
 they understand and respect one another . '' 
 shea burrowed closer to jacques ' body , a protection from the storm . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're remembering all of this . 
 it 's amazing , jacques . 
 does your head ache ? '' 
 he rubbed his forehead even as he shook his head to deny it . 
 the truth was , the pain was splintering and cracking the inside of his mind . 
 for her , he could endure anything . 
 `` his one apprentice was only half a century younger than gregori and mikhail . 
 he was different even in appearance . 
 a loner like gregori . 
 he , too , searched for knowledge . 
 he spoke most languages like a native and served as a soldier in many different armies . 
 he was tall and broad-shouldered , with the same heavy muscles gregori has . 
 his hair was long and blond , very rare among our people . 
 his eyes were gold , pure gold . 
 gregori allowed him to learn the art of healing from him . 
 they were seen together on and off over a number of years all over the world . '' 
 `` who is he ? 
 is he still alive ? '' 
 shea was intrigued . 
 `` he is named aidan , and he has a twin . 
 he often hunted with us . '' 
 his head was throbbing and threatening to explode if he continued . 
 `` hunted what ? '' 
 shea held her breath , afraid of what he might say . 
 `` beautiful women , little one , and i was the one who found you after all . '' 
 his white teeth gleamed at her , a definite leer . 
 `` do n't put me off like that . '' 
 she had already taken advantage , sliding easily into his mind and picking out the pictures of danger and revulsion . 
 fear even . 
 not so much of their adversary , but of themselves turning into the very thing they sought to destroy . 
 jacques , unprepared for her entrance into his mind , had been confident he could keep the grimmer side of their existence watered down for her . 
 shea had always been reluctant to enter his mind ; it had n't occurred to him that she would do so whenever she wanted . 
 his expression was so rueful that shea burst out laughing . 
 `` where i grew up , that 's called being caught with your pants down . '' 
 he looked down at his body , glistening with the rain . 
 his grin was self-mocking , his black eyes amused . 
 `` literally . '' 
 `` so where is aidan now ? 
 was he killed ? '' 
 jacques ' mind refused to relinquish the information at first . 
 he had to go over and over the pieces to the puzzle , looking for an answer . 
 because it was hurting him , shea rubbed lovingly at his arm . 
 `` do n't try anymore . '' 
 `` the united states . 
 the last i remember , he and his people went to the states to control the vampire problems there . 
 vampires no longer stay here in the mountains where they are easily hunted . 
 if aidan is still alive , or if he has not turned '' - he frowned over the possibility - `` then he must still remain there , far from our land . '' 
 `` what do you mean by his people ? 
 a lifemate ? 
 a child ? '' 
 `` he had no lifemate the last that i knew of him . 
 as he is almost as old as gregori and mikhail , the danger to him has increased . 
 the older the carpathian male , the more difficult he finds it to maintain civility . '' 
 `` then gregori is a risk also . '' 
 shea found herself shivering at the idea . 
 `` gregori is the biggest danger of all , and aidan is not far behind him . 
 yet aidan has a family of sorts . 
 humans , generations that have served him faithfully . 
 he has given them a fortune , yet they choose to stay with him . 
 mother to daughter . 
 father to son . 
 he is the only carpathian i know of that has such a family . '' 
 lightning flashed , and on its heels thunder crashed almost overhead . 
 shea stiffened , the smile fading from her lips and eyes . 
 her open palm went to jacques ' chest , held him away from her . 
 all at once the welcoming forest and wild storm were no longer a sensual playground but a dark and sinister world . 
 shea scrambled to her feet , swiveling around , inspecting the darkened woods . 
 jacques rose with fluid grace , circled her waist with his arm protectively . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 instantly he was scanning the area around them , seeking outside himself to reveal his enemies . 
 he stepped in front of shea to block any threat to her . 
 he found nothing that alarmed him , but shea 's mind held real fear . 
 shea stepped away from him , eyes anxiously sweeping the forest around them . 
 she caught up her shirt , held it protectively against her body . 
 `` the others are far away , '' jacques said , but he moved again to place himself squarely in front of her in an effort to protect her from the unseen enemy . 
 `` there is something out there , jacques , something evil watching us . '' 
 she dragged her shirt over her head quickly . 
 `` i know . 
 i always know . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 jacques waited for her to pull on her jeans before stepping into his own . 
 his every sense was flaring out to the night , searching for anything to prove her right . 
 he could detect nothing , yet her uneasiness was beginning to seep into his blood - i stream . 
 he could feel himself bristle like a wolf ready for attack . 
 `` describe what you feel to me . 
 let me into your mind fully . '' 
 it was an imperious order . 
 shea obeyed without thought . 
 dark , malevolent , something not human , not carpathian , crouched in the storm , watching with red , feral eyes , watching and hating . 
 she had the impression of sharp , dripping fangs and unsheathed claws . 
 not animal . 
 vampire , shea . 
 he is out there now . 
 thewords were a soft whisper in her mind . 
 jacques `` saw '' through her mind , caught the impressions that identified the killer stalking them . 
 you must obey me at once , everything i say . 
 do you understand ? 
 yes , of course . 
 where is he ? 
 i do not know . 
 i can neither smell him nor hear him . 
 but what is in your mind is vampire . 
 as you have never seen one i before and the impressions are so strong in your mind , i can do no other than believe this is real . 
 stay close to me . 
 if he attacks , run . 
 i would never leave you . 
 herchin went up , and she looked mutinous . 
 i 'm perfectly capable of helping you . 
 he would use you to defeat me . 
 i have fought them before . 
 hisbody was crowding hers , urging her back down the trail toward their cabin . 
 he was not looking so much with his eyes as with his entire being . 
 shea moved quickly , tried to concentrate on the strong feeling inside her . 
 whatever was tracking them so silently through the dense forest was exuding a black hatred that made her feel weak . 
 her heart was pounding in alarm . 
 the thing was sinister , so evil and perverted she could feel the heaviness in the clean , rain-soaked air . 
 to their right , a strange fog glowed eerily , streamed through the rain and wound through the trees . 
 it moved forward at knee level coming straight toward them now . 
 shea felt her heart in her throat . 
 she touched jacques ' back for reassurance . 
 he stopped , seemingly relaxed , his muscles coiled and ready , like a panther awaiting its moment . 
 she could feel it in him , his readiness , so still and confident . 
 as the fog grew closer , only several yards away now , the moisture began to stack itself higher and higher , the droplets connecting and forming the shape of a man . 
 shea wanted to scream with fear , but she stayed very still , afraid of distracting jacques . 
 byron 's form shimmered for a moment . 
 she could actually see the tree behind the mist , and then he was solid , standing with the curious elegance of the carpathian male . 
 he lifted his eyes from the ground to meet jacques ' icy-black gaze . 
 `` we have been friends for centuries , jacques . 
 i can not remember a time in my life that we did not run together . 
 it is strange and sad to me that you can look at me and not know me . '' 
 shea , behind jacques , stirred uncomfortably . 
 byron 's sorrow appeared more than he could bear . 
 she wanted to reach out to him , make an attempt to ease his obvious suffering . 
 do not ! 
 the command was sharp in her mind , clear and in a tone that brooked no argument . 
 jacques remained motionless , as if carved from stone . 
 byron 's words did not appear to move him in any way . 
 byron shrugged , his face twisted with pain . 
 `` when we thought you were dead , we searched for your body . 
 months , years even . 
 you were never out of our thoughts . 
 you were my family , jacques , my friend . 
 it was hard to learn to be completely solitary . 
 gregori and mikhail and even aidan survived the centuries because , as alone as they had to be , they had a bond , an anchor to keep them strong through the bleak centuries . 
 you were mine . 
 once you were gone , my struggle became immense . '' 
 when jacques remained silently on guard , shea pushed at his back . 
 can ' t you hear his grief ? 
 he 's reaching out to you . 
 even if you ca n't remember him , help him . 
 you do not know if he has turned or not , jacques reprimanded her . 
 youfelt the presence , and here he is . 
 a vampire can give the illusion of purity , of anything he chooses . 
 stay behind me ! 
 `` i just wanted to tell you i am glad you are back , and i am happy for you that you found your lifemate . 
 it was wrong of me to be envious . 
 i should have been more cautious about judging what i did not understand . '' 
 byron raked a hand through his dark hair . 
 `` i am going away for a while . 
 i must to gain the strength to get through the years . '' 
 jacques nodded slowly . 
 `` i am going to the healer to try to repair the damage done to my mind . 
 i have noticed gregori 's relationship with mikhail seems to be strong even though mikhail has a lifemate . 
 i would wish that if all that you say is true , when i am healed , we can resume our friendship . '' 
 the wild winds were dying down . 
 the rain beat down in a steady drone , and the air seemed heavily oppressed . 
 byron nodded tiredly and managed a wan smile that did not light his eyes . 
 `` i wish the best for you both , and i hope that you have many children . 
 try to make them female for my sake . '' 
 `` when will you return ? '' 
 jacques inquired . 
 `` when i am able . '' 
 byron 's form began to waver , to fade , so that they could see through the transparent shape . 
 jacques ' body crouched lower in readiness , a fluid movement that was barely discernible . 
 instinctively shea moved back to give him more room . 
 it seemed a good idea to err on the side of caution . 
 jacques had never once let down his guard , where shea would have rushed to comfort byron compassionately . 
 she inhaled the night , suddenly depressed . 
 on the wind came the oppressive hatred the forest seemed to reek of . 
 she searched jacques ' impassive face . 
 he did n't seem to notice , his attention on the mist streaming away from him . 
 did he feel it ? 
 if it was n't byron causing it , why had n't byron felt it ? 
 her analytical mind examined the question . 
 she had assumed jacques could n't feel the presence because his mind was so fragmented . 
 `` we will return using a different route , shea . 
 we can not stay in the cabin . '' 
 jacques caught her hand in his and pulled her through the trees . 
 `` it is no longer safe . '' 
 shea had the vague impression of a twisted , malevolent smile . 
 silent laughter , grimly amused . 
 she shook her head to rid herself of the image , afraid she was hallucinating . 
 jacques ? 
 her voice trembled with uncertainty . 
 his fingers tightened around hers . 
 `` there is no need to worry , we will find suitable shelter . 
 i would never allow you to be harmed . '' 
 he drew her hand to the warmth of his mouth with remarkable tenderness . 
 `` you feel the undead one . 
 is it byron ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if it 's byron . 
 i just know it is something very evil . 
 let 's leave this place , go to a city with bright lights and lots of people . '' 
 he tucked her protectively beneath his shoulder and matched his gait to hers . 
 instinctively he knew they would be vulnerable in a city . 
 they were carpathian , not human . 
 he took a deep breath , letting it out slowly to give himself time to search for the right words . 
 `` if a vampire is marking us for his attentions , we will only be placing innocent humans in harm 's way . 
 they have very few defenses against the undead . '' 
 `` he is watching us , jacques . 
 i know you ca n't feel him , but he 's out there . '' 
 jacques believed her . 
 once again he sought the pictures in her mind , heard the eerie sound of taunting laughter echoing in her head . 
 he swore softly . 
 `` when byron found you in the village , are you certain he did not take your blood ? '' 
 `` i would have told you . 
 he bent his head toward mine , i could feel his breath on my neck , and his teeth touched my skin , but i jerked away from him . 
 he barely pierced the skin . '' 
 she reached up and covered the spot where the pinprick had been . 
 `` in any case , he apologized to you . 
 could n't you see his sadness ? 
 it broke my heart . '' 
 his arm tightened for a moment , and he dropped a kiss on the top of her head . 
 `` you are so compassionate , love , and very trusting . 
 a vampire can appear to be the epitome of beauty , of genuineness itself . '' 
 she skipped a little to keep up with his ever-quickening pace . 
 `` i do n't think so , jacques . 
 i recognized beauty in you when you appeared to be a monster . 
 i knew there was something beyond what i could see . 
 i think i would recognize evil just as well . '' 
 `` it was the call of our souls to one another that you recognized . 
 we are lifemates , bound together even when apart . '' 
 `` call it anything you like , but i think i would know if byron were truly the vicious creature i feel watching us . 
 it hates . '' 
 `` only gregori gave you blood . 
 and i. '' `` if i were you , i would not bring up the fact that you forced me to take that spell-casting healer 's blood . '' 
 she twisted away from him , annoyed all over again . 
 `` how could you betray me that way ? '' 
 with great male superiority he glanced down at her face . 
 `` your health comes before your pride . '' 
 the truth was , he was ashamed he had forced such a choice on her , yet he was grateful it was over and she was not nearly as weak as she had been . 
 `` says you . 
 i hope he bled a long time before he closed that wound . 
 and do n't talk to me anymore , because you 're being arrogant , and i ca n't stand you when you 're arrogant . '' 
 she stumbled , her legs already tired . 
 `` if you had done as i said , you would be at full strength , your body healed from its ordeal , '' he pointed out , smug male amusement deliberately in his mind to tease her . 
 she stopped walking so abruptly , his arm jerked her forward . 
 `` do you have any idea where we 're going ? 
 i 'm lost out here . 
 everything is beginning to look the same to me . 
 and stop with that cute little grin you always get in your mind . 
 you think you can get around me with it , but you ca n't . '' 
 he tugged at her arm , his black eyes restless , searching the forest around them . 
 he could still feel the dark malevolence through shea . 
 `` i can always get around you , little red hair , '' he answered tenderly . 
 `` you are not capable of holding a grudge . '' 
 the feeling of hatred was oppressive . 
 jacques ' gentle teasing was comforting , and she was oddly grateful for it . 
 she tucked her fingers into the crook of his arm . 
 `` do n't count on my good nature , jacques . 
 you do remember what they say about people with red hair . '' 
 `` that they are great lovers ? '' 
 she laughed in spite of the waves of black malice washing over her continually . 
 `` you would think that . '' 
 at her laughter , the air thickened around them so that for a moment she was choking on hatred . 
 unable to stand it another minute , not thinking of the consequences , she whirled around to face the murky forest behind them . 
 `` if you want us so badly , you coward , come out into the open and introduce yourself ! '' 
 she tilted her chin at jacques . 
 `` there . 
 he can come or not . 
 i do n't feel like being hunted down like some animal . '' 
 jacques could feel her trembling beside him . 
 it worried him that he had inadvertently forced her into a position of accepting too many new things at one time . 
 his hand cupped the nape of her neck , dragged her close , the black eyes burning down into hers . 
 `` no one will ever harm you . 
 not ever . 
 they may attempt to do so , but they will not survive . '' 
 he took a deep breath before his confession . 
 `` i was not aware that you were not carpathian . 
 i was not capable of knowing much at all at that time . 
 i inadvertently converted you . 
 i would like to say i am sorry , but in truth , i am not . 
 i did not know what i was doing , and i hope i would have done it differently had i known better , but you are my life , shea . 
 there is no existence for me without you . 
 i would have nothing to live for except revenge , and i would become the undead . 
 i do not want to be vampire , preying on humans and carpathians alike . 
 you are my salvation . '' 
 she pushed him away from her . 
 the rain swept over her face as she lifted emerald eyes filled with laughter to his . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 that 's your big apology ? 
 i can see you 're not going to be a candy-and-flowers man . '' 
 she set off quickly . 
 `` do n't talk to me , you uncivilized maniac . 
 i do n't even want to hear the sound of your voice . '' 
 jacques forced back the smile that seemed so ready to curve his hard mouth . 
 shea had a way of making even dangerous situations seem a game where laughter was always close at hand . 
 she managed to find ways to make his madness , the terrible , unforgivable way he had treated her at their first meeting , seem casual , `` can i put my arm around you ? '' 
 even while his eyes scanned , they held a gleam of merriment . 
 `` you 're talking , i said do n't talk to me . '' 
 shea tried sticking her nose in the air , but it felt ridiculous , and she dissolved into undignified giggles . 
 his arm curved around her slender waist and locked her under his shoulder . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i did not mean to speak when you asked me not to . 
 turn here . 
 i 'm going to have to carry you up . '' 
 `` do n't talk . 
 you always get your way when you talk . '' 
 she walked with him a few more yards and stopped , staring up a sheer cliff face that seemed to go up forever . 
 there had been no division between the forest and the rock face to warn her . 
 `` up what ? 
 not that . '' 
 the dark , malevolent feeling had faded away . 
 whoever it was no longer was watching them . 
 she could tell . 
 `` i feel another argument coming on . '' 
 his mocking amusement might not have shown on his face , but she could feel it in her mind . 
 jacques simply lifted her and tossed her over his shoulder . 
 `` no way , you wild man . 
 you are n't tarzan . 
 i do n't like heights . 
 put me down . '' 
 `` close your eyes . 
 who is tarzan ? 
 not another male , i hope . '' 
 the wind rushed over her body , and she could feel them moving fast , so fast the world seemed to blur . 
 she closed her eyes and clutched at him , afraid to do anything else . 
 his laughter was happy and carefree , and it warmed her heart , dispelling any residue of fear she carried . 
 it was a miracle to her that he could laugh , that he was happy . 
 tarzan is the ultimate male . 
 he swings through trees and carries his woman off into the jungle . 
 he patterns himself after me . 
 she nuzzled his back . 
 the passage into the cave was so narrow , shea had to hold her breath to squeeze through . 
 it seemed to go on forever , the rough walls scraping her skin , the oppressive feelings of tons of rock over her head , surrounding her body , waiting to crush her . 
 she could n't look at jacques , who had somehow made his large body thin and weird looking . 
 carpathians were capable of doing things she did n't want to think about . 
 how had she gotten herself into this mess ? 
 sex . 
 a good-looking intense man with black , hungry eyes , and she fell like a lovesick calf . 
 sex . 
 it ruined many otherwise sane women . 
 i can read your thoughts . 
 theamusement was soft and caressing , wrapping her up in strong arms . 
 i was perfectly sane and sensible until i met you . 
 now look at me . 
 i 'm crawling around inside a mountain . 
 suddenly she stopped and held herself perfectly still . 
 i 'm hearing something . 
 tell me you are not taking me into a cave full of bats . 
 say it right now , jacques , or i 'm out of here . 
 i am not taking you into cave filled with bats . 
 shea relaxed visibly . 
 she was not squeamish about very many things , but bats were creatures that were on the earth to remain a safe distance away from her . 
 miles away . 
 bats were one of those things she could stare up at in the night sky and think how interesting and wonderful they were , as long as they stayed high above her and nowhere close . 
 her nose wrinkled . 
 the sounds she was trying to ignore were getting louder . 
 her heart began to pound in alarm . 
 the walls of the passageway were so narrow , she had no way to move fast . 
 all at once she felt trapped , as if she was suffocating . 
 i 'm going back , jacques . 
 i 'm not a cave person . 
 she did her best to sound firm and matter-of-fact , not at all as if she were seconds from screaming her head off . 
 she turned her head cautiously to keep from scraping her face on the jutting surfaces . 
 his fingers circled her wrist like a vise . 
 there must be no disturbance . 
 if any creatures exit the cave or warn others of our existence here , we could be found . 
 a piece of paper could n't fit in here , certainly not a person . 
 no one is going to look far us here . 
 a vampire would know the moment bats flew from the cave . 
 bats ca n't fly out of here if there are n't any in here , now , can they ? 
 shewas sweetly reasonable . 
 trust me , little red hair , it is only a short distance farther . 
 you are n't going to make me sleep in the ground , are you ? 
 because i wo n't do it , not even if there are ten vampires stalking us . 
 vampires can not stand even the dawn , shea . 
 killing his prey does something to the blood . 
 the sun would fry him immediately . 
 he might betray us to the human servants he is in league with if he marked the entrance to this cave . 
 or they might be watching for just such a sign as bats flying unexpectedly into the early sun . 
 you 're telling me there are bats in here . 
 he tugged at her wrist . 
 stop being such a baby . 
 i can control the bats , and they will serve to warn us of any danger . 
 shea made a face but followed him . 
 with every moment jacques ' abilities , his knowledge and power , seemed to be growing . 
 he was confident almost to the point of arrogance . 
 sometimes it grated and made her want to throw something at him , but she was proud of his growing strength . 
 the passage began to widen and slowly move downward , as if they were going into the very bowels of the earth . 
 shea could feel sweat beading on her body and her lungs laboring . 
 she concentrated on breathing , the only thing that would keep her sane . 
 jacques realized she was trembling , her fingers twisting nervously in his . 
 his mind pushed through her natural barrier and found her uneasiness , her ridiculous fear of bats and closed-in places . 
 she was uneasy with the carpathian ability to shape-shift . 
 even his thinness , as he moved through the cave , made her uncomfortable . 
 used to being in control of every situation , she was finding it hard to follow his lead so blindly . 
 i am sorry , little one . 
 i am introducing you to things that seem so perfectly natural to me yet must be confusing and frightening to you . 
 hisvoice was a soft caress , sending warmth curling through her body . 
 just his voice could give her strength . 
 she straightened her shoulders and followed him . 
 there 's a bed in here somewhere , right ? 
 she tried to inject some humor into the moment . 
 the passageway widened enough to allow jacques to resume his true form . 
 he immediately did so , hoping to alleviate shea 's distress . 
 he also sought a comfortable topic for conversation . 
 `` what do you think of raven ? '' 
 `` i thought we had to be quiet . '' 
 shea was looking in every direction for bats . 
 `` the bats know we are here , shea , but there is no need to fear them . 
 i will keep them away from you . '' 
 he spoke calmly as if it was an everyday occurrence to control the movements of bats . 
 his fingers curled around the nape of her neck as much in reassurance as to prevent her from fleeing . 
 his thumb caressed her satin skin , found her pounding pulse , and stroked gently , soothingly . 
 `` raven seems very nice , even if she 's married to another wild man like you . '' 
 she probably has lousy taste , just like me . 
 she tacked the thought on deliberately . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 he tried to sound indignant , to keep her talking , to help her sustain her sense of humor . 
 jacques appreciated her courage and her unfailing determination to keep up her end , no matter how difficult it was on her . 
 `` it means she ca n't have much sense . 
 that man is dangerous , jacques , even if he is your brother . 
 and the healer is positively scary . '' 
 `` did you think so ? '' 
 `` did n't you ? 
 he smiled and talked so gently and calmly , but did you ever look into his eyes ? 
 it 's evident he feels no emotion whatsoever . '' 
 `` he is one of the ancient ones . 
 gregori is the most feared of all carpathians . '' 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 because gregori was far too powerful , his voice alone able to make strong men , carpathian males , do his bidding ? 
 `` he is the most knowledgeable in all the ancient and modern arts . 
 he is the most lethal and the most relentless . 
 he is the hunter of all vampires . '' 
 `` and he 's ancient enough and solitary enough to turn at any moment , right ? 
 makes me feel really secure . 
 and you forced me to drink his blood . 
 that is going to take a long time to forgive . '' 
 she stumbled , not realizing how tired she was . 
 a scream echoed up through the very soil , through the earth 's crust . 
 more felt than actually heard , it struck terror , a frozen , helpless grasp on nerve endings . 
 the sound vibrated through their bodies , through their minds , and passed back into the earth itself . 
 the rocks picked up the scream and echoed it back and forth . 
 jacques went very still , only his icy black eyes moving restlessly . 
 shea clutched at him , horrified . 
 that sound was of a creature in terrible need , in tremendous pain and suffering . 
 without conscious thought she sought outside herself , feeling for the source , trying to fix on the location . 
 `` the betrayer , '' jacques said in a venomous voice , a low sound of hatred and promised retaliation . 
 `` he has another victim in his hands . '' 
 `` how ? 
 you are all so powerful , how can he trap any of your kind ? '' 
 shea tugged at his arm to bring his attention back to her . 
 he seemed a stranger in that moment , a predator every bit as lethal as the wolf , as the vampire . 
 jacques blinked rapidly , searched his mind for the answer . 
 he had been trapped by a betrayer , had n't he ? 
 how that had happened was locked somewhere in his damaged mind . 
 until he could find and repair the fragments , all of his kind were in danger . 
 shea rubbed her hand down his arm . 
 `` this is not your fault . 
 you did n't cause this to happen , jacques . '' 
 `` did you recognize the voice ? '' 
 his tone was completely devoid of expression . 
 `` it sounded like an animal to me . '' 
 `` it was byron . '' 
 shea felt as if he had knocked the breath from her body . 
 `` you ca n't be certain . '' 
 `` it was byron . '' 
 he said it with absolute conviction . 
 `` he came to me to ask for friendship , and i refused him . 
 now the betrayer will turn him over to the human assassins . '' 
 `` why does n't the vampire keep him for himself ? '' 
 she was struggling to understand , her mind already formulating plans . 
 she could not leave byron or anyone else in the hands of butchers , murderers . 
 she had lost a brother she never knew to these madmen . 
 she had nearly lost jacques . 
 `` if he hates all of you enough to want you tortured and killed , why does n't he just do it himself ? '' 
 `` the vampire must seek the earth before the sun rises . 
 unlike us , he can not take even early sunlight . 
 dawn would bring his destruction . 
 it limits his reach . '' 
 `` so he was in the woods watching us , just as i feared , and must have followed byron and somehow trapped him . 
 and he has to turn byron over to the humans before dawn . 
 the humans must be close . '' 
 `` gregori said the very soil groaned under their boots . '' 
 `` so this betrayer can not help the humans as long as the sun is up . '' 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 he said it with conviction . 
 `` but the dawn does not have such an effect on us . 
 we can stand it , jacques . 
 if we move now , we can find them . 
 all we have to do is get byron back and hide him until around five or six this evening when we are strong again . 
 we can do it , i know we can . 
 there are only so many places he could be . 
 we can stand the early-morning sun , and no one will be expecting us . 
 the humans who have him ca n't come into this cave ; they ca n't go into the earth . 
 they have to have shelter somewhere . 
 you know this area , and if you do n't , the others do . 
 let 's get byron back . 
 the vampire might get so angry he 'll quit hiding , make a mistake , and the others can get him . '' 
 she was tugging at his arm , trying to drag him back toward the entrance to the cave . 
 `` i will not expose you to these men . '' 
 `` give it a rest , jacques . 
 i mean it . 
 we 're in this thing together . 
 i hate to brag and put you at an obvious disadvantage , but i can take more of the sun than you . '' 
 his hand caressed the nape of her neck . 
 `` that does n't mean i will allow you to be exposed to danger . '' 
 shea burst out laughing . 
 `` just being with you is dangerous , you idiot . 
 you 're dangerous . '' 
 she shook back her hair , her chin lifting a bit defiantly . 
 `` in any case , i can feel the vampire and you can not . 
 neither , it seems , could byron . 
 maybe the others wo n't be able to either . 
 you need me . '' 
 reluctantly jacques was allowing her to pull him toward the cave entrance . 
 `` why do i never win an argument with you ? 
 i can not allow you to be in danger , yet we are walking into the dawn and facing brutal killers when we are at our lowest strength . 
 in the afternoon , shea , we will be completely vulnerable , at their mercy , at the mercy of the sun . 
 both of us will be . '' 
 `` then we 'll just have to be in a safe place by then . 
 contact the others , jacques , tell them what 's going on . '' 
 `` i think you just want to get out of this cave . 
 you would rather face a vampire and human killers than a few little bats . '' 
 he tugged at her wild mane of hair . 
 she flashed him a grin over her shoulder . 
 `` you 've got that right . 
 and do n't you ever turn into a bat . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` or a rat . '' 
 `` we could get kinky and see how bats and rats make love , '' he suggested in a whisper , warm breath against her neck . 
 `` you are a sick man , jacques . 
 very , very sick . '' 
 the passage was narrowing again , taking her breath . 
 at least jacques was complying , even if he was grousing a bit . 
 jacques separated his mind from his body , thought of gregori , the way he moved , the way he felt when his essence moved through jacques , healing mortal wounds from the inside out . 
 he built the feeling and sent a mental call . 
 hear me , healer . 
 i have need that you hear me . 
 your trouble must be great that you reach out to those you do not trust . 
 the voice was startling clear in his head ; the answer came so quickly that jacques felt a surge of triumph . 
 he was much stronger , so much more capable than he had been even the day before . 
 gregori had given him blood ; it flowed in his veins , pumped through his heart , restored damaged muscle and tissue . 
 he had forgotten how easily one could communicate . 
 iheard byron scream . 
 the betrayer has taken him . 
 he must turn him over to the humans before dawn . 
 dawn approaches now , jacques . 
 gregori sounded calm , undisturbed by even such news as this . 
 then we must find him . 
 do any of you have the ability to track byron ? 
 has he exchanged blood with any of you ? 
 only you made a pact with him . 
 if he turned and was unable to seek the dawn himself he wanted you to hunt him , and vice versa . 
 you did not want your brother or me to have the responsibility for your destruction . 
 i can not find the path for him . 
 jacques could not keep the frustration and self-loathing out of his voice . 
 you are certain this scream was byron 's ? 
 without a doubt . 
 we had been talking together only minutes earlier . 
 shea became distressed , she said someone was watching us . 
 i could detect no one , and byron showed no uneasiness . 
 jacques and shea were moving through the narrowing rock passage upward toward the entrance . 
 jacques felt the normal restlessness of his kind at the approaching light . 
 we will do our best to seek him as long as we are able . 
 mikhail 's woman can sometimes track those we can not . 
 she is very gifted . 
 we will meet you at the cabin . 
 do you both have dark glasses and protective clothing ? 
 shea does , and i can fashion mine easily enough . 
 she is still too weak to attempt shape-shifting , and she will not go to ground . 
 nor will i. jacques heard the echo of gregori 's derision . 
 women were to be protected from their own foolish desire to be in the thick of conflict . 
 when you find your lifemate , healer , your own clear thinking perhaps will cloud , jacques defended himself . 
 the dawn was streaking across the sky , pressing through the clouds . 
 rain was still coming down in sheets , and winds were whistling fiercely through the trees below them . 
 in the opening to the cave they were sheltered , but once they moved away from the cliff face , they would be hit with the full force of the elements . 
 jacques leaned close to shea 's ear . 
 `` the storm will lessen the effects of the sun on us . 
 i can feel the healer 's touch in this squall . '' 
 `` there is no sun . 
 will the vampire be able to be out in this ? '' 
 jacques shook his head . 
 `` he can not see the dawn , not even through the cover of clouds . 
 we often use weather such as this to move in the early and late part of the day . 
 it allows us to blend better with humans , and our eyes and skin take less punishment . '' 
 he felt her shiver and immediately swept her beneath his shoulder . 
 the weather did n't bother him ; any carpathian could regulate body temperature easily . 
 shea had so much to learn , and she needed to overcome her aversion to feeding to gain her full strength . 
 `` the healer is right , you know . 
 this is far too dangerous to allow you to do . 
 i do not know what i was thinking . '' 
 `` the healer can mind his own business . '' 
 shea sent jacques a haughty , over-the-shoulder glare . 
 `` the healer may be an intelligent miracle-worker , but he does not know the first thing about women . 
 do n't make the mistake of listening to him in that particular department . 
 even with your memory lost , you know far more than that idiot . '' 
 jacques found himself laughing again . 
 his mouth brushed the nape of her neck , sent a shiver rushing the length of her spine . 
 `` how easily you get around me . '' 
 he could n't help the surge of possessive triumph sweeping through him . 
 shea might admire the healer for his abilities , might even wish to learn from him , but his attitude definitely grated on her independent nature . 
 jacques found he was particularly fond of that independent streak in her . 
 `` you 're a mere man , what do you expect ? '' 
 she asked straight-faced . 
 `` i , however , am a brilliant surgeon and a woman of many talents . '' 
 `` the bats are beginning to get very nervous . 
 i am not certain i can keep them from charging us , '' he teased wickedly . 
 an involuntary shiver ran through her , but she simply tugged at his hand , assuring herself he was close , and returned to the matter before them . 
 `` think of where we can take byron when we find him . '' 
 `` the cabin is too dangerous . 
 it will have to be a cave or the ground itself . 
 we can turn him over to the healer and find a safe place to rest , perhaps make it back here . '' 
 `` that thrills me , it truly does . '' 
 `` where did you learn to be so sarcastic ? '' 
 jacques meant the question to be teasing , but a bitter smile curved her soft mouth , and her eyes reflected pain . 
 `` you learn fast to protect yourself when you 're different , when you do n't dare bring a classmate home because your mother forgets you exist , forgets the world exists . 
 sometimes she stood at the window for days , literally days . 
 she would n't even acknowledge me . '' 
 she stopped . 
 `` could i be like her , jacques ? 
 because i 'm with you , could i be like her ? '' 
 `` not in the same way , '' he answered as honestly as could . 
 `` some things are so fragmented in my mind , i have to piece together information . 
 i do know most lifemates choose to live or die together . 
 but if a child was in need , the lifemate remaining would see to its well-being , emotionally as well as physically . '' 
 he did not tell her of those children given to other couples to raise because the remaining lifemate could not face existence without the partner . 
 they knew the child would be well looked after , well loved , because most carpathian women miscarried or lost their newborns within the first year of life . 
 `` and i know you , shea . 
 no matter how difficult something is on you , you always see it through . 
 you would not abandon our child the way your mother did you . 
 our child would be loved and guided every moment of its life . 
 i know that absolutely . '' 
 she caught his arm , preventing him from stepping out into the rain . 
 `` promise me , if we have a child together and something happens to me , you will stay and raise it yourself . 
 love it and guide it as someone should have me . 
 promise me , jacques . '' 
 `` a carpathian child is protected and loved above all things . 
 we do not mistreat children . '' 
 `` that is not what i asked of you . '' 
 he closed his eyes tightly for a moment , unable to lie to her . 
 he had been alone too long . 
 he would never want to remain without her . 
 `` lifemates happen to us only once , little red hair . '' 
 `` our child , jacques . 
 if it should happen , i do n't want a stranger raising it . '' 
 `` sometimes , shea , another couple , one hungering for a child , is a better choice than a remaining , grief-stricken lifemate . '' 
 her swift indrawn breath , the slam of a mind block so strong it was frightening , made him realize this was no small matter to her . 
 `` did it never occur to you people that the child might also be grieving ? 
 that a parent to comfort it and see it through such a time would be of more value . 
 this need you have to choose death when there is a child or other family members left behind is selfish and morbid . '' 
 `` you persist in judging us by human standards , '' he said gently . 
 `` you have no idea what our bond entails . '' 
 his strong fingers laced through hers , and he turned her knuckles up to brush the warmth of his mouth along her soft skin . 
 `` perhaps we should save this discussion for a more appropriate time , when we are safe and we know byron is also . '' 
 her eyes refused to meet his . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're right , jacques . '' 
 tears burned , and shea chose to attribute them to her sensitivity to the dawn , not to their conversation . 
 she followed jacques down to the timberline without a murmur , carefully keeping a strong block up so that he could not read her mind . 
 she could understand why he felt he would have to choose death should something happen to her . 
 he had been too long alone and could not face life without his anchor . 
 maybe he was right ; maybe he would be too dangerous to the world . 
 but if she had to accept that , she knew that there could be no children in their future together . 
 eternity was a long time to live with such knowledge . 
 but she could not bring a child into the world , given how jacques felt . 
 she would never take such a risk . 
 shea bit her lip , stumbled a little in weariness . 
 automatically she grabbed at jacques ' waistband for support . 
 for one moment she 'd thought she had a chance at a normal life , perhaps not normal as others knew it , but with a family structure , a child and husband . 
 do not , shea . 
 i do not have the time now to comfort you properly , to allay your fears . 
 leave this . 
 startled that he had penetrated her block , she looked up at his face , so mesmerizing , so handsome and seductive , yet ravaged by torment no human could imagine . 
 his eyes , unprotected by the dark glasses he held in his hand , moved over her face . 
 she could see love there , and possession , a dark promise for all eternity . 
 his fingers brushed her chin , sending a dancing flame spiraling along her spine . 
 his thumb touched her bottom lip , and a shiver of sexual awareness curled in the pit of her stomach . 
 you belong with me . 
 shea , two halves of the same whole . 
 you are the light to my darkness . 
 i may be twisted , even mad , but i know in my heart , in my very soul , that i can not exist without you . 
 his mouth brushed her eyelids gently . 
 `` i am not easy to kill , red hair , and i do not surrender what is mine . 
 lying in torment these years has given me a strength of will not easily matched . '' 
 she rubbed her face along his side , wanting to burrow close for comfort . 
 `` we are so far apart , jacques , in every way we think . 
 it 's easy to say in the heat of passion that everything will be fine , but living together may be extremely difficult . 
 we 're so different . '' 
 his arm circled her waist , urging her forward into the comparative shelter of the trees . 
 rain was slashing down , soaking them . 
 clouds , dark and massive , swirled above them . 
 but he could feel the first pinpricks of the sun as it began to climb above the clouds . 
 the early morning light always made him uneasy , always made him aware of his own terrible vulnerability . 
 replacing his dark glasses , he pushed forward with quick , long strides . 
 if only she had taken nourishment from the healer , they could shape-shift and be at the cabin in an instant . 
 jacques knew she had thought her mind block sufficient to keep him out , but he never was able to quite let go of her . 
 some part of him always dwelled in her mind , quiet , like a faint shadow , but there all the same . 
 she had always dreamed of having a child , to give it the love she 'd never had . 
 now she felt there was no hope of such a thing . 
 the question of the child had been very important to her , but lifemates could not lie to one another , could not cheat on one another . 
 he could only pray he would choose death instantly , without a qualm , without a doubt , if something happened to shea . 
 otherwise he feared he would become the monster lurking inside him , so close to the surface , a monster the world of humans and carpathians alike had never known . 
 there was something very wrong with him , and only shea stood between that something and the rest of the world . 
 there was no way for her to break their bond . 
 he knew that with his every instinct , and it brought him a measure of com fort . 
 the rage , always so close , so deadly , was leashed and under control for the time being . 
 as long as shea was with him . 
 but now he had to find byron ; he owed the carpathian that much . 
 the drive in him to do so was strong , almost overwhelming , as if some part of him , not his mind but something deep within him , remembered their shared friendship . 
 he should have placed shea in a trance and demanded that she sleep while he did this thing , but the truth was , he simply could n't bear their separation , and he wanted her close , where he could protect her . 
 and he wanted her happy . 
 women ! 
 shea heard his disgruntled complaint clearly in her mind . 
 a small smile tugged at the corners of her reluctant mouth . 
 `` am i complicating your life , jacques ? '' 
 she asked sweetly , hopefully . 
 he stopped so abruptly that she was jerked to a halt . 
 jacques caught her wet hair in his fist and pulled her head back so that the rain ran along her soft skin like honey . 
 `` the truth is , shea , you make me feel so much , i do not know if i can stand it sometimes . '' 
 his mouth found hers almost blindly , desperately , feeding voraciously as if he might devour her , take her into his body forever . 
 nothing can ever happen to you ! 
 his hands were biting into her skin , his body taut with tension , his mind a whirling confusion of fear and determination and so much hunger . 
 almost without thought shea reacted instinctively , her slender arms circling his neck , her body soft and pliant against the aggression in his , her mind calm and loving , a warm , safe haven for his fragmented , tortured mind . 
 she kissed him without reservation , pouring every ounce of love and support she could into her response . 
 he lifted his head reluctantly and rested his forehead on hers . 
 `` nothing is going to happen to me , jacques . 
 i think you 're having anxiety attacks . '' 
 she tousled his hair as if he were a small boy , gave him a teasing grin . 
 `` do carpathians have shrinks , too ? '' 
 he laughed softly , astonished that he could do so when he had been so terrified only moments earlier . 
 `` you are as disrespectful as a woman can get . '' 
 `` i 'm not just any woman , silly , i 'm a doctor and terribly brilliant . 
 everyone says so . '' 
 `` do they now ? '' 
 he held her tight against his hard frame , thinking to take her into his very body , his arms protectively sheltering her . 
 `` is this going to be too much for you , jacques ? 
 facing those horrible butchers again ? 
 are you certain you can do this ? '' 
 he raised his head so that she could n't see the wolfish smile that did n't reach his ice-black eyes . 
 `` i am looking forward to renewing our acquaintance . '' 
 raven stood in the comparative shelter of the porch , her face turned up toward the sky , eyes closed . 
 tiny beads of perspiration dotted her forehead , and her fingers twisted together compulsively over her stomach . 
 she was not with the others , rather somewhere out of her body and concentrating on attempting to find byron 's location . 
 beside her stood her dark , intimidating husband , his mind obviously locked with hers . 
 mikhail was so like jacques that shea could not tear her gaze from him . 
 as she moved onto the porch a step behind jacques , she could clearly see that mikhail was furious . 
 he was seething with anger , violence swirling very close to the surface , yet his posture was purely protective . 
 he had placed himself between raven and the ferocity of the storm . 
 gregori was as still as a statue , his face a blank mask , his silver eyes as empty as death , yet shea gave him a wide berth . 
 there was something dangerous in his utter stillness . 
 shea felt she had no way to sorting out the complexity of the carpathian male 's nature . 
 gregori was watching raven through narrowed , restless eyes , eyes that saw far too much . 
 suddenly he cursed , low and vicious , startling from someone of his stature and power . 
 `` she should not put herself at risk . 
 she is with child . '' 
 his eyes met jacques ' , silver lightning and black ice . 
 total understanding between the two men . 
 shea merged her mind with jacques ' quickly to try to understand the hidden currents . 
 raven 's pregnancy , if she was pregnant , changed everything as far as the men were concerned . 
 shea could see no evidence of a child - raven appeared as slim as ever - but she could n't believe the healer would be wrong . 
 he seemed so infallible , so completely invincible . 
 the child was everything , all-important to the men . 
 it surprised , even shocked her , the way they regarded the pregnancy . 
 it was a miracle to both of them . 
 the baby was more important than any of their lives . 
 shea was confused . 
 despite jacques ' fractured memories , his protective streak was extremely strong . 
 `` he 's aware of his surroundings , but he ca n't move . 
 even his mind is locked and still . 
 he is paralyzed somehow . '' 
 raven 's voice startled shea , brought her back to the stormy weather and their rescue mission . 
 raven was clearly speaking of byron . 
 `` he ca n't move or call out , not even mentally . 
 it is dark and damp , and he knows he will suffer greatly before they are done with him . '' 
 raven swayed , her hands protectively covering her stomach . 
 the healer moved , a blur of speed , catching her arm and wrenching her out into the driving rain . 
 gregori snagged mikhail 's shirt , too , and yanked him into the fury of the storm . 
 `` break off now , raven , '' gregori commanded . 
 he shook her , shook mikhail . 
 `` let go of him now ! '' 
 jacques leapt forward , grabbed his brother , and hit his face , once , twice . 
 `` come back ! '' 
 it was a hoarse cry . 
 shea bit her lip , suddenly terrified . 
 the couple seemed somehow bound , caught in the vampire 's trap with byron . 
 gregori pulled raven farther into the driving rain . 
 jacques pushed mikhail after them . 
 it was mikhail who recovered first . 
 he blinked at his brother , looked around him as if unaware where he was . 
 then , instinctively , he reached for raven . 
 `` bring her back , mikhail . 
 go after her . 
 guide her back . 
 this is too dangerous for her . 
 even with my connection to her , she is trapped , '' gregori said . 
 `` we are dealing with more than just any vampire . 
 this one is skilled in the black arts and the use of herbs and power stones . 
 i know what he has done and how he is doing it . '' 
 mikhail pulled raven tightly against him , his black eyes hard with mental strain . 
 raven blinked , looked around her , seemed surprised to find herself in the rain . 
 her hand went to her temple in a gesture of pain . 
 `` stop staring at me . 
 i feel like some kind of freak show . '' 
 she sounded hurt , hid her face on mikhail 's chest . 
 his arms circled her , drew her into the shelter of his body , his head bent lovingly toward hers . 
 it was such an intimate gesture , shea had to turn away . 
 to her dismay , she found the healer studying her . 
 shea moved closer to jacques , unconsciously seeking protection from the scrutiny . 
 `` you need nourishment . '' 
 the healer spoke gently . 
 `` when i 'm hungry , i 'll eat , '' shea told him haughtily . 
 `` you do n't need to worry about all of us . 
 i know how to care for myself . '' 
 the silvery eyes slashed through the lie . 
 `` your hunger radiates from you , and your weakness could place all of us in jeopardy . '' 
 he turned his powerful stare on raven . 
 raven squirmed visibly . 
 `` oh , shut up , gregori , '' she snapped , her blue eyes flashing fire at him . 
 a faint smile curved his mouth , failing to light his eyes . 
 `` i did not speak . '' 
 `` you spoke volumes , and you know it . '' 
 her chin went up belligerently . 
 `` your male sense of superiority is enough to make a woman want to scream . 
 honestly , gregori , all that cold logic makes a person crazy . '' 
 she allowed mikhail to lead her onto the porch . 
 `` logic works , unlike emotional women , '' gregori returned unruffled . 
 `` your first duty is to protect your child . 
 our first duty must be to protect you . '' 
 his silver gaze clearly censured mikhail . 
 `` you do n't know for sure if i 'm pregnant . '' 
 `` do not play games , raven . 
 sometimes your rebellious ways grow tedious . 
 i know you are with child . 
 you can not hide such a thing from me . 
 mikhail knows it to be true , and he knows he can not allow your dangerous involvement in this mission to continue with you in such a condition . '' 
 raven flung out her ebony hair . 
 `` no one allows me to do anything . 
 i decide . 
 i was born and raised human , gregori , '' she pointed out . 
 `` i can only be myself . 
 byron is my friend , and he is in desperate trouble . 
 i intend to help him . '' 
 `` if your lifemate is so enthralled with you that he would allow you such foolishness , '' gregori replied softly , menacingly , `` then i can do no other than protect you myself . '' 
 `` do n't you talk about mikhail like that ! '' 
 raven was furious . 
 you really know how to stir up the hornets ' nest with the women , do you not ? 
 mikhail demanded , even though he understood gregori completely and felt him justified . 
 gregori did not look at him but stared out into the storm . 
 the child she carries is my lifemate . 
 it is female and belongs to me . 
 there was an unmistakable warning note , an actual threat . 
 in all their centuries together , such a thing had never happened . 
 mikhail immediately closed his mind to raven . 
 she could never hope to understand how gregori felt . 
 without a lifemate , the healer had no choice but to eventually destroy himself or become the very epitome of evil . 
 the vampire . 
 the walking dead . 
 gregori had spent endless centuries waiting for his lifemate , holding on when those younger than he had given in . 
 gregori had defended their people , lived a solitary existence so that he might keep their race safe . 
 he was far more alone than the others of his kind , and far more susceptible to the call of power as he had to hunt and kill often . 
 mikhail could not blame his oldest friend for his possessive , protective streak toward the unborn child . 
 he spoke calmly and firmly , hoping to avoid a confrontation . 
 gregori had held on for so long , this promise of a lifemate could send him careening over the edge into the dark madness if he felt there was a danger to the female child . 
 raven is not like carpathian woman . 
 you have always known and accepted that . 
 she will not remain in seclusion during this time . 
 she would wither and die . 
 gregori actually snarled , a menacing rumble that froze shea in place , put jacques into a crouch , and had mikhail shifting position for a better defense . 
 raven pushed past mikhail 's strong body and fearlessly laid a hand on the healer 's arm . 
 everyone else might think gregori could turn at any moment , but he had held on for centuries , and she believed implicitly that he would no more hurt her than he would her child . 
 `` gregori , do n't be angry with mikhail . '' 
 her voice was soft and gentle . 
 `` his first duty to me is to see to my happiness . '' 
 `` it is to see to your protection . '' 
 gregori 's voice was a blend of heat and light . 
 `` in a way it 's the same thing . 
 do n't blame him for having to make adjustments for what you consider my shortcomings . 
 it has n't been easy for him , or for me , for that matter . 
 we could have waited to conceive until i 'd had time to become more familiar with carpathian ways , but that would have taken more time than you have . 
 you 're far more than a close friend to us - you 're family , a part of our hearts . 
 we were n't willing to risk losing you . 
 so we both pray this child is a female and that she grows to love and cherish you as we do , that this is the one who will be your other half . '' 
 gregori stirred as if to say something . 
 do not say anything ! 
 mikhailhissed in the healer 's head . 
 shebelieves the child will have a choice . 
 gregori bowed his head mentally to mikhail . 
 if mikhail chose to allow his wife the comforting if false thought that the female child would have a choice in such a matter , then so be it . 
 shea was astonished that a man so powerful , obviously such a leader as mikhail , could calmly allow another man to snarl at him and rebuke him as gregori had . 
 she was beginning to suspect that jacques ' brother was a man of strong character , and the love and emotion apparent in both him and raven brought tears to her eyes . 
 this was jacques ' family , his legacy , and there was real love , real affection , among them , making them capable of great sacrifice . 
 she slipped her hand into jacques ' and clung to him , feeling she had something in common with raven . 
 raven 's blue eyes were steady on gregori . 
 `` if you wish to examine me to determine the sex of the child , you may do so . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` but as you wish me to accept you for yourself , for your predatory nature , you must accept me as i am . 
 my heart and soul may be carpathian , but my mind is human . 
 i will not be put on a shelf somewhere because you or my husband deems it necessary . 
 human women moved out of the dark ages a long time ago . 
 my place is with mikhail , and i must make my own decisions . 
 if you feel the need to add your protection to mikhail 's , i will be most grateful . '' 
 there was a long silence , and the red glow faded slowly from the slashing silver eyes . 
 gregori shook his head slowly , with infinite weariness . 
 this woman was so different from his kind . 
 reckless . 
 compassionate . 
 unaware of every taboo she broke . 
 his hand went to her stomach , fingers splayed . 
 he focused , aimed , sent himself out of his body . 
 his breath caught in his throat , and his heart seemed to melt . 
 deliberately he moved to surround the tiny being , merging his light and will for a heartbeat of time . 
 he was taking no chances . 
 this was his lifemate ; he would ensure it with every means at his disposal , from blood bonding to mental sharing . 
 no one was as powerful as he . 
 this female child was his and his alone . 
 he could hang on until she came of age . 
 `` we did it , did n't we ? '' 
 raven said softly , bringing gregori back to his own body . 
 `` she 's a girl . '' 
 gregori stepped away from raven , holding on to his composure with his great strength of will . 
 `` few carpathian women carry to full term . 
 the child rarely survives the first year of life . 
 do not be so certain we are out of the woods . 
 you must rest and be cared for . 
 the child comes first . 
 byron would say so also . 
 mikhail must take you far from this place , away from the vampire and the assassins . 
 i will hunt and rid our people of the danger while your mate looks after you . '' 
 gregori 's voice was low and pitched in silver tones , tones of light that beckoned and danced . 
 nearly impossible to resist . 
 so calm and soothing and reasonable . 
 raven actually had to shake off the compulsion to do as he wished . 
 she glared at him . 
 `` do n't even try that with me , gregori . '' 
 she included mikhail in her stare . 
 `` and you , you big lunk , you would have gone along with him like the tree-swinging macho man you are . 
 watch these guys , shea , they 're impossible . 
 they 'll do anything to get their way . '' 
 shea found herself smiling . 
 `` so i 've noticed . '' 
 it was reassuring to see that raven had learned to hold her own with the men . 
 shea was every bit as strong . 
 `` i ca n't leave byron out there to suffer the same fate as jacques , '' raven insisted stubbornly . 
 she looked beyond gregori to shea for support . 
 `` we ca n't . '' 
 shea had seen firsthand what the human butchers were capable of , and she could no more leave byron to such a fate than she could walk away from jacques . 
 she nodded in agreement . 
 `` once we have byron 's location , you men can go after him . 
 i 'll stay with raven , and we 'll wait for you here . 
 the vampire ca n't come out with the sun up , and we have guns if the humans show up . '' 
 `` in any case , mikhail , you know you could protect us from humans , even from a distance , '' raven reminded him . 
 `` shea is right , healer . '' 
 jacques suddenly threw his support to the women . 
 he owed byron . 
 he could not allow anyone to suffer as he had . 
 he glanced at gregori . 
 `` you knew raven and mikhail were in trouble when their minds were connected to byron 's . 
 what is it ? 
 how does the vampire trap us ? '' 
 `` he ensnared raven and me through byron , a monumental feat , '' mikhail admitted . 
 then he rubbed his jaw ruefully . 
 `` is it possible , little brother , you enjoyed hitting me just a bit too much ? '' 
 jacques ' teeth gleamed white in the semblance of a smile . 
 he could not help but admire mikhail 's coolness in the midst of a threat as lethal as the healer 's and the vampire 's combined . 
 to be able to joke , to put aside the ego of the carpathian male , was nothing short of a miracle . 
 fragments of memory rushed over him , memories of greatness , of a powerful being dedicated to the preservation of their people . 
 his arms crept around shea , his anchor to reality , his bridge from his lost past to the present . 
 shea responded at once , so in tune with him she needed no second hint . 
 she leaned into him immediately , flooding his mind with warmth and soothing comfort . 
 `` there is a root , '' gregori explained . 
 `` one can grind it into a fine powder , mix it with two types of berries and sage . 
 it is boiled until it becomes thick , all liquid evaporated , and the remaining gel is then mixed with the venom from a tree toad . 
 i am positive the vampire is using it . 
 the recipe is an ancient one and lost to all but those of us who studied alchemy and black magic . 
 i know of only two others besides me who would have this knowledge . '' 
 `` aidan , '' mikhail said softly . 
 `` or julian . '' 
 `` it can not be , '' gregori denied . 
 `` i would feel their presence in our land . 
 even changed , i would know either of them . '' 
 `` what exactly does this drug do ? '' 
 shea asked . 
 the identity of the vampire seemed secondary ; she was far more intrigued with the results of such a mixture as gregori described . 
 she had studied plants and herbs extensively . 
 common ones like foxglove and rhododendrons could produce paralysis . 
 she knew , too , that toad venom of itself could be lethal . 
 certain tribes in various parts of the world had discovered its properties and used it to tip their darts , spears , and arrows . 
 somehow the blend of root and berries and toxin must paralyze the nervous system , even affect the mind . 
 `` how is it administered ? '' 
 `` it has to be in the bloodstream , '' gregori said . 
 `` who could get close enough to inject a carpathian ? 
 even a vampire cunning enough to disguise his true self would not have the strength to overcome someone of jacques ' stature . 
 it is inconceivable . '' 
 mikhail said . 
 `` jacques was a hunter , a dispenser of justice . 
 at the time the murders were decimating our people , he would have been doubly cautious . '' 
 `` the vampire tricked him . 
 it is the usual weapon of a deceiver , is it not ? '' 
 gregori informed them calmly . 
 `` dawn is here . 
 we must hurry . '' 
 the rain beat down into the silence ; the wind shook the trees . 
 jacques stared sightlessly into the forest . 
 fragments of memory teased and whispered at him . 
 `` blood . 
 so much blood . '' 
 the words came out of their own accord . 
 his fingertips stroked absently over his neck , a frown creasing his forehead . 
 `` it was a hunter 's trap , a crude , nearly invisible wire . 
 it cut my throat . '' 
 nobody moved or spoke , not wanting to break jacques ' concentration . 
 shea found herself holding her breath . 
 memory was so important to jacques , and right now it might save byron 's life . 
 she could feel the pain splintering through his mind , felt him blocking it out , focusing his will to remember . 
 he rubbed his thumb back and forth across an eyebrow , then frowned slightly . 
 `` i was weak . 
 he came then , offered his blood . 
 i did not want to offend him , but i was reluctant . 
 he was ... he disturbed me . '' 
 jacques broke off , gripping his temples hard with his fingertips . 
 `` i can not see him . '' 
 he looked at shea with desperate , anguished eyes . 
 `` i do not know who he is . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around him both mentally and physically , hating the worn , tortured lines etched into his beautiful face . 
 two days ago you could barely stand , could not remember anything . 
 this is a miracle , jacques . 
 what you 've accomplished is a miracle . 
 she tried to reassure him , reading accurately that he loathed the fact that he could not eke out another detail . 
 `` it is enough to piece it together , '' gregori said , his voice a soothing balm . 
 he touched his fingertips to jacques ' temples , inhaled slowly , and focused , sending himself outside his body . 
 shea could actually feel the pain melting away , leaving jacques whole and calm . 
 the healer 's power was extraordinary . 
 she wanted it , felt it moving within her , rising to follow where the healer 's light led . 
 gregori 's voice broke the spell . 
 `` you must have accepted his offer . 
 the poison was in the betrayer 's blood . '' 
 `` what prevents the betrayer from being paralyzed ? '' 
 mikhail hissed it , a venomous sound that sent a shiver through shea . 
 there was something very lethal about all these men , something far different from their human counterparts . 
 they accepted violence as easily as the animals in the surrounding forest did . 
 they were predators . 
 it was in the way they moved , in the way they held themselves , in their very thoughts . 
 gregori made a slow circle of the porch . 
 shea found it interesting that all three men had positioned their bodies between the dawn and the women . 
 `` there are ways , but we have no time for such a discussion , for we must act now if we are to do this . 
 raven , while you were connected to byron , could you get a sense of direction , anything at all ? '' 
 `` he was not alone . 
 he was somewhere underground , a cave maybe . 
 it was damp , musty . 
 he was not so very far from us . '' 
 raven looked up at mikhail with sad eyes , afraid she had not come up with the information they needed to find the carpathian in time . 
 one day in the company of the two human butchers and byron was surely going to die a hideous death . 
 mikhail laced his fingers through hers , brought her knuckles to the warmth of his mouth in understanding and unity . 
 `` the cellar , jacques , '' shea suddenly said , excited . 
 `` they took him to the cellar . 
 they ca n't know this land very well , and they would go where they had already been successful . 
 i know what they 're like , very arrogant , particularly the one called don wallace . 
 it would be just like him to use the same place , thinking he was thumbing his nose at all of you . '' 
 `` it would be damp and musty all right , but they would find jacques ' coffin gone . 
 they would know the place had been disturbed recently , '' mikhail argued thoughtfully . 
 `` true , but would n't the vampire tell them jacques is alive ? 
 he saw jacques and me in the forest earlier with byron , '' shea said . 
 `` they would feel safe because you 're all supposed to be under cover during the day , i 'm telling you , this is exactly the kind of thing a man like wallace would do . 
 he believes you 're all vampires and ca n't move in the daylight hours . '' 
 `` this wallace , '' mikhail said softly , `` he is the nephew of eugene slovensky , enemy to all carpathians . 
 we have met briefly before . 
 i believe the young lady is correct . 
 he believes he is smarter and more cunning than we . '' 
 `` aidan would have done our race a huge service had he killed him when he had the opportunity , '' gregori observed . 
 `` we were hard-pressed that night , with mikhail injured and raven in the hands of madmen . '' 
 `` maybe this aidan had already turned ? '' 
 shea speculated . 
 gregori shook his head slowly . 
 `` he had not turned then , nor has he turned now . 
 he is powerful , such as mikhail and i . 
 the world would know if one of our stature had become the most feared creature of all . 
 no , it is not aidan . 
 in any case , he has a twin brother , one even more powerful , who would know instantly had aidan turned . '' 
 gregori 's voice was low and smooth , filled with certainty . 
 shea shook her head to rid herself of the hypnotic effect . 
 gregori 's power frightened her . 
 his voice alone could do just about anything , produce any reaction in any of them . 
 no one should have that kind of power . 
 `` so why can we not detect the vampire when he is near ? '' 
 mikhail asked no one in particular . 
 `` i have scanned the area and can detect none of our kind , not even byron . '' 
 `` shea was able to detect the vampire when i could not , '' jacques said . 
 `` i was not certain i believed her at first , but i could feel as she did when we merged . '' 
 shea lifted her chin in challenge . 
 `` do you think you can explain how all this was done , healer ? 
 how anyone could have done it ? '' 
 gregori turned the full power of his magnetic silver eyes on her . 
 `` i can make the earth shake beneath your feet and bring lightning from the sky to do my bidding . 
 i can close off your airway with a thought . 
 i am all things from a mouse to a wolf running free . 
 is this not enough for you to believe ? '' 
 he inquired softly . 
 his voice was a black-magic weapon . 
 that was what shea believed . 
 she shivered and moved closer to jacques . 
 they all trusted gregori , yet was n't he one of the ancients ? 
 they had all told her a vampire could hide itself , appear normal . 
 none of them even suspected him . 
 it was agreed he was the most dangerous , his knowledge acquired unceasingly through the centuries . 
 and he was their healer , had given blood to all of them . 
 her brain worked at the pieces of the puzzle . 
 it is impossible . 
 jacques caught her thoughts . 
 why ? 
 shea demanded . 
 mikhail would know . 
 i do not know how i know this , but gregori could not hide this from mikhail . 
 she gave an exasperated little sigh . 
 jacques hid his grin at her feminine petulance . 
 she really had an aversion to the way gregori dictated to the women . 
 `` there is one human a few miles away , '' mikhail stated . 
 `` i can detect no others . 
 he is in the direction of jacques ' old home . 
 do we go ? '' 
 light was streaking the sky now , gray patches despite the dark , roiling clouds and the steady drizzle of rain . 
 `` go , mikhail , '' raven insisted softly . 
 `` you have to . 
 otherwise i would always feel i killed him . 
 if you do not go , it will be because of me . '' 
 `` you have to , '' shea added , looking into jacques ' black eyes . 
 he did , too ; shea felt it with great conviction . 
 there would come a time when jacques would remember his childhood , his great friendship with byron , and how he had backed away from byron 's attempt at reconciliation . 
 he needed to do this for the sake of his own sanity . 
 i know . 
 hisreply was a soft assent in her mind as he shared her thoughts . 
 `` i will go , mikhail , '' he said aloud . 
 `` you stay and protect the women . 
 it is the only way . '' 
 `` it could very well be a trap , '' gregori cautioned . 
 `` more than likely it is a trap . 
 otherwise this would be very careless on the part of one so cunning . '' 
 `` that 's why all of you should go , '' raven said . 
 `` shea and i will wait here . 
 we can destroy all evidence of her research while we wait . '' 
 shea could not prevent the gasp that escaped her . 
 she lifted her chin defiantly . 
 she was not going to be intimidated by these powerful creatures . 
 her eyes flashed from one to the other . 
 `` i spent several years of my life gathering that data , '' she said hotly . 
 raven caught her hand and squeezed it in warning . 
 she tugged shea away from jacques and right up to the door of the cabin . 
 `` all right , shea , we 'll talk about it . '' 
 `` you are to leave this place and go to safety if the hour becomes too late or you receive warning from us , '' mikhail cautioned his lifemate . 
 `` no playing the heroine . 
 on this i will have your word . '' 
 raven smiled into his eyes , an intimate , tender acknowledgment . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i would never endanger our child , my love . '' 
 mikhail reached out and touched raven 's face , trailing his fingertips tenderly down her skin even as his form wavered , contorted , began to snap and pop . 
 fur shimmered along his arms , his back . 
 his powerful frame bent , and he leapt away , landed running , a large black wolf . 
 shea 's eyes widened , astonished at the quick change . 
 seeing the man become a wolf was incredible . 
 her heart was slamming so loudly she was afraid it might burst . 
 she was uncertain whether it was from excitement and awe or from sheer terror . 
 jacques ! 
 it is all right , my love . 
 tocalm her he leaned close , brushed her forehead with his mouth . 
 it is the way of our people to utilize the animals around us . 
 it is natural for us . 
 and it helps to protect our skin and eyes from the sun . 
 i 'm fine now , wild man . 
 it was a shock . 
 shea breathed deeply to overcome her trembling . 
 she found she was clinging to raven 's hand and self-consciously dropped it . 
 jacques dropped another kiss on her forehead before he deliberately walked off the porch and into the dense forest , making sure he was out of her sight before his body began to change . 
 gregori 's silver eyes moved over both women , then settled on shea . 
 `` the child must be protected . 
 it is no use appealing to raven for logic , as she has none , and mikhail is so besotted with her that he does not see his first duty , so it is up to you . 
 for the sake of all of us , you must protect this child . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 shea felt ensnared by those molten eyes . 
 she might not fully comprehend his reasons , but she felt his genuine urgency . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll watch over her , healer . '' 
 `` it is not for my sake only , but for humans and carpathians alike . 
 this child must live , shea , '' he reiterated . 
 `` she must . '' 
 shea clearly felt the warning , the plea from his otherwise damned soul . 
 this child was his only hope . 
 for the first time she believed he was not the vampire , that his fear of turning was great , the child his only chance of survival . 
 she nodded , meeting his eyes steadily so that he could see she comprehended the dangers . 
 out of respect for her , gregori , too , walked into the forest out of shea 's sight before shape-shifting and loping away toward the ruins of jacques ' old home . 
 raven opened the door to the cabin and stepped out of the storm into the shelter of the room . 
 `` you 'll get used to it . 
 when i first met mikhail , i did n't have a clue what he was . 
 i thought he was a psychic like me . 
 believe me , it was a real shock when i found out . 
 i had no idea such a species even existed . '' 
 shea managed a small smile . 
 to be back in her cabin was comforting , with all her familiar things around her . 
 `` i 'm still not certain i believe any of this . 
 i keep expecting to wake up in my office back in the states . '' 
 snagging a towel , she tossed it to raven and caught up another for herself . 
 her hair was dripping wet . 
 it was soothing to her to do something so mundane as towel it dry . 
 `` we live relatively normal lives , shea . 
 mikhail and i have a beautiful home in this breathtaking land . 
 mikhail has several businesses . 
 we have friends , good friends . 
 we travel . 
 what happened to jacques was a terrible tragedy for all of us . 
 i 'm glad he has you now , all of us are . '' 
 raven curled up in a chair . 
 daylight was taking its toll on her pregnant body . 
 shea leaned against the bed and studied raven . 
 she was a beautiful woman , a little pale , with unusual blue-violet eyes . 
 `` jacques is still quite ill . 
 he 's struggling to remember his life . 
 it 's difficult . '' 
 she paced restlessly . 
 `` i worry about him . 
 he does n't believe he is always sane . 
 there is such torment in him . '' 
 shea ? 
 you need me ? 
 jacques ' voice was clear in her mind , anxious , as if he had caught her thoughts . 
 she realized that jacques was unable to release her completely . 
 she should have felt resentful , cornered , but the truth was , she felt safe . 
 already she was becoming accustomed to their closeness . 
 i 'm fine , jacques . 
 just take care of yourself . 
 it was an exhilarating feeling that she could talk across time and space , that she could touch him whenever she wanted or needed , that he would always know when she was troubled . 
 shea watched raven and , noting her elevated breathing , automatically walked over to her to take her pulse . 
 raven laughed and pulled away . 
 `` my husband is being naughty . 
 he likes to keep me thinking about him while he 's away from me . 
 i 'm fine . 
 they 'll drive you crazy , but they 're always intriguing and usually lots of fun . 
 it 's a good thing , as they have long life spans . 
 would n't it be hell to be stuck for centuries to someone you found incredibly boring ? '' 
 `` how dangerous is the healer ? '' 
 raven inhaled sharply . 
 `` the truth is , gregori is the most dangerous of all carpathians . 
 mikhail thinks gregori is more powerful than he is , and that 's saying quite a bit . 
 he knows things , more than any other . 
 mikhail fears for him all the time now . 
 if he turned vampire , we 'd all be in grave danger . 
 mikhail loves him . 
 we both do . 
 that 's why we decided to try for a baby now rather than later . 
 to produce a lifemate for him . 
 carpathians never have female children anymore . 
 no one knows why , but the children that are born rarely survive the first year of life . 
 mikhail and gregori both believe a human lifemate can produce them a female child , and i guess they 're right , since gregori says this child is a girl . 
 he would know . '' 
 `` that 's why my father wanted a female child so much . 
 my mother never got to tell him she was pregnant , but in her diary she said he had been disappointed when noelle gave birth to a male child . '' 
 `` i met your father briefly , '' raven said softly . 
 `` he was very distraught over noelle 's murder . 
 he wanted to hunt the assassins , but mikhail told him it was too dangerous , he was too involved . 
 he was sent to sleep for several years . '' 
 `` he just went to sleep ? '' 
 shea was furious for no reason she could actually name . 
 to think of the man sleeping while his wife lay murdered , his mistress pregnant and alone , and some one else raising his son , made her very angry . 
 she had a feeling she would not like her father very much . 
 `` you need to understand these people , shea , the kind of power they carry , the kind of devastation they 're capable of . 
 they can command the land , cause an earthquake that could destroy whole cities . 
 control is a huge issue with them at all times . 
 someone like gregori is a time bomb . 
 he knows it , mikhail knows it , all of us do . 
 rand was so distraught , he was dangerous to everyone around him . 
 mikhail did what he thought was right for the protection of humans and carpathians alike . 
 rand obeyed because mikhail is their chosen leader . 
 he never seemed very attached to anyone , least of all his son . 
 even now , he is a loner rarely seen . 
 he spends most of his time in the ground . '' 
 `` and rand neglected to say anything about my mother to anyone , '' shea said bitterly . 
 `` my mother 's life was destroyed . 
 he could have prevented that . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , it must have been terrible for you growing up . 
 if your mother was rand 's true lifemate , then she would have been unable to live without him . 
 it is a bonding of the soul . '' 
 raven sighed , looked away from the distaste on shea 's face . 
 `` noelle was not rand 's true lifemate . 
 i would like to think she loved him , but by all accounts she was simply obsessed with him . 
 i have no idea why rand went along with it . 
 noelle was a foolish woman not to have waited for her true lifemate . 
 rand is a very good-looking man . 
 she mistook lust for love . '' 
 `` i have wanted to tell rand what a worm he is from the first day i ever read my mother 's diary . 
 and i do n't want to feel about jacques the way she felt about rand . 
 not to the extent that i would neglect a child , live as if i was already dead , just waiting until she was old enough to be on her own . '' 
 `` not everyone is strong , shea , '' raven counseled gently . 
 `` look at how long gregori has lasted without his lifemate . 
 mikhail and jacques , aidan and his brother julian , have all lasted far longer than most of the others . 
 there have been so many over the years that have turned , not strong enough to hold out . 
 why ? 
 why gregori and not this vampire ? 
 what happened to your mother would not happen to you because you are not the same person . 
 you 're very strong . 
 and your mother had no way of knowing what was happening to her . '' 
 shea paced the length of the room , suddenly restless . 
 the conversation was giving her a knot in her stomach . 
 was gregori really capable of creating an earthquake that could destroy cities ? 
 keeping the unborn child safe was even more important than she 'd thought . 
 hundreds , perhaps thousands of lives could depend on it . 
 that was what gregori was trying to convey to her . 
 he needed this child in order to survive much longer without turning vampire . 
 `` i 'm sorry , shea , you 've been thrown into deep water and told to swim without a lesson . 
 i wish i could help you , '' raven said softly . 
 jacques reached the edge of the meadow at the timberline to find mikhail pacing carefully across a patch of earth . 
 `` wolf traps , '' he said tersely and continued his inspection . 
 `` watch for thin wires , perhaps not visible to our eyes , '' jacques cautioned . 
 `` he must be able to do something to hide the wires from us . '' 
 gregori 's form shimmered into solidity . 
 he stood very still , inhaling the early-morning air . 
 `` this is one giant trap , my friends . 
 i am very uneasy finding only one human with byron . '' 
 `` if byron is even inside , '' jacques agreed . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 `` the vampire must be in the ground , away from the sun , '' mikhail said . 
 `` there is nothing that could allow him to see the light of day once he has turned . '' 
 `` so where is the human 's partner ? '' 
 jacques asked aloud . 
 mikhail shrugged uneasily . 
 `` i suggest we approach soundlessly and invisible to the human eye . 
 spread out so we can help one another should there be need . '' 
 `` the wire . '' 
 gregori 's voice was a mere thread of sound . 
 `` it is strung crisscrossed throughout the meadow at various heights . 
 a thin , garrote-like affair meant to slice through the throat , but also hung in such a way as to cut us in many places , making us weak . 
 obviously no thought was given to other humans or animals who might venture near this place . '' 
 `` ah , yes , i see them now . 
 very clever , our vampire , '' mikhail said . 
 `` we are definitely expected , though not , i should think , until tonight . 
 perhaps his human friends have gone for supplies , thinking they have the entire day to torment byron without fear of interference . '' 
 `` i do not know , mikhail . 
 something here makes me uneasy , '' gregori warned . 
 `` something not quite right . '' 
 `` i feel it also , '' jacques agreed , `` although i can not explain what it is exactly . 
 it is as if this is all prearranged , and we are walking into a spider 's web . 
 i know this place . 
 i can feel the pain and torment as if it was happening all over again . '' 
 and he was , his insides writhing and his gut clenching . 
 it was difficult to maintain his outward calm when his flesh crawled and pain tore at him , splintering his mind so that he did n't know what was real and what was part of his never-ending nightmare . 
 `` perhaps you are feeling byron 's pain , '' mikhail suggested with concern . 
 jacques ' face remained impassive , but the lines in his skin deepened , and crimson smeared his forehead . 
 jacques , are you hurt ? 
 i will come to you . 
 shea 's soft voice swirled in his mind , caught fragments of his thoughts and seemed to piece him back together . 
 she was , as always , his one and only anchor to reality . 
 stay there , but stay connected to me , shea . 
 being so close to this place is disorienting me . 
 i need you to keep me together . 
 hewas begging , but jacques had no choice . 
 she was his lifemate , and her presence in his mind could mean the difference between success and failure to their mission . 
 he did not want to be the cause of the others ' deaths . 
 a grim smile touched gregori 's sensual mouth , his silver eyes humorless and pierced with dangerous light . 
 `` they mean to capture us , mikhail . 
 us , the two most powerful-of our kind . 
 perhaps they need a real demonstration in power . '' 
 jacques glanced at mikhail uneasily . 
 maybe it was the way his body was remembering every burn , every slash . 
 with age the pain became more intense , if one could feel . 
 unlike a vampire , a carpathian was capable of tremendous sensation . 
 jacques had suffered what no man , human or carpathian , should have endured . 
 it was n't even in the name of science , just a sadist bent on inflicting as much pain as possible . 
 come back , jacques . 
 shea 's voice was filled with concern . 
 i can not . 
 i can not leave byron to suffer my fate . 
 i can feel your pain , jacques . 
 you are having a hard time concentrating on what you 're doing . 
 your mind is very scattered . 
 of what use are you to byron if you get caught ? 
 come back to me . 
 i will get him out of there . 
 just stay with me , shea . 
 jacques concentrated on her , held her strength and warmth in his mind to fight the growing pain . 
 the ground seemed to roll beneath his feet ; the rain pounded down on him . 
 his flesh was burning ; he could smell it . 
 cuts opened up and bled freely . 
 he caught at his chest as pain ripped through him , tearing muscles and bone . 
 his throat closed off ; breathing became impossible . 
 his heart pounded until he felt it had to explode . 
 `` jacques ! '' 
 gregori gripped his arm . 
 `` it is part of the trap set for you specifically . 
 the vampire knew you would come , and you are caught in the web . 
 he is amplifying your own fears and the pain you suffered . 
 he is not here ; it is merely a warp you are trapped in . 
 know it is not real , and fight your way out . '' 
 `` i do not understand . '' 
 pinpricks of scarlet dotted jacques ' body , stained his shirt . 
 his eyes were alive with pain and madness . 
 i do . 
 shea snatched at the information in his mind . 
 she wrapped him in the warmth of her love . 
 feel me , jacques . 
 concentrate only on me and what you feel when we touch , when we kiss . 
 she pictured it in her head , him holding her so possessively , so tenderly , his mouth finding hers hungrily . 
 the way she felt , hot and silken with heat , needing and wanting him . 
 her mouth as hungry as his . 
 her hands tangled in his thick hair . 
 feel me , jacques . 
 her whisper moved over his skin like the touch of her fingers . 
 jacques narrowed his focus until he blocked out everything but the smell and taste of her , the touch of her fingers , her soft , sexy voice . 
 she became his world , was his world , would always be . 
 nothing else was real . 
 she was his heart and his very breath . 
 her breathing regulated his back to a steady in and out . 
 her heart brought the rhythm of his slowly back to a normal pattern . 
 his skin was on fire , but with sensual hunger rather than the pain of torture . 
 her breath seemed to warm his ear , his mind . 
 i love you , jacques . 
 do what you must , then hurry home to me . 
 she released him with great reluctance , the warmth of her love lingering behind . 
 jacques shook his head to bring himself back to the present situation . 
 almost at once the earth moved beneath his feet , and the pain tried to hammer at him . 
 but the vampire would not snag him twice in the same trap . 
 he wrenched himself forward , concentrating on the way shea 's mouth tasted , the curve of her hip beneath his hand , the way her eyes lit up just before she laughed . 
 he held her close to his heart , kept the vision of her wild mane of hair in front of him as he pushed his way through the warp and out into the open land . 
 `` good , '' gregori approved . 
 `` but this one is very adept . 
 i am uneasy over the way this is going , mikhail . 
 let us take to the air above the wires and approach from different directions . 
 i will go in first . 
 our people can not afford to lose either of you . '' 
 `` gregori , '' mikhail reminded him softly , `` if the child is your lifemate , and you do something careless , you are condemning her to death . 
 keep that in mind when you enter this place of madness . '' 
 gregori 's silver eyes slashed at his old friend . 
 `` do you think i would chance harming her in any way ? 
 i have waited several lifetimes for her . 
 these humans are nothing . 
 they have persecuted our people for far too long . 
 i mean it to stop . '' 
 mikhail nodded , his dark eyes , so like his brother 's , black ice . 
 `` you are up to this , jacques ? '' 
 jacques ' smile was a humorless promise of retaliation . 
 `` have no worries about me . 
 i am looking forward to this . '' 
 mikhail sighed . 
 `` two bloodthirsty savages thinking they are in the dark ages . '' 
 jacques exchanged a humorless grin with gregori . 
 `` the dark ages were not such a bad time . 
 at least justice could be dispensed easily without worrying about what the women would think . '' 
 `` you both have gone soft , '' gregori snickered . 
 `` no wonder our people have such problems . 
 the women are ruling , and you two besotted idiots just follow along . '' 
 jacques ' solid form wavered , became transparent . 
 `` we will see who proves to be the soft one , healer . '' 
 his body completely disappeared from sight . 
 mikhail glanced at gregori , shrugged , then followed suit . 
 none of this was to his liking . 
 gregori was a time bomb waiting to explode . 
 and only god knew what jacques was capable of . 
 it seemed the worst possible time to confront an enemy , just as they were weakening from the light of day . 
 gregori waited until mikhail and jacques had disappeared before allowing his body to dissolve . 
 he launched himself skyward , wincing as the sun 's light , penetrating the dark clouds , hit his eyes . 
 he cursed silently . 
 raven was alone with a woman who knew next to nothing about their people 's capabilities . 
 she was very weak . 
 the child was his only hope , and it was stupidity to rescue a carpathian male who was on the verge of turning . 
 a few more years and gregori would be hunting him . 
 jacques moved across the meadow , high above the gleaming wires . 
 water danced off the thin strands like crystal droplets . 
 he moved around the blackened ruins in a slow circle , looking for the entrance hidden in the ground . 
 it bothered him that he did n't know exactly where it was , or that the others might know before him . 
 it made him feel as if he were ill , totally incompetent . 
 soft laughter sent warmth curling through his body . 
 since when have you ever been incompetent ? 
 you made me crazy even when you were lying allegedly helpless , in bed . 
 the first time you kissed me , i forgot my own name . 
 that is not incompetent . 
 jacques found the tension easing out of his body . 
 shea had a way of doing that for him with just the sound of her laughter , her warmth . 
 i am looking for the entrance to the cellar . 
 the ground appears to be completely undisturbed . 
 as i walked across the meadow and approached the burned area , the stone fireplace was on my right . 
 i circled the perimeter from the right side . 
 the door was buried in the dirt . 
 i could n't see it , but i felt it with my hand . 
 i remember the fireplace was to my right by about ten feet or so . 
 thanks , little red hair . 
 jacques crouched in the rain , ran his hand along the mud-slick soil . 
 `` there is something over here , '' mikhail said softly , his eyes searching for a hidden trap . 
 his body hovered over the area as he examined the ground . 
 `` there are marks on the ground , as if a branch has been dragged over it . 
 dirt and rocks have been scattered over the spot . '' 
 `` do not touch it ! '' 
 jacques ordered sharply . 
 `` the fireplace should be to your right and farther out . '' 
 `` you remember this ? '' 
 gregori asked skeptically . 
 `` shea remembers . 
 it must be another trap . 
 the rain would have removed those marks . '' 
 `` they did not have much time to set such traps , '' mikhail observed . 
 `` byron was taken no more than an hour ago , if that . '' 
 `` perhaps we are underestimating this vampire , mikhail . 
 i could manufacture such traps , and so could you . 
 aidan and julian could do so , and no doubt jacques . 
 who else do we know who has this kind of power ? '' 
 gregori asked softly . 
 `` there are few others over the age of six hundred years , '' mikhail said . 
 `` perhaps this is a crime of hate more than of age , '' jacques ventured . 
 `` what was done to me was done with the idea of causing as much suffering as i could take before death claimed me . 
 that is a crime of hatred , one of revenge . '' 
 gregori and mikhail exchanged a quick , knowing look . 
 `` of course , you have to be right , jacques , '' mikhail agreed for both of the ancients . 
 `` a vampire would avoid us , not try to draw us to him . 
 so whom did you anger enough to warrant this much hatred ? '' 
 jacques shrugged calmly . 
 his own hatred was deep and smoldering , a rage so ingrained that he knew the demon would rise within him the moment he encountered any of those involved in his torture and imprisonment . 
 whoever hated him so much had created a like feeling within him , hatred that not only matched but surpassed anything the vampire might feel . 
 `` you know more of my past than i do , but it really does not matter , as long as he believes i wronged him , '' jacques said . 
 `` it is here . 
 the door is here . '' 
 `` the human is dozing . '' 
 mikhail probed the mind of the unseen man carefully . 
 `` he is supremely confident that he will be undisturbed . '' 
 gregori , too , was probing the human . 
 `` i like none of this , mikhail . 
 it seems too easy . 
 the vampire knows we can travel in the early morning hours . 
 our powers might not be at full strength , but even diminished , we can handle humans easily . '' 
 `` you stay out of sight , gregori , watch our backs , '' mikhail cautioned . 
 `` i will instruct the human to open the cellar and allow us in . 
 jacques and i will test for a trap . '' 
 `` jacques and i will go inside , mikhail . 
 we can not risk your life . 
 you know that . '' 
 gregori did not wait for a response . 
 he had spent most of his life guarding mikhail , the dispenser of justice for his people . 
 even with his lifemate so close to existence , gregori would not back away from this duty . 
 he seized the human 's mind with ease , demanding information . 
 jeff smith woke abruptly , a pain in his head , uneasiness gripping his very soul . 
 in his mind was something that did not belong to him , something powerful that demanded every detail of the past few days , insisted on a blow-by-blow replay of the past few hours . 
 he tried to resist , but the thing was far too powerful to ignore . 
 he went over every detail . 
 the vampire bringing the paralyzed carpathian , donnie burning and slicing the victim , slovensky laughing and egging him on . 
 the vampire standing emotionless , watching with empty eyes and frankly scaring the hell out of jeff . 
 donnie and slovensky going for supplies , whispering to each other and the vampire . 
 the vampire promised no one would be able to find them ; his spells would safeguard the makeshift dungeon until nightfall . 
 the other vampires would be trapped in the ground until night . 
 jeff was safe and could torment their victim at will . 
 smith wished he had the woman , the red-haired doctor . 
 he had delicious thoughts of what he would do with her for long hours at a time . 
 jacques made a sound , not aloud but in his mind , and immediately broke all contact with shea . 
 she could not witness the demon rising in him . 
 already fangs were exploding in his mouth , and the red haze demanding a kill was spewing upward with violent , murderous intent . 
 a low , warning growl escaped him , and he hissed at gregori to warn him off his kill . 
 mikhail moved to intercept his brother . 
 `` we have need of this man . '' 
 gregori placed himself firmly between the two carpathians , recognizing immediately that jacques ' tattered mind was focused on only one thing . 
 donot try to interfere , mikhail . 
 he will attack you . 
 he is not healed , and he is very dangerous . 
 we can not control him , and he has shut out the woman . 
 she is his only hold on reality . 
 we can not save this human . 
 he shrugged as if to say it did n't matter to him one way or the other . 
 and it did n't . 
 if mikhail had not been with them , gregori would have already dispensed his own brand of justice . 
 smith felt something take a firmer hold on his mind . 
 this was not the same as the demand for information . 
 this was an attack by an alien being , a grip of steel that felt as if it would crush his very skull . 
 smith cried out , whirled to face the broken man lying so seemingly helpless before him . 
 the eyes were open , staring at him , pain-filled , malevolent even , but his victim appeared near death . 
 the vampire had assured jeff that this one was quite paralyzed in body and mind , that he could feel the pain inflicted upon him but could not cry out for help to others of his kind or harm the humans in any way . 
 smith picked up a knife , still crimson with the victim 's blood , and took a step toward the bloody coffin . 
 instantly he was slammed against the wall by an unseen force , and the knife twisted toward him . 
 screaming , jeff dropped the weapon . 
 his head buzzed with pain . 
 whatever it was , was outside , demanding that he open the door . 
 he clapped both hands to his head , trying to resist the compulsion , but his feet were already moving , obeying the unseen dictator . 
 the being snarled in impatience and applied more pressure . 
 jeff knew he was letting in his own death as he made his way up the rotting stairs to the heavy door . 
 his every step brought those razor-sharp teeth closer and closer to his throat . 
 but he could n't stop himself . 
 the being sent the clear picture to his brain , yet he could n't stop himself . 
 his hand was on the door . 
 he shoved . 
 the wooden door exploded upward , and two clawed hands seized him , dragged him into the pouring rain . 
 thunder cracked , and a bolt of lightning hit a tree , split it in two with a deafening sound . 
 a shower of sparks erupted . 
 the earth fell away as jeff was jerked skyward . 
 he recognized the face now , the man he had once tortured for days . 
 the man they had purposely buried alive seven years earlier . 
 those black eyes had promised death , had haunted him for years , and now they were ice and fire , rimmed with red . 
 teeth gleamed white , sharp and dripping . 
 jeff screamed as the hot breath burned his neck . 
 he felt the teeth tearing into his flesh , exposing his jugular . 
 hot liquid spilled down his chest , and he looked down to see his own blood spraying out . 
 and then the creature was consuming him while his heart stuttered to stay alive and his mind cried out for another chance . 
 all around him the ghosts of the women he had raped and killed , the men donnie had encouraged him to torture , floated into his mind . 
 the rain beat down on his upturned face . 
 the creature dropped him into the mud with a sickening thud . 
 jeff squirmed , tried to crawl , turned his head to see a wolf approaching from the timberline . 
 he tried to make a sound , but there was only a gasping wheeze . 
 jacques crouched down and looked him in the eye , completely dispassionate , watching the glaze creeping into the depths of jeff smith 's staring eyes . 
 `` you go to a hell you deserve , human , '' he whispered contemptuously into the dying man 's mind . 
 jacques stayed crouched beside the man , red flames burning in his eyes , the demon in him roaring and hungry for retribution . 
 he knew byron was trapped in the cellar , that this human and his friends had tortured the carpathian male just as they had tortured him years earlier . 
 adrenaline and power pumped through his body . 
 mikhail paced back and forth nervously . 
 jacques was more animal than man , acting on the age-old instinct of the predator . 
 low growls continually rumbled in his throat , something mikhail was certain his brother was not even aware of . 
 jacques bent low , caught the bloodstained shirt , and dragged the human closer , his need for death erupting . 
 the call was wild and strong . 
 every word shea had spoken concerning this man and his partner and what they had promised to do to her echoed in his mind . 
 the need of the carpathian male to protect his mate and the hunger for retribution urged him to feel every moment of the taking of life . 
 mikhail could see the war raging in jacques . 
 it would be a difficult thing for him to live with , the taking of blood during a kill . 
 gregori and he had both done it , but the rush was addicting and dangerous . 
 in jacques ' state , it could be forever damaging . 
 he approached cautiously . 
 `` jacques , do not do this thing . 
 you have too much to lose . '' 
 jacques whirled on him , baring teeth , a warning rumble bringing gregori to once again insert his body between them . 
 `` leave him , mikhail . 
 if he makes the kill and consumes the rest of the idiot 's blood , it is only what they owe him . 
 he is no longer a child you must protect . '' 
 mikhail swore , angry with gregori for dismissing the urgency of the act . 
 too many had been lost at just such a moment . 
 mikhail had thought jacques lost to him once ; he did not want it again . 
 he also knew gregori well enough to know he would have to try to go through the ancient 's body to get to his brother . 
 gregori believed jacques a danger to all of them . 
 with a sigh he resigned himself to the inevitable . 
 gregori watched the fight go out of mikhail and turned his attention to jacques , simply waiting for the decision to be made . 
 jacques smelled the beckoning blood . 
 his hunger was sated , but the taste of fear and adrenaline , the need for revenge , were burning in him . 
 the rushing high consumed him , yet the cool wind that was shea anchored him to reality . 
 his body shook with the need to consume while he killed , to feel the life seep out of the man . 
 reluctantly , he allowed the man 's shirt to slip from his fingers . 
 jeff smith could die at his own pace , and jacques would forego the ultimate power of the kill . 
 he took a slow , deep breath and moved away from the broken body , watching his brothers , the wolves , move toward his victim . 
 he shook off the demon , fighting every inch of the way to get himself back under control . 
 it took long moments before he was able to see the two carpathians as friends instead of enemies . 
 gregori nodded at him , then turned and entered the cellar cautiously , inhaling the stale air , careful of any hidden traps . 
 the place smelled of blood and fear , sweat , and the stench of burned flesh . 
 byron lay in a blood-splattered coffin , his body a thousand cuts and raw , charred flesh . 
 his eyes found gregori immediately , became anxious and desperate . 
 gregori tried to reach him on the common path of carpathians , but byron 's mind was frozen ; it was impossible for him to move or communicate . 
 but for the desperation in his eyes , gregori would have dismissed the cellar as harmless to any of their kind . 
 jacques entered the place of death uneasily , the stench sickening him . 
 he caught the warning gregori silently sent him and did not approach the form in the coffin . 
 it was too easy . 
 the vampire had known they would come , and jeff smith had been an unsuspecting sacrifice . 
 the other two humans had probably known it also . 
 what do you think ? 
 gregori wanted to know . 
 jacques had to fight to keep himself under control . 
 his body shook continually , and the need to kill was still burning brightly in him . 
 it was hard to think , to concentrate . 
 he was aware of the wolves outside and the joy in them as they tore into the carcass . 
 he felt connected to their simple way of life . 
 they called to him to join them , to hunt and feed . 
 what do you think , jacques ? 
 deliberately gregori used his name to call him back from the need to run wild , to hunt and kill and be truly free . 
 something is not right . 
 jacques had no idea what it was , but he was certain there was hidden danger . 
 byron 's eyes were eloquent , obviously trying desperately to communicate something . 
 as gregori stepped closer , he seemed more agitated , the blood spewing from his wounds . 
 `` be calm , byron , go to sleep . 
 no vampire is going to catch us in his trap . 
 mikhail waits outside . 
 there are three of us . '' 
 gregori 's voice was beautifully pitched , pure and soothing . 
 `` drift off , slow your heart , and allow your body to hibernate . 
 i will take you somewhere safe to heal . 
 my blood is powerful . 
 you will heal quickly . '' 
 the blood pumped out as byron became even more upset . 
 gregori 's voice softened until it was the wind and the water , the earth itself . 
 `` jacques has exchanged blood with you many times . 
 he can give you his if you prefer to safeguard your pact with him . 
 do not fear for us ; there is no trap the vampire can devise that i can not unravel . 
 sleep now , and let us get on with it . '' 
 the voice was a command . 
 although byron 's mind was impossible to control , the voice made anyone hearing it want to comply . 
 byron was exhausted and wracked with pain . 
 he felt his hold on consciousness slipping away . 
 his life was draining away , and he could n't convey to them the monstrous , diabolical plot the vampire had outlined to him as he lay so helpless . 
 he could only hope they would figure it out in time . 
 byron shut down his heart to stop the draining of his blood . 
 his lungs labored for a moment , then , with a little sigh , gave up , and he lay quiet , as if dead . 
 gregori breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` i could feel his pain . '' 
 `` i have felt it before , '' jacques replied grimly . 
 `` he is better off not feeling or knowing until we can see to his wounds . '' 
 `` he does not want my blood , '' gregori pointed out in his soft , calm tone . 
 nothing ruffled him ; nothing moved him to emotion . 
 he killed or healed as calmly as he talked . 
 `` i am aware that i have entered into a pact with him . 
 i will honor it , '' jacques said . 
 `` let us find this trap so we can take him out of here . 
 this place is evil . '' 
 gregori was examining the coffin itself , looking for hidden trip wires or a bomb of some kind . 
 he ran his hand carefully along the outside of the crude wooden box . 
 `` the human left here knew nothing ; they set him up as expendable . 
 this has to be a death trap . '' 
 very cautiously gregori inspected the body lying so still . 
 `` he is in bad shape . 
 he should have put himself to sleep immediately . 
 he must have wanted to die quickly , or he knew they were expecting us and wanted to warn us . 
 whatever the answer , the day is creeping upon us fast , and we must get him to a cave where we can supply him with blood and the healing earth he needs . '' 
 `` stand back , healer , and allow me to lift him . 
 he is my friend , although i do not remember him . 
 i can do no other than honor my commitment to him . '' 
 `` go slowly , jacques . 
 the bomb , if there is one , must be beneath him . '' 
 gregori , instead of moving away , moved closer so that he could grab anything that looked harmful and dispense with it if needed . 
 hurry , gregori . 
 the light grows stronger , and i am uneasy , mikhail instructed from outside . 
 jacques very carefully felt under byron 's body , a slow , cautious sweep , taking his time as if the morning light was not affecting any of them . 
 the smell of blood assailed his nostrils , and the stench of charred flesh made his stomach lurch . 
 near byron 's hips he felt the smallest of resistance . 
 instantly he stopped . 
 `` it is here , gregori , a trip wire , razor sharp . 
 it is cutting into my wrist . 
 can you see it ? 
 i dare not move until we know if it is connected to some kind of explosive device . '' 
 gregori crouched low and examined the intricate wiring . 
 `` a crude bomb , rather pointless . 
 the vampire knows how easy it would be for me to dismantle it . '' 
 `` perhaps this is a present from the two humans . 
 it is a rather human trap , after all , '' jacques commented , waiting patiently for gregori to deal with the problem . 
 his superior strength allowed him to hold byron 's dead weight with one hand and not notice any strain . 
 `` is there a second device ? 
 perhaps the first one is really a dummy . '' 
 shea stared out the window of the cabin into the driving rain . 
 the droplets looked like tiny silver threads streaming from the gray sky . 
 she shivered for no reason and crossed her arms protectively across her breasts . 
 `` what 's wrong , shea ? '' 
 raven asked softly , not wanting to intrude . 
 `` jacques just cut himself off completely from me . '' 
 shea swallowed hard . 
 all this time she had been so certain she needed her freedom from the continuous bond between them , but now that jacques had withdrawn , she felt almost as if she could n't breathe . 
 `` i ca n't reach him . 
 he wo n't let me . '' 
 raven sat up straighter , her face going very still . 
 mikhail ? 
 leave me for now , heordered . 
 raven caught the impression of fear for jacques ' sanity , the swirling , violent rage that had welled up in the carpathian males just before mikhail broke the mind contact with her . 
 she cleared her throat cautiously . 
 `` sometimes they try to protect us from the harsher aspects of their lives . '' 
 shea whirled around to face her , eyebrows up . 
 `` their lives ? 
 are n't we bound to them ? 
 have n't they done something to irrevocably bind us to them so that there is no way to leave them ? 
 it is n't just their lives . 
 they brought us into this , and they have no right to arbitrarily decide what we can and ca n't know . '' 
 raven swept a hand through her blue-black hair . 
 `` i felt the same way for a long time . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` the truth is , i still feel the same way . 
 but we persist in judging them by our human standards . 
 they are a different species of people altogether . 
 they are predators and have a completely different view of right and wrong . '' 
 raven shoved a hand through her hair , frowning as she did so . 
 `` i wanted to wait to have a baby . 
 but mikhail has been noticing differences in gregori , and we both knew he needed some hope to continue . 
 it worries me , though , because i still have such a hard time fitting into their world . '' 
 shea crossed the room and sat on the bed beside raven 's chair . 
 she could hear the fear in the woman 's voice , and something in her instantly responded . 
 `` at least there are two of us now . 
 we can gang up on them . '' 
 raven laughed softly . 
 `` it 's such a fight all the time , maintaining any kind of control in my life with mikhail . 
 i have this feeling he 's only going to get worse with this pregnancy . '' 
 `` and you 're obviously going to have the healer on your back , '' shea pointed out . 
 `` he 's more daunting than jacques ' brother . '' 
 raven sighed . 
 `` i wish i could say that was n't true , but he 's going to be horrible , really horrible . 
 i ca n't blame him , though . '' 
 `` i do n't understand what he meant exactly , but i could tell it was imperative i take good care of you . '' 
 raven tucked her feet beneath her . 
 `` carpathians rarely have children . 
 there 's something that prevents them from having a female child when they do conceive . '' 
 shea 's mind instantly focused on amassing data . 
 `` can you tell me more ? '' 
 raven obliged . 
 `` about eighty percent of all children conceived are male . 
 no one knows why . 
 only about seventy percent of pregnancies are carried to term . 
 most miscarry , and it is n't even within the first three months . 
 it can happen at any time . 
 of those children born , only a handful survive the first year . 
 again , no one knows why . 
 the last female child to survive was born over five hundred years ago . '' 
 raven sighed . 
 `` the men are desperate . 
 mikhail and gregori have a theory that only human women with true psychic ability can make the change and have the right chemistry to be a lifemate . 
 even if they 're right , you can see the magnitude of the problem . 
 without women and children , the species can not survive . 
 the males turn vampire because they have no hope . '' 
 `` perhaps it 's nature 's way of population control . 
 they 're able to live so long , '' shea mused , more to herself than to raven . 
 `` the species will be extinct soon if they ca n't find out what 's wrong , '' raven said sadly . 
 `` gregori is a great man . 
 he 's given so much to his people and suffered for so long . 
 he deserves a better fate than turning vampire and being hated and feared by the world . 
 out of respect , mikhail would never allow any other to hunt and destroy him , yet doing so himself would be agony . 
 i 'm not even certain anyone could actually destroy one such as gregori alone . 
 it would be a terrible thing for gregori to be hunted by the very people he protected and healed . '' 
 `` gregori must have researched the mystery of why there 've been no female children for centuries . 
 surely he must have found a reason after all this time . 
 at least he must have a few ideas . '' 
 shea itched to come up with a hypothesis of her own . 
 she suddenly wanted to talk to gregori , hear all the data he had collected over the centuries . 
 `` he certainly has worked on it . 
 maybe it will help for the two of you to get together and hash it out , '' raven said tactfully . 
 `` but you know , shea , none of the information on our people can fall into the wrong hands . 
 any documentation on our race can be dangerous . 
 for the good of our people , you must destroy all your research . '' 
 `` it is n't as if i came up with any data on carpathians , raven . 
 i never even considered such a race of people . 
 i was looking for an answer to a blood disorder . 
 i knew people in this region had long been accused of being vampires . 
 i think a lot of legends have a grain of truth in them somewhere , so it stood to reason something was going on here . 
 that and the fact that my father was from this area made me decide to come here and see what i could find out . 
 honestly , raven , there 's nothing in my records to indicate a separate species of people with the kind of power these carpathians wield . 
 everything is purely medical . '' 
 `` it 's still dangerous to us . 
 if it falls into the hands of these so-called scientists , they might figure things out . '' 
 raven put a hand on shea 's arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i know your records probably represent years of work , but , really , the work was for yourself , and you have the answers to your questions . '' 
 `` the work was for all those people who have the same blood disorder as i do . '' 
 `` it is n't a blood disorder , and they do n't need a cure . 
 they 're a totally separate species , not human , and they have evolved into a very efficient species . 
 they work hard and contribute much to society , but they would never be accepted by the human race . 
 if you want to do medical research , then research a real problem , like why we ca n't carry babies to term . 
 why our babies die . 
 why our women do n't conceive female children . 
 that would be an invaluable service . 
 believe me , all carpathians would be eternally grateful . 
 i would be grateful . '' 
 she put her hands protectively over her stomach . 
 `` if i do carry this baby to term , i could n't bear to lose her after her birth . '' 
 raven suddenly sat up straight . 
 `` i bet you could do it , shea - find the answer for all of us . 
 i bet you could . '' 
 `` do something gregori has failed to do after all these years ? 
 i doubt it . 
 he seems very thorough to me . '' 
 shea was skeptical . 
 `` gregori was the one who came up with the idea about human psychic women , and i 'm certain he 's right . 
 you and your mother support his theory . 
 he also thinks there 's something in the carpathian woman 's chemistry that makes it nearly impossible for the female chromosome to beat out the male . '' 
 `` would n't you know he 'd think it was the woman , '' shea sniffed contemptuously . 
 `` more than likely the men determine the sex , just like in humans , and they just ca n't produce girls . '' 
 she grinned at raven . 
 `` the men bring about their own destruction . '' 
 raven laughed . 
 `` mikhail would never let me speak to you again if he could hear us . 
 he thinks i 'm too independent and disrespectful already . '' 
 she shrugged carelessly . 
 `` it 's probably true , but it 's a lot of fun . 
 i love the way he gets that pained look on his face . 
 he 's so cute . '' 
 `` cute ? 
 i 'll bet he likes that description . '' 
 shea got up and restlessly paced the floor . 
 she was feeling uneasy without jacques ' touch and did n't want raven to notice it . 
 he had withdrawn only a short time ago , yet she felt uncomfortable , more than simply uneasy . 
 she longed for the comfort of his mind touch . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 maybe i should destroy these papers . 
 i 'd hate to think that disgusting don wallace would find a way to use them against anyone . 
 that man is a sociopath . 
 i mean it , raven , he 's truly sick . '' 
 reluctantly shea began to gather up reams of paper and carry them to the fireplace . 
 her notebooks she hesitated over . 
 she had collected a tremendous amount of folklore , beautiful stories really , along with scientific data . 
 she hated to lose them . 
 taking a huge breath , she tossed them into the hearth as well and threw a match in after them . 
 she had to fight back tears . 
 they seemed to burn her eyes and clog her throat until it was nearly impossible to breathe . 
 and she knew it was n't just losing the papers ; it was jacques ' absence from her mind . 
 she felt utterly alone , desolate . 
 she found it harder and harder to concentrate without his presence . 
 when had she become so needy ? 
 she hated the feeling of emptiness , barrenness . 
 where was he ? 
 maybe something had happened to him . 
 maybe he was dead and had left her completely alone . 
 `` shea ! '' 
 raven said sharply . 
 `` snap out of it . 
 you are n't alone . 
 nothing is wrong with jacques . 
 it 's amazing his silence is affecting you so severely when you 've only been out of contact a short time . '' 
 shea rubbed her arms , suddenly cold . 
 her stomach was rebelling , and it was still hard to catch her breath . 
 `` i guess it 's because jacques never leaves me . 
 he ca n't take being alone . '' 
 raven 's eyes widened . 
 `` never ? '' 
 shea shook her head . 
 `` i thought it would drive me crazy at first . 
 most of the time i did n't recognize it , but he would know things i was thinking , and i would realize he 'd been in my mind the entire time . 
 he was alone so long , he needed constant contact with me to keep him sane . '' 
 `` this must be terrible for him , '' raven said . 
 `` to break contact with you , he must be in the middle of something big . 
 mikhail is blocking me out , too , and so is gregori . 
 but do n't you worry , we 'll be fine together . 
 and we would still know if something were to happen to them . '' 
 shea powered up the generator so she could turn on her computer . 
 she felt very uneasy , restless , even alarmed . 
 `` raven , you do n't feel something is wrong , do you ? '' 
 she typed in her password and waited for her files to appear on the screen . 
 `` no , but i 'm used to touching mikhail occasionally for reassurance and letting him go . 
 we 've been together long enough to develop a kind of routine . 
 i touch him , and whether or not he allows me into his mind , i know he 's there . 
 you could try that . '' 
 shea concentrated for a moment on giving the commands to destroy her data . 
 with a sigh she paced back to raven . 
 `` it 's not that kind of uneasiness . 
 it 's something else . 
 at first i thought it was because i was n't touching jacques ' mind , but i do n't think so anymore . 
 i have the feeling something evil is watching us . '' 
 raven sent her mind seeking , scanning the surrounding woods carefully . 
 there were deer a mile away . 
 the three carpathian men were even farther afield . 
 `` rabbits , fox , wolves several miles out , but nothing scary that i can detect , '' she assured her softly . 
 shea picked up the shotgun and cracked it open to make certain it was loaded . 
 `` i feel almost sick , raven . 
 something 's out there . '' 
 `` it 's the separation from jacques . 
 the first time it happened with mikhail and me , i almost did n't make it through the night . 
 honestly , shea , separation is very difficult at the best of times , let alone in the morning hours when we 're growing weaker and we know the men are in danger . 
 we may have been human , but we are their lifemates . 
 naturally we miss their mind touch . '' 
 shea wanted to believe her , but , just as she had felt an evil presence in the forest , she felt they were in danger now . 
 she looked at raven . 
 this woman was important to all of them . 
 shea had promised gregori she would keep raven safe , and she was not about to be unprepared . 
 `` maybe , '' she agreed softly . 
 nevertheless , she walked to the door , opened it , and stepped onto the porch to survey the woods . 
 nothing . 
 the rain drove down harder , and in the distance shea could hear the rumble of thunder . 
 lightning flashed in the sky . 
 she found herself shivering , and her finger absently sought the trigger on the gun . 
 annoyed with herself , she went back inside , set the shotgun beneath the window , and worked at controlling herself . 
 her behavior was unacceptable to her . 
 she could not believe she needed jacques so much that she would be physically ill and have such an impression of danger because she was without his mind touch . 
 shea did not want to think it was an illusion , a trick of her mind , yet it seemed the lesser of two evils . 
 `` you 're very pale , shea . 
 you need to feed , '' raven said carefully , knowing from her own experience what a touchy subject it could be . 
 shea swallowed hard . 
 she was dizzy with weakness . 
 maybe that was what was wrong ; maybe it had nothing to do with jacques . 
 `` i know . 
 i just ca n't face it yet . 
 i know i have to come to terms with it eventually , but it 's still all too new . '' 
 `` you ca n't see yourself biting someone 's neck , is that it ? '' 
 raven laughed softly . 
 `` i ca n't do it either . 
 yuck . 
 well ... '' she blushed , a faint pink stain spreading across her creamy skin . 
 `` mikhail has a way of making it ... '' she trailed off . 
 shea found herself blushing , too . 
 `` yeah , i know what you mean . 
 jacques seems to have that same way about him . '' 
 her hand curled around the stock of the gun again , and she tried to quiet the pounding of her heart . 
 her mouth was dry with fear . 
 shea stole a glance at raven . 
 she was curled up peacefully , almost serene . 
 silently shea cursed . 
 something was terribly wrong ; she knew it deep within her , yet she could n't explain it adequately to herself or to raven . 
 `` have you ever tried to leave mikhail ? '' 
 raven glanced up , startled . 
 a soft smile curved her mouth . 
 `` you ca n't leave your lifemate . 
 one , he knows what you 're thinking , and two , he can find you wherever you are . 
 besides , you ca n't be away from him for very long - it 's too uncomfortable , both physically and mentally . 
 if you left jacques , what you 're feeling right now would not stop , it would only get worse . 
 you ca n't leave him , shea . 
 you have to learn how to live with him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't really want to leave , '' shea admitted . 
 she was close to tears . 
 the feeling of dark malevolence was becoming stronger , yet she still could n't explain it . 
 she felt very mixed up . 
 she wanted jacques close to her , but this world was so frightening and bizarre . 
 she was completely out of her element . 
 raven immediately jumped to her feet and put an arm around shea , misunderstanding her distress . 
 `` he does n't hurt you , does he ? '' 
 she was examining the faded bruises and wounds on shea 's neck . 
 `` he did this , did n't he ? '' 
 self-consciously , shea put a hand to her throat to cover the marks . 
 `` he did n't mean to . 
 he does n't always know what he 's doing . 
 but he is n't the type of man to abuse a woman . 
 i 'm in his mind enough to know that . 
 i 'm not a woman who would take it , either , '' she let the other woman hug her , needing the comfort . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm afraid all the time . 
 afraid of everything . 
 that is n't like me at all . 
 and i cry . 
 i never cry . '' 
 whatever was stalking them was very close now . 
 she wanted to scream for jacques . 
 `` you 've been through a traumatic time , shea , and so has your body . 
 you 're worn out , and you need sustenance . '' 
 raven released her and took a step away . 
 `` gregori is a great healer . 
 i know you think he could be the vampire - it 's there in your face when you look at him - but he would give his life for you , for me , for mikhail . 
 he 's a great man . 
 he could help you so much if you 'd let him . '' 
 `` he 's the scariest man i 've ever met , '' shea admitted . 
 `` if i had a child , a daughter , i would not want that man to be her husband . '' 
 `` but then , you do n't know that much about lifemates . 
 if my daughter is his lifemate and chooses him - and it will be her choice , despite what my husband and gregori think - she 'd be the safest woman in the world . 
 and once she learned to manage him , the happiest . '' 
 `` you have more faith than i do . '' 
 `` that 's because i 've known them longer . 
 give yourself some time , and for heaven 's sake put that gun down . 
 there 's nothing out there , '' raven admonished . 
 `` you 're just nervous because jacques is n't with you . '' 
 lightning crashed close , and the cabin shuddered beneath a deafening roar of thunder . 
 raven swung around and paced to a chair . 
 `` something 's going on for sure . 
 that 's one of ours doing that . '' 
 shea 's hand went to her throat . 
 she could not shake the feeling of impending doom . 
 she turned to raven . 
 `` what do you mean , one of ours ? '' 
 why had she agreed to stay and protect raven ? 
 something evil was watching them , and she could n't ferret it out . 
 jacques , where are you ? 
 `` the lightning and thunder , '' raven replied easily . 
 `` one of our males is upset . '' 
 `` great . 
 tantrums , that 's all we need , '' shea said moodily . 
 jacques had n't answered her . 
 where was he ? 
 could n't he feel her need ? 
 raven laughed . 
 `` they are great for that , are n't they ? '' 
 the door banged open , the wood , so recently repaired , splintering . 
 shea swung around , instinctively taking a stride to place herself between the entrance and raven . 
 framed in the doorway was don wallace , a scattergun in his hand , an older man behind him . 
 shea heard the maniacal laughter of the two men and saw the malice and loathing in their eyes . 
 jacques ! 
 shescreamed his name even as the orange blossom burst from the muzzle of the gun . 
 the wicked stings hitting her arm and shoulder spun her around , and she reeled into raven . 
 raven took the main burst of the gun and was flung backward nearly into the wall . 
 shea landed in a pool of blood . 
 it was everywhere , beneath her , on raven 's chest and stomach , leaking onto the wooden floor . 
 raven was still and lifeless , her face white , her pulse nonexistent when shea tried to find it . 
 don wallace seized her by her hair and dragged her away from the body . 
 he was laughing as he contemptuously kicked raven 's leg out of his way . 
 `` i knew i 'd get you , doc . 
 small world , is n't it ? '' 
 jacques ! 
 my god , he 's killed raven ! 
 gregori ! 
 i 'm sorry , i could n't save her . 
 shea was fighting , kicking and punching , and did n't even realize it until wallace hit her repeatedly in the face . 
 `` shut up ! 
 stop that screaming or i 'll knock you out . '' 
 he hit her twice more . 
 `` damn vampires think they 're so smart . 
 it was so easy , was n't it , uncle eugene ? '' 
 shea was sobbing uncontrollably , almost immune to the pain of wallace dragging her by her injured arm . 
 warmth stirred in her mind . 
 shea ? 
 we need you to look at the man holding you , look around the room slowly and picture everything exactly the way you see it . 
 jacques ' voice was calm and unruffled , no hint of rage or anger , simply a cool wind of logic . 
 we are all three linked and can aid you . 
 raven is dead ! 
 they shot her ! 
 shecried hysterically in her mind , afraid to move or call further attention to herself , lest she endanger jacques in some way . 
 just do as i tell you , love . 
 look around the room . 
 study your enemy and picture every detail in your mind so that we can see him . 
 jacques was tranquil , breathing steadily and slowly to help her control her own breathing . 
 blockout everything else . 
 what they say does not matter . 
 what they do does not matter . 
 give us the data we need . 
 shea took a deep breath , closed her eyes , and tried to do as jacques had instructed . 
 it was difficult to overcome the horror of raven 's violent death , the loss of the all-important baby . 
 she blocked out the sounds of the malicious laughter , the sexual threats and innuendoes . 
 wallace was standing over her , one hand twisted in her thick mane of hair , the other hand deliberately digging into the bloody wounds in her arm . 
 she pushed aside the pain of her injuries , the throbbing in her face . 
 shea opened her eyes and looked first at raven 's broken body . 
 the blood lay like a thick red pool around her . 
 her blue-black hair lay across one cheek like a shawl . 
 shea made herself move on . 
 her gaze swept the room , settled on eugene slovensky . 
 he was kneeling beside raven , examining her to assure himself she was dead . 
 he stood up , backed away two feet , cleared his throat , and spat at the body . 
 he reached behind him for a canvas bag and yanked it open . 
 gleefully he seized a thick , pointed stake and held it out for her to see . 
 `` spawn of the devil , '' he whispered insanely . 
 `` bride to the one who killed my brother . 
 you die this day while he sleeps unaware . 
 i am fortunate that the vulture hates you and the one that created you as much as i hate you both . 
 i do n't know why he wants the other female alive , but again , our wishes coincide . '' 
 `` not quite , uncle eugene . 
 we keep this one for ourselves . 
 you promised we would kill the vulture like the others this time , '' don wallace protested . 
 slovensky lifted the stake higher , poised it over raven 's breast . 
 `` this gives me more pleasure than you will ever know . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 shea attempted to launch herself at slovensky , unable to bear the thought of them defiling raven 's body with a crude wooden stake . 
 focus ! 
 gregori snapped , his voice so powerful , even over the distance , that it brought shea up short , where all don wallace 's slaps and punches had hardly fazed her . 
 shea stared at slovensky , the picture etched in her mind . 
 she saw the glee in his face , the hatred , the sick , perverse pleasure he was deriving as he held the stake aloft above raven 's body . 
 then suddenly she saw his expression change from pleasure to alarm . 
 his face grew crimson , then a dark shade of purple . 
 he coughed , and blood trickled from his mouth , his nose . 
 he coughed again , and his arm fell to his side , the stake dropping from nerveless fingers . 
 `` uncle eugene ? '' 
 the grin faded from wallace 's mouth . 
 he took a step toward his uncle . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 slovensky tried to speak , but the only sound that emerged was a wheezing groan . 
 more blood bubbled up around his mouth . 
 red foam dribbled onto his chin . 
 shea looked away , her stomach lurching . 
 look at him ! 
 gregori made his order impossible to ignore . 
 one of the most powerful ancients alive , he forced her compliance without a qualm , holding her mind focused exactly where he wanted it . 
 jacques and mikhail had thrown their strength and power squarely behind him . 
 shea 's terrified gaze returned to the older man as bidden . 
 he was gray , his body swaying unsteadily . 
 suddenly he fell to his knees . 
 `` damn it , old man ! '' 
 wallace sounded scared . 
 `` do n't do this to me . 
 what the hell is wrong ? 
 are you having a heart attack ? '' 
 he did n't go near his uncle . 
 in fact , he backed up , dragging shea with him , looking wildly around as if afraid they were n't alone . 
 slovensky was strangling , choking on the blood pouring from his mouth , literally drowning in it . 
 he clutched his throat , trying to pry imaginary fingers from around it . 
 then his hands went to his heart as his chest began to literally rip open . 
 shea cried out but could not look away with gregori forcing her to obey his command . 
 then suddenly , as slovensky 's heart exploded violently out of his chest and he slumped forward , face down onto the floor , she was released . 
 wallace made strange sounds , little mewling noises interspersed with curses . 
 he dragged shea to her feet , forced her with him toward the door . 
 her back was to him , and for a moment shea was curiously thankful . 
 she had never killed or injured another human being in her life . 
 she had taken an oath to save lives . 
 every instinct in her was to go to raven , see if there was anything she could do . 
 even to go to the sick old man and try to aid him . 
 killing was utterly out of her realm . 
 you did not kill him , jacques said soothingly . 
 i was the instrument you used , she protested . 
 as wallace dragged her outside , the light hit her eyes , and she cried out as a thousand knives seemed to pierce her skull . 
 look at this man , his hand on you , anything i can use , jacques ordered gruffly . 
 he could feel her horror , her reluctance . 
 i ca n't , jacques . 
 i ca n't think . 
 itwas true . 
 her mind was consumed with grotesque images of blood and death . 
 this time it was not gregori who took charge . 
 jacques gripped her mind in a hold of steel , forcing her compliance . 
 he was far stronger than she had ever imagined him to be , and supremely confident in his abilities , even in the morning hours . 
 the carpathians men were coming closer , too . 
 even with the burden of protecting byron , they were moving rapidly as a group toward the cabin . 
 mikhail reluctantly split off from the rest of them , byron a dead weight in his arms , his path away from the forest and toward the cave of healing . 
 but his concentration on his wife and child was total . 
 he had no room for any other emotion . 
 he kept their waning life force flickering in his mind , held them locked to him , giving them no chance to die before the healer was there to aid them . 
 jacques concentrated his venom on the man who had so cruelly tortured him , who now had shea in his loathsome hands . 
 his hatred was all-consuming , complete , and he focused it and aimed it through shea . 
 she could see the red haze of killing desire , the need and hunger for it , the pleasure he took in it . 
 he aimed and focused on the only part of wallace shea could see . 
 don wallace felt a sudden burning sensation , glanced down , and saw his arm smoking . 
 it burst into flames , red and orange . 
 the smoke whirled up , shaping itself into a malicious , laughing face . 
 wallace knew that face , had created every tormented line in that face . 
 he screamed and shoved shea away from him , slapping at his arm with his other hand to try to stop the fire racing up his flesh . 
 he could smell himself charring like so many of the victims he had enjoyed torturing . 
 shea fell heavily , clutched at her arm , wanted to remain lying on the ground with her eyes closed tightly . 
 the compulsion to turn and face wallace was too strong . 
 she sat and stared at him helplessly . 
 don wallace found himself floating in the air , his scattergun on the ground below . 
 the flames died as suddenly as they had begun , but his arm was a mass of charred flesh . 
 still screaming , he struggled with his one good hand to pull his revolver out of his shoulder holster . 
 he was horrified when it seemed to take on a life of its own and slowly pointed itself at him . 
 his own finger found the trigger and compulsively settled over it . 
 shea made a sound in her throat . 
 this was a scene from a horror film , yet she could n't look away . 
 a huge black wolf burst from the underbrush , running flat out . 
 it leapt into the air , its gleaming jaws closing around wallace 's leg . 
 bones snapped like twigs as the wolf pulled the man to the ground and thrust its fangs at his exposed throat . 
 shea was released from the mind hold and scrambled to her feet , rushing at the wolf tearing at the struggling man . 
 `` jacques ! 
 no ! 
 you ca n't do this ! '' 
 for one bizarre moment the wolf turned its head to look at her , and time stood still . 
 she recognized jacques ' icy eyes and felt his triumph raging in her mind . 
 gregori yanked her arm as he emerged from the woods running , still half wolf , half man , changing as he ran . 
 `` come on , we have no time . 
 damn it , shea , i need you . 
 you are a doctor , a healer . 
 come with me . '' 
 he did not release her arm , and she was forced to sprint with him up the steps into the cabin . 
 gregori shoved slovensky 's body out of the way with a boot . 
 `` listen to me , shea . 
 we will have to do this together . 
 raven has shut down her body as much as she dared . 
 mikhail is keeping her and the child alive , but she is very weak , and the child is in trouble . 
 you have to repair the damage done to raven , and i will save the child . '' 
 shea was shocked . 
 `` she 's still alive ? '' 
 she attempted to back away from gregori . 
 `` i only know human medicine . 
 i have no knowledge of how you do what you do . 
 i might kill her . '' 
 `` it is in you . 
 healers are born , not taught . 
 you can do this . 
 i will instruct you as we go . 
 we have no time to argue , shea . 
 i can not do this alone . 
 mikhail says raven will lose the child in another few minutes . 
 she has to allow her heart and lungs to continue , but her blood will pump out . 
 and life will cease for all of them . 
 raven , the child , and mikhail - we will lose all of them , '' he reinforced . 
 his eyes challenged her . 
 `` do you do this with me ? '' 
 shea was trembling , but her chin went up . 
 `` tell me what to do , and i 'll do it . '' 
 gregori nodded approvingly . 
 `` you have to block out everything you are . 
 everything . 
 you are light and energy , nothing more . 
 once you see yourself as light , you can enter the body and find the worst wounds . 
 heal from the inside out . 
 the most important thing will be to first stop all bleeding , then repair damage to vital organs . 
 it is very difficult , and you are weak . 
 you will need to feed at some point . 
 jacques will return to supply you when he is done with his work . 
 you can not fail us , shea . 
 i know you can do this . 
 if you need my help , i will be in your mind . '' 
 there was no point in protesting that she could not do this thing he expected of her , somehow become light and energy . 
 she had no choice but to try . 
 gregori believed she could do it , and she had to believe it also . 
 she owed raven and her child a chance at life . 
 in any case , she was first and foremost a doctor . 
 it was in her nature to heal . 
 `` we do it together , '' gregori instructed softly , his voice a cool , soothing balm in the chaos of her mind . 
 she could feel herself respond to that beautiful pitch , the tinkle of silver , the purity of goodness . 
 shea sank to the floor beside raven 's still body , closed her eyes , and sought a calm place in her mind to center herself . 
 at first everything seemed to intrude , but somehow gregori was there with her , showing her how to adjust her thoughts and refocus . 
 first the room seemed to drop away , then time and space . 
 her heart jumped wildly at the odd sensation , but gregori 's soft chanting allowed her to remain calm and float above the earthly chaos . 
 gradually her body diminished , becoming smaller and smaller until all that remained was her soul . 
 light and energy . 
 power . 
 `` we go together . 
 keep your attention on raven and her wounds . 
 you can not think of yourself or what could happen . 
 believe in yourself . 
 if you begin to falter , reach out to me . '' 
 gregori 's powerful light seemed to bathe her soul with trust and warmth . 
 she found only the healer in him . 
 all else was pushed aside . 
 shea seemed to float above raven 's body . 
 her world narrowed until it was only the woman lying so still on the floor . 
 at first it seemed as if raven was dead , as if her life force was completely gone . 
 slowly , in her own stillness , with new awareness , shea could feel the low energy seeping from raven . 
 colors seemed to pulse around her , but they were pale and seemed to be fading . 
 `` now , mikhail , '' gregori ordered . 
 the words were spoken aloud , yet in her head . 
 shea realized she had n't seen mikhail . 
 he was somewhere with byron , holding raven alive from a distance . 
 she wanted to ask his forgiveness for allowing this to happen , but the light that was shea was already positioning herself over raven . 
 she felt mild surprise that she seemed to know what to do , but then she realized she was n't alone . 
 the ball of pure white light beside her was guiding her movements . 
 her every thought focused on raven 's body ; nothing else mattered . 
 she felt mikhail give raven the command to awaken to mortal unconsciousness . 
 blood spurted , poured from the wounds . 
 raven 's heart was loud , echoing through shea 's light . 
 she found herself streaming through the blood , white-hot heat cauterizing the worst of the wounds . 
 she worked quickly , in deep and complete concentration , to stem the flow of raven 's life force before she expired . 
 shea 's brain assessed the internal damage to each organ even as she worked . 
 the repairs were done through thought . 
 every stitch was meticulous , every extraction of bullet fragments precise and careful . 
 it was no different from operating physically , except it was more draining . 
 maintaining the level of concentration necessary for such a prolonged period was exhausting . 
 still , there was little sense of time passing . 
 just as she was in the operating room , shea was caught up in the job at hand . 
 she even felt as if she were sweating , as if a nurse should wipe her brow for her . 
 this was the world shea knew . 
 her world . 
 she had the patience to deal with extensive injuries . 
 she had the knowledge and skills . 
 more than that , she had the sheer determination . 
 she would not lose her patient if there was any possibility of success . 
 the damage was horrific . 
 shea was shocked that raven had survived as long as she had . 
 even a trauma center could not have saved her life ; there were far too many mortal injuries . 
 and the baby ... how could the baby possibly survive ? 
 gregori approached the tiny being cautiously . 
 the extent of the trauma was enormous . 
 the baby was fading as blood gushed from its mother 's body . 
 he could feel its willingness to slide away from the pain and outrage of the assault . 
 he could only hope shea would stop the bleeding quickly , as he had to concentrate on the child . 
 she was so tiny , almost nonexistent , yet he could feel her pain and her puzzlement . 
 she knew fear before she was born , knew pain , and now held forever the knowledge that life was not safe , even here in her mother 's womb . 
 gregori murmured softly , reassuringly , to her . 
 he had bathed her in his light once before , and she recognized him now , moved toward him , seeking comfort . 
 very carefully he attended to the wound in the artery that supplied her with nourishment . 
 very soon he would give her his own blood , sealing her fate , binding her ever closer to him . 
 there were several tears in the placenta , which he meticulously sealed . 
 she was afraid as his light floated closer , so he provided waves of reassurance and warmth . 
 there was a laceration in her right thigh . 
 it hurt , and blood was seeping into the fluid surrounding her . 
 with the lightest of touches he closed the wound , his touch lingering to calm her . 
 his chant , the low pitch of his voice , echoed in her heart , in her mind , invading her soul . 
 gregori talked to her as he worked , the purity of his tone beguiling her , soothing her , so that she stayed with raven rather than simply letting go , fading away with the steady trickle of blood . 
 gregori could feel the strength in her , the determination . 
 without a doubt , she was mikhail and raven 's daughter . 
 if she chose to go , she would do so , but if she chose to stay , she would fight with every breath left in her body . 
 gregori made certain she wanted to fight . 
 he whispered to her in his most beguiling voice , promised a fascinating future , lured her with the secrets and beauty of the universe awaiting her . 
 he promised her she would never be left alone ; he would be there to guide her , to protect her , to see to her happiness . 
 before he could complete his work , he felt shea tremble , felt her suddenly become aware of the pain of her own wounds . 
 reassuring the child that he would return , he worked his way out of raven 's body , taking shea with him . 
 she was swaying on her knees , so pale and drained she was gray . 
 although the injuries to her shoulder and arm were not critical , she had lost more blood than she could afford . 
 jacques was supporting her , holding her against his chest , his arms keeping her from toppling over . 
 she did n't really seem to notice , only pushed ineffectually at him . 
 `` i 'm not finished . 
 why did you bring me out , gregori ? '' 
 she protested , annoyed . 
 her one thought was to get back to her patient . 
 `` you must feed or you will not be able to continue , '' he counseled softly . 
 `` and raven needs blood . '' 
 the healer 's silver eyes went to jacques ' , and he nodded . 
 jacques thrust his mind into shea 's without hesitation , commanding that she feed . 
 she was so tired and drawn , she could barely turn up her face to the hollow of his neck . 
 at once his body clenched with her breath so warm against his skin . 
 he drew her closer , felt the scrape of her teeth , a slight nip on his neck . 
 jacques nearly groaned aloud , cursed the depth of carpathian sexuality that could send his body into hard , painful need when there was blood and death all around them . 
 shea whispered something against his pulse , something soft and sighing that invaded his body and left him hungry for her intimate touch . 
 he covered his moan of urgent need as her teeth sank into his neck . 
 hot flames danced through his bloodstream , darted along his muscles and nerves . 
 his hands found her waist , her back , cradled her head to him . 
 his body needed to sate itself with hers . 
 never had the heat been so burning and the need so great . 
 gregori 's teeth tore at his own wrist . 
 his mind merged with mikhail 's , and together they forced raven 's reluctant compliance . 
 she was still a fledging , a mere quarter of a century old , yet she was already strong . 
 it took both of them to force her to feed from other than mikhail . 
 she resisted for a moment . 
 for our child , little one , mikhail whispered softly , lovingly , bending her will to his . 
 you must do this for our child . 
 gregori added his own reinforcement . 
 i have never asked anything of you , raven , of our friendship . 
 this i ask . 
 raven pushed down her revulsion and allowed mikhail and gregori to put her into a trance so that she was able to accept the life-giving fluid that both she and her daughter needed so desperately . 
 gregori concentrated on connecting with the child . 
 it was so helpless , so tiny , so afraid . 
 a living , thinking being already . 
 he could feel the confusion and its sudden awareness of being alone . 
 he sent waves of reassurance . 
 his blood , flowing into the small body , would strengthen their bond , ensure that her chemistry would match his . 
 he had spent a lifetime preparing for this moment , the time when he would have the opportunity to choose his mate . 
 he had always known it would be a child of mikhail 's . 
 when raven had been attacked and mortally wounded years before , gregori had made certain he had supplied the blood to heal her : his ancient blood was powerful and strong , and he had sent with it the rudiments of the first bonding in the hopes that raven , a human woman , would conceive a female child . 
 now he was able to reinforce that bond , seal the child to him for all time . 
 she was bound to him , body and soul , as he was to her . 
 for the first time in centuries he felt hope . 
 and to a male carpathian on the verge of turning vampire , hope was the only thing left . 
 shea closed the wound on jacques ' neck with a sensuous stroke of her tongue , then blinked up at him with eyes slightly glazed and cloudy . 
 almost at once her expression changed , and she shoved jacques away . 
 it was n't that he had taken her free will ; she would have fed to save raven and the child . 
 it was the way he had forced her to help him kill their enemy . 
 calmly , without emotion , he had commanded it . 
 you have always known i had demons in me , red hair . 
 shea brushed a hand over her face , then shoved her wild hair aside as if to push him along with it . 
 i always thought you would behave like a man , not a wild animal wanting to kill . 
 it is in our nature to kill . 
 we are predators . 
 even if you were trying to save my life and felt you needed to kill wallace , you did not have to use me to do it so viciously . 
 go away . 
 i have work to do , and i 'm very tired . 
 jacques did not move from her side . 
 despite the rain , it was light outside . 
 even with the intense storm he was generating , the light was beginning to affect all their eyes . 
 they had very little time to finish ; soon their bodies would demand the sleep of their kind . 
 he could convince shea later that he was no monster . 
 right now his job was to protect all those present while they worked . 
 he scanned their surroundings continually . 
 he built the storm and kept it roiling and frenzied above them , making the area unsafe to travel within . 
 he supported shea 's swaying body and kept an eye on the healer , who was looking gray and gaunt . 
 what they were doing was a mystery to jacques . 
 he was proud that shea was able to perform such a miracle , and he was secretly pleased that the healer needed her help . 
 jacques knew mikhail must be worried sick and feeling helpless . 
 he had been the logical choice to take byron to the cave of healing and place him in the ground until the healer could get to him . 
 that meant that mikhail had to keep raven alive from a distance , a feat that was wearing after a time . 
 and he would want to be the one to supply his own mate with blood and protect her from further harm . 
 jacques swore softly to himself . 
 three carpathian males should never have allowed humans to fool them . 
 why had n't they detected the presence of the men nearby in the forest ? 
 why had n't the threat to raven and shea been ferreted out ? 
 he looked at shea 's arm , red and raw with open wounds , and cursed again . 
 he was sworn to protect her and keep her happy . 
 so far he had done a poor job of it . 
 how was he going to take away the trauma of this day and show her the beauty of their life together ? 
 for the first time he became aware of the body of eugene slovensky . 
 he sighed and moved away from shea to hoist the carcass onto his shoulder and toss it outside to the wolves . 
 the last thing shea would need when she finished the grueling operation was to see any grisly evidence of their kills . 
 jacques shoved a hand through his hair , suddenly realizing how tired he was . 
 everything about his relationship with shea had gone wrong . 
 he had inadvertently brought her over without her knowledge or consent . 
 he had not even helped her through the difficult process . 
 worse , he had abused her whenever his mind fragmented . 
 and now , to add to his long list of sins , he had viciously , joyously eliminated an enemy using her as his guide . 
 he was n't very good at being a husband . 
 jacques tried to use his newfound powers to search his memory for the time mikhail had brought raven over . 
 mikhail , too , had done so without her consent , without her knowledge of the existence of carpathians . 
 he had done it hastily , to save her life , and none of them , even mikhail , had known if it would work . 
 raven had been forced to learn a new way of life . 
 a slight sound sent him whirling around to face gregori , who staggered away from raven 's body . 
 shea slumped down beside the woman and did n't move . 
 the two healers appeared drained and nearly helpless . 
 `` you have need of blood , '' jacques said to gregori . 
 `` you gave raven too much . '' 
 `` she had need , '' gregori answered wearily . 
 he stretched out on the floor , one arm flung over his eyes to protect them . 
 `` allow me to provide for you . 
 i have fed well this day , '' jacques offered formally . 
 the sun was climbing steadily despite the severity of the storm . 
 `` i thank you , jacques , but i am just too damn tired . 
 this is mikhail 's old cabin . 
 find out where his chamber is hidden . '' 
 jacques tested his strength , searched for the lost connection to his brother . 
 mikhail ? 
 they are far too tired to continue . 
 you will have to guard byron , and i will take care of those here . 
 in this cabin you must have a private resting place . 
 where is it ? 
 beneath the table is a trapdoor that leads to the area under the house . 
 take care , it is not that well hidden . 
 but if the house were to be discovered or set afire , you could close the earth above you and survive . 
 the healer will not accept blood this day . 
 he is in need . 
 there was a short pause as mikhail touched gregori to assess his condition . 
 hewill survive . 
 just get them to safety . 
 feeling like a true carpathian male once-more , jacques made his way to the hidden chamber . 
 it was unusual for carpathians to share a sleeping chamber , to even allow others to know where they rested . 
 entirely vulnerable during the afternoon hours , they were cautious to conceal where they slept . 
 jacques was uneasy with the arrangement and knew the healer would be even more so . 
 with his strength waning as the sun climbed higher , jacques carefully carried raven 's broken body to the chamber below and settled her on a blanket . 
 after locking the cabin , securing the windows , and shutting off the generator , jacques swung shea 's slight body into his arms . 
 she gave a soft murmur of protest , but her arms crept up around his neck , and her body settled into his trustingly . 
 she was in a light sleep by the time he took her below to the underground chamber . 
 gregori stumbled after them , far too drained to bother with floating . 
 he lay across the entrance to the lair and remained there . 
 with jacques he uttered the words commanding the earth to close them off from the day and cast spells to safeguard them from intruders . 
 before he slipped off to sleep , he remembered the meadow with the wire strung across it and sent off a silent warning to anything that might try to venture into it . 
 later he would dismantle the dangerous traps . 
 jacques packed healing earth and saliva over shea 's wounds and then raven 's . 
 only then did he curl his body protectively around his lifemate 's before committing himself to sleep . 
 the rain continued throughout the day . 
 the precipitation was natural and fell in a steady drizzle that cast the land in a gray , depressing hue . 
 few animals ventured out under the relentless downpour . 
 the storm had been far too long , unpredictable , and dangerous . 
 around the small cabin in the woods , an uneasiness warned all life forms away from the area . 
 few humans frequented the deep forest there because of its wild lands , wild animals , and wild legends . 
 in the chamber below the earth , gregori roused himself several times , always on guard , always aware , asleep or awake , of those around him and the region surrounding them . 
 in his mind he sought the child . 
 she was brave and intelligent , a warm , living creature shedding a glow of light into his unrelenting darkness . 
 his silver eyes pierced the veil of sleep to stare up at the dirt above his head . 
 he was so close to turning , far closer than either raven or mikhail suspected . 
 he was holding on by his fingernails . 
 all feeling had left him so long ago that he could not remember warmth or happiness . 
 he had only the power of the kill and his memories of mikhail 's friendship to keep him going . 
 he turned his head to look at raven 's slight form . 
 you must live , small one . 
 you must live to save our race , to save all of mankind . 
 there is no one alive on this earth who could stop me . 
 live for me , for your parents . 
 something stirred in his mind . 
 shocked that an unborn child could exhibit such power and intelligence , he nonetheless felt its presence , tiny , wavering , unsure . 
 all the same the being was there , and he latched on to it , sheltered it close to his heart for a long while before he reluctantly allowed himself to sleep again . 
 jacques came alert the moment the sun faded from the sky . 
 gregori was already gone , racing across the sky in search of prey . 
 jacques joined him in the hunt , needing the nourishment . 
 they would be working with byron today , and that meant jacques would have to feed several times . 
 he soared across the sky , his heart pumping and the blood rushing through his veins . 
 he felt very alive . 
 we can not leave the women unguarded for long , jacques . 
 gregori 's voice shimmered in his head . 
 the vampire will be angry that his goal was not achieved . 
 jacques sent out a call across the gray sky . 
 it echoed silently for miles . 
 a small cabin tucked into a grove of trees held three hunters huddled together beside a fire . 
 he changed course immediately when he felt their presence . 
 gregori glided beside him . 
 hunting was automatic , easy , calling prey to them normal . 
 but in this instance it was more expedient to simply go where it was . 
 shea became aware of a voice . 
 she lay silently , not certain where she was . 
 for a moment it seemed as if everything was some far-off echo of a nightmare . 
 but when she studied her surroundings , she knew she was in an underground chamber . 
 beside her , raven lay like death . 
 someone had scattered earth and sweet-smelling herbs over her body . 
 cautiously , testing her strength , shea sat up and shoved impatiently at the hair spilling around her face . 
 her arm was sore and stung in so many places that it seemed like one massive ache . 
 she touched her shoulder , and her hand came away sticky with blood and dirt . 
 wincing at the contact , shea bent to examine raven . 
 there seemed to be no pulse , no heartbeat . 
 her face was white and serene , very beautiful . 
 shea sighed . 
 she looked the way jacques had every time he went to sleep . 
 unable to do anything for the other woman , shea stood up and stretched . 
 she felt uneasy without jacques and wanted to reach out to him , but she knew instinctively that he needed to feed . 
 she studied the chamber until she figured out where the entrance was . 
 first she tried to find a hidden mechanism to open it . 
 she ran her hands over every square inch . 
 feeling claustrophobic , her heart beginning to pound , she sank back and thought about it . 
 jacques would never allow her to be buried alive . 
 there had to be a way out . 
 she glared up at the dirt above her head and focused on it . 
 open right now ! 
 the picture was vivid in her mind , and the command was strong . 
 still , she was totally shocked when the earth above her parted and she could see the floorboards of the cabin . 
 excited , shea climbed out of the chamber and resealed the entrance with another sharp command . 
 feeling proud of her newfound powers , she entered the cabin using the trapdoor . 
 she needed the human act of taking a shower to give her the illusion of normalcy . 
 she doubted she would ever be able to give up her human ways entirely . 
 far away , jacques lifted his head in alarm . 
 blood gushed in a warm trail down the hunter 's neck to his shoulder . 
 cursing , jacques bent once more to feed . 
 how had shea woken without his permission ? 
 was she really so strong that she could resist his commands ? 
 she should still be asleep , yet she was outside the protection of the chamber . 
 he had to hurry . 
 shea stepped off the front porch dressed in clean clothes , her hair still damp . 
 it was impossible to find a sign of the life-and-death struggle that had taken place the morning before . 
 she could only conclude that gregori and jacques had cleaned things up . 
 it occurred to her that the carpathians had been doing so for hundreds of years and were probably experts at it . 
 the thought turned her stomach , and she wandered out under the trees . 
 the leaves collected raindrops and dumped them on her head , but she did n't mind . 
 it made her feel a part of nature . 
 she did n't want to go too far in case raven needed her protection , so she walked along the pathway to her herb garden . 
 she bent to touch a leaf , battered and bruised by the pounding storm . 
 a shadow crossed her mind , dark and sinister . 
 she found herself shivering uncontrollably . 
 she straightened quickly and whirled to face the tall , pale stranger as he emerged from the forest . 
 he was physically beautiful , breathtaking . 
 shea had never seen a more handsome man . 
 his eyes were deep set and sad , magnetic . 
 it was impossible to tell his age . 
 his smile held sorrow . 
 `` i am sorry i startled you . 
 i can hear your heart beating . '' 
 shea took an involuntary step backward , mainly because she wanted to step closer to him . 
 his pull was strong , and she felt caught in a spell . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 her voice was a whisper of wonder . 
 `` do you not know me ? 
 i have searched the length of the world for you . 
 why did you not answer my call ? '' 
 his words were mild , but they held a hiss of anger . 
 shea held her ground , but her mouth had gone dry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i do n't know you . 
 i 've never seen you before in my life . '' 
 `` you woke to my call . 
 you came here to me . 
 you are my beloved maggie . 
 if your desire was to punish me with your silence , you have done so thoroughly . 
 now you must forgive me and come away from this place and from the one whose stench is all over you . '' 
 this time , his voice dropped to a low snarl . 
 shea fought down the desire to call for jacques . 
 `` are you rand ? '' 
 he stepped closer to her , and her stomach lurched in protest . 
 `` how is it you do not know me ? 
 were you injured ? 
 has the dark one destroyed your memories and planted his own ? '' 
 shea pressed a hand into her protesting stomach and took another step into the forest to put distance between them . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why do you call jacques the dark one ? 
 i thought that expression was reserved solely for the healer . '' 
 the hiss was deadly . 
 `` he is evil , maggie . 
 he and his brother tried to destroy us . 
 i thought they had taken you from me and i was right . 
 the crazy one plotted his revenge , and he lured you to his place of death , and now you are trapped in their web of lies . '' 
 he advanced again , and , like a macabre dance partner , shea retreated . 
 was this her father ? 
 was this rand ? 
 had he really been searching for maggie , believing her alive all this time ? 
 he seemed so tormented , so sincere , she wanted to comfort him , wanted to put her arms around him and hold him , yet something held her back . 
 `` i think you 're confusing me with my mother . 
 i am shea o'halloran . 
 if you are rand , then you are my father . '' 
 `` you have been with him , maggie . 
 you know he is capable of twisting your mind , bending you to his will . 
 he placed memories in your head , memories you think are real . 
 it is not so . 
 he wanted revenge for the death of his sister . 
 they blamed me because i loved you . 
 they forced me into the ground and punished you by keeping us apart . 
 it is the truth . 
 they even took my son from me and gave him to another to raise . 
 they turned him against me so that he was loyal only to them . '' 
 everything seemed so hazy , her mind confused and sluggish . 
 he was stalking her now , following her every backward movement with a forward one , bending his head closer toward her throat . 
 she should allow him to feed , should n't she ? 
 even if she was n't maggie , she was his daughter , and he was so alone and tormented . 
 she could feel his hot breath on her neck , his will pushing at hers , his hunger beating at both of them . 
 she did n't want this . 
 what was happening to her that she was standing so still , waiting for him to take her blood , when every cell in her body shrieked at her to ran ? 
 shea ! 
 god , love , get away from him . 
 i do not know what he is doing , but you are in danger . 
 do not let him take your blood . 
 jacques ' voice was strong in her mind . 
 shea leapt away , putting distance between herself and the tall , handsome man . 
 `` you 're scaring me . '' 
 as always when emotions threatened her , she forced her brain to take over , find a way out for her . 
 `` i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
 you 're saying jacques and mikhail planned to keep us apart because you did n't love their sister ? '' 
 shea held up her hands imploringly , her large green eyes shamelessly pleading . 
 he halted a few feet from her , visibly relaxing now that she was seeking answers from him . 
 `` they believed me responsible for noelle 's death because i left her unprotected while i was with you . 
 she was murdered by slovensky and his friends . '' 
 `` did you know slovensky ? '' 
 she asked quietly , holding her breath . 
 could her father be responsible for all the deaths ? 
 could he be the vampire ? 
 `` had i ever met the man , i would have broken his neck on the spot . 
 he and he alone is responsible for noelle 's death . 
 i may not have loved her , but she bore me a child . '' 
 he tilted his head , and it was easy to get lost in his dark , mysterious eyes . 
 shea felt behind her for a solid tree trunk , needing to touch something real . 
 this was all some gigantic spider web , so sticky with intrigue that she had no idea where to turn . 
 something was n't right . 
 she was becoming confused , her mind playing tricks on her . 
 deliberately she pressed her palm into the bark of the tree in an attempt to focus on something that might break the spell he was weaving around her . 
 j am your lifemate , my love . 
 j am the one you turn to when you are afraid and in need . 
 jacques ' voice was firm , and she sensed him close by . 
 shea mentally shook herself . 
 it was like being tugged in two different directions . 
 she knew she was maggie 's daughter . 
 rand might believe what he was saying , but she knew who she was . 
 did n't she ? 
 rand gave a gentle sigh . 
 `` all of us are capable of planting memories , maggie . 
 it is reasonable to assume they would say you are your own daughter . 
 that way they would be able to say there was no chance we could be together . 
 do you not see the brilliance of such a deception , of such a revenge ? 
 it would last a lifetime . '' 
 `` a carpathian has only one lifemate . 
 i am jacques ' . '' 
 she pushed at her hair , found her hand trembling , and put it behind her back . 
 `` he has had plenty of time to work on your memories . 
 years . 
 he worked his way into your mind and then took you over . 
 do you really believe he could have lived all those years in that cellar ? '' 
 his voice was soft and reasonable . 
 her head hurt so badly , shea could barely think . 
 she closed her eyes for a moment , and when she opened them , rand had glided closer , was bending once more to her throat . 
 get away ! 
 thewords were so sharp and clear , shea scrambled away , lost her footing , and fell across a fallen log . 
 jacques was furious , and his rage was a hideous thing . 
 he dropped like a silent phantom out of the sky to reach her before rand could . 
 his fingers closed around her arm , possessive and unyielding . 
 as he helped her to her feet , he thrust her body behind his and faced her father . 
 `` what are doing , rand ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 his voice was low and ominous . 
 rand smiled gently , calmly . 
 `` and do you now kill me , too ? 
 you are a bloodthirsty one , are you not ? 
 you claim i am her father , yet you are eager to slay me . '' 
 he looked directly into shea 's eyes . 
 `` does this make sense ? '' 
 his voice was low and sad . 
 `` that he might want to destroy your father ? '' 
 `` you are deliberately trying to confuse her . '' 
 jacques ' face , worn and lined , was hardened with anger . 
 shea found herself studying its every beloved detail . 
 all at once she did n't think rand quite so handsome . 
 there seemed something sinister about his perfect good looks and his thin-lipped smile . 
 rand seemed without emotion , almost lifeless , his sorrow unreal , while jacques ' powerful form was trembling with volcanic emotion . 
 his mind was a red haze of swirling anger and fear that he might lose her , that he had inadvertently placed her in danger . 
 the rage was toward rand that he would betray his own daughter . 
 rand sighed softly and shook his head . 
 `` how easily you allow yourself to be tricked by this dark vampire . 
 your own neck holds the answers you seek . 
 the wounds there are torn and ragged . 
 who but a vampire feeds so carelessly ? 
 does a loving lifemate abuse his woman in this manner ? 
 when he killed this morning , using your innocence and your very mind and soul to aid him , was he not feeling joy ? 
 when you begged him to stop , did he not continue ? 
 and when he came to you with blood on his hands , could you not see the dark desire and hunger in his mind , in his eyes , in his body ? 
 could you not see the dark compulsion of the kill ? 
 vampires are very clever , my dear , and you have fallen under his spell . '' 
 jacques regarded the older man with black , empty eyes . 
 `` do you challenge me ? '' 
 shea gasped . 
 jacques and her father ? 
 she pressed both hands to her head . 
 she could n't stand this confrontation , being fought over like some dog 's bone . 
 she did n't even know what was true and what was n't anymore . 
 yes , you do , little red hair . 
 he is attempting to bewitch you . 
 he thought me occupied with byron . 
 he thought he could lure you from the safety of our people . 
 he will not accept a fair challenge . 
 jacques attempted to reassure her . 
 she was fighting to stay calm , but shea had suffered far too much trauma in the last few days . 
 jacques was certain rand had not only planned for that but also counted on it to sway her . 
 rand 's smile was calm . 
 `` i would not wish to cause maggie any further grief . 
 but be warned , dark one , you would be hunted and destroyed if mikhail were not your brother . 
 you have deceived and hurt this woman i love , and i will not allow you to get away with it . 
 but i would not be the cause of her further distress . '' 
 jacques bared his fangs . 
 `` i was certain you would say something of that nature . 
 you prefer to do your dirty work through trickery . '' 
 rand raised an eyebrow . 
 `` listen to him , my dear . 
 next he will be accusing me of associating with the human murderers . 
 are you going to say i tried to kill byron ? 
 what about noelle ? 
 perhaps i was responsible for what happened to you and my own son , too . 
 you are the vampire , jacques , and you are powerful enough to deceive one such as gregori . 
 i would be a fool to fight you when you are holding maggie hostage . '' 
 shea clutched at the back of jacques ' shirt . 
 `` rand , you 're wrong about him . 
 i look like maggie , but i 'm your daughter . 
 and i would know if he was truly a vampire . '' 
 rand looked at her with sad eyes . 
 `` how many times have you asked yourself what he is ? 
 did you not feel his joy in the kill ? 
 he wanted it , welcomed it , and he fed voraciously . 
 you can not deny this is so . 
 who better than jacques to set this entire thing up ? 
 noelle was his sister , and he adored her . 
 he led the others away from you and from his brother 's woman . 
 he killed the humans because they could identify him . '' 
 he bowed his head tiredly . 
 `` i can not convince you , i know this , but in time you will see that i am right . 
 tell me , maggie , did you not see me differently when he arrived ? 
 perhaps more like a villain ? 
 i wonder who projected that image to you ? 
 i doubt that i would have done so myself . '' 
 `` her mind was calmer and able to see more clearly with my presence , as you well know . 
 be gone , rand , back to the hole you crawled from . '' 
 jacques gestured , his face dark with anticipation , his body poised and ready should rand attack . 
 rand simply faded from their sight , his soft laughter sending shivers down shea 's spine . 
 instantly she stepped away from jacques , her green eyes not meeting his . 
 with gentle fingers he tipped up her chin , forcing her gaze to meet his . 
 `` i love you , shea . 
 i have no way to combat the lies he has told until we can be free of my debt to byron . 
 reserve judgment until i am able to talk this out with you . '' 
 his voice was so loving , his touch so tender , it turned her heart over . 
 she found herself drowning in the mesmerizing depth of his black eyes . 
 she wanted to do whatever he wished . 
 her body responded to his , to the tormented look of him , to the desperate hunger in him . 
 her body flared to life and called to his , going soft and pliant with anticipation . 
 her breasts ached , and she burned for his touch . 
 shea jerked her gaze away , stepped back so that his body heat could not affect hers , so that the electricity crackling and arcing between them was broken . 
 shaken , she shoved a trembling hand through her hair . 
 `` how are you going to convince me , jacques ? 
 with sex ? '' 
 he was smoldering with need , a dark hunger that never ceased . 
 once it had risen , it had grown until the urgency nearly overwhelmed him . 
 she was essentially human and could not understand , did not even know of the heat that rose between lifemates . 
 `` love , you are smart enough for the both of us . 
 you can figure out for yourself who is telling the truth . 
 rand is sick . 
 i wish it was not so , but if he truly believed you to be your mother , he would have attacked me immediately . 
 a lifemate can do no other than guard his woman . 
 that has been our way for all time . 
 no other man can be with her . 
 he is trading on your ignorance of carpathian ways . 
 i do not need to convince you of what is in my heart or of what is in yours . 
 i know i am damaged . 
 you know it , too . 
 but you would feel it if i was truly evil . 
 you would know it . 
 there would be no way i could hide it . '' 
 he held out a hand to her . 
 `` just think it through with that logical brain you have . 
 i trust you to come up with your own answer . '' 
 `` jacques . '' 
 she hesitated , wanting to touch him , needing to touch him , but afraid of being lost in the sexual lure she could n't seem to resist . 
 `` how do i know if i 'm the one thinking for myself when you 're always with me , always sharing my mind ? '' 
 `` you will have to figure that out for yourself . 
 shea . '' 
 his black eyes moved lovingly over her face . 
 `` you know me better than anyone , and i have never tried to hide anything from you . 
 if you brand me a monster , even i will believe you . '' 
 his smile was gentle and reassuring . 
 gregori was an impressive figure . 
 shea watched him as he knelt beside raven , his entire attention seemed to be concentrated on the woman lying so still . 
 `` have you attended to shea 's injuries ? '' 
 the soft inquiry startled shea . 
 he addressed jacques , asking the male , as was his irritating way . 
 `` the wounds are closing , '' jacques assured him . 
 rand drew shea alone into the woods . 
 he is the betrayer , healer . 
 i walked away from him because he is linked to shea . 
 he could make her feel whatever i did to him . 
 he is very dangerous . 
 i can not be the one to bring him to justice . 
 shea would never forgive me . 
 `` do n't do that , jacques , '' shea said with a little bite in her voice . 
 she was exasperated with him . 
 `` i know you 're talking to gregori . 
 if you have something to say , say it out loud so that i can hear you . 
 you think rand is the vampire , do n't you ? '' 
 the thought was in her mind also , and it made her feel disloyal . 
 she knew something was wrong with rand ; perhaps maggie 's death had twisted his mind so he was living in the past . 
 but something rand had said in the course of their strange conversation was niggling at her brain . 
 something she could n't put a finger on . 
 gregori passed a hand over raven 's stomach , his fingers splayed wide . 
 his touch lingered for a moment , a surprisingly tender gesture , then he turned to shea . 
 `` jacques knows his duty to you , shea . 
 this man , rand , the one who is your birth father , was never in your life . 
 hold on to what is real , not to your childhood fantasies . '' 
 `` you do n't know the first thing about my childhood , fantasy or not , '' shea snapped , goaded beyond endurance by his unruffled , superior attitude . 
 gregori definitely grated on her . 
 she suspected it was because he was always using logic . 
 she was the one who was supposed to do that . 
 `` i have my own mind , gregori , and it is a perfectly good one . 
 perhaps the first couple of times we met gave you a false impression . 
 i am not a hysterical woman who runs at the first sign of danger . 
 i do n't faint at the sight of blood , and i can make my own decisions . '' 
 `` if i gave you the idea that i thought those things of you , then i must apologize , '' gregori said gently , courteously . 
 `` it is not my impression of you at all . 
 you have much courage , and you are a natural healer , but you have little knowledge of our way of life . 
 it takes much to maintain proper health . 
 you have the human aversion to taking blood , as raven does . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` i am well aware i have a problem in that area . 
 in my own time i will deal with it . 
 but there are other much more important things going on at the moment . '' 
 beside her jacques stirred as if to protest , but he remained silent . 
 `` that is where you are wrong . 
 nothing is more important , '' gregori replied , his voice velvet soft , a whisper of power . 
 `` your health is essential to every member of our race . 
 you are a woman . 
 you are able to create life within you . 
 you represent hope to every male who has no lifemate . '' 
 `` i have no intention of bringing a child into the world . '' 
 there was complete silence . 
 gregori turned the full force of his silver gaze onto her face . 
 his eyes slashed and burned through every barrier until she felt as if he could see every secret in her soul . 
 he let out his breath slowly . 
 `` i understand why you would feel this way now , shea . 
 what was done to you was an abomination . 
 i see the pain in you at this decision . 
 if you can find it in yourself to wait for jacques to heal completely before you give up such an important dream , i believe you will find that our race loves and cherishes our children , knowing them for the treasures they are . 
 it is the same way we feel about our women . '' 
 `` is that why rand abandoned my mother ? 
 is that why he allowed someone else to raise his own son ? 
 or are only female children cherished by your race ? '' 
 gregori sighed . 
 `` all of our children , male and female , are loved and protected , shea . 
 i do not understand rand , i never have . 
 at the moment i believe he is very dangerous , and something has to be done about him . 
 in the meadow he set up wires murderous not only to our kind but to humans and animals as well . 
 i spent some time dismantling his traps . 
 he can not be allowed to continue this mad behavior . 
 you know it , you just do not want to face it . '' 
 `` just like that ? 
 you can pass judgment on him and not even know for certain ? 
 how can you be sure it 's him ? '' 
 shea found herself twisting her fingers together , trying to find a way out for her father . 
 she remembered all too vividly his breath on her neck , but she pushed the memory away quickly , feeling disloyal again . 
 `` because none of us felt his presence in the forest , '' jacques answered her gently . 
 a shadow in her mind , he could clearly see the conflict between her brain and her emotions . 
 `` only you felt him , shea . 
 he was able to wake you despite my command to sleep . 
 he deliberately lured you into the forest and tried to take your blood to strengthen his hold on you . '' 
 `` maybe he 's ill . 
 maybe he 's confused . 
 he could have forced me . 
 why did n't he force me , jacques ? 
 he certainly could have , '' she pointed out . 
 `` he 's quite a bit stronger than me , and i felt as if i was in a dreamlike state . 
 why did n't he simply force me , if he 's really a vampire ? '' 
 `` because a lifemate can not be forced to choose . 
 it must be a true choice . 
 otherwise a true bond is not formed . 
 he knows that . '' 
 jacques reached out to her . 
 `` it is ingrained in him , imprinted before birth . '' 
 shea stepped away from him , rubbed at her throbbing temples . 
 `` why is everything with you people so darned complicated , jacques ? 
 nothing like this ever happened to me while i was human . '' 
 `` you were half-human , shea , '' jacques reminded her gently , `` and you know you were in danger even then . 
 your mother had the presence of mind to hide you from the fanatical society that was pursuing you . '' 
 shea shivered and rubbed her arms to warm herself . 
 `` i just wish we could go somewhere , jacques , and sort all this out . 
 i need to find a way to forgive you for using me to kill those men . '' 
 mikhail 's form shimmered into solidity right before shea 's eyes , nearly stopping her heart . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` i must thank you for returning my love to me . 
 without her , my life would be worthless . 
 you are a great asset to our people . 
 it is unfortunate that you have been cast into our world without any preparation to make the transition easier . 
 these are hard times for all of us . '' 
 he touched her arm gently . 
 `` please forgive us for using you to stop slovensky and wallace . 
 we could not allow them to kill raven or snatch you , as was their intention . 
 raven could not help us , so we turned to you . 
 it was wrong to use you without your consent , but time did not allow the luxury of asking your permission . 
 your lifemate could do no other than protect your life , and from that distance it is impossible to do anything without seeing through another 's eyes . '' 
 mikhail was eloquent and sincere , and shea could not be angry with him . 
 she sighed and bit her lower lip . 
 `` i wish it had n't happened that way , mikhail , but i 'm glad raven is alive . '' 
 `` i do not understand how those two humans were able to disguise their presence from us . 
 i monitored raven continually , '' mikhail said . 
 `` the two of you should never have been in any danger . 
 i scanned the surroundings ; gregori scanned , as did jacques . 
 a vampire might be able to confuse us , but certainly the humans could not . '' 
 `` i , too , scanned . '' 
 raven stirred weakly , her voice a thin thread . 
 `` i detected no danger to us , yet shea was uneasy and certain we were not alone almost from the beginning . 
 i dismissed her fears , thinking her separation from jacques the cause . '' 
 `` it was only shea who could detect the vampire in the woods , '' jacques said . 
 shea found herself the center of attention . 
 instinctively she moved toward jacques . 
 he wrapped an arm around her waist , his body protective toward hers . 
 `` i know you 're all thinking it was rand . 
 i do n't want it to be him . 
 i want to have a family . '' 
 `` you have a family , '' mikhail said gently . 
 `` i am your family . 
 raven is your family . 
 our child will be , and of course you have jacques . 
 someday you will have children . '' 
 he sent a slight grin in gregori 's direction . 
 `` you can even claim the healer as family . 
 we do , although he dislikes it intensely . 
 we are together , and we are close . 
 these past several days are not a real example of what our existence is like . 
 we are under attack , and must defend ourselves . 
 most of the time our life is much like that of the human world . 
 do not judge us by recent days . 
 these are exceptional times . '' 
 `` maybe byron can tell us who betrayed him , '' shea suggested desperately . 
 `` ca n't we wait for what he has to say before we condemn rand ? '' 
 what was it that bothered her so much ? 
 and what was it rand said had ? 
 jacques held her close . 
 `` no one wants it to be rand , little red hair , and you can be assured no one will act without certain proof . '' 
 shea knew he was seeking to reassure her , even as he believed implicitly that her father was the betrayer . 
 some part of her knew it to be true . 
 away from rand , she was able to see things more clearly . 
 he was n't just a man confused and tormented by her mother 's death . 
 he could be a calculating , cold killer . 
 shea closed her eyes , unable to face where her thoughts were going . 
 jacques could not be the one to take rand 's life . 
 he just could n't . 
 warmth flooded her mind , and his arm tightened protectively around her . 
 there is no need for me to hunt rand should he prove to be the vampire preying on our people . 
 the others can take care of it . 
 we can go far from this place if that is your desire , my love . 
 if rand was the vampire , the betrayer , jacques would have more reason than anyone to want to ruthlessly destroy him . 
 yet she could not bear the idea . 
 thank you , jacques . 
 i do n't want you to be the one to take his life if it really comes to that . 
 let us go to byron , and i will do as i promised . 
 then we will find a place to rest . 
 shea nodded , her head brushing his chest . 
 she could hear the reassuring beat of his heart , feel the heat in his body rising to meet hers . 
 he was solid and real , and she owed it to both of them to take things slowly and make rational decisions . 
 right at this moment , shea was not certain she was capable of such a thing . 
 her brilliant brain seemed to be malfunctioning lately . 
 `` we go to byron , healer - do you follow ? '' 
 jacques asked . 
 gregori reluctantly left raven to mikhail . 
 a woman could not be possibly be claimed before her eighteenth birthday . 
 every moment of the healer 's existence would be an endurance test , living in hell until the child came of age . 
 he would hunt and feed and resist the kill unless he was called on to dispense justice . 
 that would be the most dangerous of all times , walking away from the power of taking a life . 
 and somewhere , close by , rand was waiting . 
 as gregori turned to follow jacques and shea , mikhail stopped him . 
 `` could the humans have found some kind of chemical to cloak their presence from us ? 
 if they have done so , we are all in grave danger , and we must move to meet this new threat . '' 
 `` anything is possible , but it is more likely the vampire is using a shadow spell . 
 it is ancient and all but forgotten . 
 i came across it in the lost book of shallong . 
 he buried it with his evil tokens in the mountain of souls . 
 i thought no other had dared to travel there . '' 
 gregori glanced after shea to assure himself she was out of hearing . 
 `` it is entirely possible , '' gregori continued , `` even probable , that rand rose more then seven years ago , found shea 's mother already dead , and turned . 
 in his hatred he would blame you and jacques . 
 he could have studied the ancient arts and returned to lead slovensky and his nephew to kill our people seven years ago . 
 none of us knew he had risen , so he was never a suspect . 
 jacques thought he knew the betrayer , was close to him at one time . 
 rand was his family through noelle . '' 
 `` do you believe rand would have his own son tortured , mutilated ? '' 
 `` noelle 's son , mikhail . 
 if rand is as twisted as i suspect , he was the one who aided the humans in their murders seven years ago . 
 we are all in danger , particularly jacques . 
 the only one who might escape death is shea , and she would suffer greatly . '' 
 `` he knows we will hunt him now . 
 he will try to run . '' 
 gregori shook his head . 
 `` no , he has worked too hard for revenge . 
 this is hatred , mikhail . 
 he lives to kill , and we are the ones he must seek . 
 he will stay here and continue to try to lure shea to him . '' 
 `` you will warn jacques . '' 
 `` there is no need . 
 jacques knows . 
 he will keep shea close to him . 
 jacques is dangerous , mikhail . 
 you persist in thinking him the younger brother you need to protect . 
 he has grown to great power . 
 rand will underestimate him . 
 he does not recognize the monster he himself created . '' 
 `` i am not certain i like you referring to my brother as a monster . '' 
 there was a trace of humor in mikhail 's voice . 
 `` you should hear what i call you behind your back , '' gregori said , even as his arms spread to accommodate the wings forming . 
 mikhail 's laughter echoed as the bird soared into the night sky . 
 the cave of healing was smaller than most of the other chambers in the maze of underground tunnels . 
 the soil was rich , dark , and fertile . 
 it smelled pleasant , with the aroma of herbs mixed with the natural fragrance of the earth . 
 shea 's hand found jacques ' back pocket and slipped inside , a link between them as they surveyed the extent of byron 's injuries . 
 shea felt a helpless sense of deja vu . 
 smith and wallace had not had as much time to torture him as they had jacques , but nevertheless his body was blackened with burns and covered with cuts . 
 shea found jacques ' hand , twisted her fingers in his , hardly daring to look at him . 
 the sight of byron 's tortured body must bring back such hideous memories . 
 she attempted to be cheerful . 
 `` well , at least they 're consistent in what kind of damage they do . 
 so we know i can help him , based on past experience . '' 
 jacques did not want her touching the other man . 
 the emotion was sharp and ugly and overwhelming . 
 loathing himself , jacques took a deep breath and let it out , instinctively placing his large frame between byron and his lifemate . 
 shea touched his face with gentle fingers . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 her voice was so beautiful , so clear and cool and soothing , that jacques wanted to cringe from the truth , ashamed , but he could not lie to her . 
 `` i do not know . 
 only that i can not bear for you to touch him . 
 god , shea , i hate myself for this , but you can not . '' 
 his hands cupped her face , his black eyes filled with sorrow . 
 `` you can not do this . '' 
 `` what do you think will happen if i touch this man ? 
 do you believe rand 's stories now ? 
 do you think you influenced me somehow , and our chemistry is not real ? '' 
 `` i only know that if you touch this man , i will not be in control . 
 the demon in me will rise , and my mind will shatter into so many fragments , i will never be able to put myself back together . '' 
 shea could feel his loathing for his unreasonable jealousy , his fear that she would ignore his plea and something terrible would happen . 
 she realized she still knew precious little of carpathian ways , that jacques was edgy and more animal than man at that moment . 
 her fingers curled around his arm , and she smiled up at him . 
 `` i guess we wait for the healer . '' 
 jacques could feel the tension drain from his body . 
 `` it might be the best idea . '' 
 shea reached up to trail her fingertips over his neck . 
 the massage was suggestive and reassuring at the same time . 
 he reacted by crushing her to him , his mouth hard and dominating as he captured hers . 
 he kissed her possessively , his body as demanding as his mouth . 
 `` i need you right now , shea . 
 my body is going up in flames , and i hurt like hell . 
 we have to be alone soon or i might die . '' 
 her laughter was muffled against his chest . 
 `` no one has ever died because they wanted to make love . '' 
 but she was n't sure . 
 her own body was burning and begging for the connection to his . 
 gregori suddenly materialized , made a soft , sighing noise , and sent them a clear frown . 
 like guilty children they broke apart . 
 the healer spoke . 
 `` he will be weak , jacques . 
 he may even attempt to resist you . 
 he is close to turning and has been for some time . 
 tell him of raven 's child , of your belief that shea might be able to provide a female child . '' 
 gregori gave the advice softly . 
 `` you must take control of him . 
 i felt his resistance to our intervention . '' 
 jacques nodded . 
 he wished shea away from byron ; and she moved to the end of the chamber , reading his mind . 
 he sent her thanks and turned his attention to his former friend . 
 shea watched him , feeling suddenly proud of him . 
 he might not be able to bear her touching another man yet , but he did n't like himself very much for it . 
 and she could sense his determination to save byron . 
 she knew he could not bring himself to lie to her in order to make himself look good in her eyes . 
 he did n't try to hide his darker side from her but rather wanted her to find a way to love him in spite of it . 
 and she did . 
 she might not understand , but she loved all of him . 
 he did n't run from the things he had to do . 
 he faced the demon in himself every day . 
 it had all happened so fast , one thing after the other . 
 shea had taken a long time to assimilate all the information , but the one consistent thing was the way jacques was with her . 
 he was honest about everything , even his terrible need of her . 
 byron groaned , bringing her attention to the men bending over him . 
 gregori was as still as a statue , his concentration completely on the ravaged body . 
 jacques was forcing his wrist to byron 's mouth . 
 shea 's stomach lurched , but she did n't look away . 
 byron resisted , his eyes imploring . 
 `` you must take my blood . 
 the women are safe ; the trap you warned us of failed . '' 
 jacques ' low voice seemed to be notes of music dancing in the air . 
 shea merged with him to increase his strength . 
 she could feel jacques ' surprise as her will joined with his to force byron 's compliance . 
 `` mikhail 's woman carries a female child , '' jacques said softly . 
 `` shea is from the human race and capable of providing female children . 
 there is hope now for a future , byron . 
 we want you to join with us to find those human women of psychic ability our people need . 
 you can not throw your life away . 
 what if , through our bond of friendship and blood , you are the lifemate to my daughter ? 
 what would become of our child ? 
 take what is freely offered , old friend , and save yourself . 
 you are strong . 
 you will endure while we rebuild our race . '' 
 byron looked into jacques ' black eyes for a long time , seeking something he evidently found . 
 he closed his mouth over the offered wrist and drank willingly . 
 for the first time , shea did not find the act repulsive . 
 there was something beautiful in the way jacques gave his blood so freely to byron . 
 it was far more personal than the way humans donated blood . 
 her body clenched with hot desire , and without thinking she bathed jacques ' mind in her heat . 
 she saw his body hunch , as if someone had physically punched him . 
 guilt stirred for a moment , but then he was stroking her throat , his mental touch every bit as exciting in her state of arousal as his physical one . 
 gregori straightened up slowly and inhaled sharply , turned to glare at jacques . 
 take your woman and find a place away from us . 
 you know how dangerous carpathian men can be at such a time . 
 see to your needs , jacques . 
 i have little memory of these parts . 
 if you recall , our home was invaded , and the vampire knows where it is . 
 go deeper into the earth . 
 the cave continues until you find the very core , the hot springs . 
 you will be safe there . 
 and alone . 
 and byron ? 
 he can not speak . 
 as yours was , his voice is paralyzed . 
 i doubt if he can recall his betrayer . 
 i will put him in the ground to heal . 
 and i will seek out rand . 
 our prince has passed sentence upon such a betrayer . 
 make no mistake i will make certain he is the one before i destroy him . 
 jacques reached down and touched byron 's shoulder . 
 `` go to the sleep of our earth , byron . 
 i will return each day to see that you are fed and your wounds are healing . 
 do you trust me to do this ? '' 
 byron nodded wearily and closed his eyes . 
 he welcomed the solace of the healing earth . 
 already the blood was flowing through his veins , giving him strength to heal . 
 he felt better knowing he had somehow warned the others of the trap the vampire had set . 
 he had been used to lure the men away from the women . 
 the vampire had even whispered to him of the plan to sacrifice smith while slovensky and his nephew killed raven and took shea . 
 the earth opened , and his weightless body floated into the cradle . 
 all around him the rich soil reached out for him , welcomed him . 
 he gave himself up to sleep and earth . 
 jacques nodded in a slight salute to gregori and reached out to shea . 
 the moment his fingers closed around hers , the electricity arced sharply and cleanly between them . 
 he pulled her out of the chamber and into the tunnel . 
 to her horror , instead of going back up toward the forest , jacques drew her down toward the very bowels of the earth . 
 the tunnel was wide enough that they could walk together , but she did n't move fast enough to suit him . 
 with every step he took , jacques ' body became tighter and more painful . 
 his breath was corning in hoarse gasps . 
 he swung her into his arms and raced down the tunnel 's twists and turns . 
 `` what are you doing , jacques ? '' 
 half laughing , half concerned , shea held on tightly , her slender arms around his neck . 
 `` i am getting us to a place where we can be alone . '' 
 he was decisive about it . 
 he had wanted her for hours , for days , for a lifetime . 
 he had to have her this minute . 
 shea buried her face in the hollow of his shoulder , her body responding to the urgency in his voice , to his labored breathing and rapid heartbeat . 
 her mouth touched his pulse , her breath warming his skin . 
 she felt him shiver with awareness and gently probed the spot with the tip of her tongue . 
 `` mmm , you taste good . '' 
 `` damn it , shea , i swear if you keep that up , we will not make it to the springs . '' 
 `` i never heard of any springs , '' she murmured absently , stroking the beating pulse again , her teeth playfully nipping . 
 her mouth wandered farther up his neck to his ear . 
 `` hot springs . 
 it is only a little way farther , '' he groaned , but he leaned his head toward her attentions . 
 her hand slipped down the front of his shirt , played with his buttons , slowly sliding them open so that her palm could rest on his hot skin . 
 `` i think you 're hot enough , jacques , '' she whispered wickedly into his ear , caressing his earlobe with her tongue . 
 `` i know i am . '' 
 he stopped , leaned against the curved wall , and allowed her feet to touch the ground . 
 there were no words to describe the hunger , the urgency of his body , or the chaos of his mind . 
 he bent over her , forcing her slender body backward as he took control of her mouth . 
 his hand spanned her throat , tipping up her chin for better access . 
 shea experienced a curious shifting of the earth beneath her feet . 
 colors whirled in her head , and flames licked at her body . 
 she could hardly bear the feel of clothes against her sensitive skin . 
 her breasts swelled and ached , her nipples pushing into the material covering them . 
 jacques was on fire , his jeans so tight , he could no longer breathe . 
 he tore at them , freed his body from the restrictive fabric and ripped at the cotton covering hers . 
 `` i have to have you right now , shea , '' he said hoarsely . 
 his hands were everywhere , cupping her firm breasts , his thumbs caressing , arousing , bringing her nipples to peaks of temptation . 
 his teeth scraped the vulnerable line of her throat , followed the path lower to the creamy swell of her breasts . 
 at shea 's quick indrawn breath he feasted , hungry and aching with need . 
 his hands bit into her small waist as he held her still . 
 her cotton top gaped open , giving him glimpses of her narrow ribcage . 
 she was making little wild , husky noises that only added to his frenzy . 
 `` you 're out of control , wild man , '' shea whispered softly , her hands urging him on . 
 they were a living flame , heating the very air around them . 
 jacques yanked at her jeans , dragged her to the ground , his body covering hers as he did so . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 his hands pinned her hips , lifted her so that he could drive forward , burying himself deep . 
 the pleasure was somewhere between exquisite and pain , relief and pure joy . 
 she was so hot and ready , clenching at him , surrounding him with fiery velvet . 
 he felt her mouth against the heavy muscles of his chest , her breath , her soft little murmur of wonder . 
 his body tightened in response , moved faster and deeper . 
 white-hot heat spread , piercing pain that moved to sweet ecstasy as her teeth found his pulse . 
 he flowed into her ; sensual and spicy , his body taking possession of hers in the dominant way of his kind . 
 wild . 
 hungry . 
 urgent . 
 he moved slower , faster , deep and shallow . 
 they connected in every way , their hearts and souls flying free . 
 he never wanted to leave her body , a haven of pleasure that would last an eternity . 
 his heart was pounding , his brain whirling with erotic indulgence . 
 his fangs exploded into his mouth , needing all of her . 
 even as she fed , he bent his dark head and took possession of her neck . 
 shea cried out as his teeth sank deep , as his body surged into hers , as the friction grew and colors danced . 
 her tongue stroked across his chest , and she caught at him for an anchor as he took them soaring into the night . 
 jacques ' arms wrapped her tightly , his body penetrated hers deeply , his muscles welded to hers so perfectly , minds and hearts met like halves of the same whole . 
 it was impossible to tell where one started and the other left off . 
 he caught her mouth in his , sharing their life force as they fell over the edge and tumbled through time and space . 
 shea lay spent in his arms , aware of nothing but the beauty and peace of their surroundings . 
 the earth beneath her felt welcoming and soft , the curving tunnel above like a sanctuary for them . 
 jacques ' body , muscled and hard , was a welcome anchor in the turbulent storm of their lovemaking . 
 for once , her hunger was sated . 
 in the heat of the moment she had fed well , taking what jacques so freely offered . 
 she realized this was what he had meant when he told her that there were ways to get around her dislike of their feeding habits . 
 she brushed a hand lovingly over the well-defined muscles of his back , inhaled their combined scents . 
 for the first time in days , she felt real peace . 
 jacques held her close , grateful that the urgency and painful ache had left his body . 
 he lifted his head and stroked back her hair in a tender caress . 
 `` we did not make it to the pools . '' 
 `` what pools ? '' 
 her voice was drowsy and sensual from his lovemaking . 
 his heart turned over , and his body tightened in anticipation . 
 `` the tunnel leads to hot springs , a beautiful spot where we can rest for a time . 
 i was taking you there when you seduced me . '' 
 shea laughed softly . 
 `` is that what i did ? 
 if all it takes is opening your shirt , we 're in for a wild time together . '' 
 jacques nuzzled the warmth of her neck , lazily slid his attentions lower to the invitation of her full breasts . 
 `` do you have any idea how beautiful you are ? '' 
 `` no , but you can tell me if you want , '' she encouraged , circling his neck with her slender arms . 
 she closed her eyes , savoring the feeling he was inducing with his tongue caressing her nipple . 
 `` i do love you . '' 
 he said it suddenly , raising his head so his black eyes could meet her startled green ones . 
 `` i mean it , shea . 
 i do not just need you , i love you . 
 i know everything about you , i have been in your head , shared your memories , shared your dreams and your ideas . 
 i know you think i need you and that is why i am with you , but it is much more than that . 
 i love you . '' 
 he grinned unexpectedly , traced her lower lip with the tip of a finger . 
 `` what is more , i know you love me . 
 you hide it from yourself , but i found it in a little corner , tucked away in your mind . '' 
 shea stared up at the teasing smile on his face , then pushed at the solid wall of his chest . 
 `` you 're making that up . '' 
 jacques moved off her , then reached down to pull her to her feet . 
 his clothes were scattered everywhere , and he made no move to retrieve them . 
 shea 's shirt was still hanging open , and her jeans were down around her ankles . 
 blushing , she pulled them up . 
 his hands stayed hers , preventing her from fastening them . 
 `` do not bother , shea . 
 the pools are just ahead . '' 
 he walked a few feet , then looked back over his shoulder . 
 `` i did not make it up , and i know you are staring at my backside . '' 
 shea tossed her mane of red hair so that it flew in all directions . 
 `` any woman in her right mind would stare at your particular backside , so you do n't need to add that to your arrogant list of virtues . 
 and stay out of my mind unless you 're invited . '' 
 she was staring , but she could n't help it . 
 he was so beautifully masculine . 
 jacques reached behind him and captured her hand , lacing their fingers together . 
 `` but i find the most interesting things in your mind , my love . 
 things you do not have any intention of telling me . '' 
 shea could hear a sound now . 
 not the drip of water seeping from the earth into the tunnel , but a dull roar that began to boom louder with every step they took . 
 she looked carefully around her , afraid the roof of the cave might come crashing down . 
 jacques tugged on her hand , urging her forward . 
 around the next bend he ducked into a small entrance , and shea reluctantly followed him . 
 the moment she straightened again , the sight nearly took her breath away . 
 the room was huge , with rock crystals lining the walls , sparkling in the steamy chamber . 
 pools tiered one another , separated only by symmetrical rock walls . 
 steam rose from the various pools , giving the chamber an ethereal appearance . 
 a long , steady fall of frothy water tumbled down the far wall into the deepest pool . 
 large boulders and long , flat rocks divided the pools , forming natural berths for sitting or lying down . 
 shea stared at the underground paradise in awe . 
 `` this is so beautiful . 
 how come no one knows about it ? '' 
 jacques laughed softly . 
 `` you mean humans ? '' 
 he turned to her , cupped the back of her neck , and bent to take possession of her mouth because he had to do it . 
 she was far too tempting with her disheveled clothes , wild hair , and look of bemusement . 
 shea 's body instantly went pliant and soft , melding with his harder , more muscular frame . 
 her mouth was hot and inviting , her breasts pressing into his bare stomach . 
 jacques lifted his head , his thumb trailing over her lip , her throat , to the tip of her right breast . 
 `` these caves are deep and go on for miles . 
 it is easy to get lost and simply disappear . 
 few humans come near this place . 
 it has a reputation of being dangerous . '' 
 his hand caressed her soft skin . 
 `` take off your jeans . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` i can see it is dangerous . 
 now , why would i want to do something that is obviously going to get me in big trouble ? '' 
 his hand stroked her waist , traced each rib under her satin skin . 
 he could feel her tremble in answer . 
 `` because i want you to . 
 because you want to please me . '' 
 shea laughed out loud , her eyebrows winging upward . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 that 's what i want to do ? '' 
 he nodded solemnly . 
 `` above all else . '' 
 she moved away from him , deliberately enticing him . 
 `` i see . 
 i did n't know that . 
 thank you for pointing it out . '' 
 `` you are welcome , '' he countered gravely , his eyes following her every movement . 
 shea was graceful and seductive , a siren beckoning him to follow . 
 his body stirred , and ruefully he decided the pools might be a safer place to watch her . 
 he entered the nearest hot springs , wincing as the bubbles added to the sensation of fingers stroking his sensitive skin . 
 her taunting laughter followed him , brushing provocatively at his nerve endings with the very tip of a flame . 
 shea felt an unexpected rush of power . 
 jacques was such an invincible being , yet she could see his body trembling , hear his heart beating even over the roar of the falls . 
 all for her . 
 deliberately she slid her jeans low , exposing her slender body , the fiery red triangle beckoning him , teasing him . 
 her shirt floated to the ground , and she lifted her arms skyward , a seductress tempting the heavens . 
 jacques ' body tightened in anticipation . 
 his black gaze did n't miss one graceful sway , not one rhythmic movement of her shapely form . 
 shea waded into the pool slowly , allowed the bubbling water to lap at her body like a sensuous tongue . 
 she moved out into the middle of the water and finally slipped under the surface like a sleek , gleaming otter . 
 jacques sat on the edge of a rock , his legs under the water , bubbles lapping around his hips . 
 he watched her swim toward him , away , her body flashing in the water , breaking the surface , disappearing once again . 
 shea 's head emerged , her green eyes enormous as they moved over his body . 
 he was utterly still , as if carved from the very stone itself . 
 his muscles were etched and defined , and his body was ready and aggressive . 
 a small smile touched the corners of her mouth . 
 she swam toward him slowly . 
 `` so you think i want to please you . '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 the word came out a low growl . 
 he was finding it hard to breathe . 
 she smiled at him , a sexy , provocative , very feminine promise . 
 `` you 're right , i do want to please you . 
 but how do i know you have n't done your hypnotic thing on me , and it 's all your idea , not mine ? '' 
 he had to reach for his voice , and when he found it , it was gravel . 
 `` i would not mind hypnotizing you to do my bidding , but somehow i think you can please me without such help . '' 
 he was finding it difficult to think straight , his mind a cloud of erotic desire . 
 water lapped at his hips as she moved closer . 
 her breasts brushed his legs , sending ripples of fire through his bloodstream . 
 she pushed against his knees so that he was forced to open them to accommodate her . 
 her chin nudged his lap . 
 `` i have to think of the best way i might please you . 
 you have all sorts of interesting ideas running around in your head . 
 i need to find the best one , do n't you think ? '' 
 her breath was warm silk , breathing more life into his rigid body . 
 her tongue caught a drop of water , savored it . 
 jacques groaned at the pleasure shooting through him . 
 his legs circled her naked body , drawing her close so that her soft mouth was level with the throbbing velvet tip thrusting toward her . 
 deliberately he inched his body forward . 
 bubbles frothed and burst around him ; her hair washed over his legs , tangled around him , weaving them closer together . 
 he found he was holding his breath , no longer able to get air . 
 the touch of her mouth was like hot silk . 
 jacques ' mind seemed to dissolve , his body trembled , and his heart exploded in his chest . 
 he felt as if his very insides were coming apart . 
 his body was no longer his own , no longer under his control . 
 shea was playing him like a musical instrument , all throbbing notes and building passion . 
 he could only watch her helplessly , ensnared in her web of beauty and love . 
 he caught her head in his hands , bunching wet hair in his fists . 
 no one , nothing , in all the long centuries had prepared him for the intensity of emotion she brought out in him . 
 he knew what it meant to know he would gladly die for someone . 
 jacques ' thumb raised her chin so that her green eyes met his black gaze , so that she could easily see into his soul . 
 for all his faults , for all his clumsy handling of their relationship , she had to see what he really felt inside . 
 he lifted her easily into his arms , holding her close , holding her with exquisite tenderness , cradling her with leashed strength , wanting her to be sheltered for all time within his heart . 
 his mouth moved over her satin skin collecting little beads of water . 
 `` love me back , shea , love me like this . 
 you are the air i breathe . 
 do not be afraid of this . '' 
 his hands shaped her slender form to the hardness of his , caressed every line of her body , found every secret shadow and hollow . 
 as he lifted her closer , water poured from her body onto his , hot and steamy . 
 her mouth was at his throat - small , loving kisses designed to drive him wild . 
 he was gentle and tender this time , taking his time , enjoying his ability to touch her , to take her whenever they wanted , however they wanted . 
 water splashed up all around them ; bubbles frothed and burst . 
 steam enveloped them , wrapping their bodies like a blanket . 
 jacques stirred languidly . 
 he did n't want to move , but hunger was growing , and he needed nourishment desperately . 
 he had to sustain shea , byron , and his own healing body . 
 he would have to feed often to keep up with the demand . 
 he carefully unwound his body from shea 's . 
 she moaned softly , and her long eyelashes lifted . 
 `` you ca n't possibly want more . '' 
 he had made love to her often and thoroughly throughout the last few hours . 
 she was n't altogether certain she could move . 
 he ran a teasing finger down her flat stomach . 
 `` i always want more . 
 insatiable is the word . '' 
 he sighed and reluctantly stood and stretched . 
 `` i want you to stay here while i go feed . 
 you will be safe . '' 
 one eyebrow lifted . 
 `` how do you know that ? 
 do n't all carpathians know of this place ? 
 i should go with you . '' 
 she wanted to keep him safe from any harm . 
 if rand was the vampire , he hated jacques above all others . 
 jacques made certain no expression showed on his face . 
 shea had the illusion she was still taking care of him . 
 her protective streak sent unexpected warmth flowing through him . 
 he loved that in her . 
 he was n't stupid enough to give away his knowledge that she would n't harm a fly . 
 `` if you made the effort to learn how to scan , you would know if any carpathians were in the vicinity . 
 because we are here , no others would invade our privacy , '' he said gruffly . 
 `` the vampire can cloak himself , or have you forgotten ? '' 
 she asked suspiciously . 
 `` i think it is more likely that you are going out hunting . '' 
 jacques ruffled her hair gently . 
 `` i am going to feed , little red hair . 
 it is not my job to hunt the vampire . 
 gregori has been chosen for that . 
 i do not envy him the job . 
 as for the vampire bothering you , i can find no trace of him when i scan , and you display no uneasiness . 
 stay here and wait for me . 
 i already know where i can find food . 
 it will take only minutes . '' 
 shea glared up at him . 
 `` you had better not be deceiving me . '' 
 `` it is impossible for lifemates to lie to one another . '' 
 he stretched again and bent to kiss her upturned face . 
 `` do not wander off , shea . 
 and stay in touch with me . 
 i do not want any nasty surprises when i return . 
 in any case , if you stay in touch with me , you will see that i am telling the truth . 
 i go only to feed . '' 
 she stretched out beside the hot springs and dangled her fingers idly in the water . 
 her body was pleasantly sore . 
 the truth was , she did n't want to move . 
 `` all right , wild man , but it is n't me who 's constantly finding trouble . 
 and if you run into rand , just leave . '' 
 she turned over , completely oblivious of offering up her body to him . 
 `` he may be my biological father , and like any child i may have had my fairy-tale fantasies about the perfect daddy , but i do n't want you to take any chances . 
 i 've been thinking a lot about this . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 he encouraged , wanting her to sort it out for herself . 
 `` the reason i can feel the vampire even though he can cloak himself . 
 the reason i felt the humans when raven could n't . '' 
 `` we should have been able to detect them , '' jacques said , inviting her to tell him more . 
 he hunkered down beside her . 
 shea had an exceptional brain , and , given sufficient time , he knew she would be able to put her emotions aside and contribute much to the solution to their problems . 
 `` blood . 
 is n't that how everything works ? 
 all the bonds and mental telepathy ? 
 do n't you track each other through blood exchanges ? 
 is n't that why the men rarely exchange blood ? 
 rand has n't exchanged with any of you , has he ? '' 
 jacques shook his head . 
 `` no , he was very careful never to do such a thing . 
 but then , he had a lifemate . 
 he did not need to share ; and there was no chance of his turning . '' 
 `` but noelle was n't really his lifemate , was she ? 
 he always knew it , even if no one else did . 
 later , perhaps , you all realized he could n't be her true lifemate , but he had already established a habit of never exchanging blood . 
 he knew there was always the chance he might turn , so he protected himself . '' 
 shea felt she was redeeming her mother . 
 `` maggie was his lifemate . 
 mikhail told us rand had risen only a couple of years ago and kept to himself . 
 that was after the vampire murders had taken place . '' 
 `` if that is so , then rand could not possibly be the guilty one . '' 
 `` if it is so . 
 suppose he had risen before that time and found my mother dead . 
 you said a widowed lifemate normally chooses death . 
 what happens if they do n't ? 
 what happens if they keep existing ? '' 
 there was silence as jacques digested what she was saying . 
 `` mikhail thought rand would be all right because noelle was not his true lifemate . 
 but if maggie had been , and she was already dead when he rose , then he would turn . 
 yet he had his son . 
 he may have stayed to protect him . '' 
 he inhaled sharply . 
 `` but to be able to weave a cloaking spell ... there are only a few with that kind of power . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 shea prompted . 
 `` mikhail is the oldest living carpathian . 
 gregori is only a quarter of a century younger . 
 aidan and his twin brother , julian , are perhaps half a century younger . 
 byron and i are the next oldest . 
 a couple of others are close in age , but they have lifemates and are not suspect . 
 there is dimitri , but he is far from this land . 
 only an ancient is powerful enough to cloak his presence . '' 
 jacques did n't realize how much he was remembering , but shea did , and it made the sorrow of rand 's betrayals easier to bear . 
 `` but rand could have found a way to do it , '' shea insisted . 
 `` it makes sense , jacques . 
 i do n't have to like it - in fact , i hate it - but i share his blood , and there is n't another explanation . 
 i sensed his presence in the forest because we share the same strain of blood . 
 it has to be that . '' 
 `` you were so opposed to the idea before , shea . '' 
 jacques ' hand spanned her flat stomach . 
 he could n't help himself , he had to touch her , reveled in his right to do so . 
 `` i did n't want to face it , jacques . 
 but i 've had some time to think about this . 
 it 's the only rational explanation . 
 he wants me to be , and he 's hoping to keep me for himself , but he knows i 'm not really maggie . 
 and he has to kill you . 
 he wanted you dead and he wanted raven dead and most likely mikhail also . '' 
 shea took a deep breath . 
 `` and rand said something that bothered me , but i could n't remember what . 
 i just put it together . 
 he mentioned byron . 
 he should n't have known that byron was the one the humans had tortured . 
 no one had told him , and byron could n't communicate with him . 
 so how did he know ? '' 
 jacques ' black eyes glinted like obsidian . 
 `` i did not catch that . 
 you are right . 
 he did know of byron . 
 he named him . '' 
 shea shoved a suddenly shaking hand through her hair . 
 her eyes held endless sorrow as she looked up at him . 
 `` god , jacques , do you know what that means ? 
 he must have been responsible for bringing my brother to don wallace and jeff smith . 
 he was responsible for their torturing and killing his own son . 
 is that possible ? 
 could someone really be that insane , that cold-blooded ? '' 
 `` i am sorry , shea . 
 a vampire is not capable of any real feeling . 
 the undead has chosen to give up his soul . 
 he is wholly evil . '' 
 jacques could feel an unfamiliar lump blocking his throat . 
 he could feel the heaviness in her heart . 
 he admired the courage it took for her to voice her conclusions to him . 
 `` the reason the humans have such legends from the old times is because a few have experienced what a real vampire is capable of . 
 i wish it was different . 
 i would give anything to spare you this heartache . '' 
 `` i wish things were different , too , but i do n't think they are . 
 and i think you 're in real danger . 
 even if rand is n't the vampire , he 's definitely a sick , bitter man , and he hates you . 
 please be careful . 
 i do n't want him to hurt you . '' 
 her large green eyes were alive with anxiety . 
 she sat up , her arms circling his neck . 
 `` i want to put you on a shelf somewhere where no one can ever hurt you again . '' 
 jacques hastily broke the connection of their minds . 
 shea persisted in thinking him at risk . 
 it simply did not occur to her , even after what she had experienced with him , what she had witnessed , that he could be the aggressor in the upcoming battle . 
 that he might welcome the battle with his betrayer . 
 that he would enjoy it . 
 for all her knowledge of him , she still could not take in that he was a predator by nature . 
 if that was what it took for her to accept their relationship , he was willing for the knowledge to come to her in slow stages . 
 to jacques , that was the beauty of a lifemate 's bond . 
 everything was there for the taking , but it was up to the partner to do what they wanted with it all . 
 jacques knew he would fly to the moon and haul it down for her , walk on water or swim through hot lava if that was what it took to make her happy . 
 shea was his life , and they had centuries to get to know one another properly . 
 she did not need to confront his killer instincts with - her every waking breath . 
 his palm cupped her face , moved lovingly to her slender neck , his thumb feathering over her soft skin . 
 he ached with love for her . 
 `` i promise to be careful . '' 
 `` really careful , '' she insisted . 
 he found the hard edges of his mouth turning up . 
 `` really really careful , '' he clarified . 
 her fingertip traced his smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was so crazy about the healer giving me blood , but i really ca n't stand it yet , even thinking about it . 
 when we 're together , it seems different , something beautiful and natural , but the thought of anyone else - '' her stomach lurched , and she broke off . 
 jacques ' mouth skimmed her face , settled on her lips for a brief , disturbing moment . 
 `` i understand . 
 i am stronger now , little red hair . 
 i can care for you properly . '' 
 her eyebrows shot up , and she frowned . 
 `` that is n't exactly what i meant . 
 do n't go all macho on me . 
 that would make me sicker than finding some cute human male to feed off . '' 
 she was teasing him . 
 intellectually he knew it , but for a moment a red haze of jealousy clouded his mind . 
 rage welled up , and he forced it under control . 
 he knew immediately that he was lucky she did n't want to take sustenance from another man . 
 something in his fragmented mind , or perhaps it was his possessive nature , would not stand for it . 
 no man , human or carpathian , was going to be completely safe until he learned to control his fear of losing her . 
 jacques raked a hand through his hair . 
 `` i have a long way to go before i will be normal again . '' 
 she burst out laughing . 
 `` no one has said you ever were normal , jacques . '' 
 he felt the flood of warmth at her teasing and basked in it . 
 `` stay here , little red hair . 
 stay safe for me . '' 
 she lay back , lazily reclining on the flat rock . 
 her bright red hair spread out around her like strands of silk . 
 the clean lines of her nude body , her full breasts and tight , fiery curls beckoned to him . 
 jacques backed away from her . 
 he was going to have to learn a lot about self-control over the next few hundred years . 
 he turned abruptly and walked away . 
 once through the small passageway leading back to the tunnel , he shape-shifted as he hurried through the maze of pathways . 
 his body compressed , smaller , even smaller , until he was the very creature shea was terrified of . 
 small wings took him gliding quickly through the network of tunnels , upward to the shortcut . 
 it was a tiny chimney cut by centuries of water constantly trickling through solid rock . 
 he charged up it and out into the night sky . 
 almost instantly his body reshaped itself in flight , taking on the larger , more powerful , and much more formidable shape of an owl . 
 razor-sharp talons and hooked beak , thick feathers and eyes that easily pierced the night , served him well . 
 he winged his way over the forest canopy toward the cabin housing the three hunters . 
 jacques had deliberately ordered their compliance . 
 they would stay the night , unable to figure out why it was so important but unable to defy his hypnotic suggestion . 
 he had taken their blood , directed their minds , and could call them to him at will . 
 the hunters had not intended to stay , as the land was inhospitable to them and they were beginning to believe the superstitions of the locals . 
 he knew the memories he had implanted would remain for as long as he wanted and that they would always answer his bidding if he so desired . 
 the beauty of the night , seen through the owl 's eyes , was incredible . 
 far below , on the forest floor , small animals scurried for cover . 
 the green canopy blanketing the trees swayed and danced in the wind , a beautiful ballet . 
 the breeze caught at feathers , lifted them and rushed at him with a feeling of sheer joy and power . 
 he spotted the cabin below and swooped down toward it . 
 almost immediately he realized something had to be wrong . 
 no smoke came from the chimney , and on a night like this the three hunters would need warmth . 
 the owl banked sharply and glided in , talons extended . 
 he landed as a man , on his feet , his senses alert to any impending dangers , flaring out to scan the area . 
 he caught no signs of life , but he smelled death . 
 the stench was in his nostrils , along with the pungent scent of terror . 
 someone had died violently , and had known it was coming . 
 jacques moved carefully , cloaking himself against the sight of humans . 
 he detected none in the immediate area - but then , he had n't found smith or wallace either . 
 he could find no threat , yet he continued to move warily toward the darkened cabin . 
 he found the first body beside the porch . 
 the man was mangled , his throat torn , the wound gaping and brutal , as though a huge animal had attacked and killed him . 
 he was drained of blood . 
 jacques stood beside the hunter 's body for a moment , angry with himself for exposing the human to danger needlessly . 
 of course rand would know he would need to feed often ; he would look for jacques ' source and cut it off . 
 jacques remained very still while he took stock of his surroundings . 
 the kill was fresh , minutes old , the body still warm . 
 the vampire was somewhere in the immediate vicinity , waiting for him . 
 jacques had no doubt he was next on the vampire 's list . 
 jacques could not detect any evidence of him , yet he knew with a certainty he was being stalked . 
 he inhaled sharply and allowed the demon inside to awaken with an ugly roar . 
 jacques could feel the faint stirring in his mind , the gentle , warm inquiry . 
 do not attempt to contact me , shea . 
 the vampire is attempting a trap . 
 i can not be distracted . 
 then i will come to you ! 
 shea was very alarmed . 
 jacques could almost see her face , the enormous green eyes wide with worry , her chin determined . 
 you will do as i bid , shea . 
 i can not worry about both of us and succeed . 
 he used his firmest voice , sending a reinforcing push toward her . 
 he could feel her reluctance to obey him , but she did not protest further , believing she might endanger him . 
 jacques moved up the stairs stealthily . 
 the door was slightly ajar , the wind pushing it gently to and fro . 
 the hinges were old and rusty and squeaked with each shift of the wind . 
 jacques slipped inside to the smell of death and fear , the overwhelming scent of blood . 
 the floor was a pool of dark , nearly black liquid , sticky and thick . 
 the two bodies had been flung carelessly aside after the vampire had sated himself on the adrenaline-laced sustenance . 
 he had deliberately drained the rest of the blood from the bodies so that the smell of it would further trigger jacques ' need to feed . 
 he also made certain there was nothing left for jacques to use to ease that biting , gnawing hunger . 
 it was growing in him every moment , weakening his body , preying on his strength . 
 no , it 's not , jacques . 
 shea ` svoice was a soft , clean note in his head . 
 you are not weak . 
 you are strong , very strong and healthy . 
 the vampire has set another trap for you . 
 get out of the house , get into the open air . 
 you are young and strong . 
 there is nothing he can do to you . 
 in her mind there was complete confidence in him , not so much as a shadow of worry or doubt . 
 she believed in him . 
 jacques could do no other than to follow her lead and believe in himself . 
 very carefully he searched the interior of the cabin , looking for hidden traps . 
 when the feeling of doom persisted in creeping into his mind , he reached for shea 's reassuring presence . 
 she was always there , utterly loyal , determined to make him see himself as she saw him . 
 her belief in him enabled him to see how the vampire 's trap was preying on his mind . 
 he found himself smiling grimly , without humor . 
 he acknowledged the vampire 's power and expertise in illusion , but shea had broken the spell with her unfailing belief in him . 
 jacques was strong enough to deal with the undead ; it was only a matter of perceiving the traps for the illusions they were . 
 jacques made his way outside into the cool night air . 
 the wind tugged at his clothing , raked at his long hair . 
 a lone wolf howled , endlessly calling for a mate . 
 the sound caught at him , touched a spot in him , and he lifted his head and crooned softly into the night . 
 the wolf was wandering far from its companions , alone , an outcast to those who did not understand its predatory nature . 
 a sound alerted him , a mere rustle in the underbrush , but it was enough to draw his mind away from the wolf and back to the enemy stalking him . 
 he lowered his body into a crouch , centering himself for the attack . 
 when he turned his head , rand moved out into the open . 
 he was smeared with blood , his fangs exposed , his eyes red-rimmed , and his nails long , clawed tips . 
 his skin , flushed from his recent kills , was stretched taut against his skull so that he had the look of death clinging to him . 
 `` i knew you would leave your bride to feast upon the humans . 
 you could not resist when blood was there for the taking , '' rand said in a voice edged with contempt . 
 jacques ' eyebrows rose a fraction . 
 `` you seem to help yourself to whatever you desire . 
 does that include other men 's lifemates ? '' 
 rand 's mouth twisted into an ugly snarl . 
 `` you took my lifemate from me . 
 you and your brother . 
 yet now both of you have found the very thing you would never allow me to have . 
 i will destroy mikhail and his woman , and i will take back from you what is rightfully mine . '' 
 `` maggie is dead , rand , and only you are responsible . 
 you left noelle to the human butchers while you rushed out to see your lifemate , yet you did not have the courage to bring her before mikhail and announce her as such . 
 she would still be alive if you had . '' 
 `` noelle would have murdered her . 
 she threatened to do so many times . '' 
 `` mikhail would never have allowed such a thing , and you know it . 
 it was your own lack of courage that killed her . 
 any carpathian male worth anything will stand up for the one he chooses for his lifemate . 
 is it possible , rand , that you were so warped with all your womanizing that you simply did not want to make a full commitment to maggie ? 
 perhaps you liked having the two women , liked to taunt noelle . 
 perhaps the two of you had a twisted , perverted relationship , and you could not quite bring yourself to give it up for something so right and pure . '' 
 rand roared , his head back , the sound issuing forth one of anger and agony . 
 `` you go too far , dark one . 
 you think i can not see what you really are ? 
 you are a killer . 
 it is plain to those of us who see you with clear eyes . 
 do you not feel the need to destroy ? 
 do you not enjoy the power ? 
 you are one with me , whether you choose to see it or not . 
 your nature is dark and ugly , like the world you and your brother forced me to occupy . 
 i do not need to destroy one such as you - you will do so on your own . 
 the woman will see what you are eventually . '' 
 `` shea knows exactly what i am , and she is willing to live with me . 
 you chose your own life and your own fate , rand . 
 you rose before your time - '' `` i felt the rending tear when my lifemate chose death ! '' 
 `` that does not excuse your responsibility in the matter . 
 she would not have chosen death had you been man enough to take her before mikhail and show the world she belonged to you . 
 and you could have chosen to follow her to her fate , but again you left her to face the unknown by herself . 
 instead you blamed others for your inadequacies and set out to revenge yourself . 
 tell me , rand , why did you deliver your own son into the hands of those butchers ? 
 he was a boy , a mere eighteen . 
 what had he done to deserve such a terrible fate ? '' 
 rand 's face twisted into a snarling mask of hatred . 
 `` i gave him a chance to join me , to seek retribution for what mikhail and you had done to me . 
 i went to him , his own father , and explained my plan . 
 he was so brainwashed by you , by mikhail , that he called me vampire . 
 i could see you had twisted his mind . 
 he would not listen to me . 
 i could not allow such a traitor to live . 
 my slaves dealt him with . 
 they thought they controlled me , but i put thoughts into their heads at will . 
 they named me vulture and thought to destroy me after they had used me . 
 it was amusing to turn them against one another , to force them to set each other up for the kill . 
 wallace and slovensky were evil men and easy to ensnare . 
 smith was weak , a follower , a good sacrifice . '' 
 `` you had them torture and mutilate your own son . 
 and what of the others ? 
 why the others ? '' 
 rand smiled , a wicked , humorless parody of amusement . 
 `` for the fun , of course , for the practice . 
 gregori thinks he is the only one who can use the dark secrets , but he is not as smart as he thinks . '' 
 `` and do you plan to kill him also ? '' 
 `` i do not have to take that chance . 
 he will turn soon . '' 
 there was a wealth of satisfaction in rand 's voice . 
 `` he will not choose death , as you all think he will . 
 he has battled too long , and he is far too powerful . 
 he will rip this world apart . 
 and he will squash like bugs those who seek to destroy him . 
 aidan and julian together might have a chance , but they , too , are close to turning . 
 together we will rule , as our race should have from the beginning . 
 it is your brother who has kept our people from their rightful place . 
 humans are cattle to be used to sate our hunger , to serve our needs , yet we hide from them like cowards . 
 the others hate me now , but soon all the ancients will join me . '' 
 `` and what of shea in this master plan ? '' 
 `` she will become one of us after your death . 
 her blood is maggie 's blood , and she belongs to me . 
 you had no right to her . '' 
 `` and you believe that you can defeat me in battle ? '' 
 jacques ' head was up , the demon in him struggling for freedom , wanting the joy and thrill of the fight . 
 hatred rose for this man who had destroyed his innocence , his family , his memories , his beliefs . 
 savage hatred for this man who had created a dark , dangerous being in the place of a gentle carpathian rose and began to spread like a dark stain across his soul . 
 `` you will defeat yourself , dark one . 
 your woman is tied to me . 
 when you strike me , she will feel the pain . 
 every slash , every cut , it will be the woman who bleeds , not just me . 
 she will also feel your joy in the act . 
 she will know you for what you are , and she will know your need to inflict pain and death . 
 she will finally see you as the monster you really are . 
 she will see you kill her father , see your joy in the act , and she will feel each blow . '' 
 pain exploded in the region of jacques ' temples as he desperately tried to remember if what the vampire was saying could be so . 
 would shea feel pain inflicted upon rand ? 
 was her father 's blood in her veins sufficient to cause such a thing ? 
 he needed the answer immediately . 
 rand had him backed into a corner with this revelation . 
 before jacques could send off an inquiry and resolve the dilemma , the vampire launched himself , moving with supernatural speed , a blur of claws going for the jugular . 
 jacques leapt out of the way , felt the burn across his throat as the tips of rand 's nails caught him and opened a shallow cut . 
 jacques retaliated without conscious thought , raking his own talons down the vampire 's face . 
 rand screamed with pain , a cry of fear and hatred . 
 jacques kept at him , whirling in and out of visibility , inflicting lacerations across the vampire 's chest to drain him of his strength . 
 he kept his mind firmly from shea 's . 
 he could not think she was in danger , that this savage fight could somehow affect her . 
 the joy in him increased until his mind and body were alive with power . 
 the vampire fell back under his onslaught . 
 with one last desperate attempt to turn the battle in his favor , rand disappeared , fled to the tree line , calling on the sky to do his bidding . 
 a bolt of lightning slammed to earth , scorching the area close to jacques ' body , singeing the tips of his hair . 
 a second bolt hit the precise spot where the carpathian had been standing , but jacques was already overhead , high in the trees above rand . 
 wings beat the air strongly as he launched himself . 
 rand screamed as the razor-sharp talons ripped into his chest , sought his pulsating heart . 
 `` shea ! 
 hear me ! 
 join with me ! 
 save me now ! 
 i am your father ! 
 you must join with me to save me from this monster tearing insanely at my flesh ! '' 
 jacques reached for the organ , tore it free , and flung it far from the vampire . 
 `` you are dead , vampire , and you go , i hope , to some semblance of peace . 
 the crimes you have committed against me and my family are avenged . 
 you go to meet your god and his mercy . 
 i feel none toward you . 
 you would have taken her with you had you been able to do so . 
 carpathian justice has been dispensed . '' 
 rand staggered forward , his gray face slack , tainted blood flowing freely . 
 his mouth working convulsively , he fell to his knees . 
 jacques leapt back from the thrashing body , careful that the grasping claws did not touch him , that not one speck of the dark blood splattered on him . 
 his hand was burning as he wiped it clean in the shriveling grass . 
 the air around them stilled , the wind completely silent . 
 the earth seemed to groan . 
 an eerie steam rose from the wriggling body , mixed with a noxious odor . 
 jacques instinctively moved farther away from the spectacle . 
 vampires died hard ; all fought to overcome death with every trick they had . 
 the tainted blood trickled across the ground toward jacques ' boots , guided by the dying vampire 's last evil thoughts . 
 jacques watched without emotion as the vampire crawled toward him , inched his way closer and closer , his face twisted with depravity , with hatred . 
 jacques shook his head . 
 `` you hated yourself , rand . 
 you hated yourself all these years . 
 all of you had to do was find the courage to follow her . 
 maggie would have saved your soul . '' 
 low , pitiful growls escaped from the hideous mouth , blood spewed forth , and rand collapsed in front of jacques , still reaching for him , still determined in his last moment to kill . 
 jacques inhaled sharply , caught his first whiff of fresh , clean air , and knew the vampire had fully expired . 
 with a little sigh he carried the bodies of the hunters to an open area and carefully collected what dry branches he could find . 
 there could be no evidence left of this night . 
 the vampire , too , had to be completely consumed by the fire so that there was no chance the tainted blood could find a way to revive him . 
 the power of the vampire 's blood was incredible . 
 weakness was becoming an increasing concern for jacques . 
 the fight had used up his last energies , and he still had to create and maintain a huge conflagration in the midst of a rain-soaked forest . 
 the wolf howled again , this time much closer , obviously loping toward the scene of death and destruction , perhaps drawn by the smell of blood . 
 jacques scored the earth with a lightning bolt , directing it along the river of blood . 
 no creature needed the madness of that fluid in its belly . 
 an unusually large , rare , golden wolf trotted out of the timberline , circled the area warily , and sat down on its haunches only feet from jacques . 
 it watched him steadily with its strange golden eyes , completely unafraid . 
 it seemed not to be affected by the fire , the lightning , or the carpathian male . 
 jacques watched the animal equally intently , certain he was facing more than a wolf . 
 the creature did not make an attempt to use the common mental path to communicate . 
 it simply watched him , taking in the bizarre scene , the golden eyes never wavering . 
 a humorless smile curved jacques ' hard mouth . 
 `` if you are looking for action tonight , i am too tired to oblige you , and far too hungry . '' 
 the wolf 's shape contorted , stretched , shimmered in the smoke of the fire , and soon a large , heavily muscled man was facing jacques . 
 his long , shaggy mane of hair was blond , his eyes golden , his body perfectly balanced . 
 `` you are jacques , brother to mikhail . 
 i heard you were dead . '' 
 `` that is the story going around , '' jacques assented warily . 
 `` you have no memory of me ? 
 i am julian , brother to aidan . 
 i have been away these last long years . 
 the far-off mountains , the places without people , are my home . '' 
 `` the last i heard , you were fighting wars in distant lands . '' 
 `` when the mood is upon me , i fight where it is needed , '' julian agreed . 
 `` i see you do also . 
 the vampire lies dead , and you are pale beyond imagination . '' 
 jacques ' smile was grim . 
 `` do not allow my color to fool you . '' 
 `` i am no vampire yet , and if ever i fear turning , i will go to aidan , and he will destroy me if i can not do so myself . 
 if you wish to take blood , then i offer it freely . 
 the healer knows me ; you can ask him if i am a reliable resource . '' 
 there was the slightest of smiles , a self-mocking humor . 
 `` what are you doing in these parts ? '' 
 jacques asked suspiciously . 
 `` i was traveling through , on my way to the united states , when i heard the butchers were back , and i thought i would make myself useful to our people for a change . '' 
 jacques found himself admiring julian 's answers . 
 this was a man not in the least worried about anyone 's opinion or impression of him . 
 he was self-contained , at ease with himself . 
 it did n't bother him at all that jacques was suspicious , that he was firing questions at him . 
 healer , hear me . 
 i have need of blood , and this one before me , julian , the golden twin , has said you will vouch for him . 
 no one can vouch for one such as julian . 
 he is a loner , a law unto himself , but his blood is untainted . 
 if julian turns , it will be aidan or i who hunts him , no others . 
 avail yourself of what he offers . 
 `` did he give me a good recommendation ? '' 
 julian 's smile was frankly sardonic . 
 `` the healer never gives good recommendation . 
 you are not his favorite , but he agrees there would be no harm . '' 
 julian laughed softly , put his wrist to his mouth and bit , then casually reached out to offer his life-giving fluid to jacques . 
 `` i am too much like him , a loner , one who studies too much . 
 i dabble in things better left alone . 
 i fear gregori has given up on me . '' 
 he did n't sound worried about it . 
 jacques nearly staggered as he moved to take the proffered wrist . 
 his mouth clamped tightly over the ragged wound . 
 the blood flowed into jacques ' withered , shrunken cells . 
 the surge of strength and power was incredible . 
 he had not realized how depleted his system was until the nourishment flowed into his body . 
 it was an effort not to be greedy , to feast at the rich supply . 
 `` do not worry , i have no duties to perform this night . 
 take what you need , and i will hunt in town before moving on . '' 
 julian made the offer casually . 
 jacques forced himself away from the flowing supply . 
 he closed the wound carefully and looked up at the handsome , weathered face . 
 there was intelligence there , coolness , self-possession , and something else . 
 jacques could read the dangerous stillness in him . 
 julian was a man always ready for the unexpected . 
 `` thank you , julian . 
 if you ever have need , i expect to return the favor , '' jacques said sincerely . 
 `` i will finish up here , '' julian offered . 
 `` it is a shame these three men had to die this night . 
 when they do not return and no search party can find their remains , it will only feed the legends of vampires stalking this country and these parts . '' 
 `` i should have expected rand to use them against me ; he knew i would keep them to feed . '' 
 jacques regretted their deaths bitterly . 
 `` you did not kill these men , the vampire did . 
 and you rid the world of one of our monsters . 
 both humans and carpathians are indebted to you . 
 think only of that , jacques . 
 i wish you good journey and long life . '' 
 jacques entered the maze of tunnels , his body moving with supernatural speed . 
 he could hear every sound , the water dripping , then roaring , the high squeak of the bats , even the slight shifting of the earth itself . 
 but he could not detect what he wished to hear most . 
 there was no sound coming from the pools . 
 no ripple of water , no humming , no soft breath from sleeping . 
 no heart beating . 
 shea was lying motionless on a rock when jacques entered the steamy underground chamber . 
 he stood very still in the entrance , afraid to move or speak . 
 she had not responded to his telepathic call to her . 
 if she were lost to him , the monster that was rand would win after all . 
 no one would ever be safe again until jacques was destroyed . 
 he shook his head . 
 no , if she were dead , he would not leave her to face the unknown without him . 
 rand would not win . 
 jacques would follow her , find her . 
 they would spend their life in the next world together . 
 he cleared his throat carefully , noisily , wanting her to turn to face him . 
 she did n't move , her body utterly still . 
 jacques inhaled sharply and caught the faint scent of blood . 
 he cleared the distance between them in a single leap , his speed so great , he was almost unable to stop before plunging headlong into the pool . 
 as it was , he teetered precariously on the rim of the boulder before regaining his balance . 
 there was blood smeared on the rock beside shea 's naked body , a faint crimson ribbon over her breasts . 
 jacques cried out , dropped to his knees beside her , gathered her up to press her against his chest . 
 her heart was not beating . 
 he could not feel a pulse or find a thread of life . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he shouted it hoarsely , his voice echoing through the chamber eerily . 
 the voice was lonely and lost , his heart ripped out , like rand 's . 
 jacques ? 
 thevoice was faint and far off but unmistakably shea 's . 
 jacques held his breath for a moment , afraid he had truly lost his mind . 
 `` shea ? '' 
 he breathed her name , a whisper of silk like the feel of her hair on his body . 
 that light . 
 `` where are you , little love ? 
 come back to me . '' 
 jacques pressed his forehead to hers , his hand over her heart . 
 he felt the first strong beat in his palm , the first rush of blood through her veins and arteries . 
 he captured her mouth with his to take the first breath from her lungs . 
 his own heart could beat , his own lungs could work . 
 he felt tears on his face and held her close . 
 `` what happened to you out there ? '' 
 she asked softly , clinging to him . 
 `` the vampire and i fought , '' he said into her mass of red hair . 
 he caught a strand on the tip of his tongue , ran it through his mouth , needing the feel of her close to him . 
 `` i know . 
 it was rand . 
 i felt you hit him . 
 i could feel his hatred . 
 it was terrible , like something alien in my body . 
 when you struck , i could feel his pain . 
 right away i began to bleed . 
 i knew he would use it against you somehow , so i tried to do what you said all carpathians could do . '' 
 she looked ruefully around her at the smears of blood . 
 `` it took a while to figure things out , but eventually i was able to put myself to sleep . '' 
 she took his breath away with her bravery . 
 `` why did you not contact me ? '' 
 `` i was afraid it would distract you , jacques . 
 i knew you were in a fight for your life . 
 the last thing you needed to do was worry about me . '' 
 `` you are still bleeding , '' he pointed out softly , holding her away from him so he could examine her . 
 `` it does n't really hurt all that much , now that you 're back and safe , '' she assured him . 
 `` i 'm sorry it was your father . 
 i know how much having a father , some member of your family , alive would have meant to you . '' 
 he bent his head to the angry cut across her left breast . 
 his tongue lapped at the wound gently , the healing properties in his saliva instantly closing the laceration . 
 her skin , recently so cold and lifeless , was suddenly beginning to heat . 
 steam rose all around them , enfolding them in its embrace . 
 `` my family will have to be your family , '' he added softly . 
 `` we will make our own family . '' 
 shea rubbed her face against his chest like a kitten , her mouth wandering up the column of his throat . 
 `` we have a strange family , jacques , every one of them . 
 i guess we 'll have to be the sane ones . '' 
 he loved the laughter in her voice . 
 as sad as she must be at this moment , with the man who was her father responsible for so much death and hatred , she still found it in her to try to make him feel better . 
 his arms tightened protectively . 
 `` i suppose we can not tell them we feel this way . '' 
 `` better not . 
 i think they 're under the mistaken impression that something is a little off with us . '' 
 shea moved her head , swinging the silky hair away from her neck , exposing a long , deep scratch for his attention . 
 jacques instantly bent his head to accommodate her . 
 his tongue tasted the sweet spice of life , caressed and teased , moved up her neck to find her ear . 
 his teeth nipped gently . 
 he could feel the responsive shiver run through her . 
 her skin was soft and warm , bringing life to his own . 
 `` and we can create our own family eventually , shea . 
 our child . '' 
 when he felt her stiffen , he held her closer , his voice a velvet soft whisper . 
 `` not now , shea , later , when you are strong in our world and sure of yourself , and i am completely healed . 
 our child . 
 children . 
 your dream has become my dream . 
 we can have it , shea . '' 
 `` do n't , jacques , '' shea said . 
 `` we can , my love . 
 i am remembering things much faster now . 
 i know as we grow together , i will be able to feel as you feel . 
 i want our child . 
 i want you happy . 
 i want to give you a family . 
 do not close out the idea from your mind . 
 we have centuries to come to this decision , but know this : i want it , too . '' 
 `` when you can promise me you will remain and love and guide our child should something happen to me , then i will gladly agree . '' 
 his teeth touched the side of her neck . 
 `` thanks to you , i have faith in myself . 
 i will someday be able to give you such a promise . 
 i will also tell you , if such a thing should occur , that the child would be my hope on this earth , and when she or he had a family , then i would gladly join you . '' 
 she could feel the tears swimming in her eyes . 
 `` then i am truly happy , jacques . 
 you could never give me a more beautiful gift than you already have . 
 even if you never reach that point , i will always love you for wanting to reach it and striving to do so . '' 
 `` your happiness is of great importance to me . '' 
 `` you smell different , jacques . '' 
 shea inhaled his scent sharply , pulled back so she could look into his eyes . 
 `` why do you smell different ? '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` it is not a woman , red hair . 
 why are you so suspicious ? 
 i met another one such as myself in the forest . 
 i was in need , and he offered his aid . '' 
 `` and you took it ? '' 
 she was astonished . 
 jacques had certainly come a long way from the wary , dark , dangerous man she had first encountered . 
 `` he was a total stranger , yet you allowed him to help you ? '' 
 `` you were a total stranger , and i allowed you to do more than simply aid me , '' he teased , his mouth warm against the corner of hers . 
 `` in fact , you gave me all sorts of interesting ideas on how you could further aid me . '' 
 `` i did not . 
 as i recall , i told you i was your doctor , nothing more , and you would not listen to me . 
 you know , jacques , that 's a very bad habit of yours , not listening to me . '' 
 his mouth wandered back to her ear , his breath stirring her blood . 
 `` i promise to remedy the situation as soon as humanly possible , '' he whispered with a sorcerer 's magic . 
 shea could feel his breath right down to her toes . 
 then she saw an ugly slash wound marring his shoulder . 
 she lowered her mouth to heal it and tasted the unique flavor that was jacques . 
 she felt his involuntary response and deliberately squirmed closer , bringing her body right up against his . 
 she tasted his essence , she tasted the adrenaline , the primitive joy of battle , she tasted his pain . 
 `` humanly possible , huh ? '' 
 she mused . 
 `` i do n't know if i like the way you put that . 
 it seems to me you 'll be able to get around that one fairly easily . '' 
 shea circled his neck with her arms and pulled his head down to hers . 
 blindly , unerringly , she found his mouth with hers . 
 she put everything into her kiss , her love , her fear , her acceptance of his ways . 
 her desire for him , her need of him , all of it rushed from her to him . 
 jacques ' arms tightened possessively . 
 his mouth was hungry against hers , needing to feed on her sweetness , her purity , to wipe out the remnants of the lingering demon . 
 her body was plaint and welcoming , her mouth as hungry as his . 
 he flung his clothes in every direction and moved to gather her even closer . 
 he felt her shift her weight , felt them both teeter , and then they were tumbling into the pool beneath them . 
 locked together , they went to the bottom , their mouths clinging to one another , their shared laughter in their minds . 
 he kicked his legs strongly as she wrapped hers around his waist . 
 their heads broke the surface , sending rings of ripples skipping over the water . 
 she was laughing , catching his face in her hands . 
 `` you are so incredibly romantic , jacques , i can barely catch my breath here . '' 
 his hands moved up to cup her buttocks , to massage suggestively . 
 he raised one eyebrow . 
 `` are you saying this was my fault ? 
 woman , i never lose my balance . 
 i needed to follow you into the water to keep you from embarrassing yourself . '' 
 her hand found the back of his waist , caressed the intriguing little niche there , and moved to follow the line of his hip . 
 `` i think , wild man , you need me very much . '' 
 she pressed her body closer to his , found the hot , thick evidence of his desire . 
 `` very , very much . '' 
 shea tightened her legs around his waist and settled herself over his aggressive length , taking the thick weight of him into her . 
 his breath exploded as velvet fire seemed to enfold him . 
 his teeth found the slim column of her neck , holding her pinned and still for his invasion . 
 there was such beauty in the moment , he felt suspended in time , caught in another dimension . 
 her hair floated around them like silken sea kelp , and her full breasts pushed into the heavy muscles of his chest . 
 she was soft and plaint , flowing around him like warm honey , yet her muscles were firm and moving convulsively to keep him within her body . 
 water splashed up around them with the movement of their bodies , brushed their sensitive skin like fingers , a warm , loving caress . 
 she was his world in that moment , the true meaning of living to him . 
 colors were dancing around them - not the gray , bleak world he had existed in for so long , but true colors , vivid and real . 
 feelings were strong , emotions deep , his heart thudding with wonder , his protective instincts and great capacity for love stealing into his soul . 
 in contrast to his world of pain and rage , of utter coldness and despair , this love for her was a miracle . 
 she would never understand what she truly meant to him , not even reading his mind , because the depth of feeling was so great . 
 he had hungered and needed for so long , with no hope , yet now she was in his arms , her body one with his , her heart and mind in tune and rhythm , her soul locked irrevocably with his . 
 jacques knew , as his body moved gently and lovingly into hers , as his hips thrust forward and he buried himself ever deeper , that his life was changed forever . 
 he would have a home , a family , children ; he would have love and laughter surrounding him all the days he chose to remain on earth . 
 he would have her body , her heart , her purity and goodness to temper his predatory nature . 
 his hell had become a paradise that he had somehow , through all his mistakes , managed to reach . 
 because she could read his mind so easily , because he rarely left her completely , shea could glimpse his feelings . 
 she laid her head on his shoulder , closed her eyes , and allowed the building explosion to overtake her . 
 her arms tightened around jacques , around her anchor , her security . 
 whatever happened in the future , whatever they were forced to face and deal with , they had one another , and that was all anyone could ask . 
 jacques lifted them to the heavens , and they soared there together while the water in the pool splashed and receded around them . 
 he framed her face gently with his large hands and looked into her vivid green eyes . 
 `` i love you , shea . 
 i always will , '' he vowed softly . 
 `` i love you too , jacques , '' she whispered back . 
