 on the day claire became a member of the glass house , somebody stole her laundry . 
 when she reached into the crappy , beat-up washing machine , she found nothing but the wet slick sides of the drum , and - like a bad joke - the worst pair of underwear she owned , plus one sock . 
 she was in a hurry , of course - there were only a couple of machines on this top floor of howard hall , the least valued and most run-down rooms in the least valued , most run-down dorm . 
 two washing machines , two dryers , and you were lucky if one of them was working on any given day and did n't eat your quarters . 
 forget about the dollar-bill slot . 
 she 'd never seen it work , not in the last six weeks since she 'd arrived at school . 
 `` no , '' she said out loud , and balanced herself on the edge of the washer to look down into the dark , partly rusted interior . 
 it smelled like mold and cheap detergent . 
 getting a closer look did n't help . 
 one crappy pair of underwear , fraying at the seams . 
 one sock . 
 she was missing every piece of clothing that she 'd worn in the last two weeks . 
 every piece that she actually wanted to wear . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she yelled it into the washer , where it echoed back at her , and slumped back down , then kicked the washer violently in the dent made by all the other disappointed students before her . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 she had some other clothes - a few - but they were last-choice clothes , oh-my-god-wouldn ` t-be-caught-dead clothes . 
 pants that were too short and made her look like a hick , shirts that were too big and too stupid , and made her look like her mom had picked them out . 
 and she had . 
 claire had about three hundred dollars left to last her for , well , months , after the latest round of calling out for pizza and buying yet another book for professor clueless euliss , who did n't seem to have figured out yet what subject he was teaching . 
 she supposed she could find some clothes , if she looked around , that would n't totally blow her entire budget . 
 after all , downtown morganville , texas , was the thrift shop capital of the world . 
 assuming she could find anything she could stand to wear . 
 mom said this would happen , she thought . 
 i just have to think . 
 keep my cool . 
 claire threw herself into an orange plastic chair , dumped her backpack on the scratched linoleum , and put her head in her hands . 
 her face felt hot , and she was shaking , and she knew , just knew , that she was going to cry . 
 cry like the baby they all said she was , too young to be here , too young to be away from mommy . 
 it sucked to be smart , because this was where it got you . 
 she gulped deep , damp breaths and sat back , willing herself not to bawl -lrb- because they 'd hear -rrb- , and wondered if she could call mom and dad for an extension on her allowance , or use the credit card that was `` just for emergencies . '' 
 then she saw the note . 
 not so much `` note '' as graffiti , but it was addressed to her , on the painted cinder-block wall above the machines . 
 dear dork , it read , we found trash in the machines and threw it down the chute . 
 if you want it , dive for it . 
 `` shit , '' she breathed , and had to blink back tears again , for an entirely different reason . 
 blind , stupid rage . 
 monica . 
 well , monica and the monickettes , anyway . 
 why was it the hot mean girls always ran in packs , like hyenas ? 
 and why , with all the shimmery hair and long tanned legs and more of daddy 's money than daddy 's accountants , did they have to focus on her ? 
 no , she knew the answer to that . 
 she 'd made monica look stupid in front of her friends , and some hot upperclassmen . 
 not that it had been all that hard ; she 'd just been walking by , heard monica saying that world war ii had been `` that dumbass chinese war thing . '' 
 and by simple reflex , she 'd said , `` it was n't . '' 
 the whole lot of them , slouched all over the couches in the dorm lobby , looked at her with as much blank surprise as if the coke machine had just spoken up . 
 monica , her friends , three of the cool older frat boys . 
 `` world war ii , '' claire had plunged on , panicked and not quite sure how to get out of what she 'd gotten herself into . 
 `` i just meant - well , it was n't the korean war . 
 that was later . 
 world war ii was with the germans and the japanese . 
 you know , pearl harbor ? '' 
 and the guys had looked at monica and laughed , and monica had flushed - not much , but enough to ruin the cool perfection of her makeup . 
 `` remind me not to buy any history papers off of you , '' the cutest of the guys had said . 
 `` what kind of dumbass does n't know that ? '' 
 though claire had been sure none of them had , really . 
 `` chinese . 
 riiiiight . '' 
 claire had seen the fury in monica 's eyes , quickly covered over with smiles and laughter and flirting . 
 claire had ceased to exist again , for the guys . 
 for the girls , she was brand-new , and unwelcome as hell . 
 she 'd been dealing with it all her life . 
 smart and small and average-looking was n't exactly winning the life lottery ; you had to fight for it , whatever it was . 
 somebody was always laughing at , or hitting , or ignoring you , or a combination of the first two . 
 she 'd thought when she was a kid that getting laughed at was the worst thing , and then - after the first couple of school-yard showdowns - getting hit jumped up to number one . 
 but for most of her -lrb- brief , two-year -rrb- high school experience , being ignored was worse by far . 
 she 'd gotten there a year earlier than everybody else , and left a year ahead of them . 
 nobody liked that . 
 nobody but teachers , anyway . 
 the problem was that claire really loved school . 
 loved books , and reading , and learning things - okay , not calculus , but pretty much everything else . 
 physics . 
 what normal girl loved physics ? 
 abnormal ones . 
 ones who were not ever going to be hot . 
 and face it , being hot ? 
 that was what life was all about . 
 as monica had proved , when the world had wobbled off its axis for a few seconds to notice claire , and then wobbled right back to revolve around the pretty ones . 
 it was n't fair . 
 she 'd dived in and worked her ass off through high school . 
 graduated with a perfect 4.0 , scored high enough on the tests to qualify for admission to the great schools , the legendary schools , the ones where being a brainiac mutant girl-freak was n't necessarily a downside . 
 -lrb- except that , of course , at those schools , there were probably hot tall leggy brainiac mutant girl-freaks . -rrb- 
 did n't matter . 
 mom and dad had taken one look at the stack of enthusiastic thumbs-up replies from universities like mit and caltech and yale , and clamped down hard . 
 no way was their sixteen-year-old daughter -lrb- nearly seventeen , she kept insisting , although it was n't really true -rrb- going to run off three thousand miles to go to school . 
 at least not at first . 
 -lrb- claire had tried , unsuccessfully , to get across the concept that if anything would kill her budding academic career worse than being a transfer student at one of those places , it was being a transfer student from texas prairie university . 
 otherwise known as tpewwwwwww . -rrb- 
 so here she was , stuck on the crappy top floor of a crappy dorm in a crappy school where eighty percent of the students transferred after the first two years - or dropped out - and the monickettes were stealing her wet laundry and dumping it down the trash chute , all because monica could n't be bothered to know anything about one of the world wars big enough to rate a roman numeral . 
 but it is n't fair ! 
 something in her howled . 
 i had a plan ! 
 an actual plan ! 
 monica slept late , and claire had gotten up early just to do laundry while all the party crowd was comatose and the studious crowd was off to classes . 
 she 'd thought she could leave it for a couple of minutes to grab her shower - another scary experience - and she 'd never even thought about anybody doing something so incredibly low . 
 as she bit back her sobs , she noticed - again - how quiet it was up here . 
 creepy and deserted , with half the girls deep asleep and the other half gone . 
 even when it was crowded and buzzing , the dorm was creepy , though . 
 old , decrepit , full of shadows and corners and places mean girls could lurk . 
 in fact , that summed up the whole town . 
 morganville was small and old and dusty , full of creepy little oddities . 
 like the fact that the streetlights worked only half the time , and they were too far apart when they did . 
 like the way the people in the local campus stores seemed too happy . 
 desperately happy . 
 like the fact that the whole town , despite the dust , was clean - no trash , no graffiti , nobody begging for spare change in alleyways . 
 weird . 
 she could almost hear her mother saying , honey , it 's just that you 're in a strange place . 
 it 'll get better . 
 you 'll just have to try harder . 
 mom always said things like that , and claire had always done her best to hide how hard it was to follow that advice . 
 well . 
 nothing to do but try to get her stuff back . 
 claire gulped a couple more times , wiped her eyes , and hauled the arm-twisting weight of her backpack up and over her shoulder . 
 she stared for a few seconds at the wet pair of panties and one sock clutched in her right hand , then hastily unzipped the front pocket of the backpack and stuffed them in . 
 man , that would kill whatever cool she had left , if she walked around carrying those . 
 `` well , '' said a low , satisfied voice from the open door opposite the stairs , `` look who it is . 
 the dumpster diver . '' 
 claire stopped , one hand on the rusted iron railing . 
 something was telling her to run , but something always told her that : fight-or-flight - she 'd read the textbooks . 
 and she was tired of flighting . 
 she turned around slowly , as monica morrell stepped out of the dorm room - not hers , so she 'd busted erica 's lock again . 
 monica 's running buddies jennifer and gina filed out and took up flanking positions . 
 soldiers in flip-flops and low-rise jeans and french manicures . 
 monica struck a pose . 
 it was something she was good at , claire had to admit . 
 nearly six feet tall , monica had flowing , shiny black hair , and big blue eyes accented with just the right amount of liner and mascara . 
 perfect skin . 
 one of those model-shaped faces , all cheekbones and pouty lips . 
 and if she had a model 's body , it was a victoria 's secret model , all curves , not angles . 
 she was rich , she was pretty , and as far as claire could tell , it did n't make her a bit happy . 
 what did , though - what made those big blue eyes glow right now - was the idea of tormenting claire just a little more . 
 `` should n't you be in first period at the junior high by now ? '' 
 monica asked . 
 `` or at least getting your first period ? '' 
 `` maybe she 's looking for the clothes she left lying around , '' gina piled on , and laughed . 
 jennifer laughed with her . 
 claire swore their eyes , their pretty jewel-colored eyes , just glowed with the joy of making her feel like shit . 
 `` litterbug ! '' 
 `` clothes ? '' 
 monica folded her arms and pretended to think . 
 `` you mean , like those rags we threw away ? 
 the ones she left cluttering up the washer ? '' 
 `` yeah , those . '' 
 `` i would n't wear those to sweat in . '' 
 `` i would n't wear them to scrub out the boys ' toilet , '' jennifer blurted . 
 monica , annoyed , turned and shoved her . 
 `` yeah , you know all about the boys ' toilet , do n't you ? 
 did n't you do steve gillespie in ninth grade in there ? '' 
 she made sucking sounds , and they all laughed again , though jennifer looked uncomfortable . 
 claire felt her cheeks flare red , even though it was n't - for a change - a dis against her . 
 `` jeez , jen , steve gillespie ? 
 keep your mouth shut if you ca n't think of something that wo n't embarrass yourself . '' 
 jennifer - of course - turned her anger on a safer target . 
 claire . 
 she lunged forward and shoved claire back a step , toward the stairs . 
 `` go get your stupid clothes already ! 
 i 'm sick of looking at you , with your pasty skin - '' `` yeah , junior high , ever heard of sunshine ? '' 
 gina rolled her eyes . 
 `` watch it , '' monica snapped , which was odd , because all three of them had the best tans money could buy . 
 claire scrambled to steady herself . 
 the heavy backpack pulled her off-balance , and she grabbed on to the banister . 
 jen lunged at her again and slammed the heel of her hand painfully hard into claire 's collarbone . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 claire yelped , and batted jen 's hand away . 
 hard . 
 there was a second of breathless silence , and then monica said , very quietly , `` did you just hit my friend , you stupid little bitch ? 
 where do you think you get off , doing things like that around here ? '' 
 and she stepped forward and slapped claire across the face , hard enough to draw blood , hard enough to make flares and comets streak across claire 's vision , hard enough to make everything turn red and boiling hot . 
 claire let go of the banister and slapped monica right back , full across her pouty mouth , and for just a tight , white-hot second she actually felt good about it , but then monica hissed like a scorched cat , and claire had time to think , oh crap , i really should n't have done that . 
 she never saw the punch coming . 
 did n't even really feel the impact , except as a blank sensation and confusion , but then the weight of her backpack on her shoulder was pulling her to one side and she staggered . 
 she almost caught herself , and then gina , grinning spitefully , reached over and shoved her backward , down the stairs , and there was nothing but air behind her . 
 she hit the edge of every stair , all the way to the bottom . 
 her backpack broke open and spilled books as she tumbled , and at the top of the stairs monica and the monickettes laughed and hooted and high-fived , but she saw it only in disconnected little jerks of motion , freeze-frames . 
 it seemed to take forever before she skidded to a stop at the bottom , and then her head hit the wall with a nasty , meaty sound , and everything went black . 
 she later remembered only one more thing , in the darkness : monica 's voice , a low and vicious whisper . 
 `` tonight . 
 you 'll get what 's coming to you , you freak . 
 i 'm going to make sure . '' 
 it seemed like seconds , but when she woke up again there was somebody kneeling next to her , and it was n't monica or her nail-polish mafia ; it was erica , who had the room at the top of the stairs , four doors down from claire 's . 
 erica looked pale and strained and scared , and claire tried to smile , because that was what you did when somebody was scared . 
 she did n't hurt until she moved , and then her head started to throb . 
 there was a red-hot ache near the top , and when she reached up to touch it she felt a hard raised knot . 
 no blood , though . 
 it hurt worse when she probed the spot , but not in an oh-my-god-skull-fracture kind of way , or at least that was what she hoped . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 erica asked , waving her hands kind of helplessly in midair as claire wiggled her way up to a sitting position against the wall . 
 claire risked a quick look past her up the stairs , then down . 
 the coast looked monica-clear . 
 nobody else had come out to see what was up , either - most of them were afraid of getting in trouble , and the rest just flat did n't care . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , and managed a shaky laugh . 
 `` guess i tripped . '' 
 `` you need to go to the quack shack ? '' 
 which was college code for the university clinic . 
 `` or , god , an ambulance or whatever ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no , i 'm okay . '' 
 wishful thinking , but although basically everything in her body hurt like hell , nothing felt like it had broken into pieces . 
 claire got to her feet , winced at a sore ankle , and picked up her backpack . 
 notebooks tumbled out . 
 erica grabbed a couple and jammed them back in , then ran lightly up a few steps to gather the scattered textbooks . 
 `` damn , claire , do you really need all this crap ? 
 how many classes do you have in a day ? '' 
 `` six . '' 
 `` you 're nuts . '' 
 erica , good deed done , reverted to the neutrality that all the noncool girls in the dorm had shown her so far . 
 `` better get to the quack shack , seriously . 
 you look like crap . '' 
 claire pasted on a smile and kept it there until erica got to the top of the stairs and started complaining about the broken lock on her dorm room . 
 tonight , monica had leaned over and whispered . 
 you 'll get what 's coming to you , you freak . 
 she had n't called anybody , or tried to find out if claire had a broken neck . 
 she did n't care if claire died . 
 no , that was wrong . 
 the problem was , she did care . 
 claire tasted blood . 
 her lip was split , and it was bleeding . 
 she wiped at the mess with the back of her hand , then the hem of her t-shirt before realizing that it was literally the only thing she had to wear . 
 i need to go down to the basement and get my clothes out of the trash . 
 the idea of going down there - going anywhere alone in this dorm - suddenly terrified her . 
 monica was waiting . 
 and the other girls would n't do anything . 
 even erica , who was probably the nicest one in the whole place , was scared to come right out on her side . 
 hell , erica got hassled , too , but she was probably just as glad that claire was there to get the worst of it . 
 this was n't just as bad as high school , where she 'd been treated with contempt and casual cruelty - this was worse , a lot worse . 
 and she did n't even have any friends here . 
 erica was about the best she 'd been able to come up with , and erica was more concerned about her broken door than claire 's broken head . 
 she was alone . 
 and if she had n't been before , she was scared now . 
 really , really scared . 
 what she 'd seen in the monica mafia 's eyes today was n't just the usual lazy menace of cool girls versus the geeks ; this was worse . 
 she 'd gotten casual shoves or pinches before , trips , mean laughter , but this was more like lions coming in for the kill . 
 they 're going to kill me . 
 she started shakily down the flights of stairs , every step a wincing pain through her body , and remembered that she 'd slapped monica hard enough to leave a mark . 
 yeah . 
 they 're going to kill me . 
 erica was right about the quack shack being the logical first stop ; claire got her ankle wrapped , an ice pack , and some frowns over the forming bruises . 
 nothing broken , but she was going to be black-and-blue for days . 
 the doctor asked some pro forma questions about boyfriends and stuff , but since she could truthfully say that no , her boyfriend had n't beaten her up , he just shrugged and told her to watch her step . 
 he wrote her an excuse note , too , and gave her some painkillers and told her to go home . 
 no way was she going back to the dorm . 
 truth was , she did n't have much in the room - some books , a few photos of home , some posters ... she had n't even had a chance to call it home , and for whatever reason , she 'd never really felt safe there . 
 it had always felt like ... a warehouse . 
 a warehouse for kids who were , one way or another , going to leave . 
 she limped over to the quad , which was a big empty concrete space with some rickety old benches and picnic tables , cornered on all sides by squat , unappealing buildings that mostly just looked like boxes with windows . 
 architecture-student projects , probably . 
 she heard a rumor that one of them had fallen down a few years back , but then , she 'd also heard rumors about a janitor getting beheaded in the chem lab and haunting the building , and zombies roaming the grounds after dark , so she was n't putting too much stock in it . 
 it was midafternoon already , and not a lot of students were hanging around the quad , with its lack of shade - great design , considering that the weather was still hovering up in the high nineties in september . 
 claire picked up a campus paper from the stand , carefully took a seat on the blazing-hot bench , and opened it to the `` housing '' section . 
 dorm rooms were out of the question ; howard hall and lansdale hall were the only two that took in girls under twenty . 
 she was n't old enough to qualify for the coed dorms . 
 stupid rules were probably written when girls wore hoopskirts , she thought , and skipped the dorm listings until she got to off campus . 
 not that she was really allowed to be living off campus ; mom and dad would have a total freak-out over it , no question . 
 but ... if it was between monica and parental freakage , she 'd take the latter . 
 after all , the important thing was to get herself someplace where she felt safe , where she could study . 
 right ? 
 she dug in her backpack , found her cell phone , and checked for coverage . 
 it was kind of lame in morganville , truthfully , out in the middle of the prairie , in the middle of texas , which was about as middle of nowhere as it was possible to get unless you wanted to go to mongolia or something . 
 two bars . 
 not great , but it 'd do . 
 claire started dialing numbers . 
 the first person told her that they 'd already found somebody , and hung up before she could even say , `` thanks . '' 
 the second one sounded like a weird old guy . 
 the third one was a weird old lady . 
 the fourth one ... well , the fourth one was just plain weird . 
 the fifth listing down read , three roommates seeking fourth , huge old house , privacy assured , reasonable rent and utilities . 
 which ... okay , she was n't sure that she could afford `` reasonable '' - she was more looking for `` dirt cheap '' - but at least it sounded less weird than the others . 
 three roommates . 
 that meant three more people who 'd maybe take up for her if monica and company came sniffing around ... or at least take up for the house . 
 hmmmmm . 
 she called , and got an answering machine with a mellow-sounding , young-sounding male voice . 
 `` hello , you 've reached the glass house . 
 if you 're looking for michael , he sleeps days . 
 if you 're looking for shane , good luck with that , 'cause we never know where the hell he is '' - distant laughter from at least two people - `` and if you 're looking for eve , you 'll probably get her on her cell phone or at the shop . 
 but hey . 
 leave a message . 
 and if you 're looking to audition for the room , come on by . 
 it 's 716 west lot street . '' 
 a totally different voice , a female one lightened up by giggles like bubbles in soda , said , `` yeah , just look for the mansion . '' 
 and then a third voice , male again . 
 `` gone with the wind meets the munsters . '' 
 more laughter , and a beep . 
 claire blinked , coughed , and finally said , `` um ... hi . 
 my name is claire ? 
 claire danvers ? 
 and i was , um , calling about the , um , room thing . 
 sorry . '' 
 and hung up in a panic . 
 those three people sounded ... normal . 
 but they sounded pretty close , too . 
 and in her experience , groups of friends like that just did n't open up to include underage , undersized geeks like her . 
 they had n't sounded mean ; they just sounded - self-confident . 
 something she was n't . 
 she checked the rest of the listings , and felt her heart actually sink a little . 
 maybe an inch and a half , with a slight sideways twist . 
 god , i 'm dead . 
 she could n't sleep out here on a bench like some homeless loser , and she could n't go back to the dorm ; she had to do something . 
 fine , she thought , and snapped her phone shut , then open again to dial a cab . 
 seven sixteen lot street . 
 gone with the wind meets the munsters . 
 right . 
 maybe they 'd at least feel sorry enough for her to put her up for one lousy night . 
 the cabbie - she figured he was just about the only cabdriver in morganville , which apart from the campus at tpu on the edge of town had only about ten thousand people in it - took an hour to show up . 
 claire had n't been in a car in six weeks , since her parents had driven her into town . 
 she had n't been much beyond a block of the campus , either , and then just to buy used books for class . 
 `` you meeting someone ? '' 
 the cabbie asked . 
 she was staring out the window at the storefronts : used-clothing shops , used-book shops , computer stores , stores that sold nothing but wooden greek letters . 
 all catering to the college . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the cabbie shrugged . 
 `` usually you kids are meeting up with friends . 
 if you 're looking for a good time - '' she shivered . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm - yes , i 'm meeting some people . 
 if you could hurry , please ... ? '' 
 he grunted and took a right turn , and the cab went from collegetown to creepytown in one block flat . 
 she could n't define how it happened exactly - the buildings were pretty much the same , but they looked dim and old , and the few people moving on the streets had their heads down and were walking fast . 
 even when people were walking in twos or threes , they were n't chatting . 
 when the cab passed , people looked up , then down again , as if they 'd been looking for another kind of car . 
 a little girl was walking with her hand in her mother 's , and as the cab stopped for a light , the girl waved , just a little . 
 claire waved back . 
 the girl 's mother looked up , alarmed , and hustled her kid away into the black mouth of a store that sold used electronics . 
 wow , claire thought . 
 do i look that scary ? 
 maybe she did . 
 or maybe morganville was just ultracareful of its kids . 
 funny , now that she thought about it , there was something missing in this town . 
 signs . 
 she 'd seen them all her life stapled to telephone poles ... advertisements for lost dogs , missing kids or adults . 
 nothing here . 
 nothing . 
 `` lot street , '' the cabbie announced , and squealed to a stop . 
 `` ten fifty . '' 
 for a five-minute ride ? 
 claire thought , amazed , but she paid up . 
 she thought about shooting him the finger as he drove away , but he looked kind of dangerous , and besides , she really was n't the kind of girl who did that sort of thing . 
 usually . 
 it was a bad day , though . 
 she hoisted her backpack again , hit a bruise on her shoulder , and nearly dropped the weight on her foot . 
 tears stung at her eyes . 
 all of a sudden she felt tired and shaky again , scared ... at least on campus she 'd kind of been on relatively familiar ground , but out here in town it was like being a stranger , all over again . 
 morganville was brown . 
 burned brown by the sun , beaten down by wind and weather . 
 hot summer was starting to give way to hot autumn , and the leaves on the trees - what trees there were - looked gray-edged and dry , and they rattled like paper in the wind . 
 west lot street was near what passed for the downtown district in town , probably an old residential neighborhood . 
 nothing special about the homes that she could see ... ranch houses , most of them with peeling , faded paint . 
 she counted house numbers , and realized she was standing in front of 716 . 
 she turned and looked behind her , and gasped , because whoever the guy had been on the phone , he 'd been dead-on right in his description . 
 seven sixteen looked like a movie set , something straight out of the civil war . 
 big graying columns . 
 a wide front porch . 
 two stories of windows . 
 the place was huge . 
 well , not huge - but bigger than claire had imagined . 
 like , big enough to be a frat house , and probably perfectly suited to it . 
 she could just imagine greek letters over the door . 
 it looked deserted , but to be fair every house on the block looked deserted . 
 late afternoon , nobody home from work yet . 
 a few cars glittered in the white-hot sunshine , finish softened by a layer of dirt . 
 no cars in front of 716 , though . 
 this was such a bad idea , she thought , and there were those tears again , bubbling up along with panic . 
 what was she going to do ? 
 walk up to the door and beg to be a roommate ? 
 how lame-ass was that ? 
 they 'd think she was pathetic at best , a head case at worst . 
 no , it had been a dumb idea to even blow the money on cab fare . 
 it was hot , and she was tired and she hurt and she had homework due , and no place to sleep , and all of a sudden , it was just too much . 
 claire dropped her backpack , buried her bruised face in both hands , and just started sobbing like a baby . 
 crybaby freak , she imagined monica saying , but that just made her sob harder , and all of a sudden the idea of going home , going home to mom and dad and the room she knew they 'd kept open for her , seemed better , better than anything out here in the scary , crazy world ... `` hey , '' a girl 's voice said , and someone touched her on the elbow . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 claire yelped and jumped , landed hard on her strained ankle , and nearly toppled over . 
 the girl who 'd scared her reached out and grabbed her arm to steady her , looking genuinely scared herself . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! 
 god , i 'm such a klutz . 
 look , are you okay ? '' 
 the girl was n't monica , or jen , or gina , or anybody else she 'd seen around the campus at tpu ; this girl was way goth . 
 not in a bad way - she did n't have the sulky i 'm - so-not-cool-i 'm - cool attitude of most of the goths claire had known in school - but the dyed-black , shag-cut hair , the pale makeup , the heavy eyeliner and mascara , the red-and-black-striped tights and clunky black shoes and black pleated miniskirt ... very definitely a fan of the dark side . 
 `` my name 's eve , '' the girl said , and smiled . 
 it was a sweet , funny kind of smile , something that invited claire to share in a private joke . 
 `` yeah , my parents really named me that , go figure . 
 it 's like they knew how i 'd turn out . '' 
 her smile faded , and she took a good look at claire 's face . 
 `` wow . 
 jeez , nice black eye . 
 who hit you ? '' 
 `` nobody . '' 
 claire said it instantly , without even thinking why , although she knew in her bones that goth eve was in no way bestest friends with preppy monica . 
 `` i had an accident . '' 
 `` yeah , '' eve agreed softly . 
 `` i used to have those kinds of accidents , falling into fists and stuff . 
 like i said , i 'm a klutz . 
 you okay ? 
 you need a doctor or something ? 
 i can drive you if you want . '' 
 she gestured to the street next to them , and claire realized that while she 'd been sobbing her eyes out , an ancient beater of a black cadillac - complete with tail fins - had been docked at the curb . 
 there was a cheery-looking skull dangling from the rearview mirror , and claire had no doubt that the back bumper would be plastered with stickers for emo bands nobody had ever heard of . 
 she liked eve already . 
 `` no , '' she said , and swiped at her eyes angrily with the back of her hand . 
 `` i , uh - look , i 'm sorry . 
 it 's been a really awful day . 
 i was coming to ask about the room , but - '' `` right , the room ! '' 
 eve snapped her fingers , as if she 'd forgotten all about it , and jumped up and down two or three times in excitement . 
 `` great ! 
 i 'm just home for break - i work over at common grounds , you know , the coffee shop ? 
 - and michael wo n't be up for a while yet , but you can come in and see the house if you want . 
 i do n't know if shane 's around , but - '' `` i do n't know if i should - '' `` you should . 
 you totally should . '' 
 eve rolled her eyes . 
 `` you would n't believe the losers we see trying to get in the door . 
 i mean , seriously . 
 freaks . 
 you 're the first normal one i 've seen so far . 
 michael would kick my ass if i let you get away without at least trying a sales pitch . '' 
 claire blinked . 
 somehow , she 'd been thinking that she 'd be the one begging for them to consider her ... and normal ? 
 eve thought she was normal ? 
 `` sure , '' she heard herself say . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'd like that . '' 
 eve grabbed her backpack and slung it over her own shoulder , on top of her black silver-studded purse in the shape of a coffin . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 and she bounced away , up the walk to the gracious southern gothic front porch to unlock the door . 
 up close , the house looked old , but not really rundown as such ; weathered , claire decided . 
 could have used some paint here and there , and the cast-iron chairs needed a coat , too . 
 the front door was actually double-sized , with a big stained-glass panel at the top . 
 `` yo ! '' 
 eve yelled , and dumped claire 's backpack on a table in the hallway , her purse next to it , her keys in an antique-looking ashtray with a cast-iron monkey on the handle . 
 `` roomies ! 
 we 've got a live one ! '' 
 it occurred to claire , as the door boomed shut behind her , that there were a couple of ways to interpret that , and one of them - the texas chainsaw massacre way - was n't good . 
 she stopped moving , frozen , and just looked around . 
 nothing overtly creepy about the inside of the house , at least . 
 lots of wood , clean and simple . 
 chips of paint knocked off of corners , like it had seen a lot of life . 
 it smelled like lemon polish and - chili ? 
 `` yo ! '' 
 eve yelled again , and clumped on down the hall . 
 it opened up to a bigger room ; from what claire could see , there were big leather couches and bookshelves , like a real home . 
 maybe this was what off-campus housing looked like . 
 if so , it was a big step up from dorm life . 
 `` shane , i smell the chili . 
 i know you 're here ! 
 get your headphones out of your ears ! '' 
 she could n't quite imagine texas chainsaw massacre taking place in a room like that , either . 
 that was a plus . 
 or , for that matter , serial-killing roommates doing something as homey as making chili . 
 good chili , from the way it smelled . 
 with ... garlic ? 
 she took a couple of hesitant steps down the hallway . 
 eve 's footsteps were clunking off into another room , maybe the kitchen . 
 the house seemed very quiet . 
 nothing jumped out to scare her , so claire proceeded , one careful foot after another , all the way into the big central room . 
 and a guy lying sprawled on the couch - the way only guys could sprawl - yawned and sat up rubbing his head . 
 when claire opened her mouth - whether to say hello or to yell for help , she did n't know - he surprised her into silence by grinning at her and putting his finger over his mouth to shush her . 
 `` hey , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm shane . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 he blinked a couple of times , and without any change in his expression , said , `` dude , that is a badass shiner . 
 hurts , huh ? '' 
 she nodded slightly . 
 shane swung his legs off the couch and sat there , watching her , elbows on his knees and hands dangling loosely . 
 he had brown hair , cut in uneven layers that did n't quite manage to look punk . 
 he was an older boy , older than her , anyway . 
 eighteen ? 
 a big guy , and tall to match it . 
 big enough to make her feel more miniature than usual . 
 she thought his eyes looked brown , but she did n't dare meet them for more than a flicker at a time . 
 `` so i guess you 're gon na say that the other chick looks worse , '' shane said . 
 she shook her head , then winced when motion made it hurt even more . 
 `` no , i - um - how did you know it was - ? '' 
 `` a chick ? 
 easy . 
 size you are , a guy would have put you in the hospital with a punch hard enough to leave a mark like that . 
 so what 's up with that ? 
 you do n't look like you go looking for trouble . '' 
 she felt like she ought to take offense about that , but honestly , this whole thing was starting to feel like some strange dream anyway . 
 maybe she 'd never woken up at all . 
 maybe she was lying in a coma in a hospital bed , and shane was just her lame-ass equivalent of the cheshire cat . 
 `` i 'm claire , '' she said , and waved awkwardly . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he nodded toward a leather wing chair . 
 she slid into it , feet dangling , and felt a weird sense of relief wash over her . 
 it felt like home , although of course it was n't , and she was starting to think that it really could n't be . 
 she did n't fit here . 
 she could n't actually imagine who would . 
 `` you want something ? '' 
 shane asked suddenly . 
 `` coke , maybe ? 
 chili ? 
 bus ticket back home ? '' 
 `` coke , '' she said , and , surprisingly , `` and chili . '' 
 `` good choice . 
 i made it myself . '' 
 he slid off the couch , weirdly boneless for his size , and padded barefoot into the kitchen where eve had gone . 
 claire listened to a blur of voices as the two of them talked , and relaxed , one muscle at a time , into the soft embrace of the chair . 
 she had n't noticed until now , but the house was kept cool , and the lazy circle of the ceiling fan overhead swept chilly air over her hot , aching face . 
 it felt nice . 
 she opened her eyes at the sound of eve 's shoes clomping back into the room . 
 eve was carrying a tray with a red and white can , a bowl , a spoon , and an ice pack . 
 she set the tray on a coffee table and nudged the table toward claire with her knee . 
 `` ice pack first , '' she said . 
 `` you can never tell what shane puts in the chili . 
 be afraid . '' 
 shane padded back to the couch and flopped , sucking on his own can of soda . 
 eve shot him an exasperated look . 
 `` yeah , man , thanks for bringing me one , too . '' 
 the raccoon eye makeup exaggerated her eye roll . 
 `` dork . '' 
 `` did n't know if you wanted zombie dirt sprinkled on it or anything . 
 if you 're eating this week . '' 
 `` dork ! 
 go on and eat , claire - i 'll go get my own . '' 
 claire picked up the spoon and tried a tentative bite of the chili , which was thick and meaty and spicy , heavy on the garlic . 
 delicious , in fact . 
 she 'd gotten used to cafeteria food , and this was just ... wow . 
 not . 
 shane watched her , eyebrows up , as she started to shovel it in . '' 
 ` sgood , '' she mumbled . 
 he gave her a lazy salute . 
 by the time she was halfway through the bowl , eve was back with her own tray , which she plunked down on the other half of the coffee table . 
 eve sat on the floor , crossed her legs , and dug in . 
 `` not bad , '' she finally said . 
 `` at least you left out the oh-my-god sauce this time . '' 
 `` made myself a batch with it , '' shane said . 
 `` it 's got the biohazard sticker on it in the fridge , so do n't bitch if you get flamed . 
 where 'd you pick up the stray ? '' 
 `` outside . 
 she came to see the room . '' 
 `` you beat her up first , just to make sure she 's tough enough ? '' 
 `` bite me , chili boy . '' 
 `` do n't mind eve , '' he told claire . 
 `` she hates working days . 
 she 's afraid she 'll tan . '' 
 `` yeah , and shane just hates working . 
 so what 's your name ? '' 
 claire opened her mouth , but shane beat her to it , clearly happy to one-up his roomie . 
 `` claire . 
 what , you did n't even ask ? 
 a chick beat her up , too . 
 probably some skank in the dorms . 
 you know how that place is . '' 
 they exchanged a look . 
 a long one . 
 eve turned back to claire . 
 `` is that true ? 
 you got beat up in the dorm ? '' 
 she nodded , hastily shoveling more food in her mouth to keep from having to say much . 
 `` well , that totally blows . 
 no wonder you 're looking for the room . '' 
 another nod . 
 `` you did n't bring much with you . '' 
 `` i do n't have much , '' she said . 
 `` just the books , and maybe a couple of things back at my room . 
 but - i do n't want to go back there to get stuff . 
 not tonight . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 shane had grabbed a ratty-looking old baseball from the floor and tossed it up toward the tall ceiling , narrowly missing the spinning blades of the fan . 
 he caught it without effort . 
 `` somebody still looking to pound you ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' claire said , and looked down into her fast-diminishing chili . 
 `` guess so . 
 it 's not just her , it 's - she 's got friends . 
 and ... i do n't . 
 that place just - well , it 's creepy . '' 
 `` been there , '' eve said . 
 `` oh , wait , still there . '' 
 shane mimed throwing the baseball at her . 
 she mimed ducking . 
 `` what time is michael getting up ? '' 
 shane gave her another mock throw . 
 `` hell , eve , i do n't know . 
 i love the guy , but i do n't love the guy . 
 go bang on his door and ask . 
 me , i 'm gon na go get ready . '' 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` you 're not seriously going out again , are you ? '' 
 `` seriously , yeah . 
 bowling . 
 her name 's laura . 
 if you want more details , you 're gon na have to download the video like everybody else . '' 
 shane rolled off the couch , stood up , and padded off toward the wide stairs leading up to the second floor . 
 `` see you later , claire . '' 
 eve made a frustrated sound . 
 `` wait a minute ! 
 so what do you say ? 
 you think she 'd do okay here , or what ? '' 
 shane waved a hand . 
 `` whatever , man . 
 far as i 'm concerned , she 's okay . '' 
 he gave claire one quick look and a crooked and oddly sweet smile , and bounded up the stairs . 
 he moved like an athlete , but without the swagger she was used to . 
 kind of hot , actually . 
 `` guys , '' eve sighed . 
 `` damn , it 'd be good to have another girl in here . 
 they 're all like , yeah , whatever , and then when it comes to picking up the place or washing dishes , they turn into ghosts . 
 not that you have to , like , be a maid or anything , i mean ... you just got to yell at 'em until they do their part or they walk all over you . '' 
 claire smiled , or tried to , but her split lip throbbed , and she felt the scab break open again . 
 blood dribbled down her chin , and she grabbed the napkin eve had put on the tray and applied pressure to her lip . 
 eve watched in silence , frowning , and then got up from the floor , picked up the ice pack , and settled it gently against the bump on claire 's head . 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` better . '' 
 it was . 
 the ice began to numb the ache almost immediately , and the food was setting up a nice warm fire in her stomach . 
 `` um , i guess i should ask ... about the room ... '' `` well , you have to meet michael , and he has to say yes , but michael 's a sweetie , really . 
 oh , and he owns this place . 
 his family does , anyway . 
 i think they moved away and left him the house a couple of years ago . 
 he 's about six months older than i am . 
 we 're all about eighteen . 
 michael 's sort of the oldest . '' 
 `` he sleeps days ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , i like to sleep days , but he 's got a thing about it . 
 i called him a vampire once , 'cause he really does n't like being up in the daytime . 
 like , ever . 
 he did n't think it was real funny . '' 
 `` you 're sure he 's not a vampire ? '' 
 claire said . 
 `` i 've seen movies . 
 they 're sneaky . '' 
 she was kidding . 
 eve did n't smile . 
 `` oh , pretty sure . 
 for one thing , he eats shane 's chili , which , god knows , has enough garlic to explode a dozen high-quality dracs . 
 and i made him touch a cross once . '' 
 eve took a big swallow of her coke . 
 `` you - what ? 
 made him ? '' 
 `` well , sure , yeah . 
 i mean , a girl ca n't be too careful , especially around here . '' 
 claire must have looked blank , because eve did the eye-roll thing again . 
 it was her favorite expression , claire was sure . 
 `` in morganville ? 
 you know ? '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` you mean you do n't know ? 
 how can you not know ? '' 
 eve set her can down and got up to her knees , leaning elbows on the coffee table . 
 she looked earnest under the thick makeup . 
 her eyes were dark brown , edged with gold . 
 `` morganville 's full of vampires . '' 
 claire laughed . 
 eve did n't . 
 she just kept staring . 
 `` um ... you 're kidding ? '' 
 `` how many kids graduate tpu every year ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... it 's a crappy college , most everybody transfers out ... '' `` everybody leaves . 
 or at least , they stop showing up , right ? 
 i ca n't believe you do n't know this . 
 did n't anybody tell you the score before you moved in ? 
 look , the vamps run the town . 
 they 're in charge . 
 and either you 're in , or you 're out . 
 if you work for them , if you pretend like they 're not here and they do n't exist , and you look the other way when things happen , then you and your family get a free pass . 
 you get protection . 
 otherwise ... '' eve pulled a finger across her throat and bugged out her eyes . 
 right , claire thought , and put down her spoon . 
 no wonder nobody rented a room with these people . 
 they 're nuts . 
 it was too bad . 
 except for the crazy part , she really liked them . 
 `` you think i 'm wacko , '' eve said , and sighed . 
 `` yeah , i get that . 
 i 'd think i was , too , except i grew up in a protected house . 
 my dad works for the water company . 
 my mom is a teacher . 
 but we all wear these . '' 
 she extended her wrist . 
 on it was a black leather bracelet , with a symbol on it in red , nothing claire recognized . 
 it looked kind of like a chinese character . 
 `` see how mine 's red ? 
 expired . 
 it 's like health insurance . 
 kids are only covered until they 're eighteen . 
 mine was up six months ago . '' 
 she looked at it mournfully , then shrugged and unsnapped it to drop it on her tray . 
 `` might as well stop wearing it , i guess . 
 it sure would n't fool anybody . '' 
 claire just looked at her , helpless , wondering if she was the victim of a practical joke , and if any second eve was going to laugh and call her an idiot for buying it , and shane would go from kind of lazy-sweet to cruel and shove her out the door , mocking all the way . 
 because this was n't the way the world worked . 
 you did n't like people , and then have them turn up all crazy , right ? 
 could n't you tell ? 
 the alternative - that eve was n't crazy at all - just was n't anything claire wanted to think about . 
 she remembered the people on the street , walking fast , heads down . 
 the way the mother had yanked her little girl off the street at a friendly wave . 
 `` fine . 
 go ahead , think i 'm nuts , '' eve said , and sat back on her heels . 
 `` i mean , why would n't i be ? 
 and i wo n't try to convince you or anything . 
 just - do n't go out after dark unless you 're with somebody . 
 somebody protected , if you can find them . 
 look for the bracelet . '' 
 she nudged hers with one finger . 
 `` the symbol 's white when it 's active . '' 
 `` but i - '' claire coughed , trying to find something to say . 
 if you ca n't say anything nice ... `` okay . 
 thanks . 
 um , is shane - ? '' 
 `` shane ? 
 protected ? '' 
 eve snorted . 
 `` as if ! 
 even if he was , which i doubt , he 'd never admit it , and he does n't wear the bracelet or anything . 
 michael - michael is n't , either , but there 's sort of a standard protection on houses . 
 we 're sort of outcasts here . 
 there 's safety in numbers , too . '' 
 it was a very weird conversation to be having over chili and coke , with an ice pack perched on the top of her head . 
 claire , without even knowing she was going to do it , yawned . 
 eve laughed . 
 `` call it a bedtime story , '' she said . 
 `` listen , let me show you the room . 
 worst case , you lie down for a while , let the ice pack work , then bug out . 
 or hey , you wake up and decide you want to talk to michael before you leave . 
 your choice . '' 
 another cold chill swept over her , and she shivered . 
 probably had to do with the bang on the head , she figured , and how tired she was . 
 she dug in her pocket , found the package of pills the doc had prescribed for her , and swallowed one with the last gulp of coke . 
 then she helped eve carry the trays into the kitchen , which was huge , with stone sinks and ancient polished counters and two modern conveniences - the stove and the refrigerator - stuck awkwardly in the corners . 
 the chili had come from a crock-pot , which was still simmering away . 
 when the dishes had been washed , trays stacked , trash discarded , eve retrieved claire 's backpack from the floor and led her through the living room , up the stairs . 
 on the third riser , eve turned , alarmed , and said , `` hey , can you make it up the stairs ? 
 because , you know - '' `` i 'm okay , '' claire lied . 
 her ankle hurt like hell , but she wanted to see the room . 
 and if they were likely to throw her out later , she at least wanted to sleep one more time in a bed , however lumpy and old . 
 there were thirteen steps to the top . 
 she made every one of them , even though she left sweaty fingerprints on a banister shane had n't even bothered to touch on his way up earlier . 
 eve 's steps were muffled here by a rich old-looking rug , all swirls and colors , that ran down the center of the polished wood floor . 
 there were six doors up here on the landing . 
 as they passed them , eve pointed and named . 
 `` shane 's . '' 
 the first door . 
 `` michael 's . '' 
 the second door . 
 `` he 's got that one , too - it 's a double-sized room . '' 
 third door . 
 `` main bathroom . '' 
 fourth . 
 `` the second bathroom 's downstairs - that 's kind of the emergency backup bathroom when shane 's in there moussing his hair for like an hour or something ... '' `` bite me ! '' 
 shane yelled from behind the closed door . 
 eve pounded a fist on the door and led claire to the last two on the row . 
 `` this one 's mine . 
 yours is on the end . '' 
 when she swung it open , claire - prepared for disappointment - actually gasped . 
 for one thing , it was huge . 
 three times the size of her dorm room . 
 for another , it was on a corner , with three - three ! 
 - windows , all currently shaded by blinds and curtains . 
 the bed was n't some dorm-sized miniature ; it was a full-sized mattress and box spring with massive wooden columns at the corners , dark and solid . 
 there was a dresser along one wall big enough to hold , well , four or five times the clothes that claire had ever owned . 
 plus a closet . 
 plus ... `` is that a tv ? '' 
 she asked in a faint voice . 
 `` yeah . 
 satellite cable . 
 you 'd pitch in , though , unless you want to take it out of the room . 
 oh , and there 's internet , too . 
 broadband , over there . 
 i should probably warn you , they monitor internet traffic around here , though . 
 you have to be careful what you say in messages and stuff . '' 
 eve put the backpack on top of the dresser . 
 `` you do n't have to decide right now . 
 you probably ought to rest first . 
 here , here 's your ice pack . '' 
 she followed claire to the bed and helped her pull back the covers , and once claire had pulled off her shoes and settled , she tucked her in , like a mother , and put the ice pack on her head . 
 `` when you get up , michael 'll probably be awake . 
 i have to get back to work , but it 'll be okay . 
 really . '' 
 claire smiled at her , a little fuzzily ; the painkillers were starting to take effect . 
 she got another chill . 
 `` thank you , eve , '' she said . 
 `` this is - wow . '' 
 `` yeah , well , you look like you could use a little wow today . '' 
 eve shrugged , and gave her a stunning smile back . 
 `` sleep well . 
 and do n't worry , the vampires wo n't come in here . 
 this house has protection , even if we do n't . '' 
 claire turned that over in her mind for a few seconds as eve left the room and shut the door , and then her mind wandered off in happy clouds of noticing the softness of the pillow and how good the bed felt , and how crisp the sheets were ... she dreamed about the strangest thing : a silent room , with someone pale and quiet sitting on a velvet sofa , turning pages in a book and weeping . 
 it did n't scare her , exactly , but she felt cold , on and off , and the house ... the house seemed like it was full of whispers . 
 eventually , she fell into a deeper , darker place , and did n't dream at all . 
 not even about monica . 
 she woke up in the dark with a panicked flinch that sent the ice pack - water sloshing in a bag now - thumping off her pillow and onto the floor . 
 the house was quiet , except for the creaky , creepy noises houses made at night . 
 outside , wind rattled the dry leaves on the trees , and she heard music coming from the other side of the bedroom door . 
 claire slid out of bed , fumbled for a lamp , and found one next to the bed - tiffany-style glass , really nice - and the colorful glow chased away any nightmare fears she 'd been trying to have . 
 the music was slow and warm and contemplative , kind of guitar alternative . 
 she got her shoes on , took a look in the dresser mirror , and got a nasty shock . 
 her face still hurt , and it was obvious why - her right eye was swollen , the skin around it purple . 
 her split lip looked shiny and unpleasantly thick , too . 
 her face - always pale - looked even paler than normal . 
 her short pixie-cut black hair had a serious case of bed-head , but she fluffed it out into something like order . 
 she 'd never really been much for makeup , even when she 'd been stealing mom 's to try on , but today maybe a little foundation and concealer could n't hurt ... she looked ragged , and beaten , and homeless . 
 well . 
 it was nothing but the truth , after all . 
 claire took a deep breath and opened her bedroom door . 
 lights were on in the hall , warm and glowing gold ; the music was coming from downstairs , in the living room . 
 she checked a clock hanging on the wall at the far end ; it was after midnight - she 'd slept for more than twelve hours . 
 and missed all her classes . 
 not that she 'd have wanted to show up looking like this , even if she had n't been so paranoid about monica following her around ... but she 'd need to hit the books later . 
 at least the books did n't hit back . 
 her bruises felt better , and in fact her head hurt only a little . 
 her ankle was still the worst of it , sending sharp glassy jabs of pain up her leg with every step down the stairs . 
 she was halfway down when she saw the boy sitting on the couch , where shane had been sprawled before . 
 he had a guitar in his hands . 
 oh . 
 the music . 
 she 'd thought it was a recording , but no , this was real , this was live , and he was playing it . 
 she 'd never heard live music before - not really playing , not like this . 
 he was ... wow . 
 he was wonderful . 
 she watched him , frozen , because he clearly did n't even know she existed yet ; it was just him and the guitar and the music , and if she had to put a name to what she could see on his face , it would be something poetic , like longing . 
 he was blond , his hair cut kind of like shane 's , in a careless mop . 
 not as big as shane , and not as muscled , though he was maybe as tall . 
 he was wearing a t-shirt , too , black , with a beer logo . 
 blue jeans . 
 no shoes . 
 he stopped playing , head down , and reached for the open beer on the table in front of him . 
 he toasted empty air . 
 `` happy birthday to you , man . '' 
 he tossed back three swallows , sighed , and put the bottle down . 
 `` and here 's to house arrest . 
 what the hell . 
 own it or get owned . '' 
 claire coughed . 
 he turned , startled , and saw her standing there on the stairs ; his frown cleared after a second or two . 
 `` oh . 
 you 're the one shane said wanted to talk about the room . 
 hey . 
 come on down . '' 
 she did , trying not to limp , and when she got into the full light she saw his quick , intelligent blue eyes catalog the bruises . 
 he did n't say a word about them . 
 `` i 'm michael , '' he said . 
 `` and you 're not eighteen , so this is going to be a real short conversation . '' 
 she sat , fast , heart pounding . 
 `` i 'm in college , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm a freshman . 
 my name is - '' `` do n't bullshit me , and i do n't care what your name is . 
 you 're not eighteen . 
 it 's a good bet you 're not even seventeen . 
 we do n't take anybody in this house who is n't legal . '' 
 he had a deep voice , warm but - at least right now - hard . 
 `` not that you 'd be signing on to orgy central , but sorry , me and shane have to worry about things like that . 
 all it takes is you living here and somebody even hinting there 's something going on - '' `` wait , '' she blurted . 
 `` i would n't do that . 
 or say that . 
 i 'm not looking to get you guys in trouble . 
 i just need - '' `` no , '' he said . 
 he put the guitar aside , in its case , and latched it shut . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you ca n't stay here . 
 house rules . '' 
 she 'd known it was coming , of course , but she 'd let herself think - eve had been nice , and shane had n't been horrible , and the room was so nice - but the look in michael 's eyes was as final as it got . 
 complete and utter rejection . 
 she felt her lips trembling , and hated herself for it . 
 why could n't she be a badass , stone-cold bitch ? 
 why could n't she stand up for herself when she needed to , without breaking down into tears like a baby ? 
 monica would n't be crying . 
 monica would be snapping some comeback at him , telling him that her stuff was already in the room . 
 monica would slap money down on the table and dare him to turn it down . 
 claire reached in her back pocket and pulled out her wallet . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 she asked , and started counting out bills . 
 she had twenties , so it looked like a lot . 
 `` three hundred enough ? 
 i can get more if i have to . '' 
 michael sat back , surprised , a little frown bracketing his forehead . 
 he reached for his beer and took another sip while he thought about it . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` how would you get more ? '' 
 `` get a job . 
 sell stuff . '' 
 not that she had much to sell , but in an emergency there was always the panicked call to mom . 
 `` i want to stay here , michael . 
 i really do . '' 
 she was surprised at the conviction in her voice . 
 `` yeah , i 'm under eighteen , but i swear , you wo n't have any trouble from me . 
 i 'll stay out of your way . 
 i go to school , and i study . 
 that 's all i do . 
 i 'm not a partyer , i 'm not a slacker . 
 i 'm useful . 
 i 'll - i 'll help clean and cook . '' 
 he thought about it , staring at her ; he was the kind of person you could actually see thinking . 
 it was a little scary , although he probably did n't mean it to be . 
 there was just something so ... adult about him . 
 so sure of himself . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kid . 
 but it 's just too much risk . '' 
 `` eve 's only a little bit older than i am ! '' 
 `` eve 's eighteen . 
 you 're what , sixteen ? '' 
 `` almost seventeen ! '' 
 if you were a little fluid on the definition of almost . 
 `` i really am in college . 
 i 'm a freshman - look , here 's my student id ... '' he ignored it . 
 `` come back in a year . 
 we 'll talk about it , '' he said . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry . 
 what about the dorm ? '' 
 `` they 'll kill me if i stay there , '' she said , and looked down at her clasped hands . 
 `` they tried to kill me today . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the other girls . 
 they punched me and shoved me down the stairs . '' 
 silence . 
 a really long one . 
 she heard the creak of leather , and then michael was on one knee next to the chair . 
 before she could stop him , he was probing the bump on her head , tilting it back so he could get a good , impersonal look at the bruises and cuts . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` besides what i can see ? 
 you 're not going to drop dead on me , are you ? '' 
 wow , sensitive . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i saw the doctor and everything . 
 it 's just - bruises . 
 and a strained ankle . 
 but they pushed me down the stairs , and they meant it , and she told me - '' suddenly , eve 's words about vampires came back to her and made her trip over her tongue . 
 `` the girl in charge , she told me that tonight , i 'd get what was coming to me . 
 i ca n't go back to the dorm , michael . 
 if you send me out that door , they 'll kill me , because i do n't have any friends and i do n't have anyplace to go ! '' 
 he stayed there for a few more seconds , looking her right in the eyes , and then retreated to the couch . 
 he unlatched the guitar case again and cradled the instrument ; she thought that was his comfort zone , right there , with the guitar in his arms . 
 `` these girls . 
 do they go out in daylight ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` you mean , outside ? 
 sure . 
 they go to classes . 
 well , sometimes . '' 
 `` do they wear bracelets ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` you mean , like - '' eve had left hers behind on the table , so she picked up the leather band with its red symbol . 
 `` like this ? 
 i never noticed . 
 they wear a lot of stuff . '' 
 she thought hard , and maybe she did remember something after all . 
 the bracelets did n't look like this , though . 
 they were gold , and monica and the monickettes all had them on their right wrists . 
 she 'd never paid much attention . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` bracelets with white symbols ? '' 
 michael made the question casual ; in fact , he bent his head and concentrated on tuning his guitar , not that it needed it . 
 every note sounded perfect as it whispered out of the strings . 
 `` do you remember ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she felt a pure burst of something that was n't quite panic , was n't quite excitement . 
 `` does that mean they have protection ? '' 
 he hesitated for about a second , just long enough for her to know he was surprised . 
 `` you mean condoms ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` does n't everybody ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 her cheeks were burning . 
 she hoped it was n't as obvious as it felt . 
 `` do n't think i do . '' 
 `` eve said - '' he looked up sharply , and those blue eyes were suddenly angry . 
 `` eve needs to keep her mouth shut . 
 she 's in enough danger as it is , trolling around out there in goth gear . 
 they already think she 's mocking them . 
 if they hear she 's talking ... '' `` they , who ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 it was his turn to look away . 
 `` people , '' he said flatly . 
 `` look , i do n't want your blood on my hands . 
 you can stay for a couple of days . 
 but only until you find a place , right ? 
 and make it fast - i 'm not running a halfway house for battered girls . 
 i 've got enough to worry about trying to keep eve and shane out of trouble . '' 
 for a guy who made such beautiful music , he was bitter , and a little scary . 
 claire put the money hesitantly on the table in front of him . 
 he stared at it , jaw tense . 
 `` the rent 's a hundred a month , '' he said . 
 `` you buy groceries once a month , too . 
 first month in advance . 
 but you 're not staying past that , so keep the rest . '' 
 she swallowed and picked up two hundred of the three hundred she 'd counted out . 
 `` thanks , '' she said . 
 `` do n't thank me , '' he said . 
 `` just do n't get us into trouble . 
 i mean it . '' 
 she got up , went into the kitchen , and spooned chili into two bowls , added the bowls to trays along with spoons and cokes , and brought it all back to set it on the coffee table . 
 michael stared at it , then her . 
 she sat down on the floor - painfully - and began eating . 
 after a pause , michael took his bowl and tasted it . 
 `` shane made it , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's pretty good . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 chili and spaghetti , that 's pretty much all shane can cook . 
 you know how to make anything ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` lasagna , '' she said . 
 `` and , um , sort of a hamburger hash thing , with noodles . 
 and tacos . '' 
 michael looked thoughtful . 
 `` could you make tacos tomorrow ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 `` i have classes from eleven to five , but i 'll stop and pick up the stuff . '' 
 he nodded , eating steadily , glancing up at her once in a while . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he finally said . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` being an asshole . 
 look , it 's just that i ca n't - i have to be careful . 
 really careful . '' 
 `` you were n't being an asshole , '' she said . 
 `` you 're trying to protect yourself and your friends . 
 that 's okay . 
 that 's what you 're supposed to do . '' 
 michael smiled , and it transformed his face , made it suddenly angelic and wonderful . 
 dude , she thought in amazement . 
 he 's totally gorgeous . 
 no wonder he 'd been worried about her being underage . 
 a smile like that , he 'd be peeling girls off of him right and left . 
 `` if you 're in this house , you 're my friend , '' he said . 
 `` what 's your name , by the way ? '' 
 `` claire . 
 claire danvers . '' 
 `` welcome to the glass house , claire danvers . '' 
 `` but only temporarily . '' 
 `` yeah , temporarily . '' 
 they shared a smile , uneasily , and michael cleared up the plates this time , and claire went back up to her room , to spread out her books on the built-in desk and start the day 's studying . 
 morning dawned bright and early , and claire woke up to the smell of frying bacon . 
 she stumbled to the bathroom down the hall , yawning , barely aware that she was scantily dressed in her extra-long t-shirt until she remembered , oh my god , boys live here , too . 
 luckily , nobody saw , and the bathroom was free . 
 somebody had already been in it this morning ; the mirrors were still frosted with steam , and the big black-and-white room glistened with drops of water . 
 it smelled clean , though . 
 and kind of fruity . 
 the fruity smell was the shampoo , she found , as she lathered and rinsed . 
 when she wiped the mirror down and stared at herself , she saw the patterns of bruises up and down both sides of her pale skin . 
 i could have died . 
 she 'd been lucky . 
 she tossed the t-shirt back on , then dashed back to her room to dig out the panties she 'd rescued yesterday from the washer . 
 they were still damp , but she put them on anyway , then dragged on blue jeans . 
 on impulse , she opened the closet , and found some old stuff pushed to the back . 
 t-shirts , mostly , from bands she 'd never heard of , and a few she remembered as ancient . 
 a couple of sweaters , too . 
 she stripped off her bloodstained shirt and dragged on a faded black one , and , after thinking about it , left her shoes on the floor . 
 downstairs , eve and shane were arguing in the kitchen about the right way to make scrambled eggs . 
 eve said they needed milk . 
 shane said milk was for pussies . 
 claire padded silently past them , over to the refrigerator , and pulled out a carton of orange juice . 
 she splashed some into a glass , then silently held the carton up for the other two . 
 eve took it and poured herself a glass , then handed it to shane . 
 `` so , '' shane asked , `` michael did n't pitch you out . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 shane nodded slowly . 
 he was even bigger and taller than she remembered , and his skin was a golden brown color , like he 'd spent a lot of time in the sun over the summer . 
 his hair had that bronzy sheen , too . 
 sun-bleached where michael was naturally blond . 
 okay , truthfully ? 
 they 're both hotties . 
 she wished she had n't really thought that , but at least she had n't said it out loud . 
 `` something you should know about michael , '' he said . 
 `` he does n't like taking chances . 
 i was n't sure he 'd let you stay . 
 if he did , then he got a good vibe off of you . 
 do n't disrespect that , because if you do - i wo n't be happy , either . 
 got it ? '' 
 eve was silently watching the two of them , which claire figured was a new experience for eve , at least the not-talking part . 
 `` he 's your friend , right ? '' 
 `` he saved my life , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'd die for him , but it 'd be a dumbass thing to do to thank him for it . 
 so yeah . 
 he 's been my friend all my life , and he 's more like a brother . 
 so do n't get him in trouble . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' she said . 
 `` no milk in the eggs . '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 shane turned back to the counter and started cracking eggs into a bowl . 
 `` told ya . '' 
 `` traitor , '' eve sighed , and poked at the frying bacon with a fork . 
 `` fine . 
 so . 
 how was linda last night ? '' 
 `` laura . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 not like i have to remember a name for more than one date , anyway . '' 
 `` she bowled a one fifty . '' 
 `` god , you 're such a disappointment . 
 share , already ! '' 
 shane smiled tightly down at the eggs . 
 `` hey , not in front of the kid . 
 you got the note . '' 
 `` kid ? '' 
 that hurt . 
 claire dropped plates on the counter with a little too much force . 
 `` note ? '' 
 shane handed over a folded piece of paper . 
 it was short and sweet , and signed `` michael '' ... and it told them that claire was underage , and that the two of them were supposed to look out for her while she was in the house . 
 cute . 
 claire did n't know whether to be pissed or flattered . 
 on reflection ... pissed . 
 `` i 'm not a kid ! '' 
 she told shane hotly . 
 `` i 'm only , like , a year younger than eve ! '' 
 `` and girls are much more mature . '' 
 eve nodded wisely . 
 `` so you 're about ten years older than shane , then . '' 
 `` seriously , '' claire insisted . 
 `` i 'm not a kid ! '' 
 `` whatever you say , kid , '' shane said blandly . 
 `` cheer up . 
 just means you do n't have to put up with me telling you how much sex i did n't get . '' 
 `` i 'm telling michael , '' eve warned . 
 `` about how much sex i did n't get ? 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` no bacon for you . '' 
 `` then no eggs for you . 
 either of you . '' 
 eve glowered at him . 
 `` prisoner exchange ? '' 
 they glared at each other , then swapped pans and started scooping . 
 claire was just about to join in when the front doorbell rang , a lilting silvery sound . 
 it was n't a scary sound , but eve and shane froze and looked at each other , and that was scary , somehow . 
 shane put his plate down on the granite countertop , licked bacon grease from his fingers , and said , `` get her out of sight . '' 
 eve nodded . 
 she dropped her own plate onto the counter , grabbed claire 's wrist , and hustled her to the pantry - a door half hidden in the shadow of the awkwardly placed refrigerator . 
 it was big , dark , and dusty , shelves crowded with old cans of yams and asparagus and glass jars of ancient jellies . 
 there was a light with a string pull above , but eve did n't turn it on . 
 she reached behind a row of murky-looking cans of fruit and hit some kind of a switch . 
 there was a grating rumble , then a click , and part of the back wall swung open . 
 eve pushed it back , reached in , and grabbed a flashlight that she handed to claire . 
 `` inside , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm going to turn the light on out here , but try to keep that flashlight off if you hear voices . 
 it could show through the cracks . '' 
 claire nodded , a little dazed , and crouched down to crawl through the small opening into ... a big empty room , stone floored , no windows . 
 a few spiderwebs in the corners , and loads of dust , but otherwise it did n't look too bad . 
 until eve shut the door , and then the darkness slammed down , and claire hastily flicked on the flashlight , moved to the nearest corner , and knelt down there , breathing fast and hard . 
 just one minute ago , they 'd been laughing about bacon and eggs , and all of a sudden ... what the hell had just happened ? 
 and why was there a secret compartment in this house ? 
 one with - so far as she could tell - no other entrances or exits ? 
 she heard distant voices , and hastily thumbed off the flashlight . 
 that was bad . 
 she 'd never really been afraid of the dark , but dark was n't really dark most of the time ... there were stars , moonlight , distant streetlights . 
 this was pitch-black , take-no-prisoners dark , and she had the ice-cold thought that anything could be right next to her , reaching out for her , and she 'd never see it coming . 
 claire bit down hard on her lip , gripped the flashlight tightly , and slid down the wall until her searching hand found the rough wood of the door she 'd come in through . 
 a little light was leaking in around it , barely a glimmer but enough to ease the pounding in her chest . 
 voices . 
 shane 's , and someone else 's . 
 a man 's voice , deeper than shane 's . '' 
 ... standard inventory . '' 
 `` sir , there 's nobody living here but what 's on the roster . 
 just the three of us . '' 
 shane sounded subdued and respectful , which did n't seem like him . 
 not that she knew him that well , but he was kind of a smart-ass . 
 `` which one are you ? '' 
 the voice asked . 
 `` shane collins , sir . '' 
 `` get your third in here , '' the voice said . 
 `` well , i would , but - michael 's not here . 
 he 's out until tonight . 
 you want to check back then ? 
 ... '' `` never mind . '' 
 claire , straining her ears , heard paper rustling . 
 `` you 're eve rosser ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 eve sounded respectful , but brisk . 
 `` moved out of your parents ' house - eight months ago ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` employed ? '' 
 `` at common grounds , you know , the coffee - '' the man , whoever he was , interrupted her . 
 `` you . 
 collins . 
 any employment ? '' 
 clearly talking to shane . 
 `` i 'm between jobs , sir . 
 you know how it is . '' 
 `` keep looking . 
 we do n't like slackers in morganville . 
 everybody contributes . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'll keep it in mind , sir . '' 
 a brief pause . 
 maybe there had been a little bit more smart-ass in shane 's response than there should have been . 
 claire deliberately slowed her breathing , trying to hear more . 
 `` you left town for a couple of years , boy . 
 what brings you back ? '' 
 `` homesick , sir . '' 
 yes , it was definitely back in his voice , and even claire knew that was a bad thing . 
 `` missed all my old friends . '' 
 she heard eve clear her throat . 
 `` sir , i 'm sorry , but i 've got work in a half hour ... ? '' 
 more paper shuffling . 
 `` one other thing . 
 here 's a picture of a girl that disappeared from her dorm last night . 
 you have n't seen her ? '' 
 they both chorused a `` no . '' 
 he must not have believed them , because he did n't sound convinced . 
 `` what 's in here ? '' 
 he did n't wait to hear a response ; he just opened the outer door of the pantry . 
 claire flinched and held her breath . 
 `` you always leave the light on ? '' 
 `` i was getting some jam when you rang , sir . 
 i probably forgot to turn it off , '' eve said . 
 she sounded nervous . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 click . 
 the light in the pantry went out , taking what little there was seeping through the door with it . 
 claire barely controlled a gasp . 
 do n't move . 
 do n't move . 
 she just knew he - whoever he was - was standing there in the dark , looking and listening . 
 and then , finally , she heard him say , `` you ring the station if you see that girl . 
 she 's got herself in some trouble . 
 we 're supposed to help her get straightened out . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' eve said , and the pantry door shut . 
 the conversation moved away , became softer and softer until it faded into nothing . 
 claire switched on the flashlight , covered it with her hand , and pointed it at the corner - only a little light escaped , just enough to convince her that no evil zombie was sneaking up on her in the dark . 
 and then she waited . 
 it seemed like a long time before there were two sharp raps on the door , and it swung open in a blaze of electric light . 
 eve 's stark white makeup and black eyeliner looked even scarier than before . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said , and helped claire out of the hidden room . 
 `` he 's gone . '' 
 `` oh , the hell it 's okay , '' shane said behind her . 
 he had his arms folded across his chest , and rocked back and forth , frowning . 
 `` those assholes have her picture . 
 they 're looking for her . 
 what 'd you do , claire ? 
 knife the mayor or something ? '' 
 `` nothing ! '' 
 she blurted . 
 `` i - i do n't know why - maybe it 's that they 're just worried because i did n't show up last night ? '' 
 `` worried ? '' 
 shane laughed bitterly . 
 `` yeah , that 's it . 
 they 're worried about you . 
 right . 
 i 'm going to have to talk this over with michael . 
 if they 're going to turn the town upside down looking for you , either you 're too hot to stay in morganville , or we need to get you under some kind of protection , fast . '' 
 he said it the same way eve had . 
 `` but - maybe the police - ? '' 
 `` that was the police , '' eve said . 
 `` told you . 
 they run the town . 
 these guys work for the vamps - they 're not vamps themselves , but they 're scary enough without the fangs . 
 look , can you call your parents ? 
 get them to pull you out of school and take you home or something ? '' 
 sure . 
 that would be the easiest thing in the world , only it would mean failure , and they 'd never believe a word of this stuff , ever , and if she tried to explain it , she 'd end up drugged and in therapy for the rest of her life . 
 and any chance - any chance - of making it to yale or mit or caltech would be blown completely . 
 she supposed it was kind of dumb to be thinking of it that way , but those things were real to her . 
 vampires ? 
 not so much . 
 `` but - i have n't done anything ! '' 
 she said , and looked from shane to eve , and back again . 
 `` how can they be after me if i did n't do anything ? '' 
 `` life ai n't fair , '' shane said , with all the certainty of two more years of experience at it . 
 `` you must have pissed off the wrong people , is all i know . 
 what 's the girl 's name ? 
 the one who smacked you around ? '' 
 `` m-monica . '' 
 they both stared at her . 
 `` oh , crap , '' eve said , horrified . 
 `` monica morrell ? '' 
 shane 's face went ... blank . 
 completely blank , except for his eyes , and there was something pretty scary going on behind them . 
 `` monica , '' he repeated . 
 `` how come nobody told me ? '' 
 eve was watching him , biting her lip . 
 `` sorry , shane . 
 we would have - i swear , i thought she left town . 
 went off to college somewhere else . '' 
 shane shook it off , whatever it was , and shrugged , trying to look like he did n't care . 
 it was obvious to claire that he did , though . 
 `` she probably could n't stand not being the queen bee , and had to come begging back to daddy to buy her some grades . '' 
 `` shane - '' `` i 'm fine . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 `` she probably does n't even remember you , '' eve blurted , and then looked as if she wished she had n't said it . 
 `` i - that 's not what i meant . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he laughed , and it sounded wrong and a little bit shaky . 
 there was a short , odd silence , and then eve changed the subject by resolutely picking up her plate of cooling bacon and eggs . 
 and then went still and round-eyed . 
 `` oh , shit , '' she said , and then covered her mouth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she pointed at the plates on the counter . 
 shane 's , hers ... and claire 's . 
 `` three plates . 
 he knew something was up . 
 we told him michael was n't around . 
 no wonder he kept poking . '' 
 shane said nothing , but claire could see he was - if possible - even more upset . 
 he did n't show it much , but he picked up his plate and walked away , out into the living room , then up the steps two at a time . 
 his upstairs door slammed . 
 eve bit her lip , watching after him . 
 `` so ... shane and monica ... ? '' 
 claire guessed . 
 eve kept staring at the doorway . 
 `` not like you 're thinking , '' she said . 
 `` he would n't touch that skank in a million years . 
 but they were in high school together , and shane - got on her bad side . 
 just like you did . '' 
 claire 's appetite for breakfast was suddenly gone . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he stood up to her , and his house burned . 
 he nearly died , '' she said . 
 `` his - his sister was n't so lucky . 
 michael got him out of town , off on his own , before he did something crazy . 
 he 's been gone a couple of years . 
 just came back right before i moved in here . '' 
 eve forced a bright smile . 
 `` let 's eat , yeah ? 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 they sat out in the living room , chatting about nothing , not talking about the thing that was most important : what to do . 
 claire watched the clock - some old-style wall clock , with hands - crawl slowly up to , and past , eleven o'clock . 
 professor hamms is starting the lecture , she thought , and felt a nauseating twist in her stomach . 
 this was the second day in a row she 'd missed school . 
 in her whole life she 'd never missed two days of school back-to-back . 
 sure , she 'd read the textbook already - twice - but lectures were important . 
 that was how you found out the good stuff , especially in classes like physics , where they did practical demonstrations . 
 lectures were the fun part . 
 it was thursday . 
 that meant she had a lab class later , too . 
 you could n't make up lab class , no matter how good your excuse . 
 she sighed , forced herself to look away from the time , and opened up her calc ii book - she 'd tested out of calc i , could have tested out of calc ii , but she 'd thought maybe she might learn something new about solving linear inequalities , which had always been a problem for her . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 shane . 
 he was on the stairs , staring at her . 
 she had n't heard him coming , but that was probably because he was barefoot . 
 his hair was a mess , too . 
 maybe he 'd been asleep . 
 `` studying , '' she said . 
 `` huh , '' he said , like he 'd never actually seen it done before . 
 `` interesting . '' 
 he vaulted over the railing three steps from the bottom and flopped down on the leather couch next to her , flicking the tv on with the remote next to him , then changing inputs . 
 `` this going to bother you ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said politely . 
 it was a lie , but she was n't quite ready to be , you know , blunt . 
 it was her first day . 
 `` great . 
 want to take a break ? '' 
 `` a break ? '' 
 `` that 's when you stop studying '' - he tilted his head to the side to look at the book - `` okay , whatever the hell that is , and actually do something fun . 
 it 's a custom where i come from . '' 
 he dumped something in the center of her open book with a plastic thump . 
 she flinched and picked up the wireless game controller with two fingers . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you ca n't tell me you 've never played a video game . '' 
 truthfully , she had . 
 once . 
 she had n't liked it very much . 
 he must have read that in her expression , because he shook his head . 
 `` this is just sad . 
 now you have to take a break . 
 okay , you 've got a choice : horror , action , driving , or war . '' 
 she blurted , `` those are my choices ? '' 
 he looked offended . 
 `` what , you want girl games ? 
 not in my house . 
 never mind , i 'll pick for you . 
 here . 
 first-person shooter . '' 
 he yanked a box from a stack next to the couch and loaded a disc into the machine . 
 `` easy . 
 all you have to do is pull the trigger . 
 trust me . 
 nothing like a little virtual violence to make you feel better . '' 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 `` hey , prove me wrong . 
 unless you think you ca n't . '' 
 he did n't look at her as he said it , but she felt it sting , anyway . 
 `` maybe you 're just not up to it . '' 
 she shut her calc ii book , picked up the controller , and watched the colorful graphics load up on the screen . 
 `` show me what to do . '' 
 he smiled slowly . 
 `` point . 
 shoot . 
 try not to get in my way . '' 
 he was right . 
 she 'd always thought it was kind of creepy , hanging out in front of a tv and killing virtual monsters , but damn if it was n't ... fun . 
 before too long , she was flinching when things lunged out of the corners of the screen , and whooping just like shane when some monster got put down for the count . 
 when it ended for her , and the screen suddenly showed a snarling zombie face and splashes of red , she felt it like an ice cube down her back . 
 `` oops , '' shane said , and kept on firing . 
 `` sorry . 
 some days you 're the zombie , some days you 're the meal . 
 good try , kiddo . '' 
 she put the controller on the couch cushions , and watched him play for a while . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` hang on - damn , that was close . 
 what ? '' 
 `` how did you get on monica 's - '' `` shit list ? '' 
 he supplied , and drilled a few dozen bullets into a lunging zombie in a prom dress . 
 `` you do n't have to do much , just not crawl on your belly every time she walks in a room . '' 
 which , she noticed , was n't exactly an answer . 
 exactly . 
 `` what 'd you do ? '' 
 `` i , uh ... i made her look stupid . '' 
 he hit some control and froze the game in mid-scream , and turned to look at her . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` well , she said this thing about world war ii being about the chinese , and - '' shane laughed . 
 he had a good laugh , loud and full of raw energy , and she smiled nervously in return . 
 `` you 're feistier than you look , c. good one . '' 
 he held up a hand . 
 she awkwardly smacked it . 
 `` oh , man , that 's sadder than the video game thing . 
 again . '' 
 five hand smacks later , she had mastered the high five to his satisfaction , and he unfroze the video game . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 she asked . 
 this time , he sighed . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` sorry , but - about your sister - '' silence . 
 he did n't look at her , did n't give any indication he 'd heard a word . 
 he just kept on killing things . 
 he was good at it . 
 claire 's nerve failed . 
 she went back to her textbook . 
 it did n't seem quite as exciting , somehow . 
 after half an hour , she bagged it , stood , stretched , and asked , `` when does michael get up ? '' 
 `` when he wants to . '' 
 shane shrugged . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he made a face and narrowly avoided getting his arm clawed off on-screen . 
 `` i - i figured i might go back to the dorm and get my things . '' 
 he hit a button , and the screen paused in midshot again . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he gave her his full attention , which made her heart stutter , then pound harder . 
 guys like shane did not give mousy little bookworms like her their full attention . 
 not like that . 
 `` my stuff . 
 from my dorm room . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what i thought you said . 
 did you miss the part where the cops are looking for you ? '' 
 `` well , if i check in , '' she said reasonably , `` i wo n't be missing anymore . 
 i can say i slept over somewhere . 
 then they 'll stop looking for me . '' 
 `` that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard . '' 
 `` no , it is n't . 
 if they think i 'm back in the dorm , they 'll leave me to monica , right ? 
 it could be a few days before she figures out i 'm not coming back . 
 she could forget about me by then . '' 
 `` claire - '' he frowned at her for a second or two , then shook his head . 
 `` no way are you going over there by yourself . '' 
 `` but - they do n't know where i am . 
 if you go with me , they 'll know . '' 
 `` and if you do n't come back from the dorm , i 'm the one who has to explain to michael how i let you go off and get yourself killed like a dumbass . 
 first rule of horror movies , c. - never split up . '' 
 `` i ca n't just hide here . 
 i have classes ! '' 
 `` drop 'em . '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 the whole thought horrified her . 
 nearly as much as failing them . 
 `` claire ! 
 maybe you 're not getting this , but you 're in trouble ! 
 monica was n't kidding when she pushed you down the stairs . 
 that was light exercise for her . 
 next time , she might actually get mad . '' 
 she stood up and hoisted her backpack . 
 `` i 'm going . '' 
 `` then you 're stupid . 
 ca n't save an idiot , '' shane said flatly , and turned back to his game . 
 he did n't look at her again as he started working the controls , firing with a vengeance . 
 `` do n't tell them where you were last night . 
 we do n't need the hassle . '' 
 claire set her jaw angrily , chewed up some words , and swallowed them . 
 then she went into the kitchen to grab some trash bags . 
 as she was stuffing them into her backpack , she heard the front door open and close . 
 `` a plague upon all our houses ! '' 
 eve yelled , and claire heard the silver jingle of her keys hitting the hall table . 
 `` anybody alive in here ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 shane snapped . 
 he sounded as mad as claire felt . 
 `` damn , '' eve replied cheerfully . 
 `` i was so hoping . '' 
 claire came out of the kitchen and met eve on her way up the hall . 
 she was in plaid today - a red and black tartan skirt , black fishnet hose , clunky patent leather shoes with skulls on the toes , a white men 's shirt , suspenders . 
 and a floor-length black leather coat . 
 her hair was up in two pigtails , fastened with skull-themed bands . 
 she smelled like ... coffee . 
 fresh ground . 
 there were some brown splatters on her shirtfront . 
 `` oh , hey , claire , '' she said , and blinked . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` funeral , '' shane said . 
 on-screen , a zombie shrieked and died gruesomely . 
 `` yeah ? 
 cool ! 
 whose ? '' 
 `` hers . '' 
 shane said . 
 eve 's eyes widened . 
 `` claire - you 're going back ? '' 
 `` just for some of my stuff . 
 i figure if i show up every couple of days , let people see me , they 'll think i still live there ... '' `` whoa , whoa , whoa , bad idea . 
 bad . 
 no cookie . 
 you ca n't go back . 
 not by yourself . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` they 're looking for you ! '' 
 shane put the game on pause again . 
 `` you think i did n't already tell her that ? 
 she 's not listening . '' 
 `` and you were going to let her just go ? '' 
 `` i 'm not her mom . '' 
 `` how about just her friend ? '' 
 he gave her a look that pretty clearly said , shut up . 
 eve glared back , then looked at claire . 
 `` seriously . 
 you ca n't just - it 's dangerous . 
 you have no idea . 
 if monica 's really gone to her patron and tagged you , you ca n't just , you know , wander around . '' 
 `` i 'm not wandering , '' claire pointed out . 
 `` i 'm going to my dorm , picking up some clothes , going to class , and coming home . '' 
 `` going to class ? '' 
 eve made helpless little flapping motions with her black-fingernailed hands . 
 `` no no no ! 
 no class , are you kidding ? '' 
 shane raised his arm . 
 `` hello ? 
 pointed it out already . '' 
 `` whatever , '' claire said , and stepped around eve to walk down the hall to the front door . 
 she heard shane and eve whispering fiercely behind her , but did n't wait . 
 if she waited , she was going to lose her nerve . 
 it was only a little after noon . 
 plenty of time to get to school , do the rest of her classes , stuff some clothes in a garbage bag , say enough hellos to make everything okay , and get home before dark . 
 and it was after dark that was dangerous , right ? 
 if they were serious about the vampire thing . 
 which she was starting to believe , just a teeny little bit . 
 she opened the front door , stepped out , closed it , and walked out onto the porch . 
 the air smelled sharp and crisp with heat . 
 eve must have been cooking in that coat ; there were ripples of hot air rising up from the concrete sidewalk , and the sun was a pale white dot in a washed-denim sky . 
 she was halfway to the sidewalk , where eve 's big car lurked , when the door slammed behind her . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 eve blurted , and came hurrying after with the leather coat flapping in the hot wind . 
 `` i ca n't let you do this . '' 
 claire kept walking . 
 the sun burned on the sore spot on her head , and on her bruises . 
 her ankle was still sore , but not enough to bother her that much . 
 she 'd just have to be careful . 
 eve darted around her to face her , then danced backward when claire kept walking . 
 `` seriously . 
 this is dumb , claire , and you do n't strike me as somebody with a death wish . 
 i mean , i have a death wish - it takes one to know one - okay , stop ! 
 just stop ! '' 
 she put out a hand , palm out , and claire stopped short just a few inches away . 
 `` you 're going . 
 i get that . 
 at least let me drive you . 
 you should n't be walking . 
 this way i can call shane if - if anything happens . 
 and at least you 'll have somebody standing by . '' 
 `` i do n't want to get you guys into any trouble . '' 
 michael had been pretty specific about that . 
 `` that 's why shane 's not coming . 
 he 's - well , he attracts trouble like tv screens attract dust . 
 besides , it 's better not to put him anywhere near monica . 
 bad things happen . '' 
 eve unlocked the car doors . 
 `` you have to call shotgun . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you have to call shotgun to get the passenger seat . '' 
 `` but nobody else is - '' `` i 'm just telling you , get used to the idea , because if shane was here ? 
 he 'd already have it and you 'd be in the back . '' 
 `` um ... '' claire felt stupid even trying to say it . 
 `` shotgun ? '' 
 `` keep practicing . 
 got to be fast on the trigger around here . '' 
 the car had slick vinyl seats , cracked and peeling , and aftermarket seat belts that did n't feel any too safe . 
 claire tried not to slide around on the upholstery too much as the big car jolted down the narrow , bumpy road . 
 the shops looked as dim and uninviting as claire remembered , and the pedestrians just as hunched in on themselves . 
 `` eve ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why do people stay here ? 
 why do n't they leave ? 
 if , you know ... vampires . '' 
 `` good question , '' eve said . 
 `` people are funny that way . 
 adults , anyway . 
 kids pick up and leave all the time , but adults get all bogged down . 
 houses . 
 cars . 
 jobs . 
 kids . 
 once you have stuff , it 's easy enough for the vamps to keep you on a leash . 
 it takes a lot to make people just leave everything behind and run . 
 especially when they know they might not live long if they do . 
 oh crap , get down ! '' 
 claire unhooked her seat belt and slithered down into the dark space under the dash . 
 she did n't hesitate , because eve had n't been kidding - that had been pure panic in her voice . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she barely dared to whisper . 
 `` cop car , '' eve said , and did n't move her lips . 
 `` coming right toward us . 
 stay down . '' 
 she did . 
 eve nervously tapped fingernails on the hard plastic steering wheel , and then let out a sigh . 
 `` okay , he went past . 
 just stay down , though . 
 he might come back . '' 
 claire did , bracing herself against the bumps in the road as eve turned toward the campus . 
 another minute or two passed before eve gave her the all clear , and she flopped back into the seat and strapped in . 
 `` that was close , '' eve said . 
 `` what if they 'd seen me ? '' 
 `` well , for starters , they 'd have hauled me in to the station for interfering , confiscated my car ... '' eve patted the steering wheel apologetically . 
 `` and you 'd have just ... disappeared . '' 
 `` but - '' `` trust me . 
 they 're not exactly amateurs around here at making that happen . 
 so let 's just get this done and hope like hell your plan works , okay ? '' 
 eve steered slowly through crowds of lunchtime students walking across the streets , hit the turnaround , and followed claire 's pointed directions toward the dorm . 
 howard hall did n't look any prettier today than it had yesterday . 
 the parking lot was only half-full , and eve cruised the big caddy into a parking space near the back . 
 she clicked off the ignition and squinted at the sunlight glaring off the hood . 
 `` right , '' she said . 
 `` you go in , get your stuff , be back here in fifteen minutes , or i start launching operation get claire . '' 
 claire nodded . 
 she was n't feeling so good about this idea , now that she was staring at the door 's entrance . 
 `` here . '' 
 eve was holding something out . 
 a cell phone , thin and sleek . 
 `` shane 's on speed dial - just hit star two . 
 and remember , fifteen minutes , and then i freak out and start acting like your mom . 
 okay ? '' 
 claire took the phone and slipped it in her pocket . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 she hoped she did n't sound scared . 
 not too scared , anyway . 
 there was something about having friends - even brand-new ones - that helped keep the tremors out of her voice , and shakes out of her hands . 
 i 'm not alone . 
 i have backup . 
 it was kind of a new sensation . 
 kind of nice , too . 
 the cold air of the lobby felt dry and lifeless , after the heat outside ; claire shivered and blinked fast to adjust her eyes to the relative dimness . 
 a few girls were in the lobby with books propped up on tables ; the tv was running , but nobody was watching it . 
 nobody looked at her as she walked by . 
 she went to the glassed-in attendant booth , and the student assistant sitting inside looked up from her magazine , saw her bruises , and made a silent o with her mouth . 
 `` hi , '' claire said . 
 her voice sounded thin and dry , and she had to swallow twice . 
 `` i 'm claire , up on four ? 
 um , i had an accident yesterday . 
 but i 'm okay . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 `` you 're the - they were looking for you , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 just tell everybody i 'm okay . 
 i 've got to get to class . '' 
 `` but - '' `` sorry , i 'm late ! '' 
 claire hurried to the stairs and went up as fast as her sore ankle would allow . 
 she passed a couple of girls , who gave her wide-eyed looks , but nobody said anything . 
 she did n't see monica . 
 not on the stairs , not at the top . 
 the hallway was empty , and all the doors were shut . 
 music pounded from three or four different rooms . 
 she hurried down to the end , where her own room was , and started to unlock it . 
 the knob turned limply in her fingers . 
 great . 
 that , more than any graffiti , said monica wuz here . 
 sure enough , the room was a wreck . 
 what was n't broken was dumped in piles . 
 books were defaced , which really hurt . 
 her meager clothes had been dragged out of the closet and scattered over the floor . 
 some of the blouses had been ripped , but she seriously did n't care that much ; she sorted through , found two or three that were intact , and stuffed them in the garbage bag . 
 one pair of sweatpants was fine , and she added that , too . 
 she had a lucky find of a couple of ratty old pairs of underwear that had n't been discovered , shoved in the corner of the drawer , and added those to the sack . 
 the rest was another pair of shoes , what books she could salvage , and the little bag of makeup and toiletries she kept on the shelf next to the bed . 
 her ipod was gone . 
 so were her cds . 
 no telling if that had been monica 's doing , or the work of some other dorm rat who 'd scavenged later . 
 she looked around , swept the worst of the mess into a corner , and grabbed the photo of her mom and dad off of the dresser to take with her . 
 and then she left , not bothering to try to lock the door . 
 well , she thought shakily . 
 that went okay , after all . 
 she was halfway down the steps when she heard voices on the second-floor landing . '' 
 - swear , it 's her ! 
 you should see the black eye . 
 unbelievable . 
 you really clocked her one . '' 
 `` where the hell is she ? '' 
 monica 's voice , hard-edged . 
 `` and how come nobody came to get me ? '' 
 `` we - we did ! '' 
 someone protested . 
 someone who sounded as scared as claire suddenly felt . 
 she reached in her pocket , grabbed the phone , and held on to it for security . 
 star two . 
 just press star two - shane 's not far away , and eve 's right downstairs ... `` she was up in her room . 
 maybe she 's still there ? '' 
 crap . 
 there was nobody in the dorm she could trust , not now . 
 nobody who 'd hide her , or who 'd stand up for her . 
 claire retreated back up the steps to the third-floor landing and went to the fire stairs , flung open the door , and hurried down the concrete steps as fast as she dared , ducking to avoid the glass window at the second-floor exit . 
 she made it to the lobby exit door sweating and trembling from the effort , with her backpack and the garbage bag dragging painfully on her sore muscles , and risked a quick look out the window to the lobby itself . 
 monica-groupie jennifer was on guard , watching the stairs . 
 she looked tense and focused , and - claire thought - a little bit scared , too . 
 she kept fooling with the bracelet around her right wrist , turning it over and over . 
 one thing was certain : jennifer would see her the second she opened the door . 
 and sure , maybe that would n't matter ; maybe she could get by jen and out the door and they would n't be attacking her in public , would they ? 
 watching jennifer 's face , she was n't so sure . 
 not so sure at all . 
 the fire door a couple of floors up boomed open , and claire flinched and looked for a place to hide . 
 the only possible spot was under the concrete stairs . 
 there was some kind of storage closet crammed under there , but when she tried the knob it was locked , and she did n't have monica 's lock-smashing superpowers . 
 and she did n't have time , anyway . 
 there were footsteps coming down . 
 either she could hope the person did n't look back in the corner , or she could make a break for the door . 
 once again , claire touched the phone in her pocket . 
 one phone call away . 
 it 's okay . 
 and once again , she left the phone where it was , took a deep breath , and waited . 
 it was n't monica ; it was kim valdez , a freshman like claire . 
 a band geek , which put her only a tiny step higher than claire 's status as resident freak of nature . 
 kim kept to herself , and she did n't seem to be all that afraid of monica or her girls ; kim did n't seem afraid of much . 
 not friendly , though . 
 just ... solitary . 
 kim looked back at her , blinked once or twice , then stopped before putting her hand on the door to exit . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 she pushed back the hood of her knit shirt , revealing short , shiny black hair . 
 `` they 're looking for you . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 kim was holding her instrument case . 
 claire was n't exactly clear on which instrument it was , but it was big and bulky in its scuffed black case . 
 kim set it down . 
 `` monica do that ? '' 
 she gestured at claire 's bruises . 
 claire nodded wordlessly . 
 `` i always knew she was a bitch . 
 so . 
 you need to get out of here ? '' 
 claire nodded again , and swallowed hard . 
 `` will you help me ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 kim flashed her a sudden , vivid grin . 
 `` not officially . 
 would n't be too smart . '' 
 they had it worked out in a matter of frantic seconds : claire zipped up in the shirt , pulled the hood down around her face , and held the instrument case by the handle . 
 `` higher , '' kim advised . 
 `` tilt it so it covers your face . 
 yeah , like that . 
 keep your head down . '' 
 `` what about my bags ? '' 
 `` i 'll wait a couple of minutes , then come out with 'em . 
 wait outside . 
 and do n't go nowhere with my cello , and i mean it . 
 i 'll kick your ass . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' she swore . 
 kim opened the door for her , and she took a gasping breath and barged out , head down , trying to look like she was late for a rehearsal . 
 as she passed jennifer , the girl gave her a reflexive glance , then dismissed her to focus back on the stairs . 
 claire felt a hot rush of adrenaline that felt like it might set her face on fire , and resisted the urge to run the rest of the way for the door . 
 it seemed to take forever , her crossing the lobby to the glass doors . 
 she was swinging the door open when she heard monica say , `` that freak could n't get out of here ! 
 check the basement . 
 maybe she went down the trash chute , like her stupid laundry . '' 
 `` but - '' jen 's feeble protest . 
 `` i do n't want to go down to the - '' she would , though . 
 claire suppressed a wild grin - mostly because it still hurt too much to do that - and made it out of the dorm . 
 the sunlight felt amazing . 
 it felt like ... safety . 
 claire took a deep breath of hot afternoon air , and walked around the corner to wait for kim . 
 the heat was brutal out against the sunbaked walls - suffocating . 
 she squinted against the sun and saw the distant glitter of eve 's car , parked all the way at the back . 
 even hotter in there , she guessed , and wondered if eve had gotten out of that goth-required leather coat yet . 
 and just as she was thinking that , she saw a shadow fall across hers from behind , and half turned , but it was too late . 
 something soft and dark muffled her vision and clogged her mouth and nose , and pressure around her head yanked her off-balance . 
 she screamed , or tried to , but somebody punched her in the stomach , which took care of the screaming and most of the breathing , and claire saw a weak , watery sunshine through the weave of the cloth over her face , and shadows , and then everything got dark . 
 not that she fainted , or anything like that , although she was wanting to , badly . 
 the hot pressure of the sun went away , and then she was being dragged and carried into someplace dark and quiet . 
 then down a flight of stairs . 
 when the moving stopped , she heard breathing and whispers , sounds of more than a few people , and then she was shoved backward , hard , and fell off-balance onto a cold concrete floor . 
 the impact stunned her , and by the time she clawed her way out of the bag that had been jammed onto her head - a black backpack , apparently - she found there was a whole circle of girls standing around her . 
 she had no idea where this room was . 
 some kind of storage room , maybe , in the basement . 
 it was crammed with stuff - suitcases , boxes labeled with names , all kinds of things . 
 some of the boxes had collapsed and spilled out pale guts of old clothes . 
 it smelled like molding paper , and she sneezed helplessly when her frantic gasps filled her mouth and nose with dust . 
 a couple of girls giggled . 
 most did n't do anything , and did n't look very happy to be there , either . 
 resigned , claire guessed . 
 glad it was n't them lying on the floor . 
 monica stepped out of the corner . 
 `` well , '' she said , and put her hands on her hips . 
 `` look what the cats dragged in . '' 
 she flashed claire a cold toothpaste-ad smile , as if the rest of them were n't even here . 
 `` you ran away , little mouse . 
 and just when we were starting to have fun . '' 
 claire faked more sneezing , lots of it , and monica backed away in distaste . 
 faking sneezing , claire discovered , was n't as easy as she 'd thought . 
 it hurt . 
 but it provided time and cover for her to pull the phone out of her pocket , cover it with her body , and frantically punch * 2 . 
 she pressed send and shoved it between two boxes , hoping the blue glow of the buttons would n't attract monica 's attention . 
 hoping shane would n't be ipoding or xboxing and ignoring the phone . 
 hoping ... just hoping . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake . 
 get her up ! '' 
 monica ordered . 
 her monickettes sprang forward , jen taking one of claire 's arms , gina the other . 
 they hauled her up to her feet and held her there . 
 monica pulled the hood back from claire 's bruised face and smiled again , taking in the damage . 
 `` damn , freak , you look like hell . 
 does it hurt ? '' 
 `` what did i ever do to you ? '' 
 claire blurted . 
 she was scared , but she was angry , too . 
 furious . 
 there were seven girls standing around doing nothing because they were scared , and of what ? 
 monica ? 
 what the hell gave the monicas the right to run the world ? 
 `` you know exactly what you did . 
 you tried to make me look stupid , '' monica said . 
 `` tried ? '' 
 claire shot back , which was dumb , but she could n't stop the impulse . 
 it got her hit in the face . 
 hard . 
 right on top of the first bruise , which took away her breath in slow throbs of white-hot agony . 
 everything felt funny , rattled by the impact of monica 's jab . 
 claire felt pressure on her arms , and realized that the monickettes were holding her up . 
 she put some stiffness back into her legs , opened her eyes , and glared at monica . 
 `` how come you live in howard ? '' 
 she asked . 
 monica , inspecting her knuckles for signs of bruising , looked up in honest surprise . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your family 's rich , right ? 
 you could be living in an apartment . 
 or in a sorority house . 
 how come you live in howard hall with the rest of us freaks ? '' 
 she caught her breath at the sudden cold blaze in monica 's eyes . 
 `` unless you 're a freak , too . 
 a freak who gets off on hurting somebody weaker than you . 
 a freak your family 's ashamed of . 
 somebody they hide here where they do n't have to look at you . '' 
 `` shut up , '' jennifer hissed , low in her ear . 
 `` do n't be stupid ! 
 she 'll kill you - do n't you get it ? '' 
 she jerked her head away . 
 `` i heard you went away to college , '' claire continued . 
 her stomach was rolling , she felt like she was going to puke and die , but all she had to do was stall for time . 
 shane would come . 
 eve would come . 
 maybe michael . 
 she could imagine michael standing in the doorway , with those ice-cold eyes and that angel 's face , staring holes through monica . 
 yeah , that would rock . 
 monica would n't look so big then . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 could n't you cut it ? 
 i 'm not surprised - anybody who thinks world war two was in china is n't exactly going to impress - '' she saw the punch coming this time , and ducked as best she could . 
 monica 's fist smashed into her forehead , which hurt , but it must have hurt monica a whole lot more , because she let out a shrill little scream and backed off , clutching her right hand in her left . 
 that made the horrible throbbing in claire 's head almost okay . 
 `` careful , '' claire gasped , nearly giggling . 
 the scab on her lip had broken open , and she licked blood from her lips . 
 `` do n't break a nail ! 
 i 'm not worth it , remember ? '' 
 `` got that right ! '' 
 monica snarled . 
 `` let that bitch go . 
 what are you waiting for ? 
 go on , do it ! 
 do you think that wimp 's going to hurt me ? '' 
 the monickettes looked at each other , clearly wondering if their queen bee had lost her mind , then let go of claire 's arms and stepped back . 
 jennifer bumped into the towering column of boxes , spilling an avalanche of dust and old papers , but when claire looked at her , jennifer was staring at a spot between the boxes . 
 the spot where claire had hidden the phone . 
 jen had to have seen it , and claire gasped out loud , suddenly a whole lot more afraid than she 'd thought she was . 
 `` what the hell are you looking at ? '' 
 monica snarled at jen , and jen very deliberately turned her back on the incriminating phone , folded her arms , and stood there blocking it from view . 
 not looking at claire at all . 
 wow . 
 that 's ... what ? 
 not lucky , exactly . 
 jennifer had shown some cracks already . 
 and maybe she was n't a complete convert to the first church of monica . 
 maybe monica had just pissed her off one too many times . 
 not that she would be stepping in on claire 's side anytime soon . 
 claire wiped the blood from her lip and looked at the other girls . 
 the ones who were standing , uneasy and indecisive . 
 monica had been challenged and , so far , had n't exactly delivered the smackdown everybody - claire included - had expected . 
 kind of weird , really . 
 unless claire really struck some nerve besides the ones running through monica 's knuckles . 
 monica was rubbing her hand , looking at claire as if she 'd never seen her before . 
 assessing her . 
 she said , `` nobody 's told you the facts of life , claire . 
 the fact is , if you suddenly just up and disappear ... ? '' 
 she jerked her pretty , pointed chin at the dusty towers of boxes . 
 `` nobody but the janitor 's ever going to know or care . 
 you think mommy and daddy are going to get all upset ? 
 maybe they would , but by the time they spend their last dime putting your picture on milk cartons and chasing down rumors of how you ran off with somebody else 's boyfriend ? 
 they 're going to hate to even think about you . 
 morganville 's got it down to a science , making people disappear . 
 they never disappear here . 
 always somewhere else . '' 
 monica was n't taunting her . 
 that was the scary part . 
 she was talking evenly , quietly , as if they were two equals having a friendly conversation . 
 `` you want to know why i live in howard ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` because in this town , i can live anywhere i want . 
 any way i want . 
 and you - you 're just a walking organ donor . 
 so take my advice , claire . 
 do n't get in my face , because if you do , you wo n't have one for long . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 claire nodded slowly . 
 she did n't dare look away . 
 monica reminded her of a feral dog , one that would jump for your throat the second you showed weakness . 
 `` we 're clear , '' she said . 
 `` you 're kind of a psycho . 
 i get that . '' 
 `` i might be , '' monica agreed , and gave her a slow , strange smile . 
 `` you 're one smart little freak . 
 now run away , smart little freak , before i change my mind and stick you in one of these old suitcases for some architect to find a hundred years from now . '' 
 claire blinked . 
 `` archaeologist . '' 
 monica 's eyes turned winter cold . 
 `` oh , you 'd better start running away now . '' 
 claire went back to where jennifer was standing , and reached behind her to drag the phone out from between the boxes . 
 she held it up to monica . 
 `` speak clearly for the microphone . 
 i want to make sure my friends get every word . '' 
 for a second , nobody moved , and then monica laughed . 
 `` damn , freak . 
 you 're going to be fun . '' 
 she glanced away from claire , behind her . 
 `` not until i say so . '' 
 claire looked over her shoulder . 
 gina was standing there , right there , and she had some kind of metal bar in her hand . 
 oh my god . 
 there was something awful and cold in gina 's eyes . 
 `` she 'll get hers , '' monica said . 
 `` and we 'll get to watch . 
 but hey , why hurry ? 
 i have n't had this much fun in years . '' 
 claire 's legs felt like they 'd suddenly turned into overcooked spaghetti . 
 she wanted to throw up , wanted to cry , and did n't dare do anything but pretend to be brave . 
 they 'd kill her down here if they thought she was bluffing . 
 she walked past gina , between two girls who would n't meet her eyes at all , and put her hand on the doorknob . 
 as she did , she glanced down at the phone 's display . 
 no signal . 
 she opened the door , walked outside , and found her bags dumped on the grass where she 'd been abducted . 
 she pocketed the phone , picked up the bags , and walked across the parking lot to eve 's car . 
 eve was still sitting in the driver 's seat , looking clown-pale and scared . 
 claire tossed her bag in the back as eve asked , `` what happened ? 
 did they see you ? '' 
 `` no , '' claire said . 
 `` no problems . 
 i 've got class . 
 i 'll see you later . 
 thanks , eve . 
 um - here 's your phone . '' 
 she passed it over . 
 eve took it , still frowning . 
 `` i 'll be home before dark . '' 
 `` better be , '' eve said . 
 `` seriously , claire . 
 you look - weird . '' 
 claire laughed . 
 `` me ? 
 check the mirror . '' 
 eve flipped her off , but the same way she 'd have flipped off shane . 
 claire grabbed her backpack , closed the door , and watched eve 's big black car cruise away . 
 heading back to work , she guessed . 
 she got halfway to her chem lab when her reaction hit her , and she sat down on a bench and cried silently into her hands . 
 oh my god . 
 oh my god , i want to go home ! 
 she was n't sure if that meant back to michael 's house , or all the way home , back in her room with her parents watching over her . 
 i ca n't quit . 
 she really could n't . 
 she never in her life had been able to , even when it might have been the smart thing to do . 
 she wiped her swollen eyes and went to class . 
 nobody killed her that afternoon . 
 after the first couple of hours , she quit expecting it to happen , and focused on class . 
 her back-to-back labs were n't too much of a disaster , and she actually knew the answers in history . 
 bet monica would n't , she thought , and looked guiltily around the classroom to see if monica was there , or one of her crew . 
 it was n't a big class . 
 she did n't see anybody who 'd been in the basement . 
 she made it to the grocery store after class without getting killed , too . 
 nobody jumped her while she was picking out lettuce and tomatoes , or while she was in line for checkout . 
 she thought the guy at the meat counter had looked suspicious , though . 
 she walked back to the glass house , watching for vampires in the fading afternoon and feeling pretty stupid for even thinking about it . 
 she did n't see anybody except other college students , strolling along with bulging backpacks . 
 most of them traveled in bunches . 
 once she got past the area that catered to students , the stores were closed , lights off , and what few people were walking were hurrying . 
 at the corner of gone with the wind and the munsters , the front gate was open . 
 she closed it behind her , unlocked the door with the shiny new key that she 'd found on her dresser that morning , and slammed the door behind her . 
 there was a shadow standing at the end of the hallway . 
 a tall , broad shadow in a grungy yellow t-shirt and low-slung , faded jeans frayed at the bottom . 
 a shadow in bare feet . 
 shane . 
 he just looked at her for a few seconds , then said , `` eve put your crap up in your room . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` stuff for dinner . '' 
 he cocked his head slightly , still staring at her . 
 `` for a smart girl , you do some stupid things . 
 you know that ? '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she walked toward him . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` eve says you never saw monica . '' 
 `` that 's what i said . '' 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'm not buying it . '' 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 she shot back . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 excuse me . '' 
 she ducked past him , into the kitchen , and set her bags down . 
 her hands were shaking . 
 she balled them into fists and started setting out things on the counter . 
 ground beef . 
 lettuce . 
 tomatoes . 
 onions . 
 refried beans . 
 hot sauce , the kind she liked , anyway . 
 cheese . 
 sour cream . 
 taco shells . 
 `` let me guess , '' shane said from the doorway . 
 `` you 're making chinese . '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 she was still too pissed and - all of a sudden - too scared . 
 scared of what , she did n't know . 
 everything . 
 nothing . 
 herself . 
 `` anything i can do ? '' 
 his voice sounded different . 
 quieter , gentler , almost kind . 
 `` chop onions , '' she said , although she knew that was n't exactly what he meant . 
 still , he came over , picked up the onions , and grabbed a huge scary-looking knife from a drawer . 
 `` you have to peel it first . '' 
 he shot her a dirty look , just like he would have eve , and got to work . 
 `` um - i should probably call my mom , '' claire said . 
 `` can i use the phone ? '' 
 `` you pay for long distance . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he shrugged , reached over , and grabbed the cordless phone , then pitched it underhanded to her . 
 she nearly dropped it , but was kind of proud she did n't . 
 she got out a big iron skillet from under the cabinet and put it on the counter , heated up the burner , and found some oil . 
 as it was warming , she read over the thin little recipe book she 'd bought at the store one more time , then dialed the phone . 
 her mom answered on the second ring . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 it was never hello with her mother . 
 `` mom , it 's claire . '' 
 `` claire ! 
 baby , where have you been ? 
 i 've been trying to call you for days ! '' 
 `` classes , '' she said . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm not home that much . '' 
 `` are you sleeping enough ? 
 if you do n't get enough rest , you 'll get sick - you know how you are - '' `` mom , i 'm fine . '' 
 claire frowned down at the recipe on the counter in front of her . 
 what did saute mean , exactly ? 
 was it like frying ? 
 diced , she understood . 
 that was just cutting things into cubes , and shane was doing that already . 
 `` really . 
 it 's all okay now . '' 
 `` claire , i know it 's hard . 
 we really did n't want you to go even just the few hundred miles to tpu , honey . 
 if you want to come back home , your dad and i would be so glad to have you back ! '' 
 `` honestly , mom , i do n't - i 'm fine . 
 it 's okay . 
 classes are really good '' - that was stretching the truth - `` and i 've made friends here . 
 they 're looking out for me . '' 
 `` you 're sure . '' 
 `` yes , mom . '' 
 `` because i worry . 
 i know you 're very mature for your age but - '' shane opened his mouth to say something . 
 claire made frantic no no no motions at him , pointing at the phone . 
 mom ! 
 she mouthed . 
 shane held up both hands in surrender and kept chopping . 
 mom was still talking . 
 claire had missed some of it , but she did n't think it really mattered exactly . '' 
 - boys , right ? '' 
 wow . 
 mom radar worked even at this distance . 
 `` what , mom ? '' 
 `` your dorm does n't allow boys to come up to the rooms , does it ? 
 there 's someone on duty at the desk to make sure ? '' 
 `` yes , mom . 
 howard hall has somebody on duty twenty-four/seven to keep the nasty evil boys out of our rooms . '' 
 she had n't actually lied , claire decided . 
 that was completely true . 
 the fact that she was n't actually living in howard hall ... well , that was n't really something she needed to throw in , right ? 
 `` it 's not a laughing matter . 
 you 've been very sheltered , claire , and i do n't want you to - '' `` mom , i have to go . 
 i need to eat dinner and i have a ton of studying to do . 
 how 's dad ? '' 
 `` dad 's just fine , honey . 
 he says hello . 
 oh , come on , les , get up and say hello to your very smart daughter . 
 it wo n't break your back . '' 
 shane handed her a bowl full of diced onions . 
 claire cradled the phone against her ear and dropped a handful of them into the pan . 
 they started sizzling immediately , much to her panic ; she lifted the pan off the burner and almost dropped the phone . 
 `` hi , kiddo . 
 how are classes ? '' 
 that was dad . 
 not how was your day ? 
 or have you made any friends ? 
 no , his philosophy had always been , eyes on the prize ; the other stuff just gets in your way . 
 and she loved him anyway . 
 `` classes are great , daddy . '' 
 `` are you frying something ? 
 do they let you have hot plates in the dorm ? 
 did n't in my day , i can tell you ... '' `` um ... no , i just opened a coke . '' 
 okay , that was a straight-up lie . 
 she hastily put the pan down , walked to the fridge , and pulled out a cold coke so she could open it . 
 there . 
 retroactively truthful . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` feel fine . 
 wish everybody would stop worrying about me , not like i 'm the first man in history to have a little surgery . '' 
 `` i know , daddy . '' 
 `` doctors say i 'm fine . '' 
 `` that 's great . '' 
 `` gon na have to go , claire , the game 's on . 
 you 're okay down there , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm just fine . 
 daddy - '' `` what is it , honey ? '' 
 claire bit her lip and sipped coke , indecisive . 
 `` um ... do you know anything about morganville ? 
 history , that kind of thing ? '' 
 `` doing research , eh ? 
 some kind of report ? 
 no , i do n't know much . 
 the university 's been there for nearly a hundred years - that 's all i know about it . 
 i know you 're on fire to get to the bigger schools , but i think you need to spend a couple of years close to home . 
 we talked about all that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i was just wondering ... it 's an interesting town , that 's all . '' 
 `` okay , then . 
 you let us know what you find out . 
 your mother wants to say good-bye . '' 
 dad never did . 
 by the time claire got out `` bye , dad ! '' 
 he was already gone , and mom was back on the line . 
 `` honey , you call us if you get worried about anything , okay ? 
 oh , call us whatever happens . 
 we love you ! '' 
 `` love you , too , mom . 
 bye . '' 
 she put the phone down and stared at the sizzling onions , then the recipe . 
 when the onions turned transparent , she dumped in the ground beef . 
 `` so , finished lying to the folks ? '' 
 shane asked , and reached around claire to snag a bite of grated cheese from the bowl on the counter . 
 `` tacos . 
 brilliant . 
 damn , i 'm glad i voted somebody in with skills . '' 
 `` i heard that , shane ! '' 
 eve yelled from the living room , just as the door slammed . 
 shane winced . 
 `` do your own bathroom cleaning this weekend ! '' 
 shane winced . 
 `` truce ! '' 
 `` thought so . '' 
 eve came in , still flushed from the heat outside . 
 she 'd sweated off most of her makeup , and underneath it , she looked surprisingly young and sweet . 
 `` oh my god , that looks like real food ! '' 
 `` tacos , '' shane said proudly , as if it were his idea . 
 claire elbowed him in the ribs , or tried to . 
 his ribs were a lot more solid than her elbow . 
 `` ow , '' he said . 
 not as if it hurt . 
 claire glanced out the window . 
 night was falling fast , the way it did in texas at the end of the day - furious burning sun all of a sudden giving way to a warm , sticky twilight . 
 `` is michael here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` guess so . '' 
 shane shrugged . 
 `` he 's always here for dinner . '' 
 the three of them got everything ready , and sometime midway through the assembly-line process they 'd developed - claire putting meat in taco shells , eve adding toppings , shane spooning beans onto the plates - a fourth pair of hands added itself to the line . 
 michael looked as if he 'd just gotten up and showered - wet hair , sleepy eyes , beads of water still sliding down to soak the collar of his black knit shirt . 
 like shane , he was wearing jeans , but he 'd gone formal , with actual shoes . 
 `` hey , '' he greeted them . 
 `` this looks good . '' 
 `` claire did it , '' eve jumped in as shane opened his mouth . 
 `` do n't even let shane take credit . '' 
 `` was n't going to ! '' 
 shane looked offended . 
 `` riiiiiight . '' 
 `` i chopped . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` cleaned up after you , like always . '' 
 michael looked over at claire and made a face . 
 she laughed and picked up her plate ; michael picked up his , and followed her out into the living room . 
 someone - michael , she guessed - had cleared the big wood table next to the bookcases , and set up four chairs around it . 
 the stuff that had been piled there - video game cases , books , sheet music - had been dumped in other places , with a cheerful disregard for order . 
 -lrb- maybe , she amended , that had been shane 's idea . -rrb- 
 she set her plate down , and eve promptly slapped her own down next to claire 's and slid a cold coke across to her , along with a fork and napkin . 
 michael and shane strolled back in , took seats , and began shoveling in food like - well , like boys . 
 eve nibbled . 
 claire , who was surprisingly hungry , found herself on her second taco before eve had gotten through her first one . 
 shane was already headed back for more . 
 `` hey , dude , '' he said as he returned with a reloaded plate , `` when are you going to get a gig again ? '' 
 michael stopped chewing , flashed a look at eve , then claire , and then finished the bite before saying , `` when i 'm ready . '' 
 `` pussy . 
 you had a bad night , mike . 
 get back on the horse , or whatever . '' 
 eve frowned at shane , and shook her head . 
 shane ignored her . 
 `` seriously , man . 
 you ca n't let them get you down . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' michael said . 
 `` not everything is about beating your head against the wall until it breaks . '' 
 `` just most things . '' 
 shane sighed . 
 `` whatever . 
 you let me know when you want to stop hermiting . '' 
 `` i 'm not hermiting . 
 i 'm practicing . '' 
 `` like you do n't play good enough . 
 please . '' 
 `` i get no respect , '' michael said . 
 shane , busy taking another crunchy bite , rubbed his thumb and forefinger together . 
 `` yeah , i know , world 's smallest violin playing just for me . 
 change the subject . 
 how was that hot date with lisa , anyway ? 
 rented shoes turn her on or what ? '' 
 `` it 's laura , '' shane said . 
 `` yeah , she was hot , all right , but i think she had the hots for you - kept saying how she saw you over at the waterhouse last year and you were all , like , wow , amazing . 
 it was like a menage trois , only you were n't there , thank god . '' 
 michael looked smug . 
 `` shut up and eat . '' 
 shane shot him the finger . 
 all in all , it was a pretty good time . 
 michael and eve washed dishes , having lost out on the coin toss , and claire hovered in the living room , not sure what she wanted to do . 
 studying sounded - boring , which surprised her . 
 shane was concentrating on the video game selection , bare feet propped up on the coffee table . 
 without looking directly at claire , he asked , `` you want to see something cool ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 she expected him to put a game in , but he dumped it back in the pile , got up off the couch , and padded up the stairs . 
 she stood at the bottom , staring up , wondering what to do . 
 shane appeared at the top of the stairs again and gestured , and she followed . 
 the second floor was quiet , of course , and dimly lit ; she blinked and saw shane already halfway down the hall . 
 was he heading for her room ? 
 not that she did n't have a crazy hot picture in her head of sitting on the bed with him , making out ... and she had no idea why that popped into her head , except that , well , he was just ... yeah . 
 shane moved aside a picture hanging on the wall between her room and eve 's , and pressed a button underneath . 
 and a door opened on the other side of the wall . 
 it was built into the paneling , and she 'd never have even known it was there . 
 she gasped , and shane beamed like he 'd invented the wheel . 
 `` cool , huh ? 
 this damn house is full of crap like that . 
 trust me , in morganville it pays to be up on the hiding places . '' 
 he pushed open the door , revealed another set of stairs , and padded up them . 
 she expected them to be dusty , but they were n't ; the wood was clean and polished . 
 shane 's feet left prints of the ball of his foot and his toes . 
 it was a narrow pitch of just eight steps , half a story , really , and there was another door at the top . 
 shane opened it and flipped on a switch just inside . 
 `` first time i saw this , and the room back of the pantry , i figured , yep . 
 vampire house . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 if she believed in vampires , he might have been right . 
 it was a small room , no windows , and it was ... old . 
 it was n't just the stuff in it , which was antique and dark ; it had this sense of ... something ancient , something not quite right . 
 and it was cold . 
 cold , in the middle of a texas heat wave . 
 she shivered . 
 `` does everybody know about this room ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 eve says it 's haunted . 
 ca n't really blame her . 
 it creeps me the hell out , too . 
 cool , though . 
 we 'd have stuck you in here when the cops came , only they 'd have seen you through the windows coming out of the kitchen . 
 they 're nosy bastards . '' 
 shane wandered across the thick persian carpet to flop on the dark red victorian couch . 
 dust rose in a cloud , and he waved it off , coughing . 
 `` so what do you think ? 
 think michael sleeps off his evil-undead days in here , or what ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you think he 's one of them , right ? 
 'cause he does n't show up during the day ? '' 
 `` i - i do n't think anything ! '' 
 shane nodded , eyes downcast . 
 `` right . 
 you were n't sent here . '' 
 `` sent - sent here by who ? '' 
 `` i got to thinking ... the cops were looking for you , but maybe they were looking for you to make us want to keep you here , instead of pitch you out . 
 so which is it ? 
 are you working for them ? '' 
 `` them ? '' 
 she echoed thinly . 
 `` them , who ? '' 
 shane suddenly looked at her , and she shivered again . 
 he was n't like monica , not at all , but he was n't playing around , either . 
 `` shane , i do n't know what you mean . 
 i came to morganville to go to school , and got beaten up , and i came here because i was scared . 
 if you do n't believe me - well , then i guess i 'll go . 
 hope you liked the tacos . '' 
 she went to the door , and stopped , confused . 
 there was n't a doorknob . 
 behind her , shane said quietly , `` the reason i think this is a vampire 's room ? 
 you ca n't get out of it unless you know the secret . 
 that 's real convenient , if you like to bring victims up here for a little munch session . '' 
 she whirled around , expecting to see him standing there with that huge knife he 'd used on the onions , and she 'd broken the first rule of horror movies , had n't she , or was it the second one ? 
 she 'd trusted someone she should n't have ... but he was still sitting on the couch , slumped at ease , arms flung over the back on both sides . 
 not even looking at her . 
 `` let me out , '' she said . 
 her heart was hammering . 
 `` in a minute . 
 first , you tell me the truth . '' 
 `` i have ! '' 
 and , to her fury and humiliation , she started to cry . 
 again . 
 `` dammit ! 
 you think i 'm trying to hurt you ? 
 hurt michael ? 
 how could i ? 
 i 'm the one everybody hurts ! '' 
 he looked at her then , and she saw the hardness melt away . 
 his voice was a lot gentler when he spoke . 
 `` and if i was somebody who wanted to kill michael , i 'd put somebody like you in to do it . 
 be real easy for you to kill somebody , claire . 
 poison some food , slip a knife in his back ... and i have to look out for michael . '' 
 `` i thought he looked out for you . '' 
 she swiped angrily at her eyes . 
 `` why do you think somebody wants to kill him ? '' 
 shane raised his eyebrows . 
 `` always somebody wanting to kill a vampire . '' 
 `` but - he 's not . 
 eve said - '' `` yeah , i know he 's not a vampire , but he does n't get up during the day , he does n't go out of the house , and i ca n't get him to tell me what happened , so he might as well be . 
 and somebody 's going to think so , sooner or later . 
 most people in morganville are either protected or clueless - kind of like you can raise rabbits for either pets or meat . 
 but some of them fight back . '' 
 she blinked the last of the brief storm of tears away . 
 `` like you ? '' 
 he cocked his head to one side . 
 `` maybe . 
 how about you ? 
 you a fighter , claire ? '' 
 `` i 'm not working for anybody . 
 and i would n't kill michael even if he was a vampire . '' 
 shane laughed . 
 `` why not ? 
 besides the fact that he 'd snap you in two like a twig if he was . '' 
 `` because - because - '' she could n't put it into words , exactly . 
 `` because i like him . '' 
 shane watched her for another few , long seconds , and then pressed a raised spot on the head of the lion-carving armrest of the couch . 
 the door clicked and popped open half an inch . 
 she could n't sleep . 
 maybe it was the memory of that creepy little gothic room - which she suspected eve really , deeply loved - but all of a sudden , her lovely cozy room seemed full of shadows , and the creaks of old wood in the wind sounded ... stealthy . 
 maybe the house eats people , claire thought , lying there alone in the dark , watching the bone-thin shadows of branches shudder on the far wall . 
 the wind made twigs tap her window , like something trying to get in . 
 eve had said vampires could n't get in , but what if they could ? 
 what if they were already inside ? 
 what if michael ... ? 
 she heard a soft , silvery note , and knew that michael was playing downstairs . 
 something about that helped - pushed the shadows back , turned the sounds into something normal and soothing . 
 it was just a house , and they were just kids sharing it , and if there was anything wrong , well , it was outside . 
 she must have slept then , but it did n't feel like it ; some noise startled her awake , and when claire checked the clock next to her bed it was close to five thirty . 
 the sky was n't light outside , but it was n't totally dark , either ; the stars were faded , soft sparkles in a sky gradually turning dark blue . 
 michael 's guitar was still going , very quietly . 
 did n't he ever sleep ? 
 claire slid out of bed , tossed a blanket over her shoulders over the t-shirt she wore to bed , and shuffled out and into the still-dark hallway . 
 as she passed the hidden door she glanced at it and shivered , then continued on to the bathroom . 
 once she 'd gotten that out of the way - and brushed her hair - she crept quietly down the steps and sat down , blanket around her , listening to michael play . 
 his head was down , and he was deep into it ; she watched his fingers move light and quick on the strings , his body rock slowly with the rhythm , and felt a deep sense of ... safety . 
 nothing bad could happen around michael . 
 she just knew it . 
 next to him , a clock beeped an alarm . 
 he looked up , startled , and slapped it off , then got up and put his guitar away . 
 she watched , puzzled ... did he have someplace to be ? 
 or did he actually have to set an alarm to go to bed ? 
 wow , that was obsession ... michael stood , watching the clock as if it were his personal enemy , and then he turned and walked over to the window . 
 the sky was the color of dark turquoise now , all but the strongest stars faded . 
 michael , holding a beer in his hand , drank the rest of the bottle and put it down on the table , crossed his arms , and waited . 
 claire was about to ask him what he was waiting for when the first ray of sun crept up in a blinding orange knife , and michael gasped and hunched over , pressing on his stomach . 
 claire lunged to her feet , startled and afraid for the look of sheer agony on his face . 
 the movement caught his attention , and he jerked his head toward her , blue eyes wide . 
 `` no , '' he moaned , and pitched forward to his hands and knees , gasping . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 she ignored that and jumped down the stairs to run to his side , but once she was there she did n't know what to do , did n't have any idea how to help him . 
 michael was breathing in deep , aching gasps , in terrible pain . 
 she put her hand on his back , felt his fever-hot skin burning through the thin cloth , and heard him make a sound like nothing she 'd ever heard in her life . 
 like someone dying , she thought in panic , and opened her mouth to scream for shane , eve , anybody . 
 her hand suddenly went right through him . 
 the scream , for whatever reason , locked tight in her throat as michael - transparent michael - looked up at her with despair and desperation in his eyes . 
 `` oh , god , do n't tell them . '' 
 his voice came from a long , long way off , a whisper that faded on the shafts of morning sun . 
 and so did he . 
 claire , mouth still open , utterly unable to speak , waved her hand slowly through the thin air where michael glass had been standing . 
 slowly , then faster . 
 the air felt cold around her , like she was standing in a blast from an air conditioner , and the chill slowly faded . 
 like michael . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispered , and clapped both hands over her mouth . 
 and muffled the scream that she had to let out or explode . 
 she might have blacked out a little , because next thing she knew , she was sitting on the couch , next to michael 's guitar case , and she felt kind of funny . 
 bad funny , as if her brain had turned liquid and sloshed around in her head . 
 weirdly calm , though . 
 she reached over and touched the leather cover of his guitar case . 
 it felt real . 
 when she flipped up the latches and pulled her shaking fingers across the strings , they made a wistful sort of whisper . 
 he 's a ghost . 
 michael 's a ghost . 
 he was n't a ghost . 
 how could he be a ghost , if he sat here - right here ! 
 - at the table and ate dinner ? 
 tacos ! 
 what kind of ghost ate tacos ? 
 what kind of ... ? 
 her hand went right through him . 
 right through him . 
 but he was real . 
 she 'd touched him . 
 she 'd - her hand went right through him . 
 `` do n't panic , '' she said numbly , out loud . 
 `` just ... do n't panic . 
 there 's some explanation ... '' yeah , right . 
 she 'd stumble over to professor wu 's physics class and ask . 
 she could just imagine how that would go over . 
 they 'd toss a net over her and pump her full of prozac or whatever . 
 he 'd said , oh , god , do n't tell them . 
 tell who ? 
 tell ... ? 
 was he gone ? 
 was he dead ? 
 she was about carried away by panic again , and then something stopped it cold . 
 something silly , really . 
 the alarm clock sitting on the table next to the sofa . 
 the one that had gone off just a few minutes ago . 
 the one that had warned michael that sunrise was coming . 
 this happens ... every day . 
 he had n't acted like it was odd , just painful . 
 shane and eve had both said that michael slept days . 
 they were both night owls ; they were sound asleep right now , and would n't be up for hours yet . 
 michael could have ... disappeared ... daily like this with nobody paying attention . 
 until she came along , and got nosy . 
 do n't tell them . 
 why not ? 
 what was so secret ? 
 she was crazy . 
 that was the only rational explanation . 
 but if she was crazy , she was n't rational ... claire curled up on the sofa , shivering , and felt cold air brush over her again . 
 ice-cold . 
 she sat up . 
 `` michael ? '' 
 she blurted , and sat very still . 
 the chill went away , then brushed over her again . 
 `` i - i think i can feel you . 
 are you still here ? '' 
 another second or two without the icy draft , and then it drifted across her skin . 
 `` so - you can see us ? '' 
 yes , she figured , since the warm-cold cycle repeated . 
 `` you do n't go away during the day ? 
 oh - um , stay where you are if it 's no , okay ? '' 
 the chill stayed steady . 
 `` wow . 
 that 's - harsh . '' 
 a yes , and weirdly , she felt a little cheered . 
 okay , she was having a conversation with a breeze , but at least she did n't feel alone . 
 `` you do n't want me to tell shane and eve ? '' 
 clearly , a no . 
 if anything , it got colder . 
 `` is there anything - anything i can do ? '' 
 also a no . 
 `` michael - will you come back ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` tonight ? '' 
 yes , again . 
 `` we are so going to talk . '' 
 the chill withdrew completely . 
 yes . 
 she collapsed back on the sofa , feeling giddy and strange and exhausted . 
 there was a ratty old blanket piled near the guitar case ; she carefully moved the instrument over to the table -lrb- and imagined an invisible michael following her anxiously the whole way -rrb- , then wrapped herself in the blanket and let herself drift off into sleep , with the ticking of the grandfather clock and memories of michael 's guitar as a soundtrack . 
 that day , claire went to class . 
 eve argued with her ; shane did n't . 
 nothing much happened , although claire spotted monica twice on campus . 
 monica was surrounded by admirers , both male and female , and did n't have time for grudges . 
 claire kept her head down and stayed out of any deserted areas . 
 it was an early afternoon for her - no labs - and although she wanted to get home and wait around for michael to show up -lrb- and boy , she wanted to see how that happened ! -rrb- 
 she knew she 'd drive herself crazy , and make shane suspicious . 
 as she walked in that general direction , she spotted the small coffee shop , wedged in between the skateboard shop and a used-book store . 
 common grounds . 
 that was where eve worked , and she 'd said to stop by ... the bell rang with a silvery tinkle as claire pushed open the door , and it was like walking into the living room of the glass house , only a little more gothic . 
 black leather sofas and chairs , thick colorful rugs , accent walls in beige and blood red , lots of nooks and crannies . 
 there were five or six students scattered at cafe tables and built-in desks . 
 none looked up from their books or computers . 
 the whole place smelled like coffee , a constant simmering warmth . 
 claire stood for a second , indecisive , and then walked over to an empty desk and dumped her backpack before going to the counter . 
 there were two people behind the waist-high barrier . 
 one was eve , of course , looking perky and doll-like with her dye-dark hair in two pigtails , eyes rimmed with liner , and lipstick a dramatic goth black . 
 she was wearing a black mesh shirt over a red camisole , and she grinned when she spotted claire . 
 the other was an older man , tall , thin , with graying curly hair that fell nearly to his shoulders . 
 he had a nice , square face , wide dark eyes , and a ruby earring in his left ear . 
 hippie to the core , claire guessed . 
 he smiled , too . 
 `` hey , it 's claire ! '' 
 eve said , and hurried around the counter to slip her arm around claire 's shoulders . 
 `` claire , this is oliver . 
 my boss . '' 
 claire nodded hesitantly . 
 he looked nice , but hey , a boss . 
 bosses made her nervous , like parents . 
 `` hello , sir . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 oliver had a deep voice , and an even deeper laugh . 
 `` claire , you 've got to learn about me . 
 i 'm not a sir . 
 believe me . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 eve nodded wisely . 
 `` he 's a dude . 
 you 'll like him . 
 hey , want a coffee ? 
 my treat ? '' 
 `` i - uh - '' `` do n't touch the stuff , right ? '' 
 eve rolled her eyes . 
 `` one noncoffee drink , coming up . 
 how about hot cocoa ? 
 chai ? 
 tea ? '' 
 `` tea , i guess . '' 
 eve went back behind the counter and did some stuff , and within a couple of minutes , a big white cup and saucer appeared in front of claire , with a tea bag steeping in the steaming water . 
 `` on the house . 
 well , actually , on me , because , yikes , boss is right here . '' 
 oliver , who was working on some complicated machine that claire guessed was something that made cappuccino , shook his head and grinned to himself . 
 claire watched him curiously . 
 he looked a little bit like a distant cousin she 'd met from france - the same kind of hook nose , anyway . 
 she wondered if he 'd been a professor at the university , or just a perpetual student . 
 either looked possible . 
 `` i heard you had some trouble , '' oliver said , still concentrating on unscrewing parts on the machine . 
 `` girls in the dorm . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she admitted , and felt her cheeks burn . 
 `` everything 's okay , though . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it is . 
 listen , though : if you have trouble like that , you come here and tell me about it . 
 i 'll make sure it stops . '' 
 he said it with absolute assurance . 
 she blinked , and his dark eyes moved to rest on hers for a few seconds . 
 `` i 'm not without influence around here . 
 eve tells me that you 're very gifted . 
 we ca n't have some bad apples driving you off . '' 
 `` um ... thanks ? '' 
 she did n't mean to make it a question ; it just came out that way . 
 `` thanks . 
 i will . '' 
 oliver nodded and went back to his work dissecting the coffeemaker . 
 claire found a seat not far away . 
 eve slipped out from behind the counter and pulled up a chair next to her , leaning forward , all restless energy . 
 `` is n't he great ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he means it , you know . 
 he 's got some kind of pipeline to - '' she made a v sign with her fingers . 
 v , for vampires . 
 `` they listen to him . 
 he 's good to have on your side . '' 
 claire nodded , dunking the tea bag and watching the dark stains spread through the water . 
 `` you talk about me to everybody ? '' 
 eve looked stricken . 
 `` no ! 
 of course i do n't ! 
 i just - well , i was worried . 
 i thought maybe oliver knew something that ... claire , you said it yourself - they tried to kill you . 
 somebody ought to be doing something about that . '' 
 `` him ? '' 
 `` why not him ? '' 
 eve jittered her leg , tapping the thick heel on her black mary janes . 
 her hose had green and black horizontal stripes . 
 `` i mean , i get that you 're all about being self-sufficient , but come on . 
 a little help never hurts . '' 
 she was n't wrong . 
 claire sighed , took the tea bag out , and sipped the hot drink . 
 not bad , even on a blazing-hot day . 
 `` stay , '' eve said . 
 `` study . 
 it 's a really good place for that . 
 i 'll drive you home , okay ? '' 
 claire nodded , suddenly grateful ; there were too many places to get lost on the way home , if monica had noticed her after all . 
 she did n't like the idea of walking three blocks between the student streets , where things were bright and busy , and the colorless hush of the rest of the town , where the glass house lived . 
 she put the tea to one side and unpacked books . 
 eve went back to take orders from three chattering girls wearing sorority t-shirts . 
 they were rude to her , and giggled behind her back . 
 eve did n't seem to notice - or if she did , she did n't care . 
 oliver did . 
 he put down the tools he was using , as eve bustled around getting drinks , and stared steadily at the girls . 
 one by one , they went quiet . 
 it was n't anything he did , exactly , just the steadiness of the way he watched them . 
 when eve took their money , each one of the girls meekly thanked her and took her change . 
 they did n't stay . 
 oliver smiled slightly , picked up a piece of the disassembled machine , and polished it before reattaching it . 
 he must have known claire was watching , because he said , in a very low voice , `` i do n't tolerate rudeness . 
 not in my place . '' 
 she was n't sure if he was talking about the girls , or her staring at him , so she hurriedly went back to her books . 
 quadratic equations were a great way to pass the afternoon . 
 eve 's shift ended at nine , just as the nightlife at common grounds picked up ; claire , not used to the babble , chatter , and music , could n't keep her mind on her books anyway . 
 she was glad of an excuse to go when eve 's replacement - a surly-looking pimpled boy about shane 's age - took her place behind the counter . 
 eve went in the back to get her stuff , and claire packed up her backpack . 
 `` claire . '' 
 she looked up , startled that somebody remembered her name other than , well , people who wanted to kill her , and saw kim valdez , from the dorm . 
 `` hey , kim , '' she said . 
 `` thanks for helping me out - '' kim looked mad . 
 really mad . 
 `` do n't even start ! 
 you left my cello just laying around out there ! 
 do you have any idea how hard i worked for that thing ? 
 way to be an asshole ! '' 
 `` but - i did n't - '' `` do n't lie . 
 you bugged out somewhere . 
 hope you got your bags and crap . 
 i left them out there just like you left my stuff . '' 
 kim jammed her hands in her pockets and glared at her . 
 `` do n't ask me for any favors again . 
 right ? '' 
 she did n't wait for an answer , just moved off toward the counter . 
 claire sighed . 
 `` i wo n't , '' she said , and zipped the backpack . 
 she waited for a few minutes , but the crowd was getting thicker , and eve was nowhere in sight . 
 she stood up , stepped out of the way of a group of boys , and backed into a table in the shadowy corner . 
 `` hey , '' a voice said softly . 
 she looked back and saw a coffee cup tipping over , and a pale , long-fingered hand catching it before it did . 
 the hand belonged to a young man - she could n't really call him a boy - with thick dark hair and light-colored eyes , who 'd claimed the table when she was n't looking . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 he smiled at her and licked a couple of drops of coffee from the back of his hand with a pale tongue . 
 she felt something streak hot down her backbone , and shivered . 
 he smiled wider . 
 `` sit , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm brandon . 
 you ? '' 
 `` claire , '' she heard herself say , and even though she did n't intend to , she sat , backpack thumping on the floor beside her . 
 `` um , hi . '' 
 `` hello . '' 
 his eyes were n't just light ; they were pale - a shade of blue so faint it was almost silver . 
 scary-cool . 
 `` are you here alone , claire ? '' 
 `` i - no , i - ah - '' she was babbling like an idiot , and did n't know what was wrong with her . 
 the way he was looking at her made her feel naked . 
 not in a secretly cool , wow-i-think-he-likes-me way , but in a way that made her want to hide and cover herself . 
 `` i 'm here with a friend . '' 
 `` a friend , '' he said , and reached across to take her hand . 
 she wanted to pull it back - she did - but somehow she could n't get control of herself . 
 all she could do was watch as he turned her hand palm down , and brought it to his mouth to kiss . 
 the warm , damp pressure of his lips on her fingers made her shiver all over . 
 then he brushed his thumb across her wrist . 
 `` where is your bracelet , little claire ? 
 good girls wear their bracelets . 
 do n't you have one ? '' 
 `` i - '' there was something sick and terrible happening in her head , something that made her tell the truth . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't have one . '' 
 because she knew now what brandon was , and she was sorry she 'd laughed at eve , sorry she 'd ever doubted any of it . 
 you 'll get yours , monica had promised . 
 well , here it was . 
 `` i see . '' 
 brandon 's eyes seemed to get even paler , until they were pure white with tiny black dots for pupils . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 could n't scream . 
 `` the only question is who will have you , then . 
 and since i 'm here first - '' he let go of her , both her hand and her mind , and she fell backward with a breathless little gasp . 
 somebody was standing behind her chair , a solid warmth , and brandon was frowning and staring past her . 
 `` you offend my hospitality , '' oliver said , and put his hand on claire 's shoulder . 
 `` you ever bother my friend claire in here again , brandon , and i 'll have to revoke the privileges for everyone . 
 understand ? 
 i do n't think you want to be explaining that . '' 
 brandon looked furious . 
 his eyes were blue again , but as claire watched , he snarled at oliver , and revealed fangs . 
 real , genuine fangs , like a snake 's , that snapped down into place from some hidden spot inside of his mouth , and then back up again , quick as a scorpion 's sting . 
 `` none of that , '' oliver said calmly . 
 `` i 'm not impressed . 
 off with you . 
 do n't make me have a conversation with amelie about you . '' 
 brandon slid out of his chair and slouched away through the crowd , toward the exit . 
 it was dark outside now , claire noticed . 
 he went out into the night and disappeared from sight . 
 oliver still had his hand on her shoulder , and now he squeezed it gently . 
 `` that was unfortunate , '' he said . 
 `` you need to be careful , claire . 
 stay with eve . 
 watch out for each other . 
 i 'd hate to see anything happen to you . '' 
 she nodded , gulping . 
 eve came hurrying out of the back , leather coat flapping around her ankles . 
 her smile died at the sight of claire 's face . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` brandon came in , '' oliver said . 
 `` trolling . 
 claire happened to run into him . '' 
 `` oh , '' eve said in a small voice . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 i spotted him before any permanent damage was done . 
 take her home , eve . 
 and keep a sharp eye out for that one ; he does n't take being ordered off very well . '' 
 eve nodded and helped claire to her feet , picked up the backpack , and got her outside . 
 the big black caddy was parked at the curb , and eve unlocked it and thoroughly checked it over , backseat and trunk , before putting claire inside of it . 
 when claire was fastening the seat belt , she noticed two things : first , oliver was standing in the doorway of common grounds , watching them . 
 second , brandon was standing at the corner , in the very edge of the glow of the streetlamp . 
 and he was watching them , too . 
 eve saw , too . 
 `` son of a bitch , '' she said furiously , and shot him the finger . 
 which might not have been too smart , but it made claire feel better . 
 eve cranked the engine and squealed out of her parking space , driving like she was breaking the record at a nascar race , and screeched to a halt in front of the house just a couple of minutes later . 
 `` okay , you go first , '' she said . 
 `` run for the door , bang on it while you 're opening it . 
 go , claire ! '' 
 claire bailed out breathlessly and slammed the gate back , pounded up the paved walk and up the stairs as she was digging her key out of her pocket . 
 her hands were shaking , and she missed the keyhole on the first try . 
 she kicked the door and yelled , `` shane ! 
 michael ! '' 
 as she tried again . 
 behind her , she heard the car door slam , and eve 's shoes clatter on the sidewalk ... and stop . 
 `` now , '' said brandon 's low , cold voice , `` let 's not be rude , eve . '' 
 claire whirled , and saw eve standing absolutely still ten steps from the porch , her back to the house . 
 hot wind whipped her leather coat behind her with a dry snapping sound . 
 brandon was facing her , his eyes completely white in the pale starlight . 
 `` who 's your sweet little friend ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` leave her alone . '' 
 eve 's voice was faint and shaking . 
 `` she 's just a kid . '' 
 `` you 're all just kids . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nobody asks the age of the cow that gave you hamburger . '' 
 claire , purely terrified now , concentrated , turned back to the door , and rammed the key into the lock ... ... just as shane whipped it open . 
 `` eve ! '' 
 she gasped , and shane pushed her out of the way , jumped down the steps , and got between eve and brandon . 
 `` inside , '' michael said . 
 claire had n't heard him , had n't seen him coming , but he was in the doorway , gesturing her in . 
 as soon as she was over the threshold he grabbed her arm and pushed her out of sight behind him . 
 she peeked around him to see what was happening . 
 shane was talking , but whatever he was saying , she could n't hear it . 
 eve was backing up , slowly , and when the back of her heels touched the porch steps she whirled and ran up , diving into the doorway and michael 's arms . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 michael shouted . 
 brandon lunged at shane . 
 shane dodged , yelled , and kicked the vampire with all his weight . 
 brandon flew backward into the fence , broke through , and rolled into the street . 
 shane fell flat on the ground , scrambled up , and ran for the door . 
 it was impossible for brandon to move that fast , but the vampire seemed to flash from lying in the street to reaching for shane 's back ... ... and grabbed hold of shane 's t-shirt , yanking him to a sudden stop . 
 but shane was reaching , too , for michael 's hand , and michael pulled him forward . 
 the shirt ripped , shane stumbled in over the threshold , and brandon tried to follow . 
 he bounced off an invisible barrier , and for the second time claire saw his fangs snap down , deadly sharp . 
 michael did n't even flinch . 
 `` try it again , and we 'll come stake you in your sleep , '' he said . 
 `` count on it . 
 tell your friends . '' 
 he slammed the door . 
 eve collapsed against the wall , panting and trembling ; claire could n't stop shaking , either . 
 shane looked flushed and more worried about the damage to his t-shirt than anything else . 
 michael grabbed eve by the shoulders . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 yeah , he never - wow . 
 that was close . '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 claire ? '' 
 she waved , unable to summon up a word . 
 `` where the hell did he come from ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` he picked up claire 's scent at the coffee shop , '' eve said . 
 `` i could n't shake him . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` damn . 
 that 's not good . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 michael clicked the locks on the front door . 
 `` check the back . 
 make sure we 're secure , shane . 
 upstairs , too . '' 
 `` check . '' 
 shane moved off . 
 `` dammit , this was my last killers t-shirt . 
 somebody 's paying for this ... '' `` sorry , michael , '' eve said . 
 `` i tried , i really did . '' 
 `` i know . 
 had to happen sooner or later , with four of us here . 
 you did okay . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you and shane were here . '' 
 michael started to say something , then stopped , looking at claire . 
 eve did n't seem to notice . 
 she stripped off her leather coat and hung it on a peg by the door , and clumped off in the direction of the living room . 
 `` we were just attacked , '' claire finally managed to say . 
 `` by a vampire . '' 
 `` yeah , i saw , '' michael said . 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 we were attacked . 
 by a vampire . 
 do you know how impossible that is ? '' 
 michael sighed . 
 `` truthfully ? 
 no . 
 i grew up here , and so did eve and shane . 
 we 're just kind of used to it . '' 
 `` that 's crazy ! '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 it hit her then that there was another impossible thing she 'd nearly forgotten about , in the press of panic , and she started to blurt it out , then looked around to be sure shane and eve were nowhere in sight . 
 `` what about , you know ? 
 you ? '' 
 she pointed at him . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` oh . 
 right . 
 upstairs . '' 
 she expected him to take her to the secret room shane had shown her , but he did n't ; instead , he took her to his own room , the big one on the corner . 
 it was about twice the size of her own room , but did n't have much more furniture ; it did have a fireplace - empty this time of year - and a couple of chairs and a reading lamp . 
 michael settled in one . 
 claire took the other , feeling small and cold in the heavy leather seat . 
 the wing chair was about twice her size . 
 `` right , '' michael said , and leaned forward , resting his elbows on his knees . 
 `` let 's talk about this morning . '' 
 but having said that , he did n't seem to know how to start . 
 he fidgeted , staring at the carpet . 
 `` you died , '' claire said . 
 `` you vanished . '' 
 he seemed glad to have something to respond to . 
 `` not exactly , but - yeah . 
 close enough . 
 you know i used to be a musician ? '' 
 `` you still are ! '' 
 `` musicians play someplace besides their own houses . 
 you heard shane at dinner . 
 he 's pushing to find out why i 'm not playing gigs . 
 truth is , i ca n't . 
 i ca n't go outside of this house . '' 
 she remembered him standing in the doorway , white-faced , watching shane face off with brandon . 
 that had n't been caution ; he wanted to be out there , fighting next to his friend . 
 but he could n't . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 she could tell it was n't going to be an easy story . 
 `` vampire , '' he said . 
 `` mostly they just feed , and eventually they kill you if they feed hard enough . 
 some of them like that kind of thing , not all of them . 
 but - this one was different . 
 he followed me back from a gig and tried - tried to make me - '' she felt her face burn , and dropped her gaze . 
 `` oh . 
 oh god . '' 
 `` not that , '' he said . 
 `` not exactly . 
 he tried to make me a vampire . 
 but he could n't . 
 i guess he - killed me . 
 or nearly , anyway . 
 but he could n't make me into what he was , and he was trying . 
 it nearly killed us both . 
 when i woke up later , it was daylight , he was gone , and i was a ghost . 
 was n't until night came that i realized i could make myself real again . 
 but only at night . '' 
 he shook his head slowly , rubbing his hands together as if trying to wash off a stain . 
 `` i think the house keeps me alive . '' 
 `` the house ? '' 
 she echoed . 
 `` it 's old . 
 and it has a kind of - '' he shrugged . 
 `` a kind of power . 
 i do n't know what it is , exactly . 
 when my parents traded up to this house , they only lived here for a couple of months , then moved away to new york . 
 did n't like the vibes . 
 i liked it fine . 
 i think it liked me , too . 
 but anyway , i ca n't leave it . 
 i 've tried . '' 
 `` even during the day ? 
 when you 're not , you know , here ? '' 
 `` does n't matter , '' he said . 
 `` ca n't go out any door , window , or crack . 
 i 'm trapped here . '' 
 he looked oddly relieved to be telling her . 
 if he had n't told shane or eve , he probably had n't told anybody . 
 that felt odd , being the keeper of that secret , because it was a big one . 
 attacked by a vampire , left for dead , turned into a ghost , trapped in the house ? 
 how many secrets was that , anyway ? 
 something occurred to her . 
 `` you said - the vampire , did he ... drink your blood ? '' 
 michael nodded . 
 he did n't meet her eyes . 
 `` and - you died ? '' 
 another silent nod . 
 `` what happened to your - you know - body ? '' 
 `` i 'm still kind of using it . '' 
 he gestured at himself . 
 claire , unable to stop herself , reached out and touched him . 
 he felt real and warm and alive . 
 `` i do n't know how it works , claire , i really do n't . 
 except i do think it 's the house , not me . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` do you drink blood ? '' 
 he looked up this time , surprised , lips parted . 
 `` no . 
 of course i do n't . 
 i told you , he could n't - make me what he was . '' 
 `` you 're sure . '' 
 `` i eat shane 's garlic chili . 
 does that sound like a vampire to you ? '' 
 she shrugged thoughtfully . 
 `` until today , i thought i knew what a vampire was , all capes and fake romanian accents and stuff . 
 what about crosses ? 
 do crosses work ? '' 
 `` sometimes . 
 do n't rely on them , though . 
 the older ones are n't stopped by things like that . '' 
 `` how about brandon ? '' 
 since he was her main concern right now . 
 michael 's lip curled . 
 `` brandon 's a punk . 
 you could melt him with a super soaker full of tap water , so long as you told him it was blessed . 
 he 's dangerous , but so far as vampires go , he 's at the bottom of the food chain . 
 it 's the ones who do n't go around flashing fangs and trying to grab you off the street you need to worry about . 
 and yeah , wear a cross - but keep it under your clothes . 
 you 'll have to make one if you do n't already have one - they do n't sell them anywhere in town . 
 and if you can find things like holy water and eucharist , keep them on hand , but the vampires in this town closed down most of the churches fifty years ago . 
 there 's still a few operating underground . 
 be careful , though . 
 do n't believe everything you hear , and never , ever go by yourself . '' 
 that was the longest speech she 'd ever heard from michael . 
 it tumbled out in a flood , driven with intensity and frustration . 
 he ca n't do anything . 
 he ca n't do anything to help us when we go outside the door . 
 `` why did you let us move in ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` after - what happened to you ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 it did n't look quite right somehow . 
 `` i got lonely , '' he said . 
 `` and since i ca n't leave the house , there 's too much i ca n't do . 
 i needed somebody to help with groceries and stuff . 
 and ... being a ghost does n't exactly pay the bills . 
 shane - shane was looking for a place to stay , and he said he 'd pitch in for rent . 
 it was perfect . 
 then eve ... we were friends back in high school . 
 i could n't just let her wander around out there after her parents threw her out . '' 
 claire tried to remember what eve had said . 
 nothing , really . 
 `` why did they do that ? '' 
 `` she would n't take protection from their patron when she turned eighteen . 
 plus , she started dressing goth when she was about your age . 
 said she was never going to kiss any vampire ass , no matter what . '' 
 michael made a helpless gesture with his hands . 
 `` at eighteen , they threw her out . 
 had to , or it would have cost the whole family their protection . 
 so she 's on her own . 
 she 's done okay - she 's safe here , and she 's safe at the coffee shop . 
 it 's only the rest of the time she has to be careful . '' 
 claire could n't think of anything to say . 
 she looked away from michael , around the room . 
 his bed was made . 
 oh my god , that 's his bed . 
 she tried to imagine michael sleeping there , and could n't . 
 although she could imagine some other things , and should n't have because it made her feel hot and embarrassed . 
 `` claire , '' he said quietly . 
 she looked back at him . 
 `` brandon 's too young to be out before dark , so you 're safe in the daytime , but do n't stay out after dark . 
 got it ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` about the other thing ... '' `` i wo n't tell , '' she said . 
 `` i wo n't , michael . 
 not if you do n't want me to . '' 
 he let out his breath in a long , slow sigh . 
 `` thanks . 
 i know it sounds stupid , but ... i just do n't want them to know yet . 
 i need to figure out how to tell them . '' 
 `` it 's your business , '' claire said . 
 `` and michael ? 
 if you start , you know , getting this craving for red stuff ... ? '' 
 `` you 'll be the first to know , '' he said . 
 his eyes were steady and cool . 
 `` and i expect you to do whatever you have to do to stop me . '' 
 she shivered and said yes , okay , she 'd stake him if she had to , but she did n't mean it . 
 shane 's turn for cooking dinner , and he came up with chili dogs - more chili , but at least he did a good job with it . 
 claire had two , watching in amazement as michael and shane downed four each , and eve nibbled one . 
 she smiled at shane , and shot back barbs whenever he sent one sailing her way , but claire noticed something else . 
 eve could n't keep her eyes off of michael . 
 at first , claire thought , she knows something , but then she saw the flush in eve 's cheeks showing through the pale makeup , and the glitter in her eyes . 
 oh . 
 well , she guessed michael had looked pretty hot , grabbing her out of danger like that and dragging her out of harm 's way . 
 and now that she thought about it , eve had been making little glances his direction every time they 'd been together . 
 eve finally shoved her plate away and claimed dibs on the bathroom for a long , hot , soaking bubble bath . 
 which claire wished she 'd thought of first . 
 she and michael did the dishes while shane practiced his zombie-fighting skills on xbox . 
 `` eve likes you , you know , '' she said casually as she was rinsing off the last plate . 
 he nearly dropped the one he was drying . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she does . '' 
 `` did she tell you that ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i do n't think you understand eve , then . '' 
 `` do n't you like her ? '' 
 `` of course i like her ! '' 
 `` enough to ... ? '' 
 `` i am not talking about this . '' 
 he put the plate into the drainer . 
 `` jesus , claire ! '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you like her , do n't you ? '' 
 `` even if i did - '' he stopped short , glancing toward the doorway and lowering his voice . 
 `` even if i did , there are a few problems , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` everybody 's got problems , '' she said . 
 `` especially in this town . 
 i 've only been here six weeks , and i already know that . '' 
 whatever he thought about that , he dried his hands and walked out . 
 she heard him talking to shane , and when she went out the two of them were deep into the video game , elbowing each other and fighting for every point . 
 boys . 
 sheesh . 
 she was on her way to her room , passing the bathroom , when she heard eve crying . 
 she knocked quietly , and looked in when eve muffled her sobs . 
 the door was n't locked . 
 eve was dressed in a black fluffy robe , sitting on the toilet ; she 'd stripped off her makeup and let her hair down , and she looked like a little girl in a too-large adult outfit . 
 fragile . 
 she gave claire a shaky grin and wiped tear tracks from her face . 
 `` sorry , '' she said , and cleared her throat . 
 `` kind of a suck-ass day , you know ? '' 
 `` that guy . 
 that vampire . 
 he acted like he knew you , '' claire said . 
 `` yeah . 
 he - he 's the one who gives my family protection . 
 i turned him down . 
 he 's not too happy . '' 
 she gave a hollow little laugh . 
 `` guess nobody likes rejection . '' 
 claire studied her . 
 `` you okay , though ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 peachy . '' 
 eve waved her out . 
 `` go study . 
 get smart enough to blow this town . 
 i 'm just a little bit down . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 later , when michael started playing , claire heard eve crying through the wall again . 
 she did n't go investigate , and she did n't watch michael vanish . 
 she did n't think she had the courage . 
 shane went with her the next day to buy some clothes . 
 it was only three blocks to the colorless retail section of town , with all its dingy-looking thrift stores ; she did n't want his company , but he was n't letting her go alone . 
 `` you let eve go alone , '' she pointed out as he sat on the couch putting on his shoes . 
 `` yeah , well , eve has a car , '' he said . 
 `` besides , i was n't up . 
 you get escorted . 
 live with it . '' 
 she felt secretly pleased about it . 
 a little . 
 it was another typically sunny day , the sidewalks almost vibrating with heat . 
 not a lot of pedestrians , but then , there rarely were . 
 shane walked with a long , loping stride , hands in his pockets ; she had to hurry to keep up . 
 she kept waiting for him to say something , but he did n't . 
 after a while , she just started talking . 
 `` did you have a lot of friends , growing up here ? '' 
 `` friends ? 
 yeah , i guess . 
 a few . 
 michael . 
 i kind of knew eve back then , but we hung with different crowds . 
 couple of other kids . '' 
 `` what - what happened to them ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' shane said . 
 `` they grew up , got jobs , claimed protection , kept right on going . 
 that 's how it works in morganville . 
 you either stay in , or you run . '' 
 `` do you ever see them ? '' 
 because she 'd been amazed how much she 'd missed her friends back home , especially elizabeth . 
 she 'd always thought she was a loner , but ... maybe she was n't . 
 maybe nobody really was . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` nothing in common these days . 
 they do n't want to hang with somebody like me . '' 
 `` somebody who does n't want to fit in . '' 
 shane glanced at her and nodded . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` nobody 's fault . 
 so what about you ? 
 any friends back home ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 elizabeth , she 's my best friend . 
 we talked all the time , you know ? 
 but ... when she found out i was going away to school , she just ... '' claire decided a shrug was about the best opinion she could offer about it . 
 `` ever call her ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` but it 's like we do n't know each other anymore . 
 you know ? 
 we have to think about what to say . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` god , i know what you mean . '' 
 shane suddenly stopped and took his hands out of his pockets . 
 they were in the middle of the block , in between two stores , and at first she thought he was going to look in a window , but then he said tensely , `` turn around and walk away . 
 just go into the first store you see , and hide . '' 
 `` but - '' `` do it , claire . 
 now . '' 
 she backed away and turned , walked as fast as she dared to the store they 'd already passed . 
 it was a skanky-looking used-clothing store , nowhere she 'd willingly shop , but she pushed open the door and looked back over her shoulder as she did . 
 a cop car was gliding to the curb next to shane . 
 he was standing there , hands at his sides , looking bland and respectful , and the cop who was driving leaned out of the window to say something to him . 
 claire nearly fell forward as the door was jerked open , and stumbled over the threshold into a darkened , musty-smelling interior . 
 `` hey there , '' the uniformed cop who 'd opened the door said to her . 
 he was an older man , blond , with thinning hair and a thick mustache . 
 cold blue eyes and crooked teeth . 
 `` claire , right ? '' 
 `` i - '' she could n't think what to say to that . 
 all her life she 'd been told not to lie to the police , but ... `` yes , sir . '' 
 she could tell he already knew , anyway . 
 `` my name 's gerald . 
 gerald bradfield . 
 pleased to meet you . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 she swallowed hard , wiped her sweaty palm , and shook . 
 she half expected that he 'd click handcuffs around her wrists , but he just half crushed her hand as he pumped it twice , up and down , and let go . 
 `` people been looking for you , you know . '' 
 `` i - did n't know that , sir . '' 
 `` did n't you ? '' 
 cold , cold eyes , no matter what the smile said . 
 `` ca n't imagine that , little girl . 
 fact is , the mayor 's daughter was worried about where you might have got off to . 
 asked us to find you . 
 make sure you were all right . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , sir . '' 
 she could barely talk . 
 her mouth had gone dry . 
 `` i 'm not in trouble , am i ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` why would you be in trouble , claire ? 
 no , you do n't have to worry about that . 
 fact is , we already know where you are . 
 and who you 're running with . 
 you should be more careful , honey . 
 you 're brand-new here , but you already know a hell of a lot more than you ought . 
 and your friends are n't exactly the kind that guarantee a peaceful life in this town . 
 troublemakers . 
 you do n't look like a troublemaker to me . 
 tell you what , you move back into the dorm , be a good girl , go to classes , i 'll personally make sure nothing happens to you . '' 
 claire wanted to nod , wanted to agree , wanted to do anything to get away from this man . 
 she looked around the store . 
 there were other people in there , but she could n't get any of them to look at her . 
 it was like she did n't even exist . 
 `` you do n't think i can do it , '' he said . 
 `` i can . 
 count on it . '' 
 she looked back at him , and his eyes had gone white , with little dots of pupils in the middle . 
 when he smiled , she saw a flash of fangs . 
 she gasped , backed away , and grabbed for the door handle . 
 she lunged out into the street , running , and saw shane standing right where he 'd been , watching the police car pull away from the curb . 
 he turned and grabbed her as she practically crashed into him . 
 `` vampire ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` v-vampire cop . 
 in the store ! '' 
 `` must have been bradfield , '' shane said . 
 `` tall guy ? 
 kind of bald , with a mustache ? '' 
 she nodded , shaking all over . 
 shane did n't even look surprised , much less alarmed . 
 `` bradfield 's okay , '' he said . 
 `` not the worst guy in town , that 's for sure . 
 he hurt you ? '' 
 `` he - he just shook my hand . 
 but he said he knew ! 
 he knew where i was living ! '' 
 again , shane did n't look surprised . 
 `` yeah , well , that was just a matter of time . 
 they pulled over to ask me your full name . 
 they added it to inventory . '' 
 `` inventory ? '' 
 `` that 's what they call it . 
 it 's like a census . 
 they always know how many are living in a place . 
 look , just walk , okay ? 
 and do n't look so scared . 
 they are n't going to jump us in broad daylight . '' 
 shane had a lot more confidence in that than she did , but she got control of her shaking and nodded , and followed him up another block to a thrift shop that looked brighter , friendlier , and less likely to have vampires lurking inside . 
 `` this is mrs. lawson 's place . 
 she used to be a friend of my mom 's . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 shane held open the door for her , like a gentleman . 
 she supposed his mom had taught him that . 
 inside , the place smelled nice - incense , claire thought - and there were lots of lights burning . 
 no dark corners here , and a bell rang with a pleasant little tinkling sound when shane let the door shut behind them . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 a large woman in a brightly colored tie-dyed shirt and big , swirly skirt hustled over from behind the counter at the back , gathered shane up in a hug , and beamed at him when she stepped back . 
 `` boy , what the hell are you doing back here ? 
 up to no good ? '' 
 `` up to no good , ma'am . 
 just like always . '' 
 `` thought so . 
 good for you . '' 
 the woman 's dark eyes landed on claire . 
 `` who 's your little friend ? '' 
 `` this is claire . 
 claire danvers . 
 she 's - she 's a student at the college . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , claire . 
 now . 
 i 'll bet you did n't come in here just to say ` hey , ' boy , so what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` clothes , '' claire said . 
 `` i 'm looking for some clothes . '' 
 `` those we got . 
 you 're about a size four , right ? 
 come with me , honey . 
 i 've got some really nice things just your size . 
 shane , you look like you could use some new clothes , too . 
 those jeans are raggedy . '' 
 `` supposed to be . '' 
 `` lord . 
 fashion . 
 i just do n't understand it anymore . '' 
 maybe she did n't , but mrs. lawson had all kinds of cute tops and jeans and things , and cheap , too . 
 claire picked an armload and followed her to the counter , where she counted out a grand total of twenty-two dollars , including tax . 
 as mrs. lawson was ringing it up , claire looked behind her to the things on the wall . 
 there was some kind of official-looking certificate hanging there , framed , with an embossed seal ... no , that was n't a seal . 
 that was a symbol . 
 the same symbol as the one on the bracelet mrs. lawson wore . 
 `` you take care , '' mrs. lawson said as she handed over the bag with the clothes . 
 `` both of you . 
 tell shane he needs to get himself right , and he needs to do it quick . 
 they 've been cutting him some slack , given what he went through , but that wo n't last . 
 he needs to be thinking about his future . '' 
 claire looked over her shoulder to where shane was staring out the window , looking bored . 
 eyes half-closed . 
 `` i 'll tell him , '' she said doubtfully . 
 she could n't imagine shane was thinking about anything else . 
 days slipped away , and claire just let them go . 
 she was worried about class , but she was tired and her bruises had turned technicolor , and the last thing she wanted to do was be the center of attention . 
 it was better - shane had convinced her - to do some home study and get back to class when she was better , and monica had had some time to let things blow over . 
 the week slipped away . 
 she fell into a regular routine - up late with michael and shane and eve , sleep until noon , argue over bathroom rights , cook , clean , study , do it all again . 
 it felt ... good . 
 real , somehow , in a way that dorm life did n't , exactly . 
 the following monday , when she got up and made breakfast , she had to make it for two : shane was awake , looking grumpy and groggy . 
 he silently grabbed the bacon and fried some up while she did the eggs ; there was n't any banter , as there had been between him and eve a couple of mornings back . 
 she tried a little conversation , but he was n't in the mood . 
 he just grunted replies . 
 she waited until he was done with his breakfast - which included a cup of coffee , brewed in the tiny little coffeemaker on the corner of the counter - before she asked , `` what are you doing up so early ? '' 
 shane leaned his chair back on two legs , balancing as he chewed . 
 `` ask michael . '' 
 ca n't exactly do that ... `` you doing something for him ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he thumped his chair back down and brushed his hand over his hair , which still looked like a mess . 
 `` do n't expect me to dress up or anything . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what you see is what you get . '' 
 she just looked at him , frowning , trying to figure out what he was saying . 
 `` i 'm taking you to class . 
 you were going back today , right ? '' 
 `` you 're kidding , '' she said flatly . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're kidding . 
 i 'm not some six-year-old who needs her big brother to walk her to school ! 
 no way , shane ! '' 
 `` michael thinks you should have an escort . 
 brandon was pretty pissed . 
 he could find a way to take it out on you , even if he ca n't do it himself . 
 he 's got plenty of people who 'd kick your ass on his say-so . '' 
 shane 's eyes slid away from hers . 
 `` like monica . '' 
 oh , crap . 
 `` monica belongs to brandon ? '' 
 `` the whole morrell family does , far as i know . 
 he 's their own personal badass . 
 so . '' 
 he rubbed his hands together . 
 `` what exciting classes do we have today ? '' 
 `` you ca n't go to class with me ! '' 
 `` hey , you 're welcome to knock me out and stop me , but until you do , i 'm your date for the day . 
 so . 
 what classes ? '' 
 `` calculus ii , physics of sound , chemistry iii , chem lab , and biochemistry . '' 
 `` holy crap . 
 you really are smart . 
 right , i 'll take some comics or something . 
 maybe my ipod . '' 
 she kept glaring at him . 
 it did n't seem to do any good - if anything , it just made him more cheerful . 
 `` i always wanted to be a big man on campus , '' shane said . 
 `` guess this is my chance . '' 
 `` i 'm dead , '' she moaned , and rested her forehead on her hands . 
 `` not yet . 
 and that 's kind of the point . '' 
 she was afraid shane would make a big deal out of it , but he did n't . 
 he even combed his hair , which turned out to make him look totally hot in ways that she was afraid to notice . 
 especially if she had to spend the whole day with him . 
 he 'd picked a plain white shirt and his best pair of blue jeans , which were still out at the knees and frayed at the hems . 
 and plain running shoes . 
 `` in case we have to do any retreating , '' he said . 
 `` plus , kicking somebody when you 're wearing flip-flops hurts . '' 
 `` but you 're not kicking anybody , '' she said quickly . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` nobody who does n't deserve it , '' he said . 
 `` what else do i need to fit in ? '' 
 `` backpack . '' 
 she found her spare - she 'd brought two - and tossed it to him . 
 he stuck in some paperbacks , a psp , and his ipod and headphones , then raided the cabinets for twinkies and bottled water . 
 `` we 're not exactly going to the wilderness , shane . 
 you do n't have to take everything . 
 there are vending machines . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 i did n't see any lunch in that schedule . 
 you 'll thank me later . '' 
 in fact , she did feel better with shane loping along beside her ; he was watching the shadows , the dark alleys , the empty buildings . 
 watching everything . 
 even though he 'd packed the ipod , he was n't listening to it . 
 she missed hers , all of a sudden , and wondered if monica had it . 
 they made it to campus without incident , and they were halfway across it , heading for her first class , when claire suddenly thought of something and came to a full stop . 
 shane kept going for a couple of paces , then looked back . 
 `` monica , '' she said . 
 `` monica 's going to be hanging around . 
 she usually is . 
 she 'll see you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 shane hitched his backpack to a more comfortable spot . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` but - monica ! '' 
 he just looked at her , and started walking . 
 she stayed where she was . 
 `` hey ! 
 you 're supposed to be with me , not leaving me ! '' 
 `` monica 's my business , '' he said . 
 `` drop it . '' 
 he waited for her , and she reluctantly caught up . 
 `` she does n't mess with us , i wo n't mess with her . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 wishful thinking , to claire 's mind . 
 if monica really had gotten it in for shane , even a year or two ago , and gone far enough to kill his sister , she could n't imagine any situation where shane just walked away . 
 shane was n't a walking-away kind of guy . 
 the square concrete courtyard between the architecture building and the math sciences building was packed with students crossing between classes . 
 now that claire knew what to look for , she could n't help but notice how many of them had bracelets - leather , metal , even braided cloth - with symbols on them . 
 and how many students did n't . 
 the ones who wore the symbols were the shiny , confident ones . 
 sorority girls . 
 frat guys . 
 athletes . 
 popular kids . 
 the loners , the sideliners , the dull and average and strange ... they were the ones who were n't protected . 
 they were the cattle . 
 shane was scanning the crowd . 
 claire kept walking quickly toward the math building ; she knew for a fact that monica would n't be caught dead - or killing anybody - in a place that geeky . 
 the only problem was that the third building on the quad was the business administration building , and that was , of course , where monica liked to spend her time hanging out , looking for rich boys . 
 almost there ... she was actually on the steps leading up to the math building when she heard shane stop behind her . 
 he was staring off into the quad , and as claire turned , she saw monica , surrounded by a clique of admirers , staring right back at him . 
 the two of them might as well have been alone . 
 it was the kind of look that people in love exchanged , or people who were about to kill each other . 
 `` son of a bitch , '' shane breathed . 
 he sounded shaken . 
 `` come on , '' claire said , and grabbed his elbow . 
 she was afraid he would n't let her pull him on , but he did , as if his mind was somewhere else . 
 when he finally glanced at her , his eyes were dark and hard . 
 `` not here , '' she said . 
 `` she wo n't come in . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` it would embarrass her . '' 
 he nodded slowly , as if that made sense to him , and followed her to class . 
 claire had a hard time keeping her mind on the droning lecture , which was familiar anyway , and she 'd read far ahead of where the professor was teaching ... but mostly , she kept thinking about shane , sitting motionless next to her , hands on the desk , staring blankly into space . 
 he was n't even listening to his ipod . 
 she could sense the tenseness in his body , like he was just waiting for the chance to hit something . 
 i knew this was a bad idea . 
 it was an hour-and-a-half lecture with a fifteen-minute break in the middle ; when shane got up and walked out , she hastily followed him . 
 he went up to the glass doors and looked out over the quad . 
 `` she 's gone , '' he said , without looking at claire . 
 `` quit worrying about me . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 `` she - eve said she burned your house . '' 
 no reply . 
 `` and - your sister - ? '' 
 `` i could n't get her out , '' shane said . 
 `` she was twelve , and i could n't get her out of the house . 
 that was my job . 
 watch out for her . '' 
 he still did n't look at her . 
 she could n't think of anything to say . 
 after a while , he walked away , into the boys ' bathroom ; she dashed into the girls ' , waiting impatiently for the line to clear , and came back out to find him nowhere in sight . 
 oh , crap . 
 but when she went back to the lecture hall he was sitting right where he 'd been , this time with his ipod earbuds in place . 
 she did n't say anything . 
 neither did he . 
 it was the longest lecture , and the least enjoyable , that claire could remember . 
 physics was in the same building ; if monica was waiting out in the wilting sun on the quad , she 'd be getting a really good tan . 
 shane sat like a statue , if a statue wore headphones and radiated angry coiled tension that made hair stand up on a person 's arms . 
 she felt like she was sitting next to an unexploded bomb , and given all of the physics she 'd had , she understood exactly what that meant . 
 talk about potential energy ... physics crawled slowly by . 
 shane broke out water and twinkies , and shared . 
 chemistry was in the next building , but claire made sure that they went out the side entrance , not through the quad . 
 no sign of monica . 
 she suffered through another hour and a half of chemistry and tension . 
 shane gradually unwound to the point that her nerves did n't jangle like sleigh bells every time he moved , and ended up playing on his psp through most of the class . 
 killing zombies , she hoped . 
 that seemed to put him in a good mood . 
 in fact , he was positively cheerful during chem lab , interested in the experiment and asking so many questions that the teaching assistant , who 'd never had to come to claire 's table before , wandered over and stared at shane as if trying to figure out what he was doing there . 
 `` hey , man , '' shane said , and stuck out his hand . 
 `` shane collins . 
 i 'm - what 's the word i 'm looking for ? 
 auditing . 
 auditing the class . 
 with my friend here . 
 claire . '' 
 `` oh , '' said the ta , whose name claire had never learned . 
 `` right . 
 okay , then . 
 just - follow along . '' 
 shane gave him a thumbs-up and a goofy grin . 
 `` hey , '' he said in an undertone , leaning close to claire . 
 `` any of this stuff blow up ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 um ... yeah , if you do it wrong , i guess . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking about practical applications . 
 bombs . 
 things like that . '' 
 `` shane ! '' 
 he really was distracting . 
 and he smelled good . 
 guy good , which was different from girl good - darker , spicier , a smell that made her go all fluttery inside . 
 oh , come on , it 's shane ! 
 she told herself . 
 that did n't help , especially when he shot her that crooked smile and a look that probably would kill most girls at ten feet . 
 he 's a slacker . 
 and he 's - not that smart . 
 maybe he was , though . 
 just in different places than she was . 
 it was a new idea to her , but she kind of liked it . 
 she slapped his hand when he reached for the reagents , and concentrated on the details of the experiment . 
 she was concentrating so hard , in fact , and shane had gotten so engrossed in watching what she was doing , that neither of them heard footsteps behind them . 
 the first claire knew about it was a searing , burning sensation down the right side of her back . 
 she dropped the beaker she was holding and screamed - could n't help it , because god , that hurt - and shane whirled around and grabbed somebody by the collar who was backing away . 
 gina , the monickette . 
 she snarled and slapped at him , but he did n't let go ; claire , gasping in pain and trying to twist to see what was happening on her back , could see that it was taking everything shane had not to deck his prisoner then and there . 
 the ta came rushing over and other students started realizing there was something wrong , or at least more interesting than lab work ; claire slipped off the stool at the table and tried to look at what was happening to her back , because it hurt . 
 she smelled something terrible . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 the ta blurted . 
 he grabbed the bottled water out of shane 's backpack , opened it , and dumped the contents over claire 's back , then dashed to a cupboard on the side and came back with a box of baking soda . 
 she heard it sizzle when it hit her back , and nearly passed out . 
 `` here . 
 sit . 
 sit down . 
 you , call an ambulance . 
 go ! '' 
 as claire sank down breathlessly again on another , lower stool , the ta grabbed a pair of scissors and cut her shirt up the back , and folded it aside . 
 he cut her bra strap , too , and she just barely had the presence of mind to grab hold before the whole thing slid down her arms . 
 god , it hurts , it hurts ... she tried not to cry . 
 the burn was easing up a little as the baking soda did its work . 
 acid has a low ph ; baking soda has a high one ... well , at least she 'd retained some grasp of chemistry , even now . 
 she looked up and saw that shane still had hold of gina . 
 he 'd twisted her arm behind her back and made her let go of the beaker ; what remained of the acid she 'd splashed on claire was still in the glass , looking as innocent as water . 
 `` it was an accident ! '' 
 she yelped , and stood on her tiptoes as shane twisted harder . 
 `` i tripped ! 
 i 'm sorry ! 
 look , i did n't mean it ... '' `` we 're not working with h so today , '' the ta said grimly . 
 `` you 've got no reason to be walking around with it . 
 claire ? 
 claire , how bad is the pain ? '' 
 `` i - it 's okay . 
 i 'm okay , '' she said , though truthfully she had no idea if she was or not . 
 she felt lightheaded , sick , and cold . 
 shock , probably . 
 and embarrassment , because god , she was half naked in front of the entire chem lab , and ... shane ... `` can i put something on ? '' 
 `` no , you ca n't let anything touch that . 
 the burn 's through several layers of skin . 
 it 'll need treatment , and antibiotics . 
 you just sit still . '' 
 the ta turned to shane and gina , and leveled a finger at her . 
 `` you , you 're talking to the campus police . 
 i will not tolerate this kind of attack in my classroom . 
 i do n't care who your friends are ! '' 
 so he knew her . 
 or at least he knew enough . 
 shane was whispering something in gina 's ear , something too low for claire to hear , but it could n't be good , by the expression on the girl 's face . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 claire asked faintly . 
 `` sir , can i have a makeup on the lab work and - '' when she woke up , she was on her side , and she felt warm all over . 
 sleepy . 
 there was someone sitting next to her , a boy , and she blinked twice and realized that it was shane . 
 shane was in her bedroom . 
 no , wait , this was n't her bedroom ; it was somewhere else ... `` emergency room , '' he said . 
 she must have looked confused . 
 `` damn , claire . 
 warn a guy before you do a face-plant on the floor next time . 
 i could have looked all heroic and caught you or something . '' 
 she smiled . 
 her voice came out sounding lazy and slow . 
 `` you caught gina . '' 
 that was funny , so she said it again . 
 `` you caught geeeeeeeeeena . '' 
 `` yeah , ha-ha , you 're high as a kite , you know ? 
 and they called your parents . '' 
 it took her a little while to realize what he 'd just said . 
 `` parents ? '' 
 she repeated , and tried to lift her head . 
 `` oh . 
 ow . 
 not good . '' 
 `` not so much . 
 mom and dad were pretty freaked to hear you became a lab accident . 
 the campus cops forgot to mention the part where gina deliberately threw acid on your back . 
 they seem to think it was just one of those funky accidents . '' 
 `` was it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` accident ? '' 
 `` no way . 
 she meant to hurt you . '' 
 claire plucked at the ugly blue hospital gown she was wearing . 
 `` killed my shirt . '' 
 `` yeah , pretty much . '' 
 shane looked pale and tense . 
 `` i 've been trying to call michael . 
 i do n't know where he is . 
 i do n't want to leave you alone here , but - '' `` he 's okay , '' she said softly , and closed her eyes . 
 `` i 'm okay , too . '' 
 she thought she felt his hand on her hair , a second of light , sweet pressure . 
 `` yeah , '' shane said . 
 `` you 're okay . 
 i 'll be here when you wake up . '' 
 she nodded sleepily , and then everything faded into a lemon yellow haze , like she was lying in the sunlight . 
 ouch . 
 waking up was not fun . 
 no hazy druggy lemon sunlight ; this was more like a blowtorch burning on her back right on the shoulder blade . 
 claire whimpered and burrowed into her pillow , trying to get away from the pain , but it followed close behind . 
 the drugs had worn off . 
 she blinked and whimpered and slowly sat up ; a passing nurse stopped and came in to check her over . 
 `` congratulations , '' she said . 
 `` you 're doing well . 
 that burn is going to hurt for a while , but if you take the antibiotics and keep the wound clean , you 'll be fine . 
 you 're lucky somebody was there to wash it off and neutralize the reaction . 
 i 've seen battery acid burns down to the bone . '' 
 claire nodded , not sure she could actually speak without throwing up . 
 her whole side felt hot and bruised . 
 `` do you want to get down ? '' 
 she nodded again . 
 the nurse helped her down , and gave her what was left of her clothes when she asked . 
 the bra , cut through , was a total loss . 
 the shirt - not much left of that , either . 
 the nurse came up with a loose black t-shirt from lost and found and got her presentable , and the doctor came around to give her a quick once-over . 
 from the brisk way they dispensed with her , a little sulfuric acid burn was barely worth working up a sweat about , at least in morganville . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 she asked shane as he wheeled her through the halls to the exit . 
 `` i mean , is it , like , really gross ? '' 
 `` unbelievably gross , '' he said . 
 `` horror movie gruesome . '' 
 `` oh god . '' 
 he relented . 
 `` it 's not so bad . 
 it 's about the size of a quarter . 
 your teacher guy did a good job chopping up your clothes and getting it away from your skin . 
 i know it hurt like hell , but it could have been a lot worse . '' 
 there had been a lot more in the beaker in gina 's hand . 
 `` do you - do you think she was going to - ? '' 
 `` pour it all on you ? 
 hell yeah . 
 she just did n't have time . '' 
 wow . 
 that was ... unpleasant . 
 she felt hot and cold and a little sick , and it had nothing to do with shock this time . 
 `` i guess that was monica 's payback . '' 
 `` some of it , anyway . 
 she 'll be really pissed now that it did n't go over the way she thought it would . '' 
 the idea of monica being really pissed was n't the best way to end the day - and it was the end of the day , she realized as shane rolled her up to the automatic glass double doors . 
 it was dark . 
 `` oh , '' she said , and covered her mouth . 
 `` oh no . '' 
 `` yeah , well , we 've got transpo covered , at least . 
 ready ? '' 
 she nodded , and shane suddenly accelerated her chair into a flat-out run . 
 claire yelped and grabbed for the handles , feeling utterly out of control as the chair bounced its way down the ramp and skidded to a halt just inches from the shiny black side of eve 's car . 
 eve threw open the passenger door , and claire tried to get up on her own , but shane grabbed her around the waist and lifted her straight into the seat . 
 it took seconds , and then he was kicking the wheelchair back toward the ramp , where it bumped into the railing and sat there , looking lost . 
 shane dived into the back . 
 `` punch it ! '' 
 he said . 
 eve did , as claire struggled to find some kind of seat belt setting that would n't reduce her to gasps and tears of pain . 
 she settled for hunching forward , bracing herself on the massive dashboard , as eve peeled out of the parking lot and raced down the dark street . 
 the streetlights looked eerie and too far apart - was that deliberate ? 
 did the vampires control even how far apart they built the lights ? 
 or was she just freaked beyond belief ? 
 `` is he there ? '' 
 shane asked , leaning over the seat back . 
 eve shot him a look . 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` he 's there . 
 but do n't put me in the middle of it . 
 i have to work there , you know . '' 
 `` i promise , i wo n't tick off your boss . '' 
 she did n't believe him - that much was clear - but eve turned right instead of left at the next light , and in about two minutes pulled up at the curb in front of common grounds , which was ablaze with light . 
 crowded , too . 
 claire frowned , but before she could even ask , shane was out of the car and heading inside the coffee shop . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` something stupid , '' eve said . 
 `` how 's the burn ? 
 hurts , huh ? '' 
 claire would have shrugged , but when she even thought about it the imagined pain made her flinch . 
 `` not so bad , '' she said bravely , and tried a smile . 
 `` could have been a lot worse , i guess . '' 
 `` i guess , '' eve agreed . 
 `` told you classes were dangerous . 
 we need to get this under control . 
 you ca n't go back if this kind of thing happens . '' 
 `` i ca n't quit ! '' 
 `` sure you can , '' eve said cheerfully . 
 `` people do it all the time . 
 just not people like you - oh , damn . '' 
 eve bit her black-painted lip , eyes wide and worried as she stared through the window at the brightly lit interior of the shop . 
 and after a few seconds , claire saw what she was worried about : the hippie manager , oliver , was standing at the window watching them right back , and behind him , shane was pulling up a chair to the far-corner table , where a dark shape was sitting . 
 `` tell me he 's not talking to brandon , '' claire said . 
 `` um ... okay . 
 he 's not talking to brandon . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's talking to brandon . 
 look , let shane do his thing , okay ? 
 he 's not as stupid as he looks , mostly . '' 
 `` but he 's not - protected , right ? '' 
 `` that 's why he 's talking in common grounds . 
 it 's sort of a truce spot . 
 vampires do n't hunt there , or they 're not supposed to , anyway . 
 and it 's where all kinds of deals and treaties and stuff get made . 
 so shane 's safe enough in there . '' 
 but she was still biting her lip and looking worried . 
 `` unless ? '' 
 claire guessed . 
 `` unless shane attacks first . 
 self-defense does n't count . '' 
 shane was being good , as far as claire could see ... his hands were on the table , and although he was bent over saying something , he was n't slugging anybody . 
 that was good , right ? 
 although she had no idea what he could be saying to brandon , anyway . 
 brandon was n't the one who had poured acid on her back . 
 whatever shane said , it did n't seem to go down too hard ; eventually , shane just shoved his chair back and walked out , nodding to oliver on the way out . 
 brandon slid out from behind the table , dark and sleek , to follow shane to the doorway , close enough to reach out and grab him . 
 but that was just a mind game , claire realized as she started to yell a warning . 
 brandon wanted to freak him out , not hurt him . 
 shane just looked over his shoulder , shrugged , and exited the coffee shop . 
 when brandon started to follow , oliver reached across and put his arm in the way . 
 by the time brandon had snarled something at him , shane was in the car , and eve was already gunning it away from the curb . 
 `` do we need to be afraid now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because i 'd like a head start before the official terror alert goes up . '' 
 `` nope . 
 we 're clear , '' shane said . 
 he sounded tired , and a little strange . 
 `` claire 's got a free pass . 
 nobody 's going to come after her . 
 including monica and her sock puppets . '' 
 `` but - what ? 
 why ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 eve evidently did n't have to ask . 
 she just looked grim and angry . 
 `` we did a trade , '' shane said . 
 `` vampires are all about the one-up . '' 
 `` you 're such an idiot ! '' 
 eve hissed . 
 `` i did what i had to do ! 
 i could n't ask michael . 
 he was n't - '' shane bit off whatever he was about to say , violently , and got the anger in his voice under tight control . 
 `` he was n't around . 
 again . 
 i had to do something . 
 claire was n't kidding . 
 they 'll kill her , or at least , they 'll hurt her so bad she 'll wish they 'd finish it up . 
 i ca n't let that happen . '' 
 there was , claire thought , a silent not again at the end of that . 
 she wanted to turn and look at him , but it hurt too much to try . 
 she tried to meet his eyes in the mirror instead . 
 `` shane , '' she said . 
 `` what did you promise ? '' 
 `` nothing i ca n't afford to lose . '' 
 `` shane ! '' 
 but shane did n't answer . 
 neither did eve , although she parted her lips a couple of times , then shut them without making a sound . 
 the rest of the drive was done in silence , and once they 'd pulled in at the curb , eve got out and hurried up the walk to unlock the door . 
 claire opened the passenger door and started to get out , but again , shane was there ahead of her , helping her up . 
 man , he was ... strong . 
 and he had big , warm hands . 
 she shivered , and he immediately asked , `` cold ? '' 
 but it was n't that . 
 not that at all . 
 `` shane , what did you promise ? '' 
 she blurted , and grabbed his forearm . 
 not that he could n't have pulled free , but ... he did n't . 
 he just looked down at her . 
 they were standing really close together , close enough she felt every nerve in her body fizz like a shaken can of coke . 
 `` you did n't - do something - '' `` stupid ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked down at her hand , and after a second , he touched it with his own . 
 just for a second , and then yanked away from her like she 'd burned him . 
 she 'd been right ; he could break free without even thinking about it . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's what i 'm good at . 
 the stupid stuff . 
 probably for the best ; having two big brains in the house might get kinda crowded . '' 
 when she tried to say something , he motioned her toward the house . 
 `` unless you want to hang a this vein for rent sign around your neck , move already ! '' 
 she moved . 
 the front door was open , and shane followed behind her , close behind , until she was going up the steps . 
 she did n't hear his footsteps anymore , and turned to look . 
 he was standing at the bottom of the stairs , watching the street . 
 there was a vampire standing at the corner , under the glow of a streetlight . 
 brandon . 
 just standing there , arms folded , he was leaning against the lamppost like he had all the time in the world . 
 he blew them a kiss , turned , and walked away . 
 shane shot him the finger and practically shoved claire across the threshold . 
 `` do n't you ever stop out there ! '' 
 `` you said i got a free pass ! '' 
 `` it does n't come with a written guarantee ! '' 
 `` what did you promise him ? '' 
 she yelled . 
 shane slammed the door , hard , and started to push past her to go down the hall , but just as he got there , michael stepped into his path . 
 and michael looked pissed . 
 `` answer her , '' he said . 
 `` what the hell did you do , shane ? '' 
 `` oh , now you care ? 
 where the hell were you , man ? 
 i called ! 
 i came and looked for you . 
 hell , i even picked the lock to your room ! '' 
 michael 's blue eyes flickered from shane to claire and back . 
 `` i had things to do . '' 
 `` dude , today you had things to do ? 
 whatever , man . 
 you were n't around , and i had to make the call . 
 so i made it . '' 
 `` shane . '' 
 michael reached out and grabbed him by the arm , dragging him to a stop . 
 `` it sounds like she deserves an answer . 
 we all do . '' 
 behind him , eve stepped around the corner , arms folded . 
 shane let out a short , harsh laugh . 
 `` ganging up on me with the girls ? 
 low blow , man . 
 low blow . 
 what happened to male bonding ? '' 
 `` eve says you talked to brandon . '' 
 claire watched the fight go out of shane 's shoulders . 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . 
 i had to . 
 i mean - look , they threw acid on her and the damn cops would n't even - i had to go to the source . 
 you taught me that . '' 
 `` you made a deal with brandon , '' michael said , and claire heard the sick tremor in his voice . 
 `` oh , dammit to hell , shane . 
 you did n't . '' 
 shane shrugged . 
 he was n't meeting michael 's eyes . 
 `` dude , it 's done . 
 do n't make a thing out of it . 
 it 's only twice . 
 and he ca n't drain me or anything . '' 
 `` shit ! '' 
 michael turned and slammed his hand hard into the wooden doorframe . 
 `` you do n't even know her , man ! 
 you ca n't make a crusade out of this ! '' 
 `` i 'm not ! '' 
 `` she 's not alyssa ! '' 
 michael yelled , and that was the loudest shout she 'd ever heard in her life . 
 claire flinched and stepped back , and saw eve do the same behind him . 
 shane did n't move . 
 it was like he could n't . 
 he just stood there , head down . 
 and then he took a deep breath , raised his head , and met michael 's furious eyes . 
 `` i know she 's not alyssa , '' he said , and his tone was still , quiet , and completely cold . 
 `` you need to back the hell off , michael , and you need to stop thinking i 'm the screwed-up kid you knew back then . 
 i know what i 'm doing , and you 're not my dad . '' 
 `` i 'm the closest thing you have to family around here ! '' 
 michael came off of the yelling , but claire could hear the anger bubbling in his voice . 
 `` and i 'm not letting you play the hero . 
 not now . '' 
 `` i would n't have to if you 'd step up and watch my back ! '' 
 shane shoved past him this time , pounded up the stairs , and slammed the door to his room . 
 michael stood there , staring after him until claire took a step forward . 
 she froze when he looked at her , afraid he 'd be angrier at her than he had been at shane . 
 after all , it had been her fault ... `` come sit down , '' michael said . 
 `` i 'll get you something to eat . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' `` yes , you do . 
 sit . 
 eve , hold her down if you have to . '' 
 he took her hand for a second , squeezed it , and stood aside for her to move to the couch . 
 she sank onto it with a sigh of relief and rested her forehead on her hands . 
 god , what a miserable day . 
 it had started out so - and shane - but - `` you understand what shane did , right ? '' 
 eve asked , plopping next to her . 
 `` how he , you know , made the deal ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she felt hot , and miserable , and she definitely did n't want food . 
 but michael was n't exactly in the mood to take no for an answer . 
 `` i have no idea what 's going on . '' 
 `` shane traded two sessions to brandon in exchange for him leaving you alone . '' 
 `` he - what ? '' 
 claire looked up , mortally confused . 
 was shane gay ? 
 she had n't even thought about the possibility ... `` sessions . 
 you know , bites . '' 
 eve mimed fangs . 
 `` the agreement is that brandon can fang him - twice . 
 he just ca n't , you know , kill him . 
 it 's not about food , it 's pleasure . 
 and power . '' 
 eve smoothed her pleated skirt and frowned down at her short , black fingernails . 
 `` michael 's right to be angry about it . 
 not killing somebody is a hell of a long way from not hurting them . 
 and brandon 's got a lot of experience at making deals . 
 shane does n't . '' 
 somehow , she 'd known that - from the way shane had acted , the way brandon had been watching them , the way michael had been so angry . 
 it was n't just that shane had told brandon to back off , or made some dumbass promise . 
 shane had traded his life for hers - or at least , he was risking it . 
 claire gasped , and fear prickled her skin so hard it was like rolling in needles . 
 `` but if he gets bitten , is he - wo n't he - ? '' 
 `` turn into a vampire ? '' 
 eve shook her head . 
 `` it ca n't work that way , or morganville 'd be the undead metroplex by now for sure . 
 all my life , i 've never seen or heard of anybody turned into a vampire from a bite . 
 the suckers around here are really old . 
 not that shane would n't look completely hot with a nice set of fangs , but ... '' she fiddled with the pleats on her skirt . 
 `` shit . 
 this is stupid . 
 why not me ? 
 i mean , not that i exactly want to - not anymore - but ... it 's worse for guys . '' 
 `` worse ? 
 why ? '' 
 eve shrugged , but claire could see she was avoiding the question . 
 `` shane 's definitely not going to be able to handle it . 
 boy ca n't even let somebody else have the last corn dog , and he does n't even like corn dogs . 
 he 's a total control freak . '' 
 she fidgeted for a few more seconds , then added , softly , `` and i 'm afraid for him . '' 
 as michael came back into the room , eve jumped up and ran around moving things , stacking things , until michael gave her a none-too-subtle signal to leave . 
 which she did , making some excuse claire did n't hear , and clattered upstairs to her room . 
 michael handed claire a bowl . 
 `` chili . 
 sorry . 
 it 's what we 've got . '' 
 she nodded and took a spoonful , because she 'd always pretty much done what she was told ... and the second the chili hit her tongue , she realized that she was starving . 
 she swallowed it almost without chewing , and was scooping up the next bite before she knew what she was doing . 
 shane needed to go into the chili business . 
 michael slipped into the leather armchair to the left and picked up the guitar he 'd laid aside . 
 he started tuning it as if the whole scene with shane had n't even happened . 
 she ate , stealing glances at him as he bent over the instrument , drawing soft , resonant notes . 
 `` you 're not mad ? '' 
 she finally asked , or mumbled . 
 `` mad ? '' 
 he did n't raise his curly blond head . 
 `` mad is what you get when somebody flips you the finger on the freeway , claire . 
 no . 
 i 'm scared . 
 and i 'm trying to think what to do about it . '' 
 she stopped chewing for a few seconds , then realized that choking on her food was n't likely to make things any better . 
 `` shane 's hotheaded , '' michael said . 
 `` he 's a good guy , but he does n't think . 
 i should have thought for him , before i brought you in here . '' 
 claire swallowed . 
 the food had suddenly gone a little sour in her mouth , so she put the spoon down . 
 `` me ? '' 
 michael 's fingers stilled on the guitar strings . 
 `` you know about his sister , right ? '' 
 alyssa . 
 that was the name michael had thrown out . 
 the one that had hurt shane . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 `` shane 's not a complicated guy . 
 if he cares about somebody , he fights for them . 
 simple . 
 lyssa - lyssa was a sweet kid . 
 and he had that whole big-brother thing working . 
 he 'd have died for her . '' 
 michael slowly shook his head . 
 `` nearly did . 
 anyway , the point is that lyssa would have been your age by now , and here you are getting hurt by the same bitches who killed his sister , trying to get him . 
 so yeah . 
 he 'd do anything - anything - not to have to live through that again . 
 you may not be lyssa , but he likes you , and more than that , he hates monica morrell . 
 so much he - '' michael could n't seem to say it . 
 he stared off into space for a few seconds , then went on . 
 `` making deals with the vampires in this town will keep you alive on the outside , but it eats you on the inside . 
 i watched it happen to my folks , before they got out of here . 
 eve 's parents , too . 
 her sisters . 
 if shane goes through with this , it 'll kill him . '' 
 claire stood up . 
 `` he 's not going through with it , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not letting him . '' 
 `` how exactly are you going to stop him ? 
 hell , i ca n't stop him , and he listens to me . 
 mostly . '' 
 `` look , eve said - eve said vampires own this town . 
 is that true ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 they 've been here as long as anybody can remember . 
 if you live here , you learn to live with them . 
 if you ca n't , then you go . '' 
 `` they do n't just run around biting people , though . '' 
 `` that would be rude , '' he said gravely . 
 `` they do n't need to . 
 everybody in town - everybody who 's a resident - pays taxes . 
 blood tax . 
 two pints a month , down at the hospital . '' 
 she stared . 
 `` i did n't have to ! '' 
 `` college kids do n't . 
 they get taxed a different way . '' 
 he looked grim , and with a sick , twisting sense of horror she realized what he was going to say right before he made it real . 
 `` vamps have a deal with the school . 
 they get to take two percent a year , right off the top . 
 used to be more , but i think they got worried . 
 couple of close calls with the media . 
 there 's nothing tv stations like more than a pretty young college girl gone missing . 
 claire , what are you thinking ? '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` if the vamps have this all planned out , then they 've got , you know , structure . 
 right ? 
 they ca n't all just be running their own shows . 
 not if there are a lot of them . 
 there 's got to be somebody in charge . '' 
 `` true . 
 brandon 's got a boss . 
 and his boss probably has a boss . '' 
 `` so all we have to do is make a deal with his boss , '' she said . 
 `` for something other than shane getting bit . '' 
 `` all ? '' 
 `` they have to want something . 
 something more than what they already have . 
 we just need to find out what it is . '' 
 there was a creak on the stairs . 
 michael turned to look , and so did claire . 
 eve was standing there . 
 `` did n't hear you coming , '' michael said . 
 she shrugged and padded down the steps ; she 'd taken off her shoes . 
 even her black-and-white hose had little skulls on the toes . 
 `` i know what they want , '' she said . 
 `` not that we 're going to be able to find it . '' 
 michael looked at her for a long time . 
 eve did n't look away ; she walked right up to him , and claire suddenly felt like she was in the middle of something personal . 
 maybe it was the way he was looking at her , or how she was smiling at him , but it made claire fidget and closely examine a stack of books on the end table . 
 `` i do n't want you in this , '' michael said . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw him reach out and take eve 's hand . 
 `` shane 's in it . 
 claire 's in it . 
 hey , even you 're in it . '' 
 eve shrugged . 
 `` you know how much i hate being left out . 
 besides , if there 's a way to stick it to brandon , i 'm all for it . 
 that guy needs a poke in the eye with a nice , sharp stake . '' 
 they were still holding hands . 
 claire cleared her throat , and michael let go first . 
 `` what is it ? 
 what do they want ? '' 
 eve grinned . 
 `` oh , you 're gon na love this , '' she said . 
 `` they want a book . 
 and i ca n't think of anybody who 'd have a better shot at finding it than you , book girl . '' 
 there were a lot of rules to morganville claire had n't even thought about . 
 the blood donation , that was one - and she was starting to wonder how michael was getting away with not paying his taxes . 
 he could n't , right ? 
 if he could n't leave the house ? 
 she sat down cross-legged on the floor with a ledger notebook , turned to a fresh sheet of paper , and made a heading that read pluses for vampires . 
 under that column , she wrote down blood donation , protection , favors , deals . 
 `` oh , put down curfew , '' eve said . 
 `` there 's a curfew ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , of course . 
 except for the school . 
 they do n't care if the students roam around all night , because , you know - '' eve mimed fangs in the neck . 
 claire swallowed and nodded . 
 `` but for locals ? 
 oh yeah . '' 
 `` how is that a plus for them ? '' 
 `` they do n't have to worry about who 's safe to bite and who 's not . 
 if you 're out running around , you 're lunch . '' 
 she wrote down curfew . 
 then she turned the page and wrote down minuses for vampires . 
 `` what are they afraid of ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't think we were done with the pluses , '' michael said . 
 he sat down on the floor next to the two girls - well , closer to eve , claire noticed . 
 `` probably a lot you did n't write down . '' 
 `` oh , let the girl feel better about it , '' eve said . 
 `` it 's not all gloomy . 
 obviously , they do n't like daytime - '' claire wrote it down . 
 `` and garlic ... silver ... um , holy water - '' `` you sure about those ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 `` i always thought they pretended on a lot of that , just in case . '' 
 `` why would they do that ? '' 
 claire answered without looking up . 
 `` because it makes it easier to hide what really can hurt them . 
 i 'm writing it down anyway , but it may not be right . '' 
 `` fire is for real , '' michael said . 
 `` i saw a vampire die once , when i was just a kid . 
 one of those revenge deals . '' 
 eve pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i remember hearing about it . 
 tom sullivan . '' 
 claire asked , wide-eyed , `` the vampire was named - ? '' 
 `` not the vampire , '' michael said . 
 `` the guy who killed him . 
 tommy sullivan . 
 he was kind of a screwup , drank a lot , which is n't too unusual around here . 
 he had a kid . 
 she died . 
 he blamed the vampires , so he doused one with gas and set him on fire , sitting right in the middle of the restaurant . '' 
 `` you saw that ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` you grow up fast in morganville . 
 the point is , there was a trial the next night . 
 not much chance for tommy . 
 he was dead before morning . 
 but ... fire works . 
 just do n't get caught . '' 
 claire wrote down fire . 
 `` what about stakes ? '' 
 `` you 've seen brandon , '' eve said . 
 `` you want to try to get close enough to stake him ? 
 yeah , me neither . '' 
 `` but do they work ? '' 
 `` guess so . 
 you have to fill out a form when you buy wood . '' 
 claire wrote it down . 
 `` crosses ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because they 're evil , soulless , bloodsucking fiends ? '' 
 `` so was my sixth-grade gym teacher , but he was n't afraid of a cross . '' 
 `` funny , '' eve said , in the way that meant not . 
 `` because there are hardly any churches , and so far as i know , crosses are impossible to come by unless you make 'em yourself . 
 also , all these guys grew up - is n't that weird , thinking of them growing up ? 
 - when religion was n't just something you did on sundays . 
 it was something you were , every minute , every day , and god was always up for a little recreational smiting of the wicked . '' 
 `` do n't , '' michael murmured . 
 `` god 's scarce enough around here . '' 
 `` no offense to the big guy , michael , but he made himself scarce , '' eve shot back . 
 `` you know how many nights i spent in bed praying , dear god , please take away all the bad people ? 
 yeah , that really worked . '' 
 michael opened his mouth to say something . 
 `` and please do n't tell me god loves me . 
 if god loved me , he 'd drop a bus ticket to austin in my lap so i could blow this town once and for all . '' 
 eve sounded - well , angry . 
 claire tapped her pencil against the pad , not making eye contact . 
 `` how do they keep people from leaving ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they do n't . 
 some people leave . 
 i mean , shane did , '' michael said . 
 `` i think the question you 're looking for is , how do they keep them from talking ? 
 and that 's where it gets weird . '' 
 `` that 's where ? '' 
 claire murmured . 
 eve laughed . 
 `` i do n't know myself , because i never got out of town , but shane says that once you get about ten miles outside of morganville , you get this terrible headache , and then you just ... start to forget . 
 first you ca n't remember what the name of the town was , and then you ca n't remember how to get there , and then you do n't remember that the town had vampires . 
 or the rules . 
 it just - does n't exist anymore for you . 
 it comes back if you return to town , but when you 're out , you ca n't run around telling all about morganville because you just do n't remember . '' 
 `` i heard rumors , '' eve said . 
 `` some people start remembering , but they get - '' she made a graphic throat-cutting gesture . 
 `` hit squads . '' 
 claire tried to think of things that would cause that kind of memory loss . 
 drugs , maybe ? 
 or ... some kind of local energy field ? 
 or ... okay , she had no idea . 
 but it sounded like magic , and magic made her nervous . 
 she supposed vampires were magic , too , when you got right down to it , and that made her even more nervous . 
 magic did n't exist . 
 should n't exist . 
 it was just ... wrong . 
 it offended her scientific training . 
 `` so where does all that leave us ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 it was a reasonable question . 
 claire flipped another page , wrote down memory loss aft . 
 depart , and said , `` i 'm not sure . 
 i mean , if we 're going to put together any kind of a plan , we have to basically know as much as we can to make sure it 's a good enough approach . 
 so keep talking . 
 what else ? '' 
 it went on for hours . 
 the grandfather clock solemnly announced the arrival and departure of nine o'clock , then ten , then eleven . 
 it was nearly midnight , and claire had scribbled up most of the ledger pages , when she looked at michael and eve and asked , `` anything else ? '' 
 and got negative shakes of their heads in reply . 
 `` okay , then . 
 tell me about the book . '' 
 `` i do n't know a lot , '' eve said . 
 `` they just put out a notice about ten years ago that they were looking for it . 
 i heard they have people all over town going through libraries , bookstores , anyplace it could be hidden . 
 but the weird thing is that vamps ca n't actually read it . '' 
 `` you mean it 's in some other language ? '' 
 michael raised his eyebrows . 
 `` i do n't think it 's that easy . 
 i mean , every one of these suckers has got to speak a dozen languages , at least . '' 
 `` dead languages , '' eve said . 
 when they looked at her , she grinned . 
 `` what ? 
 come on . 
 funny ! '' 
 `` maybe they ca n't read it for the same reason people ca n't remember anything outside of town , '' claire said slowly . 
 `` because something does n't want them to . '' 
 `` that 's kind of a leap , but the russian judge gave you a nine point five for style , so okay , '' eve said . 
 `` the important thing is that we know what it looks like . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 claire put her pencil to paper . 
 `` a book with a brown leather cover . 
 some kind of symbol on the front . '' 
 `` what kind ? '' 
 because brown leather cover did n't exactly narrow things down when it came to books . 
 eve pushed up the sleeve of her skintight black mesh top , and held out her forearm . 
 there , tattooed in plain blue , was a symbol that looked kind of like an omega , only with some extra waves in it . 
 simple , but definitely nothing claire could remember seeing before . 
 `` they 've been searching for it . 
 they gave everybody growing up in a protected family the tattoo so that we remember what to look for . '' 
 claire stared for a couple of seconds , wanting to ask how old eve was when she got the tattoo , but she did n't quite dare . 
 she dutifully marked the symbol down in her notebook . 
 `` and nobody 's found it . 
 are they sure it 's here ? '' 
 `` they seem to think so . 
 but i 'll bet they 've got their sources searching all over the world for it . 
 seems pretty important to them . '' 
 `` any idea why ? '' 
 `` nobody knows , '' michael said . 
 `` i grew up asking , believe me . 
 nobody has a clue . 
 not even the vampires . '' 
 `` how can they be looking for something and not even know why ? '' 
 `` i 'm not saying somebody does n't know why . 
 but the vampires have ranks , and the only ones i 've ever really talked to are n't exactly in charge . 
 point is , we ca n't find out , so we should n't waste time worrying about it . '' 
 `` good to know . '' 
 claire put contents unknown next to the symbol of the book , then valuable !!!!! underneath , underscored with three dark lines . 
 `` so if we can find this book , we can trade it to get monica off my back , and make sure shane 's deal is called off . '' 
 michael and eve looked at each other . 
 `` did you miss the part where the vamps have been turning morganville upside down trying to find it ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 claire sighed , flipped back a page , and pointed at a note she 'd made . 
 eve and michael both craned over to read it . 
 vampires ca n't read it . 
 they looked blank . 
 `` i 'm going to need to spend some time at the library , '' claire said . 
 `` and we 're going to need some supplies . '' 
 `` to do what ? '' 
 eve still was n't catching on , but michael was . 
 `` fake the book ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you really think that 'll work ? 
 what do you think happens when they figure out we cheated ? '' 
 `` bad idea , '' eve said . 
 `` very bad idea . 
 honest . '' 
 `` guys , '' claire said patiently . 
 `` if we 're careful , they 'll never suspect we 're smart enough to do something like that . 
 not to mention brave enough . 
 so we give them a fake - it 's still more than anybody else has . 
 they may be pissed , but they 'll be pissed that somebody faked it . 
 we just found it . '' 
 they were both looking at her now like they 'd never seen her before . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` bad idea , '' he said . 
 she was too wired to sleep , and besides , her back hurt , and she could n't stand the thought of waiting even one more night to get started . 
 brandon had n't seemed like the kind of guy to wait for his revenge , and shane - shane was n't the kind of guy to not hold up his end of a deal , either . 
 if he 's stupid enough to want to get bitten , fine , but he 's not using me for an excuse . 
 shane had n't come out of his room all night . 
 she had n't heard a thing when she 'd listened - carefully - at his door . 
 eve had mimed headphones and turning up an invisible stereo . 
 claire could understand that ; she 'd spent lots of hours trying to blow out her own eardrums to avoid the world . 
 eve lent her a laptop - a retro thing , big and black and clunky , with a biohazard-symbol sticker on the front . 
 when claire plugged it into the broadband connection and booted it up , the desktop graphic was a cartoon grim reaper holding a road sign instead of a scythe - a road sign that read morganville , with an arrow pointing down . 
 claire clicked on a couple of folders - guiltily , but she was curious - and found they were full of poetry . 
 eve liked death , or at least , she liked to write about it . 
 florid romantic stuff , all angst and blood and moonlit marble ... and then claire noticed the dates . 
 the last of the poetry had been done three years ago . 
 eve would have been , what , fifteen ? 
 she 'd been starry-eyed about vampires back then , but something had changed . 
 no poetry at all for the past three years ... eve walked in the open door . 
 `` working okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 claire jumped , guilty , and gave her the thumbs-up as she clicked open the internet connection . 
 `` okay , i called my cousin in illinois . 
 she 's going to let us use her paypal account , but i have to send her cash , like , tomorrow . 
 here 's the account . '' 
 she handed over a slip of paper . 
 `` we 're not going to get her killed , right ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm not buying much from any one place . 
 a lot of people buy leather and tools and stuff . 
 and paper - how old is this book supposed to be ? '' 
 `` old . '' 
 `` was it on vellum ? '' 
 `` is that paper ? '' 
 `` vellum is the oldest kind of paper they used in books , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's sheepskin . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i guess that , then . 
 it 's really old . '' 
 vellum would be hard . 
 you could get it , but it was easy to trace . 
 but it was n't any good being freak smart if you could n't get around things like that ... oh , yeah , she needed to think about using somebody else to do the research , too . 
 too dangerous having tracks that led right back here to the glass house ... claire went to work . 
 she did n't even notice eve going and shutting the door behind her . 
 for four days , claire studied . 
 four solid days . 
 eve brought her up soup and bread and sandwiches , and shane dropped by once or twice to tell her she was crazy and he wanted her to stay the hell out of his business ; claire did n't pay any attention . 
 she got like that when she was completely inside of something . 
 she heard him , and she said something back , but no way was she listening . 
 like her parents , shane eventually gave up and went away . 
 michael came to her room just a little before dawn . 
 that one surprised her long enough to drag her out of her trance for a while . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` mission save shane ? 
 yeah , it 's going , '' she said . 
 `` i have to work the long way around . 
 no traces . 
 do n't worry - even if the vamps get angry , they wo n't be able to prove we did anything but bring them what we thought they were looking for . '' 
 michael looked pleased , but worried . 
 he worried a lot . 
 she supposed that being trapped the way he was , that was really all he could do - fight anything that got inside to hurt them , and worry about everything else . 
 frustrating , she guessed . 
 `` hey , '' she said , `` when does eve go to work ? '' 
 `` four o'clock . '' 
 `` but that 's - '' `` the night shift . 
 i know . 
 she 's safe enough there , though , and i do n't think any vamp is stupid enough to try to get in the way of that damn car . 
 it 's like being run over by a hummer . 
 i made her promise that oliver would walk her to the car , and shane 's going to get her from the sidewalk inside . '' 
 claire nodded . 
 `` i 'm going with her . '' 
 `` to the coffee shop ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` because it 's anonymous , '' she said . 
 `` every college student in there has a laptop , and the place has free wireless . 
 if i 'm careful , they wo n't be able to trace who 's looking up how to fake-age a book . '' 
 he gave her an exasperated look . 
 on him , it looked cute . 
 god . 
 she was still noticing . 
 she really needed to stop that , but hey . 
 sweet sixteen and never been kissed ... `` i do n't like eve out there at night . 
 you 're definitely not going . '' 
 `` if i do it here , everybody could be in danger . 
 including eve . '' 
 oh , low blow - she saw his eyes shift , but he toughed it out . 
 `` so your answer is that i let you go out there , risk your life , sit in a coffee shop with brandon , and pretend like that 's safer ? 
 claire . 
 in no way does that equal safer . '' 
 `` safer than the vampires deciding that everybody in this house deliberately set out to cheat them out of the thing they want most , '' claire said . 
 `` we 're not playing , are we ? 
 i mean , i can stop if you want , but we do n't have anything else we can trade for shane 's deal . 
 nothing big enough . 
 i 'd let brandon - you know - but somehow i do n't think - '' `` over my - '' michael stopped and laughed . 
 `` i was going to say , ` over my dead body , ' but - '' claire winced . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` you 're not my dad , '' she pointed out , and all of a sudden ... remembered . 
 shane , at the hospital , when she 'd been drugged up , had said , they called your parents . 
 also , she distinctly remembered the words freaked out . 
 oh , crap ! 
 `` dad , '' she said aloud . 
 `` oh no ... um , i need to use the phone . 
 can i ? '' 
 `` calling your parents ? 
 sure . 
 long distance - '' `` yeah , i know . 
 i pay for it . 
 thanks . '' 
 she picked up the cordless phone and dialed her home number . 
 it rang five times , then flipped over to the machine . 
 `` hello , you 've reached les and katharine danvers and their daughter , claire . 
 leave us a message ! '' 
 it was her mom 's bright , businesslike voice . 
 when the beep sounded , claire had a second of blind panic . 
 maybe they were just out shopping . 
 or ... `` hi , mom and dad , it 's claire . 
 i just wanted to - um - say hi . 
 i should have called you , i guess . 
 that lab accident thing , that was nothing , really . 
 i do n't want you to be worried about me - everything 's just fine . 
 really . '' 
 michael , leaning against the doorframe , was making funny faces at her . 
 that seemed like shane 's job , somehow . 
 she stuck her tongue out at him . 
 `` i just - i just wanted to say that . 
 love you . 
 bye . '' 
 she hung up . 
 michael said , `` you ought to get them to come and take you home . '' 
 `` and leave you guys in this mess ? 
 you 're in it because of me . 
 shane 's in it because of me . 
 now that monica knows he 's back ... '' `` oh , believe me , i 'm not underestimating how much trouble we 're in , but you can still go . 
 and you should . 
 i 'm going to try to convince shane to get out , too . 
 eve - eve wo n't go , but she should . '' 
 `` but - '' that leaves you alone , she thought . 
 really alone . 
 there was no getting out for michael . 
 not ever . 
 michael looked up and out the window , where the sky was gradually washing from midnight blue to a paler dawn . 
 `` my time 's up , '' he said . 
 `` promise me you wo n't go with eve tonight . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` claire . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he did n't have time to argue , though she could see he wanted to . 
 he walked down the hall ; she heard his bedroom door close , and thought about what she 'd seen downstairs in the living room . 
 she was n't sure how she 'd handle that if she had to face it every day - it looked really painful . 
 she supposed the worst of it , though , was his knowing that if he 'd been alive , been able to walk around in the daylight , he 'd have been able to stop shane from doing what he 'd done . 
 i would n't have to if you 'd step up and watch my back ! 
 shane had yelled at him , and yeah , that must have hurt just about worse than dying . 
 claire went back to work . 
 her eyes burned , her muscles ached , but in some strange and secret place , she was happy to finally be doing something that was n't just protecting herself , but protecting other people , too . 
 if it worked . 
 the strange thing was , she just knew it would . 
 she knew . 
 she really was a freak , she decided . 
 claire woke up at three thirty , bleary-eyed and aching , and struggled into a fresh t-shirt and a pair of jeans that badly needed washing . 
 one more day , she decided , and then she 'd brave the washing machine in the basement . 
 she had monster bed-head , even though she 'd barely slept for three hours , and had to stick her head under the faucet and finger fluff her hair back to something that was n't too puke-worthy . 
 she stuck the laptop into the messenger-bag case and dashed downstairs ; she could hear eve 's shoes clumping through the house , heading for the door . 
 `` wait up ! '' 
 she yelled , and pelted down the stairs and through the living room just as the front door slammed . 
 `` crap ... '' she opened it just before eve succeeded in locking it . 
 eve looked guilty . 
 `` you were going to leave me , '' claire said . 
 `` i told you i wanted to go ! '' 
 `` yeah , well ... you should n't . '' 
 `` michael talked to you last night . '' 
 eve sighed and fidgeted one black patent leather shoe . 
 `` little bit , yeah . 
 before he went to bed . '' 
 `` i do n't need everybody protecting me . 
 i 'm trying to help ! '' 
 `` i get it , '' eve said . 
 `` if i say no and drive off , what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` walk . '' 
 `` that 's what i was afraid of . '' 
 eve shrugged . 
 `` get in the car . '' 
 common grounds was packed with students reading , chatting , drinking chai and mochas and lattes . 
 and , claire was gratified to see , working on laptops . 
 there must have been a dozen going at once . 
 she gave eve a thumbs-up , ordered a cup of tea , and went in search of a decent spot to work . 
 something with her back to the wall . 
 oliver brought her tea himself . 
 she smiled uncertainly at him and minimized the browser window ; she was reading up on famous forgeries and techniques . 
 dead giveaway , with emphasis on dead . 
 not that she disliked oliver , but any guy who seemed to be able to enforce rules on the vampires was somebody she could n't trust real far . 
 `` hello , claire , '' he said . 
 `` may i sit ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said , surprised . 
 also , uncomfortable . 
 he was old enough to be her dad , not to mention kind of hippie-dippie . 
 though , being a fringer herself , she did n't mind that part so much . 
 `` um , how 's it going ? '' 
 `` busy today , '' he said , and settled into the chair with a sigh of what sounded like gratitude . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you about eve . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said slowly . 
 `` i 'm concerned about her , '' oliver said . 
 he leaned forward , elbows on the table ; she hastily closed the cover of the laptop and rested her hands protectively on top of it . 
 `` eve seems distracted . 
 that 's very dangerous , and i 'm quite sure that by now you understand why . '' 
 `` it 's - '' `` shane ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i thought that was probably the case . 
 the boy 's gotten himself into a great deal of trouble . 
 but he did it with a pure heart , i believe . '' 
 her pulse was hammering faster , and her mouth felt dry . 
 boy , she really did n't like talking to authority figures . 
 michael was one thing - michael was like a big brother . 
 but oliver was ... different . 
 `` i might be able to help , '' oliver said , `` if i had something to trade . 
 the problem is , what does brandon want that you , or shane , can give ? 
 other than the obvious . '' 
 oliver looked thoughtful , and tapped his lips with a fingertip . 
 `` you are a very bright girl , claire , or so eve tells me . 
 morganville can use bright girls . 
 we might be able to bypass brandon altogether , perhaps , and find a way to make a deal with someone ... else . '' 
 which was pretty much exactly what they 'd already talked about , only without the oliver part . 
 claire tried not to look horribly guilty and transparent . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asked . 
 it was a reasonable question . 
 oliver smiled , and his dark eyes looked sharp and cool . 
 `` claire . 
 do you really expect me to tell you ? 
 the more you know about this town , the less safety there is for you . 
 do you understand that ? 
 i 've had to create my own peace here , and it only works because i know exactly what i 'm doing , and how far i can go . 
 you - i 'm afraid your first mistake might be your last . '' 
 her mouth was n't dry anymore ; it was mummified . 
 she tried to swallow , but got nothing but a dry click at the back of her throat . 
 she hastily picked up her tea and sipped it , tasting nothing but glad of the moisture . 
 `` i was n't going to - '' `` do n't , '' he cut her off , and his voice was n't so kind this time . 
 `` why else would you be here today , when you know brandon is likely to show up any time after dark ? 
 you want to make a deal with him to save shane . 
 that much is obvious . '' 
 well , it was n't why she was here , but still , she tried to look guilty about that , too . 
 just in case . 
 it must have worked , because oliver sat back in his chair , looking more relaxed . 
 `` you 're clever , '' he said . 
 `` so is shane . 
 but do n't let it go to your heads . 
 let me help . '' 
 she nodded , not trusting her voice not to quiver or break or - worse - betray how relieved she was . 
 `` that 's settled , then , '' oliver said . 
 `` let me talk to brandon and a few others , and see what i can do to make this problem go away . '' 
 `` thanks , '' she said faintly . 
 oliver got up and left , looking like any skinny ex-hippie who had n't quite let go of the good old days . 
 inoffensive . 
 ineffective , maybe . 
 she could n't rely on adults . 
 not for this . 
 not in morganville . 
 she opened up the laptop , maximized the browser window , and went back to work . 
 like always , time slipped away ; when she looked up next , it was night outside the windows , and the crowd in the coffee shop had switched over from studious to chatty . 
 eve was busy at the bar , talking and smiling and generally being about as cheerful as a goth chick could be . 
 she went quiet , though , when brandon slouched in from the back room and took his accustomed seat at the table in the darkest corner . 
 oliver brought him some kind of drink - god , she hoped it was n't blood or anything ! 
 - and sat down to have some intense and quiet conversation . 
 claire tried to look like she was n't there . 
 she and eve exchanged a few glances between customers at the bar . 
 putting together the book , claire had learned during the long research marathon , was work for experts , not sixteen-year-old -lrb- nearly seventeen -rrb- wannabes . 
 she could put something together , but - to her vast disappointment - anybody with an eye for rare books could spot a fake pretty easily , unless it was expertly done . 
 she suspected that her leatherworking and bookbinding skills needed work . 
 all of which brought her back to square one , shane gets bitten . 
 not acceptable . 
 a line in one of the dozens of windows she 'd opened caught her eye . 
 nearly anything can be created for the movies , including reproductions of ancient books , because the reproduction only has to fool one of the senses : vision ... she did n't have time - or cash - to get some hollywood prop house to make a book for her , but it gave her an idea . 
 a really good idea . 
 or a really bad one , if it did n't work . 
 nearly anything can be created for the movies . 
 she did n't need the book . 
 she just needed a picture . 
 by the time midnight rolled around - and common grounds ushered the last caffeine addict out into the night - claire was reasonably sure she could pull it off , and she was too tired to care if she could n't . 
 she packed up the laptop and leaned her head on her hand , watching while eve cleaned up cups and glasses , loaded the dishwasher , chatted with oliver , and deliberately ignored the dark shadow sitting in the corner . 
 brandon had n't taken off after his walking snacks . 
 instead , he kept sitting there , nursing a fresh cup of whatever it was he was drinking , smiling that cruel , weird little smile at eve , then claire , then eve . 
 oliver , drying ceramic cups , had been watching the watcher . 
 `` brandon , '' he said , and tossed the towel across his shoulder as he began slotting cups into their pull racks . 
 `` closing time . '' 
 `` you did n't even call last round , old man , '' brandon said , and turned that smile on oliver . 
 where it died , fast . 
 after a moment of silence , brandon stood up to stalk away . 
 `` wait , '' oliver said , very quietly . 
 `` cup . '' 
 brandon looked at him in utter disbelief , then picked up the cup - disposable paper - and dumped it in the trash can . 
 first time he 'd bused his own table in a few dozen years , claire guessed . 
 if ever . 
 she hid a nervous grin , because he did n't seem like the kind of guy - much less vamp - who 'd appreciate her sense of humor . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 brandon asked acidly . 
 not as if he actually cared . 
 `` actually , yes . 
 if you would n't mind , i 'd like the ladies to leave first . '' 
 even in the shadows , claire saw the gleam of sharp teeth when brandon silently opened his mouth - flashing his fangs . 
 showing off . 
 oliver did n't seem impressed . 
 `` if you would n't mind , '' he repeated . 
 brandon shrugged and leaned against the wall , arms folded . 
 he was wearing a black leather jacket that drank in light , a black knit shirt , dark jeans . 
 dressed to kill , claire thought , and wished she had n't . 
 `` i 'll wait , '' he said . 
 `` but they do n't need to worry about me , old man . 
 the boy made a deal . 
 i 'll stick to it . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm worried about , '' oliver said . 
 `` eve , claire , get home safe . 
 go . '' 
 eve slammed the door on the dishwasher and turned it on ; she grabbed her purse from behind the counter and ducked out to take claire 's hand and pull her toward the door . 
 she flipped the front sign from open to closed and unlocked the door to let claire out . 
 she locked it back behind them with a set of keys , then hustled claire quickly to the car , which sat in the warm glow of the streetlight . 
 the street looked deserted ; wind whipped trash and dust into clattering ghosts , and the blinking red stoplights danced and swayed along . 
 eve unlocked the car in record time , and both of them slammed down the locks once they were inside . 
 eve started up the caddy and motored away from the curb ; only then did she sigh a little in relief . 
 and then she gasped , because another car turned the corner and whipped past them in a black blur , stopping at the curb where they 'd been parked . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 eve blurted , and slowed down . 
 claire turned to look back . 
 `` it 's a limo , '' she said . 
 she did n't even think morganville had a limo , but then she thought about funeral homes and funerals , and got chills . 
 for all she knew , maybe morganville had more limos than any city in texas ... this one was n't part of a procession , though . 
 it was big and black and gleamed like the finish on a cockroach , and as the caddy inched along , claire saw a uniformed driver get out and walk around to the back . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 `` can you see ? '' 
 the driver handed out a woman . 
 small - not much taller than claire herself , she guessed . 
 pale , with hair that glowed white or blond in the streetlights . 
 they were too far for claire to get a really good look , but she thought the woman looked ... sad . 
 sad , and cold . 
 `` she 's not very tall - white hair ? 
 and kind of elegant ? '' 
 eve shrugged . 
 `` nobody i 've met , but most of the vamps do n't mingle with the little people . 
 kind of like the hiltons do n't shop at wal-mart . '' 
 claire snorted . 
 as eve turned the corner , she saw the woman standing in front of the door of common grounds , and saw oliver opening it for her . 
 no sign of brandon . 
 she wondered if oliver had already sent him out , or if he was making the vamp give them a head start . 
 `` how does oliver do this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean , why do n't they just ... ? '' 
 `` kill him ? 
 i wish i knew . 
 he 's got balls of platinum , for one thing , '' eve said . 
 passing streetlights strobed across her face . 
 `` you saw how he did brandon back there ? 
 dissing him ? 
 unbelievable . 
 anybody else would be dead by dawn . 
 oliver ... just gets away with it . '' 
 which made claire even more curious about the why . 
 or at least the how . 
 if oliver could get away with it , maybe other people could , too . 
 then again , maybe other people had already tried , and ended up as organ donors . 
 claire turned back face forward , lost in thought , as eve sped through the silent , watching streets for home . 
 a police car prowled a side street , but somehow in morganville she thought they were n't looking so much for criminals as potential victims . 
 at first , she thought she was so tired she was imagining things - that happened when you did n't sleep ; you saw ghosts in mirrors and spooky faces at the window - but then she saw something moving fast through the glow of a streetlight . 
 something pale . 
 `` they 're following , '' eve said grimly . 
 `` damn . '' 
 `` brandon ? '' 
 claire tried to scan the sides of the street , but eve pressed the gas and went faster . 
 `` not brandon . 
 then again , he does n't have to get his fangs dirty personally - '' fifty feet ahead , someone stepped in front of the car . 
 claire and eve screamed , and eve stamped on the brakes . 
 claire pitched forward against the seat belt , which snapped tight and grabbed so hard she just knew she was going to pass out from pain as the acid burn on her back rubbed against the seat . 
 but the pain flashed away , buried by fear , because the car was fishtailing to a stop on the dark street , and there was a vampire standing there , resting its hands on the hood . 
 grinning with way , way too many teeth . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 eve yelled . 
 `` do n't look at him ! 
 do n't look ! '' 
 too late . 
 claire had , and she felt something going soft in her head . 
 the fear went away . 
 so did all her good sense . 
 she reached for the lock on the door , but eve lunged across and grabbed her arm . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed , and held on as she slammed the car into reverse and burned rubber backward . 
 she did n't get far . 
 another vampire stepped out , blocking the street . 
 this one was tall , ugly , and old . 
 same number of gleaming teeth . 
 `` oh , god ... '' claire kept fumbling for the lock on the door . 
 eve muttered something that would have definitely gotten claire grounded at home , hit the brakes again , and said , `` claire , honey , this is going to hurt , '' and then she pushed claire forward and slapped her on the burn . 
 hard . 
 claire screeched loud enough to deafen dogs three counties away , nearly fainted , and quit trying to get out of the car . 
 even the two vampires outside the car - who were all of a sudden right there at the doors - flinched and stepped back . 
 eve gunned the engine . 
 claire , half fainting from the red-hot throbbing agony in her back , heard noise like iron nails on a chalkboard , but then it stopped and they were moving , driving , flying through the night . 
 `` claire ? 
 claire ? '' 
 eve was shaking her by the other shoulder , the one that did n't feel like she 'd taken another acid bath . 
 `` oh , god , i 'm sorry ! 
 it was just - he was going to get you to open the door , and i could n't - i 'm sorry ! '' 
 panic was still a hot wire through her nerves , but claire managed a nod and a weak , sick smile . 
 she understood . 
 she 'd always wondered how in the hell anybody could be stupid enough to open up a door to the scary bad thing in the movies , but now she knew . 
 she absolutely knew . 
 sometimes , you just did n't have a choice . 
 eve was gasping for breath and crying furiously in between . 
 `` i hate this , '' she said , and slammed her hand into the hard plastic steering wheel , over and over . 
 `` i hate this town ! 
 i hate them ! '' 
 shane was in the doorway , ready for action , when eve screeched the car to a stop ; if he was still mad , at least he was n't letting it get in the way of a good fight . 
 eve frantically signaled for him to stay where he was , on safe ground , and checked the street on all sides . 
 `` do you see anything ? '' 
 she asked claire anxiously . 
 claire shook her head , still sick . 
 `` damn . 
 damn ! 
 okay ... but you know the drill , right ? 
 asses and elbows . 
 bail ! '' 
 claire fumbled open the lock , bolted out of the car , and hit the sidewalk running . 
 she heard eve 's door slam and running footsteps . 
 dej vu , she thought . 
 now all they needed was for brandon to show up and act like a total asshole ... she nearly ran into shane as she pelted across the threshold ; he stepped out of the way in time , just far enough to let her pass , and grabbed eve to pull her inside as he slammed the door and locked it . 
 `` you have got to get a better job , '' he said . 
 eve wiped at her ruined makeup with the back of one hand and threw him a filthy look . 
 `` at least i have a job ! '' 
 `` what , professional blood donor ? 
 because that 's all you 're going to be if you - '' claire turned , ran into a vampire , and screamed her lungs out . 
 okay , so she was n't a vampire . 
 that was established in about thirty more seconds by a combination of shane doubling over with laughter , the vampire screaming in fright and cowering , and - last of all - eve saying , in blank surprise , `` miranda ! 
 honey , what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 the vamp - she looked like a vamp , claire amended , but now that her heart rate was going down below race-car speeds she saw that it was makeup and drama , not nature - slowly lowered her arms , peered at claire uncertainly through thick black mascaraed eyelashes , and made a little o with her ruby red lips . 
 `` i had to come , '' she said . 
 she had a breathy , floaty voice , full of drama . 
 `` oh , eve ! 
 i had such a terrible vision ! 
 there was blood and death , and it was all about you ! '' 
 eve did n't seem impressed . 
 she sighed , turned to shane , and said , `` you let her in ? 
 i thought you hated her ! '' 
 `` could n't leave her out there , could i ? 
 i mean , she 's got a pulse . 
 besides , she 's your friend . '' 
 from the look eve gave him , friend might have been stretching things . 
 miranda gave shane a loopy smile . 
 great , claire thought , annoyed and disgusted and still trying to contain the aftermath of a nuclear terror explosion . 
 the girl was tall and most of her was thin , storklike legs revealed by a black leather miniskirt . 
 she had lots of makeup , the standard dyed-black hair , shag cut around a long white face . 
 ragged magic marker crosses drawn on her wrists and around her neck . 
 miranda suddenly swung around and looked up at the ceiling . 
 she raised her hands to her mouth in dread , but , claire noticed , did n't smudge her lipstick . 
 `` this house , '' she said . 
 `` oh my . 
 it 's so ... strange . 
 do n't you feel it ? '' 
 `` mir , if you wanted to warn me about something , you could have called , '' eve said , and steered her into the living room . 
 `` now we 've got to figure out how to get you home . 
 honestly , do n't you have any sense ? 
 you know better than this ! '' 
 as miranda sat down on the couch , claire caught sight of something else on her neck ... bruises . 
 and in the center of the bruises , two raw , red holes . 
 eve saw it , too , and blinked , looked at shane , and then at claire . 
 `` mir ? '' 
 she asked gently , and turned the girl 's chin to one side . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' miranda said . 
 `` everything . 
 you 've really got to try it . 
 it 's everything i dreamed it would be , and for a second i could see , i could really see - '' eve let go of her like she 'd caught on fire . 
 `` you let somebody bite you ? '' 
 `` just charles , '' miranda said . 
 `` he loves me . 
 but eve , you have to listen - this is serious ! 
 i tried to call , but i could n't get anyone , and i had this terrible dream - '' `` thought you said it was a vision , '' shane said . 
 he 'd followed claire into the room and was standing near her , arms folded . 
 she felt a little bit of the tight knot of anger and tension unravel at his closeness , even if he was n't looking at her . 
 yeah , claire , way to go . 
 he treats you like the furniture . 
 maybe you need some hooker lipstick and kleenex in your bra , too . 
 `` do n't , shane , she 's been through hell - '' eve evidently remembered , too late , that whatever miranda had been through , it waited for shane , too , unless they could somehow negate his deal with brandon . 
 `` um , right . 
 vision . 
 what did you see , mir ? '' 
 `` death . '' 
 miranda said it with hushed relish , leaning forward and rocking gently back and forth . 
 `` oh , he fought , he did n't want it , did n't want the gift , but ... and there was blood . 
 lots of blood . 
 and he died ... right ... here . '' 
 she put out a hand and pointed to a spot on the floor covered by a throw rug . 
 claire realized , with a sinking sense of horror , that she was probably talking about michael . 
 `` is it - is it shane ? 
 are you seeing shane 's future ? '' 
 eve asked . 
 she sounded spooked , but then , they 'd had a spooky night all around . 
 and worrying about shane made sense . 
 `` she ca n't see the future , '' shane said flatly . 
 `` she makes crap up . 
 right , mir ? '' 
 miranda did n't answer . 
 she craned her neck up and looked at the ceiling again . 
 claire realized , with a strange creepy sensation , that she was looking exactly at where the secret room would be . 
 did miranda know ? 
 how ? 
 `` this house , '' she said again . 
 `` this house is so strange . 
 it does n't make sense , you know . '' 
 there was a creak on the stairs , and claire looked over to see michael padding down to join them , barefoot as usual . 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` it 's not the only one . 
 eve , what the hell is she doing here ? '' 
 `` do n't ask me ! 
 shane let her in ! '' 
 `` hello , michael , '' miranda said absently . 
 she was still staring at the ceiling . 
 `` this one 's new . '' 
 she waved at claire . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's claire . '' 
 he had n't exactly come bounding to the rescue when claire had screamed , and she wondered why . 
 maybe he 'd been trying to stay away from miranda ; she understood why he 'd want to . 
 talk about freaky weird ... even eve seemed not quite sure what to do with her . 
 she realized he had n't heard miranda 's eerie description of his death . 
 maybe that was for the best . 
 `` claire , '' miranda whispered , and suddenly looked directly at her . 
 she had pale blue eyes , really strange . 
 they seemed to look right through her . 
 `` no , it 's not her , not her . 
 something else . 
 something strange in this house . 
 something not right . 
 i need to read the cards . '' 
 `` the hell ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 miranda grabbed eve 's hand and jumped up , and practically dragged her to the stairs . 
 `` okay , now this is just too much . 
 eve ? '' 
 `` um ... right , it 's okay ! '' 
 eve called back , as miranda practically yanked her arm out of its socket . 
 `` she just wants to do some tarot or something . 
 it 's okay ! 
 i 'll bring her back down ! 
 just a sec ! '' 
 shane , michael , and claire just looked at one another for a few seconds , and then shane made a loopy gesture at his temple and whistled . 
 michael nodded . 
 `` she did n't use to be that bad , '' he said . 
 `` i guess it 's this charles guy she was talking about , '' shane said grimly . 
 `` should have known that if anybody would hook up with a bloodsucker for troo wuv '' - shane made it sound ridiculous - `` it 'd be some ditz like miranda . 
 i should have made her walk home . 
 she 'd probably get off on another bite . '' 
 `` she 's a kid , shane , '' michael said . 
 `` but the sooner we get her out of here , the better i 'll feel . 
 she gets eve a little - nervous . '' 
 eve ? 
 but eve did n't really believe all that crap , did she ? 
 claire had become convinced that it was just costuming , that underneath , eve was just a normal girl after all , all the goth stuff just posturing . 
 but did she really believe in visions and crystals and tarot cards ? 
 magic was just science misunderstood , she reminded herself . 
 or , on the other hand , just crazy talk . 
 the two boys looked at claire . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` oh , by the way , i 'm fine , thanks for asking . 
 got chased by some vampires . 
 business as usual . '' 
 `` told you not to go , '' shane said , and shrugged . 
 `` so , who 's going to get miranda to leave ? '' 
 they kept looking at her , and claire finally understood that somehow , it had become her job . 
 probably because she was new , and did n't know miranda , and she was a girl . 
 michael was too polite to ask her to go . 
 shane - she could n't tell what shane felt about miranda , except that he wanted her the hell out of the house . 
 `` fine , '' claire said . 
 `` i 'll go . '' 
 `` that girl 's smart , '' shane said without smiling , to michael , as she started up the steps . 
 `` yep , '' michael agreed . 
 `` i like that about her . '' 
 the bedroom doors were all closed except for eve 's , which was casting a flickering light out onto the polished wood floor . 
 claire smelled the bright flare of matches . 
 they were lighting candles . 
 oh , she really did n't want to do this . 
 maybe if she just kept walking , went to her room , and locked the door ... ? 
 she took a deep breath and looked around the doorway with a smile that felt totally forced . 
 eve was lighting the candles - and boy , she had a lot of them , sitting basically everywhere . 
 big tall black ones , purple ones , blue ones . 
 nothing in the pastel family . 
 her bed was black satin , and there was a pirate flag - skull and crossbones - hanging above it like a billowing headboard . 
 little christmas lights strung everywhere - no , not christmas lights after all . 
 halloween pumpkins and ghosts and skulls . 
 cheery and strange . 
 `` hey , '' eve said , not looking up from the black pillar candle she was lighting . 
 `` come on in , claire . 
 i guess you have n't really met miranda exactly . '' 
 not unless screaming and fleeing counted . 
 `` hi , '' she said awkwardly . 
 she did n't know what to do with her hands . 
 miranda did n't seem to notice or care , and her hands were up and in the air , petting some invisible cat or something . 
 weird . 
 the longer that claire was around the girl , the younger she looked - younger than eve , for sure . 
 maybe even younger than claire herself . 
 maybe it was all make-believe for her ... except the bite . 
 that was deadly serious stuff . 
 `` um ... eve ? 
 can i talk to you for a sec ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 eve nodded , opened a black-painted dresser , and took out a black lacquer box . 
 when opened , it had a bloodred interior . 
 there was a black silk package inside , which , as eve unwrapped it , proved to be a deck of cards . 
 tarot cards . 
 eve held them between her two palms for a few seconds , then cut the deck several times and handed it to miranda . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' she said , and went out into the hall with claire , closing the door behind her . 
 before claire could say anything , eve held up her hand . 
 she would n't meet claire 's eyes . 
 `` the guys sent you up ? '' 
 at claire 's nod , she muttered , `` pansies , both of them . 
 fine . 
 they want her out , right ? '' 
 `` um ... yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 claire rocked uncomfortably back and forth . 
 `` she is a little ... weird . '' 
 `` miranda 's - yeah , she 's weird . 
 but she 's also kind of gifted , '' eve said . 
 `` she sees things . 
 knows things . 
 shane ought to get that . 
 she told him about the fire before - '' eve shook her head . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 if she came all the way over here in the dark , something 's wrong . 
 i should try to find out what . '' 
 `` well ... ca n't you just , you know , ask her ? '' 
 `` miranda 's a psychic , '' she said . 
 `` it 's not that simple - she ca n't just blurt it out . 
 you have to work with her . '' 
 `` but - she ca n't really see the future , right ? 
 you do n't believe that ? '' 
 because if you do , claire thought , you 're crazier than i thought you were when i first met you . 
 eve finally met her eyes . 
 angry . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i do believe that , and for a smart kid you 're pretty dumb if you do n't understand that science is n't perfect . 
 things happen . 
 things that physics and math and crap that gets measured in a lab ca n't explain . 
 people are n't just laws and rules , claire . 
 they 're ... sparks . 
 sparks of something beautiful and huge . 
 and some of the sparks glow brighter , like miranda . '' 
 eve looked away again , obviously uncomfortable now . 
 but not half as uncomfortable as claire felt , because this was ... wow . 
 space cadet city . 
 `` you guys just leave us alone for a little while . 
 it 'll be fine . '' 
 she went back into the room and shut the door . 
 it was n't quite a slam . 
 claire swallowed hard , feeling hot all over and wishing she had n't let the boys push her into that , and slowly went back down the stairs . 
 michael and shane were sitting on the couch and playing a video game with open beers on the table in front of them . 
 elbowing each other as their on-screen cars raced around turns . 
 `` not exactly legal , '' she said , and sat down on the steps . 
 `` the beer . 
 nobody here 's twenty-one . '' 
 michael and shane clicked bottles . 
 honestly , it was juvenile . 
 `` here 's to crime , '' shane said , and tipped his up . 
 `` hey , it was a birthday present . 
 two six-packs . 
 we 're only one down , so give us a break . 
 morganville 's got the highest alcoholics per capita of any place in the world , i 'll bet . '' 
 michael put the game on pause . 
 `` is she leaving yet ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` if she starts trying to tell me i 'm going to meet a tall dark stranger , i 'm leaving , '' shane said . 
 `` i mean , the kid 's a head case , and i do n't want to be mean , but jeez . 
 she really believes this stuff . 
 and she 's got eve half-convinced , too . '' 
 there was no half about it , but claire was n't going to say that . 
 she just sat there , trying not to think too hard about anything ... about her plans to get shane free of his agreement , which had seemed really good back in the coffee shop and not so solid now . 
 about the dull-knife scrape of pain in her back . 
 about the desperation in eve 's eyes . 
 eve was scared . 
 and claire did n't know how to help that , because she was scared half to death herself . 
 `` she was looking at the secret room , '' claire said . 
 `` when she was standing down here . 
 she was staring right at it . '' 
 michael and shane looked at her . 
 two sets of eyes , both guilty and startled . 
 and one by one , they shrugged and went for the beer . 
 `` coincidence , '' michael said . 
 `` total coincidence , '' shane agreed . 
 `` eve said that miranda had some kind of vision about you , shane , when - '' `` not that again ! 
 look , she said she had a vision of the house on fire , but she did n't say that until later , and even if she did , fat lot of good it did . '' 
 shane 's jaw was tight . 
 a muscle fluttered in it . 
 he punched a button to release the game from pause , and road noise poured out of the television speakers , closing out any chance of conversation on the subject . 
 claire sighed . 
 `` i 'm going to bed . '' 
 but she did n't . 
 she was tired , and aching , and jittery ... but her brain was way too busy picking over things . 
 she finally nudged shane over on the couch and sat next to him as he and michael played , and played , and played ... `` claire . 
 wake up . '' 
 she blinked and realized that her head was on shane 's shoulder , and michael was nowhere to be seen . 
 her first thought was , oh my god , am i drooling ? 
 her second was that she had n't realized she was so close to him , snuggled in . 
 her third was that although michael 's part of the couch was empty , shane had n't moved away . 
 and he was watching her with warm , friendly eyes . 
 oh . 
 oh , wow , that was nice . 
 embarrassment flooded in a second later and made her pull away . 
 shane cleared his throat and scooted over . 
 `` you should probably get some sleep , '' he said . 
 `` you 're beat . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` three a.m. michael 's making a snack . 
 you want anything ? '' 
 `` um ... no . 
 thanks . '' 
 she slid off the couch and then stood there like an idiot , unwilling to leave because he was still smiling and ... she liked it . 
 `` who won ? '' 
 `` which game ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 i guess i was asleep for a while . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we did n't let the zombies get you . '' 
 this time , his smile was positively wicked . 
 claire felt it like a hot blanket all over her skin . 
 `` if you want to stay up , you can help me kick his ass . '' 
 there were not one but three empty beer bottles on the table in front of shane . 
 and three where michael had been , too . 
 no wonder shane was still smiling at her , looking so friendly . 
 `` that depends , '' she said . 
 `` can i have a beer ? '' 
 `` hell no . '' 
 `` because i 'm sixteen ? 
 come on , shane . '' 
 `` drinking kills brain cells , dumbass . 
 and besides . 
 if i give you one , that 's one less for me . '' 
 shane tapped his forehead . 
 `` i can do the math . '' 
 she needed a beer , to stay down here next to him , because she was afraid she was going to do or say something stupid , and at least if there was alcohol involved , it would n't be her fault , would it ? 
 but just as she opened her mouth to try to convince him , michael came out of the kitchen with a bag of neon-colored cheese puffs . 
 shane grabbed a handful and stuffed his mouth . 
 `` claire wants a beer , '' he mumbled through orange goo . 
 `` claire needs to go to bed , '' michael said , and flopped down . 
 `` scoot over , man . 
 i do n't like you that much . '' 
 `` dick . 
 that 's not what you said last night . '' 
 `` bite me . '' 
 `` i want another beer . '' 
 `` you 're cut off . 
 it was my birthday present , not yours . '' 
 `` oh , that 's low . 
 you really are a dick , and just for that , i 'm totally thrashing you . '' 
 `` promises , promises . '' 
 michael glanced at claire . 
 `` you 're still here . 
 no beer . 
 i 'm not corrupting a minor . '' 
 `` but you 're a minor , '' she pointed out . 
 `` at least for beer . '' 
 `` yeah , and by the way ? 
 how much does it suck that i 'm an adult if i kill somebody , and not if i want a beer ? '' 
 shane jumped in . 
 `` they 're all dicks . '' 
 `` man , seriously , you are one cheap drunk . 
 three beers ? 
 my junior high girlfriend could hold her liquor better . '' 
 `` your junior high girlfriend - '' shane brought himself up short without finishing that sentence , and flushed bright red . 
 must have been good , whatever it was . 
 `` claire , get the hell out of here . 
 you 're making me nervous . '' 
 `` dick ! '' 
 she flung at him , and went up the stairs before he could nail her with the pillow he grabbed . 
 it plunked into the wall behind her and slithered down to the bottom of the stairs . 
 she was laughing , but she stopped when a shadow suddenly blocked access to the hallway at the top . 
 eve . 
 and miranda , looking weirder than ever . 
 `` miranda 's leaving ! '' 
 claire called down . 
 which was n't such a great idea , because eve looked upset , and shane was drunk , and letting some vampire-crazy maybe-psychic kid walk home by herself was ... bad , at best . 
 `` miranda 's not leaving , '' eve said , and clunked down the stairs , with miranda drifting like a black-and-white ghost behind her . 
 `` miranda 's going to do aseance . '' 
 eve was so intense about it that not even shane , three beers down , was able to exactly say no . 
 michael did n't say anything , just watched miranda with eyes that were way too clear for somebody who 'd had the same amount to drink as shane . 
 as eve cleared stuff off the dining room table and set up a single black candle in the center , claire wrung her hands nervously , trying to get michael 's attention . 
 when she did , she mouthed , what do we do ? 
 he shrugged . 
 nothing , she guessed . 
 well , nobody but eve believed in it , anyway . 
 she supposed it could n't really hurt . 
 `` okay , '' eve said , and sat miranda down in a chair at the end . 
 `` shane , michael , claire - sit down . '' 
 `` this is bullshit , '' shane said . 
 `` just - please . 
 just do it , okay ? '' 
 eve looked stressed . 
 scared . 
 whatever she and miranda had been doing upstairs with those tarot cards had really made her nervous . 
 `` just do it for me . '' 
 michael slid into the chair at the other end , as far from miranda as he could get . 
 claire sat next to him , and shane grabbed a seat on the other side , leaving eve and claire the closest to miranda , who was shaking like she was about to have a fit . 
 `` hold hands , '' eve said , and grabbed miranda 's left , then shane 's right . 
 she glared at claire until claire followed suit , taking miranda 's other hand and michael 's . 
 that left shane and michael , who looked at each other and shrugged . 
 `` whatever , '' michael said , and took shane 's hand . 
 `` oh , god , guys , homophobic much ? 
 this is n't about you being manly men , it 's about - '' `` he 's dead ! 
 i see him ! '' 
 claire flinched as miranda practically screamed it out . 
 all around the table , they froze . 
 even shane . 
 and then fought the insane urge to giggle - well , claire did , and she could see shane 's shoulders shaking . 
 eve bit her lip , but there were tears in her eyes . 
 `` somebody died in this house ! 
 i see him . 
 i see his body lying on the floor ... , '' miranda moaned , and thrashed around in her chair , twisting and turning . 
 `` it 's not over . 
 it 's never over . 
 this house - this house wo n't let it be over . '' 
 claire , unable to stop herself , looked at michael , who was staring at miranda with cold , slitted eyes . 
 his hand was gripping claire 's tightly . 
 when she started to say something , he squeezed it even more . 
 right . 
 shutting up , she was . 
 miranda was n't . 
 `` there 's a ghost in this house ! 
 an unquiet spirit ! '' 
 `` unquiet spirit ? '' 
 shane said under his breath . 
 `` is that politically correct for pissed off ? 
 you know , like undead american or something ? '' 
 miranda opened her eyes and frowned at him . 
 `` somebody already died , '' she proclaimed . 
 `` right here . 
 right in this room . 
 his spirit haunts this place , and it 's strong . '' 
 they all just looked at one another . 
 michael and claire avoided more eye contact , but claire felt her breath get short and her heart race faster . 
 she was talking about michael ! 
 she knew ! 
 how was that even possible ? 
 `` is it dangerous ? '' 
 eve asked breathlessly . 
 claire nearly choked . 
 `` i - i ca n't tell . 
 it 's murky . '' 
 shane said , `` right . 
 dead man walking , ca n't tell if he 's dangerous because , wow , murky . 
 anything else ? '' 
 and again , claire had to choke back a hysterical giggle . 
 there was a bitter , unpleasant twist to miranda 's face now . 
 `` fire , '' she said . 
 `` i see fire . 
 i see someone screaming in the fire . '' 
 shane yanked his hands away from eve and michael , slammed his chair back , and said , `` okay , that 's it . 
 i 'm outta here . 
 feel free to get your psychic jollies somewhere else . '' 
 `` no , wait ! '' 
 eve said , and grabbed for him . 
 `` shane , wait , she saw it in the cards , too - '' he pulled free . 
 `` she sees whatever you want ! 
 and she gets off on the attention , in case you did n't notice ! 
 and she 's a fang banger ! '' 
 `` shane , please ! 
 at least listen ! '' 
 `` i 've heard enough . 
 let me know when you want to move on to table rapping or ouija boards - those are a lot more fun . 
 we could get some ten-year-olds to show us the ropes . '' 
 `` shane , wait ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` bed , '' he said , and went up the stairs . 
 `` night . '' 
 claire was still holding michael 's hand , and miranda 's . 
 she let go of both , pushed her chair back , and went up after him . 
 she heard his door slam before she made it to the top , and raced down the hall to bang her fist on the wood . 
 there was no answer , no sound of movement inside . 
 then she noticed that the picture on the wall hallway was crooked , and moved it to stare at the button underneath . 
 would he ? 
 of course he would . 
 she hesitated for a second , then pressed it . 
 the panel across the hallway clicked open , letting out a breath of cold air , and she quickly slipped inside , latched it back , and went up the stairs . 
 shane was lying on the couch , feet on the curved polished-wood armrest , one arm flung over his eyes . 
 `` go away , '' he said . 
 claire eased herself down on the couch next to him , because his voice did n't sound , well , right . 
 it was quiet and a little bit choked . 
 his hand was shaking . 
 `` i mean it , claire , go . '' 
 `` the first time you met me , i was crying , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't have to be ashamed . '' 
 `` i 'm not crying , '' he said , and moved his arm . 
 he was n't . 
 his eyes were hot and dry and furious . 
 `` i ca n't stand that she pretends to know . 
 she was lyssa 's friend . 
 if she knew , if she really knew , she should have tried harder . '' 
 claire bit her lip . 
 `` do you mean she - ? '' 
 she could n't even say it . 
 do you mean she tried to tell you ? 
 and he could n't admit it if she had . 
 if he admitted that much ... maybe his sister did n't have to be dead . 
 no , claire could n't say that . 
 and he could n't hear it . 
 instead , she just reached out and took his hand . 
 he looked down at their clasped fingers , sighed , and closed his eyes . 
 `` i 'm drunk and i 'm pissed off , '' he said . 
 `` not the best company right now . 
 man , your parents would kill us all if they knew about any of this . '' 
 she did n't say anything , because that was absolutely true . 
 and something she did n't want to think about . 
 she just wanted to sit here , in this silent room where time had frozen still , and be with him . 
 `` claire ? '' 
 his voice was quieter . 
 a little smeared with sleep . 
 `` do n't do that again . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` go out like you did tonight . 
 not at night . '' 
 `` i wo n't if you wo n't . '' 
 he smiled , but did n't open his eyes . 
 `` no dates ? 
 what is this , the big brother house ? 
 anyway , i did n't come back to morganville to hide . '' 
 she was instantly curious . 
 `` why did you come back ? '' 
 `` michael . 
 i told you . 
 he called , i came . 
 it 's what he 'd do for me . '' 
 shane 's smile faded . 
 he was probably remembering michael not answering the phone , not coming to the hospital . 
 not having his back . 
 `` it 's more than that , '' she said . 
 `` or else you 'd have just taken off by now . '' 
 `` maybe , '' shane sighed . 
 `` leave it , claire . 
 you do n't have to dig into every secret around here , okay ? 
 it 's not safe . '' 
 she thought about michael . 
 about the way he 'd looked at miranda across the seance table . 
 `` no , '' she agreed . 
 `` it 's not . '' 
 they talked for hours , about pretty much nothing - certainly not about vampires , or sisters dying in fires , or miranda 's visions , obviously . 
 shane delved into what claire had always thought were the boy classics : debates about whether superman could take batman -lrb- `` classic batman or badass batman ? '' -rrb- 
 , movies they liked , movies they hated . 
 claire tried him on books . 
 he was light on the classics , but who was n't ? 
 -lrb- she was n't , but she was a freak of nature . -rrb- 
 he liked scary stories . 
 they had that in common , too . 
 time just did n't seem to pass at all in that little room . 
 the talk seemed to keep going , spinning out of them on its own , gradually getting slower as the minutes and hours slipped away . 
 she got cold and sleepy , and dragged an afghan off the arm of a nearby chair , spread it around her shoulders , and promptly dropped off to sleep sitting on the floor with her back against the settee , where shane was lying . 
 she woke up with a start when the settee creaked , and she realized that shane was getting up . 
 he blinked , yawned , rubbed at his hair -lrb- which did very funny things when he did -rrb- and checked his watch . 
 `` oh , god , it 's early , '' he groaned . 
 `` hell . 
 well , at least i can grab the bathroom first . '' 
 claire jumped to her feet . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` nine , '' he said , and yawned again . 
 she reached over him , pushed the hidden button , dashed past him to the door , barely remembering to shed the afghan on the way . 
 `` hey ! 
 dibs on the bathroom ! 
 i mean it ! '' 
 she was n't worried about the bathroom so much as being caught . 
 after all , she 'd spent the entire night with a boy . 
 a boy who 'd been drinking . 
 most of that was against the house rules , she figured , and michael would have freaked out if he 'd known . 
 maybe ... maybe michael was too distracted from what miranda had been spilling to worry about it , though , because she had to admit , miranda had known exactly what she was talking about . 
 just not by name , really . 
 well , michael was back to incorporeal in the light of day , so at least she did n't have to worry about running into him ... but she did need to decide what to do about school . 
 this was already the worst academic week of her life , and she had the feeling it was n't going to get any better unless she acted quickly . 
 shane had made a deal with the devil ; it only made sense to take advantage of it , until she could find a way to cancel it . 
 monica and her girls would n't be after her - not in a lethal way . 
 so there was no reason not to get her butt in the library . 
 she grabbed her clothes and jumped in the bathroom just as shane , still yawning , stumbled out of the hidden room . 
 `` but i called dibs ! '' 
 he said , and knocked on the door . 
 `` dibs ! 
 damn girls do n't understand the rules ... '' `` sorry , but i need to get ready ! '' 
 she cranked up the shower and skinned out of her old clothes in record time . 
 the jeans really needed washing , and she was down to her last clean pair of underwear , too . 
 claire was in and out of the shower fast , trusting that the waterproof bandage they 'd put on her back would hold -lrb- it did -rrb- . 
 in under five minutes she was fluffing her wet hair and sliding past shane in a breathless rush to grab her backpack and stuff it with books . 
 `` where the hell are you going ? '' 
 he asked from the doorway . 
 he did n't sound sleepy now . 
 she zipped the bag shut , hefted it on the shoulder that was n't aching and complaining , and turned toward him without answering . 
 he was leaning on the doorframe , arms folded , head cocked . 
 `` oh , you 've got to be kidding . 
 what 've you got , some kind of death wish ? 
 you really want to get knocked down another flight of stairs or something ? '' 
 `` you made the deal . 
 they wo n't come after me . '' 
 `` do n't be dense . 
 leave that to the experts . 
 you really think they do n't have ways around it ? '' 
 she walked up to him , staring up into his face . 
 he looked enormously tall . 
 and he was big , and in her way . 
 and she did n't care . 
 `` you made a deal , '' she said , `` and i 'm going to the library . 
 please get out of the way . '' 
 `` please ? 
 damn , girl , you need to learn how to get mad or - '' she shoved him . 
 it was dumb , and he had the muscle to stay right where he was , but surprise was on her side , and she got him to stumble a couple of steps back . 
 she was already out the door and heading out , shoes in hand . 
 she was n't about to stop and give him another chance to keep her nice and safe . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he caught up , grabbed her arm , and spun her around . 
 `` i thought you said you would n't - '' `` at night , '' she said , and turned to go down the stairs . 
 he let go ... and she slipped . 
 for a scary second she was off-balance , teetering on the edge of the stairs , and then shane 's warm hands closed around her shoulders and pulled her back to balance . 
 he held her there for a few seconds . 
 she did n't turn around , because if she did , and he was right there , well , she did n't know ... she did n't know what would happen . 
 `` see you , '' she gulped , and went down the stairs as fast as she dared , on shaking legs . 
 the heat of the morning was like a toaster oven , only without any yummy food smells ; there were a couple of people out on the street . 
 one lady was pushing a baby stroller , and for a second , while claire was sitting down to put on her battered running shoes , she considered that with a kind of wonder . 
 having babies in a town like this . 
 what were people thinking ? 
 but she guessed they did it anywhere , no matter how horrible it was . 
 and there was a bracelet around the woman 's slender wrist . 
 the baby was safe , at least until it turned eighteen . 
 claire glanced down at her own bare wrist , shivered , and put it out of her mind as she set off for campus . 
 now that she was looking , just about every person she passed had something around his or her wrist - bracelets for the women , watchbands for the men . 
 she could n't tell what the symbols were . 
 she needed to find some kind of alphabet ; maybe somebody had done research and put it somewhere safe ... somewhere the vampires would n't look . 
 she 'd always felt safest at the library , anyway . 
 she went straight there , watching over her shoulder for monica , gina , jennifer , or anybody who looked remotely interested in her . 
 nobody did . 
 tpu 's library was huge . 
 and dusty . 
 even the librarians at the front looked like they might have picked up a cobweb or two since her last visit . 
 more proof - if she 'd needed it - that tpu was first , and only , a party school . 
 she checked the map for the shelves , and saw that the dewey decimal system reigned in morganville - which was weird , because she 'd thought all the universities were on the library of congress system . 
 she traced through the listings , looking for references , and found them in the basement . 
 great . 
 as she started to walk away , though , she cocked her head and looked at the list again . 
 there was something strange about it . 
 she could n't quite put her finger on it ... there was n't a fourth floor . 
 not on the list , anyway , and mr. dewey 's system jumped straight from the third floor to the fifth . 
 maybe it was offices , she thought . 
 or storage . 
 or shipping . 
 or ... coffins . 
 it was definitely weird , though . 
 she started to take the stairs down to the basement , then stopped and tilted her head back . 
 the stairs were old-school , with massive wooden railings , turning in precise l-shaped angles all the way up . 
 what the hell , she thought . 
 it was only a couple of flights of stairs . 
 she could always pretend she 'd gotten lost . 
 she could n't hear anything or anybody once she 'd left the first floor . 
 it was silent as - she hated to think it - the grave . 
 she tried to go quietly on the stairs , and quit gripping the banister when she realized that she was leaving sweaty , betraying handprints behind . 
 she passed the second-floor wooden door , and then the third . 
 nobody visible through the clear glass window . 
 the fourth floor did n't even have a door . 
 claire stopped , puzzled , and touched the wall . 
 nope , no door , no secrets she could see . 
 just a blank wall . 
 was it possible there was no fourth floor ? 
 she went up to the fifth floor , made her way through the silent , dusty stacks to the other set of stairs , and went down . 
 on this side , there was a door , but it was locked , and there were n't any windows . 
 definitely not offices , she guessed . 
 but coffins were n't out of the question . 
 dammit , she resented being scared in a library ! 
 books were n't supposed to be scary . 
 they were supposed to ... help . 
 if she were some kick-ass superhero chick , she 'd probably be able to pick the lock with a fingernail clipping or something . 
 unfortunately , she was n't a superhero , and she bit her fingernails . 
 no , she was n't a superhero , but she was something else . 
 she was ... resourceful . 
 standing there , staring at the lock , she began to smile . 
 `` applied science , '' she said , and ran down the stairs to the first floor . 
 she had a stop to make in chem lab . 
 her ta was in his office . 
 `` well , '' he said , `` if you really want to shatter a lock , you need something good , like liquid helium . 
 but liquid helium is n't all that portable . '' 
 `` what about freon ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` no , you ca n't get your hands on the stuff without a license . 
 what you can buy is a different formulation , does n't get as cold but it 's more environmentally friendly . 
 but it probably would n't do the job . '' 
 `` liquid nitrogen ? '' 
 `` same problem as helium . 
 too bulky . '' 
 claire sighed . 
 `` too bad . 
 it was a cool idea . '' 
 the ta smiled . 
 `` yes , it was . 
 you know , i have a portable liquid-nitrogen tank i keep for school demonstrations , but they 're hard to get . 
 pretty expensive . 
 not the kind of thing you 'd find lying around . 
 sorry . '' 
 he wandered off , intent on some postgrad experiment of his own , and he promptly forgot all about her . 
 she bit her lip , stared at his back for a while , and then slowly ... very slowly , moved back to the door that led to the supply room . 
 it was unlocked so that the ta could easily move in and out if he needed to . 
 red and yellow signs on it warned that she was going to get cancer , suffocate , or die other horrible deaths if she opened the door ... but she did it anyway . 
 it squeaked . 
 the ta had to have heard it , and she froze like a mouse in front of an oncoming bird . 
 guilty . 
 he did n't turn around . 
 in fact , he deliberately kept his back to her . 
 she let out a shaky breath , eased into the room , and looked around . 
 the place was neatly kept , all its chemicals labeled and stored with the safety information for each hanging below it . 
 he stored in alphabetical order . 
 she found the liquid nitrogen sign and saw a bulky , very obvious tank ... and a small one next to it , like a giant thermos , with a shoulder strap . 
 she grabbed it , then read the sign . 
 use protective gloves , the sign said . 
 the gloves were right there , too . 
 she shoved a pair in her backpack , slung the canister over her shoulder , and got the hell out of there . 
 the librarians did n't even give her a second look . 
 she waved and smiled and went into the stacks , all the way to the back stairs . 
 the door was just as she 'd left it . 
 she fumbled on the gloves , opened the top of the canister , and found that there was a kind of steel pipette that fit into a nozzle . 
 she made sure it was in place , then opened the valve , held her breath , and began pouring supercooled liquid into the lock . 
 she was n't sure how much to use - too much was better than not enough , she guessed - and kept pouring until the outside of the lock was completely frosted . 
 then she cranked the valve shut , and - reminding herself to keep the gloves on - yanked on the doorknob . 
 crack ! 
 it sounded like a gunshot . 
 she jumped , looked around , and realized the knob had moved in her hand . 
 she 'd opened the door . 
 nothing to do now but go inside ... but somehow , that did n't seem like such a great idea , now that she was actually able to do it . 
 because ... coffins . 
 or worse . 
 claire sucked in a steadying breath , opened the door , and carefully looked around the edge . 
 it looked like a storeroom . 
 files . 
 stacks of cartons and wooden crates . 
 no one in sight . 
 great , she thought . 
 maybe i did just break into the file room . 
 that would be disappointing . 
 still , she stuffed the gloves in her backpack , just in case . 
 the cartons looked new , but the contents - when she unwrapped the string tying one closed - appeared old . 
 crumbling books , badly preserved . 
 ancient letters and papers in languages she could n't read , some of which looked like ancestors of english . 
 she tried the next box . 
 more of the same . 
 the room was vast , and it was full of this kind of stuff . 
 the book , she thought . 
 they 're looking for the book . 
 every old book they find comes here and gets examined . 
 now that she looked , she saw that the crates had small red x marks on them - meaning they 'd been gone through ? 
 initials , too . 
 somebody was being held accountable . 
 which meant ... somebody was working here . 
 she had just enough time to form the thought when two people walked out of the maze of boxes ahead of her . 
 they were n't hurrying , and they were n't alarmed . 
 vampires . 
 she did n't know how she knew - they were n't exactly dressed for the part - but the way they moved , loose and sure , screamed predator to her fragile-prey brain . 
 `` well , '' said the short blond girl , `` we do n't get many visitors here . '' 
 except for the pallor of her face and the glitter in her eyes , she looked like a hundred other girls out on the quad . 
 she was wearing pink . 
 it seemed wrong for a vampire to be wearing pink . 
 `` did you take a wrong turn , honey ? '' 
 the man was taller , darker , and he looked really odd ... really dead . 
 it was because of his skin tone , she realized . 
 he was black . 
 being a vampire bleached him , not to white , but to the color of ashes . 
 he had on a tpu purple t-shirt , gray sweatpants , and running shoes . 
 if he 'd been human , she 'd have thought he was old - old enough to be a professor , at least . 
 they split up , coming at her from two different sides . 
 `` whose little one are you ? '' 
 purred the pink girl , and before claire could engage her brain to run , the girl had taken her left hand , examining her bare wrist . 
 then examining her right one . 
 `` oh , my , you really are lost , sweetie . 
 john , what should we do ? '' 
 `` well , '' john said , and put a friendly hand on claire 's shoulder . 
 it felt colder than the liquid-nitrogen bottle hanging across her back . 
 `` we could sit down and have a nice cup of coffee . 
 tell you all about what we do in here . 
 that 's what you want to know , right ? 
 children like you are just so darn curious . '' 
 he was steering her forward , and claire knew - just knew - that any attempt to pull free would result in pain . 
 probably broken bones . 
 pink girl still had hold of her other wrist , too . 
 her cool fingers were pressed against claire 's pulse point . 
 i need to get out of this . 
 fast . 
 `` i know what you do here , '' she said . 
 `` you 're looking for the book . 
 but i thought vampires could n't read it . '' 
 john stopped and looked at his companion , who raised pale eyebrows back at him . 
 `` angela ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we ca n't , '' she said . 
 `` we 're just here as ... observers . 
 and you seem very knowledgeable , for a free-range child . 
 under eighteen , are n't you ? 
 should n't you be under someone 's protection ? 
 your family 's ? '' 
 she seemed honestly concerned . 
 that was weird . 
 `` i 'm a student , '' claire said . 
 `` advanced placement . '' 
 `` ah , '' angela said , and looked kind of regretful . 
 `` well , then , i guess you 're on your own . 
 too bad , really . '' 
 `` because you 're going to kill me ? '' 
 claire heard herself say it in a kind of dreamlike state , and remembered what eve had told her . 
 do n't look in their eyes . 
 too late . 
 angela 's were a soft turquoise , very pretty . 
 claire felt a deliciously warm edge-of-sleep sensation wash over her . 
 `` probably , '' angela admitted . 
 `` but first you should have some tea . '' 
 `` coffee , '' john said . 
 `` i still like the caffeine . '' 
 `` it spoils the taste ! '' 
 `` gives it that zip . '' 
 john smacked his lips . 
 `` why do n't you let me look through boxes ? '' 
 claire asked , desperately bringing herself back from the edge of whatever that was . 
 the vampires were leading her through a maze of boxes and crates , all marked with red xs and initials . 
 `` you 've got to let humans do it , right ? 
 if you ca n't read the book ? '' 
 `` what makes you think you could read it , little one ? '' 
 angela asked . 
 she had a buttery sort of accent , not quite california , not quite midwest , not quite anything . 
 old . 
 it sounded old . 
 `` are you a scholar of languages , as well ? '' 
 `` n-no , but i know what the symbol is that you 're looking for . 
 i can recognize it . '' 
 angela reached down and drew her fingernails lightly over the skin of claire 's inner arm , looking thoughtful . 
 `` no , i do n't have the tattoo . 
 but i 've seen it . '' 
 she was absolutely shaking all over , terrified in a distant sort of way , but her brain was racing , looking for escape . 
 `` i can recognize it . 
 you ca n't , can you ? 
 you ca n't even draw it . '' 
 angela 's fingernails dug in just a bit , in warning . 
 `` do n't be smart , little girl . 
 we 're not the kind of people you should mock . '' 
 `` i 'm not mocking . 
 you ca n't see it . 
 that 's why you have n't found it . 
 it 's not just that you ca n't read it - right ? '' 
 angela and john exchanged looks again , silent and meaningful . 
 claire swallowed hard , tried to think of anything that might be a good argument for keeping her unbitten -lrb- maybe if i do n't drink any tea or coffee ? -rrb- 
 and spared a thought for just how pissed off shane was going to be if she went and got herself killed . 
 on campus . 
 in the middle of the day . 
 the vampires turned a corner of boxes , and there , in an open space , was a door that did n't lead out onto any stairwell she 'd seen , an elevator with a down button , a battered school-issue desk and chair , and ... `` professor wilson ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 he looked up , blinking behind his glasses . 
 he was her classics of english literature professor -lrb- tuesdays and thursdays at two -rrb- and although he was boring , he seemed to know his stuff . 
 he was a faded-looking man , all grays - thin gray hair , faded gray eyes - with a tendency to dress in colors that bleached him out even more . 
 today it was a white shirt and gray jacket . 
 `` ah . 
 you 're '' - he snapped his fingers two or three times - `` in my intro to shakespeare - '' `` classics of english lit . '' 
 `` right , exactly . 
 they change the title occasionally , just to fool the students into taking it again . 
 neuberg , is n't it ? '' 
 fright in his eyes . 
 `` you were n't assigned here to help me , were you ? '' 
 `` i - '' light dawned . 
 maybe letting mistaken impressions lie was a good idea right now . 
 `` yes . 
 i was . 
 by ... miss samson . '' 
 miss samson was the dragon lady of the english department ; everyone knew that . 
 nobody questioned her . 
 as excuses went , this one was thinner than paper , but it was all she had . 
 `` i was looking for you . '' 
 `` and the door was open ? '' 
 john asked , looking down at her . 
 she kept her eyes firmly fixed on professor wilson , who was n't likely to hypnotize her into not lying . 
 `` yes , '' she said firmly . 
 `` it was open . '' 
 the only good thing about the canister on her back was that at least it looked like something a college student might carry around , with soup or coffee or something in it . 
 and it did n't exactly look like something to break locks . 
 by now , the liquid nitrogen in the lock would have sublimated into the air , and all evidence was gone . 
 she hoped . 
 `` well then , '' wilson said , and frowned at her , `` better sit down and get to work , neuberg . 
 we have a lot to do . 
 you know what you 're looking for ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 john let go of her shoulder . 
 after a reluctant second , angela released her , too , and claire went to the desk , dragged up a wooden chair , and carefully placed her backpack and canister on the floor . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 john asked hopefully . 
 `` no , thank you , '' she said politely , and pulled the first stacked volume toward her . 
 it was interesting work , which was weird , and the vampires became less and less frightening the more she was in their company . 
 angela was a fidgeter , always tapping her foot or restlessly braiding her hair or straightening stacks of books . 
 the vampires seemed assigned only as observers ; as professor wilson and claire finished each mountain of books , they took them away , boxed them , and brought new volumes to check . 
 `` where do these come from ? '' 
 claire wondered out loud , and sneezed as she opened the cover of something called land register of atascosa county , which was filled with antique , neat handwriting . 
 names , dates , measurements . 
 nothing like what they were looking for . 
 `` everywhere , '' professor wilson said , and closed the book he 'd flipped through . 
 `` secondhand stores . 
 antique shops . 
 book dealers . 
 they have a network around the world , and everything comes here for inspection . 
 if it is n't what they 're looking for , it goes out again . 
 they even make a profit on it , i 'm told . '' 
 he cleared his throat and held up the book he 'd been looking at . 
 `` john ? 
 this one is a first-edition lewis carroll . 
 i believe you should put it aside . '' 
 john obligingly took it and set it in a pile that claire thought was probably `` rare and valuable . '' 
 `` how long have you been doing this , professor ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he looked tired . 
 `` seven years , '' he said . 
 `` four hours a day . 
 someone will come in to relieve us soon . '' 
 us , meaning that she 'd get to walk out . 
 well , that was nice . 
 she 'd been hoping that she might at least slip a note out with the professor , something along the lines of if you find my body , i was killed by miss pink in the library , but that sounded too much like something out of that board game her parents liked so much . 
 `` no talking in class , '' john said , and laughed . 
 when he did , his fangs came down . 
 his were longer than brandon 's , and looked scarier , somehow . 
 claire gulped and focused on the book in front of her . 
 the cover said native grains of the new world . 
 a whole book about grain . 
 wow . 
 she wondered how professor wilson had stayed sane all these years . 
 corn is a member of the grass family and is native to the american continents ... she flipped pages . 
 more about corn . 
 she did n't know you could write so much about one plant . 
 beside her , professor wilson swore softly under his breath , and she looked up , startled . 
 his face had gone pale , except for two red spots high in his cheeks . 
 he quickly faked a smile and held up a finger striped with red . 
 `` paper cut , '' he said . 
 his voice sounded high and tight , and claire followed his stare to see angela and john moving closer , watching the professor 's finger with eerie concentration . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 nothing at all . '' 
 he groped in his pocket , came out with a handkerchief , and wrapped it around his bloodied finger . 
 in trying to attend to that , he knocked the book he 'd been reviewing to the floor . 
 claire automatically bent to pick it up , but wilson 's foot hooked around it and scooted it out of her reach . 
 he bent over and in the darkness under the desk ... switched books . 
 claire watched , openmouthed . 
 what the hell was he doing ? 
 before she could do anything stupid that might give him away , there was a ding from the elevator across the room , then the rumble of opening doors . 
 `` ah , '' wilson said with evident relief . 
 `` time to go , then . '' 
 he reached down , picked up the hidden book , and slipped it into his leather satchel with such skill claire was n't absolutely sure she 'd seen it . 
 `` come along , neuberg . '' 
 `` not her , '' john said , smiling cheerfully . 
 `` she gets to stay after class . '' 
 `` but - '' claire bit her lip and made desperate eye contact with the professor , who frowned and shifted his weight from one foot to the other . 
 `` sir , ca n't i go with you ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` yes , of course , '' he said . 
 `` come along , i said . 
 mr. hargrove , if you do n't like it , please take it up with management . 
 i have a class . '' 
 he might have pulled it off , too , if angela had n't been so sharp-eyed , or suspicious ; she stopped him halfway to the elevator , opened up his portfolio , and took out the book he 'd stashed away . 
 she leafed through it silently , then handed it to john , who did the same . 
 both of them looked at the professor with calm , cool , oddly pleased eyes . 
 `` well , '' angela said , `` i do n't know , but i think this may be a violation of the rules , professor . 
 taking books from the library without checking them out first . 
 shame , shame . '' 
 she deliberately opened the first page and read , `` it was the best of times , it was the worst of times ... '' and then flipped carefully through , stopping at random spots , to read lines of text . 
 it all sounded right to claire . 
 she flinched when angela pushed the book at her . 
 `` read , '' the vampire said . 
 `` um ... where ? '' 
 `` anywhere . '' 
 claire recited a few lines in a faltering voice from page 229 . 
 `` a tale of two cities , '' john said . 
 `` let me guess , professor ... a first edition ? '' 
 `` mint condition , '' angela said , and plucked it out of claire 's trembling hands . 
 `` i think the professor has a nice retirement plan , composed of screwing us out of our rightful profits . '' 
 `` huh , '' john said . 
 `` he did n't look quite so dumb as that . 
 got all those degrees and stuff . '' 
 `` that 's just paper smarts . 
 you never can tell about what 's really in their heads until you open them up . '' 
 the two of them were talking like he was n't even there . 
 professor wilson 's pale skin had a sweaty gleam on it now . 
 `` a moment of weakness , '' he said . 
 `` i really do apologize . 
 it wo n't ever happen again , i swear that to you . '' 
 `` apology accepted , '' angela said , and lunged forward , planted her hand on his chest , and knocked him flat to the floor . 
 `` and by the way , i believe you . '' 
 she grabbed his wrist , raised it to her mouth , and paused to strip off his gold wristwatch band and toss it on the floor . 
 as it rolled , claire 's stricken eyes caught sight of the symbol on the watch face . 
 a triangle . 
 delta ? 
 her shock broke at the sound of the professor 's scream . 
 grown men should n't scream like that . 
 it just was n't right . 
 fright made her angry , and she dropped her book bag , took the canister off her shoulder , and yanked off the top . 
 then she threw liquid nitrogen all over angela 's back . 
 when john turned on her , snarling , she splashed what was left at his face , aiming for his eyes . 
 wilson rolled to his feet as angela collapsed , shrieking and thrashing ; john reached out for him , but she 'd managed to hurt him , too - he missed . 
 wilson grabbed his satchel and she got her book bag ; they ran for the elevator . 
 a very surprised professor - someone she did n't recognize - was standing there , openmouthed ; wilson yelled at him to stand aside , leaped into the cage , and pressed the down button so frantically claire was afraid it would snap or stick or something . 
 the doors rolled shut , and the elevator began to fall . 
 claire tried to get her breathing under control , but it was no good ; she was about to hyperventilate . 
 still , she was doing better than the professor . 
 he looked awful ; his face was as gray as his hair , and he was breathing in shallow , hard gasps . 
 `` oh dear , '' he said weakly . 
 `` that was n't good . '' 
 and then he slowly collapsed down the wall of the elevator until he was in a sitting position , legs splayed loosely . 
 `` professor ? '' 
 claire lunged forward and hovered over him . 
 `` heart , '' he panted , and then made a choking sound . 
 she loosened his tie . 
 that did n't seem to help . 
 `` listen . 
 my house . 
 bookshelf . 
 black cover . 
 go . '' 
 `` professor , relax , it 's okay - '' `` no . 
 ca n't let them have it . 
 bookshelf . 
 black - '' his eyes got very wide , and his back arched , and she heard him make an awful noise , and then ... then he just died . 
 nothing dramatic about it , no big speeches , no music swelling to tell her how to feel about it . 
 he was just ... gone , and even though she pressed her shaking fingers to his neck , she knew she would n't feel anything , because there was something different about him . 
 he was like a rubber doll , not a person . 
 the elevator doors opened . 
 claire gasped , grabbed her books and the empty silver canister , and sprinted down the blank cinder-block hallway to the end , where a fire door opened into bright afternoon sunlight . 
 she stood there for a few long seconds , just shaking and gasping and crying , and then tried to think where to go . 
 angela and john thought her name was neuberg , which was good - she supposed not so good for neuberg , if one existed - but they 'd find out who she was eventually . 
 she needed to be home before that happened . 
 bookshelf . 
 black cover . 
 professor wilson had been in that room for seven years , sorting through books . 
 probably slipping out those he thought might be worth something on the black market . 
 what if ... ? 
 no . 
 it could n't be . 
 except ... what if it was ? 
 what if a year ago , or five years ago , professor wilson had found that book the vampires were so intent on having , and decided to hang on to it for a rainy day ? 
 after all , she 'd been basically planning to do the same thing , only for her it was already stormy weather . 
 she needed his address . 
 it was n't far to the communication arts building , and she ran as much of the way as she could before the pain in her still-bruised ankle and still-raw back made her slow down . 
 two flights of steps brought her to the offices , and she passed up professor wilson 's closed and locked office to stop next to the cluttered desk out in the open between the corridors . 
 the nameplate read vivian samson , but everyone just called her dragon lady , and the woman sitting behind it had earned the name . 
 she was old , fat , and legendarily bad-tempered . 
 there was no smoking in all university buildings , but the dragon lady had an overflowing ashtray on the corner of her desk and a glowing cigarette hanging out of the corner of her red-painted lips . 
 beehive hair , straight out of old movies . 
 she had a computer , but it was n't turned on , and as far as claire could tell from the two-inch-long bright red nails , the dragon lady did n't type , either . 
 she ignored claire and kept on reading the magazine open in front of her . 
 `` um - excuse me ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 she felt sticky with sweat from the run in the heat , and still kind of sick from what had happened at the library . 
 the dragon lady turned a page in her magazine . 
 `` i just need - '' `` i 'm on break . '' 
 the red-clawed hand took the cigarette out of the red-painted mouth for a trip to the ashtray to shed some excess . 
 `` not even supposed to be here today . 
 damn grad students . 
 come back in half an hour . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no buts . 
 i 'm on break . 
 shoo . '' 
 `` but professor wilson sent me to get something from his house , but he did n't give me the address . 
 please - '' she slapped the magazine closed . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake . 
 i 'm going to wring his neck when he gets back here . 
 here . '' 
 she grabbed a card from the holder on her desk and pitched it at claire , glaring . 
 `` if you 're some nutcase , it 's not my problem . 
 you tell his highness that if he wants to roll around with undergrads , he can damn well remember to tell them his own damn address from now on . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` got it , '' claire said in a very small voice . 
 roll around with ... she was n't going to think about that . 
 not at all . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the dragon lady puffed a cloud of smoke out of both nostrils and raised eyebrows plucked into more of a suggestion than an actual form . 
 `` you 're a polite one . 
 go on , get out of here before i remember i 'm supposed to be off today . '' 
 `` you know , '' shane said twenty minutes later , `` i 'd feel a whole lot better about the two of us if you did n't think i was the go-to guy for breaking and entering . '' 
 they were standing on the professor 's back porch , and claire was peering through a murky window into an equally murky living room . 
 she felt a flash of guilt about the breaking-and-entering part - but she had called him - just before her heart did a funny little painful flip and she heard him say again in her head the two of us . 
 she did n't dare look at him . 
 surely he did n't mean that , exactly . 
 that meant , you know , friendship or something . 
 he treated her like a kid . 
 like his sister . 
 he did n't - he could n't - but what if he could ? 
 and she could n't believe she was thinking this now , on the doorstep of a dead man . 
 the memory of professor wilson 's limp , rubbery body steadied her , and she was able to finally stand back from the window and meet shane 's eyes without fluttering like some scared sparrow . 
 `` well , i could n't ask eve , '' she said reasonably . 
 `` she 's at work . '' 
 `` makes sense . 
 hey , look , what 's that ? '' 
 shane pointed . 
 she whirled to stare . 
 there was a sound of tinkling glass behind her , and when she turned back he was opening the back door . 
 `` there . 
 now you can say you did n't know i was going to do it . 
 crime free . '' 
 well , not exactly . 
 she was still carrying the metal cylinder over her shoulder . 
 she wondered if the vampires had recovered yet , and if anybody had thought to question the ta at the chem lab . 
 she hoped not . 
 he was nice , and in his own way he was brave , but she had no illusions that he would n't sell her out in a hot second . 
 there were n't a whole lot of heroes left in morganville . 
 one of the last of them turned in the doorway and said , `` in or out , kid , daylight 's burning . '' 
 she followed shane over the threshold into professor wilson 's house . 
 it was kind of weird , really - she could see that he 'd been here hours ago , living his life , and now the house seemed like it was waiting for him . 
 maybe not so much weird as sad . 
 they came in through the kitchen , and there was a cereal bowl , a glass , and a coffee cup in the dish strainer . 
 the professor had eaten breakfast , at least . 
 when she touched the towel underneath the strainer , it was still damp . 
 `` hey , '' shane said . 
 `` so what are we looking for in here ? '' 
 `` bookshelves , '' she said . 
 `` yo . 
 found 'em . '' 
 he sounded odd . 
 she followed him into the next room - the living room - and felt her stomach sink a little . 
 why had n't she thought about this ? 
 he was a professor . 
 of course he 'd have a jazillion books ... and there were , floor to ceiling , all the way around the room . 
 crammed in together . 
 stacked on the floor in places . 
 stacked on tables . 
 she 'd thought the glass house was a reader 's paradise , but this ... `` we have two hours , '' shane said . 
 `` then we 're gone . 
 i do n't want to risk you out on the street after dark . '' 
 she nodded numbly and went to the first set of shelves . 
 `` he said it had a black cover . 
 maybe that will help . '' 
 but it did n't . 
 she began pulling out all the black-bound books and piling them on the table ; shane did the same . 
 by the time they 'd met in the middle of the shelves , an hour had passed , and the pile was huge . 
 `` what the hell are we looking for ? '' 
 he asked , staring at it . 
 she did n't suppose i do n't know would be an answer that would get any respect . 
 `` you know the tattoo on eve 's arm ? '' 
 shane acted like she 'd stuck him in the butt with a fork . 
 `` we 're looking for the book ? 
 here ? '' 
 `` i - '' she gave up . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe . 
 it 's worth a try . '' 
 he just shook his head , his expression something between you 're crazy and you 're amazing . 
 but not in a good way . 
 she pulled up a chair and began leafing through the books , one after another . 
 nothing ... nothing ... nothing ... `` claire . '' 
 shane sounded odd . 
 he handed her a black leather-bound book . 
 `` take a look . '' 
 it was too new . 
 they were looking for an old book , right ? 
 this was ... this was a holy bible . 
 with a cross on the front . 
 `` look inside , '' he said . 
 she opened it . 
 the first few gold-leafed pages were standard , the same familiar words she 'd grown up with , and still believed . 
 eve had said they had a few churches in morganville , right ? 
 maybe they had services . 
 she 'd have to check . 
 midway through exodus , the pages went hollow , and there was a tiny little volume hidden inside the bible . 
 old . 
 very old . 
 the cover was water-stained dirty leather , and scratched into it was a symbol . 
 the symbol . 
 claire pulled it out of the bible and opened it . 
 `` well ? '' 
 shane demanded after a few seconds . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` it 's - '' she swallowed hard . 
 `` it 's in latin . '' 
 `` so ? 
 what does it say ? '' 
 `` i do n't read latin ! '' 
 `` you 're kidding . 
 i thought all geniuses read latin . 
 is n't that the international language for smart people ? '' 
 she picked up a book without looking and threw it at him . 
 he ducked . 
 it flopped to the floor . 
 claire flipped pages in the small volume . 
 it was handwritten in faded , coppery ink , the kind of beautiful perfect writing from hundreds of years ago . 
 she was actually holding it in her hands . 
 and here she 'd been intending to just fake it . 
 `` we 'd better get going , '' shane said . 
 `` seriously . 
 i do n't want to be here when the cops come calling . '' 
 `` you think they will ? '' 
 `` well , if dear old prof wilson keeled over after stealing the vampires blind , yeah , i think they 'll send a couple of cops over to inventory the goodies . 
 so we 'd better move it . '' 
 she stuffed the journal back into the bible and started to put it into her backpack , then paused in outright despair . 
 too much stuff . 
 `` we need another bag , '' she said . 
 `` something small . '' 
 shane came up with a plastic grocery sack from the kitchen , stuck the bible inside , and hustled her out . 
 she looked back at professor wilson 's lonely living room one last time . 
 a clock ticked on the mantel , and everything waited for a life that would never start up again . 
 she was right . 
 it was sad . 
 `` run first , '' shane said . 
 `` mourn later . '' 
 it was the perfect motto for morganville . 
 they made it back home with half an hour or so to spare , but as they turned the corner on lot street , where the gothic bulk of the glass house pretty much dwarfed all of the other , newer houses around it , claire 's eyes went immediately to the blue suv sitting at the curb . 
 it looked familiar ... `` oh my god , '' she said , and stopped dead in her tracks . 
 `` okay , stopping ? 
 not a great idea . 
 come on , claire , let 's - '' `` that 's my parents ' car ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` my parents are here ! 
 oh my god ! '' 
 she practically squealed that last part , and would have turned around and run away , but shane grabbed her by the neck of her shirt and hauled her around . 
 `` better get it over with , '' he said . 
 `` if they tracked you this far , they 're not going to drive off without saying hello . '' 
 `` oh , man ! 
 let go ! '' 
 he did . 
 she twitched her shirt down over her shoulders and glared at him , and he did an extravagant bow . 
 `` you first , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm watching your back . '' 
 she was , at least temporarily , more worried about her front . 
 when she cracked open the door to the house , she could hear eve 's anxious voice . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll be here any time - she 's , you know , at class , and - '' `` young lady , my daughter is not in class . 
 i 've been to her classes . 
 she has n't been to class the entire afternoon . 
 now , are you going to tell me where she is , or do i have to call the police ? '' 
 dad sounded pissed . 
 claire swallowed hard , resisted the urge to back up and close the door and run away - mainly because shane was right behind her , and he was finding this way too funny to let her escape - and walked down the hall toward the voices . 
 just eve and dad , so far . 
 where was - `` claire ! '' 
 she 'd know that shriek of relief anywhere . 
 before she could say hi , mom , she was buried in a hug and a wave of l'oreal perfume . 
 the perfume stayed longer than the hug , which morphed into claire 's being held at arm 's length and shaken like a rag doll . 
 `` claire , what have you been doing ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` mom - '' `` we were so worried about you after that terrible accident , but les could n't get off work until today - '' `` it was n't that big a deal , mom - '' `` and we just had to come up and see you , but your room is empty in the dorm . 
 you were n't in classes - claire , what 's happened to you ? 
 i ca n't believe you 'd do something like this ! '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 she asked , sighing . 
 `` mom , would you quit shaking me ? 
 i 'm getting dizzy . '' 
 mom let go and folded her arms . 
 she was n't very tall - just a couple of inches over claire 's height , even in midheeled shoes - and dad , who was glowering at shane in the background , was as tall and twice as broad . 
 `` is it him ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 `` did he get you into trouble ? '' 
 `` not me , '' shane said . 
 `` i 've just got that kind of face . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 claire hissed . 
 she could hear that he thought all this was funny . 
 she did n't . 
 `` shane 's just a friend , dad . 
 like eve . '' 
 `` eve ? '' 
 her parents looked at each other blankly . 
 `` you mean - '' as one , they cast horrified glances at eve , who was standing with her hands folded , trying to look as demure as it was possible to look while wearing an outfit that looked like something a goth ballerina might wear - all black netting in the skirt and red satin up top . 
 she smiled sweetly , but it was kind of spoiled by the red lipstick -lrb- had she borrowed miranda 's ? -rrb- 
 and skull earrings . 
 mom said faintly , `` claire , you used to have such nice friends . 
 what happened to elizabeth ? '' 
 `` she went to texas aandm , mom . '' 
 `` that 's no reason not to still be friends . '' 
 mom logic . 
 claire decided that shane had been right - there was no getting out of this one . 
 she might as well jump into the pool ; the sharks were circling no matter what she did . 
 `` mom , eve and shane are two of my roommates . 
 here . 
 in this house . '' 
 silence . 
 mom and dad looked frozen . 
 `` les ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` did she say she was living here ? '' 
 `` young lady , you are not living here , '' dad said . 
 `` you live in the dorm . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm living here , and that 's my decision . '' 
 `` that 's illegal ! 
 the rules said that you have to live on campus , claire . 
 you ca n't just - '' outside the windows , night was slipping up on them , stealthy and quick as an assassin . 
 `` i can , '' claire said . 
 `` i did . 
 i 'm not going back there . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not paying good money just to have you squat in some old wreck with a bunch of - '' dad was at a loss for words to describe how little he thought of eve and shane . 
 `` friends ! 
 and are they even in school ? '' 
 `` i 'm currently between majors , '' shane offered . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 claire was nearly in tears now . 
 `` all right , that 's it . 
 get your things , claire . 
 you 're coming with us . '' 
 all the amusement faded out of shane 's face . 
 `` no , she is n't , '' he said . 
 `` not at night . 
 sorry . '' 
 dad got red-faced and even more furious , and leveled a finger at her . 
 `` is this why you 're here ? 
 older boys ? 
 living under the same roof ? '' 
 `` oh , claire , '' mom sighed . 
 `` you 're too young for this . 
 you - '' `` shane , '' shane supplied . 
 `` shane , i 'm sure you 're a perfectly nice boy '' - she did n't sound especially convinced - `` but you have to understand that claire is a very special girl , and she 's very young . '' 
 `` she 's a kid ! '' 
 dad interrupted . 
 `` she 's sixteen ! 
 and if you took advantage of her - '' `` dad ! '' 
 claire thought her face might be just as red as his , for very different reasons . 
 `` enough already ! 
 shane 's my friend ! 
 stop embarrassing me ! '' 
 `` embarrassing you ? 
 claire , how do you think we feel ? '' 
 dad roared . 
 in the silence , claire heard michael say mildly , from the stairs , `` i think maybe we 'd all better sit down . '' 
 they did n't all sit down . 
 shane and eve escaped to the kitchen , where claire heard a clattering of pots and furious whispering ; she was sitting uncomfortably on the couch between her parental bookends , looking mournfully at michael , who was sitting in the armchair . 
 he looked calm and collected , but then , he would . 
 mom , dad , this is michael , he 's a dead guy ... yeah , that would really help . 
 `` my name is michael glass , '' he said , and extended his hand to claire 's dad like an equal . 
 dad , surprised , took it and shook . 
 `` you 've already met our other two roommates , eve rosser and shane collins . 
 sir , i know you 're concerned about claire . 
 you should be . 
 she 's on her own for the first time , and she 's younger than most kids coming to college . 
 i do n't blame you for being worried . '' 
 dad , defused , settled for looking stubborn . 
 `` and who the heck are you , michael glass ? '' 
 `` i own this house , '' he said . 
 `` i rent a room to your daughter . '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` a little over eighteen . 
 so are shane and eve . 
 we 've known each other a long time , and to be honest , we did n't really want to let another person into the house , but ... '' michael shrugged . 
 `` we had an empty bedroom , and splitting costs four ways is better . 
 i thought a long time about letting claire stay here . 
 we had house meetings about it . '' 
 claire blinked at him . 
 he had ? 
 they did ? 
 `` my daughter 's a minor , '' dad said . 
 `` i 'm not happy about this . 
 not at all . '' 
 `` sir , i understand . 
 i was n't too happy about it , either . 
 even having her here is a risk for us , you understand . '' 
 michael did n't have to go into it , claire saw ; her dad totally got it . 
 `` but she needed us , and we could n't turn her away . '' 
 `` you mean you could n't turn her money away , '' dad said , frowning . 
 for answer , michael got up , went to a wooden box sitting on the shelf , and took out an envelope . 
 he handed it to dad . 
 `` that 's what she paid me , '' he said . 
 `` the whole amount . 
 i kept it in case she wanted to leave . 
 this was n't about money , mr. danvers . 
 it was about claire 's safety . '' 
 michael glanced across at her , and she bit her lip . 
 she 'd been hoping to avoid this - desperately hoping - but she could n't see any way out now . 
 she nodded slightly and slumped back on the couch cushions , trying to make herself small . 
 smaller . 
 `` claire 's dorm was girls-only , '' claire 's mom put in . 
 she reached over to stroke claire 's hair absently , the way she did when claire was little . 
 claire endured it . 
 actually , she secretly liked it , a little , and had to fight not to relax against mom 's side and let herself be hugged . 
 protected . 
 `` she was safe , was n't she ? 
 that monica girl said - '' `` you talked to monica ? '' 
 claire said sharply , and looked wide-eyed at her mother . 
 mom frowned a little , dark eyes concerned . 
 `` yes , of course i did . 
 i was trying to find out where you 'd gone , and monica was very helpful . '' 
 `` i 'll bet , '' claire muttered . 
 the idea of monica standing there smiling at her mom - looking innocent and nice , probably - was sickening . 
 `` she said you were staying here , '' mom finished , still frowning . 
 `` claire , honey , why would you leave the dorm ? 
 i know you 're not a silly girl . 
 you would n't do it if you did n't have a reason . '' 
 michael said , `` she did . 
 she was being hazed . '' 
 `` hazed ? '' 
 mom repeated the word like she had no idea what it meant . 
 `` from what claire told me , it started small - all the freshmen girls get it from the older ones . 
 nasty stuff , but not dangerous . 
 but she got on the wrong side of the wrong girl , and she was getting hurt . '' 
 `` hurt ? '' 
 that was dad , who now had something to hold on to . 
 `` when she came here , she had bruises like a road map , '' michael said . 
 `` to be honest , i wanted to call the cops . 
 she would n't let me . 
 but i could n't let her go back there . 
 she was n't just getting knocked around ... i think her life was in danger . '' 
 mom 's hand had frozen in claire 's hair , and she let out a little moan . 
 `` it 's not that bad , '' claire offered . 
 `` i mean , look , nothing broken or anything . 
 i had a sore ankle for a while , and a black eye , but - '' `` a black eye ? '' 
 `` it 's gone . 
 see ? '' 
 she batted her eyelashes . 
 mom 's gaze searched her face with agonizing care . 
 `` honest , it 's over . 
 done . 
 everything 's fine now . '' 
 `` no , '' michael said . 
 `` it 's not . 
 but claire 's handling it , and we 're watching out for her . 
 shane especially . 
 he - he had a little sister , and he 's taken an interest in making sure claire stays safe . 
 but more than that , i think claire 's taking care of herself . 
 and that 's what she has to learn , do n't you agree ? '' 
 michael leaned forward , hands loosely clasped , elbows on his knees . 
 in the glow of the lamps , his hair was rich gold , his eyes angel blue . 
 if anybody ever looked trustworthy , it was michael glass . 
 of course , he was dead and all , which claire had to bite her tongue not to blurt out in sheer altered-state panic . 
 mom and dad were thinking . 
 she knew she had to say something ... something important . 
 something that would make them not drag her home by the ear . 
 `` i ca n't leave , '' she said . 
 it came from her heart , and she meant every word . 
 her voice stayed absolutely steady , too - for once . 
 `` mom , dad , i know that you 're afraid for me , and i - i love you . 
 but i need to stay here . 
 michael is n't telling you this , but they put themselves on the line for me , and i owe it to them to stay until it 's settled and i 'm sure they wo n't get in trouble for me . 
 it 's what i have to do , you understand ? 
 and i can do it . 
 i have to . '' 
 `` claire , '' mom said in a small , choked voice . 
 `` you 're sixteen ! 
 you 're a child ! '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said simply . 
 `` i 'm sixteen and a half , and i 'm not giving up . 
 i never have . 
 you know that . '' 
 they did . 
 claire had fought all her life against the odds , and both her parents knew it . 
 they knew how stubborn she was . 
 more , they knew how important it was to her . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' her dad said , but he sounded unhappy now , not angry . 
 `` i do n't like you living with older boys . 
 off campus . 
 and i want these people who hurt you stopped . '' 
 `` then i have to stop them , '' claire said . 
 `` it 's my problem . 
 and there are other girls in that dorm getting hurt , too , so it is n't just about me . 
 i need to do it for them , too . '' 
 michael raised his eyebrows slightly , but did n't answer . 
 mom wiped at her eyes with a handkerchief . 
 eve appeared in the doorway wearing a huge apron with a red-lips emblem that read kiss the cook , peered uncertainly at them , and gave claire 's parents a nervous smile . 
 `` dinner 's ready ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` oh , we could n't , '' mom said . 
 `` the heck we ca n't , '' dad said . 
 `` i 'm starved . 
 is that chili ? '' 
 dinner was uncomfortable . 
 dad made noncommittal grunts about the quality of the chili . 
 shane looked like he was barely holding on to his laughter most of the time . 
 eve was so nervous that claire thought she would jitter right out of the chair , and michael ... michael was the calm one . 
 the adult . 
 claire had never felt more like the kid at the big table in her life . 
 `` so , michael , '' claire 's mother said , nibbling at a spoonful of chili , `` what is it you do ? '' 
 haunts the house where he died , claire thought , and bit her lip . 
 she took a fast sip of her cola . 
 `` i 'm a musician , '' he said . 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 she brightened up . 
 `` what do you play ? 
 i love classical music ! '' 
 now even michael looked uncomfortable . 
 shane coughed into his napkin and drained coke in huge gulps to drown out his hiccuping laughter . 
 `` piano and guitar , '' he said . 
 `` but mostly guitar . 
 acoustic and electric . '' 
 `` humph , '' claire 's dad said . 
 `` any good ? '' 
 shane 's shoulders were shaking . 
 `` i do n't know , '' michael said . 
 `` i work hard at it . '' 
 `` he 's very good ! '' 
 eve jumped in , eyes bright and flashing . 
 `` honestly , michael , you should quit being so humble . 
 you 're really great . 
 it 's just a matter of time before you really do something big , and you know it ! '' 
 michael looked ... blank . 
 expressionless . 
 that did n't quite hide the pain , claire thought . 
 `` someday , '' he said , and shrugged . 
 `` hey , shane , thanks for dinner . 
 good stuff . '' 
 `` yeah , '' eve said . 
 `` not bad . '' 
 `` spicy , '' dad said , as if that was a flaw . 
 claire knew for a fact he ordinarily added tabasco to half of what he ate . 
 `` mind if i get a refill ? '' 
 eve jumped up like a jack-in-the-box . 
 `` i 'll get it ! '' 
 but dad was at the end of the table , closest to the kitchen , and he was already on his feet and heading that direction . 
 michael and shane exchanged looks . 
 claire frowned , trying to figure out what they were looking so alarmed about . 
 they sat in silence as the refrigerator opened , bottles rattled , and then it closed . 
 dad came back , one cold-frosted coke in his hand . 
 in his other hand he held a beer . 
 he sat it in the center of the table and glared at michael . 
 `` you want to explain why there 's beer in a refrigerator with a sixteen-year-old in the house ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not to mention that none of you is old enough to be drinking it ! '' 
 well , that was that . 
 some days , claire thought , you just could n't win . 
 she had two days , and only because dad agreed to allow her to go to the admissions office and file transfer paperwork . 
 michael tried his best , but even angelic good looks and complete sincerity were n't good enough this time . 
 shane had stopped finding it amusing at some point , and started yelling . 
 eve had gone to her room . 
 claire had cried . 
 a lot . 
 furiously . 
 she was so angry , in fact , that she barely cared that mom and dad were going to be driving out of morganville in the dark , unprotected and unwarned . 
 michael took care of that , though , with a story about carjackers stealing suvs in the area . 
 that was the best anyone could do , and more than claire wanted , anyway . 
 dad had looked at her like she was a disappointment . 
 she 'd never , ever been a disappointment before , and it totally pissed her off , because she did n't deserve it , not one bit . 
 michael and shane stood in the doorway , watching her parents hurry to their suv in the dark . 
 shane , she saw , had a big hand-carved cross , and he was ready to charge to the rescue , even though he was mad as hell . 
 he did n't need to , though . 
 mom and dad got in their truck and drove away , into the hushed morganville night , and michael closed and locked the door and turned to look at claire . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 `` that could have been better . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 she shot back . 
 her eyes were swollen and hot , and she felt like she might vibrate apart ; she was so mad . 
 `` i 'm not leaving ! 
 no way ! '' 
 `` claire . '' 
 michael reached out and put his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` until you 're eighteen , you really do n't have the right to say that , okay ? 
 i know , you 're almost seventeen , you 're smarter than ninety percent of the people in the world - '' `` one hundred percent smarter than anybody else in this house , '' shane said . '' 
 - but that does n't matter . 
 it will , but it does n't right now . 
 you need to do what they say . 
 if you decide to fight them , it 's going to get ugly , and claire , we ca n't afford it . 
 i ca n't afford it . 
 you understand ? '' 
 he searched her eyes , and she had to nod . 
 `` sorry . 
 believe me , it is n't the way i wanted it to happen , but at least you 'll be out of morganville . 
 you 'll be safe . '' 
 he hugged her . 
 she felt her breath leave for a second , and then he was gone , walking away . 
 she looked at shane . 
 `` well , i 'm not hugging you , '' he said . 
 he was standing close to her , so close she had to crane her neck way up to meet his eyes . 
 and for a long few seconds , they did n't say anything ; he just ... watched her . 
 in the living room , she heard eve talking to michael , but here in the hallway it was very quiet . 
 she could hear the fast pounding of her heart , and wondered if he could hear it , too . 
 `` claire - , '' he finally said . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sixteen . 
 heard it already . '' 
 he put his arms around her . 
 not the way michael had , exactly - she did n't know why it was different , but it was . 
 this was n't a hug ; it was - it felt - close . 
 he was n't holding himself back , that was it . 
 and she relaxed against him with a breathless sigh , cheek against his chest , almost purring with relief . 
 he rested his chin on the top of her head . 
 she felt so small next to him , but that was all right . 
 it did n't make her feel weak . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you , '' he whispered , and she leaned back to look up at him again . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she thought - really thought - that he was going to kiss her , but just then , she heard eve call , `` shane ! '' 
 and he flinched and pulled back , and the old shane , the cocky shane , was back . 
 `` you made things exciting around here . '' 
 he loped off down the hall , and she felt a pure burst of fury . 
 boys . 
 why were they always such dumbasses ? 
 the night did its usual tricks - creepy creaking sounds upstairs , wind hissing at the windows , branches tapping . 
 claire could n't sleep . 
 she could n't get used to the idea that this room , this lovely room , was hers for only two more nights , and then she 'd be carted off , humiliated and defeated , back home . 
 no way would her parents let her go anywhere now . 
 she 'd have to wait out the next year and a half , which meant that her admission paperwork would have to be redone , and she 'd have to start all over ... at least it did n't matter now if she blew off classes , she thought , and punched her pillow into a more comfortable shape . 
 several times . 
 if she 'd been asleep - even a little asleep - she 'd have missed the knock on the door , as light as it was , but she was wired and full of restless energy , and she slipped out of bed and went to unlock it and swing it open . 
 it was shane . 
 he stood there , clearly wanting to come in , not daring to come in , as uncertain as she 'd ever seen him . 
 he was wearing a loose t-shirt and sweatpants , feet bare , and she felt a white-hot wave of - something - sweep over her . 
 this had to be what he slept in . 
 or ... maybe less than that . 
 okay , she really needed to stop thinking about that . 
 she became aware , a hot second later , that she was standing there in a thin oversized t-shirt - one of michael 's old ones - with bare legs from midthigh down . 
 half-naked would n't be overstating it . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 `` hi , '' shane said . 
 `` did i wake you up ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i could n't sleep . '' 
 she was acutely aware of the bed behind her , covers all twisted . 
 `` um , do you want to , um ... come in ? '' 
 `` better not , '' he said softly . 
 `` claire , i - '' he shook his head , brown hair swinging loose around his face . 
 `` i should n't even be here . '' 
 but he was n't leaving , either . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` i 'm sitting down . 
 if you want to stand there , fine . '' 
 she went to the bed and sat , careful how she did it . 
 legs together , prim and proper . 
 her toes barely brushed the carpet . 
 she felt alive and tingling all over . 
 she looked down at her hands , at the ragged fingernails , and picked at them nervously . 
 shane took two steps into the room . 
 `` for the next two days , i do n't want you leaving the house , '' he said . 
 which was not what she was expecting him to say . 
 not at all . 
 `` your dad already thinks we 're getting you drunk and staging orgies in the hallway . 
 last thing i want is to send you home with fang marks in your neck . 
 or in a coffin . '' 
 his voice dropped lower . 
 `` i could n't stand that . 
 i really could n't . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 she did n't look up . 
 he came a step closer , and his bare feet and sweatpants came into her vision . 
 `` claire . 
 you 've got to promise me . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not some little kid . 
 and i 'm not your sister . '' 
 he laughed , low in his throat . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 that , i know . 
 but i do n't want to see you get hurt again . '' 
 his hand cupped her chin in warmth , and tilted her face up . 
 the whole world hushed , one perfect second of stillness . 
 claire did n't even think her heart beat . 
 his lips were warm and soft and sweet , and the sensation just blinded her , made her feel awkward and scared . 
 i 've never ... nobody ever ... i 'm not doing it right ... she hated herself , hated that she did n't know how to kiss him back , knew he was measuring her against all those other girls , those better girls he 'd kissed . 
 it stopped . 
 her heart was beating so fast it felt like a bird fluttering in her chest . 
 she was flushed and hot and warm , so warm ... shane pressed his forehead to hers and sighed . 
 his breath warmed her face , and this time she kissed him , letting her instincts guide her , letting him pull her to her feet . 
 their hands were clasped , fingers laced , and parts of her - parts she 'd only ever warmed up alone - were going full blast . 
 this time , when they came up for air , he pulled completely back . 
 his face was flushed ; his eyes were bright . 
 claire 's lips felt swollen , warm , utterly deliciously damp . 
 oh , she thought . 
 i guess i should have done the tongue thing . 
 putting theory into practice was hard when her brain kept wanting to short out entirely . 
 `` okay , '' shane said . 
 `` that - that should n't have happened . '' 
 `` probably not , '' she admitted . 
 `` but i 'm leaving in two days . 
 it 'd be stupid if i never even kissed you . '' 
 she was n't absolutely sure who kissed whom this time . 
 maybe it was gravity tilting , stars exploding . 
 it felt like it . 
 his hands were free this time , and they cupped her face , stroked her hair , her neck , down to her shoulders ... she gasped into his open mouth , and he moaned . 
 moaned . 
 she had no idea a sensation could go through her like that , traveling through her skin and nerves like lightning . 
 his hands stopped right there , at her waist . 
 when their tongues touched , gentle and tentative and wet , it made her knees weak . 
 made her whole spine rattle like dry bones . 
 shane put his right arm around her waist , holding her close , and cupped the back of her head with his left . 
 okay , this was kissing . 
 serious kissing . 
 not just a kiss before moving out , not a good-bye , this was hello , sexy , and wow , she 'd never even suspected that it could feel this way . 
 when he let go , she fell back to sit on the bed , utterly weak , and she thought that if he followed her , she 'd fall back and ... shane took two giant-sized steps backward , then turned and walked out into the hall . 
 facing away from her . 
 in a kind of dreamlike trance she watched the strong , broad muscles of his back moving under his shirt as he took deep breaths . 
 `` okay , '' he said finally , and turned around . 
 but staying well out in the hall . 
 `` okay , that really should n't have happened . 
 and we 're not going to talk about that , right ? 
 ever ? '' 
 `` right , '' she said . 
 she felt like there was light dripping from her fingertips . 
 spilling out of her toes . 
 she felt full of light , in fact , warm buttery sunlight . 
 `` never happened . '' 
 he opened his mouth , then closed it , and closed his eyes . 
 `` claire - '' `` i know . '' 
 `` lock the door , '' he said . 
 she got up and swung it mostly closed . 
 one last look at him through the gap , and then she clicked it shut and flipped the dead bolt . 
 she heard a thump against it . 
 shane was slumped on the other side ; she just knew it . 
 `` i am so dead , '' he muttered . 
 no sign of shane on monday morning , but she got up way early - just after michael would have evaporated into mist , in fact . 
 she showered and grabbed a pop-tart from the cabinet for breakfast , washed the dishes that had been dumped in the sink from last night 's disaster of parental dinner - had n't that been michael 's job ? 
 - and emptied out her backpack to stuff in the metal canister -lrb- to return to the chem lab , which made it borrowing , not stealing -rrb- and the bible with its concealed secret . 
 and then she thought , it wo n't do any good if they just steal it from me , and took it out again and put it on the shelves , wedged in between an old volume 10 of the world encyclopedia and some novel she 'd never heard of . 
 then she stepped out , locked the door , and began walking toward the school . 
 the chem lab was busy when she arrived between classes , and she had no trouble slipping into the supply room to put the canister back in place , after carefully wiping her fingerprints from everything she could think of . 
 that moral duty done , she hustled to the admissions office to put in her paperwork to withdraw from school . 
 nobody seemed surprised . 
 she supposed that there were a lot of withdrawals . 
 or disappearances . 
 it was noon when she walked down to common grounds . 
 eve was just arriving , yawning and bleary-eyed ; she looked surprised to see claire as she handed over the cup of tea . 
 `` i thought you were n't supposed to leave the house , '' she said . 
 `` michael and shane said - '' `` i need to talk to oliver , '' claire said . 
 `` he 's in the back . '' 
 eve pointed . 
 `` in the office . 
 claire ? 
 is there anything wrong ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i think something 's about to be right for a change . '' 
 the door marked office was closed . 
 she knocked , heard oliver 's warm voice telling her to enter , and came in . 
 he was sitting behind a small desk in a very small room , windowless , with a computer running in front of him . 
 he smiled at her and stood up to shake her hand . 
 `` claire , '' he said . 
 `` good to see you 're safe . 
 i heard there had been some ... unpleasantness . '' 
 oliver was wearing a tie-dyed grateful dead t-shirt and blue jeans with faded patches on the knees - not so much style as wear , she figured . 
 he looked tired and concerned , and she thought suddenly that there was something about him a lot like michael . 
 except that he was here in the daytime , of course , and at night , so he could n't be a ghost . 
 could he ? 
 `` brandon is very unhappy , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm afraid that there 's going to be retaliation . 
 brandon likes striking from an angle , not straight on , so you 'd better watch out for your friends , as well . 
 that would include eve , of course . 
 i 've asked her to be extra careful . '' 
 she nodded , heart in her throat . 
 `` um ... what if i have something to trade ? '' 
 oliver sat down and leaned back in his chair . 
 `` trade for what ? 
 and to whom ? '' 
 `` i - something important . 
 i do n't want to be more specific than that . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you 're going to have to be , if you want me to act as any kind of go-between for you . 
 i ca n't trade if i do n't know what i 'm offering . '' 
 she realized she was still holding her teacup , and put it down on the corner of the desk . 
 `` um ... i 'd rather do it myself . 
 but i do n't know who to go to . 
 whoever can order brandon around , i guess . 
 or even higher than that . '' 
 `` there is a social order to the vampire community , '' oliver agreed . 
 `` brandon 's hardly at the top . 
 there are two factions , you know . 
 brandon is part of one - the darker side , i suppose you could say . 
 it depends on your viewpoint . 
 certainly , from a human standpoint , neither faction is exactly lily-white . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i can help you , if you 'll let me . 
 believe me , you do n't want to try to contact these people on your own . 
 and i 'm not sure they 'd even allow you to do so . '' 
 she bit her lip , thinking about what michael had said about the deals in morganville . 
 she was n't good at it ; she knew that . 
 and she did n't know the rules . 
 oliver did , or he 'd have been dead a long time ago . 
 besides , he was eve 's boss , and she liked him . 
 plus , he 'd been able to keep brandon from biting her at least twice . 
 that had to count for something . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` i have the book . '' 
 oliver 's gray eyebrows came down into a straight line . 
 `` the book ? '' 
 `` you know . 
 the book . '' 
 `` claire , '' he said slowly , `` i hope you understand what you 're saying . 
 because you ca n't be wrong about this , and you absolutely ca n't lie . 
 bluffing will get you , and all your friends , killed . 
 no mercy . 
 others have tried , passing off fakes or pretending to have it , then running . 
 they all died . 
 all of them . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she swallowed again , convulsively . 
 her mouth felt very dry . 
 she tried to remember how it had felt last night , being warm and full of light , but the day was cold and hard and scary . 
 and shane was n't here . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 `` i understand . 
 but i have it , and i do n't think it 's a fake . 
 and i 'm willing to trade for it . '' 
 oliver did n't blink . 
 she tried to look away , but there was something about him , something hard and demanding , and she felt a real surge of fear . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` but you ca n't do this by yourself . 
 you 're too young , and you 're too fragile . 
 i 'll undertake this for you , but i 'll need proof . '' 
 `` what kind of proof ? '' 
 `` i need to see the book . 
 take photographs of at least the cover and one inside page , to prove that it 's legitimate . '' 
 `` i thought vampires could n't read it . '' 
 `` they ca n't , at least according to legend . 
 it 's the symbol . 
 like the protection symbols , it has properties that humans ca n't really understand . 
 in this case , it confuses the senses of vampires . 
 only humans can read the words inside - but a photograph removes the confusion , and vampires will be able to see the symbol for what it is . 
 wonderful thing , technology . '' 
 he glanced at the clock . 
 `` i have a meeting this afternoon that i ca n't postpone . 
 i 'll come to your house this evening , if that 's all right . 
 i 'd like a chance to speak with shane and eve , as well . 
 and your other friend , the one i 've never seen come in - michael , correct ? 
 michael glass ? '' 
 she found herself nodding , a little alarmed and not even sure why she should be . 
 it was okay , was n't it ? 
 oliver was one of the good guys . 
 and she had no idea whom else she could turn to , not in morganville . 
 brandon ? 
 right . 
 there was a good option . 
 `` tonight , '' she echoed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she stood up and walked out , feeling strangely cold . 
 eve looked up at her , frowned , and tried to come after her , but there were people crowding at the coffee bar , and claire hurried to the door and escaped before eve could corner her . 
 she did n't want to talk about it . 
 she was sickly certain she 'd just made a terrible mistake , but she did n't know what , or why , or how . 
 she was so caught up in it , lost in her own head and lulled by the hot safety of the sun , not to mention people on the streets , that she forgot not all the dangers came at night in morganville . 
 the first warning she had , in fact , was the low rumble of an engine , and then she was being knocked off-balance and stumbling against the sun-heated finish of a van door , which slid aside . 
 she was being pushed from one side , pulled from the other , and before she could do more than yelp , she was in the van , bodies were piling on top of her , and the van door slammed shut on the sun . 
 she slid on the carpeted floor as the van accelerated off , and heard whoops and laughter . 
 girls ' laughter . 
 somebody was kneeling on her chest , making it hard to breathe ; she tried to twist and throw her off , but it did n't work . 
 when she blinked away stars she saw that the person on top of her was gina , looking freshly made-up and fashion perfect , except for the sick gleam in her eyes . 
 monica was kneeling next to her , smiling a tight , cruel little smile . 
 jennifer was driving . 
 there were a couple of other girls in the van , too , ones she remembered from the basement confrontation at the dorm . 
 apparently , monica was still recruiting , and these two had made the cut to advanced psycho school . 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 claire yelled , and tried to bat at gina ; monica grabbed her hands and yanked them over her head , painfully hard . 
 `` bitch , get off ! '' 
 monica punched her in the stomach , driving out what little air she had , and claire whooped for breath . 
 gina 's weight made it incredibly hard to breathe . 
 could you kill somebody like this ? 
 smother a person like this ? 
 maybe if the victim was small ... like her ... the van was still going , taking her farther and farther away from safety . 
 `` you , '' monica said , leaning over her , `` really pissed me off , fish . 
 i do n't forget things like that . 
 neither does my boyfriend . '' 
 `` brandon ? '' 
 claire wheezed . 
 `` jeez , at least get one with a pulse ! '' 
 for that , she got punched again , and this time it hurt bad enough she started to cry , furious and helpless . 
 gina put a hand around her neck and began to squeeze . 
 not enough to kill her , just enough to hurt and make it even harder to gasp for precious little air . 
 they could keep this up for hours if they wanted . 
 but claire thought they probably had a lot more in store . 
 sure enough , monica reached in her pocket and brought out a lighter , one of those butane ones with a long , bright flame . 
 she brought it close to claire 's face . 
 `` we 're going to have a barbecue , '' she said . 
 `` roast freak . 
 if you live , you 're going to be hideous . 
 but you should n't worry about that , because you probably wo n't live , anyway . '' 
 claire screamed with whatever she had , which was n't much ; it startled monica , and it positively scared jennifer , who was driving ; she twisted to look back , turning the wheel while she did . 
 mistake . 
 the van careened to the right , and smashed into something solid . 
 claire flew through the air , with gina riding her like a magic carpet , crashed into the padded back of the seats , and monica and gina rolled in confusion as the van skidded to a stop . 
 claire shook off her panic and lunged for the van door . 
 she bailed out . 
 the van had plowed into the rear of another car , parked along the side , and car alarms were going off . 
 she felt dizzy and almost fell , then heard monica yelling furiously behind her . 
 that pulled her together , fast . 
 she began running . 
 this part of downtown was mostly deserted - shops closed , only a few pedestrians on the street . 
 none of them would look at her at all . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she yelled , and waved her arms . 
 `` help me ! 
 please - '' they all just kept walking , as if she were invisible . 
 she sobbed for a second in horror , and then pelted around the corner and skidded to a stop . 
 a church ! 
 she had n't seen a single one the entire time she 'd been in morganville , and there one was . 
 it was n't a big one - a modest white building , with a small-sized steeple . 
 no cross on it , but it was unmistakably a church . 
 she darted across the street , up the steps , and hit the doors at a run . 
 and bounced off . 
 they were locked . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she yelled , and rattled the doors . 
 `` no , come on , please ! '' 
 the sign on the door said that the church was open from sundown to midnight . 
 what the hell ... ? 
 she did n't dare think too much . 
 she jumped off the steps and ran around the side , then the back . 
 next to the dumpster there was a back door with a glass window in it . 
 it was locked , too . 
 she searched around and found a broken piece of wood , and swung it like a baseball bat . 
 crash ! 
 she scraped her arm reaching through the broken window for the lock , but she made it , and slammed the door behind her . 
 she locked it , frantically looked around , and found a piece of black poster board to prop against the blank space where the window had been . 
 hopefully , it would pass a quick glance . 
 she backed away , sweating , aching now from the crash and the run , and turned to go into the chapel . 
 it was unmistakably a chapel , with abstract stained-glass windows and long rows of gleaming wood pews , but there was no cross , no crucifix , no symbol of any kind . 
 the ultimate unitarian church , she guessed . 
 at least it was empty . 
 claire sank down on a pew midway back through the sanctuary and then stretched full length on the red velvet padding . 
 her heart was beating fast , so fast , and she was still so very scared . 
 nobody knew where she was . 
 and if she tried to leave , monica might ... they were going to burn me alive . 
 she shivered and wiped tears from her cheeks and tried to think , think of something she could do to get out of this . 
 maybe there was a phone . 
 she could call eve or shane ? 
 both of them , she decided . 
 eve for the car , shane for the bodyguard duty . 
 poor shane . 
 he was right - she really ought to stop calling him every time she needed brute strength . 
 did n't seem fair , somehow . 
 claire froze , unable to breathe , as she heard a soft noise in the chapel . 
 like fabric moving . 
 a bare whisper , maybe just a curtain moving in the air-conditioning breeze , right ? 
 or ... `` hello , '' said the very pale woman leaning over the pew and looking down on her . 
 `` you would be claire , i believe . '' 
 once the paralyzing terror receded just a little , claire finally placed her . 
 she knew she 'd seen her ; it had been just a split-second glance , but this was the woman - the vampire - who 'd been brought to common grounds in a limousine after closing time . 
 what was she doing in a church ? 
 claire slowly sat up , unable to take her eyes off of the woman , who was smiling slightly . 
 light filtered in softly from the stained-glass windows and gave her a golden glow . 
 `` i followed you , '' the woman said . 
 `` although in truth , i do like this church quite a bit . 
 very peaceful , do n't you think ? 
 a sacred place . 
 and one that grants those within it a certain ... immunity from danger . '' 
 claire licked her lips and tasted salt from sweat and tears . 
 `` you mean you wo n't kill me here . '' 
 the smile stayed intact . 
 if anything , it widened a little . 
 `` i mean exactly that , my dear . 
 the same goes for my guards , of course . 
 i assure you , they 're present . 
 i am never left alone . 
 it is part of the curse of the position i hold . '' 
 she smiled and tilted her head an elegant fraction . 
 everything about her was elegant , from the shining golden crown of her hair to the clothes she was wearing . 
 claire was n't much for noticing fashion , unless it was worn by girls kicking the crap out of her , but this outfit looked like something out of old formal photographs from her mother 's time . 
 or grandmother 's . 
 `` my name is amelie , '' the woman continued . 
 `` you are , in a sense , already acquainted with me , although you might not be aware of it . 
 please , child , do n't look so frightened . 
 i absolutely assure you that no harm will come to you with me . 
 i always give very clear warning before i do anything violent . '' 
 claire had no idea how to look any less frightened , but she clasped her hands in her lap to stop them from shaking . 
 amelie sighed . 
 `` you are very new to our town , '' she said , `` but i have rarely seen anyone disturb quite so many hornets in such a short time . 
 first monica , then brandon , and then i hear you turn to my dear oliver for advice ... and now i see you running for your life through my streets ... well , i find you interesting . 
 i find myself wondering about you , claire . 
 about who you are . 
 why you are . '' 
 `` i 'm - nobody , '' claire said . 
 `` and i 'm leaving town . 
 my parents are taking me out of school . '' 
 it suddenly seemed like a really good idea . 
 not so much running away as retreating . 
 `` are they ? 
 well , we 'll see . '' 
 amelie made a shrug seem like a foreign gesture . 
 `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` somebody important . '' 
 `` yes . 
 someone very important . '' 
 amelie 's eyes were steady in the dim light , of no real color - gray , maybe ? 
 or blue ? 
 it was n't color that made them powerful . 
 `` i am the oldest vampire in the world , my dear . 
 in a certain sense , i am the only vampire who matters . '' 
 she said it without any particular sense of pride . 
 `` although others may have differing opinions , of course . 
 but they would be sadly , and fatally , wrong . '' 
 `` i - i do n't understand . '' 
 `` no , i do not expect you to . '' 
 amelie leaned forward and put lean , elegant , white hands on the wooden pew in front of her , then rested her pointed chin on top of them . 
 `` somehow you have become mixed up in our search for the book . 
 i believe you know the one i mean . '' 
 `` i - uh - yes . '' 
 no way was she going to confess what she had sitting at home . 
 she 'd made that mistake once already . 
 `` i mean , i know about all the - '' `` vampires , '' amelie supplied helpfully . 
 `` it is not a secret , my dear . '' 
 `` vampires looking for it . '' 
 `` and you just happened to stumble into the operation at the library , in which we were combing through volumes to find it ? '' 
 claire blinked . 
 `` does it belong to you ? '' 
 `` in a way . 
 let 's say that it belongs to me as much as it belongs to anyone alive today . 
 if i am , strictly speaking , living . 
 the old word was undead , you know , but are n't all living things undead ? 
 i dislike imprecision . 
 i think we may have that in common , young lady . '' 
 amelie tilted her head a little to the side . 
 claire was reminded , with a chill , of a nature film . 
 a praying mantis studying its food-to-be . 
 `` vampire is such an old word . 
 i believe i shall commission the university to find another term , a more - what is the new saying ? 
 - user-friendly term for what we are . '' 
 `` i - what do you want ? '' 
 claire blurted . 
 and then , ridiculously , '' ... sorry . '' 
 because she knew it sounded rude , and however scary this vampire , or whatever , might be , she had n't been rude . 
 `` that 's quite all right . 
 you 're under a great deal of stress . 
 i shall forgive your breach of manners . 
 what i want is just the truth , child . 
 i want to know what you have found out about the book . '' 
 `` i - um , nothing . '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 in it , claire heard distant noises - somebody tugging on the front door of the church . 
 `` that 's unfortunate , '' amelie said quietly . 
 `` i had hoped i would be able to help you . 
 it appears that i can not . '' 
 `` um - that 's it ? 
 that 's all ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm afraid it is . '' 
 amelie sat back again , hands folded in her lap . 
 `` you may go the way you came . 
 i wish you luck , my dear . 
 you are going to need it . 
 unfortunately , mortal life is very fragile , and very short . 
 yours could be shorter than usual . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i ca n't help you if you have nothing to offer me . 
 there are rules to life in morganville . 
 i ca n't simply adopt strays because they seem winsome . 
 farewell , little claire . 
 godspeed . '' 
 claire had no idea what winsome meant , but she got the message . 
 whatever door had been opened - whether it led to good things or bad - had slammed shut on her now . 
 she stood up , wondering what to say , and decided that saying nothing might be the very best thing ... ... and she heard the back door crash open . 
 `` oh , crap , '' she whispered . 
 amelie looked at her in reproach . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` we are in a house of worship , '' she said severely . 
 `` really , did no one teach your generation any sort of manners ? '' 
 claire ducked behind a pew . 
 she heard fast footsteps , and then monica 's voice . 
 `` ma'am ! 
 i 'm sorry , i did n't know you were - '' `` but i am , '' amelie said coolly . 
 `` morrell , are n't you ? 
 i can never keep any of you straight . '' 
 `` monica . '' 
 `` how charming . '' 
 amelie 's voice changed from cool to ice-cold . 
 `` i 'll have to ask you to leave , miss morrell . 
 you do not belong here . 
 my seal is on this place . 
 you know the rules . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ma'am . 
 i did n't think - '' `` often the case , i suspect . 
 go . '' 
 `` but - there 's this girl - did she - ? '' 
 amelie 's voice turned to a hiss like sleet on a frozen window . 
 `` are you questioning me ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 no , so sorry , ma'am , it wo n't happen again , i 'm sorry ... '' monica 's voice was fading . 
 she was backing away , down the hall . 
 claire stayed where she was , trembling . 
 she almost screamed when amelie 's pale form rose up over the edge of the pew again and gazed down at her . 
 she had n't heard her move . 
 not at all . 
 `` i suggest you go straight home , little claire , '' amelie said . 
 `` i would take you there , but that would imply more than i think i can afford just now . 
 run , run home . 
 hurry , now . 
 and - if you have lied to me about the book , remember that many people might want such a valuable thing , and for many reasons . 
 be sure of why they want it before you give it over . '' 
 claire slowly took her hands away from her head and slid onto the seat of the pew , facing the vampire . 
 she was still scared , but amelie did n't seem ... well ... evil exactly . 
 just cold . 
 ice-cold . 
 and old . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` the book ? '' 
 amelie 's smile was as faded as old silk . 
 `` life , '' she said . 
 `` and death . 
 i can tell you no more . 
 it would n't be prudent . '' 
 the smile vanished , leaving behind only the chill . 
 `` i believe you really should go now . '' 
 claire bolted up and hurried away , checking over her shoulder every other step . 
 she saw other vampires coming out - she had n't spotted them , not a one of them . 
 one of them was john , from the library . 
 he grinned at her , not in a friendly way . 
 one of his eyes was milky white . 
 she ran . 
 wherever monica and her friends had gone , it was n't the way claire ran - and run she did , the whole way to lot street . 
 her lungs were burning by the time she turned the corner , and she was nearly in tears with gratitude at the sight of the big old house . 
 and shane , sitting on the front steps . 
 he stood up , not saying a word , and she threw herself at him ; he caught her and held her close for a few seconds , then pushed her back for a survey of damage . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` you told me not to go . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he nodded , looking grim . 
 `` inside . '' 
 once she was in , with the door safely locked , she babbled out the whole story . 
 monica , the van , the lighter , the church , the vampire . 
 he did n't ask any questions . 
 in fact , he did n't even blink . 
 she ran out of words , and he just looked at her , expressionless . 
 `` you , '' he finally said , `` had better like the inside of your room , because i 'm locking you in there , and i 'm not letting you out until your parents come to load you in the car . '' 
 `` shane - '' `` i mean it . 
 no more bullshit , claire . 
 you 're staying alive no matter what i have to do . '' 
 he sounded flatly furious . 
 `` now . 
 you need to tell me about michael . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i mean it , claire . 
 tell me , right now . 
 because i ca n't find him anywhere , and you know what ? 
 i can never find him during the day - damn ! 
 did you feel that ? '' 
 she did . 
 a cold spot , sweeping across her skin . 
 michael , trying to tell her something . 
 probably hell no , do n't tell him . 
 `` we ca n't get through this if we 're not straight with each other . '' 
 shane 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed . 
 `` is he - you know - one of them ? 
 'cause i need to know that . '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` no , he 's not . '' 
 shane closed his eyes and slumped against the wall , hands to both sides of his head . 
 `` god , thank you . 
 i was going nuts . 
 i thought - i mean , it 's one thing to be a night person , but michael - i was - i thought - '' `` wait , '' claire said , and took a deep breath . 
 cold settled over her again - michael , trying to stop her . 
 she ignored it . 
 `` quit it , michael . 
 he needs to know . '' 
 shane took his hands away from his head and looked around , then frowned at her . 
 `` michael 's not here . 
 i checked . 
 i searched the damn place from top to bottom . '' 
 `` yes , he is . 
 cold spot . '' 
 she held out her hand and waved it through the refrigerated air . 
 `` i figure he 's standing ... right here . '' 
 she looked at her watch . 
 `` he 'll be back in about two hours , when the sun goes down . 
 you can see him then . '' 
 `` what in the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` michael . 
 he 's a ghost . '' 
 `` oh , come on ! 
 bullshit ! 
 the dude sits here and eats dinner with us ! '' 
 she shrugged , threw up her hands , and walked away . 
 `` you wanted to know . 
 fine . 
 now you know . 
 and by the way ? 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` what do you mean , he 's a ghost ? '' 
 shane caught up with her , came around her , and blocked her path . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 ghost ? 
 he 's as real as i am ! '' 
 `` sometimes , '' she agreed . 
 `` ask him . 
 better yet , watch him at dawn . 
 and then tell me what he is , because ghost is about all i know to call him . 
 the thing is , he ca n't leave the house , shane . 
 he ca n't help us . 
 he 's stuck here , and during the day , he ca n't even talk to us . 
 he just - drifts . '' 
 she batted away the cold air again . 
 `` stop it , michael . 
 i know you 're pissed . 
 but he needs to know . '' 
 `` claire ! '' 
 shane grabbed her and shook her out of sheer frustration . 
 `` you 're talking to thin air ! '' 
 `` whatever . 
 let go , i 've got things to do . '' 
 `` what things ? '' 
 `` packing ! '' 
 she pulled free and went upstairs , two steps at a time . 
 shane always slammed his door when he was mad ; she tried it out . 
 it helped . 
 the cold spot followed her . 
 `` dammit , michael , get out of my room , you pervert ! '' 
 could you even be a pervert if you were dead ? 
 she supposed you could , if you had a working body half the time . 
 `` i swear , i 'm going to start taking my clothes off ! '' 
 the cold spot stayed resolutely put until she got the hem of her t-shirt all the way up to her bra line , and then faded away . 
 `` chicken , '' she said , and paced the room , back and forth . 
 worried and more than a little scared . 
 shane pounded on the door , but she stretched out on her bed , put a pillow over her face , and pretended not to hear him . 
 dusk came , pulling a blue gauze over the sky ; she watched the sun sink halfway down the horizon , then unlocked her door and stormed out . 
 shane was just coming out of michael 's bedroom . 
 still looking for someone he was n't going to find . 
 not the way he thought , anyway . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 claire yelled from her end , and felt the cold settle around her like an icy blanket . 
 shane spun around , and she felt the mist gather , thick and heavy , and then she actually saw it , a faint gray shape in the air ... eve 's door flew open . 
 `` what in the hell is going on around here ? '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` could you guys keep it down to aircraft-carrier noise ? '' 
 ... and then michael just ... appeared . 
 midway between all three of them , forming right out of a thick gray heavy mist , taking on color and weight . 
 eve screamed . 
 michael collapsed to his hands and knees , retching . 
 he fell on his side , then rolled over to stare up at the ceiling . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he gasped , and just stayed there , fighting for breath . 
 his eyes looked wet and terrified , and claire realized that it was like this for him every day . 
 every night . 
 frightening beyond anything she could even imagine . 
 claire looked down the hall at shane . 
 he was frozen in place , mouth open , looking like a cartoon of himself . 
 eve , too , from her angle . 
 claire walked over , held out a hand to michael , and said , `` well , i guess that settles things . '' 
 he gave her a filthy , wordless look , and took her hand to pull himself up . 
 he staggered and leaned against the wall for support , shaking his head when she tried to help . 
 `` in a minute , '' he said . 
 `` takes a lot out of you . '' 
 eve said , in a high , squeaky , airless voice , `` the ghost ! 
 you 're the ghost miranda was talking about ! 
 oh my god , michael , you 're the ghost ! 
 you bastard ! '' 
 he nodded , still concentrating on breathing . 
 eve got control of her voice and squealed , `` that is without a doubt the coolest damn thing i have ever seen in my entire life ! '' 
 shane looked ... pale . 
 pale and shaken and - how predictable was this ? 
 - pissed . 
 michael met his eyes , and the two of them looked at each other for a long , silent second before shane said , `` this is why you asked me to come back . '' 
 `` i - '' michael coughed . 
 when he sagged this time , eve threw his arm around her shoulders . 
 he looked surprised , then pleased . 
 `` not just because - '' `` i get it , '' shane said . 
 `` i get it , man . 
 i do . 
 what the hell happened while i was gone ? '' 
 michael just shook his head . 
 `` later . '' 
 no , it was n't that shane was pissed after all , claire realized . 
 he turned away and pounded down the stairs before she could say anything , but she 'd seen his eyes . 
 she knew . 
 he lost alyssa . 
 now he thinks he 's lost michael , too . 
 she did n't know how that felt , not really ; she could imagine , but she was - she knew it - sheltered . 
 she 'd never really lost anybody , not even a grandparent . 
 grief was something in tv shows , in movies , in books . 
 she had no idea what to say to him . 
 she 'd thought that he 'd just take it in stride , the way shane seemed to take things , but ... `` claire , '' michael said . 
 `` do n't let him leave . '' 
 she nodded and left eve supporting michael in the hallway , the two of them looking surprisingly comfortable with the whole living-dead-not-dead thing . 
 she supposed that if a ghost had to have a girlfriend , well , eve was just about the best choice there was . 
 shane was standing downstairs , just ... standing . 
 not paying much attention to her or anything else . 
 she reached out , ready to tap him on the shoulder , let him know she was here even if she was no help at all , but just then , there was a knock on the front door . 
 `` i swear to god , if that 's miranda - , '' he grated . 
 his fists were clenched at his sides . 
 `` no , i think it 's for me , '' claire said , and darted around him to run down the hallway . 
 she checked the peephole first , and sure enough , there was oliver , standing on the doorstep and looking uncomfortable . 
 she supposed he had good reason ... jeez , hanging around anywhere after dark in morganville had to be like hanging an eat me sign on your back . 
 she unlocked the door and swung it open . 
 `` i do n't have a lot of time , '' he said . 
 `` where are they ? 
 shane and eve ? '' 
 `` inside , '' she said , and pulled it open wider , the universal signal for come in . 
 he did n't . 
 he held up a hand instead , waved it in the air in front of him with a puzzled frown . 
 `` oliver ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you 'll have to ask me in , '' he said . 
 `` it seems this house has some very detailed protections in place . 
 i ca n't come in unless you ask . '' 
 `` oh . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 she was about to ask him inside when it occurred to her that maybe it was n't the best idea , just asking people in without okaying it with the rest of the glass house first . 
 especially since she was living here only another day . 
 `` um , can you wait just a second ? '' 
 `` no , claire , i really ca n't , '' oliver said impatiently . 
 he was still wearing the hippie gear from common grounds , but somehow he looked ... different . 
 odd . 
 `` please invite me in . 
 i do n't have time to wait . '' 
 `` but i - '' `` claire , i ca n't help you if you wo n't trust me ! 
 now quickly , before it 's too late , let me in ! '' 
 `` but i - '' she pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` all right . 
 i invite you - '' `` no ! '' 
 it was a roar from behind her , absolutely terrifying , and she threw herself to one side and covered her mouth with both hands to hold in her scream . 
 it was n't shane bearing down on her ; it was michael . 
 shane was behind him , and eve . 
 `` claire , get back ! '' 
 michael looked like an avenging angel , and nobody argued with angels . 
 claire scurried backward , still holding her hands over her mouth , as michael strode past her , right up to the doorway . 
 the edge of his territory . 
 oliver looked disappointed but , she saw , not particularly surprised . 
 `` ah , michael . 
 good to see you again . 
 i see you 're surviving nicely . '' 
 michael did n't say anything , but from claire 's vantage point to the side , she saw the look he was giving oliver , and it frightened her . 
 she had n't thought michael could get that angry . 
 `` what do you want here ? '' 
 he asked tightly . 
 oliver sighed . 
 `` i know you wo n't believe me , '' he said , `` but in truth , i had the best interests of your young friend at heart . '' 
 michael laughed bitterly . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll bet . '' 
 `` also your friend shane - '' oliver 's eyes darted past michael to lock on shane , then eve . 
 `` and of course my dear sweet eve . 
 such a fine employee . '' 
 michael turned slowly to look at eve , whose eyes were wide with what claire hoped was horror . 
 or at least confusion . 
 `` you know each other ? '' 
 eve blurted . 
 `` but - michael , you said you did n't know oliver , and - '' `` i did n't , '' michael said , and turned back , `` until he killed me . 
 we were never formally introducted . '' 
 `` yes , '' oliver said , and shrugged . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 nothing personal about it ; it was an experiment of sorts that did n't quite work out . 
 but i 'm pleased to see you survived , even if not quite in the form that i 'd hoped . '' 
 michael made a sound claire hoped never to hear again from any person , living or dead . 
 it was eve 's turn to clap her hands over her mouth , then quickly take them away to yell , `` oh my god ! 
 oliver ! '' 
 `` we can discuss my moral shortcomings later , '' he said . 
 `` for now , you need to let me inside this house , and as quickly as possible . '' 
 `` you have got to be kidding , '' michael said . 
 `` i think one of us dead in here is good enough . 
 i 'm not letting you in to kill the rest . '' 
 oliver studied him silently for a long moment . 
 `` i 'd hoped to be able to avoid this , '' he finally said . 
 `` your little claire is quite the prodigy , you know . 
 she says she 's found the book . 
 i think she has quite a promising future in morganville ... provided she survives the night . '' 
 michael looked like he wanted to vomit . 
 his eyes darted to claire , then away . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 go away . 
 nobody 's asking you in . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 oliver smiled widely , and his fangs came down with lazy slowness . 
 that was absolutely the scariest thing claire had ever seen , that and the sincerity in his eyes . 
 `` i think someone will . 
 sooner or later . '' 
 `` i 'd say over my dead body , but i think you already made that point , '' michael snapped . 
 `` thanks for the visit . 
 now fuck off , man . '' 
 he started to close the door . 
 oliver held up a hand - not like he was trying to stop him physically , just a warning - and his fangs folded up to leave his face kind and trustworthy again . 
 like ... the face of a really cool teacher , the kind who made school worth living through . 
 that , claire thought , was a bigger betrayal than anything else . 
 `` wait . 
 do they understand why they 're here , michael ? 
 why you risked exposing your secrets to them ? '' 
 michael did n't stop . 
 the door was swinging closed on oliver . 
 `` shane , listen to me ! 
 michael needed someone living to activate the house protection ! 
 you think he cares about you , he does n't ! 
 you 're just arms and legs for him ! 
 beating hearts ! 
 he 's no different from me ! '' 
 `` except for the not-bloodsucking part , you freak ! '' 
 shane yelled , and then the door slammed shut on oliver 's face . 
 michael threw the bolt with shaking fingers . 
 `` christ , man . 
 why did n't you tell us ? '' 
 `` i - about what ? '' 
 michael asked , not turning to face him . 
 he looked pale , claire saw . 
 scared . 
 `` any damn thing ! 
 how did this happen , michael ? 
 how did you get to be - ? '' 
 shane made a gesture that was vague enough to mean anything . 
 `` was he trying to , you know , vamp you out ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 it did n't work . 
 this is as far as i got . '' 
 michael swallowed hard and turned to face him . 
 `` he 's right about the protections . 
 the house wo n't enforce any protection unless there 's someone living in it . 
 i do n't exactly count . 
 i 'm - part of it now . 
 i did need you . '' 
 `` whatever , man . 
 i do n't care about that . 
 i care that you went and got yourself drained by some damn leech while my back was turned - '' `` he ca n't be a vampire , '' eve said suddenly . 
 `` he ca n't . 
 he 's my boss ! 
 and ... and he works days ! 
 how is that even possible ? '' 
 `` ask him , '' michael said . 
 `` next time you go to work . '' 
 `` oh , right , as if i did n't just quit that job ! '' 
 eve moved up beside michael and put her arms around him . 
 he hugged her back , like it was the most natural thing in the world . 
 like they 'd been doing that all along - which , claire admitted , maybe they had and she just had n't known . 
 michael stroked eve 's hair . 
 `` god , i am so sorry ! '' 
 `` not your fault , '' he said . 
 `` not anybody 's fault except his . '' 
 `` how 'd you - ? '' 
 `` i played a set at common grounds . 
 i did n't know he owned the place . 
 i was dealing with a guy named chad - '' `` oh . 
 right . 
 chad died , '' eve said . 
 `` wonder how that happened ? '' 
 shane put in acidly . 
 `` this guy - oliver , but i never knew his name - said he was a musician and he was looking for a room to rent . 
 i thought it was a good idea . 
 he came over to see the house . '' 
 michael closed his eyes tight , like he could n't bear to see the pictures in his head again . 
 not that it would help , claire knew . 
 `` as soon as i asked him in . 
 i felt it . 
 but it was too late , and - he had friends . '' 
 shane cursed , one harsh word that boomed off the wood floor like a gunshot , and leaned back against the wall , head down . 
 slumped . 
 `` i should have been here , '' he said . 
 `` then we 'd both be dead . '' 
 `` and you still will be , '' said oliver 's voice through the door . 
 `` eve , my dear . 
 listen to me . 
 listen to my voice . 
 let me in . '' 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 michael roared , and turned to face the door . 
 claire saw something happen in eve 's face - the will go out of it , the light go out of her eyes . 
 oh no , she thought , frozen , and tried to open her mouth to warn michael . 
 before she could do it , eve said , `` yes , oliver . 
 come inside . '' 
 claire did n't even see michael move ; he was that quick . 
 until that moment she 'd thought he was just a normal guy , really ... okay , one who disappeared into mist during the day . 
 but nobody moved that fast . 
 nobody human . 
 and nobody was that strong , either . 
 michael grabbed oliver by the shoulders , lifted him into the air , and launched him headfirst down the hall to crash into the far wall . 
 claire dived out of the way . 
 so did shane , and eve , although eve was diving toward oliver , not away . 
 shane got hold of her ankle and dragged her backward , kicking and screaming . 
 michael went after oliver . 
 as the vampire was rolling to his feet , michael smashed into him . 
 oliver was strong , and fast , but in this house michael was unstoppable , and he was really , really angry . 
 `` you fool ! '' 
 oliver screamed at him . 
 `` do you understand what i said ? 
 claire has the book ! '' 
 `` i do n't care ! '' 
 `` you have to care ! 
 if you do n't give it over , they 'll rip all of you apart to get it ! 
 i 'm trying to save you ! '' 
 michael slammed his fist into his face two or three times , quicker than claire could blink . 
 oliver went down again , scrabbling at the floor , then rolled over and stared furiously through tangled graying hair up at them . 
 vampires bled , after all , but it did n't quite look right - not red enough , and too thick . 
 it trickled from the corners of oliver 's mouth as he snarled , fangs down , and tried to drag michael close enough to bite . 
 michael hit him so hard that one of the fangs broke off and skittered away across the floor like an ivory dagger . 
 oliver shouted in surprise and pain and rolled , trying to protect himself . 
 `` eve ! '' 
 michael yelled , and dragged him by one foot down the hallway toward the door . 
 `` revoke the invitation ! 
 do it ! '' 
 oliver was fighting him wildly now , ripping long raw scratches in the wooden floor with his fingernails , snarling and twisting to get free . 
 `` eve ! '' 
 shane lunged for eve , pulled her to her feet , and shook her hard . 
 that did n't work . 
 she just stared right past him , her face still and dead . 
 claire moved him out of the way and slapped eve hard . 
 eve yelped , clapped a hand to her wounded cheek , and blinked . 
 `` hey ! 
 what the hell ... ? '' 
 and then she looked past claire to the furious battle going on in the hallway , lips parted in amazement . 
 `` eve ! '' 
 michael yelled again . 
 `` the invitation ! 
 you have to withdraw it now ! '' 
 `` but i did n't - '' eve did n't waste time arguing . 
 `` hey ! 
 oliver ! 
 get the hell out of our house ! '' 
 oliver went still . 
 completely still , like a dead man . 
 michael picked him up by an arm and a leg , and threw him out into the dark . 
 claire heard the vampire hit the pavement outside and curse as he rolled back to his feet and came back at the door . 
 he bounced off a solid cushion of air in the doorway . 
 `` you 're not welcome , '' michael grated . 
 he had a cut on his face , bleeding a thick thread down the side of his neck , and he was breathing hard . 
 `` and by the way ? 
 eve quits . '' 
 he slammed the door in oliver 's snarling face , and collapsed against it , shaking . 
 he did n't look all-powerful anymore . 
 he looked terrified . 
 `` michael ? '' 
 eve asked , breathless . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` peachy , '' he said , and got it together . 
 `` eve , stay away from the door . 
 he got to you once ; maybe he can do it again . 
 claire ! 
 you , too . 
 stay away from the door . '' 
 he grabbed her by the arm and pulled her down the hall - which was a mess , wow , the floor all ripped up , the walls scraped and scratched - and shoved her down to a sitting position on the couch . 
 `` claire . '' 
 `` um ... yes ? '' 
 things were moving too fast . 
 she did n't know what he was waiting to hear . 
 `` the book ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . 
 well - see , there was this floor in the library where they were going through books , and professor wilson was stealing things , and - '' he held up a hand to stop her . 
 `` do you have the book ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` please tell me you did n't bring it here . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` well - yes . '' 
 michael fell into the armchair , leaned forward , and buried his face in his hands . 
 `` sweet baby jesus , do you not pay any attention to what goes on in this town ? 
 you really have the book ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 guess so . '' 
 she got up and started to retrieve it , but he raised his head and grabbed her wrist as she moved by him . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` leave it , wherever it is . 
 the less we know , the better . 
 we need to figure out what we 're going to do , because oliver was n't kidding around . 
 he would n't have come here if he had n't intended to kill us all for that book . 
 as it was , he took a big chance . 
 he knows how powerful the protection is on this house . '' 
 `` that how come you could beat him ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` because you know , i 'm your best friend , but you 're just not that badass , man . '' 
 `` thanks , asshole . 
 yeah . 
 i 'm part of the house , and that means i can use what the house has . 
 it 's strong . 
 really strong . '' 
 `` good to know . 
 so what 's the plan ? '' 
 michael took in a deep breath , then let it out . 
 `` wait for daylight , '' he said . 
 `` eve . 
 you ever see oliver outside in the sun ? '' 
 `` um ... '' she thought hard . 
 `` no . 
 mostly he stays in his office , or in the bar area , away from the windows . 
 but i did n't think vampires could be awake during the day ! '' 
 claire thought about the church monica had chased her into , and the elegant , ancient woman sitting in the pews . 
 `` i think they can , '' she said . 
 `` if they 're old . 
 he must be really old . '' 
 `` i do n't care how old he is - he 's not tanning , '' shane said . 
 `` we wait for dawn , and then we get claire and the book out of here . '' 
 `` she ca n't go home . 
 they 'll go there first , '' eve said . 
 claire went cold . 
 `` but - my parents ! 
 what about my parents ? '' 
 nobody answered her for a second or two , and then shane came and sat down next to her . 
 `` you think they 'll listen ? 
 if we tell them the truth ? '' 
 `` what , about morganville ? 
 about vampires ? '' 
 she laughed , and it sounded hysterical . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 they 'd never believe it ! '' 
 `` besides , '' eve said , and sat down on her other side to take her hand , `` even if you convinced them , they 'd forget all about it once they were out of town . 
 it 's hard to be paranoid when you do n't remember they 're out to get you . '' 
 `` ouch , '' shane agreed . 
 `` okay , then . 
 running 's out - for one thing , we ca n't throw claire 's parents to the vampire wolves ... right ? '' 
 michael and eve nodded . 
 `` and besides , same problem for claire . 
 even if we got her out of town , she 'd forget why she was running . 
 they 'd catch her . '' 
 more nods . 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 `` trade the book , '' claire said . 
 they all looked at her . 
 `` what ? 
 i was going to , anyway . 
 in exchange for some things . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 michael asked , amazed . 
 `` like - brandon not holding shane to his deal . 
 and monica and her freaks backing off of me . 
 and ... protection for all the dorms on campus , so that the students are safe . '' 
 she blushed , because they were all staring at her like they 'd never seen her before . 
 `` that 's how oliver knew i had the book . 
 i messed up . 
 i was trying to make a deal , but i thought he was just , you know , a good guy who could help . 
 i did n't know he was one of the vampires . '' 
 `` oh , he 's not one of them , '' michael said . 
 `` he is them . '' 
 shane frowned . 
 `` how do you know that , man ? '' 
 `` because in a way i 'm one of them , '' michael replied . 
 `` and something in me wants to do what he says . '' 
 `` but - not a big part , right ? '' 
 eve ventured . 
 `` no . 
 but he 's definitely in charge . '' 
 shane got up and walked to the windows , twitched back the curtain , and looked out . 
 `` no kidding , '' he said . 
 `` what 've you got ? '' 
 `` vamp city , man . 
 check it out . '' 
 michael joined him at the window , then eve . 
 when claire squeezed in , she gasped , because there were dozens of people in view , all standing or sitting facing the house . 
 unnaturally still . 
 eve dashed to another set of windows . 
 `` same here ! '' 
 she called . 
 `` hang on ! '' 
 `` shane , '' michael said , and jerked his head after her . 
 shane loped off in pursuit . 
 `` well , so much for sneaking out . 
 i think we 're here for the night , at least . 
 most of them have to go underground during the day . 
 those that do n't wo n't be able to stay out in direct sunlight - i hope - so maybe we 'll have more options then . '' 
 `` michael - '' claire felt like crying . 
 `` i did n't know . 
 i thought i was doing something good . 
 i really did . '' 
 he put his arm around her . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 it might have been a dumb idea , but at least it was a sweet one . '' 
 he kissed her cheek . 
 `` better get some rest . 
 and if you hear voices , try not to listen . 
 they 're going to be testing us . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said quietly . 
 `` but we 'll think of something . '' 
 claire curled up on the corner of the couch , piled under an afghan ; eve took the other end . 
 nobody felt much like going upstairs to bed . 
 shane paced a lot , talking in low whispers with michael , who had n't once gotten out his guitar . 
 the two of them looked wired . 
 ready for anything . 
 claire did n't mean to fall asleep - she thought she was too scared - but she did , eventually , as night spun on toward morning . 
 voices whispered to her - michael 's , she thought , and then shane 's . 
 get up , the voices said . 
 get up and open the door . 
 open the window . 
 let us in . 
 we can help you if you 'll just let us in . 
 she whimpered in her sleep , sweaty and sick , and felt shane 's hand on her forehead . 
 `` claire . '' 
 she opened her eyes and saw him sitting there next to her . 
 he looked tired . 
 `` you 're having a nightmare . '' 
 `` do n't i wish , '' she muttered , tried to swallow , and discovered she was burning-up thirsty . 
 she felt feverish and weak , too . 
 well , this was a perfect time to be catching the flu ... `` michael ! '' 
 oliver 's voice came faint through the front door . 
 `` something you should see , my boy ! 
 look out your windows ! '' 
 `` trap , '' shane said instantly , and reached out to grab michael 's arm as he walked by . 
 `` do n't , man . '' 
 `` what 's he going to do ? 
 make faces at me ? '' 
 `` if you start doing what he wants , it 's hard to stop . 
 just do n't . '' 
 michael considered that for a few seconds , then pulled away and went on to the windows . 
 where he stared out , frowning . 
 there were red and blue flashing lights shining on the glass and reflecting on his skin . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 claire asked , and got up . 
 `` hey ! 
 seriously , guys . 
 quit playing their game - '' `` cops , '' michael said . 
 he sounded blank and shocked . 
 `` they 've got the whole street blocked off . 
 they 're moving people out . '' 
 `` what people ? 
 the vampires ? '' 
 eve wanted to know . 
 she piled on at the window , too . 
 `` sheesh , '' shane said grumpily . 
 `` fine . 
 do n't listen to me . 
 if a vampire tells you to jump off a cliff ... '' `` they 're evacuating the neighborhood , '' michael said . 
 `` getting rid of witnesses . '' 
 `` oh , shit , '' shane said , and jumped up and craned to look over claire 's shoulder . 
 `` so just how screwed are we ? '' 
 `` well , the cops are n't vampires . 
 and the protections wo n't keep them out . '' 
 as claire watched , the six police cars , all with their lights running in bloodred and vein blue flashes , were joined by two long , skeletal fire trucks . 
 one at each end of the block . 
 michael said nothing , but his eyes narrowed . 
 `` oh , shit ! '' 
 shane whispered . 
 `` they would n't . '' 
 `` yeah , '' michael said . 
 `` i think they would . 
 if this book is that important , i think they 'd do just about anything to get it . '' 
 oliver 's face suddenly popped up in front of the window . 
 they all screamed - even michael - and jumped back . 
 shane tried to push claire behind him . 
 she smacked at him until he left her alone . 
 she wanted to hear what oliver had to say . 
 `` it 's nearly five o'clock , '' oliver said , his voice muffled by the window glass . 
 `` we 're running out of time , michael . 
 either invite me in and give me the book , or i 'm afraid this is going to get unpleasant . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 claire balled her hands into fists . 
 `` i want to trade for it ! '' 
 his eyes weighed her , and dismissed her . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , my dear , but that opportunity has come and gone . 
 we 're in much rougher waters now . 
 either hand over the book , or we 'll come in and get it . 
 i promise you , this is the best deal you 're likely to get this side of hell . '' 
 michael yanked down the shade . 
 `` shane . 
 you , eve , and claire get into the pantry room . 
 move it . '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 eve declared . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you ! '' 
 he took her hand and locked eyes with her , in a way that made claire 's knees go weak even at several feet away . 
 `` they ca n't hurt me , except by hurting the house itself . 
 they ca n't kill me , except by destroying the house . 
 understand ? 
 you guys are the vulnerable ones . 
 and i want you safe . '' 
 he kissed her hand , darted a self-conscious look at claire and shane , and then kissed her lips , too . 
 `` huh , '' shane said . 
 `` thought so . '' 
 he took claire 's hand . 
 `` michael 's right . 
 better get you girls someplace safe . '' 
 `` you , too , shane , '' said michael . 
 `` no way ! '' 
 `` not the time to be proving anything , dude . 
 just take care of them . 
 i can take care of myself . '' 
 maybe , claire thought . 
 and maybe he just wanted them out of the way in case he could n't . 
 either way , she did n't have a chance to protest . 
 shane steered her and eve into the kitchen , loaded them down with water and prepackaged food like pop-tarts and energy bars , and helped them stack things in the dark , gloomy hiding place where claire had spent her first morning in the glass house . 
 she did n't know if shane really might have followed michael 's orders - it was possible , she guessed - but just as they were pushing the last of the supplies into the narrow little doorway , there was a loud crashing of glass from the living room . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 shane blurted , and ducked out to see what was going on . 
 claire went after him , and when she looked back , eve was following , too . 
 but they did n't get very far , because the kitchen window smashed into splinters , and claire and eve stopped and turned to look . 
 oliver was standing just outside the window . 
 they heard more glass breaking , all over the house . 
 `` girls , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry to do this . 
 truly i am . 
 but you 're not giving me much choice . 
 last chance . 
 invite me in , and this can end peacefully . '' 
 `` bite me ! '' 
 eve taunted . 
 `` oh , wait ... you ca n't , can you ? 
 not from way out there ! '' 
 his eyes flared , and his fangs snapped down . 
 threat display . 
 that was what it was called when a rattlesnake shook its tail , or a cobra spread its hood . 
 he was giving them a clear sign that he did n't find them very funny . 
 `` the book , '' he said . 
 `` or your lives . 
 that 's the only deal you 're going to get , claire . 
 i suggest you make the right choice quickly . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' eve said . 
 `` they ca n't come inside . '' 
 oliver nodded , his faded , curling hair blowing in the hot night wind . 
 `` that 's true , '' he said . 
 `` but then , i 'm hardly all alone . '' 
 and he stepped aside as a policeman , in uniform , broke out the remaining glass with a nightstick and hopped up on the windowsill to climb through . 
 eve and claire screamed and ran . 
 the living room was a mess of broken furniture , scattered papers , struggling bodies - shane punched out some guy in a black jacket , who flew back out of the window and into the arms of some waiting , snarling vampires . 
 michael was fighting a couple more , whom he just bodily picked up and threw out . 
 as eve and claire skidded into the room and broke right and left , the cop in pursuit ran headlong into michael and got tossed out , as well . 
 `` they 're coming in ! '' 
 eve screamed , and slammed the kitchen door and jammed a chair under the handle . 
 michael grabbed the nearest bookcase - not the one with the bible on it , claire saw - and pulled it over to block the window , then leaned the sofa against it . 
 `` upstairs ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` move it ! '' 
 shane grabbed claire by the hand and pounded up the steps , half dragging her ; she missed a step and stumbled , and pulled him off-balance just at the right moment , because the bat that was swung at his head missed and thumped into the wall with a crack of wood . 
 another person hiding at the top of the stairs , this one female and tall . 
 shane grabbed the bat away from her and menaced her with it , driving her back down the hallway . 
 claire recognized her - one of the dorm girls , lillian . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 lillian yelled , and put up her arms when shane pulled back the bat . 
 `` hell , '' shane spit in disgust . 
 `` i ca n't hit a girl . 
 here , claire . 
 you hit her . '' 
 he tossed her the bat . 
 claire grabbed it and came to a clumsy batting stance , wishing she 'd paid more attention in phys ed . 
 lillian screamed again and ran into the open doorway of eve 's room . 
 eve , coming up the stairs , screamed , too , for different reasons . 
 `` hey ! 
 that 's my room , bitch ! '' 
 and she flew in to grab lillian by the hair , swing her around , and throw her out into the hall , then shoved her toward the stairs . 
 `` michael ! 
 this one needs to go out ! '' 
 she shoved her again . 
 lillian tottered down the steps , and shrieked once more before leaving the building at speed , propelled by michael-power . 
 `` check the rooms , '' shane panted . 
 `` if one got in , there are probably more . 
 do n't take chances . 
 yell for help . '' 
 claire nodded and hurried to her room . 
 it looked quiet , thank god - the windows were unbroken , and there was no sign of anybody hiding in the closets or under the bed . 
 same for the bathroom , although she had a bad shower-curtain moment . 
 she heard crashing from down the hall . 
 shane had found somebody . 
 she ran out into the hall and started to come to his defense , then hesitated when she saw that eve 's door was now open a crack . 
 she 'd left it closed . 
 she opened it slowly , as silently as she could , and peeked around the edge ... ... and saw eve up against the wall , and miranda holding a knife at eve 's throat . 
 she recognized the bruises and bite marks on her neck first , then the faded blue eyes as the girl 's head turned toward her . 
 `` do n't , '' miranda said . 
 `` i have to do this . 
 charles says i need to . 
 to make the visions stop . 
 i want it to stop , claire . 
 you understand , right ? '' 
 `` let her go , miranda , okay ? 
 please ? '' 
 claire swallowed hard and stepped into the room . 
 she could hear fighting from down the hall . 
 shane and michael were busy . 
 `` you do n't want to hurt eve . 
 she 's your friend ! '' 
 `` it 's too much , '' miranda said . 
 `` so many people dying , and i ca n't do anything . 
 charles said he 'd make it go away . 
 all i have to do is - '' `` what ? 
 kill eve ? 
 really , do n't - you do n't want to - to do anything - '' panicked , she looked to eve for help . 
 one thing was for sure : the pallor in eve 's face was n't makeup . 
 `` yeah , '' eve said faintly . 
 `` i 'm your friend , mir . 
 you know that . '' 
 miranda shook her head so hard her dark hair flew . 
 the knife trembled against eve 's throat , and she squeezed her eyes shut , whispering something that sounded like , `` charles , '' and when she opened her eyes again she looked different . 
 not scared . 
 focused . 
 she 's going to do something . 
 i need to - claire did n't have time to figure it out ; she just moved , because eve was moving , her arm flashing up and smacking miranda 's elbow . 
 in the second that the knife was away from eve 's throat , claire grabbed a thick handful of miranda 's hair and yanked , hard , dragging her backward . 
 miranda shrieked and slashed wildly at them . 
 eve 's upraised arm got a bloody cut , and claire moved backward , gasping , holding on to miranda 's hair and trying to stay out of cutting range . 
 miranda swept the knife around and cut off the clump of hair a couple of inches away from claire 's knuckles . 
 ohno ... miranda lunged at her , knife held out , and claire ran into the black bedside table , toppled over onto the black satin comforter , and saw the knife coming for her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 eve screamed , and spun miranda around and slapped her , hard , across the face . 
 twice . 
 when miranda tried to stab her , eve smacked the girl 's hand into the wall and twisted her wrist until miranda 's fist opened and the knife dropped to the wood floor . 
 miranda started crying . 
 it was a hopeless , helpless sound , and if claire had n't been angry-scared , she might have actually felt sorry for her . 
 `` no , no , i do n't want to see it anymore , i do n't want to - he said he 'd make it stop - '' eve grabbed her by the arm , opened up the closet door , and stuffed miranda inside , then jammed a wooden chair under the door handle to hold it shut . 
 she looked furious and really , really hurt . 
 her arm was bleeding all over the place - not spurting , but flowing pretty freely . 
 claire grabbed up a black towel lying on the bureau and pressed the makeshift bandage to the wound ; eve blinked , like she 'd forgotten all about it , and held it in place . 
 `` maybe she was just under his spell . 
 like you were , when you - '' okay , maybe it had n't been smart to bring that up , claire thought . 
 `` that 's why i slapped her , '' eve said . 
 `` but i do n't think that 's it . 
 miranda 's always been crazy . 
 i just thought - well , i thought she was n't that crazy . '' 
 eve looked better . 
 more color in her face , anyway ... and then claire thought , no , she looked too good . 
 claire 's eyes turned to the broken window . 
 outside , there was a slight edge of sunlight climbing above the horizon , and the sky had turned a deep blue gray . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 she blurted . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 she left eve and ran into the hall . 
 shane was just coming out of his room , shaking out his right hand . 
 his knuckles were bloody . 
 `` where 's michael ? '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` downstairs , '' he said . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 claire realized with a shock that somehow she was still holding the handful of miranda 's severed hair . 
 she made a face and let go , then fluttered her hand to shake off the clingy strands . 
 `` you do n't even want to know . 
 oh , miranda 's locked in eve 's closet , by the way . '' 
 `` well , that 's a bonus . 
 sorry , but i really do n't like that kid . '' 
 `` she 's not growing on me , either , '' claire admitted . 
 `` come on , we need to get to michael . '' 
 `` trust me , he 's doing okay without us . '' 
 `` no , he 's not , '' she said grimly . 
 `` the sun 's coming up . '' 
 he did n't get it for a second , and then he did , and oh , boy . 
 he was gone before she could yell at him to wait for her . 
 she reached the bottom of the staircase a few seconds behind , and saw him race across to where michael was grabbing another - presumably , human - intruder on his way in through the broken-down front door . 
 `` i do n't need you ! '' 
 he yelled at them both , and tossed the guy halfway to kansas . 
 `` get upstairs ! 
 shane , show her where ! '' 
 shane ignored him , plunged past him and into the hallway . 
 guarding the front door . 
 michael started to follow him , and stepped into the growing light from the back window . 
 he spun to look at it , then wordlessly at claire . 
 she saw the outright fear in his eyes . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` not now ! '' 
 she could n't say or do anything to help , and she knew it . 
 `` how long ... ? '' 
 the terrible look on his face pretty much answered the question , but he said it anyway . 
 `` five minutes . 
 maybe less . 
 dammit ! '' 
 as if the vampires knew , there was a rattle at the window behind the bookcase blocking it . 
 it heaved uneasily , then started to topple forward . 
 michael got in between it and the floor , caught it , and flung it back upright , then braced it again with the sofa . 
 `` back up ! '' 
 michael ordered her , and she retreated to the stairs . 
 she could hear shane fighting in the hall again . 
 `` claire , you and eve need to find a way to block everything . 
 seal it up . 
 do n't let shane - '' she was n't sure what he was going to say , but just then he gasped and doubled over , and she knew that it was lost . 
 he looked pale . 
 paler . 
 mist . 
 gone , along with a fading ghost of a scream . 
 eve skidded to a stop beside her , eyes wide . 
 `` he 's gone , '' she whispered , as if she really could n't believe it . 
 `` he left us . '' 
 `` he could n't help it . '' 
 claire took her hand . 
 `` come on , eve , let 's get the bookcase down the hall . 
 we need to wedge it in the doorway . '' 
 eve nodded numbly . 
 it was like all the fight had gone out of her , and claire understood why ... what hope was there now ? 
 michael had been handling things , but without him ... ? 
 `` help me , '' she said to eve , and she meant it in every way she could . 
 eve gave her a tiny little smile and squeezed her fingers . 
 `` you know i will . '' 
 between the three of them , they managed to block the front door pretty thoroughly , wedging the bookcase in place and bracing it with two more at an angle . 
 sweaty , panting , scared , they looked at each other . 
 it got quiet . 
 weirdly quiet . 
 `` well ? '' 
 eve looked around the corner . 
 `` i do n't see anything ... '' `` can we get to the pantry ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` i mean , i do n't hear anybody ... '' `` too risky , '' shane said . 
 he grabbed the phone from a pile of debris and started dialing on the fly , then dropped it . 
 `` they cut the line . '' 
 eve pulled her cell phone out of a holster on her belt . 
 shane grabbed for it , checked the signal , and held up his hand for a high five . 
 he was already dialing when they smacked it . 
 `` come on , '' he muttered , pacing , listening . 
 `` pick up , pick up , pick up ... '' he stopped in midstep . 
 `` dad ? 
 oh , damn , it 's the machine - dad , listen , if you get this , it 's shane , i 'm at michael glass 's house in morganville , and i need shock and awe , man - come running . 
 you know why . '' 
 he flipped the phone shut and threw it to eve . 
 `` upstairs , both of you . 
 get in the secret room . 
 michael ? 
 are you with us ? '' 
 claire shivered in a sudden cold draft . 
 `` he 's here . '' 
 `` watch out for them , '' shane said . 
 `` i - i kind of have a plan . '' 
 he said it as if he was half surprised . 
 `` girls . 
 upstairs . 
 now . '' 
 `` but - '' `` go ! '' 
 he 'd learned how to yell orders from michael , and it seemed to work , because claire was moving for the stairs without any conscious decision to do it . 
 the cold chill stayed around her , and she saw eve shivering , too . 
 the upstairs was quiet , as well , except for the distant knocking sound of miranda hammering on her door . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' claire said . 
 `` oliver knows michael ca n't do anything after dawn , right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' eve said , and chewed at her bottom lip . 
 most of her makeup had sweated off or gotten wiped away ; even her lips were normal lip color now , for nearly the first time claire could remember . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it 's weird . 
 why would they just give up now ? '' 
 `` they have n't , '' said a voice that claire 's tingling spine recognized before her brain . 
 michael 's bedroom door opened , and standing there , smiling , was monica morrell . 
 gina and jennifer were behind her . 
 they were all holding knives , and that was a hell of a lot scarier than miranda , no matter how crazy she might be . 
 eve got in between claire and monica and began backing her away , down the hallway . 
 `` get in your room , '' eve said . 
 `` lock the door . '' 
 `` wo n't do you any good , '' monica said , leaning around eve . 
 `` ask me why . 
 go on , ask me . '' 
 she did n't have to . 
 she heard the door open behind her , and whipped around to see a man in a police uniform stepping out into the hallway with his gun drawn . 
 `` meet my brother , richard , '' she giggled . 
 `` is n't he cute ? '' 
 he might have been , but claire could n't look anywhere but at the gun , which was big and shiny and black . 
 she 'd never had a gun pointed at her before , and it scared her in ways that even knives did n't . 
 `` shut up , monica , '' he said , and nodded toward the far end of the hall . 
 `` ladies . 
 downstairs , please . 
 we do n't have to make this bloody . '' 
 he sounded harassed more than anything else , like mass home invasion was just something standing between him and morning coffee . 
 claire backed up , touched eve , and whispered , `` what do we do ? '' 
 she was asking michael , too , for all the good it would do . 
 `` i guess we go downstairs , '' eve said . 
 she sounded defeated . 
 the chill swept across them stronger than ever . 
 `` um , i think that 's a no ? '' 
 warm air flooded in . 
 `` that 's a yes ? '' 
 more warm air . 
 `` you 're kidding me , michael . 
 stay here ? '' 
 fine , if you were already a ghost , but how the hell were the two of them supposed to fight off three girls with knives and a cop with a gun ? 
 eve fainted . 
 she did it convincingly , too , so well that claire was n't totally for sure that she was n't really out . 
 monica , gina , and jennifer looked down at her , frowning , and claire bent over her , fanning at her face . 
 `` she got cut , '' she said . 
 `` she 's lost a lot of blood . '' 
 she hoped that was an exaggeration , but she was n't too sure , because the black towel had fallen away from eve 's arm and it looked soaked . 
 `` leave her , '' said monica 's brother . 
 `` we only need you , anyway . '' 
 `` but - she 's bleeding ! 
 she needs - '' `` move . '' 
 he shoved her , and she nearly ran into the knife gina was holding out . 
 `` monica , for god 's sake , back the hell off , will you ? 
 i think i can handle some little girl ! '' 
 monica frowned at him . 
 `` oliver said we could have her when it 's over . '' 
 `` yeah , when it 's over . 
 which is n't now , so back the hell off ! '' 
 she shot him the finger , then stepped back to let claire move past her . 
 claire did it as slowly as she could , manufacturing a crying jag and some shaking that , once started , felt too real to stop . 
 `` see ? '' 
 monica said over her shoulder to jennifer . 
 `` told you she was a punk . '' 
 claire doubled over , moaning , and very deliberately puked all over monica 's shoes . 
 that was all it took . 
 monica screamed in horror and slapped her , gina grabbed her , jennifer stepped away , and richard , confused by all the sudden girl fighting , took a couple of steps back so he would n't put a bullet in the wrong one . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shane 's voice , loud and angry . 
 he was on the stairs , looking through the railing at them . 
 `` enough already . 
 i 'll give you the damn book . 
 just leave them alone . '' 
 `` not fair , '' monica muttered , glaring at him . 
 he glared right back , looking like he 'd take back that hitting-a-girl rule , just once . 
 gladly . 
 `` richard , shoot him . '' 
 `` no , '' richard said wearily . 
 `` i 'm a cop . 
 i only shoot who i 'm told to shoot , and you are n't the chief . '' 
 `` well , i will be . 
 one day . '' 
 `` then i 'll shoot him when you are , '' he said . 
 `` shane , right ? 
 get up here . '' 
 `` let them walk out of here first . '' 
 `` not going to happen , so just get your ass up here before i decide i do n't need either one of them . '' 
 richard cocked the gun for emphasis . 
 shane slowly came up to the top of the steps and stopped . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` the book ? 
 it 's safe . 
 and it 's someplace you 'll never get it if you piss me off , dick . '' 
 richard fired the gun . 
 everybody - even monica - screamed , and claire looked down at herself in shock . 
 he 'd missed . 
 there was a smoking round hole in michael 's door . 
 oh . 
 he had n't missed . 
 `` kid , '' richard said wearily , `` i am not in the mood . 
 i have n't slept in thirty-six hours , my sister 's crazy - '' `` hey ! '' 
 monica protested . '' 
 - and you 're not my high school crush - '' `` he is not my high school crush , richard ! '' 
 `` the point is , i could n't give a crap about you , your friends , or your problems , because for me this is n't personal . 
 monica will kill you because she 's nuts . 
 i 'll kill you because you make me kill you . 
 are we straight ? '' 
 `` well , '' shane said , `` that 's kind of a personal question . '' 
 richard aimed directly at claire . 
 it was n't much of a change , but she definitely felt it , like being in the center of the spotlight instead of just on the edges , and she heard shane say , `` dude , i 'm kidding , all right ? 
 kidding ! '' 
 she did n't dare blink , or move her eyes away from the gun . 
 if she could just keep staring at it , somehow , that would keep him from shooting her . 
 she knew that did n't make sense , but ... in her side vision she saw shane reach behind his back and pull out a book . 
 black leather cover . 
 oh no . 
 he 's really going to ... he ca n't . 
 not after all this . 
 although she did n't have any answers for how he was supposed to avoid it , either . 
 shane held up his left hand , showing it empty , and held out the black bible with his right . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 richard asked . 
 `` swear to god . '' 
 `` monica . 
 take it . '' 
 she did , scowling at shane . 
 `` you are not my high school crush , idiot . '' 
 `` great . 
 i can die happy , then . '' 
 `` i 'm shooting the next person who talks who is n't my sister , '' richard said . 
 `` monica ? '' 
 she opened the bible . 
 `` there 's a hole in it . 
 and another book . '' 
 she stopped , staring at the inside . 
 `` oh my god . 
 it really is . 
 i thought for sure she was bullshitting us . '' 
 `` she knows better . 
 let me see . '' 
 monica tilted the open bible toward him , and claire 's last faint hope went away , because yes , that was the cover , with its scratchy home-engraved symbol . 
 shane had done it . 
 he 'd given it up . 
 somehow she 'd expected better . 
 `` so . 
 we 're square , right ? '' 
 shane asked tensely . 
 `` no shooting or anything . '' 
 richard reached out , took the bible from monica , and flipped it close to tuck it under one arm . 
 `` no shooting , '' he agreed . 
 `` i meant what i said . 
 i 'll only kill you if you make me . 
 so thanks , i really did n't need the paperwork . '' 
 he walked past shane to the stairs , and started down . 
 `` hey , wait ! '' 
 shane said . 
 `` want to take your psycho sister with you ? '' 
 richard stopped and sighed . 
 `` right . 
 monica ? 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` i do n't want to , '' she said . 
 `` oliver told me i could have them . '' 
 `` oliver 's not here , and i am , and i 'm telling you that we have to go . 
 right now . '' 
 when she did n't move , he looked back . 
 `` now . 
 move , unless you want to fry . '' 
 she blew claire and shane a mocking kiss . 
 `` yeah . 
 enjoy the barbecue ! '' 
 she followed her brother down . 
 gina went after , and that just left jennifer standing there , looking oddly helpless even with a knife in her hands . 
 she bent over and put it on the floor , held up her hands , and said , `` monica set a fire . 
 you should get out while you can , and run like hell . 
 it probably wo n't help , but - i 'm sorry . '' 
 and then she was gone . 
 shane stared after them for a frozen second , then moved over to kneel next to eve . 
 `` hey . 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` taking a nap , '' eve said . 
 `` i thought maybe if i stayed down , you 'd have it easier . '' 
 she sounded shaky , though . 
 `` help me up . '' 
 shane and claire each took a hand and pulled her up ; she swayed woozily . 
 `` did i get that right ? 
 you actually handed it over ? '' 
 `` you know what ? 
 i did . 
 and it kept you guys alive , so there you go . 
 hate me . '' 
 he was going to say something else , but then stopped and frowned and nodded down the hallway . 
 there was a thin thread of smoke curling out from underneath the door of claire 's bedroom . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 she gasped , and ran for it ; the knob was hot . 
 she instantly let go and backed away . 
 `` we have to get out of here ! '' 
 `` like they 're going to let us go ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` and no way am i letting this house burn . 
 what about michael ? 
 he ca n't leave ! '' 
 she had n't even thought of that , and it hit her hard . 
 michael was trapped . 
 would he die if the house burned ? 
 could he ? 
 `` fire trucks ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 `` there are fire trucks outside - '' `` yeah , to keep everything else from going up , '' eve said . 
 `` trust me . 
 this is their easy answer . 
 the glass house goes up in flames , along with all their problem kids . 
 nobody 's going to help us ! '' 
 `` then we have to do it , '' shane said . 
 `` yo , michael ! 
 you there ? '' 
 `` here 's there , '' eve said . 
 `` i 'm cold . '' 
 `` anything you can do ? '' 
 eve looked puzzled . 
 `` yes ? 
 no ? 
 oh . 
 maybe . 
 he says maybe . '' 
 `` maybe 's not good enough . '' 
 shane opened the door to eve 's room and grabbed the black comforter off the bed . 
 `` blankets , towels , whatever , get it in the bathroom and soak it down . 
 oh , and let miranda out , will you ? 
 we can hate her later . '' 
 claire kicked the chair out of the way from under the doorknob . 
 the closet door flew open , and miranda spilled out , coughing . 
 she took one look at them and ran for the stairs . 
 `` my clothes ! '' 
 eve yelped , and grabbed a double armful of hangers , then ran to michael 's room to dump them in a pile . 
 `` yeah , way to stay focused , eve ! '' 
 shane yelled . 
 he had the tap going in the bath , and seconds later he was back , dragging the soaking wet bundle . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 he kicked open the door , and behind it claire saw fire licking from the curtains up toward the ceiling . 
 her bed was on fire , too . 
 it looked like that was where monica had started it , since it was mostly in flames . 
 `` be careful ! '' 
 she yelled , and hesitated to watch as shane yanked the curtains down , threw the wet comforter over the bed , and began stomping down flames . 
 `` do n't just stand there ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` blankets ! 
 towels ! 
 water ! 
 move ! '' 
 the whole house smelled like smoke and burned mattress , but on the whole , it could have been a lot worse . 
 claire 's room was a mess , and her bed and curtains were a dead loss . 
 scorches on the floor and smoke damage on the ceiling . 
 still . 
 shane dumped more water on the mattress , which was already a sodden mess , and collapsed against the wall next to claire and eve . 
 `` they 've got to be wondering why we 're not all screaming and burning by now , '' eve said . 
 `` i mean , logically . '' 
 `` go look . '' 
 `` you go look . 
 i 've had a tough night . '' 
 claire sighed , got up , and went to the unbroken window at the far end of the room . 
 she could n't see anything . 
 no vampires , obviously , since the sun was blazing in the sky by now , but no human flunkies , either . 
 `` maybe they 're all out front , '' she said . 
 in the silence , she distinctly heard ... the doorbell . 
 `` you 're kidding me , '' shane said . 
 `` hey , did you order pizza ? 
 good thinking . 
 i 'm starved . '' 
 `` i think you have brain damage , '' eve shot back . 
 `` yeah , because i 'm starved . '' 
 there was a crash from downstairs , and shane stopped smiling . 
 his eyes went dark and focused . 
 `` i guess this is it , '' he said . 
 `` sorry . 
 last stand at the alamo . '' 
 eve hugged him and did n't say a word . 
 claire walked over and hugged each of them in turn , shane last so she could spend more time doing it . 
 there really was n't enough time , though , because she heard footsteps coming up the stairs , and she felt a strong chill sweep over her . 
 michael was with them . 
 maybe that was his version of a hug . 
 `` stay strong , '' she heard eve whisper in her ear . 
 she nodded and took eve 's hand . 
 shane stepped out in front , which was - she knew by now - just what shane did . 
 he picked up the baseball bat he 'd retrieved from down the hall and got ready . 
 `` there 's no need for that , '' said a light , cool voice from the hallway . 
 `` you must be shane . 
 hello . 
 my name is amelie . '' 
 claire gasped and peeked around his broad back . 
 it was the blond vampire from the church , looking perfectly cool and at ease as she stood there , hands folded . 
 `` you can put that away , '' amelie said . 
 `` you wo n't need it , i assure you . '' 
 she turned and left the doorway . 
 the three of them looked at one another . 
 is she gone ? 
 eve mouthed . 
 shane edged up to the doorway and looked out , then shook his head . 
 what 's she doing ? 
 that was obvious one second later , as there was a faint click and the paneling on the other side popped free . 
 amelie opened the hidden door and went up the steps . 
 `` i think you have some questions , '' she called down . 
 `` i have some , as well , as it happens , and it would be prudent if we indulged each other . 
 if not , then of course you are free to go - but i must warn you that oliver is not happy . 
 and when oliver is unhappy , he tends to be rather childish about lashing out . 
 you are not , as they say , out of the woods quite yet , mes petits . '' 
 `` vote , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'm for leaving . '' 
 `` stay , '' eve said . 
 `` running wo n't do us any good , and you know it . 
 we need to at least hear what she has to say . '' 
 they both looked at claire . 
 `` i get a vote ? '' 
 she asked , surprised . 
 `` why would n't you ? 
 you pay rent . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she did n't even have to think about it . 
 `` she saved my life today . 
 i do n't think she 's - well , maybe she 's bad , but she 's not , you know , bad . 
 i say we listen . '' 
 shane shrugged . 
 `` whatever . 
 you go first . '' 
 amelie had settled herself on the antique victorian settee . 
 there were two other vampires in the room , standing very quietly in the corner , both wearing dark suits . 
 claire swallowed hard and fought an urge to back up and change her vote . 
 amelie smiled at her , lips closed , and gestured elegantly at the chair next to the sofa . 
 `` claire . 
 ah , and eve , how lovely . '' 
 `` you know me ? '' 
 eve asked , surprised . 
 she took a look around at the other two vampires . 
 `` of course . 
 i always pay attention to the dispossessed . 
 and your parents are particular favorites of mine . '' 
 `` yeah , great . 
 so who the hell are you ? '' 
 shane asked , blunt as ever . 
 amelie regarded him for an instant in surprise . 
 `` amelie , '' she said , as if that explained everything . 
 `` i thought you knew whose symbol you wore from birth , my dear . '' 
 shane looked pissed off . 
 of course . 
 `` i do n't wear any symbols . '' 
 `` that 's true . 
 you do n't now . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` but everyone in this town did once , including those from whom you sprang . 
 one way or another , you are owned , body and soul . '' 
 shane , for once , did n't try a comeback . 
 he just stared at her with dark , angry eyes . 
 she did n't seem bothered . 
 `` you have a question , '' amelie stated . 
 shane blinked . 
 `` yeah . 
 how did you get in here ? 
 oliver could n't . '' 
 `` an excellent question , well phrased . 
 and were i any other vampire , i would not be able to do so . 
 however , this house is my house , first and foremost . 
 i built it , as i built several such in morganville . 
 i live in each of them in turn , and while i am in residence the protections will defend me from any enemy , either human or vampire . 
 while i am absent , they will exclude vampires , if the residents are human , and of course humans if the residents are vampires . 
 unless the proper permissions are given . '' 
 she inclined her head . 
 `` does that answer your question ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 shane chewed on it a little , then said , `` why did n't it protect michael ? '' 
 `` he gave oliver permission to enter , and , in doing so , forfeited the house 's protection . 
 however , the house did what it could to preserve him . '' 
 amelie spread her hands . 
 `` perhaps it helped that oliver was , in fact , not trying to destroy him but to change him . '' 
 `` into a vampire , '' eve said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i always wanted to ask why that does n't work . 
 i mean , the vampires keep on biting , but ... ? '' 
 amelie said nothing . 
 she seemed to be thinking , or remembering ; either way , it was a long and uncomfortable silence before she said , `` have you children any concept of geometric progression ? '' 
 claire raised her hand . 
 `` and how many vampires would it take to turn the entire world into vampires , if it was so simple as that ? '' 
 amelie smiled as claire opened her mouth . 
 `` my dear , i do not expect you to answer , though if you would like to work out the math of it and tell me someday , i should be most interested to see it . 
 the truth is that we came very near to it , in my younger years , when humans were much fewer . 
 and it was agreed - as it has lately been agreed among you humans - that perhaps conservation of game is a wise idea . 
 so we - removed the knowledge of how to create more vampires , simply by refusing to teach it . 
 over time , the knowledge was lost except to the elders , and now it is lost altogether , except in two places . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` here , '' amelie said , and touched her temple . 
 `` and there . '' 
 she pointed at shane . 
 `` what ? '' 
 claire and eve both blurted , and claire thought , oh my god i kissed him and he was a vampire , but shane was looking odd , too . 
 not lost , exactly . 
 guilty . 
 `` yeah , '' he said , and put his hand in the pocket of his blue jeans . 
 he pulled out a small book . 
 the cover - claire could read it from where she sat - read shakespeare sonnets . 
 `` it was all i could think of . '' 
 he tipped it sideways , and the pages slid out , away from the cover . 
 sliced neatly at both edges of the binding . 
 `` very clever , '' amelie said . 
 `` you gave them the cover , filled with words they did not want , and kept for yourself what was important . 
 but what if i told you that it was the cover they were after , and not the contents ? '' 
 he looked shaken . 
 `` i had to play the odds . '' 
 `` wise gamesmanship , '' she said . 
 `` in fact , i told you that oliver is unhappy , and so he is , because he has allowed that '' - she nodded toward the pages - `` to slip through his fingers . 
 and so i find that i come to you for a favor . '' 
 his eyes lit up , and he said , `` a favor ? 
 like a deal ? '' 
 `` yes , shane . 
 i shall make a deal for what you hold in your hand , and i promise you that it is the only deal that matters , as i am the only vampire that matters . 
 i will take the book , and destroy the last written record of how vampires may be created , which will ensure my continued survival against my enemies , who will not dare to move against me for fear of losing what only i know . '' 
 she sat back against the puffed cushions , studying him very calmly . 
 `` and for this , you and all in this house will receive my protection for as long as you should choose to have it . 
 this will cancel any other , lesser contracts you might have made , such as the agreement you made with oliver , through brandon . '' 
 `` oliver - is brandon 's boss ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 `` boss ? '' 
 amelie considered that , and nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 exactly . 
 while i do not command oliver , neither can he command me . 
 until he discovers the secrets i hold , he can not unseat me in morganville , and he can not create his own followers to overwhelm mine . 
 we are ... evenly matched . '' 
 shane looked down at the book in his hand . 
 `` and this would have changed that . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said softly . 
 `` that book would have destroyed us all in the end . 
 vampires as well as humans . 
 i owe you a debt for this , and i will pay it as well as circumstances will allow . '' 
 shane thought about it for an agonizing second , then looked at eve . 
 she nodded . 
 claire nodded when he checked for her approval , and then he held the book up . 
 `` michael ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes or no ? '' 
 after another long second , he sighed . 
 `` guess that 's a yes . 
 well , anything that pisses off oliver is a good deed , so ... '' he held it out to amelie . 
 she made no move to take it . 
 `` understand , '' she said , and her eyes were bitter cold , `` that once this is done , it is done . 
 your glass house will remain , but you are bound together . 
 none may leave morganville , after . 
 i can not risk your knowledge escaping my control . '' 
 `` yeah , well , if we go now , we 're toast anyway , right ? '' 
 shane kept holding it out . 
 `` take it . 
 oliver was right about one thing : it 's nothing to us but death . '' 
 `` au contraire , '' she said , and her pale white fingers took it from his . 
 `` it is , in fact , your salvation . '' 
 she stood , looked around the room , and sighed a little . 
 `` i have missed this place , '' she said . 
 `` and i believe it has also missed me . 
 someday i will come back . '' 
 she pressed the hidden catch on the arm of the settee , and without another word to them turned to leave . 
 `` hey , what about the cops ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` not to mention all those people who tried to kill us today ? '' 
 `` they answer to oliver . 
 i will make it known that you are not to be troubled . 
 however , you must not further disturb the peace . 
 if you do , and it is your fault , i will be forced to reconsider my decision . 
 and that would be ... unfortunate . '' 
 she gave him a full smile . 
 with fangs . 
 `` au revoir , children . 
 do take care of the house more carefully in the future . '' 
 her two vamp guards went with her . 
 smoke and silence . 
 there was no sound on the stairs after . 
 claire swallowed . 
 `` um ... what did we just do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` pretty much all we could , '' shane said . 
 `` i 'm checking the street . '' 
 they ended up going down together , in a group - shane with the bat , eve with the knife jennifer had abandoned , and claire armed with a broken chair leg sharp on one end . 
 the house was deserted . 
 the front door was standing open , and out on the street , cop cars were pulling away from the curb around the big black cadillac . 
 a limousine was leaving , too . 
 its tinted windows cast back blinding reflections of the sun . 
 it was all over in seconds . 
 no cars , no vampires , nobody hanging around . 
 no monica . 
 no richard . 
 no oliver . 
 `` crap , '' shane said . 
 he was standing on the porch , looking at what was hanging next to the doorbell . 
 it was a black lacquered plaque with a symbol on it . 
 the same symbol that had been on the book cover he 'd sent to oliver . 
 `` does that mean she wrote the damn book , too ? '' 
 `` i 'll bet she did , for backup , '' eve said . 
 `` you know , the symbol 's also on the well in the center of town . 
 it 's the founder symbol . '' 
 `` she 's the founder , '' shane said . 
 `` well , somebody had to be . '' 
 `` yeah , but i figured it was a dead somebody . '' 
 `` funny , '' claire said , `` but i think it is a dead somebody . '' 
 which made shane laugh , and eve snort , and shane slung his arm over her shoulders . 
 `` you still quitting school ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not if i ca n't leave town . '' 
 claire smacked herself in the head . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 i ca n't leave town ! 
 i ca n't ever leave town ? 
 what about school ? 
 caltech ? 
 my parents ? '' 
 shane kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` tomorrow 's problems , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going with let 's just be glad there 's a tomorrow , at this point . '' 
 eve closed the front door . 
 it swung open again in the breeze . 
 `` i think we 're going to need a new door . '' 
 `` i think we 're going to need home depot . '' 
 `` do they sell stakes at home depot here ? '' 
 claire asked . 
 shane and eve looked blank . 
 `` dumb question . 
 cleanup took pretty much all day , what with the broken furniture , the shattered windows , the front and back doors , and hauling claire 's damaged mattress out to the curb . 
 they were just sitting down to dinner when the sun went behind the horizon , and claire heard the sound of a body hitting the floor , followed by dry retching . 
 `` michael 's home , '' eve said , as if he 'd just come back from school . 
 `` you guys dig in . '' 
 it took a while before she came back with michael . 
 holding hands . 
 shane got up , smiling , and held up his hand . 
 michael high-fived it . 
 `` not bad , brother , '' michael said . 
 `` the girls gave you enough time for the switch . '' 
 `` even though they did n't know . 
 yeah . 
 worked out , '' shane said , pleased . 
 `` see ? 
 my plans do n't all suck . 
 just most of them . '' 
 `` so long as we keep on being able to tell the difference . '' 
 michael pulled up a chair . 
 `` what 's for - oh , you 're kidding me . 
 chili ? '' 
 `` nobody wanted to go to the store . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 michael closed his eyes . 
 `` i 'm saying a prayer . 
 maybe you ought to , too . 
 it 's going to take us a miracle to get through this . '' 
 whether he was serious or not , claire sent the prayer up toward heaven , and she thought the others did , too . 
 so it seemed kind of miraculous when the doorbell rang . 
 `` at least they 're getting more polite when they try to kill us , '' shane said . 
 michael got up and went to the door . 
 after a second 's hesitation , they all got up and followed . 
 michael swung the new door open . 
 outside , in the glow of the porch light , stood a middle-aged man with a scraggly beard and a huge scar down one side of his face , dressed in black motorcycle leather . 
 behind him were two more guys , not quite as old and a whole lot bigger and meaner-looking . 
 bikers . 
 claire nearly choked on her bite of chili . 
 the man nodded . 
 `` son , '' he said , looking past michael right at shane . 
 `` got your message . 
 cavalry 's here . '' 
 he walked right in , past the threshold , and ignored michael like he was n't even there . 
 `` about time you got your ass in gear . 
 been waiting for you to call for six damn months . 
 what kept you ? 
 took you this long to find the head bloodsucker ? '' 
 they followed him into the living room . 
 michael turned to look at shane , who was turning red . 
 not meeting anybody 's eyes , really . 
 `` things have changed , dad , '' he mumbled . 
 `` nothing 's changed , '' shane 's dad said , and turned to face them , hands on hips . 
 `` we came to kick us some ass and kill us some vampires , just like we planned all along . 
 time to get some payback for alyssa and your mother . 
 nothing 's going to change that . '' 
 `` dad , things are different now , we ca n't - '' shane 's father grabbed him by the hair , quick as a snake . 
 there were tattoos on his hand , ugly dark blue smudges , and he forced shane 's head back . 
 `` ca n't ? 
 ca n't ? 
 we 're going to burn this town down , boy , just like we agreed . 
 and you 're not changing your mind . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 michael said sharply , and reached out for shane 's dad . 
 when he touched him , something happened , something like an electric shock that flared blue white in the room and raised the hair on claire 's arms . 
 michael flew back and hit the wall , too stunned to do anything . 
 `` no ! '' 
 shane yelled , and tried to pull free . 
 he could n't . 
 `` dad , no ! '' 
 shane 's dad nodded to one of his biker buddies . 
 `` yep . 
 he 's one of them , '' he said . 
 `` take care of it . '' 
 the biker guy nodded back , pulled a knife from his belt , and advanced on michael . 
 `` no ! '' 
 shane screamed it this time . 
 claire took a hesitant step forward , and stopped when michael 's wide blue eyes locked on hers . 
 eve was screaming , and so was shane . 
 miranda saw this , she thought . 
 michael was even standing on the rug miranda had pointed to when she 'd said , and he died ... right ... there . 
 it had n't been his first death . 
 it was his second . 
 `` guys , stay out of it ! '' 
 michael said sharply when eve tried to lunge toward him and get between him and the biker . 
 he was still backing away , and this time , he looked afraid . 
 he had n't been afraid of the vampires and all their minions , but this time ... the biker moved faster than anybody claire had ever seen , except vampires ; she did n't even see what happened , just heard the heavy thud as michael hit the floor . 
 the biker went down with him , holding him flat with one huge hand while the other one raised the knife . 
 `` no , dad , god , i 'll do whatever you want ! '' 
 `` shut up , '' shane 's dad said , and threw shane toward the sofa . 
 he sprawled there , and claire ran over to him and put her arms around him . 
 `` you bet you will . 
 you three are going to tell me which vamps to strike first . 
 because it 's us against them now , and do n't you forget it . '' 
 `` three ? '' 
 eve said faintly . 
 her huge eyes were locked on michael , and the biker , and the knife . 
 `` three , '' said shane 's dad , and nodded to the biker . 
 they all screamed as the knife came down . 
