 chapter 1 part i `` i wonder if i 've been changed in the night ? 
 let me think : was i the same when i got up this morning ? 
 i almost think i can remember feeling a little different . 
 but if i 'm not the same , the next question is , who in the world am i ? 
 ah , that 's the great puzzle ! '' 
 - alice 's adventures in wonderland chapter 1 there are times when magic really sucks . 
 sure , it 's awesome when you 're using it to change your hair color , or fly , or turn day into night . 
 but for the most part , magic tends to end in explosions , or tears , or with you flat on your back in the middle of nowhere , feeling like a tiny dwarf is mining for diamonds inside your head . 
 okay , so maybe that last bit was just me . 
 one of the drawbacks of traveling by itineris-a kind of magical portal that can take you from one place to another-is how rough it was on your body . 
 every trip i 'd ever taken through one had left me feeling like i 'd been turned inside out ; but this time was particularly bad . 
 i was actually shaking . 
 of course , that might have been from all the adrenaline . 
 i felt like my heart was trying to throw itself out of my chest . 
 i took a deep breath and tried to calm my racing pulse . 
 okay . 
 the itineris had dropped me off ... well , somewhere . 
 i had n't quite worked out where yet , mostly because i still did n't feel capable of opening my eyes . 
 wherever it was , it was quiet and hot . 
 i ran my hands over the ground under me . 
 grass . 
 a few rocks . 
 some sticks . 
 i took a ragged breath and thought about lifting my head . 
 but the very idea of trying to move made every nerve ending i had scoff , yeah , do n't think so . 
 groaning , i clenched my teeth and decided now was as good a time as any to take stock . 
 up until this morning , i 'd been a demon and in possession of some pretty freaking-awesome magic . 
 thanks to a binding spell , that magic was gone . 
 well , not gone exactly ; i could still feel it fluttering inside me like a butterfly under glass . 
 but i could n't access any of my powers , so it might as well have been gone . 
 also gone ? 
 my best friend , jenna . 
 and my dad . 
 and archer , the guy i was in love with . 
 and cal , my fiance . 
 -lrb- yeah , my love life was complicated . -rrb- 
 for a second , the pain in my head was nothing compared to the pain in my chest as i thought about the four of them . 
 honestly , i was n't sure who to worry about more . 
 jenna was a vampire , which meant she could take care of herself , but i 'd found her bloodstone crushed on the floor at thorne abbey . 
 the bloodstone 's main job was to protect jenna from all the side effects of vampiredom . 
 if it had been taken from her in the daylight , the sun would kill her . 
 then there was dad . 
 he 'd been subjected to the removal , which meant he was even more powerless than i was now . 
 at least i still had my magic , useless as it was . 
 dad 's powers were gone forever . 
 the last time i 'd seen him , he 'd been lying in a cell , pale and unconscious , covered in dark purple tattoos from the removal . 
 archer had been with him , and as far as i knew , they had both still been locked in that cell when thorne abbey was attacked . 
 still been trapped there when the council used daisy , another demon , to set thorne abbey on fire . 
 call had gone into the burning mansion to save them , but not before telling me to take the itineris to find my mom , who was , for some reason , with aislinn brannick , leader of a group of monster hunters . 
 and since the brannicks saw me as one of those monsters , i could n't figure out why mom would be with them . 
 that 's how i 'd ended up lying flat on my back , archer 's sword still clutched in my hand , my head aching . 
 maybe i could just lie here and wait for mom to find me . 
 that would be convenient . 
 i sighed as the wind rustled the leaves overhead . 
 yep , that was a solid plan . 
 lie here on the ground and wait for someone to come to me . 
 a bright light suddenly seared against my closed eyelids , and i winced , raising my hand to ward off whatever it was . 
 when i opened my eyes , i honestly expected to see one of the brannicks standing there , maybe with a torch or a flashlight . 
 what i was n't expecting was a ghost . 
 the ghost of elodie parris , to be exact , standing at my feet , glaring down at me , arms crossed . 
 she was glowing so brightly that i squinted as i sat up . 
 elodie had been murdered by my great-grandmother nearly a year ago -lrb- long story -rrb- , and thanks to a little shared magic between us before she died , her ghost was now tied to me . 
 `` oh , wow , '' i croaked . 
 `` i was just lying here thinking this night could not get any worse , and then it totally did . 
 huh . '' 
 elodie rolled her eyes , and for just a second i thought her glow got a little brighter . 
 she moved her mouth , but no sounds came out . 
 one of the drawbacks of being a ghost-she could n't talk . 
 from her expression and the little bit of lip-reading i could do , i thought that was probably a good thing . 
 `` okay , okay , '' i said . 
 `` now is not the time for snarking . '' 
 using archer 's sword as a crutch , i managed to get to my feet . 
 there was no moon out , but thanks to elodie 's luminescence , i could see ... well , trees . 
 lots of them . 
 and not much else . 
 `` any idea where we are ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 she shrugged and mouthed , `` forest . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 okay , so the whole `` no more snark '' thing was n't off to a great start . 
 i sighed and looked around . 
 `` it 's still night , so we must be in the same time zone . 
 that means we could n't have gone too far . 
 but it 's hot . 
 like , way hotter than it was at thorne . '' 
 elodie 's mouth moved , and it took the two of us several tries before i could decipher what she was saying . 
 finally , i worked out that it was : `` where were you trying to go ? '' 
 `` the brannicks ' , '' i told her . 
 at that , elodie 's eyes went wide , and her lips started flying again , undoubtedly telling me what a freaking idiot i was . 
 `` i know , '' i said , holding up a hand to cut off her silent rant . 
 `` scary irish monster hunters , maybe not the best plan . 
 but call said my mom was with them . 
 and no , '' i said , as her ghostly mouth opened up yet again , `` i do n't know why . 
 what i do know is that apparently the itineris sucks , because the only scary redhead i see around here is you . '' 
 sighing , i rubbed my free hand over my eyes . 
 `` so now we just - '' a howl split the air . 
 i gulped , and my fingers tightened on the sword 's hilt . 
 `` now , we just hope that whatever that is , it does n't come this way , '' i finished weakly . 
 another howl , this one closer . 
 in the distance , i could hear something crashing through the underbrush . 
 for a second i thought about running , but my knees were so rubbery that just standing was a challenge . 
 no way could i outrun a werewolf . 
 which meant staying and fighting . 
 or , you know , staying and getting mauled . 
 `` awesome , '' i muttered , lifting the sword , the muscles in my shoulders groaning . 
 i felt my powers stir in the pit of my stomach , and a sudden terror shot through me . 
 i was normal , i reminded myself . 
 just a regular seventeen-year-old girl , about to face against a werewolf with nothing more than ... okay , well , i did have a big-ass sword and a ghost . 
 that had to count for something . 
 i glanced over at elodie . 
 she was staring into the woods , looking vaguely bored . 
 `` um , hi , '' i said . 
 `` werewolf headed this way . 
 are you even a little bit concerned about that ? '' 
 she smirked at me and gestured toward her glowing body . 
 i read her lips : `` already dead . '' 
 `` right . 
 but if i get killed , too , you and i are so not becoming ghost bffs . '' 
 elodie gave me a look that said there was no danger of that happening . 
 the sounds got louder , and i hoisted the sword higher . 
 then , with a snarl , something large and furry leaped through the trees . 
 i gave a little shriek , and even elodie jumped back . 
 well , floated back . 
 for a moment , all three of us were frozen , me holding the sword like a baseball bat , elodie hovering a few feet off the ground , the were crouched in front of us . 
 i had no idea if it was a boy or a girl werewolf , but i thought it was young . 
 white froth dripped from its snout . 
 werewolves are kind of drooly . 
 it lowered its head , and i clutched the sword tighter , waiting for it to spring . 
 but instead of leaping to rip my throat out , the werewolf made a low keening sound , almost like it was crying . 
 i looked in its eyes , which were disturbingly human . 
 yep , definitely tears . 
 and fear . 
 lots of it . 
 it was panting hard , and i got the feeling it had been running for a while . 
 suddenly it occurred to me that maybe the itineris did n't suck as much as i 'd thought . 
 something had scared this werewolf , and there were only a few things i could think of that could do that . 
 scary irish prodigium hunters ? 
 way up on that list . 
 `` elodie - '' i started to say , but before i got anything else out , she winked out like a bitchy firefly . 
 the werewolf and i were plunged into darkness . 
 i cursed , and the werewolf made a growl that sounded like the same word . 
 for a few moments , just long enough to make me think that maybe i 'd been wrong , the woods were quiet and still . 
 and then everything erupted at once . 
 chapter 2 there was a shout from somewhere in front of me , and the werewolf bayed . 
 i heard a brief scuffle , followed by a sharp yelp . 
 then the only sound was my own breath , bell owing in and out of my lungs . 
 i caught a movement out of the corner of my eye , and instinctively stepped toward it , still holding the sword out in front of me . 
 suddenly , a bright light , much brighter than elodie had been , shone directly in my face . 
 i closed my eyes , and stumbled . 
 that 's when something slammed into my outstretched hand , hard enough to make me cry out . 
 my hand immediately went numb , and archer 's sword slipped from my fingers . 
 another hit , this one to the back of my legs , and suddenly i was on my back . 
 a weight settled on my chest as bony knees pressed both of my arms to the ground . 
 i felt a sharp stinging under my chin , and i fought the urge to whimper . 
 then a high-pitched voice asked , `` what are you ? '' 
 i opened my eyes gingerly . 
 the flashlight that had blinded me was lying a few feet from my head now , which gave me just enough light to see what appeared to be a twelve-year-old girl sitting on my chest . 
 i 'd gotten my butt handed to me by a sixth grader ? 
 that was embarrassing . 
 then the cold metal at my neck reminded me this particular sixth grader had a knife . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm not anything , '' i said , trying to move my mouth as little as possible . 
 my eyes were rapidly adjusting to the dim light , and i could see the girl 's bright red hair . 
 and as weird as it may seem , what with a blade at my throat and all , my first thought was , oh , thank god . 
 she may have been littler than i 'd expected , but in a lot of ways , this girl was everything i 'd imagined the brannicks to be . 
 they were a large family of women-always women , although i guess guys factored in there somewhere , seeing as how the family had been around for over a thousand years . 
 descended from a megapowerful white witch named maeve brannick , they 'd dedicated themselves to ridding the world of evil . 
 unfortunately , i fit their definition of evil . 
 the girl scowled . 
 `` you are something , '' she hissed , leaning in closer . 
 `` i can feel it . 
 whatever you are , it 's not human . 
 so you can either tell me what kind of freak you are , or i can cut you open and find out myself . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` you are one hard-core little kid . '' 
 her scowl deepened . 
 `` i 'm looking for the brannicks , '' i said in a rush . 
 `` and i 'm guessing you are one because ... you know , red hair and the violence and everything . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she demanded as the stinging at my neck became actual pain . 
 `` sophie mercer , '' i said through clenched teeth . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` no way , '' she said , sounding for the first time like the middle schooler she probably was . 
 `` way , '' i croaked . 
 for a second , she looked unsure , and the knife at my throat slid back , maybe an inch or so . 
 it was all i needed . 
 i rolled hard onto one side . 
 the move pulled something in my shoulder so badly that tears sprang to my eyes , but it still had the desired effect of dumping the girl off me . 
 she shrieked , and i heard a muffled thump that i really , really hoped was the knife hitting the ground . 
 i did n't give myself time to check , though . 
 on my hands and knees , i scrambled over to archer 's sword . 
 my fingers closed around the hilt , and i dragged it toward me . 
 using the sword for leverage , i pushed myself to my feet and turned back to the girl . 
 she was still sitting on the ground , leaning back on her hands , her breath coming hard and fast . 
 all traces of badass girl scout were gone from her face ; now she was just a scared little kid . 
 i wondered why . 
 i mean , i was still leaning on the sword , not pointing it at her . 
 my legs were trembling so much , i was sure she could see it , and i knew my face was streaked with tears and sweat . 
 i could n't have made a very intimidating - and then i remembered her face when she 'd heard my name . 
 she knew me , or at least knew of me . 
 which meant she probably knew what i was . 
 or used to be . 
 i tried to give her my best `` i am a demon princess '' look , which was quite the challenge , seeing as how my hair was hanging in my face and my nose was running . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the girl kept her eyes on me , but her hands were moving restlessly over the ground around her , no doubt searching for the knife . 
 `` izzy , '' she said . 
 i raised both my eyebrows . 
 not exactly a name to strike fear into the heart . 
 izzy must 've read that in my expression , because she frowned . 
 `` i 'm isolde brannick , daughter of aislinn , daughter of fiona , daughter of - '' `` right , right , daughter of a bunch of fierce ladies , got it . '' 
 i ran a hand over my face , my eyes aching and gritty . 
 i was n't sure i 'd ever been so tired in my life . 
 my head felt like it was filled with cement , and even my heartbeat seemed heavy and sluggish . 
 there was also this weird , niggling feeling at the back of my mind , like i was missing something important . 
 shoving that aside , i turned my attention back to izzy . 
 `` i 'm looking for grace mercer . '' 
 as soon as i said mom 's name , a thick , painful lump rose in my throat . 
 i blinked as i added , `` i was told she was with the brannicks , and i really need to find her . '' 
 and throw my arms around her , and cry for maybe a thousand years , i thought . 
 but izzy shook her head . 
 `` there 's no grace mercer with us . '' 
 the words fell on me like blows . 
 `` no , she has to be , '' i said . 
 izzy wavered in front of me , and i realized i was seeing her through tears . 
 `` call said she was with the brannicks , '' i insisted , my voice cracking . 
 izzy sat up straighter . 
 `` well , whoever call is , he was wrong . 
 there are only brannicks back at the compound . '' 
 find mom . 
 that had been the only thing i 'd focused on from the moment call turned to run into thorne abbey . 
 because if i could find mom , then somehow everything would be okay , and i 'd be able to find everyone else , too . 
 my dad , and jenna , and archer , and cal . 
 a wave of grief and exhaustion slammed into me . 
 if mom was n't here , then i 'd just put myself right in the middle of enemy territory for nothing . 
 no powers . 
 no parents . 
 no friends . 
 in that moment , i let myself entertain the idea of just putting the sword down and lying on the ground . 
 it would feel good , and really , if i 'd lost everything , who cared what this tiny homicidal person did to me ? 
 but just as quickly , i shut that thought right the heck down . 
 no way had i survived demon attacks , and ghoul duels , and demonglass explosions to end up murdered by raggedy ann . 
 whether mom was here or not , i was going to survive this . 
 my fingers tightened on the sword 's hilt until i felt the metal cut into my skin . 
 it hurt , but that was good . 
 that might actually keep me from passing out , which in turn would keep izzy from dissecting me , or whatever it was brannicks did to demons . 
 former demons . 
 whatever . 
 `` so you guys have a compound , '' i said , trying to will my brain into working . 
 `` that 's ... cool . 
 i bet it has bunkers and barbed wire . '' 
 izzy rolled her eyes . 
 `` duh . '' 
 `` right , so this compound . 
 where exactly ... '' my words trailed off as the ground started swaying . 
 or was it me weaving from side to side ? 
 and was everything getting dimmer because the flashlight was dying , or was it my eyes that had stopped working ? 
 `` no . 
 no , i am not going to faint . '' 
 `` um ... okay ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` did i say that out loud ? '' 
 izzy rose to her feet slowly . 
 `` you do n't look so good . '' 
 i would have glared at her if my eyes had n't been involved in more important things like not falling out of my skull . 
 a loud chattering noise filled my head , and i realized it was my teeth . 
 great . 
 i was going into shock . 
 that was just ... so inconvenient . 
 my knees started to give , and i held onto the sword 's handle even tighter , trying hard to stay on my feet . 
 archer 's sword , i told myself . 
 you ca n't pass out because you have to find him and help him ... but it was too late . 
 i was slipping to the ground , and izzy had turned around , obviously looking for the knife . 
 suddenly , i noticed a faint glow coming from somewhere behind me . 
 confused , i started to turn toward it , figuring it was probably a brannick hunting party . 
 and then i felt a powerful , almost electric buzz shoot through me . 
 i recognized it immediately . 
 magic . 
 i stood completely still , disoriented . 
 had my powers just-but no . 
 whatever was flowing through me , it did n't feel like my magic . 
 i 'd always felt my powers shoot up through my feet , rushing from the ground . 
 this magic felt like something light and cold settling on top of my head . 
 like snow . 
 like elodie 's magic . 
 that 's because it is my magic , moron , elodie 's voice sneered inside my head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i tried to say . 
 but my mouth would n't move . 
 one of my arms lifted from my side , but i was n't moving it , either . 
 and i certainly did n't shoot a golden bolt of power from my fingertips into izzy 's back . 
 shrieking , izzy tumbled to the ground . 
 i walked forward , the sword lifted high , but again , it was like i was a puppet . 
 i could feel the grooved metal of the sword 's hilt in my hands , and the pain in my shoulders from the strain of lifting it , but i had no control over what i was doing . 
 izzy had managed to get to her feet and was stumbling away from me . 
 she backed into a tree with a thump , and i watched as i placed the tip of the blade at her throat . 
 even as i began to wig out inside my own head , i could feel elodie 's triumph blazing through me . 
 get out ! 
 i screamed silently . 
 i would n't even want to share a dorm room with you , much less my body . 
 no way , was elodie 's only reply . 
 `` i 'm super over you right now , '' i heard myself snarl to izzy . 
 `` so you can either tell me where my mom is , or i can shish kebab you . 
 your choice . '' 
 izzy was panting , and there were tears pooling in her big green eyes . 
 she 's like , twelve , elodie , i thought . 
 whatever , elodie replied . 
 i could practically hear the eye-roll in her voice . 
 `` i - '' izzy said , her eyes darting to look somewhere over my shoulder . 
 i tried to turn my head to look , but elodie kept my gaze riveted on izzy . 
 `` you know , '' i said , feeling my lips curve into a smirk , `` a brannick killed by a demon with one of ll ` occhio di dio 's swords . 
 there 's something kind of delicious about that , do n't you think ? '' 
 there is something behind me , you crazy person ! 
 i shouted inwardly . 
 stop doing the creepy villain thing , and look ! 
 but elodie ignored me . 
 i was still studying izzy 's face when her look of terror suddenly crumpled into relief . 
 i was n't sure which emotion was stronger , my panic or elodie 's confusion , both of which i could feel welling up from my stomach . 
 and then both feelings were eclipsed by an enormous bolt of pain as something crashed into the back of my skull . 
 chapter 3 i was dead . 
 that was really the only explanation i had for the sensation that i was lying in a comfy bed , cool , clean-smelling sheets pulled up to my chin , and a soft hand stroking my hair . 
 that was nice . 
 being dead seemed pretty sweet , all things considered . 
 especially if it meant i got to nap for all eternity . 
 i snuggled deeper into the covers . 
 the hand on my hair moved to my back , and i realized someone was singing softly . 
 the voice was familiar , and something about it made my chest ache . 
 well , that was to be expected . 
 angels ' songs would be awfully poignant . '' ' 
 i was working as a waitress in a cocktail bar , when i met you ... ' '' the voice crooned . 
 i frowned . 
 was that really an appropriate song for the heavenly host to be - realization crashed into me . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 i cried , sitting up . 
 that was a mistake , because as soon as i did , agony exploded through my head . 
 gentle hands eased me back onto the pillows , and suddenly she was there . 
 mom , leaning over me , her face etched with worry and streaked with tears , but looking so beautiful that i wanted to cry , too . 
 `` this is real , right ? '' 
 i asked , glancing around the room . 
 it was tiny and dim , and smelled faintly woodsy , like cedar . 
 other than the bed and the cane-back chair next to it , it was completely bare . 
 bright golden-red light came in the one window , so i knew it was early evening . 
 `` this is n't a dream or some kind of concussion-related hallucination ? '' 
 i felt mom 's arm around my shoulders . 
 her lips were warm against my temple . 
 `` i 'm here , sweetie , '' she murmured . 
 `` really here . '' 
 and then i did cry . 
 a lot . 
 big , wrenching sobs that hurt . 
 through them , i tried to tell mom about everything that had happened at thorne , but i knew i was n't making any sense . 
 when the storm had finally passed , i lay against mom , taking deep , shaking breaths . 
 tears were running down her face , too , wetting the top of my head . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said . 
 `` that 's the story of my crappy summer vacation . 
 your turn . '' 
 mom sighed and hugged me tighter . 
 `` oh , soph , '' she said in a very small voice , `` i do n't even know where to begin . '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that 's a pretty good starting place . '' 
 `` at the brannick compound . '' 
 everything came back to me then . 
 izzy , and the sword , and elodie turning my body into a murderous puppet . 
 elodie ? 
 i asked silently . 
 you still there ? 
 but there was no reply . 
 i was the only person in my head for now . 
 speaking of which ... `` what happened to my head ? '' 
 `` finley-that 's izzy 's older sister-went out looking for her . 
 izzy said you attacked her with your powers . 
 i thought you said you could n't do magic anymore . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said . 
 `` it 's ... i 'll explain it later . 
 so finley cracked me over the head with what ? 
 a baseball bat ? 
 a mack truck ? '' 
 `` a flashlight , '' mom answered , her fingers delicately parting my hair over what felt like a basketball-sized lump on the back of my head . 
 we were quiet then , both of us knowing what i was going to ask next : why in the heck was my mom , who 'd spent most of her life running from all things magic , spending her summer vacay with a bunch of monster hunters ? 
 but something told me that whatever her answer was , it was going to be complicated . 
 and probably unpleasant . 
 and even though i was dying to know what had brought her here , we could get to it later , preferably when my brain was n't threatening to launch itself out of my skull . 
 `` it was hot , '' i said . 
 there are few topics less complicated and unpleasant than weather , right ? 
 `` outside . 
 where exactly is the brannicks ' place ? '' 
 `` tennessee , '' mom answered . 
 `` okay , well that 's ... wait , tennessee ? '' 
 i sat up to look at mom . 
 `` i used the itineris to travel from england to here . 
 it 's this magic portal thingie , '' i started to explain , but she was nodding like she already knew . 
 `` anyway , i left thorne at night , and i got here at night , so i could n't have gone that far . '' 
 mom was watching me very carefully . 
 `` sophie , '' she said , and something in her voice made my stomach go icy . 
 `` thorne abbey burned down nearly three weeks ago . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 i was there . 
 i was there last night , '' shaking her head , mom reached out and cupped my cheek . 
 `` sweetheart , it 's been seventeen days since we got word of what happened at thorne . 
 i thought ... '' her voice cracked . 
 `` i thought you 'd been captured or killed . 
 when finley brought you in tonight , it was like a miracle . '' 
 my mind was reeling . 
 seventeen days . 
 i remembered stepping into the itineris , remembered the crushing , still blackness . 
 but i 'd only felt it for a moment or two before i 'd found myself flat on my back in the woods . 
 how had seventeen days passed in the space of a few heartbeats ? 
 then another thought occurred to me . 
 `` if it 's been that long since thorne burned down , you must have heard something about dad . 
 or cal , or the casnoffs . '' 
 `` they 're all gone , '' a voice said from across the room . 
 i whipped my head around , wincing as i did . 
 a woman leaned against the doorframe , holding a steaming mug . 
 she was wearing jeans and plain black t-shirt , and her red hair , darker than izzy 's , fell over her shoulder in a long braid . 
 `` vanished off the face of the earth , '' she continued , moving into the room . 
 beside me , i could feel mom stiffen . 
 `` james atherton , the warlock boy , the other warlock boy , those casnoff witches , and their pet demon . 
 we figured you disappeared with them until you showed up trying to kill my daughter . '' 
 i 'd guessed this badass woman was aislinn brannick . 
 still , actually having her in front of me sent my stomach somewhere south of my knees . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` in my defense , she pulled a knife first , '' i said . 
 to my surprise , aislinn made a rusty sound that might have been a chuckle . 
 she handed me the mug . 
 `` drink this . '' 
 `` um , how ` bout , no , '' i replied , staring at the dark green contents . 
 whatever the liquid was , it smelled like pine trees and dirt , and seeing how this woman was izzy 's mom , i figured it was poisoned . 
 but aislinn just shrugged . 
 `` do n't , then . 
 no skin off my nose if your head hurts . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' mom said , never taking her eyes off aislinn . 
 `` it 'll make you feel better . '' 
 `` by making me dead ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean , i 'm sure that would make my headache go away , but that 's a heck of a side effect . '' 
 `` sophie , '' mom murmured , a warning tone in her voice . 
 but aislinn just regarded me shrewdly , a tiny smile playing on her lips . 
 `` she 's got a mouth on her , that 's for sure , '' she said . 
 her eyes flicked to mom . 
 `` must 've gotten that from him . 
 you were always quiet . '' 
 i looked to mom , confused , but she was still watching aislinn brannick , her face pale . 
 `` you need to get downstairs in five minutes , '' aislinn said , moving to stand at the foot of the bed . 
 `` family meeting . '' 
 i took a very hesitant sip from the warm mug . 
 it tasted even worse than it smelled , but as soon as it slid down my throat , i felt some of the pain in my skull recede . 
 closing my eyes , i leaned back against the headboard . 
 `` why do you need us for that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ca n't you guys just ... brannick it up without us ? '' 
 a heavy silence fell over the room , and when i opened my eyes , mom and aislinn were staring at one another . 
 `` she does n't know ? '' 
 aislinn asked at last , and a mix of dread and anger rose up in my chest . 
 i did n't want to deal with this . 
 i was n't ready to deal with this , not yet . 
 but when mom turned to me , i knew . 
 i saw it in the fear and sadness on her face , in the way her hands were clutching the blanket . 
 and i knew that whether i wanted to face it or not , there was a very simple reason for why she was here . 
 still , i heard myself ask , `` mom ? '' 
 but it was aislinn answered . 
 `` your mother is a brannick , sophia . 
 which makes you one of us , too . '' 
 chapter 4 when the door clicked shut behind aislinn , mom lowered her face into her hands with a shuddery exhale . 
 i downed the rest of the drink aislinn had given me . 
 instantly , my head felt better . 
 in fact , everything felt better , and i felt almost ... perky , even though my mouth felt like i 'd just licked a pine tree . 
 but the gross taste in my mouth was fine . 
 that gave me something to focus on other than the fact that basically everything in my life had been a lie . 
 or that i 'd somehow lost seventeen days . 
 or that i 'd had a ghost inside of my body . 
 suddenly , i missed jenna so much that it was almost a physical ache . 
 i wanted to hold her hand , and hear her say something that would make this whole situation funny instead of incredibly screwed up . 
 archer would 've been nice , too . 
 he probably would 've raised an eyebrow in that annoying/hot way he had , and made a dirty joke about elodie possessing me . 
 or cal . 
 he would n't say anything , but just his presence would make me feel better . 
 and dad - `` sophie , '' mom said , shaking me out of my reverie . 
 `` i do n't ... i do n't even know how to start explaining all of this to you . '' 
 she looked at me , her eyes red . 
 `` i meant to , so many times , but everything was always so ... complicated . 
 do you hate me ? '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` of course not . 
 i mean , i 'm not thrilled . 
 and i totally reserve the right to angst over all this later . 
 but honestly , mom ? 
 right now , i 'm so happy to see you that i would n't care if you 're secretly a ninja sent from the future to destroy kittens and rainbows . '' 
 she chuckled , a choked and watery sound . 
 `` i missed you so much , soph . '' 
 we hugged , my face against her collarbone . 
 `` i want the whole story , though , '' i said , my words muffled . 
 `` all of it on the table . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` absolutely . 
 after we talk to aislinn . '' 
 pulling back , i grimaced . 
 `` so how exactly are you related to her ? 
 are you guys like , cousins ? '' 
 `` we 're sisters . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` wait . 
 so you 're like , a brannick brannick ? 
 but you do n't even have red hair . '' 
 mom got off the bed , twisting her ponytail into a bun . 
 `` it 's called dye , soph . 
 now , come on . 
 aislinn is already in a mood . '' 
 `` yeah , picked up on that , '' i muttered , shoving the covers off and standing up . 
 mom and i left the bedroom and headed out to the dim landing . 
 there was only one other room on this floor , and i suddenly found myself thinking of thorne abbey and all its corridors and chambers . 
 it was still hard to believe a place that massive could just be ... gone . 
 we headed down a narrow flight of stairs that ended at a low arch . 
 beyond the arch was yet another murky room . 
 did these people have something against overhead lighting ? 
 i spotted an ancient green refrigerator , and a round wooden table positioned under a grimy window . 
 the smell of coffee hung in the air and there was a half-finished sandwich on the counter , but the kitchen was empty . 
 `` they must be in the war room , '' mom said , almost to herself . 
 `` hold up ; did you just say ` war room ' ? '' 
 i asked , but mom had already moved past the kitchen and was rounding a corner . 
 i trudged after her , trying to get a sense of the house . 
 the main word that came to mind was `` spartan . '' 
 at thorne , there had been so much stuff-paintings , tapestries , knickknacks , freakin ' suits of armor-that your eyes could n't process all of it . 
 here , it was like everything that was n't completely necessary had been stripped away . 
 heck , even some things that were necessary seemed to be missing . 
 i had n't seen a bathroom yet . 
 there were no windows , just several fluorescent bulbs affixed to the ceiling , throwing a sickly light over everything . 
 and by `` everything , '' i mean the one dingy brown couch , some metal folding chairs , a couple of overflowing bookshelves , some cardboard boxes , and a huge , round table covered in papers . 
 oh , and the weapons . 
 there were all kinds of scary instruments of death littered from one end of the room to the other . 
 next to the couch , i counted three crossbows , and there was a pile of what looked like those throwing star thingies on top of one of the bookcases . 
 izzy was sitting cross-legged on the couch , a paperback book in her hands . 
 she did n't look up when we came in , and i wondered what she was reading that had her so absorbed . 
 monster killing for beginners , probably . 
 the only other people in the room were aislinn and a girl who looked around my age . 
 when mom and i walked through the door , both their heads shot up from a book they were studying . 
 i saw a maglite tucked into a holster around the girl 's waist . 
 so this was finley , wielder of flashlights . 
 i rubbed the crown of my head , and she scowled at me . 
 i turned to look at my quiet , bookish mother , a woman i had honestly never seen swat a fly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but there is no way you grew up here . 
 it 's not even possible . '' 
 there was a whirring sound , and i felt something pass by my face . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw mom 's hand go up , and suddenly she was holding the hilt of a knife-a knife that had apparently just been hurled at her head . 
 the whole thing had happened in less than a second . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 mom did n't say anything , but kept her gaze focused on aislinn , who , i noticed , still had one hand slightly raised . 
 she was smiling . 
 `` grace was always the quickest of all of us , '' she said , and i realized she was talking to me . 
 smiling at me . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said . 
 `` well , i did n't get that from her , in case you 're wondering . 
 i ca n't even catch a football . '' 
 aislinn chuckled , even as finley 's scowl deepened . 
 `` so you 're the demon spawn , '' finley spit out . 
 `` finn ! '' 
 aislinn snapped . 
 huh . 
 so at least one of the brannicks hated me . 
 weirdly , that made me feel better . 
 that was normal . 
 and if there was one thing i knew how to deal with , it was mean girls . 
 `` i actually go by sophie . '' 
 from the couch , i heard a snort of laughter , and we all turned to look at izzy . 
 she covered her mouth and tried to turn it into a cough , but finley still jerked her head and said , `` go on to your room , iz . '' 
 izzy closed the book and laid it on her lap , and i was surprised to see that it was to kill a mockingbird . 
 `` finn , '' she protested . 
 `` i was n't laughing like , with her . '' 
 izzy glowered at me . 
 `` she tried to kill me . '' 
 `` actually , i did n't , '' i broke in . 
 there was a hard look in aislinn 's and finley 's eyes that scared the heck out of me . 
 the last thing i wanted was to be held responsible for elodie 's actions , especially now that i was , technically , one of these women , and the words just came pouring out of my mouth . 
 `` see , i do n't have powers anymore , because i was supposed to go through the removal , and that sort of locked my magic away so that i ca n't use it . 
 but there was this girl-well , this witch-elodie , and because she passed her magic on to me when she died , we 're connected . 
 that means her ghost follows me around and stuff , so when you attacked me , she possessed my body . 
 which is new and , quite frankly , super freaky , and something that i have n't really processed yet . 
 anyway , she was the one who used magic on you . 
 oh , and held the sword to your throat , and said all that creepy stuff . 
 i 'm not creepy . 
 at least not on purpose . '' 
 by now , all three brannick women-all four , if you counted mom-were staring at me . 
 man , what had that piney-tasting stuff been ? 
 the brannick version of red bull ? 
 `` i ` lll , uh , stop talking now . '' 
 aislinn was n't smiling anymore . 
 in fact , she looked kind of horrified . 
 finley leaned one hip against the table and crossed her arms . 
 `` what do you mean , you do n't have powers anymore ? '' 
 i tried very , very hard not to roll my eyes . 
 `` i mean exactly what i said . 
 i had powers , then the council-they 're the people who make all the rules for prodigium , '' i explained , only to have finley roll her eyes , and say , `` yeah , we know that . '' 
 `` awesome for you , '' i muttered . 
 `` so they did this ritual that did n't ... well , it was n't as intense as the removal . 
 my magic is n't gone forever . '' 
 at least , i hoped it was n't . 
 but i did n't say that to the brannicks . 
 aislinn and finley glanced at each other . 
 `` but for all intents and purposes , '' aislinn said , `` you 're human . '' 
 `` except for when elodie 's ghost possesses me , yup . '' 
 i thought that would make them happy ; after all , did n't they hate prodigium ? 
 but aislinn gripped the edge of the table with both hands and dropped her head with a long sigh . 
 finley laid a hand on her shoulder , and murmured , `` it 's okay , mom . 
 we 'll figure it out . '' 
 my own mom rubbed my back , and said quietly , `` oh , honey . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i felt that urge to fall on the floor and start sobbing rise up , so i shrugged and said , `` hey , i went to london to get my powers taken away . 
 it just did n't turn out the way i thought . 
 but no tattoos , so score . '' 
 aislinn pounded one of her fists on the table , and when she lifted her head , she suddenly looked every inch the scary prodigium hunter . 
 `` we are at war . 
 your kind is in the process of unleashing hell on the world , and you 're making jokes ? '' 
 i did n't know what had brought on the sudden shift from smiley aislinn to seriously pissed-off aislinn . 
 i met her gaze and said , `` in the past few hours , i 've been possessed , nearly had my head caved in , and found out my mom is secretly a prodigium hunter . 
 and before that , i lost just about everyone else i care about , and discovered that people i trusted are secretly demon-raising creeps . 
 my life sucks pretty hard right now . 
 so , yeah . 
 i 'm making jokes . '' 
 `` you 're useless to us now , '' finley said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , how exactly was i use ful to you before ? '' 
 i asked , even though i had a feeling i already knew . 
 sure enough , finley met my gaze and said , `` you heard mom . 
 we 're at war . 
 and you were supposed to be our weapon . '' 
 chapter 5 i stared at her . 
 `` and you guys thought i would do that , why , exactly ? '' 
 `` torin said you 'd fight for - '' izzy interjected , but aislinn held up her hand . 
 `` enough , isolde , '' she said . 
 `` it does n't matter now , anyway . '' 
 `` it matters to me , '' i said . 
 `` who the heck is torin ? 
 and what were you gon na do , use me like your very own magic bomb ? '' 
 mom 's arm tightened around my shoulders . 
 i shrugged her off and walked to the table to face aislinn . 
 `` that 's what they wanted to do , you know , '' i told her . 
 `` the casnoffs . '' 
 my voice wavered a little as i thought about nick and daisy , the two demon kids i 'd ... well , befriended was a strong word-i 'd gotten to know at thorne abbey . 
 the last time i 'd seen daisy , she 'd demoned out and tried to kill me , all thanks to lara casnoff . 
 same with nick , who attacked archer and nearly killed him . 
 because lara had turned them into demons , nick and daisy were under her control . 
 there was a part of me that missed them , weird and homicidal as they 'd been , which was probably why my voice got louder when i added , `` the casnoffs and the other members of the council want to use demons to fight you and the eye . '' 
 aislinn did n't seem angry anymore . 
 just defeated . 
 she ran a hand through her hair . 
 `` is that really what you think , sophie ? 
 that they 're raising demons to keep mon-your kind safe ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 yeah , i guess so . 
 i mean , they were always saying you were going to kill us all . '' 
 a weird look crossed aislinn 's face , almost like she felt sorry for me . 
 finley gave a disgusted sound . 
 `` right . 
 the only reason those casnoff chicks want to make demons is so that they 'll have their own secret service . 
 having their very own demon army would n't be convenient or anything . '' 
 thankfully one of those folding chairs was pretty close by , so i was able to sink into it . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' i said , looking over my shoulder at mom . 
 her mouth was set in a grim line . 
 `` let 's just say the brannicks have never believed that lara and anastasia 's father , alexei , was so interested in creating demons to protect other prodigium . 
 that much power ? 
 he basically had the equivalent of a magical nuclear weapon under his control . '' 
 alexei , with the help of another witch , had turned my great-grandmother , alice , into a demon . 
 she 'd been just a regular girl , but once alexei casnoff was done with her , she 'd become more or less a monster , the dark magic inside of her driving her insane . 
 so , yeah , you could create a demon , but controlling it was n't that easy . 
 `` the first night i ever spent at hex hall , '' i said to aislinn , `` mrs. casnoff showed us this big slide show of all the ways humans had killed prodigium over the years . 
 not just brannicks or the eye , but regular people , too . 
 mrs. casnoff basically made it seem like we prodigium are under attack all the time . '' 
 `` yeah , because regular people stand a chance against monsters , '' finley scoffed . 
 `` do you know how many brannicks there are , sophie ? '' 
 aislinn asked softly . 
 when i shook my head , she said , `` you 're looking at them . '' 
 i stared at her . 
 `` what , just ... just the three of you ? 
 and one of you is like , twelve ? '' 
 `` i 'm fourteen , '' izzy called from the couch , but no one paid any attention . 
 `` four when we had your mother , '' aislinn replied . 
 `` okay , but you 've teamed up with the eye , '' i said . 
 a few months ago , the prodigium council headquarters in london had burned down . 
 seven members of the council had been killed , and according to dad , it was ll ` occhio di dio working with the brannicks . 
 aislinn just laughed . 
 `` the eye ? 
 team up with us ? 
 there 's no way . 
 our family is descended from a witch , remember ? 
 the eye wants no part of that . '' 
 `` so , what-the eye attacked council headquarters by themselves ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they did n't attack it at all , '' finley said . 
 `` that was all your buddies , the casnoffs . '' 
 i felt like i 'd just been plunged into bizarro world , and i shook my head again , like that would somehow make my brain work faster . 
 `` but why would the casnoffs - '' and then it dawned on me . 
 `` it 's just like the slide show thing . 
 make everyone even more freaked out about the eye and the brannicks , and suddenly no one cares that you 're turning kids into demons . 
 not if demons will keep them safe from the eye , or all of you , '' i said , gesturing toward aislinn and finley . 
 aislinn nodded . 
 `` exactly . 
 and now they 've laid the destruction of thorne abbey and the possible death of your father on the eye , too . '' 
 my chest ached at that , and i felt mom 's hand on my hair . 
 `` so now it 's like the casnoffs have free rein to raise as many demons as they want , '' finley said . 
 `` and no one will stop them . '' 
 `` i will , '' i said automatically . 
 `` how ? '' 
 finley scoffed . 
 `` you do n't have any powers . 
 they have the most potent magical weapons ever . '' 
 inside my chest , my magic surged and shook . 
 `` we 're people , '' i said , and to my horror , i felt tears spring to my eyes . 
 i really , really did not want to cry in front of finley . 
 `` raising a demon just means pouring really dark magic into the soul of a regular person , or prodigium , or whatever . 
 that person , who they are , does n't go away . 
 nick and daisy . 
 and me and my-my dad . 
 we 're not things you can use and destroy . 
 we 're not weapons . '' 
 on that last word , i grabbed the edge of the table so hard , i broke one of my fingernails . 
 mom stepped forward , wrapping her hand around my elbow . 
 `` enough , '' she said . 
 `` the point is , we 'll find some way of stopping the casnoffs that does n't involve using sophie as anything . '' 
 `` that is n't your decision , grace , '' aislinn said . 
 mom whirled on her sister with a fierceness i 'd never seen in her before . 
 `` she is my daughter . '' 
 `` and we do n't always get to pick the paths our family members take , do we ? '' 
 aislinn replied , holding mom 's gaze . 
 a low chuckle reverberated throughout the room , and the hair on the back of my neck stood up . 
 izzy jumped , and both finley and aislinn turned to glare over their shoulders . 
 for the first time , i saw there was something hanging on the wall . 
 i was n't sure what exactly , because it was covered with a heavy piece of dark green canvas , but from its large , rectangular shape , i guessed it was a painting of some kind . 
 `` ah , grace and aislinn arguing . 
 it 's like old times again , '' a male voice said , sounding vaguely muffled . 
 `` could someone take this blasted thing off so that i can see ? '' 
 once again , my magic was thumping and bumping inside me , so i knew whatever was speaking , it was n't human . 
 still , when aislinn crossed over to the thing hanging on the wall and ripped down the canvas , i was taken aback by what i saw . 
 it was n't a painting after all ; it was a mirror , reflecting the dingy , gloomy room . 
 it was weird seeing the tableau we made . 
 mom stood with her hand still on my elbow , her expression wary . 
 aislinn was looking at the mirror with something like disgust , while izzy had gone even paler , and finley was scowling . 
 as for me , i was shocked by my reflection . 
 i was thinner than i remembered being , and my skin was dirty , tears leaving trails on my dusty cheeks . 
 and the hair ... you know what ? 
 let 's not even go there . 
 but my looking like little orphan sophie was n't what had my powers going nuts . 
 it was the guy . 
 in the mirror , he was sitting cross-legged in the middle of the round table , smirking out at all of us . 
 even though i knew he was n't really there , i glanced at the center of the table anyway . 
 the same maps and papers that were crumpled under him in the mirror were still unruffled and smooth . 
 his shaggy hair was dark blond , and lace dripped from the cuffs of his shirt , brushing the papers on the table as he rested his wrists on his knees . 
 he was also rocking some pretty impressive tall boots and ridiculously tight pants , so he was either way into renaissance faires over there in mirror-land , or he was very old . 
 i was guessing the latter . 
 `` so this is the girl all the fuss is over , '' he said , studying me . 
 his voice was low , and i think he would 've been hot if he were n't radiating this air of `` i am super evil-no , really-and not in the sexy way . '' 
 still , i was pretty sure he was just a regular warlock . 
 demons gave off a stronger , darker vibe , and while this guy was definitely bad news , he was n't that dark or that powerful . 
 aislinn whacked the frame of the mirror with her hand , causing the table the guy sat on to rock and nearly tip over . 
 the table in the room stayed still . 
 clutching one side of the table , mirror boy frowned , then opened his mouth to say something . 
 aislinn cut him off . 
 `` you were wrong , torin . 
 she does n't have powers anymore . '' 
 torin shrugged . 
 `` does she not ? 
 well , that certainly makes things more interesting . '' 
 he smiled . 
 maybe some women would 've found it charming . 
 i just found it skeevy . 
 that must have shown on my face , because his grin quickly collapsed , and he turned back to aislinn with a shrug . 
 `` it 's no matter . 
 i 'm never wrong . 
 i told you that thorne abbey would be consumed in fire , and it was . 
 i told you this girl would be returned to you , and so she has been . '' 
 he pointed at aislinn . 
 the surface of the mirror bowed out around his finger , like a stretchy bubble . 
 `` and i told you that you would lose grace to one of the beasts . 
 no one wanted to believe that one , '' he said to me . 
 `` and yet , here you are . 
 proof that my prophecies are always correct . 
 and what i told you is true , aislinn , '' he added , turning to her . 
 `` this girl will stop the casnoff witches . '' 
 a heavy silence fell over the room as we all stared at the guy in the glass , and i tried to wrap my mind around the fact that the brannicks , witch kill ers extraordinaire , were listening to a prophecy-spouting warlock , and that said warlock had apparently tapped me to end this big freaking magical war that was brewing . 
 still , i did n't like my dad being referred to as a `` beast , '' so i tried my best to look disdainful as i stood up . 
 `` you guys have a magic mirror ? 
 you should 've mentioned that earlier , '' i said to izzy . 
 `` i mean , that 's way cooler than barbed wire and bunkers . '' 
 `` it is n't a magic mirror , '' izzy replied , and i could n't help but notice the way her eyes never moved from torin . 
 `` he 's our prisoner . '' 
 `` guest , '' torin snapped , but everyone ignored him . 
 `` how did you manage to trap a warlock when you do n't use magic ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the brannicks did n't trap him , '' mom answered . 
 `` he did that all by himself . '' 
 torin suddenly became very interested in straightening his cuffs , turning his back to us . 
 `` he was attempting a spell that was just a little too big for him , '' finley added . 
 `` ended up stuck in there , back in 1589 . '' 
 `` 1587 , '' torin corrected . 
 `` and the spell was in no way ` too big ' for me . 
 it was just ... trickier than i 'd expected . '' 
 finley snorted . 
 `` sure . 
 anyway , avis brannick found him ... it , whatever , a few years later , and brought the mirror back to the rest of the family . '' 
 `` when avis discovered that torin had the power of prophecy , she realized he could be a useful tool . 
 we 've been his guardians ever since , '' aislinn finished up . 
 i wondered if they always told stories in a round like that . 
 it reminded me of the three-way glances that elodie , anna , and chaston used to do , and i felt another one of those weird pangs in my chest . 
 it was n't as if i 'd liked those three , but now one of them was dead and two of them were missing . 
 god only knows what had happened to them . 
 `` they have been corrupted , '' torin said , and i startled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you were just thinking of two witches you knew back at your school , wondering what happened to them , '' he said . 
 for the first time , i realized his eyes were so dark brown , they were nearly black . 
 `` you suspect the casnoff women turned them into demons . 
 they did . '' 
 `` wait , so you do n't just tell the future ? 
 you know other stuff , too ? '' 
 he nodded , pleased with himself . 
 `` i know many things , sophia mercer . 
 and you have so many questions , do n't you ? 
 where were you for those seventeen days ? 
 whatever became of your little bloodsucker friend and your father ... ? '' 
 without thinking , i crossed the room to stand right in front of the glass . 
 `` is my dad alive ? 
 is jenna - '' i broke off as torin started chuckling and backing away . 
 `` i ca n't give away all my secrets , '' he said , spreading his hands wide . 
 every ounce of magic inside of me wanted to leap through the glass and blast him into tiny pieces . 
 i settled for just grabbing the frame and shaking it . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 i shouted as he fell to the ground , the mirror-table finally turning over , papers spilling onto the floor . 
 strong hands gripped my shoulders and pulled me back . 
 i spun around , expecting to see aislinn holding me , but it was mom . 
 `` cover that damn thing back up , '' mom said to her sister . 
 as aislinn draped the canvas back over the mirror , mom smoothed my hair away from my face . 
 `` we 're going to find your dad , sweetheart . 
 and jenna . '' 
 she shot a glare at the now-covered mirror . 
 `` and we 're not going to use torin to do it . '' 
 her eyes swung to aislinn . 
 `` we never should have started listening to him in the first place . '' 
 `` we do n't have many choices left , grace , '' aislinn said . 
 she sounded tired . 
 whatever had been in that green drink was starting to wear off , and i could feel weariness seeping back into my bones . 
 i was just about to ask if i could go back up to my room when aislinn sighed and said , `` we can talk about all of this later . 
 it 's nearly sunset . '' 
 she motioned to finley and izzy . 
 `` come on girls , time for patrol . '' 
 without a word , the two younger brannicks headed for the door . 
 i watched them go , and was plotting when i could sneak back in here to have a word -lrb- or a thousand -rrb- with torin when aislinn clamped a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` you too , sophia . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` all brannicks under eighteen are required to patrol the grounds during evening shift . '' 
 she handed me something , and it took me a few seconds to realize what it was : a silver stake . 
 i blinked at aislinn , not understanding . 
 she grinned , and it was terrifying . 
 `` welcome to the family . '' 
 chapter 6 `` so neither massive head injuries , nor finding out you 're a member of this family thirty freaking minutes ago-and therefore have very little experience handling weapons-gets you out of patrol ? '' 
 i asked as i met finley and izzy by the backdoor . 
 after aislinn had made her announcement , mom had tried to argue on my behalf , saying that a -rrb- i was still processing the whole `` being a brannick '' thing , and b -rrb- i had gone through a lot , so maybe i could use a nap . 
 or a snack . 
 aislinn 's answer was to give me ten minutes to take a shower , some of finley 's clothes , and a flask full of that pine-sol-tasting liquid . 
 the shower had helped , even if it had been lukewarm ; and while the clothes were both a little too long and a little too tight , i was happy to be out of my grimy , smoky stuff from thorne abbey . 
 i slipped the silver stake into one of my belt loops and hoped it would n't sever an artery . 
 then i 'd taken a few sips of the green stuff before heading downstairs , and while it still tasted awful , i was feeling better . 
 i took another hesitant swallow now as izzy snorted and said , `` i 'm pretty sure decapitation would n't get us out of patrol . '' 
 i smiled , which earned me a glare from finley . 
 `` i know it must be an adjustment after having faeries , or whatever , do your dirty work for you , but this is how we do things here , '' she said , shoving a black backpack at me . 
 `` please . 
 you must never have met a faerie if you think they do anything dirty , '' i replied . 
 `` we 've met plenty of faeries , '' finley snapped , but her shoulders were up around her ears , and izzy shot her a curious look . 
 whatever . 
 i had enough family drama of my own to deal with . 
 but then i reminded myself that technically , izzy and finley were my family . 
 demons on one side , prodigium hunters on the other . 
 was it any wonder i was so screwed up ? 
 finley turned to face the door , which was bolted with several different locks . 
 i watched her spin the dial on two , open another with a key she wore around her neck , and unhook a latch at the top . 
 `` man , i bet it takes you forever to get into your locker , '' i joked , but izzy shook her head . 
 `` we do n't go to school , '' she said , and there was something so serious and mournful in her voice that i did n't have the heart to tell her i 'd only been kidding . 
 finley pressed her shoulder against the door , and it opened with an ominous creak . 
 we stepped outside and into what appeared to be a playground designed by ninjas . 
 there were two balance beams , both at least six feet above the ground . 
 there was also a pull-up bar and a heavy iron cage at the very edge of the clearing . 
 near that , several targets were set up . 
 i spotted arrows stuck in one , some gnarly knives in another , and throwing stars in the third . 
 trees circled the clearing , and just beyond them , i could make out a few other structures . 
 following my gaze , izzy nodded toward them and said , `` tents . 
 they built this place back in the thirties , when there were still lots of brannicks . 
 they used to have gatherings here . 
 that 's what we called the big brannick meet - '' `` shut up , iz , '' finley said , walking away from us . 
 `` she 's not a freaking brannick , so do n't tell her all of our stuff , okay ? '' 
 for the record , she did n't really say `` stuff . '' 
 or `` freaking '' for that matter . 
 a few months ago i probably would 've had a snotty comeback for her , but i decided to let this one go . 
 i turned back to ask izzy more about the brannicks , and as i did , the setting sun glared off the small emerald pendant around her neck . 
 suddenly , the image of jenna 's shattered bloodstone flashed in my mind , and i made myself shove it away . 
 still , something must 've shown on my face , because izzy said , `` she 's normally not like that . 
 well , i mean , she is , but the bad words are a new thing . '' 
 i kind of wanted to ruffle her hair , but something told me she would n't take that very well . 
 so instead , i just shrugged and said , `` it was n't that . 
 i was just thinking about ... forget it . 
 anyway , i get why finley is n't in the best of moods . '' 
 the setting sun burned brightly off finley 's copper hair as she stalked across the clearing and disappeared into the trees . 
 izzy and i followed , and i slung my backpack over my shoulder . 
 it clanked , and i glanced at izzy . 
 `` so what exactly does ` patrolling ' entail ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` making sure the woods are clean of supes . '' 
 `` why would there be soup in-oh , ` supes ' ? 
 like for ` supernaturals ' ? 
 is that what you guys call us ? '' 
 izzy did n't turn around , and it could have just been a trick of the light , but i thought the tips of her ears pinkened . 
 `` it 's just something i made up , '' she mumbled , and i was very glad she had her back to me as a smile broke out over my face . 
 `` i like that . '' 
 she spun around then , and i made sure my expression was deadly serious . 
 `` i mean it , '' i told her . 
 `` you know what we call ourselves , right ? 
 prodigium . '' 
 i made a derisive snort . 
 `` the only thing lamer and more pretentious than latin is made-up latin . '' 
 izzy watched me for a moment and apparently decided i was n't making fun of her , because she gave a little nod . 
 for the first time , i saw that she had a cluster of freckles across the bridge of her nose , just like i did . 
 i 'd lost sight of finley by now , but izzy seemed to know where we were going . 
 for a long time , we made our way through the trees and underbrush in silence . 
 even though the sun was nearly down , i was sweating , and i tugged at the neckline of my borrowed black t-shirt . 
 `` do you guys actually get a lot of , um , supes around here ? 
 because in my experience , they do n't really like to lurk around forests that surround the home of a bunch of people who want to kill them . '' 
 i came to a stop as a memory resurfaced . 
 i 'd been so busy freaking out over finding the brannicks that i 'd totally forgotten about the werewolf izzy and finley had been chasing . 
 `` what happened to that were last night ? '' 
 i asked izzy now . 
 izzy turned to me with a grin that reminded me way too much of her mother . 
 `` what do you think we 're hunting tonight ? '' 
 i twisted and pulled at my backpack until it was in front of me , then opened it . 
 more silver stakes . 
 little glass bottles of holy water . 
 and , oh my god , was that a gun ? 
 my knees were wobbling as i zipped up the bag o'death and gingerly dropped it in the grass . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 izzy asked . 
 `` um , a lot ? 
 there is seriously so much wrongness going on right now . 
 namely , the fact that you people are teenagers with bags of guns . '' 
 izzy stiffened a little at that . 
 `` we 're not kids , '' she spit out . 
 `` we 're brannicks . '' 
 sighing , i shoved my hands in my pockets . 
 `` i get that , but look , izzy , i ca n't kill a werewolf . 
 i know werewolves . 
 i lived with some , and they 're ... well , they 're gross and slobbery and super scary , but i ca n't kill one . '' 
 i waited for her to whip out a crossbow , or handheld cannon , or whatever other crazy killing implement she was no doubt packing . 
 instead , she tilted her head and asked , `` you lived with werewolves ? '' 
 it was almost fully dark now , and i wished i could see her face better . 
 `` yeah , '' i answered . 
 `` at hex hall . 
 there were a few of them there . 
 this one girl , beth , was actually pretty nice . 
 and then there was this kid , justin , who was n't much older than you are . '' 
 i knelt down to scoop up the bag again , only to have her shock the heck out of me again by asking , `` what other kind of supes did you live with ? '' 
 looking up at her , i said , `` all kinds . 
 like i said earlier , faeries-and there were witches and warlocks . 
 my roommate was - '' i broke off and gave myself a second to swallow the lump that had risen in my throat . 
 `` my roommate was a vampire . 
 jenna . '' 
 `` holy crap , '' izzy said , and once again , she sounded like a kid . 
 especially when she added , `` mom and finley faced off against a couple of vampires last year . 
 i did n't get to go because they said it was too dangerous . 
 were n't you scared she was gon na like , drink your blood when you slept ? '' 
 my impulse was to immediately defend jenna , but i remembered how i 'd felt that first night in our dorm room , when i 'd come in to find her chowing down on a bag of blood . 
 `` a little bit . 
 before i got to know her . 
 but once i did , i was never afraid that she 'd hurt me . 
 she was - is-my best friend . '' 
 and then , before i could start crying again and risk death by dehydration , i stood up , holding the backpack out from my body . 
 `` also , it 's kind of hard to be scared of a vampire who 's barely five feet tall and has pink hair , you know ? '' 
 izzy was quiet for a moment before saying , `` pink hair ? '' 
 `` well , not over her whole head , but a stripe - '' i said , before the way izzy had said `` pink hair '' registered . 
 i thought of all those papers , files , and boxes in the war room . 
 `` have you heard of her ? 
 have you guys seen her ? '' 
 i asked , my heart surging in my chest . 
 `` no , '' another voice snapped , and i turned to see finley standing behind me . 
 `` we have n't heard anything about a pink-haired vamp , and if we had , we 'd be going over to england to stake her because that 's what we do . 
 now , let 's go . '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 i had n't meant for my voice to be so loud , but it seemed to reverberate through the dark forest . 
 `` and if i ever hear the word ` stake ' in reference to jenna again , i will - '' `` what ? '' 
 finley shouted back . 
 `` push me down ? 
 pull my hair ? 
 you do n't have powers . 
 we lost everything because of you , and you 're useless . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry my lack of magic is inconvenient to you . 
 and what do you mean you ` lost everything ' ? '' 
 finley stepped closer to me , and in the soft glow of the moonlight , i could see that her eyes were bright with anger . 
 `` there were n't always just three of us . 
 in fact , about seventeen years ago , there were nearly fifty . 
 it still was n't a lot , but it was something . '' 
 she stopped and rubbed at her nose . 
 `` until the others found out that your mom got knocked up by a demon . 
 my mom was supposed to be the next head of the family , but instead , they kicked her out . 
 they elected some distant cousin to lead them , some chick who was n't even a direct descendant of maeve brannick . '' 
 `` okay , well , i 'm sorry if your mom did n't get to be head brannick-in-charge or whatever , but all of that happened before we were even born . 
 so i really do n't see - '' `` three months after the new leader was elected , she led the entire brannick family on a raid to the biggest vampire nest in north america . 
 do i need to spell out what happened next ? '' 
 sick to my stomach , i shook my head . 
 `` it was stupid and pointless , and mom would 've known that , '' finley said , nearly spitting her words . 
 `` if your mom had n't gotten my mom kicked out of the brannicks , that raid never would 've happened . 
 but you know what ? 
 when torin said you 'd be the one to stop the casnoffs , i thought , hey , maybe there was a point in losing our entire family . 
 at least this freak can do something for us . 
 but you ca n't . 
 so all those brannicks died for nothing . '' 
 i did n't know what to say to any of that . 
 so in the end , i settled on what seemed like the easiest thing . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she snorted , and reached down to fumble with something at her waist . 
 `` whatever . 
 it does n't matter . 
 now , let 's finish this circuit before - '' she did n't finish her sentence . 
 this time , there was no howl , no crashing through the bushes . 
 there was just a large dark shape , leaping out of the night , and finley 's scream as the werewolf landed on her . 
 chapter 7 for a few seconds , everything descended into pandemonium . 
 the werewolf was snarling , izzy was yelling for finley , and i had apparently dropped the backpack full of weapons again , since it was n't in my hands anymore . 
 as stupid as it sounds , i still waited a second , hoping to feel my magic swelling up from the soles of my feet . 
 would i ever get used to being ... well , human ? 
 my fingers finally closed over the strap of the bag , but even as i pulled it to me , i wondered just what i was going to do . 
 i 'd never fired a gun in my life , and i was n't sure how exactly to stake something . 
 finley 's and aislinn 's words echoed in my brain : useless , useless , useless . 
 i glanced up to see izzy holding the same knife she used on me last night , but as finley and the were scuffled in the dirt , izzy wavered on her feet , obviously unsure of how to go after the creature without hurting finley . 
 i fished in the bag and drew out a handful of holy water vials . 
 rising to my feet , i chucked them at the werewolf 's back with everything i had in me . 
 it turned out that was n't a lot , because only one of the tiny bottles cracked . 
 the others rolled harmlessly off its fur and onto the ground . 
 still , i got its attention . 
 it rose off of finley and spun to face me , big strings of drool dripping from its muzzle . 
 i gulped as finley scooted backward . 
 last night i 'd seen a spark of humanity in the werewolf 's eyes . 
 tonight , with the full moon rising , it was obviously more animal than human . 
 still , it did n't attack me . 
 instead , it lowered its nose and sniffed , cocking its head to the side . 
 `` that 's right , '' i said , wishing my voice was n't shaking . 
 `` you know what i am . '' 
 i might not be able to use magic , but i knew the were could still sense i was more than just an ordinary human . 
 `` now , look , '' i said , very aware of finley and izzy staring at me like i was a crazy person . 
 `` i know you 're scared , and i know these girls have been hunting you . 
 but if you hurt them , you 're just going to give more people like them more reasons to want to kill you . 
 so why do n't you just , uh , scamper off ? '' 
 the were considered me , and for the space of three breaths , i thought we might all get out of this unscathed . 
 and then it bared its teeth , a low growl rumbling out of its chest , and i knew i was screwed . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw finley loading a bolt in a mini-crossbow , but i knew how fast werewolves could move . 
 there was no way she 'd get off a shot before it was on me . 
 and then i saw a bright flash . 
 for a second , i thought maybe izzy had fired a gun , but then that feeling of anger and pride and ... power flooded through me . 
 my hand lifted , my fingers twisted , and the werewolf froze , a sparkling net of magic holding it in place . 
 there ! 
 elodie 's voice exalted in my head , and if i 'd been in control of my body , i would 've gritted my teeth . 
 i appreciate the save , but come on . 
 this body-snatcher thing needs to stop . 
 this time , there was no answer , but i felt even more magic pouring down over my head and shoulders . 
 i watched my fingers move again , and the spell holding the werewolf pulsed , sending out blue sparks . 
 and then , with a rush of air , the werewolf vanished . 
 where did it go ? 
 i asked elodie . 
 another dimension , she replied , and i wondered how a voice inside my head could sound so flippant . 
 what the-i started to ask , but then i was turning around and facing the brannick girls . 
 `` stop being bitchy to sophie , '' i heard myself say . 
 finley and izzy looked at each other , then back at me . 
 `` um , why are you talking about yourself in the third person ? '' 
 izzy asked . 
 but finley shook her head . 
 `` it 's not sophie , iz , '' she said . 
 `` remember what she told us ? 
 she can only do magic when a ghost possesses her . 
 i 'm guessing this is the ghost . '' 
 i felt myself nod . 
 `` elodie , '' my mouth said . 
 `` and i 'm serious . 
 she 's not exactly my favorite person , but she 's been through a lot . 
 it 's not her fault your stupid club kicked aislinn out and then got themselves killed . 
 crap happens . '' 
 i stepped forward toward finley , watched as my finger poked her in the chest . 
 `` so take your teen angst somewhere else , and cut the girl some slack . '' 
 i was speechless . 
 elodie parris , defending me ? 
 maybe in all this chaos , hell actually had frozen over . 
 finley narrowed her eyes at me , but izzy said , `` she saved you , finn . 
 before the ghost got in her . 
 she fought a werewolf even though she did n't have any magic or any fighting skills . 
 this ghost seems like kind of a jerk , but maybe ... maybe she 's right . '' 
 see ? 
 elodie said in my head . 
 that 's how you handle chicks like this . 
 i really do n't need you to fight my battles for me , i replied , and she snorted . 
 oh yeah , you totally had that werewolf . 
 i was about to make a sarcastic comment right back , but before i could , elodie swooped away . 
 i 'd been unconscious the last time she did that , which , it turns out , had been a good thing . 
 because having a ghost in control of your body suddenly vanish ? 
 it 's kind of traumatic . 
 i fell to my hands and knees , gasping at the sensation of having a band-aid ripped off my soul . 
 i stayed there , breathing deeply and wondering how i was ever going to stand up again . 
 and then i felt a hand slide under my arm . 
 izzy was helping me to my feet . 
 finley took my other arm , and between the two of them , they got me up and moving . 
 `` thanks , '' i mumbled . 
 to my surprise , it was finley who said , `` no problem . '' 
 then to izzy , she added , `` let 's get her back to the house . '' 
 we stumbled through the dark night . 
 `` so do you have any idea where she put the werewolf ? '' 
 izzy asked me . 
 `` she said another dimension , so who the heck knows what that means ? '' 
 when we arrived at the house , mom and aislinn were sitting in the kitchen . 
 they both had coffee mugs , and from the tension that hung in the air , i was guessing they 'd been having some kind of intense conversation . 
 as finley rummaged around in the cabinets for antiseptic-the scratches on her arm looked red and angry-i filled aislinn in on what had happened . 
 `` that 's a very powerful spell , '' she said , and even though the words you think ? 
 immediately sprung to mind , i bit them back . 
 `` if you can send creatures into other dimensions - '' aislinn continued , but i cut her off . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 elodie can . 
 and it 's not like she 's reliable . '' 
 that was the nicest way i could think of to say , back off with this weapon stuff , because it ai n't happening . 
 aislinn sagged back in her chair , the light fading from her eyes . 
 `` right . 
 that 's a good point . '' 
 mom said , `` okay , that 's enough for tonight . 
 sophie needs her rest , and i 'm sure finley and izzy do , too . '' 
 she glanced around the kitchen . 
 `` speaking of , where is izzy ? '' 
 finley winced as she patted her bandage into place . 
 `` she probably went upstairs already . '' 
 we all said good night then , bringing an end to what might have been the most bizarre twenty-four hours of my life -lrb- which said a lot -rrb- . 
 aislinn told me i could keep the bedroom i 'd been in earlier , and after hugging mom-who was apparently going to stay downstairs to finish her discussion with aislinn-i trudged back up the dimly lit staircase to my room . 
 izzy was standing outside my door , a folder clutched in one hand . 
 `` hey , '' she said , sounding a little sheepish . 
 `` hey . 
 look , izzy , i 'm really beat , so whatever you want to talk about - '' `` here , '' she said , thrusting the folder into my hands . 
 `` i just ... i wanted to say thank you . 
 for trying to save finley and for ... i do n't know . 
 being nicer to us than you had to be . '' 
 i smiled at her , and for a second , we did that `` are we gon na hug ? '' 
 dance , both of us moving in and out , our arms held at our sides . 
 good to know awkwardness apparently ran in the family . 
 in the end , we just kind of patted each other 's shoulders before izzy went back downstairs , and i headed into my room . 
 i leaned against the door as i opened the folder izzy had given me . 
 that ended up being a good thing , because as soon as i saw what was inside , my knees gave out . 
 i slid down the door , one hand over my mouth as tears flooded my eyes . 
 there were only two things in the folder . 
 one was a grainy color photograph that looked like it was some kind of surveillance shot . 
 the other was a piece of paper with a few lines typed on it . 
 the photograph showed a vampire i knew well - lord byron . 
 yes , the poet . 
 he 'd been a teacher at hex hall , and once he 'd left the school , i 'd seen him at a club in london . 
 and now here he was , strolling down a street , a scowl on his face . 
 but he was n't alone . 
 jenna was walking next to him , looking nervously over her shoulder at something . 
 she was thinner than normal , and paler , if that was even possible . 
 but there was no mistaking that bright pink stripe . 
 i ran my fingers over her image before looking at the paper . 
 new vampire joined lord byron 's nest , the note read . 
 female , age tbd , possibly one jennifer talbot . 
 there was a date under that . 
 taking into account those three weeks i 'd missed , the picture was taken less than a week ago . 
 jenna was safe . 
 jenna was safe and not burned up . 
 she was with byron , who may have been a total jerk , but who would take good care of her . 
 i closed my eyes and hugged the picture tight to my chest . 
 if jenna was alive , then maybe dad , archer , and call were , too . 
 chapter 8 the next morning , izzy took me on a tour of the compound . 
 as promised , there was barbed wire and bunkers , but the main thing i took away from the place was how still and barren it was . 
 `` we 've always lived here , and the other brannicks used it as sort of a halfway house . 
 they came here for extra training , for strategy sessions , whatever , '' izzy told me as we walked through the basement . 
 there were a couple of cots down there , all covered with the same scratchy-looking blue blankets . 
 fluorescent lights buzzed overhead . 
 `` where 's your dad ? '' 
 i asked her , sitting down cross-legged on a cot . 
 `` i mean , you obviously have one . '' 
 izzy fidgeted with her hair . 
 `` he 's hunting supes on his own . 
 boys are n't allowed to live with brannicks . 
 they just come for , uh , visits and stuff . 
 we usually see him every three months or so . '' 
 `` that 's very ... amazon woman of you . '' 
 she sat down next to me and began picking at the blanket . 
 `` it sucks , '' she muttered . 
 i caught myself going to take her hand and then pulling back at the last second . 
 `` thank you for jenna 's picture , '' i said , changing the subject . 
 blushing , izzy suddenly became very interested in one of her nails . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 when you said pink hair , i remembered that picture we 'd gotten in last week , and i figured it was her . '' 
 `` i do n't guess you happen to have any other pictures lying around ? '' 
 i was so relieved to know that jenna was okay , but that did n't lessen the hollow feeling in my stomach whenever i thought about my dad , cal , and archer . 
 izzy shook her head . 
 `` no , that one came in from a friend of mom 's that specializes in hunt-um , keeping up with vampires . '' 
 she ducked her head , looking up at me from underneath her bangs . 
 `` you 're still really worried about your dad , are n't you ? '' 
 my voice was a little strangled when i replied , `` yeah . 
 i am . 
 i 'm actually worried about a lot of people . 
 do you think ... that dude in the mirror , torin . 
 would he really know where my dad is ? '' 
 something flickered across izzy 's face , and she pulled back a little . 
 `` maybe . 
 but he 'll just say a bunch of smart-ass stuff before maybe telling you anything real . 
 that 's what he does . '' 
 standing , i said , `` i think i can hold my own in smartassery . '' 
 i jogged up the basement steps , determined to go have a little word with mirror boy . 
 until i knew that all the people i cared about were safe , i could n't even begin to wrap my mind around this whole casnoff thing . 
 but when i got to the war room , mom was inside , leaning against the big table , arms crossed , facing torin . 
 whatever they 'd been talking about , they stopped as soon as i entered . 
 i did n't like the expressions on either of their faces . 
 `` um , hey , '' i said , rapping my knuckles on the door-frame . 
 `` i was actually just coming to talk to you . '' 
 `` okay , '' mom said , but i shook my head . 
 `` not you . 
 i mean , we definitely need to talk , but first , i want to talk to you . '' 
 i pointed at torin . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` certainly . 
 although i 'm guessing that your inquiries are the same as your mother 's . 
 where is james , is he alive , is there any way to reach him ... '' `` you were asking him about dad ? '' 
 mom threw a dirty look at torin . 
 `` i was . 
 not that it 's doing much good . 
 i 'd forgotten just how annoying you were . '' 
 still smiling , torin rested his chin in his hand and said , `` you know , if you 'd just release me from this bloody mirror , i could go get james myself . 
 providing he is n't burnt to a crisp , of course . '' 
 i clenched my fists and called him a word i had never , ever said in front of my mom , but she did n't seem particularly offended . 
 instead , she muttered , `` agreed , '' and with a flick of her wrist , dropped the canvas covering the mirror . 
 `` he 's useless most of the time , '' mom said , rubbing the back of her neck . 
 the lines of worry around her mouth were even deeper . 
 `` aislinn should 've gotten rid of him years ago . '' 
 `` i heard that ! '' 
 torin cried , his voice muffled by the canvas . 
 mom rolled her eyes . 
 `` do you want to get out of here for a little bit ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 what i 'd wanted to do was talk to torin , but i knew there was a lot of stuff mom and i needed to hash out . 
 besides , it was n't like mirror boy was going anywhere . 
 `` sure . '' 
 we ended up going for a walk . 
 it was weird how pretty and nonthreatening the forest around the brannick compound looked in the daytime . 
 for a long time , we were quiet . 
 it was n't until we reached the trunk of a huge tree , arching over a trickle of water too tiny to even be called a creek , that mom said anything . 
 `` this used to be my favorite place to come and think . 
 back when i was your age . '' 
 `` i bet you had a lot to think about back then . '' 
 she chuckled , but there was nothing happy about the sound . 
 we sat down on the fall en tree . 
 the tips of mom 's boots touched the water , but mine were still a few inches above it . 
 `` okay , talk , '' i said , once we were seated . 
 `` i wan na hear the whole story of how you went from baby brannick to grace-oh , wow . '' 
 i turned and looked at mom . 
 `` mercer is just a made-up name , is n't it ? 
 you 're grace brannick . '' 
 mom looked a little embarrassed . 
 `` the night i ran away , the car that picked me up was a mercedes . 
 when the driver asked me my name , i. . . 
 improvised . '' 
 names are just words . 
 i know that . 
 but learning that the last name i 'd used all my life was fake ... `` so what should i call myself , then ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sophie atherton ? 
 sophie brannick ? '' 
 both sounded weird and made me feel like i was wearing clothes that did n't fit . 
 mom smiled and brushed my hair away from my face . 
 `` you can call yourself whatever you want . '' 
 `` okay . 
 sophie awesome sparkle-princess it is . '' 
 mom laughed then , a real laugh , and laced her fingers with mine . 
 we sat there on that tree , my head on her shoulder , and mom told me her story . 
 it reminded me of when i was little and she 'd read to me before bedtime . 
 and her tale was n't much different than the fairy tales i used to love , the really dark ones full of scary stuff and heartbreak . 
 `` growing up here , life was ... well , you 've seen what it 's like for finley and izzy . 
 it was brutal . 
 i loved my family , but it was just training , and fighting , and hunting , and more training . '' 
 mom sighed and pressed her cheek against the top of my head . 
 `` it just did n't seem like any way to live . 
 so when i was twenty-one , i left . 
 went out for patrol one night , and just ... kept walking . '' 
 she 'd gone to england , hoping to do more research into the brannick history , to see if there was some other way she could be useful to her family that did n't involve killing things . 
 `` then you met dad , '' i said softly . 
 once again , i wondered where dad was . 
 how he was . 
 if he was . 
 `` yes '' was all she said . 
 `` did you know what he was ? '' 
 `` no , '' mom answered , her voice thick with tears . 
 `` what i told you about meeting your dad , all that was true . 
 we were at the british library and requested the same book about the history of witchcraft . '' 
 i gave a little laugh . 
 `` that should 've been a clue . '' 
 `` probably , '' mom said . 
 `` when i went over to his table to ask if i could use it ... '' she broke off with a sigh . 
 `` it was such a cliche . 
 he handed me the book , our fingers touched , and that was that . 
 i was a goner . '' 
 i thought about that first day i 'd seen archer leaning against a tree outside hecate hall . 
 `` i know the feeling , '' i muttered . 
 `` we were together for nearly a year . 
 and then one day , i woke up early and saw him conjuring breakfast out of thin air . 
 scared me to death . '' 
 `` how could you live with him a whole year before knowing what he was ? 
 izzy figured out that i was n't human after , like , five seconds . '' 
 pushing her hair off her forehead , mom said , `` that 's izzy . 
 not all brannicks have the same abilities . 
 i ca n't sense the presence of prodigium the way she can . 
 anyway , when i realized that i 'd been living with the very thing i was supposed to be fighting , i - '' `` flipped all the heck out ? '' 
 i supplied . 
 `` big time . 
 and then i realized i was pregnant with you , and ... well , you know the rest . 
 all the moving , all the hiding . '' 
 `` but it was n't dad you were hiding from . '' 
 the last puzzle pieces finally clicked into place . 
 `` at thorne , dad said that you had your reasons for always moving around . '' 
 he 'd also said that he was still in love with mom . 
 i wanted to tell her that , too , but something stopped me . 
 maybe because i hoped that dad would still have a chance to tell her in person . 
 `` i had no idea how my family would react to the news that i was going to have a prodigium baby . 
 and not just any kind of prodigium , but a demon . 
 now i understand that i should have given them the benefit of the doubt , but i was scared . 
 and young . 
 god , i was just six years older than you are now . 
 that 's terrifying . '' 
 she raised her shoulder , nudging my head . 
 `` please do n't make me a grandmother in six years , okay ? '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` trust me , after the boy issues i 've had , i 'm becoming a nun . '' 
 `` well , that 's good to know . '' 
 we stayed there , dangling our feet over the creek , talking , until the sun was high overhead . 
 by the time we made our way back to the compound , i was feeling a little better . 
 sure , my life was still intensely screwed up , but at least i had some answers . 
 when we got back to the compound , izzy and finley were out doing chores . 
 or what the brannicks called chores , anyway . 
 izzy was rearranging the targets on the training field . 
 -lrb- i still called it the ninja backyard . 
 izzy laughed when i told her that . -rrb- 
 finley was set up in the converted barn just off the training field , sharpening knives . 
 `` you can help her , '' aislinn told me , once i found her . 
 she was down in the basement , changing the sheets on the cots . 
 i wondered why she bothered , but decided not to ask . 
 `` if it 's all the same to you , i 'm not really great with the knives , '' i told her . 
 `` is there anything else i can do ? 
 anything less ... deadly ? '' 
 shaking a pillow into its case , aislinn shrugged and said , `` you can go up to the war room and check our files on hecate hall and the casnoffs . 
 see if there 's any information we have wrong , or details you can add . '' 
 ah , yes . 
 files . 
 books . 
 nothing with sharp edges . 
 perfect . 
 `` will do . 
 thanks . '' 
 i jogged back up the steps , stopping near the top . 
 `` oh , and , um , thanks for letting me stay here . 
 i mean , after everything my whole existence put you through . '' 
 when she just looked at me , i hurried on to say , `` finley told me what happened to the other brannicks . 
 she said it would n't have happened if you 'd been their leader . '' 
 i stood there awkwardly while aislinn studied me . 
 she had mom 's eyes , so it was doubly weird to feel myself under such intense scrutiny . 
 in the end , she just said , `` you 're family . '' 
 there was nothing really to say to that . 
 i just nodded and hurried back upstairs . 
 the war room was every bit as depressing and messy as it had been yesterday , and after ten minutes of pawing through the papers on the table , and the big , heavy boxes on the floor , i had n't found the files about hecate hall . 
 frustrated , i let out a long sigh . 
 `` problem ? '' 
 a silky voice murmured . 
 i ignored torin and turned my attention to the stack of notebooks near the couch . 
 `` i am sorry for what i said about your father this morning , '' he said . 
 `` it was beneath me . '' 
 i still did n't say anything . 
 `` being trapped thus is incredibly frustrating for me , and occasionally i take it out on others . 
 again , i apologize . 
 now , if you 'd like , i can help you with what you 're seeking . '' 
 knowing i 'd probably regret it , i crossed the room and yanked the canvas off the mirror . 
 as before , he was sitting on the table , smirking at me . 
 `` jackass , jackass on the wall , where 's the info on hex hall ? '' 
 torin laughed long and loud at that , and i saw that his teeth were slightly crooked . 
 seeing as how he was from the sixteenth century , i guess he was lucky to have any teeth at all . 
 `` oh , i do like you , '' he said , wiping tears from his eyes . 
 `` all these bloody warrior women are so serious . 
 it 's nice to have a real wit about the place again . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 do you know where the file on hex hall is , or not , mirror boy ? '' 
 he leaned forward and pointed under the table . 
 in the mirror i saw a box pushed back in the shadows . 
 no wonder i 'd missed it . 
 as i dragged the box out , torin said , `` is that all you want my help with , sophia ? '' 
 i rocked back on my heels and scowled at him . 
 `` you made it pretty clear last night that you 're big into being cryptic . 
 i 'm not in the mood to have my chain jerked right now . '' 
 he was quiet while i pawed through the box . 
 i pulled out two big manila envelopes with casnoff scrawled across them . 
 there were three separate folders labeled hecate hall , and i took those out , too . 
 `` you were stuck in a void space , '' torin said . 
 i was so busy flipping through the first casnoff folder that it took a second for what he said to register . 
 once it did , i looked up at him blankly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` those three weeks you lost . 
 you were stuck in a void between dimensions . 
 that 's how the itineris works , traveling in and around other dimensions . 
 most of the time there are no problems . 
 but you got stuck , probably because of what you are . 
 or are n't . '' 
 when i just kept staring at him , he clarified . 
 `` you 're not a demon anymore , not completely , but neither are you human . '' 
 torin rested his chin in his hand , a heavy ruby ring on his pinkie winking at me . 
 `` you were a very confusing object for the itineris to digest . 
 so it held you for a bit . 
 you 're quite fortunate it eventually decided to spit you out . '' 
 the words `` digest '' and `` spit '' were more than a little unsettling . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said . 
 `` that 's , um , really awful to know . 
 but thanks for telling me . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it was nothing . '' 
 i went back to the folder , studying a picture of mrs. casnoff and her sister , lara , when they were young , maybe in their late teens , early twenties . 
 there was a man sitting with them who had black hair slicked back from his forehead , and a mustache every bit as elaborate as one of mrs. casnoff 's hairdos . 
 i guessed this was mrs. casnoff 's father , alexei . 
 `` you know , i can see more than just the future or the past . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i asked , paging through the papers in the file . 
 `` can you also see the present ? 
 because i can do that , too . 
 like , right now , i sense that i 'm in a messy room with a total toolbox . '' 
 i did n't look up , but i could hear the scowl in his voice when he said , `` no . 
 in certain cases , i can see ... let us say , alternative futures . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` time is not a fixed thing , sophia . 
 every decision can lead us down a different path . 
 so , occasionally , i see more than one possible outcome . 
 for example , i told your aunt that you would be the one to stop these casnoff witches from raising their demon forces . 
 and i did see that . 
 but it is n't the only future i saw for you . '' 
 i wanted to ignore him , but i found myself putting the file down and facing the mirror . 
 `` what was the other one ? '' 
 `` it 's quite the contradiction , '' he answered , ridiculously pleased with himself . 
 `` for in one scenario , i saw you defeating the casnoffs . 
 and in the other , i saw you joined with them . 
 of course i did n't share that vision with aislinn . 
 if i had , i doubt your welcome would have been quite so cordial . 
 you should thank me , really . '' 
 all i could do was say , `` well , your vision was wrong . 
 i would never be part of the casnoffs ' demon ... whatever . '' 
 `` oh , you were n't part of it , '' he clarified , grinning . 
 `` you were leading it . '' 
 i turned away then ; my hands were shaking . 
 `` you 're just saying all this to screw with me . '' 
 `` believe that if you like , soph - '' he broke off , and i raised my head to see izzy standing in the doorway . 
 `` isolde ! '' 
 torin exclaimed . 
 `` how lovely to see you . '' 
 izzy chewed on her lower lip . 
 `` why are you talking to torin ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i need help finding some stuff , '' i replied , holding up the folder so that she could see . 
 `` i figured he was useful for that , at least , since his prophecies seems to be on the fritz . '' 
 torin made an offended noise . 
 `` they most certainly are not ! 
 i am never wrong . '' 
 sliding off the table , his gaze flicked to izzy . 
 `` never . '' 
 at that , izzy crossed the room in a couple of big strides and draped the canvas back over the mirror . 
 `` cover me up all you want , isolde , '' torin said , his voice now muffled . 
 `` it does not change anything . '' 
 something flickered across izzy 's face , and i could n't help but ask , `` what 's that all about ? '' 
 but she just shook her head and came to kneel next to me on the floor . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 just more of torin 's crap . 
 so did you find what you were looking for ? '' 
 `` not sure yet , '' i said , turning back to the first page of the casnoffs ' file . 
 alexei casnoff was born in 1916 in st. petersburg -lrb- or , as it was called at that time , petrograd -rrb- , to grigori and svetlana casnoff , and before i could get any further , a loud pounding reverberated throughout the house . 
 i dropped the papers . 
 `` what the heck was that ? '' 
 frowning , izzy got to her feet . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think it 's at the front door , but ... no one ever comes here . '' 
 together , we dashed out of the war room and into the hallway . 
 aislinn had one hand on the doorknob and a dagger in the other . 
 mom was right behind her . 
 inside my chest , my magic shrieked and swirled , and i knew that whatever waited on the other side was powerful . 
 and as aislinn slowly opened the door , i realized i was right . 
 standing on the threshold , looking taller and older and a lot more exhausted than i remembered , was cal . 
 and leaning against him , the purple marks on his face unnaturally dark against his pale skin , was my dad . 
 chapter 9 `` james ! '' 
 mom gasped , and then there was total confusion as everyone started talking at once . 
 `` what 's he doing here ? '' 
 aislinn barked , just as izzy laid her hand on my arm and said , `` who are those guys ? '' 
 `` it 's - it 's my dad , '' i said , my voice breaking . 
 and then i was shoving past aislinn to throw my arms around dad 's neck . 
 his own arms came up to weakly encircle me . 
 `` sophie , '' he murmured against my hair . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 it was almost too good to believe , that he could be standing here , that call could be next to him . 
 i squeezed my dad tight , tears spilling onto his shirt collar . 
 `` you 're okay , '' i sobbed . 
 `` you 're okay . '' 
 he gave a raspy chuckle . 
 `` more or less . 
 thanks to cal , here . '' 
 i pulled back . 
 dad 's eyes were red , and he looked like death warmed over . 
 and the purple markings swirling all over his skin , signs of the removal , were just as devastating to see as they 'd been the night he 'd gotten them . 
 but he was there , and that was all that mattered . 
 my eyes slid over to cal , who still hovered uncertainly beside dad . 
 `` you 're okay , too , '' i said softly , and he smiled . 
 well , he did that weird lip quirk that call called a smile . 
 `` yeah , '' was all he said , but there was a lot of meaning behind that one word . 
 relief and happiness flooded through me , and i took a step forward , wanting to hug him , too . 
 but for some reason , at the last moment , i just reached out and squeezed his arm . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 his hand briefly covered mine , his touch rough and warm . 
 i could feel a blush spreading up from my chest , so i turned back to dad . 
 `` how did you get here ? 
 where have you been ? '' 
 `` can we go somewhere less ... transitory to discuss this ? '' 
 he asked , gesturing around the hallway . 
 i felt like i might burst into tears all over again . 
 transitory . 
 god , i 'd missed him so much . 
 i 'm pretty sure aislinn was about to tell him no , but mom stepped forward . 
 `` of course . 
 we can talk in the living room . '' 
 for a moment , my parents held each other 's gaze , and while normally your parents gazing at each other is kind of gross , i could n't help but smile . 
 like every room in the brannick house , the living room was practically empty . 
 there was a couch that seemed slightly better than the monstrosity in the war room , and dad and call sat there . 
 i sat on dad 's other side , while aislinn and izzy hung out in the doorway , and mom perched on the edge of the sofa nearest me . 
 dad sighed , and his hand trembled a little as he laid it on mine . 
 `` i ca n't begin to say how good it is to see you . '' 
 i laced my fingers with his . 
 `` same here . 
 i mean , with me seeing you , obviously . '' 
 smiling , dad squeezed my hand . 
 `` yes , i deduced as much . '' 
 `` how did you find this place ? '' 
 aislinn asked , pretty much killing any hope for a nice family moment . 
 `` it 's warded against your kind . '' 
 `` there 's a spot about three feet across in the northwest corner , '' call answered . 
 `` the wards are broken there . 
 i can fix them if you want . '' 
 aislinn was obviously taken aback , but she recovered quickly . 
 `` no need . 
 i 'll send finley out to redo it tomorrow morning . '' 
 since the brannicks were descended from a powerful white witch , some of them still had residual powers . 
 apparently , this was the case with finley . 
 `` you can go help her , '' aislinn added , to izzy . 
 `` it 's time you learned to make wards . '' 
 `` as for how we found you , '' dad said , `` it was n't easy . 
 call told me that he 'd sent you to the brannicks , but when he tried to use his magic to get a lock on you ... '' `` it was like you had just disappeared , '' call said . 
 `` no locator spell worked , no tracing hex . '' 
 `` it was the itineris , '' i explained . 
 `` it did n't know what to do with me now that i 'm de-magicked . '' 
 dad nodded . 
 `` i suspected as much . 
 anyway , we 've spent the past few weeks making our way here . 
 call did n't think it was wise for me to travel by itineris in my ... current state , so i 'm afraid we 've had to travel the old-fashioned way . '' 
 `` it took you three weeks to fly from england to tennessee ? '' 
 aislinn asked , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` we did n't come here right away , '' call answered , crossing his arms over his chest , a scowl on his face . 
 `` there was a lot of other stuff to deal with . '' 
 `` what kind of stuff ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dad rose to his feet and started to pace . 
 `` after the brannicks and ll ` occhio di dio attacked council headquarters in the spring , there were only five council members left . '' 
 `` that was n't us , '' aislinn retorted . 
 `` or the eye , for that matter . '' 
 dad stopped his pacing and stared at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 briefly , aislinn told dad the same story she 'd told me last night , about suspecting that the casnoffs had set the fire themselves , only to blame it on their enemies . 
 when she was done , dad seemed to have aged ten years . 
 `` i wish i could say that that 's preposterous . 
 but after what i 've seen lara casnoff do ... in any case , the other three members of the council were killed when thorne abbey was destroyed . '' 
 i 'd seen one of those three , kristopher , killed , but it was a shock to learn the other two , elizabeth and roderick , were gone , too . 
 `` lara and i are the only members still remaining , '' dad continued . 
 `` i 'm '' - he gestured to his tattoos - `` not exactly useful . 
 i 'm also dead . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a few days after thorne abbey burned down , lara casnoff called a huge meeting in london at the mansion of some bigwig warlock , '' call said to me . 
 `` i was able to do an invisibility spell and get in . 
 there must have been hundreds of prodigium there . 
 anyway , that 's where lara made the big announcement that your dad had been murdered by the eye . '' 
 he nodded toward aislinn . 
 `` with the help of the brannicks . '' 
 aislinn swore under her breath , and mom lowered her head . 
 `` okay , '' i said slowly . 
 `` look , i get that that 's bad , but ca n't you just pop up and be like , ` hey , here i am ! 
 totally not dead ! ' '' 
 `` i could , '' said dad , `` but if it suits the casnoffs ' purposes for me to be deceased , something tells me i would n't stay ` totally not dead ' for long . '' 
 `` what do you think the casnoffs ' purposes are ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 dad glanced at her , then over to me . 
 `` to terrify the prodigium population to the point where using demons seems like the only course of action . 
 they have daisy , and they may have managed to corral nick . 
 there have n't been any other attacks linked to him . '' 
 the same night the casnoffs had used daisy to fight the eye , nick had gotten loose and gone on some kind of rampage . 
 the thought of it still made me shudder . 
 `` did she say anything about the demons at this big meeting ? '' 
 i asked cal . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not specifically . 
 all she said was that she and her sister had a plan to rid the world of the brannicks and the eye once and for all . '' 
 `` speaking of - '' dad broke in . 
 `` sophie , have you had any contact with archer cross ? '' 
 every eye in the room was on me , and i had this bizarre urge to cover my face . 
 i knew everything i was feeling was painted all over it . 
 `` no . 
 i thought maybe ... '' i turned to cal . 
 `` did you see him ? 
 when you went in to get dad at thorne abbey ? '' 
 it 's not like i expected call to go , yes , i did . 
 in fact , i was keeping him in my pocket . 
 here you go . 
 but when call met my eyes and said , `` your dad was alone in the cell when i got there , '' the words physically hurt . 
 you 're lucky , i reminded myself . 
 your dad is here . 
 so is cal . 
 and jenna is safe . 
 what were the chances that you 'd get everyone back ? 
 `` the cell door had been broken down , '' call continued , `` so your dad and i figured the eye took him . '' 
 `` you do n't remember anything ? '' 
 i asked dad . 
 a rueful expression was on his face as he shook his head . 
 `` i was unconscious , i 'm afraid . '' 
 shoving my hands into my pockets , i said , `` i 'm sure you 're right . 
 he 's probably with the eye . '' 
 and they were either still keeping him as their pet warlock , or they 'd found out about the two of us working together , and killed him . 
 either way , archer was gone . 
 that thought was so painful , so loud inside my head , that it took me a minute to realize dad was still talking . '' 
 ... certainly not the only one to have vanished . '' 
 aislinn had retreated back to the doorway , arms folded over her chest . 
 `` so the cross boy is gone , and both those casnoff women , '' she said , ticking off the names on her fingers . 
 `` as well as their demons . '' 
 `` and graymalkin island , '' call said , so softly that at first i was sure i 'd misheard him . 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hecate hall and the island it was on are gone , '' dad said . 
 `` how is that even possible ? '' 
 mom asked from her spot on the couch . 
 dad glanced back at her , and once again something passed between them . 
 `` no one knows , '' he said at last . 
 `` but a few days after thorne abbey burned down , the entire island seemed to vanish into thin air . 
 one minute it was there ; the next , nothing but empty ocean . 
 it 's my belief that it 's not really gone , but that the casnoffs are cloaking it for some reason . '' 
 `` you think that 's where they are ? '' 
 i asked , once i 'd found my voice again . 
 i was remembering that feeling i 'd had the day cal , jenna , and i had left hex hall . 
 a premonition had come over me that we 'd never go back . 
 i shivered a little now remembering it . 
 `` it makes sense , '' dad said . 
 `` graymalkin island was where they were raising demons . 
 it 's been anastasia 's home for years . 
 i ca n't imagine they 'd just abandon it . 
 and ... '' dad trailed off , rubbing his eyes again . 
 he went to move back toward the couch but stumbled . 
 mom leaped up and caught his arm while call moved to his other side . 
 together , they lowered him back to a seated position . 
 `` the travel has wiped him out , '' call said . 
 `` i 've done protection spells on him , but he 's still pretty weak . '' 
 `` please do n't speak of me as though i were n't here , '' dad said , but the exhaustion in his voice canceled out any snappishness . 
 `` that 's enough for tonight , '' mom said , and i noticed that she had n't taken her hand off dad 's arm . 
 aislinn nodded . 
 `` i need to tell finley what 's going on . '' 
 a muscle worked in her jaw , and she muttered , `` and have a word with torin . 
 you two , '' she said to dad and cal , `` stay tonight . 
 in the morning , we can decide where to go from here . '' 
 it cost her something to let them stay . 
 i could see it in the tightness around her mouth . 
 i think dad saw it , too , because he gave a respectful nod . 
 `` thank you , aislinn . '' 
 `` they can use the tents , '' aislinn told me . 
 i 'd forgotten about those-the weird canvas structures extra brannicks had used , back when there had been extra brannicks . 
 i thought about mentioning the cots in the basement , but maybe aislinn was n't down with too many prodigium under her roof . 
 aislinn left the room then , izzy trailing after her . 
 as soon as they were gone , dad leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes . 
 `` you should stay in here tonight , '' mom said to him . 
 `` those tents are barely livable , and after all you 've been through ... '' she cleared her throat . 
 `` anyway , neither of you needs to brave the great outdoors tonight . '' 
 dad just nodded without opening his eyes . 
 but call shrugged and said , `` i 'm used to sleeping outside . 
 besides , you guys probably need , uh , family time . '' 
 he turned to go , but as he did , dad said , `` sophie , why do n't you show call to his accommodations ? 
 i wanted to speak to your mother in private for a moment . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , shoving my hands in my pockets . 
 `` okay . 
 right . '' 
 the last time i 'd been alone with cal , he 'd kissed me . 
 it had definitely been a kiss of the `` we might die , so this is just us saying good-bye -lrb- maybe -rrb- '' variety , but still . 
 he was , technically , my fiance -lrb- you know , as if prodigium are n't weird enough , they also have arranged marriages -rrb- . 
 being engaged brought a whole new level of weirdness to my and cal 's friendship . 
 call gave one quick glance back at me , and even though i could n't be sure , i thought his gaze fell on my mouth for just a second . 
 i tried hard not to gulp , and when he left the room , i followed him . 
 chapter 10 call and i made our way from the main house to the tents in silence . 
 i 'd stopped in the kitchen to grab one of the battery-operated lanterns the brannicks apparently hoarded . 
 my shadow and cal 's stretched out in front of us , nearly entwined , even though we were n't walking that close together . 
 my thoughts were still so wrapped up with archer that i did n't even see the semicircle of structures surrounding the compound until we were practically on top of them . 
 what the brannicks called `` tents '' were actually pretty solid buildings . 
 the roofs were made of heavy canvas , but instead of being on the ground , they were situated on wooden platforms . 
 there were even stairs leading up into each one . 
 `` wow , '' i said as we came to a stop . 
 `` these are n't really tents . 
 they 're more like cabins . 
 or like a tent and a cabin had a baby . 
 a ` tenbin . ' '' 
 it was a bad joke . 
 a stupid one , and my heart was n't even a little bit in it . 
 archer would 've laughed at it anyway , i thought , and once again , pain slammed into my chest , nearly leaving me breathless . 
 call did n't say anything , so i just swung my arm out , gesturing to the tents . 
 `` pick any of them . 
 they 're all empty . '' 
 still not looking at me , call moved toward the tent directly in front of us , and pushed back the flap . 
 it occurred to me that i probably should have just given him the lantern instead of following him inside , but by the time i 'd had that thought , he was already in the tent . 
 i climbed the steps and ducked through the canvas doorway . 
 `` wow , '' i said to his back . 
 `` not exactly the digs we had at thorne , huh ? '' 
 there were two pieces of furniture on the scuffed wooden platform : a folding table and a low cot like the ones in the basement . 
 of course , that 's about all there was room for . 
 the tent was tiny , and i suddenly felt a little claustrophobic . 
 i put the lantern on the table , wishing the pool of light it cast were bigger . 
 as it was , i could barely see cal 's face in the gloom . 
 then i shoved my hands in my back pockets and blew out a long breath . 
 call sat down on the cot , and it squeaked slightly under his weight . 
 he rested his elbows on his spread knees , hands clasped in front of him , but he still did n't say anything . 
 `` hey , '' i said , my voice way too loud , `` if you 're , uh , hungry or something , i can see what 's in the kitchen . 
 running for your life and dragging a powerless demon all over the world probably works up an appetite , huh ? '' 
 as soon as the words were out of my mouth , i mentally cringed so hard , i 'm surprised i did n't sprain something . 
 `` i 'm not hungry , '' he replied in a low voice . 
 `` awesome , '' i said . 
 `` then i 'll leave you alone and let you get some sleep . '' 
 my cheeks flaming , i headed for the entrance . 
 and then , from behind me : `` i thought about you . 
 every day . '' 
 i froze , my hand still holding the canvas flap . 
 cal 's voice was slightly hoarse as he continued . 
 `` three weeks is a long time to wonder where someone is . 
 all that time , i thought maybe i 'd done the wrong thing , telling you to find the brannicks . '' 
 i turned around then . 
 i wanted to make a joke , or say something sarcastic , anything that would cut the tension enveloping us . 
 instead , i said , `` i thought about you , too . '' 
 call glanced up , and i met his eyes . 
 `` cal , you ... you saved my dad 's life . 
 you tried to save archer 's . '' 
 my chest ached , saying that out loud , but i made myself go on . 
 `` that 's so huge , i do n't even know where to start . 
 ` thank you ' does n't really cut it , you know ? 
 and i 'm not sure there 's a fruit basket big enough to - '' he rose to his feet , and suddenly his arms were around me and my face was pressed against his chest . 
 he smelled good , and familiar , and tears sprang to my eyes as i put my hands on his back and pressed him closer . 
 he stroked my hair . 
 `` he might be okay , sophie , '' call murmured . 
 `` the eye could 've gotten him out . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes closed . 
 `` i know , '' i whispered . 
 `` it 's not that . 
 i mean , it is that , but not just that . 
 it 's ... everything is so screwed up , cal . '' 
 his arms tightened . 
 `` i know . 
 with graymalkin being gone ... '' he blew out a long breath but did n't say anything else . 
 i had n't even thought about that . 
 how much call had loved the island . 
 i remembered what he 'd told me at thorne , that graymalkin had always felt like home to him . 
 i was used to feeling vaguely homeless , but call had lived at hex hall since he was thirteen . 
 i pulled back to look in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i told him . 
 `` for all of it . '' 
 on his face , i saw everything i was feeling . 
 the confusion , the helplessness , the loneliness . 
 and i guess it was that last emotion that made me rise up on tiptoes and softly brush my lips over his . 
 i had n't meant for it to be a real kiss ; it was more a gesture of thanks and comfort than anything else . 
 but when i went to pull back , call cupped my cheek , and his mouth slanted over mine , and just like that , it was definitely a real kiss . 
 i kissed him back , my hands clutching at his t-shirt . 
 for a minute , it felt nice . 
 well , better than nice , really . 
 i felt safe and comfortable , and his arms were so warm around me . 
 and then , suddenly , i was pulling away , my face hot . 
 `` oh , god , and now i 'm sorry for that , '' i said , turning my back to him and wiping at my cheeks with trembling hands . 
 i 'd only thought the atmosphere in the tent was tense before . 
 now i was practically choking on it . 
 from behind me , i heard call sigh . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` we 're both ... we 're in a weird place . '' 
 i turned back around then and gave him a shaky smile . 
 `` both metaphorically and literally , '' i said , gesturing around the tent . 
 call gave a tiny smile back . 
 `` you should probably go . 
 check on your dad . 
 we can talk more tomorrow when things are n't so ... '' his words trailed off , and finally he just shrugged . 
 i nodded . 
 `` right . 
 tomorrow . '' 
 i could feel his gaze on my back as i left the tent , and it was like it stayed there , a hot spot between my shoulder blades , as i jogged back to the house . 
 i kissed cal . 
 again . 
 for real . 
 the words pounded inside my brain in time to my footsteps , and i was n't sure whether it was guilt or giddiness jumping around in my stomach . 
 my hands were still trembling when i opened the back door . 
 the house was strangely silent , and i crept toward the living room . 
 dad was still on the couch , his eyes closed , his breathing shallow . 
 mom sat on the floor next to him , a steaming mug beside her . 
 she was looking at dad with such a strange expression : sad , and scared , and ... something else . 
 her finger barely touched his skin as she traced the purple whorls on his hand . 
 i backed out before she could see me . 
 as i made my way upstairs , i felt shaky and hollow . 
 sometimes i think we have a limit to how many emotions we can feel at once , and i had clearly reached mine . 
 between dad and call reappearing , and kissing cal ... i pressed the heels of my hands against my eyes and took a shuddery breath . 
 yup . 
 definitely had all i could handle for one night . 
 when i opened my bedroom and saw a soft , ghostly glow , i groaned . 
 `` not tonight , elodie , '' i sniffled . 
 `` i 'm not in the mood . '' 
 the words died in my throat . 
 it was n't elodie 's ghost standing in the middle of my room . 
 it was archer 's . 
 chapter 11 `` oh , good , it worked , '' archer said , his ghostly face relieved . 
 unlike elodie , his voice came in loud and clear , and so familiar that my heart broke all over again . 
 i stood frozen , my back against the door . 
 even though he was faint , i could see him smirk . 
 `` um ... mercer ? 
 have n't seen you in nearly a month . 
 i was expecting something like , ` oh , cross , love of my heart , fire of my loins , how i 've longed - ' '' `` you 're dead , '' i blurted out , pressing a hand against my stomach . 
 `` you 're a ghost , and you think - '' all the humor disappeared from his face , and he held up both hands . 
 `` whoa , whoa , whoa . 
 not dead . 
 promise . '' 
 my heart was still hammering . 
 `` then what the heck are you ? '' 
 archer almost looked sheepish as he reached inside his shirt and pulled out some kind of amulet on a thin silver chain . 
 `` it 's a speaking stone . 
 lets you appear to people kind of like a hologram . 
 you know . 
 ` help me , sophie-wan kenobi , you 're my only hope . ' '' 
 `` did you steal it from the cell ar at hecate , too ? '' 
 archer had collected all sorts of magical knickknacks back when we had cell ar duty at hex hall . 
 `` no , '' he said , offended . 
 `` i found it at a. . . 
 store . 
 for magical stuff . 
 okay , yes , i stole it from the cell ar . '' 
 i rushed across the room and thrust my fist at his solar plexus . 
 it went right through him , but it was still kind of satisfying . 
 `` you jerk ! '' 
 i cried , striking at his head . 
 `` you scared me to death ! 
 call said the eye probably had you , and i thought they 'd found out about you and me working together , and killed you , you arrogant piece of - '' `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 he shouted , waving his translucent hands . 
 `` i-i thought the talking would give it away , and i did n't mean to scare you , but i 'm not dead ! 
 so would you please stop hitting me ? '' 
 i paused . 
 `` you can feel it ? '' 
 `` no , but it 's still kind of unsettling to see your fist coming at my face . '' 
 we were inches away from each other . 
 i let my arms drop to my sides . 
 `` you 're not dead . '' 
 `` not even a little , '' he replied . 
 and then he smiled , a genuine , happy smile , and my cheeks started to ache . 
 that 's when i realized i was grinning , too . 
 `` so hologram means - '' i finally said . 
 `` it means non-corporeal , yeah . 
 which sucks seeing as how there are a lot of very corporeal things i 'd like to do with you right now . '' 
 my cheeks flushed hot as my gaze dropped to his lips . 
 then i remembered that ten minutes before , i 'd been in another guy 's arms . 
 kissing another guy 's lips . 
 i spun away from him , hoping he had n't seen , and went to sit on the bed . 
 `` so where are you ? '' 
 i asked , drawing my knees up to my chest . 
 even though he was all ghostly , i noticed a brief flicker of guilt on his face . 
 `` rome , '' he answered . 
 `` or , if you want to get more specific , hiding in a closet in a vill a in rome . '' 
 it was n't a surprise he was with the eye . 
 after all , had n't that been the best case scenario as far as him getting out of thorne went ? 
 `` why are you making that face ? '' 
 archer asked . 
 i hugged my knees tighter . 
 `` what face ? '' 
 `` like you want to throw up or cry . 
 both , maybe . '' 
 oh , the joys of having whatever the opposite of a poker face was . 
 `` it 's just been an insane night . 
 an insane few weeks , really . '' 
 i did n't know how much time i had to talk to archer , so i gave him the most bare-bones version of what had happened since i left thorne . 
 he stood there listening , and only looked surprised when i told him that my mom was a brannick . 
 `` so that 's why we 're here , '' i told him , `` chilling with the brannicks . 
 and now my dad has shown up , and , uh , cal , and now you . 
 it 's been kind of a busy night . '' 
 `` how did call and your dad track you ? 
 i 've been trying this magical gps thing ever since i left thorne , and it only locked on to you today . '' 
 `` call had told me to come to the brannicks when i left thorne , so they were just hoping i 'd be here . 
 it may be the first time i 've had any luck since ... oh , 2002 or so . '' 
 archer smiled and then began to flicker in and out . 
 `` damn it , '' he muttered , tapping on the stone around his neck . 
 `` okay , it 's looking like i do n't have much longer , so i 'll make this quick . 
 all the eye knows is that the casnoffs have disappeared . 
 there have n't been any more reported demon attacks , but something is definitely stirring . 
 they just do n't know what . '' 
 `` that 's what dad said , too . '' 
 `` we 're looking for the casnoffs , but so far , no dice . 
 it 's like we 're all in a holding pattern . '' 
 `` here , too , '' i told him . 
 `` so ... what now , cross ? 
 are you going to stay with the eye ? '' 
 archer glanced over his shoulder at something . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said when he turned back , his voice much quieter . 
 `` but it 's not like i really have anywhere else to go . '' 
 `` you could come here . '' 
 he smiled at that and reached out one ghostly hand . 
 i pressed my fingertips to his , even though i could n't feel him . 
 `` i wish i could , '' he said . 
 `` but they 're watching me pretty closely these days . 
 for now , it 's probably safer for me to stay there . 
 toe the line a little bit . '' 
 i stared at our hands . 
 `` am i ever going to see you again ? '' 
 `` you better believe it , '' he said . 
 `` did n't i promise you we could make out in a castle ? '' 
 chuckling , i drew my hand back . 
 `` you did . 
 and to take me on dates . 
 real dates with no swords or ghouls or angst . '' 
 `` well , there you go , '' he said . 
 `` as soon as we 've saved the world from a demon invasion , it 's you , me , and applebee 's . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , but i was grinning now . 
 `` oh , the romance . '' 
 his smile slowly faded . 
 `` i will see you again , '' he said , serious this time . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 he moved closer to me so that his translucent legs disappeared into the bed . 
 `` mercer , i - '' and then , just like that , he blinked out and was gone . 
 `` oh , come on , '' i groaned to the empty room . 
 sighing , i flopped back against the pillows and shut my eyes . 
 i 'd been lying like that for a few minutes when i suddenly had the sense i was n't alone anymore . 
 sure enough , when i opened my eyes , elodie was perched on the end of the bed , watching me with an unreadable expression . 
 finally , she mouthed , `` do you love him ? '' 
 i took a moment before replying , `` yeah . 
 i think i do . '' 
 she nodded , like that was the answer she 'd expected . 
 `` i thought i did , too . '' 
 it suddenly occurred to me that if i ever did see archer again , elodie 's new habit of popping into my body whenever she felt like it could be ... awkward . 
 `` he 's sorry , you know , '' i told her . 
 `` for lying to you . 
 and for the whole you-getting-killed thing . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` not his fault i got killed . '' 
 i was getting a lot better at reading her lips . 
 she did n't have to repeat anything now . 
 `` that was alice . 
 and since the casnoffs had a hand in making her a demon , i guess it was their fault in the end . '' 
 `` we 're going to stop them , '' i told her . 
 `` i do n't know how , but we will . '' 
 elodie gave me a look . 
 `` will you ? 
 i heard what that magic mirror dude said , about seeing two futures for you . '' 
 `` i would never help the casnoffs , '' i said , automatically , but i could n't help the little shiver that went up my spine as i remembered torin 's words . 
 i thought elodie might have sighed . 
 it was hard to tell since she did n't technically breathe . 
 `` well , even if you do n't go over to the dark side , you 're still pretty screwed . 
 your dad does n't have powers anymore . 
 you might as well not have any , because i certainly ca n't keep taking over every time you run into trouble . 
 those two little girls ca n't even kill a werewolf , and aislinn brannick is just one woman . 
 your mom is better at books than she is at weapons , and torin is both annoying and useless . 
 basically , the only thing you have going for you is cal , who might be able to postpone the inevitable when the casnoffs and their pet demons rip you to shreds . 
 but , you know , good luck with that . '' 
 and with that inspiring little speech , she vanished . 
 chapter 12 the next morning , i found myself at what had to be the weirdest breakfast ever . 
 i looked around the room and tried to take in everyone who was there : me , mom , dad , all three brannicks , and cal . 
 oh , and torin , since `` breakfast '' involved all of us eating pop-tarts in the war room . 
 elodie 's words from the night before circled my brain . 
 did we honestly think we stood a chance at defeating the casnoffs ? 
 `` you have to know something , '' aislinn was saying to torin now . 
 `` i do , '' he shot back . 
 `` i told you , those women are on their thrice-damned island . '' 
 `` which . 
 is . 
 where ? '' 
 aislinn asked for what had to be the fourth time . 
 `` in . 
 the . 
 bloody . 
 sea , '' torin replied . 
 he threw up his hands , his lace cuffs falling back as he did . 
 `` i do n't know why you ca n't find it . 
 it 's exactly where it always was . '' 
 `` as i 've told you , aislinn , it 's my belief that they 've cloaked graymalkin somehow , '' dad said . 
 he was leaning heavily against one of the folding chairs . 
 call stood on one side of him , mom on the other . 
 my eyes met cal 's , and last night flashed in my mind . 
 my fingers twining in his shirt , my mouth against his . 
 i suddenly gave my full attention to torin . 
 `` so the casnoffs are at hex hall , '' i said . 
 `` probably with however many demons they 've managed to create . 
 what are they doing there ? 
 throwing a hell acious slumber party ? '' 
 when no one said anything , i added , `` get it ? 
 hell acious ? 
 because they 're all ... forget it . '' 
 `` i got it , '' izzy said softly , and i threw her a grateful smile . 
 `` i can not tell what they 're planning , '' torin said . 
 `` only that they 're there . '' 
 he frowned at all of us . 
 `` i do n't know everything , you know . 
 only that this girl '' - he pointed at me - `` is the key to stopping them from using an army of demons to wipe humans off the face of the earth . '' 
 or leading the charge . 
 the thought popped into my mind , making my stomach twist itself into knots . 
 torin winked at me , and i wondered if thought-reading was another of his powers . 
 or maybe it was just my expression . 
 shoving aside the image of me at the front of a demon army , i said , `` the eye does n't know what they 're up to , either . '' 
 suddenly , every one in the room was staring at me as what i 'd just said registered . 
 `` i , uh , saw archer last night , '' i said , like i 'd just bumped into him at starbucks . 
 `` he used this communicating stone thingie to ... drop by , and , um , say hello . '' 
 `` and you just now decided to mention this ? '' 
 dad asked . 
 `` when i got here , you guys were already yelling at torin , '' i fired back . 
 `` i did n't exactly have a chance to get a word in . 
 besides , archer did n't know anything , really . 
 or at least nothing more than we do . 
 i did n't think it was a big deal . 
 he was only here for like , five minutes . '' 
 `` in your room ? '' 
 mom asked , eyebrows up . 
 `` he was non-corporeal ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` and all ... ghostly . 
 everything was totally g-rated , swear . '' 
 `` one of ll ` occhio di dio is your boyfriend ? '' 
 finley asked incredulously . 
 dad cleared his throat . 
 `` in any case , '' he said , saving me from answering finley , `` that 's good information to have . 
 it means that we 're all on the same page as far as the casnoffs are concerned . '' 
 `` right , '' i said . 
 `` which is that no one knows what to do next . 
 i 'm not really seeing that as a good thing , dad . '' 
 `` so what can we do ? '' 
 finley asked . 
 `` just sit here and wait for the casnoffs to make their move ? '' 
 `` we could go to lough bealach , '' aislinn answered . 
 `` is that a place , or are you choking ? '' 
 i asked , earning me a glare in return . 
 dad made a strangled sound that might have been a laugh . 
 he covered it with a cough and said , `` lough bealach is a lake in ireland . 
 it was once a very sacred place to the brannick family , if i 'm correct . '' 
 `` the most sacred place , '' aislinn answered . 
 `` it was once the brannicks ' responsibility to guard it . '' 
 `` what 's there that needs guarding ? '' 
 `` supposedly , an opening to the underworld , '' mom answered . 
 `` if we 're going to fight demons , it might be handy to have a lot of demonglass , seeing as how it 's the only thing that can kill a demon , '' aislinn said . 
 `` and the underworld is the only place we could get it . '' 
 `` like literally going to hell ? '' 
 i asked . 
 everyone ignored me . 
 `` we could n't get in , '' finley said . 
 `` there 's not one of us here who could survive a trip into the underworld . 
 you 'd need dark , powerful magic to do that . 
 if sophie still had her powers , maybe it would be feasible , but without them ... '' she shook her head . 
 and then dad said , `` sophie does have her powers . '' 
 `` well , yeah , '' i agreed . 
 `` i did n't go through the removal . 
 but they 're stuck in here . '' 
 i tapped my chest . 
 `` whatever that word the council said at my sentencing , it sealed my magic away . '' 
 dad reached out and took my hand . 
 `` do you remember when we studied the grimoire at thorne abbey ? 
 there was a spell in that book that i made you put your hand on . '' 
 i did remember . 
 i had n't been able to tell what kind of spell it was , but when i 'd touched it , i 'd felt a sold thump right in the middle of my sternum . 
 which , i now realized , was the place where i always felt my powers swirling around . 
 `` it was a protection spell , '' dad said . 
 `` ensuring that your powers could never be fully taken away from you . 
 no matter what kind of binding spell is put on you , all you have to do is touch that particular spell , and your magic will be restored . '' 
 i squeezed his hand so tightly it must 've hurt him . 
 `` oh my god , '' i breathed . 
 my magic back . 
 no more feeling helpless . 
 no more needing elodie 's ghost to do magic . 
 a chance at actually stopping the casnoffs . 
 hope and excitement surged through me . 
 and then , as if a cold bucket of water had been thrown in my face , i remembered what torin had said last night . 
 me , leading the casnoffs ' demon army . 
 i 'd have to have my powers to do that , would n't i ? 
 but no . 
 no , he was lying about that . 
 there was no way i 'd ever , ever team up with the casnoffs for something so awful . 
 i remembered something else . 
 `` i have to touch that spell . 
 that spell that 's in the grimoire . 
 and the grimoire is where , exactly ? '' 
 abashed , dad looked down and admitted , `` undoubtedly with the casnoffs . '' 
 i deflated . 
 `` who are on an island that we ca n't find . 
 i swear to god , this whole thing is like the world 's most twisted riddle . '' 
 `` maybe there 's another way , '' finley suggested . 
 `` do n't you guys know any witches or warlocks who could restore sophie 's powers ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' dad said , but i 'd known him long enough to know that when dad said , `` perhaps , '' it usually meant , `` no freaking way . '' 
 `` could n't someone just say the spell ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i knew i was grasping at straws , but if there was any chance for me to use my powers again , i was going to take it . 
 dad shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 that particular spell was woven to the paper with blood magic . 
 it has to be touched . 
 the words themselves do n't have the same power . '' 
 `` i may not have dark magic , but my powers are pretty strong , '' call offered . 
 `` if we did go to ireland , is there any chance i could get in ? '' 
 considering that , dad ran a hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` it 's possible , i suppose . 
 but the potential risk - '' `` we need to do something , '' call said quietly . 
 `` i 'd rather take our chances at lough bealach than wait around here . '' 
 `` the boy is right , '' torin said , even though he and call were probably close to the same age -lrb- well , plus or minus five hundred years , i guess -rrb- . 
 `` and the sooner , the better . 
 we 're in stasis now , but something is coming . 
 i sense a - '' `` great disturbance in the force ? '' 
 i interrupted before i could stop myself . 
 torin frowned . 
 `` i suspect you 're mocking me , but i do n't understand the reference . 
 in any case , dark powers are stirring . 
 the more prepared you are , the better . '' 
 `` then , let 's go , '' i said . 
 `` perhaps we should explore some other options before swanning off to ireland , '' dad said , pushing his glasses up . 
 `` after all , sophie , you 've been through quite the ordeal . '' 
 `` i 'll nap on the plane . 
 look , we are dealing with the possibility of an army of demons . 
 i do n't know about you guys , but those words are right up there with ` root canal ' and ` school on saturdays ' in terms of things that terrify me . 
 we 're already three weeks behind . 
 we do n't have time to just sit here and explore options or read more books or listen to more half-assed prophecies from this jerk , '' i said , pointing at torin . 
 he made a gesture that i think was the old-timey version of flipping me off . 
 `` so , yeah , '' i continued . 
 `` maybe this is a totally stupid idea . 
 but if there 's even a chance one of us can get into the underworld , then we have to take it . '' 
 `` okay , i do like you , '' finley said , flashing me a grin . 
 she looked at my dad . 
 `` she 's right . 
 if we ca n't figure out a way to stop these casnoff chicks , then we at least need to defend ourselves against them . 
 and the only way to do that is to go to lough bealach and get a whole bunch of demonglass . '' 
 sighing , dad sank into one of the chairs next to the table . 
 `` it 's a fool 's errand , '' he said . 
 `` do you have any other ideas ? '' 
 aislinn asked . 
 dad tipped his head back , like an answer might suddenly appear on the ceiling . 
 then he looked back at me . 
 `` this is honestly what you want to do ? '' 
 `` maybe call will be able to get in . 
 maybe not . 
 either way , we 're not going to get anything accomplished sitting out here in the boondocks . 
 no offense , '' i added to aislinn , who waved it off . 
 dad held my gaze for a long time before finally giving a weary nod and saying , `` you 're right . 
 but how will we get there ? 
 the itineris is too dangerous for you and could be deadly to humans , '' he said , gesturing to mom . 
 `` i 'll deal with the airline again , '' call said . 
 to finley 's and aislinn 's questioning looks , dad clarified , `` call was able to conjure up tickets and falsify paperwork for us to get out of england . 
 it 's not the most glamorous use of magic , but it is certainly useful . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' aislinn said . 
 `` in that case , girls , go grab your things . 
 and finley , go ahead and gas up the truck . 
 we 've got a long drive to the nearest airport . '' 
 as i looked around the room at all these people-my family-excitement thrummed through me . 
 yes , this might go down in history as the stupidest thing i 'd ever done , but it felt so good to have a plan that i did n't care if it was a bad one . 
 and looking at everyone 's faces , i think they were all feeling the same thing . 
 well , except for torin , who was just staring at all of us with a bored expression . 
 i followed finley and izzy out of the room and up the stairs . 
 i was nearly at the landing when a light suddenly burned my eyes . 
 at first i thought it was just the glare from the window at the top of the stairs , and i moved my hand to shade my face . 
 that 's when i realized that the light was coming from my hand . 
 i watched as a bright golden glow encased my arm , then spread down to cover my torso . 
 izzy turned around , and i saw her mouth drop open . 
 she reached for my sleeve , but as we watched , her fingers passed through me and my arm vanished . 
 the golden tendrils moved faster now , winding their way around my body like snakes . 
 i watched as my legs became translucent and then disappeared altogether . 
 it all happened so fast that i did n't even have time to panic . 
 all i could do was look down at mom , who was running up the stairs toward me and shouting my name . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 i felt my lips move , but no sound came out . 
 someone else was running into the hallway , and i thought it might be dad . 
 but then the glow covered my eyes , blinding me . 
 there was the weirdest sensation of being bent and pulled , like someone was trying to fold my body in on itself , and i was moving so fast that every bone in my body rattled . 
 it was like being yanked through a tornado . 
 and then , just as abruptly , everything stopped . 
 i was standing up , which seemed like a miracle , considering how badly i was trembling . 
 my breath sawed in and out of my lungs painfully hard , and i studied my feet and tried to remember how to breathe without sounding like a hyperventilating walrus . 
 eventually , the wheezes became more like gasps , but there was still something wrong with my eyes . 
 i 'd been wearing dingy white sneakers , but now , my feet looked black . 
 and was i wearing knee socks ? 
 i blinked again . 
 at the brannicks ' , i had on jeans . 
 now from my knees up , i saw a swirl of blue , black , and green plaid . 
 and then i looked up , and suddenly , i was n't gasping anymore . 
 i was n't even breathing . 
 the house was even more decrepit , and the ferns that bracketed the front door were dead . 
 what had once been a `` sag '' in the front porch was now more like a crater , and even though it was august , there were no leaves on any of the oak trees that had once shaded the place . 
 i did n't know how , or why , but there was no denying it . 
 i was back at hex hall . 
 part ii `` but i do n't want to go among mad people , '' alice remarked . 
 `` oh , you ca n't help that , '' said the cat : `` we 're all mad here . '' 
 - alice 's adventures in wonderland chapter 13 i was n't alone on the front lawn of hex hall . 
 there was a crowd of kids milling around , maybe a hundred altogether , all looking as shocked and rattled as i felt . 
 i spotted taylor , a dark-haired shapeshifter i 'd kind of been friends with , standing a few feet away . 
 her eyes met mine . 
 `` sophie ? '' 
 she said , confused . 
 `` where did you come from ? '' 
 she glanced down and seemed startled to realize she was wearing her hecate uniform . 
 `` where did i come from ? '' 
 she added , more to herself than to me . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 a buzz began to rise from the group of students , and i could feel confusion turning to panic . 
 nearby , two faeries-i thought they were nausicaa and siobhan-embraced , brightly colored tears dripping from their wings . 
 as i moved through the crowd , i could only make out snatches of conversation , but i heard words like , `` golden light '' and `` getting grabbed out of thin air . '' 
 so whatever had happened to me had happened to the rest of them , too . 
 i 'd been through a lot in the past few months , but this left me feeling paralyzed . 
 i stood there on the lawn of hex hall , wearing my uniform , surrounded by my former classmates , and having no idea what to do . 
 we 'd finally made plans at the brannicks ' . 
 getting to ireland , getting to lough bealach . 
 amassing a bunch of demon-glass . 
 my being magically transported back to graymalkin island-a place that had freaking disappeared-had not been in any of those plans . 
 spinning around , i looked for more familiar faces . 
 the whole area was surrounded by fog , obscuring anything past the oak trees lining the drive . 
 overhead the sun was a hot white disk behind gray clouds . 
 still confused , i started to walk toward the house . 
 and then i heard , `` sophie . '' 
 i turned around . 
 her pink hair faded and her face pale , jenna gave a shaky smile . 
 `` there you are , '' she said , like we 'd just been separated for a few minutes and not for weeks . 
 it 's a miracle i did n't send her sprawling on the gravel as i ran at her and threw my arms around her . 
 i could feel her tears on my collarbone , and i was doing my best not to get snot all over the top of her head , but we were both laughing . 
 `` oh , tiny pink jenna , '' i half sobbed , half giggled . 
 `` i have never been so happy to see a vampire in my life . '' 
 she squeezed me tighter . 
 `` i 've never been so happy to be squished by a demon ! '' 
 in that moment , i did n't care that i 'd been pulled back to hex hall by some kind of scary , dark magic , or that i was probably going to get killed one way or another . 
 jenna was here , and she was alive , and we were together . 
 everything else was fixable . 
 when we pulled apart , i noticed a new bloodstone hanging around her neck , this one larger and more ornate than the one she used to wear . 
 jenna followed my gaze and gave a watery laugh as she slid the stone on its chain . 
 `` yeah , i upgraded , '' she said . 
 `` i got it from byron . 
 swore it was one-hundred-percent shatterproof . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow , taking in the elaborate silverand-amethyst setting . 
 `` it 's also one-hundred-percent tacky , but if it will keep you safe , then i 'm all for it . '' 
 `` i 'm going to get you a matching one that says ` bffs ' in like , runes or something . '' 
 i laughed at that , probably harder than the joke deserved , but i was so relieved to see her that i felt downright giddy . 
 `` so you really were with byron this whole time ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 that night , after you got back with call and archer , the other council members came to my room . 
 they took me to this insanely creepy place . '' 
 jenna shuddered at the memory , and i had a feeling i knew exactly where she 'd ended up : the dungeonlike chamber underneath thorne abbey that served as a kind of magical courtroom . 
 `` lara casnoff wanted me staked , '' jenna said , and my hands reflexively squeezed hers . 
 `` she said it was stupid to ever allow vampires to cohabitate with prodigium , so i had to be executed . 
 mrs. casnoff asked to be the one to do it . '' 
 now my grip on jenna 's hand was so tight , it must have hurt her . 
 i imagined jenna , terrified and shaking , being led upstairs by someone she 'd once trusted , knowing death was coming . 
 i would kill mrs. casnoff . 
 i would blast that stupid hairdo right off her head , once i had my powers back . 
 `` thank god for her , '' jenna said , and i blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it was mrs. casnoff who contacted byron . 
 she took my bloodstone from me because she said she 'd need some kind of proof i was dead . 
 apparently when you stake vamps , their bloodstones explode . 
 then she snuck me out of the house using this passage behind - '' `` behind a painting , '' i finished . 
 i 'd escaped thorne abbey the same way . 
 nodding , jenna said , `` right . 
 byron met me at the edge of the property and gave me this . '' 
 she lifted the clunky pendant from her neck . 
 `` he took me back to his nest in london , and let me tell you , this place has nothing on lord freaking byron 's nest for weirdness . 
 but vix was there , '' she said , smiling a little . 
 vix was jenna 's girlfriend and another vampire . 
 but then all the amusement faded from her face . 
 `` i heard about thorne . 
 all byron learned was that your body was n't found . 
 for like , a month , there was no news , and i thought ... '' i wrapped my arms around her again . 
 `` i know , '' i murmured . 
 `` i thought the same thing about you for a long time , too . '' 
 she sniffled and pulled away , rubbing her nose with her hand . 
 `` anyway , then he started hearing these strange stories that you were with the brannicks . '' 
 `` i was , '' i said , and when jenna widened her eyes at me , i raised a hand and said , `` it is a very long story , and i promise i 'll spil all later . 
 condensed version : my mom is a brannick , i am the unholy love child of a brannick and a demon , and the bar for family dysfunction is now set super high . '' 
 jenna , to her credit , knew when to just roll with it . 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 `` the more pressing question right now is , why are we back at hex hall ? '' 
 jenna looked around , taking in the unnatural fog , the dilapidated -lrb- well , more dilapidated -rrb- feel of the house . 
 `` something tells me it 's not for a class reunion . '' 
 `` did you get pulled through some kind of magic tornado , too ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` no , i flew in here as a bat . 
 it 's a new thing i learned from byron . '' 
 `` ha ha , '' i said , swatting at her arm . 
 she smiled back and said , `` yeah , same thing , actually . 
 like being yanked through the air at nine bajil ion miles an hour . '' 
 her face grew serious . 
 `` what kind of magic could do that ? 
 look around , soph . 
 there 's like , at least a hundred of us here . 
 all pulled from god knows where at the same time . 
 that 's not just hard-core , it 's - '' `` scary , '' i finished . 
 the rest of the group was starting to coalesce around the front of the house , and i had the unsettling feeling that we were all waiting for someone-or something-to come out the front door . 
 like at any second , mrs. casnoff was going to step out , and it was just going to be another school year . 
 jenna and i stayed close together , and we hung to the back of the crowd . 
 someone on my other side nudged my shoulder , and i shifted closer to jenna to make room . 
 and then a hand closed over mine . 
 before i even turned my head , i knew . 
 `` mercer . '' 
 archer smiled down at me . 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 as much as i wanted to , i could n't just throw my arms around his neck and kiss the heck out of him . 
 and i really wanted to . 
 so i settled for lacing my fingers with his and pulling him slightly closer . 
 archer here , safe , his hand in mine . 
 and jenna , pressed tight to my other side . 
 my heart was so full , i could hardly breathe , and even though i tried to keep it light , my voice was strained when i said , `` of course . 
 everything going to hell , and you turn up . 
 i should 've known . '' 
 he shrugged , even though his eyes were burning with the same emotion currently racing through my veins . 
 `` eh , italy was getting boring . 
 figured i might as well see what you ladies were up to . 
 jenna , '' he said , nodding across me . 
 i could feel jenna stiffen slightly ; the eye had killed jenna 's first girlfriend , who 'd also been the vamp that made jenna . 
 needless to say , she was n't exactly archer 's biggest fan . 
 still , she gave a curt nod . 
 `` archer . '' 
 `` so , were you covered in golden light and sucked through some kind of vortex to get here , too ? '' 
 i asked archer , trying to keep my mind on the task at hand and not the way his fingers were softly stroking my palm . 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , yeah , golden light , then it was like someone was using my body to do origami . 
 and then , bam , back at hex hall . 
 any idea what 's going on ? '' 
 it was jenna who answered . 
 `` none . 
 do you see anybody you remember ? '' 
 `` i ran into evan , the warlock i used to room with , while i was looking for you . 
 he , uh , was n't too happy to see me . '' 
 archer winced a little as he raised a hand to his cheekbone . 
 it looked a little swol en , and a bruise was already forming . 
 `` oh , right , '' i said . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten the various rumors about archer after he left the school . 
 `` people think you killed elodie . 
 and tried to kill me , so maybe we should stop with the hand-holding . '' 
 i was n't sure if archer was confused or pissed or some combination of the two , but he dropped my hand , and said , `` why do - '' but whatever he was going to say was cut off as the front door of hecate hall slowly creaked open . 
 all heads swiveled toward it , and i swore i could hear footsteps coming from inside . 
 i held my breath and wished i had n't told archer to let go of me . 
 mrs. casnoff stepped out into the dim light , wearing the same suit she 'd worn the day i 'd met her . 
 that was the only thing that was the same . 
 she looked a good ten years older than she had the last time i 'd seen her , and her hands , as she spread them wide in welcome , were shaking . 
 her royal blue skirt and jacket seemed to hang on her bony frame , and there was some kind of dark stain on her silk blouse . 
 but most disturbing of all , her dark blond hair , that hair that she always teased , threatened , or enchanted into ridiculously ornate updos , was now completely white and streaming down her back . 
 it fluttered around her head like spiderwebs . 
 `` students of hecate hall , '' she said , her voice wavering like an old lady 's . 
 `` welcome to a new semester . '' 
 chapter 14 `` oh my god , '' jenna murmured , just as i said , `` holy hell weasel , '' under my breath . 
 i wo n't repeat what archer said . 
 someone in the crowd-i think it was taylor-shouted , `` but the school is closed . 
 everyone was saying ... '' her voice trailed off , and one of the faeries piped up , her voice high and clear . 
 `` you have no right to bring us here . 
 the fae are no longer in all iance with the rest of prodigium . 
 on behalf of the seelie court , i demand you send us home . '' 
 ah . 
 that was nausicaa . 
 she was the only one of the faeries that talked like she was rehearsing a play . 
 next to me , jenna leaned in closer and said , `` the fae broke their all iance ? 
 did you know that ? '' 
 i shook my head just as mrs. casnoff pinned nausicaa with a glare . 
 no matter how feeble she seemed , she could still throw one heck of a dirty look . 
 `` all iances and treaties have no meaning here at hecate hall . 
 once you 've been a student here , your all egiance is to the school . 
 always . '' 
 she gave a smile that was more like a grimace . 
 `` it was in the code of conduct you signed when you were sentenced here . '' 
 i remembered that , a thick pamphlet i 'd barely read before scrawling my name on the dotted line . 
 i suddenly wished i had of power of time travel so that i could go smack sophie from a year ago around , and tell her to read things first . 
 `` now , i 'm sure there are many questions , '' mrs. casnoff continued in what had to be the understatement of the year . 
 `` but for now , report to your rooms . 
 all will be explained at tonight 's assembly . '' 
 `` this is crap ! '' 
 someone shouted . 
 i rose up on tiptoes and saw a tall boy with reddish hair . 
 `` evan , '' archer murmured . 
 the crowd sort of scooted away from the boy as he and mrs. casnoff faced each other down . 
 `` i beg your pardon , mr. butler ? '' 
 mrs. casnoff asked , and this time , she sounded a lot more like her old self and less like a frail old lady . 
 `` the eye and the brannicks have been killing us off , and the school freaking disappeared . 
 and now , what , we 're all just supposed to start a new school year ? '' 
 no one was whispering now . 
 in fact , everything had gone unnaturally quiet , i realized . 
 the wind had died , and there were no birds , no distant sound of the ocean . 
 it was like the island was holding its breath . 
 `` enough , '' mrs. casnoff said . 
 `` as i said , the assembly this evening will answer all - '' `` no ! '' 
 evan shouted , his voice echoing in the still air . 
 `` i 'm not setting foot in that place until you tell us what the hell is going on . 
 how did you get us here ? 
 why is he here ? '' 
 evan jerked his thumb at archer , and several people glanced in our direction . 
 archer was wearing a bored expression , but the bruise on his cheek was darker against his suddenly paler skin . 
 `` mr. butler , '' mrs. casnoff snapped , drawing herself up taller . 
 `` stop it . 
 now . '' 
 evan snorted . 
 `` screw this . '' 
 the girl next to evan , a witch whose name i thought was michaela , put a hand on his arm and said something to him , but he shook her off . 
 `` there 's no way i 'm spending another year in some rotting mansion , hidden away from the whole damn world . 
 not when a war is coming . '' 
 with that , he shoved his way through the crowd , his feet kicking up a cloud of dust down the gravel driveway . 
 `` evan . '' 
 mrs. casnoff 's voice rang out , and this time , there was more in it than anger or irritation . 
 it almost sounded like a warning . 
 but evan did n't even turn around . 
 `` what the heck is he gon na do , swim to the mainland ? '' 
 i muttered under my breath . 
 by now , evan had reached the thick wall of fog circling the house . 
 he hesitated , and i saw his shoulders go up and his hands clenched into fists at his side , like he was trying to psych himself up . 
 he raised a hand , and i saw a couple of sparks shoot from his fingertips . 
 they died almost immediately with a faint popping sound , like a wet firecracker . 
 next to me , archer wiggled his own fingers , and the same thing happened to his magic . 
 `` no powers allowed , apparently , '' he murmured . 
 i looked back at evan and thought that he 'd probably come back now . 
 instead , he moved one foot into the fog . 
 for a moment , he stood there frozen , half in , half out of the gray haze . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 `` why is n't he moving ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , and archer slipped his hand back into mine . 
 that 's when evan started to scream . 
 as we watched , the mist seemed to grow tentacles that wrapped around the rest of evan 's body . 
 one shot out and grabbed his arms , swallowing them , as a second curled around his torso . 
 a third wound its way sinuously around his head , and evan 's cry suddenly stopped . 
 and then he was gone . 
 no one moved . 
 i think that was the weirdest part , how there was no screaming or fainting . 
 this was real . 
 evan was ... well , if not dead , then gone . 
 almost as one , the crowd of students turned back to face mrs. casnoff . 
 i do n't know what i expected her to say or do . 
 cackle , maybe . 
 or look down her nose at all of us and smugly declare , `` i told him not to go . '' 
 but she was leaning against the porch rail , and she did n't look smug , or satisfied , or even grimly pleased . 
 just old and tired and maybe a little sad . 
 `` go inside , '' she told us listlessly . 
 `` your room assignments are the same as they were the previous semester . '' 
 there was another pause , and then , slowly , the students nearest the house began to shuffle up the steps . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 `` i guess we go inside , '' i said . 
 `` it 's either that or get eaten by fog . 
 i think i 'd rather take my chances with the house . '' 
 we followed the crowd , making our way onto the porch . 
 as we passed mrs. casnoff , i stopped . 
 i was n't sure what i wanted to say to her , or what i wanted her to say to me . 
 i just felt like we should acknowledge each other in some way . 
 but even though i stood just three feet from her , mrs. casnoff did n't even glance in my direction . 
 she stayed by the railing , taking shaky breaths , staring out at where evan had disappeared . 
 finally , i turned away and walked through the front door . 
 from inside the house , i could hear gasps and muffled sobbing , so i braced myself for hex hall to be every bit as screwed up as the island . 
 i had n't braced hard enough . 
 the first thing that hit me was the heat . 
 graymalkin island was off the coast of georgia , and it was mid-august , so it had already been crazy humid outside . 
 but the house had always been cool and comfortable . 
 now it was stifling , and the air was almost too thick to breathe . 
 i could smell mildew and damp , and the wall paper was peeling in places . 
 the first time i 'd been in hex hall , i 'd thought it had looked gross and dirty . 
 then , it had been a spell making me see it that way . 
 i did n't think that was the case now . 
 there was also something weird going on with the light . 
 i remembered the main hallway as being well lit , but now it was so dim that parts of the room disappeared in the shadows . 
 i took a step forward , and something crunched underfoot . 
 glancing down , i saw that it was brightly colored glass . 
 and then i realized why everything looked so different . 
 the huge stained-glass window that had dominated the space was broken . 
 it had depicted the origin of prodigium , a huge sword-wielding angel kicking the three angels who would go on to become witches , shape-shifters , and fae out of heaven . 
 but now the avenging angel was missing its head and most of the sword , and there was a huge , jagged hole right in the middle of the other three figures . 
 it looked like they 'd been cut in half by something with giant claws . 
 for some reason , it was that shattered window that got to me . 
 apparently , i was n't alone in that . 
 a few feet in front of me , a group of four witches stared up at the headless angel , their arms wrapped around each other . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 one of them wailed plaintively . 
 no one had an answer . 
 archer , jenna , and i were n't exactly clutching each other and sobbing , but we were pretty shaken as we formed a little huddle . 
 `` okay , '' i finally said . 
 `` can we all agree that this is maybe the most screwed-up situation we 've ever found ourselves in ? '' 
 `` agreed , '' they said in unison . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 i gave a little nod . 
 `` and do either of you have any idea what we should do about it ? '' 
 `` well , we ca n't use magic , '' archer said . 
 `` and if we try to leave , we get eaten by monster fog , '' jenna added . 
 `` right . 
 so no plans at all , then ? '' 
 jenna frowned . 
 `` other than rocking in the fetal position for a while ? '' 
 `` yeah , i was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry , '' archer offered . 
 i could n't help but snort with laughter . 
 `` great . 
 so we 'll all go have our mental breakdowns , and then we 'll somehow get ourselves out of this mess . '' 
 `` i think our best bet is to lie low for a while , '' archer said . 
 `` let mrs. casnoff think we 're all too shocked and awed to do anything . 
 maybe this assembly tonight will give us some answers . '' 
 `` answers , '' i practically sighed . 
 `` about freaking time . '' 
 jenna gave me a funny look . 
 `` soph , are you ... grinning ? '' 
 i could feel my cheeks aching , so i knew that i was . 
 `` look , you two have to admit : if we want to figure out just what the casnoffs are plotting , this is pretty much the perfect place . '' 
 `` my girl has a point , '' archer said , smiling at me . 
 now my cheeks did n't just ache , they burned . 
 clearing her throat , jenna said , `` okay , so we all go up to our rooms , then after the assembly tonight we can regroup and decide what to do next . '' 
 `` deal , '' i said as archer nodded . 
 `` are we all going to high-five now ? '' 
 jenna asked after a pause . 
 `` no , but i can make up some kind of secret handshake if you want , '' archer said , and for a second , they smiled at each other . 
 but just as quickly , the smile disappeared from jenna 's face , and she said to me , `` let 's go . 
 i want to see if our room is as freakified as the rest of this place . '' 
 `` good idea , '' i said . 
 archer reached out and brushed his fingers over mine . 
 `` see you later , then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his voice was casual , but my skin was hot where he touched me . 
 `` definitely , '' i answered , figuring that even a girl who has to stop evil witches from taking over the world could make time for kissage in there somewhere . 
 he turned and walked away . 
 as i watched him go , i could feel jenna staring at me . 
 `` fine , '' she acknowledged with a dramatic roll of her eyes . 
 `` he 's a little dreamy . '' 
 i elbowed her gently in the side . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 jenna started to walk to the stairs . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be right up . 
 i just want to take a quick look around down here . '' 
 `` why , so you can be even more depressed ? '' 
 actually , i wanted to stay downstairs just a little longer to see if anyone else showed up . 
 so far , i 'd seen nearly everyone i remembered from last year at hex hall . 
 had call been dragged here , too ? 
 technically he had n't been a student , but mrs. casnoff had used his powers a lot last year . 
 would she still want him here ? 
 to jenna , i just said , `` yeah , you know me . 
 i like poking bruises . '' 
 `` okay . 
 get your nancy drew on . '' 
 she jogged up the stairs . 
 i waited in the foyer for about fifteen minutes , but there was no sign of cal , or either of the casnoffs . 
 curious , i wandered in the direction of the cell ar . 
 it was down a narrow hallway just off the foyer , and while the corridor had always been dim , now it was completely covered in shadows . 
 i could barely make out the wooden door and had to move my hands over it for a while before i found the iron doorknob . 
 i twisted it , but it was locked . 
 of course . 
 `` i already tried it , '' archer said from behind me . 
 i was glad it was dark , so that he could n't see me blush yet again . 
 `` i told you , cross . 
 it 's all kissing in castles and applebee 's from now on . '' 
 i turned so that my back was to the door . 
 he walked forward . 
 `` ah , but this is technically outside the cell ar , '' he murmured as he pulled me into his arms . 
 chapter 15 as soon as our lips met , i was glad i had my back against the door . 
 my knees were in definite danger of failing me . 
 archer wrapped his arms around my waist and held me tighter as i clutched the front of his shirt and poured all that i 'd been feeling for the past few weeks into that kiss-the despair i 'd felt when i 'd thought he was dead , the relief i felt now , pressed between him and the cell ar door . 
 when we finally parted , i rested my forehead on his collarbone and took deep breaths . 
 it was a few moments before i was capable of speech . 
 `` i thought you said we 'd do this ` later . ' '' 
 he kissed my temple . 
 `` it 's been like , twenty minutes . 
 that counts as later . '' 
 chuckling , i raised my head to look at him . 
 `` i kind of missed you . '' 
 even though it was dark , i could see him smile . 
 `` i kind of missed you , too . '' 
 `` i should probably get upstairs now . '' 
 `` you probably should , '' he murmured , lowering his mouth to mine . 
 by the time i finally made it up to jenna 's and my room , i was practically skipping . 
 but as soon as i walked through the door , my happy feelings evaporated so quickly , i practically heard the pop . 
 `` oh , man , '' i said softly . 
 `` why do i keep being surprised when everything turns out gross and depressing ? '' 
 jenna was sitting in the middle of her bed . 
 `` i thought the window was the worst , '' she said quietly . 
 `` or , you know . 
 evan getting eaten . 
 but now i really feel like crying . '' 
 our room had never been what anyone would call luxurious , but thanks to jenna 's obsessive love for pink , it had been ... okay , i was going to say `` comfortable '' but `` bright '' and `` maybe a little insane '' were probably better descriptions . 
 still , it had been ours , and i 'd never really realized how much jenna 's lights , scarves , and electric raspberry comforter had made that tiny dorm room feel like home . 
 there were no lights now . 
 just two beds , shoved to opposite walls ; one battered desk ; and a dresser that listed heavily to one side . 
 the mirror above the dresser was weathered and cracked , distorting our reflections . 
 maybe it was that gray light from all the fog , or maybe it was just that this room , like the rest of the house , seemed to have had all the color bled out of it . 
 whatever it was , this dorm room was not home anymore . 
 in fact , it felt an awful lot like a cell . 
 i started to say that to jenna as i moved out of the doorway . 
 but the second i did , the door slammed behind me , hard enough to make me jump . 
 down the hallway , i could hear other doors slamming , too , and a few muffled shouts . 
 `` locked ? '' 
 jenna guessed . 
 i jiggled the handle . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` do you think archer is right about everyone here being de-magicked ? 
 or maybe the fog , like , made his and evan 's magic...de-magic . '' 
 crossing over to the closet , i sighed and said , `` i 'm betting the kids here are de-magicked , but it does n't really matter . '' 
 i flung open the closet . 
 just as i 'd thought , the only things hung up inside were hex hall uniforms . 
 `` i 'm pretty much de-magicked myself these days , '' i said to jenna over my shoulder . 
 `` also , maybe we should stop saying de-magicked . 
 it 's starting to sound weird . '' 
 she sat up straighter . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you know , when you say things too much , and - '' `` sophie , '' jenna said , tilting her head and frowning at me . 
 sighing , i sat down on my own bed , facing her . 
 `` thanks to some mojo from the council , i 'm currently powerless . '' 
 her expression softening , jenna breathed , `` oh , soph . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` it 's not as bad as it sounds , '' i told her . 
 `` my powers are n't gone gone . 
 they 're still bumping around in here , but i ca n't use them unless i touch this particular-whoa . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i crossed the room to grip the footboard of jenna 's bed . 
 `` there 's this spell in the thorne family grimoire . 
 if i touch it , my powers will be restored . 
 and dad was sure the casnoffs had the grimoire . 
 it might be here , jenna . '' 
 i let go of her bed to pace as my magic pounded inside me . 
 `` if we find it , i could be demoning up the place by dinnertime . '' 
 and possibly using my powers for the casnoffs . 
 fear , oily and hot , slid over me at the idea , and i suddenly felt sick . 
 `` or lara could have it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh . 
 lara . 
 damn it , i did n't think of that . '' 
 i felt my magic slide back down to settle in the pit of my stomach , almost like it was disappointed , too . 
 `` we can still look for it , '' jenna said quickly . 
 `` or lara might show up . 
 we 'll find some way to get your powers back , soph . '' 
 i smiled at her . 
 `` jenna , once again , your powers of awesome amaze me . '' 
 `` it 's a skill , '' she agreed , nodding somberly . 
 giggling , i tossed a pillow at her , and for a moment it was like nothing had changed ; we were just sophie and jenna , hanging out in our dorm room , getting ready to go to methods of magical execution 1500-present , or some other boring class . 
 for the next hour or so , we sat on our beds and filled each other in on everything we 'd been through the past month . 
 she told me what life had been like at byron 's -lrb- no surprise , there had been lots of crushed velvet , and drinking blood out of skulls , and `` byron 's version of open mic night , '' jenna had said with a shudder -rrb- . 
 `` i wonder what vix thinks happened to me , '' jenna said . 
 `` i was standing right next to her when i whooshed back here . '' 
 `` you 'll get back to her , jenna . 
 promise . '' 
 i was n't sure how much jenna believed that , but she nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 okay , so now tell me all about the brannicks . '' 
 so i did , including finley and izzy and the reappearance of my dad and cal . 
 i even fessed up about cal 's and my betrothal , the kiss , and everything that had happened with archer back at thorne abbey . 
 until i started spilling them , i had n't realized just how many secrets i 'd been keeping from jenna . 
 i think even she was a little bit shocked , because she raised her eyebrows and said , `` wow . 
 you were busier than i thought this summer . '' 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 she considered it , and then said , `` no . 
 i feel like i should be , but ... '' she sighed . 
 `` i get why it was n't easy to talk to me about the archer stuff . 
 besides , i went through nearly a month thinking you were dead , so it 's hard to feel anything but yay , sophie , you know ? '' 
 relief surged through me . 
 `` well , good . 
 because if i 'm gon na get to the bottom of whatever is going on here , i 'm definitely going to need my vampire sidekick . '' 
 jenna snorted and tossed her hair . 
 `` whatever . 
 you 're obviously the sidekick . 
 with that hair , and all the sarcastic remarks ? '' 
 `` hmmm , '' i said , pretending to think it over . 
 `` and you do have a way more angsty backstory . '' 
 jenna waved her hand . 
 `` exactly . 
 vampire for the win ! '' 
 we laughed again . 
 then i glanced out the window . 
 the gray sky was already darkening , and the fog that surrounded the house seemed to slither . 
 jenna had gotten quiet . 
 `` what do you think is going to happen to us ? '' 
 the first thing that came to mind was `` nothing good , '' but instead i wrapped an arm around her shoulders and said , `` we 're going to be fine . 
 think of all the stuff we 've already been through . 
 you think a little killer fog is gon na get in our way ? 
 ha ! '' 
 jenna did n't look convinced , but she did say , `` i 'm not sure if you 're confident or delusional , but thanks anyway . '' 
 the sky was nearly black by the time our door finally creaked open . 
 mrs. casnoff 's voice , as thin and reedy as before , drifted through the school . 
 `` students , at this time , please report to the ball room . '' 
 jenna and i joined the groups of kids headed down the stairs . 
 no one was crying now , so i guess that was an improvement . 
 `` sophie , '' taylor said , appearing at my elbow . 
 her voice was kind of garbled because her fangs were out . 
 `` so , what 's all this about ? '' 
 `` how would i know ? 
 i 'm every bit as clueless as everyone else . '' 
 she frowned , which had the effect of shoving her incisors even farther out . 
 it had been a while since i 'd been around shapeshifters ; i 'd forgotten how unsettling they could be . 
 caught in between humans and animals , they could definitely cause the heebie-jeebies . 
 `` but your dad was head of the council , '' she said . 
 `` and you were with the council all summer . 
 you must know something . '' 
 `` and why is archer cross here ? '' 
 that was from justin . 
 his voice had apparently changed over the summer , since he actually said the words instead of squeaking them . 
 `` he 's an eye . '' 
 `` did n't he try to kill you ? '' 
 nausicaa had drifted up , and she narrowed her eyes at me . 
 `` and if so , why exactly were you holding his hand earlier ? '' 
 conversations like this usually ended in pitchforks and torches , so i held my hands out in what i hoped was an `` everyone just calm the heck down '' gesture . 
 but then jenna spoke up . 
 `` sophie does n't know anything , '' she said , nudging me behind her . 
 that might 've been more effective if jenna were n't so short . 
 `` and whatever reason we 're here , the council had nothing to do with it . '' 
 jenna did n't add that that was because the entire council , with the exception of lara casnoff and my dad , was dead . 
 `` she 's just as freaked out as the rest of us , so back . 
 off . '' 
 from the expressions on the other kids ' faces , i guessed jenna had bared her fangs , and maybe even given a flash of red eyes . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 a familiar voice brayed . 
 great . 
 like this night did n't suck out loud enough already . 
 the vandy-who had been a cross between school matron and prison guard at hex hall - shoved her way through the crowd , breathing hard . 
 her purple tattoos , marks of the removal , were nearly black against her red face . 
 `` downstairs , now ! '' 
 as the group began moving again , she glared at jenna and me . 
 `` show your fangs again , miss talbot , and i 'll wear them as earrings . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 jenna may have muttered , `` yes , ma'am , '' but her tone said something totally different . 
 we jogged down the stairs to join the rest of the students lining up to go into the ball room . 
 `` at least one thing at hex hall has n't changed , '' jenna said . 
 `` yeah , apparently the vandy 's powers of bitchery are a constant . 
 i find that comforting . '' 
 less comforting was the creeptasticness of the school at night . 
 during the day , it had just been depressing . 
 now that it was dark , it was full-on sinister . 
 the old-fashioned gas lamps on the walls had once burned with a cozy , golden light . 
 now , a noxious green glow sputtered inside the milky glass , throwing crazy shadows all over the place . 
 as we moved down the hall , i stopped by one of the parlors . 
 the big window that had looked out over the pond -lrb- and cal 's cabin -rrb- was broken . 
 more of that terrifying fog spilled inside through the jagged window frame , swirling around the floor . 
 i noticed that several of the photographs that lined the walls were now lying on the carpet . 
 `` i know ` what 's going on ? ' 
 has practically become a catchphrase around here , '' i said to jenna , `` but seriously . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 jenna studied the fog and shook her head . 
 `` it 's like the house is sick , '' she said . 
 `` or poisoned . 
 the island , too . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i mean , the casnoffs have a giant pit they use for raising demons . '' 
 archer and i had found that pit over the summer , and i still had nightmares about the ghouls who had guarded it . 
 `` magic that dark-that evil ... do you think it could actually infect a place ? '' 
 her expression troubled , jenna murmured , `` would n't surprise me . '' 
 `` are broken windows a new decorating theme around here ? '' 
 archer asked , coming up behind jenna and me and poking his head into the parlor . 
 `` so it would seem , '' i said . 
 i was still looking outside when a faint light appeared in the gloom . 
 it took me a minute to realize that it was from cal 's cabin . 
 was someone out there ? 
 was call out there ? 
 but just as quickly as it had appeared , the light went out again . 
 frowning , i turned from the doorway , and i went to slip my arm through archer 's . 
 then i remembered what nausicaa had said earlier . 
 now was n't exactly the best time for pda , probably . 
 the three of us trailed behind everyone else into the ball room . 
 here , at least , things looked more or less the same . 
 of course , the ball room had always been one of the more bizarre rooms at hex hall , so that did n't say much . 
 still . 
 i was relieved to see the familiar jumble of tables and chairs and not , like , tree stumps or whatever . 
 but then i looked at the front of the room , and any relief i might 've been feeling evaporated . 
 mrs. casnoff was slumping in her usual chair , staring off into the distance . 
 her hair was up now , but it was still unkempt . 
 the vandy was also sitting at the table , but the other three teachers we 'd had at hex hall - ms. east , mr. ferguson , and byron , of course-were missing . 
 and sitting at the other end of the table , dressed in a bright blue suit , smiling like she was at a freaking tea party , was lara casnoff . 
 chapter 16 somehow , i got through dinner . 
 well , i pushed food around on my plate . 
 jenna and archer did the same . 
 in fact , as i looked around , all i saw were full plates . 
 maybe it was fear or nervousness keeping everyone else from eating , but for me , it was this weird mixture of rage and elation . 
 lara casnoff had taken so much away from me , and my powers ached to do some serious smiting . 
 but at the same time , the fact that she was here meant that it was very likely the grimoire was here , too . 
 i was lost in thoughts of where the book could be when lara stood up , clapped her hands , and announced , `` if you 're all finished eating , we can get on with the presentation . '' 
 `` do you think there 's going to be a dance number ? '' 
 jenna muttered as we shifted our chairs to face the front of the room . 
 i always appreciated a good dance number joke , but it was hard to chuckle as i stared at the woman who had tried to kill me more than once . 
 i willed her to meet my eyes , for some kind of acknowledgment of what had happened this summer . 
 but she never did . 
 i felt an almost overpowering sense of deja vu as i sat in my chair , archer next to me , and watched lara casnoff stand in front of the room . 
 had it really been only a year ago that archer and i had sat in this same room , practically strangers ? 
 back when i 'd thought i was just a regular witch . 
 back when hex hall had been a school and not some kind of prison . 
 lara raised her hands in welcome . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're all wondering why you 're here , '' she said , her voice ringing out loud and clear in the silent room . 
 all of the students were very still . 
 there was none of the unrest and anger that had filled us earlier today . 
 maybe it 's because we all wanted answers . 
 or maybe we were just afraid we 'd get eaten , too . 
 `` first of all , let me apologize for your current accommodations , '' lara continued , pacing the front of the room . 
 her heels reverberated as loudly as gunshots . 
 `` we 're funneling a great deal of magic into your protection here at hecate hall , and i 'm afraid that 's affected the house itself . 
 but then , this school was never meant to be a five-star hotel , was it ? '' 
 she was still smiling , but there was hardness in her eyes now . 
 `` in any case , i 'm lara casnoff , and i will be working with anastasia casnoff as headmistress for this year . 
 now , i 'm sure you have many questions . 
 but first , i think it 's time we tell you the truth about events that occurred this summer . '' 
 a glimmering speck appeared beside her hip , and i knew what was coming next . 
 sure enough , the speck grew until it was a huge , shimmering screen . 
 and then we were all shading our eyes as fire raced across the screen . 
 `` this is council headquarters in london , '' lara said over the sound of the flames . 
 `` several months ago , ll ` occhio di dio , along with a large group of brannicks , attacked . 
 over half of the council was killed , and this was the result . '' 
 she gestured to the burning building . 
 lara 's voice rang out again . 
 `` and then , only a few months later , the eye attacked our secondary headquarters at thorne abbey . '' 
 on the screen , the house loomed up , as immense and impressive as it had been the first day i 'd seen it . 
 looking at it , i felt a wave of sadness wash over me . 
 i 'd been happy there . 
 i 'd also been freaked out and nearly killed more than once , but still . 
 it was where i 'd gotten to know more about my history . 
 it 's where i 'd gotten to know dad . 
 once again , bright orange light nearly blinded me as thorne abbey was also engulfed in flames . 
 `` thorne abbey was destroyed . 
 anastasia and i were lucky to escape with our lives . 
 unfortunately , the head of the council , james atherton , was not so lucky . '' 
 several heads swiveled in my direction , and i worked to keep my face impassive . 
 when i looked from the screen over to lara , i saw that she was staring right at me . 
 `` there can be no doubt now that we 're at war with our enemies , '' lara said . 
 `` the eye and the brannicks will not be happy until all prodigium have been wiped from the face of the earth . '' 
 she clapped once , and the screen shrunk back down to a tiny dot , and then vanished altogether . 
 `` and that is why all of you are here . '' 
 i realized i was sitting on the edge of my seat . 
 `` why were all of you sent to hecate hall originally ? '' 
 lara asked . 
 at first , i thought she did n't want an actual answer , but then she nodded at one of the younger witches . 
 the girl looked around before answering , `` because we did something wrong . 
 exposed our powers to the human world . '' 
 lara shook her head . 
 `` it is n't that your magic was wrong , '' she said . 
 `` it 's that your magic was strong . 
 powerful . 
 that 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
 and it 's certainly not something for which you should be punished . 
 you '' - she spread her arms out wide - `` all of you , are the most valuable people in prodigium society . 
 you feel as though your powers are out of control , but they 're not . 
 they 're simply too much for you to handle at times . '' 
 it was close to something call had said to me back at thorne abbey , that my spells were n't destructive so much as `` too big . '' 
 `` so are you going to teach us to control them ? '' 
 i heard someone call out . 
 lara 's smile spread across her face , so big and bright that it was actually terrifying . 
 `` better than that . 
 you 've all been brought here for a very special purpose . '' 
 `` this is n't going to be good , is it ? '' 
 jenna whispered . 
 `` maybe the special purpose involves us eating brownies ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` or , like , wrangling unicorns ? 
 that may actually be possible . '' 
 jenna studied me . 
 `` you must be really freaked out . '' 
 i was . 
 and it turned out , i was right to be , because the next thing lara said was , `` for hundreds of years , prodigium have been looking for a way to make themselves stronger . 
 more powerful . 
 invincible , even . '' 
 once again , her eyes met mine . 
 `` and now we 've found a way . 
 clarice ? '' 
 the vandy got up from the table , a small velvet bag in her hand . 
 she reached inside it and pulled out a crumpled and ragged sheet of paper , holding it over her head so that everyone could see . 
 my magic started slam-dancing inside my chest . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 archer asked me . 
 i did n't get a chance to answer . 
 `` this piece of paper is the key to our salvation , '' lara continued . 
 `` on it is the most powerful spell ever created . 
 it can imbue each and every one of you with the most powerful magic in the universe . 
 and not only will this spell keep you safe from our enemies , it will allow you to obliterate them once and for all . '' 
 suddenly , both archer 's and jenna 's hands clamped down on my wrists . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i whispered , looking back and forth between them . 
 `` you were about to get up , '' archer replied through clenched teeth , never taking his eyes of lara . 
 `` and then you were probably going to start yelling about how she 's going to turn us into demons , '' jenna added , so low i could barely hear her . 
 `` and we 're lying low , remember ? '' 
 they were right . 
 and lara was already watching me , that same creepy smile curving her lips . 
 she wanted me to jump up and start shouting about demons and mind control . 
 then i 'd look like a nutjob , and that would be that . 
 so even though it was killing me to just sit there , i did it . 
 lara 's grin slipped a little as i held her gaze , saying nothing . 
 `` so that 's why you 've all been brought here , '' she said , turning her attention back to the other students . 
 `` to train . 
 to prepare . 
 and to participate in a ritual that will make you all more powerful than you 'd ever thought possible . '' 
 `` if we 're so ` valuable , ' why are we being held here against our will ? '' 
 asked siobhan , one of the faeries . 
 `` the spells guarding this island are for your protection , '' the vandy barked , and even though that hardly answered the question , it was apparently all the answer we were going to get , because lara just nodded and said , `` exactly . 
 now , we 'll start preparing you for the ritual tomorrow morning , first thing . 
 so i suggest you all head back to your rooms and get some rest . '' 
 if it was a `` suggestion , '' i wondered why it sounded so much like a threat . 
 but slowly , kids started getting up and moving for the door . 
 heads were together , and there was whispering , but no one protested or tried to ask any more questions . 
 maybe everyone else had decided to lie low , too . 
 but me ? 
 i was kind of over that . 
 even as jenna hissed for me to come back , i walked to the front of the room and stood directly in front of lara casnoff , the woman who had tried to kill me . 
 the woman who 'd tried to kill archer , and jenna , and had put my dad through a ritual that had nearly killed him . 
 `` you 're going to turn them all into demons ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` did you forget the part where your last demon went rogue and started killing people ? '' 
 she did n't answer my question . 
 `` you certainly are a resilient little thing , sophie . '' 
 `` and you 're evil and super condescending . '' 
 `` is this the part where you tell me that you 're going to stop me ? 
 that i wo n't get away with it ? '' 
 she asked , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` because if it is , let me give you some advice : grow up . '' 
 with that , she handed the spell back to the vandy , who replaced it in the bag . 
 i watched the two of them walk out of the ball room , mrs. casnoff trailing behind , as archer and jenna came to stand next to me . 
 `` well , we know the plan now , '' jenna said . 
 `` any counter plans ? '' 
 `` stop the casnoffs from raising a demon army , save everybody , and get the heck off this island . 
 then maybe we 'll have a party or something . 
 you know , to celebrate how awesome we are . '' 
 `` sounds solid enough , '' archer said , bumping my shoulder with his . 
 `` any idea how exactly we 're supposed to do any of that ? '' 
 the greenish lights in the ball room winked out , and i sighed . 
 `` none . '' 
 chapter 17 the next morning , i was blasted out of bed by hex hall 's version of an alarm clock-this sonorous howling sound that was half bell , half growl . 
 the room was still dark , and when i glanced out the window , all i could see was that damn fog . 
 jenna was already at the closet , pulling out a uniform . 
 last night , we 'd discovered the dresser was filled with white t-shirts and blue pajama pants . 
 they were all the same size , but when you put them on , the clothes shifted and slid until they fit . 
 the uniforms were apparently the same , because as jenna slipped into the skirt , the hem brushed her shins , only to slither back up her body until the skirt fell just below her knees . 
 `` i do n't know if that 's convenient or creepy , '' she said , inspecting her legs . 
 shoving off the covers , i got out of bed and went to get my own uniform . 
 `` let 's go with creepy , shal we ? '' 
 jenna pulled on her blazer , and i noticed she was chewing her lower lip , obviously thinking something over . 
 `` you know , that 's a dangerous habit for a vampire , '' i told her , nodding at her mouth . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh , right , '' she said . 
 `` sorry , i was just ... soph , if their big plot is to make everyone a demon , why bring you here ? 
 or me , for that matter ? 
 lara wanted me killed just a few months ago . 
 what changed her mind ? '' 
 the same thought had kept me up last night . 
 over and over , i 'd replayed torin 's words : me , at the head of the casnoffs ' demon force , using my powers for them . 
 was that why i was here ? 
 but all i said to jenna was , `` they 're evil and twisted . 
 who knows why they do anything ? '' 
 i could tell that answer did n't satisfy her , so i added , `` but that 's what we 're going to find out , right ? 
 operation nancy drew goes to hex hall starts today ! '' 
 jenna opened her mouth to say something , but then there was a sudden flash of light in the middle of the room . 
 she shrieked , and i threw my hand up to shade my eyes as the glowing ball morphed into a familiar shape-the greenhouse where we used to have defense classes . 
 the three-dimensional image rotated slowly as lara 's voice filled the room . 
 `` at this time , all students are to report to the greenhouse . '' 
 scowling , i waved my arm through the spell . 
 it swirled like smoke before dissolving . 
 `` freaking drama queen , '' i muttered . 
 `` how hard would it have been to announce that last night ? 
 or to just do the voice thing ? '' 
 jenna was still staring at the spot where the spell had been . 
 `` what do you think they 're going to do to us there ? '' 
 `` i - '' before i got any further than that , i saw another flash of light , and the next thing i knew , i heard myself saying , `` look , they 're not going to kill you , so maybe you should chil out for a sec . '' 
 jenna shook her head slightly , like i 'd just slapped her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 tell her you 're me ! 
 or i 'm you . 
 whatever ! 
 i demanded . 
 i did n't actually expect elodie to respond . 
 it was n't like she usually listened to my mental commands . 
 but this time , thankfully , she did . 
 `` it 's elodie , '' she told jenna . 
 she breezed through the explanation of just why she could use me as her personal puppet so quickly that jenna could only blink in response . 
 `` if sophie had n't used my magic in her body , '' elodie summed up , `` she would 've been dead like , ten times by now . '' 
 okay , it was only twice , i grumbled inside . 
 elodie ignored me . 
 `` and no , '' she said , raising my hand to cut off jenna 's next question . 
 `` i ca n't possess anyone else . 
 trust me , i 've been trying to get inside lara casnoff ever since we got here . 
 which ... sounds really wrong . '' 
 i felt my shoulders shrug . 
 `` anyway , you looked like you were about to eat your own lip , and that 's totally gross , so i figured i oughta swoop in and put your mind at ease . 
 last night , when i was trying my hardest to possess anyone who 's not this freak , i overheard the casnoffs talking . 
 apparently , turning a vampire into a demon seems like an awesome idea , so that 's why you 're here . 
 no staking on the agenda . '' 
 using elodie as a spy had n't even occurred to me . 
 oh my god , this is perfect ! 
 i shouted . 
 well , mentally shouted . 
 of course ! 
 they ca n't see you unless you want them to ; you can go anywhere in the school , and - jeez , not so loud , she interrupted . 
 i 'm in your head , so use your inside inside voice . 
 elodie went to brush my hair out of my eyes , muttering , `` god , how does she live like this ? '' 
 if you promise to stop taking over whenever you feel like it , i promise to get a hot oill treatment , i replied , and she snorted . 
 jenna folded her arms tightly across her chest . 
 `` so , what-you 're like , helping us now ? '' 
 my eyes rolled . 
 `` no , i 'm on team take over the world with a demon army . 
 of course i 'm helping you . 
 mostly so that whenever this is over , sophie can get back to important stuff . 
 like how to unbind me from her . '' 
 jenna nodded , distracted . 
 `` you 've done magic through sophie , you said . 
 can you try to do some now ? 
 like , something simple ? '' 
 `` this place has some kind of magic blocker on it , '' elodie said , even as the same thought went through my brain . 
 `` no unauthorized persons can do spells . '' 
 `` right , but the casnoffs do n't even know you 're here , '' jenna said , a slow grin spreading on her face . 
 `` a ghost using a powerless demon to do magic ? 
 bet they did n't think of that . '' 
 worth a shot , i said to elodie . 
 apparently she agreed , because my fingers came up , and there was a brief surge of power in my veins . 
 sparks flew , and within seconds , jenna 's pink stripe was the same white-blond as the rest of her hair . 
 `` holy crap , '' jenna said , pulling her hair in front of her eyes . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 relief flooded through me , and i was n't sure if it was mine or elodie 's . 
 there was a sudden banging on our door . 
 jenna jumped , and elodie flicked my hand out toward her . 
 bright fuchsia snaked down jenna 's hair again , and then , with that same awful , disorienting sensation i 'd felt the night with the werewolf , elodie was gone . 
 i sat down on my bed , trying to catch my breath , as jenna opened the door . 
 the vandy stood there , glaring at us , and my heart plummeted . 
 they knew . 
 they 'd sensed magic happening in here , and now they 'd sent the vandy to come collect us . 
 i sat there , trying not to pant in terror , while jenna openly trembled . 
 `` you were told to report to the greenhouse , '' the vandy said , her eyes going back and forth between us . 
 `` now , get your skinny butts down there . '' 
 you know when you have the most inappropriate reaction to something ever ? 
 i was so happy that we were n't being hauled off to be murdered that i burst out laughing . 
 i mean , big , loud , honking laughter . 
 jenna shot me a panicked look as the vandy 's scowl got even darker . 
 `` what 's so funny , miss mercer ? '' 
 i stood up on wobbly legs and did my best to stop cracking up . 
 `` sorry , it 's just , um ... '' `` you said ` butts , ' '' jenna blurted out . 
 `` and sophie 's got a really immature sense of humor . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , seizing on that . 
 `` butts . 
 ha ha ! '' 
 i think if the vandy could have murdered us right then and there , she probably would have . 
 instead she just thrust one finger toward the staircase and said , `` move it . '' 
 we scrambled from the room . 
 outside , the sky was every bit as gloomy and gray as it had been the day before . 
 the fog seemed to have moved out a little bit , so we could make our way down to the greenhouse without fear of getting absorbed . 
 still , the ground felt mushy underfoot , and the grass , once bright emerald green , was now a sickly whitish-brown , like the underside of a mushroom . 
 as we passed a huge oak tree , one of its blackened branches gave an ominous crack . 
 once we were sure the vandy was far enough behind us to make eavesdropping impossible , i lowered my head close to jenna 's and said , `` okay , so we have a ghost-spy . '' 
 `` a ghost-spy who can do magic , '' jenna added . 
 i nodded . 
 `` even better . 
 which means that maybe the playing field is leveled after all . '' 
 jenna squeezed my hand , and i was actually feeling kind of optimistic as we approached the greenhouse . 
 i mean , i was n't going to start skipping or anything -lrb- mostly because i was afraid i 'd slip in all the muck -rrb- , but all in all , i felt worlds better . 
 through the glass walls of the greenhouse , i could see most of the other students standing in a circle , and i was in a good enough mood to joke to jenna , `` ooh , wonder if we 're gon na play duck , duck , demon . '' 
 she laughed , but the sound died in her throat almost immediately as the crowd inside the greenhouse parted enough for us to see what they were all circling around . 
 there , shimmering chains of magic wrapped around his wrists , was archer . 
 chapter 18 jenna and i slid through the door as inconspicuously as we could . 
 my heart was hammering , and all i wanted to do was rush to archer , but lara was standing right next to him , a smirk on her face . 
 `` this whole ` lying low ' thing sucks so hard , '' i whispered to jenna as we fell to the back of the crowd . 
 she gave me a sympathetic look , and then we turned our attention to lara . 
 `` students , '' lara said . 
 `` as many of you have heard , mr. cross here is a member of ll ` occhio di dio . '' 
 she walked closer to archer and unbuttoned the top several buttons of his shirt , pulling the fabric away to reveal the gold-and-black tattoo just over his heart . 
 i heard several gasps from the crowd . 
 of course , everyone had heard archer was an eye , but hearing about it and actually seeing proof were two different things . 
 `` and the eye are our enemies , '' lara continued , circling archer . 
 i met his gaze , and he tried to smile at me , but i could see he was shaking . 
 my hands curled into fists , nails biting into my palms . 
 my magic was like a tsunami inside me , pounding against its prison . 
 `` but mr. cross is far and away the worst of ll ` occhio di dio . 
 would anyone care to tell me why ? '' 
 her gaze locked on mine . 
 `` miss mercer ? 
 since you 're the one he tried to assassinate last year , why do n't you inform your classmates of the danger mr. cross represents ? '' 
 `` he was n't sent here to as-assassinate me , '' i insisted . 
 i probably would have sounded more confident if i had n't stumbled over the word `` assassinate . '' 
 i cleared my throat , and kept going . 
 `` he was sent here to watch me , nothing more . '' 
 `` and was he also sent to watch elodie parris ? 
 why exactly , miss mercer , would the eye have such an interest in you ? '' 
 i was standing on shaky ground , and lara and me both knew it . 
 it was like she had woven chains around me , too , only with words instead of magic . 
 i did n't want to own up to my demon-ness in front of the entire student body-after all , everyone at hex hall still thought i was a regular witch - and i was afraid that anything else i said was just going to get archer in more trouble . 
 so even though i felt sick , i lowered my eyes and pressed my lips together . 
 `` i can tell you what the eye wanted with sophie , '' archer spoke up . 
 he was grinning , but his voice was tight with pain . 
 `` we heard she was particularly skilled at chutes and ladders , and since the eye holds a chutes and ladders tournament every summer - '' his voice broke on a cry of pain as lara twisted her fingers , and the glowing threads of magic around him burned white hot for a moment . 
 i had to bite the inside of my cheek to keep from screaming . 
 `` archer cross is not only a member of ll ` occhio di dio , but he 's also a traitor to his people , '' lara said , moving to stand closer to him . 
 `` he represents the greatest threat any of us can ever face . 
 which is why he 'll be so very useful to us . '' 
 jenna slipped her hand in mine and squeezed my fingers as lara said , `` today , we 'll be using mr. cross for practice . 
 the ritual i discussed last night will increase your powers , but first i need to see what we 're working with . '' 
 and then , like she was getting us ready for a game of red rover , she clapped her hands and said , `` all right , everyone , line up . 
 you will each get one chance to use your most powerful attack spell on mr. cross . 
 i do ask that you do n't do anything that will kill him . 
 mr. call ahan is on hand to heal him , but even his powers only go so far . '' 
 mouth dry , i looked up . 
 i 'd been so focused on archer in the middle of the room that i had n't noticed cal , standing at the very back of the room , leaning against the gall ows . 
 his arms were folded over his chest . 
 he was watching me , the expression on his face a weird mix of relief , anger , and tension . 
 i lifted my fingers in a kind of wave , and he nodded in return . 
 jenna followed my gaze , and her grip on my hand got tighter . 
 `` cal , '' she murmured . 
 `` that 's at least one more thing in our favor . '' 
 and it was . 
 too bad it was impossible to feel happy about anything as i spent the next few hours watching my classmates torture archer . 
 because i did n't have magic , i was allowed to sit the exercise out and watch . 
 and lara ensured that i watched . 
 the first time i tried to shut my eyes , i realized they were frozen open . 
 i could n't move my neck either , so turning my head away was out of the question . 
 michaela was the first witch to go . 
 she hesitated , and her attack spell , when she finally cast it , was weak . 
 it bounced off archer 's chest and barely made him rock back on his heels . 
 i thought maybe they 'd all do that . 
 i mean , sure , archer was the `` enemy , '' but it was n't like these kids were kill ers . 
 and if it had n't been for lara , maybe they would 've gone easy on archer . 
 but when michaela went to stand at the back of the line , lara sent a bolt of magic crashing into her back that brought her to her knees . 
 `` the next person to purposely hold back will get far worse than that , '' lara declared , and i wondered how i could have ever thought that she was nice . 
 or sane . 
 so i sat there , tears streaming down my face , and watched archer take one attack spell after another from the witches and warlocks . 
 the faeries froze him with ice , or burned him with heat . 
 one conjured a vine out of thin air that wrapped itself around archer 's throat until he passed out . 
 i do n't want to talk about what the shapeshifters did . 
 after every attack , call walked forward and laid his hands on archer 's body until archer regained consciousness , or stopped bleeding , or started breathing again . 
 each time archer stood up to face yet another kid , he looked a little paler , a little more broken , and the closer jenna got to the front of the line , the more my stomach twisted itself into knots . 
 the idea of watching my best friend bite and drink from the boy i loved was so wrong , so nauseating , that i could n't let myself even contemplate it . 
 thank god , in the end , i did n't have to . 
 taylor went right before jenna , and when call knelt next to archer to heal him , he looked up at lara and said , `` that 's enough . 
 any more , and i wo n't be able to bring him back . '' 
 lara frowned , but waved her hand and said , `` fine . 
 you 'll get your shot tomorrow , miss talbot . '' 
 she turned her attention back to the rest of the group , all of whom looked ... i do n't even know what the right word is . 
 shattered . 
 depleted . 
 there 's no worse feeling than being forced to use your powers to hurt someone . 
 `` good work today , '' lara said , and you would 've thought we 'd all just aced a math test or something , not tortured a classmate . 
 `` now that i have a better idea of your various strengths , we can work on honing your powers . 
 everyone back to the house . '' 
 no one spoke a word as they shuffled through the doors . 
 jenna came back to sit by me , and as soon as lara left , i could move again . 
 blindly , i ran to archer , who was sitting on one of the thick mats we 'd used in defense . 
 his elbows rested on his raised knees , and he had his head in his hands . 
 i knelt in front of him , awkwardly wrapping my arms around his neck . 
 he uncurled himself , pulling me to him . 
 for a long time , we held each other , my hands fisted in his hair ; his , stroking my back . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' he said at last . 
 `` i know that 's hard to believe , but nothing hurts . 
 i mean , except for my mind and soul , but those were always a little broken . '' 
 gently , we disentangled ourselves and rose to our feet . 
 `` your magic is awesome , man , '' he said to cal , who i just realized was standing at the edge of the mat , next to jenna . 
 `` although i have to say , now that you 've brought me back from the edge of death-what , like , hundreds of times ? 
 - i 'm starting to feel like our relationship is a little unbalanced . '' 
 `` you can buy me a burger when we get out of here , '' call said , and as usual , i had no idea if he was joking or not . 
 i stepped away from archer and reached out to give call one of those uncomfortable side hugs . 
 `` it 's good to see you , '' i told him . 
 `` and not just because of , um ... '' i gestured to archer , who raised an eyebrow at me but did n't say anything . 
 willing my face not to go red , i asked cal , `` did you get here yesterday like the rest of us ? '' 
 sighing , call shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` yeah . 
 one minute , i was heading out to the tent to grab some stuff ; the next , there was all this light , and here i was . 
 back in my cabin , actually . '' 
 `` why are we just now seeing you ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 `` the cabin was locked , '' he replied . 
 `` windows sealed shut , everything . 
 then this morning , i got the order to come here . 
 lara said they needed my ` special skills . ' 
 got ta admit , i did n't think it was going to be anything this intense . '' 
 now that he mentioned it , call did look awfully gray and exhausted . 
 healing magic is hard , and just one spell took a lot of cal . 
 to repeatedly bring someone back from the brink of death ? 
 no wonder he looked ready to keel over . 
 still , call was tough , and he shook off his obvious weariness to ask , `` so they 're turning everyone into demons , huh ? '' 
 `` that seems to be the plan , '' i said . 
 briefly , i filled him in on the assembly last night , adding , `` and from what elodie said , it 's like they want to do some kind of experiment on all of us , see what happens when you put a demon in a vampire . '' 
 `` what do you mean , ` elodie said ' ? '' 
 archer asked , furrowing his brow . 
 `` oh . 
 um , elodie haunts me . 
 and now , uh , she can possess me and stuff . 
 which '' - i hastened to add since archer 's expression had gone dangerously dark - `` is actually a good thing , because she can do magic through me . '' 
 jenna and i stood there , letting the boys take that in . 
 `` okay , '' archer said slowly . 
 `` well , that 's incredibly disturbing , but i 'm all for anything that helps us get out of here faster . 
 especially if i 'm going to be used as some kind of guinea pig for torture . '' 
 i moved closer to him , wrapping my arm around his waist , and pretended not to see the way call suddenly looked away . 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 i sighed . 
 `` honestly , i want to say run . 
 spend some time researching spells that will get us through that killer fog , and then maybe find another spell that can make a magical boat or something . '' 
 call made a sound that might have been a laugh , and jenna smiled at me . 
 archer 's arm tightened around my waist . 
 `` but ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` but , '' i added , `` that 's like putting a band-aid on marie antoinette 's neck . 
 i think our best bet is to try to talk to mrs. casnoff . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 archer asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's just ... she could 've staked jenna , but she did n't . '' 
 `` because she wants to put a demon in her , '' call pointed out . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` maybe , but i 'm not so sure . 
 look , lara is completely evil , but mrs. casnoff was ... okay , nice is n't exactly the right word , but you guys have seen how awful she looks . 
 something is bothering her . 
 it 's worth a shot to try to get her alone . '' 
 `` maybe she knows where the grimoire is , '' jenna said , reaching out to grab my arm . 
 `` she might , '' i said , shooting for `` enthusiastic '' rather than `` ambivalent and maybe a little scared . '' 
 as badly as i wanted my powers back , torin 's second prophecy sat lodged like a stone in my chest . 
 just thinking about it made my head hurt . 
 so i turned to archer , running my fingers over the front of his shirt . 
 it was still stained with blood . 
 `` we 'll deal with mrs. casnoff . 
 but first , there 's someone else we need to talk to . '' 
 chapter 19 `` i do n't like this , '' archer said later that afternoon , as we sat across from each other on the floor of my room . 
 `` i do n't either , but you have to admit it 's better than being tortured every day . '' 
 archer muttered something under his breath that sounded like , `` not so sure about that . '' 
 back at thorne abbey , i 'd been able to summon elodie . 
 well , i was n't sure if it was technically summoning , or if she just showed up when she felt like it . 
 so i felt kind of stupid as i said , `` um , elodie ? 
 you around ? 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 there was a stir of movement out of the corner of my eye , and suddenly elodie was floating near the closet . 
 `` what - '' she mouthed at me . 
 and then she saw archer . 
 for a long moment , they just stared at each other . 
 then , as nicely as i could , i said , `` look , elodie , i know you and archer have ... issues , but i need your help . 
 the casnoffs are using him for target practice , and if that keeps up , he 'll probably die . '' 
 elodie made a gesture that was pretty easy to interpret . 
 `` i told you this was pointless , '' archer said , moving to stand up . 
 i caught his sleeve and pulled him back down . 
 `` wait . 
 elodie , please . '' 
 she floated over toward us , that same unreadable expression on her face . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 relieved , i let go of archer 's sleeve and said , `` anything you can . 
 some kind of protection spell , or invisibility spell ... something . '' 
 folding her arms over her chest , elodie glared at archer . 
 then , with a wave of her hand and an , `` oh , fine , '' she swooped into me . 
 it was so weird to have archer looking at me but seeing elodie . 
 his expression was stony and cold , something i 'd never seen on his face before . 
 even weirder was watching him with elodie 's thoughts in my head . 
 she was angry ; i could feel that pumping through my veins , thumping inside my stomach . 
 but it was more than that . 
 she was ... sad . 
 hurt . 
 `` give me your hands , '' i heard my voice say . 
 he hesitated for a moment and then laid his palms over mine . 
 as soon as he did , i had an image of those hands cupping my face as he kissed me . 
 no . 
 not me . 
 elodie . 
 stop thinking about that ! 
 you think i want to have that memory ? 
 she snapped in reply . 
 `` okay , '' she told archer , who was looking somewhere over my shoulder . 
 `` i ca n't make you invisible or anything , but this spell will keep you from feeling the pain and limit any real damage that can be done to you . 
 it wo n't last forever , though , so i suggest you and sophie find some way out of here asap . '' 
 `` oh , great , because that had n't occurred to us . '' 
 `` do you want the spell or not ? '' 
 scowling , archer nodded and gripped my hands tighter . 
 after a moment , i felt elodie 's magic rain down from the top of my head , spreading down my fingers and into archer 's . 
 as soon as the magic faded away , elodie dropped his hands , wiping mine on my thighs . 
 `` there , '' she said . 
 archer flexed his fingers , looking at them as he said , `` thanks . '' 
 `` whatever '' was elodie 's only reply , and then she was gone , leaving me sprawling on the floor . 
 i 'm sure it was very attractive . 
 i felt firm hands on my shoulders , and the next thing i knew , i was sitting up and leaning against archer 's chest . 
 `` that was weirder than i thought it would be , '' he said against my temple . 
 i tried to snort . 
 `` you 're telling me . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 `` better , '' he said . 
 `` but if this protection is only going to last so long , i think the sooner you talk to mrs. casnoff , the better . '' 
 unfortunately , that ended up being easier said than done . 
 for the next few days , i only saw mrs. casnoff at dinner , where she 'd sit in her seat , staring blankly at the wall , and i wondered just how the heck i was ever going to get her alone . 
 that was n't the only thing that proved difficult . 
 jenna and i were determined to search for the grimoire , but between all the `` training sessions '' lara forced on us -lrb- which were still unbearable to watch , even though i knew archer was faking pain -rrb- , and the fact that our doors were locked as soon as the sun went down , we had n't really had a chance . 
 i 'd tried calling elodie again , but after the spell with archer , she seemed to be keeping her distance . 
 by our fifth day back at hex hall , i was beginning to go crazy . 
 `` we have to do something , '' i told jenna that morning as we made our way from the greenhouse . 
 `` we 've been here nearly a week and we 're nowhere closer to finding the grimoire , we have n't got the first clue how to stop the casnoffs from turning all the kids here into demons , and i have n't seen mrs. casnoff alone since - '' i glanced behind me to see that jenna was frozen in place . 
 she pointed to the pond . 
 `` um , she 's alone now . '' 
 there was a little stone bench by the water 's edge . 
 mrs. casnoff was sitting on it , her back to us , white hair fluttering around her shoulders . 
 `` holy crap , '' i said softly . 
 i 'd been wanting to get her alone for so long that i was actually shocked that it had finally happened . 
 `` go , '' jenna said , nudging me with her elbow . 
 `` talk to her . 
 i 'll meet you back at the house . '' 
 i watched the back of mrs. casnoff 's head and wondered where to even start . 
 i had so many things i needed to say that they all seemed jumbled up . 
 when i sat down next to her , she did n't even turn her face toward me . 
 `` hello , sophie , '' she said , her gaze still trained on the water . 
 `` hi , '' was all i could say at first . 
 `` she was so quiet , '' mrs. casnoff said , and for a second , i was confused . 
 then she said , `` when we were little . 
 father was afraid she might never speak , '' and then i realized she meant lara . 
 `` but i knew . 
 her mind was always working . 
 working , working , working . 
 she was more like our father than i was . '' 
 ` the ends justify the means ' - he said that all the time , '' she whispered . 
 `` the ends justify the means . '' 
 impulsively , i reached over and covered one of her hands with mine . 
 her skin was ice cold and felt as fragile as paper . 
 `` you do n't believe that , '' i said . 
 `` hex hall ... look , it was n't my favorite place , but it was n't a bad place . 
 i know this '' - i gestured to the fog , the school , the whole poisoned island - `` is n't what you want . '' 
 but mrs. casnoff did n't look at me . 
 she just kept shaking her head , and murmured , `` it 's what he wanted . 
 it 's what he gave up everything for . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i asked , my throat tight . 
 `` your dad ? '' 
 then i shook my head . 
 this might be my only chance to talk to her , and i needed to stay focused . 
 `` why did you bring me here ? '' 
 mrs. casnoff turned to me , her face tear-streaked and tired . 
 `` sophie mercer , '' she said . 
 `` a fourth-generation demon . 
 the only one . 
 all the others , too new , too fresh , too ... unpredictable . 
 but you . '' 
 she reached forward and grabbed my face between her hands and i instinctively reached up to pull her off me . 
 `` you 're our best hope . '' 
 `` best hope for what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's in the blood , '' she said softly . 
 `` in the blood . 
 yours , and mine , and my father 's , and alice 's ... '' mrs. casnoff trailed off , looking at me but not seeing me . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i demanded , but she let me go , her eyes going hazy again . 
 `` mrs. casnoff ? '' 
 i reached out and shook her shoulders , but it was like she did n't even feel it . 
 despair slammed into me , and i fought the urge to shake her until her teeth rattled . 
 what was in the blood ? 
 how could i be her hope for anything ? 
 `` sophie , '' i heard someone say , and i turned to see call standing behind the bench . 
 `` come on , '' he said softly , holding his hand out . 
 i looked at mrs. casnoff again , at her white hair and ravaged face . 
 and then i put my hand in cal 's and let him lead me away from her . 
 `` i thought she could help , '' i said to cal , once mrs. casnoff was far behind us . 
 `` that 's stupid , i know , but ... she cared about us , cal . 
 she cared about this place . '' 
 we walked side by side , and call eventually dropped my hand . 
 his bent elbows kept brushing mine as we made our way to the house . 
 `` she 's sick , sophie , '' he answered as we crested the slight rise near his cabin . 
 hex hall stood before us , looking more forlorn than ever . 
 `` just like everything else here , '' he said , and sighed . 
 i thought of how much call had loved this place , the pride he 'd taken in it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said turning to him . 
 his clear hazel eyes met mine , and a tiny bit of humor flickered there . 
 `` you say that a lot . '' 
 tugging at my defense uniform -lrb- which was even uglier than i 'd remembered ; bright blue stretchy cotton was not a good look on anyone -rrb- , i gave a little laugh . 
 `` yeah , well , i feel it a lot . '' 
 especially where you 're concerned , i wanted to add . 
 call did n't say anything to that , and after a moment , started walking toward the house . 
 i waited a few seconds before following . 
 there was so much i wanted to say to him , but i did n't even know where to start . 
 cal , i think i love you , but i 'm maybe not in love with you , even though kissing you was pretty boss was maybe one approach . 
 or : cal , i love archer , but my feelings for you are all con fused because you are both awesome and smoking hot , and we 're already technically engaged to be married , which adds to the giant pot of boiling emotions and hormones i 've become . 
 okay , maybe do n't say boiling ... `` you okay ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i blinked , surprised to see we 'd come to the front of the house . 
 call was standing with one foot on the bottom porch step , staring at me . 
 `` you have this weird look on your face , '' he said . 
 `` like you 're doing really complicated math in your head . '' 
 i could n't help a little snort of laughter . 
 `` i was , in a manner of speaking . '' 
 as i moved past him and into the house , i resolved to talk to call like a mature grown-up person . 
 eventually . 
 for now , i gave him a little wave and ran away to my room . 
 jenna was sitting on her bed when i got there , practically vibrating with excitement . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i just shook my head . 
 `` a bust . 
 mrs. casnoff is too screwed up to be any help . '' 
 to my surprise , jenna did n't seem to take the news particularly hard . 
 instead , she leaned forward and said , `` okay , well , that sucks . 
 but , soph , guess what i saw today . '' 
 i flopped across my mattress , toeing my sneakers off . 
 `` we 're on a cursed island surrounded by killer fog , and ruled by two crazy-ass witches . 
 i really ca n't begin to guess , jen . '' 
 `` lara , coming out of the cell ar , '' she said , blowing her pink stripe off her forehead . 
 `` and looking super secretive and suspicious . 
 well , i mean , more super secretive and suspicious than usual . '' 
 ah , the cell ar . 
 a dank , creepy place full of magical artifacts that had a tendency to move around . 
 archer and i had spent an awful lot of quality time down there last year . 
 `` anyway , i mentioned it to taylor , and she said she 's seen lara go down there every day since we got here . 
 which makes me think - '' `` there 's something important down there . 
 like maybe the grimoire , '' i said , and i could swear my magic did a leap of excitement inside my chest . 
 jenna gave a nod , but before i could say anything else , a familiar presence took over . 
 `` i was just coming to tell you two the same thing , '' i heard myself say . 
 `` she 's definitely hiding something down there because the door is magicked like crazy . '' 
 long time no see , i told her . 
 i 've been busy . 
 jenna blinked rapidly . 
 it was always a shock for me to suddenly become elodie . 
 i could n't imagine how weird it must feel for the people watching it happen . 
 but jenna went with it . 
 `` could you open the door using your magic ? '' 
 `` of course , '' elodie scoffed . 
 sitting up , she went to toss my hair , but my fingers just got hopelessly ensnarled . 
 `` oh , for the love of god , '' she muttered , trying to untwist the strands from a ring i wore . 
 there was a knock at the door , and i could feel elodie about to swoosh on out , when archer said , `` mercer ? 
 you in there ? '' 
 go on , i told elodie , but she did n't budge . 
 thankfully , jenna opened the door and immediately said , `` sophie 's here , but elodie 's possessing her right now . '' 
 `` in that case , i 'll wait out here , '' he said . 
 i could feel ... some kind of emotion building up in elodie . 
 but before i had time to even identify what she was feeling , she was gone . 
 while i came back to myself , archer was sitting next to me on my bed , an arm wrapped around my shoulders . 
 jenna filled him in , both on my pointless talk with mrs. casnoff and what we 'd learned about the cell ar . 
 `` elodie thinks she can do a spell on the door that will let sophie in , '' she finished . 
 archer shifted on the bed so that he could look at my face . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' he said . 
 i raised both eyebrows at him . 
 `` cross , you 're the casnoffs ' personal torture guinea pig . 
 it 's a miracle they 're letting you stay in your room and not , like , chaining you in a dungeon . 
 if they catch you wandering around in the cell ar - '' `` if the casnoffs were going to lock me up , they would 've done it already . '' 
 `` why have n't they ? '' 
 jenna wondered out loud , and archer shrugged . 
 `` maybe it 's because they know i ca n't escape ? 
 or maybe having to look at the dude they 've been flaying alive every day is punishment for the other students . 
 either way , i 'll take it . '' 
 archer turned back to me , and that familiar grin flashed over his face . 
 `` come on , mercer . 
 me , you , the cell ar . 
 what could go wrong ? '' 
 chapter 20 a few days later , i found myself back in the cell ar . 
 but this time , i was involved in an activity way more fun than cataloging magic junk . 
 `` what happened to the promise of making out in castles ? '' 
 i asked as archer and i pulled back for a breather . 
 i was leaning back against one of the shelves , my hands clutching archer 's waist . 
 over his shoulder , there was a jar of eyeballs staring at me , and i nodded toward it . 
 `` because , see , things like that ? 
 kind of a mood killer . '' 
 he glanced at the jar and then turned back to me , waggling his eyebrows . 
 `` really ? 
 i find it has the opposite effect . '' 
 giggling , i elbowed him in the stomach and pushed myself off the shelf . 
 `` you 're sick . '' 
 he smiled and ducked his head to kiss me again , but i skirted around him . 
 `` come on , cross , we came down here for a reason , and it was n't fooling around . '' 
 smirking , archer folded his arms over his chest . 
 `` may not have been your reason , but - '' i cut him off . 
 `` no . 
 do n't distract me with your sexy talk . 
 we need to search this place , and that spell elodie did will only last so long . '' 
 elodie had swooped into my body at the cell ar door , doing a quick spell to unlock it . 
 she had n't even looked at archer , much less said anything . 
 and the second the lock clicked open , she 'd vanished . 
 the smirk disappeared from archer 's face , and he actually looked kind of sull en . 
 `` are you honestly that bummed about not hooking up right now ? '' 
 i teased . 
 but he was deadly serious when he shook his head and said , `` it 's not that . 
 it 's elodie . '' 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 archer rolled his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , mercer . 
 maybe it 's that i 'm not completely crazy about the ghost of my ex-girlfriend occasionally inhabiting the body of my current girlfriend . '' 
 i backed up another step and ran into another shelf . 
 something fell off and thunked against the dirt floor . 
 `` whoa , i 'm your girlfriend now ? '' 
 archer shrugged . 
 `` we 've tried to kill each other , fought ghouls , and kissed a lot . 
 i 'm pretty sure we 're married in some cultures . '' 
 now it was my turn to roll my eyes . 
 `` whatever . 
 look , the fact of the matter is , i do n't have any magic right now . 
 elodie does . 
 if her occasionally using me as her puppet means that i have powers again , then i 'm fine with it . 
 and you should be , too . 
 my body , my ghost , and all that . '' 
 there was obviously more archer wanted to say , but in the end , he just nodded and said , `` fine . 
 i 'll deal . '' 
 something about the way he said that irritated me , but i let it slide . 
 `` okay , so where should we start ? '' 
 archer unbuttoned his cuffs and began rolling up his sleeves . 
 `` well , jenna said lara 's been down here , what ? 
 at least three times this week ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yup . 
 never brings anything down here with her , never has anything when she comes back up . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , blowing out a long breath . 
 `` so whatever she 's doing , she must be using one or more of the artifacts already down here . '' 
 i glanced around at the jam-packed shelves . 
 `` so let me get this straight : she 's doing ... something . 
 with some stuff . 
 that 's somewhere . '' 
 `` that pretty much covers it , yeah , '' archer replied . 
 `` yay for vague , '' i muttered , shrugging off my blazer . 
 i tossed it on the nearest shelf and grimaced as a puff of dust and grime rose in the air . 
 `` ugh , gross . 
 would it kill the casnoffs to do the occasional cleaning spell ? 
 i swear to god , everything in here is covered with a least an inch of ... '' my words trailed off as a thought occurred to me . 
 from archer 's sudden grin , he 'd apparently had the same idea . 
 `` bet if you 've been using an artifact at least three times a week , it 's pretty dust-free , '' he said . 
 `` so we look for the least disgusting shelf . 
 easy enough . '' 
 or at least that 's what i thought . 
 for about twenty minutes , archer and i walked around each and every case , looking at every slot . 
 i saw a few items i recognized from cell ar duty -lrb- a red piece of fabric , some vampire fangs in a jar -rrb- , and some things i was pretty sure i 'd only ever seen in nightmares . 
 what i did n't see was a clean shelf . 
 even the artifacts themselves were covered in dust , which was weird . 
 because they were magic , the items in the cell ar moved around by themselves all the time . 
 they usually did n't have time to gather ... a thought suddenly occurred to me . 
 i stood on my tiptoes to look over the bookcase . 
 `` cross . '' 
 his head popped up a few shelves over . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` check out the magic crap . '' 
 he shot me a look . 
 `` oh , is that what we 're supposed to be doing ? 
 because i 've just been drawing hearts and our initials in the dirt . '' 
 `` hilarious , '' i deadpanned . 
 `` what i mean is , why are all the jars and boxes and stuff covered in dust , too ? 
 i mean , they move around all the freaking time , right ? 
 they should n't be in one place long enough to get dusty . '' 
 `` good point . '' 
 archer 's eyes scanned the shelf in front of him for a moment before he said , `` here we go , '' and pulled out a large glass jar . 
 inside , i could just make out a pair of white gloves . 
 i remembered them ; they flew , and archer and i had once spent nearly half an hour chasing them around the cell ar . 
 it had taken both of us to force the gloves into that jar . 
 now archer unscrewed the lid and dumped the gloves on top of the shelf . 
 they lay there , completely still , and i could n't shake the feeling that they 'd died . 
 archer moved to another shelf , and after some rummaging around , pulled out an old drum , its skin mildewed and ripped . 
 `` there 's no magic left in this either , '' he said , holding it up for me to see . 
 turning in a circle , i took in all the magical knickknacks , feeling their ... well , quietness . 
 `` there 's no magic in any of them , '' i told archer . 
 `` can magic just ... drain out ? '' 
 he came around to stand next to me . 
 `` i 've never heard of that happening , but who knows ? 
 it 's weird though , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` weird stuff happening at hex hall . 
 who ` da thunk it ? '' 
 i said lightly , but my heart sank with disappointment . 
 i 'd been so sure we 'd find something down here that might stop whatever the casnoffs were up to . 
 i do n't know why i 'd thought it would be so easy . 
 archer hooked an arm around my neck , pulling me in so that he could brush his lips against the top of my head . 
 `` we 'll figure it out , mercer , '' he murmured , and i pressed my cheek closer to his chest . 
 we stood there for a long moment before he said , `` you know , we still have like , half an hour down here . 
 seems a shame to waste it . '' 
 i poked him in the ribs , and he gave an exaggerated wince . 
 `` no way , dude . 
 my days of cell ar , mill , and dungeon lovin ' are over . 
 go castle or go home . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' he said as we interlaced our fingers and headed for the stairs . 
 `` but does it have to be a real castle , or would one of those inflatable bouncy things work ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` oh , inflatable castles are totally out of - '' i skidded to a stop on the first step , causing archer to bump into me . 
 `` what the heck is that ? '' 
 i asked , pointing to a dark stain in the nearest corner . 
 `` okay , number one question you do n't want to hear in a creepy cell ar , '' archer said , but i ignored him and stepped off the staircase . 
 the stain bled out from underneath the stone wall , covering maybe a foot of the dirt floor . 
 it looked black and vaguely ... sticky . 
 i swallowed my disgust as i knelt down and gingerly touched the blob with one finger . 
 archer crouched down next to me and reached into his pocket . 
 he pulled out a lighter , and after a few tries , a wavering flame sprung up . 
 we studied my fingertip in the dim glow . 
 `` so that 's - '' `` it 's blood , yeah , '' i said , not taking my eyes off my hand . 
 `` scary . '' 
 `` i was gon na go with vile , but scary works . '' 
 archer fished in his pockets again , and this time he produced a paper napkin . 
 i took it from him and gave lady macbeth a run for her money in the hand-scrubbing department . 
 but even as i attempted to remove a layer of skin from my finger , something was bugging me . 
 i mean , something other than the fact that i 'd just touched a puddle of blood . 
 `` check the other corners , '' i told archer . 
 he stood up and moved across the room . 
 i stayed where i was , trying to remember that afternoon dad and i had sat with the thorne family grimoire . 
 we 'd looked at dozens of spells , but there had been one - `` there 's blood in every corner , '' archer called from the other side of the cell ar . 
 `` or at least that 's what i 'm guessing it is . 
 unlike some people , i do n't have the urge to go sticking my fingers in it . '' 
 i lowered my head and screwed my eyes shut . 
 `` i know what this is . 
 i read about a spell that used blood in the four corners of a room . '' 
 i pictured the grimoire , saw my fingers turning the pages . 
 `` it was a holding spell , '' i finally said . 
 `` the blood turned the room into a cage , but it took a crazy amount of magic . 
 one witch could n't do it alone , because it would drain all her power . '' 
 i looked up , and archer met my eyes . 
 `` unless the witch could drain magic from something else , '' i said . 
 archer glanced around the cell ar . 
 `` or a lot of some-things . '' 
 `` well , that 's one mystery solved , '' i said , rising to my feet . 
 `` of course , now the question is , what is mrs. casnoff holding down here ? '' 
 `` and where ? '' 
 archer added , but i shook my head . 
 `` i know the where , '' i told him . 
 `` at least i think i do . 
 the holding spell works like a kind of magical net . 
 the blood in the corners grounds it , and the spell itself arches over the room . '' 
 we both glanced up , like we were expecting to see shimmery threads arcing across the ceiling . 
 but there was nothing except the usual dusty beams . 
 `` the spell is at its strongest in the center of the room , '' i added . 
 `` so whatever you want to hold , you wan na put it as close to dead center as you can . '' 
 `` you must 've been awesome at memory as a kid , '' archer mused . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` when you 're perusing a book full of the most powerful dark magic ever , you pay attention . '' 
 our gazes fell to the center of the room , where there was nothing but one of the cell ar 's bazil ion shelves . 
 and under that shelf , drag marks in the dirt . 
 we both moved to either end of the shelf . 
 it took a minute -lrb- and a couple of impolite words from both of us -rrb- , but we managed to move it several feet over . 
 then we stood there , breathing hard and sweating a little , and stared at the trap door in the floor . 
 `` whatever 's down there , '' archer said after a moment , `` it 's hard-core enough that casnoff went to all this trouble to hold it . 
 are you sure you want to do this , mercer ? '' 
 `` of course i do n't , '' i said , grabbing the iron ring affixed to the trap door . 
 `` but i 'm gon na . '' 
 i yanked at the ring , and the door came up easily . 
 cool air , smelling faintly of dirt and decay , wafted up . 
 a metal ladder was bolted to the side of the opening , and i counted ten rungs before it disappeared into the blackness below . 
 archer made a move to step into the hole , but i stopped him . 
 `` i 'll go down first . 
 you 'll just look up my skirt if i go after you . '' 
 `` sophie - '' but it was too late . 
 trying to shake the feeling that i was stepping into a grave , i grabbed the ladder and started to climb down . 
 chapter 21 there are probably a few things worse than climbing into a hole that is actually underneath a creepy basement , but at that moment , it was hard to think of any of them . 
 i was only a few steps down the ladder before i was plunged into darkness . 
 the dim light in the cell ar was n't strong enough to penetrate the gloom . 
 i was also pretty sure that the tunnel was narrower now , and as i took another step down , both my shoulders brushed the walls . 
 the metal ic taste of fear flooded my mouth as my suddenly sweaty hands slid on the iron rungs . 
 `` mercer ? '' 
 archer called from above me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i rested my forehead on the back of my hands , and tried to keep the panic out of my voice as i replied , `` yeah , fine . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` because you 're gasping . '' 
 oh . 
 now that he mentioned it , my breath was heaving in and out of my lungs pretty quickly . 
 i made an effort to slow it down as he asked , `` is it the dark , or - '' he grunted a little and shifted . 
 dirt rained down on me , and i shut my eyes . 
 `` both , '' i choked out . 
 `` apparently i 'm claustrophobic now . 
 that 's , uh , new . 
 probably a side effect of fleeing a burning building through an underground tunnel . '' 
 i took another shaky breath . 
 `` yay for psychological trauma . '' 
 `` come back up , '' archer said automatically , and i kind of loved him for that . 
 `` no , '' i said , willing my feet to keep moving . 
 `` we 're trying to save the world here , cross . 
 no time for panic attacks . '' 
 i kept going , one rung at a time , and eventually , archer started moving , too . 
 i was n't sure how long it took us to make our way down . 
 it felt like hours , and my heart was in my mouth the whole time as the earth itself seemed to press down on me . 
 finally , the tunnel began to widen , and a dim glow penetrated the gloom . 
 when my feet finally hit the dirt floor , i turned and found myself facing another , shorter tunnel . 
 this one was at least six feet high and about four feet wide . 
 whatever the light was , it was coming from something at the end of this bigger tunnel . 
 i turned to see archer standing behind me , a wary expression on his face . 
 `` in my experience , nothing good glows , '' he said . 
 `` that 's not true , '' i answered , slipping my hand in his . 
 we began walking toward the light . 
 `` lots of good things glow . 
 glow sticks . 
 glowworms . 
 awesome glow-in-the-dark shirts ... '' he snorted with laughter , but his fingers tightened on mine . 
 we kept walking , and something cold and wet dripped on my neck . 
 i shivered but kept moving . 
 the light grew brighter . 
 archer and i turned a corner , and as soon as we did , a low moan filled the air . 
 it took me a second to realize that it had come from me . 
 we were facing a large , brick-lined room . 
 the glow we 'd seen came from a single bare bulb on a cord , just like the one upstairs in the cell ar . 
 standing in the chamber , shoulder-to-shoulder , were about a dozen kids . 
 or at least , they 'd once been kids . 
 they gazed sightlessly ahead , arms rigid at their sides , like mechanical dolls waiting for someone to turn them on . 
 behind me , archer muttered something , but i could n't really hear him . 
 a wave of nausea swept over me as i moved in front of nick , staring into his blank eyes . 
 daisy stood next to him , her dark hair messy , lips slightly open , as if she 'd been in the middle of saying something when she was frozen . 
 behind them , i saw anna and chaston . 
 the glamour they 'd used to make themselves as beautiful as elodie was gone now , so they looked a lot plainer than i remembered . 
 they also looked younger , and pain shot through my chest . 
 i remembered joking with nick in the garden at thorne , using magic to dress each other in stupid clothes . 
 and how he used to look at daisy . 
 the way she 'd unconsciously curl into him whenever they were sitting together . 
 `` she 's keeping people down here in storage , '' i said , my voice echoing . 
 `` like they 're things . 
 archer . 
 this is ... look , i knew whatever was down here would be bad . 
 it 's not like lara casnoff would use a powerful blood spell to guard her chocolate chip cookie recipe . 
 but this ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' archer said softly . 
 `` this goes beyond bad , and straight into nightmarish . '' 
 he rested his hand on the back of my neck . 
 `` this is the guy who attacked me in the mill , right ? '' 
 he nodded at nick . 
 `` yeah . 
 they must 've caught him somehow . '' 
 i reached out and touched nick 's hand . 
 it was cold and waxy . 
 `` what do you think happened to all of them ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it might be the holding spell . 
 or it might be some other kind of magic on top of that . '' 
 there was so much dark power coming off these kids that i knew they were all demons . 
 every single one of them . 
 between that and my own powers so frantic inside of me , i could n't get a sense of just how much magic was actually going on in this horrible little cavern . 
 archer blew out a long breath . 
 `` i never thought i 'd feel sorry for someone who tried to disembowel me . '' 
 `` it was n't him . 
 i mean , it was , but it was n't . 
 the casnoffs made him into a monster . 
 since they raised him , they ... i do n't know , sicced him on you . 
 they made all of them into monsters . '' 
 i waved my hand at the other kids standing there in this little holding cell . 
 `` and if the casnoffs have their way , we 'll all end up down here . '' 
 pulling me closer , archer murmured , `` we 're not going to let that happen . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i cried out , the word bouncing around the room . 
 `` look at what we 're up against , cross . 
 we ca n't use magic . 
 we ca n't leave this place . '' 
 i flung my hand out . 
 `` we do n't even know what 's going on in the rest of the world . 
 all we can do is-is play scooby-doo in the cell ar . '' 
 `` that 's not all we can do , sophie , '' archer said . 
 whenever archer used my first name , i knew he was serious . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he backed up a few steps . 
 `` look , you want the casnoffs gone and these kids saved , or at least ... well , put out of their misery , i guess . 
 you do n't want anyone to raise demons ever again . 
 there are other people who want those things , too . '' 
 `` please tell me you are not talking about the eye . '' 
 he looked away and shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i 'm just saying that you and the eye have a common goal here . '' 
 i was n't sure if i was stunned , or angry , or disgusted . 
 it was kind of a mixture of all three . 
 `` okay , is there a gas leak down here ? 
 or did you hit your head on the tunnel ? 
 because that 's really the only excuse for you saying something so freaking stupid . '' 
 `` oh , you 're right , mercer , '' he said . 
 `` the idea of trying to fight an army of demons with a bunch of trained soldiers is beyond ridiculous . 
 maybe we can go get nausicaa and see if she 'll give us some faerie dust to make the problem go away . '' 
 `` do n't be a jackass , '' i snapped . 
 `` then do n't be naive , '' he retorted . 
 `` this is too big for us to handle , sophie . 
 this is too big for prodigium to deal with on their own . 
 but if we could all work together , there 's a chance that - '' `` what do you think , cross ? 
 that we 'll ask the eye to help us , and they 'll be all , ` sure , no problem ! 
 and once we 're done wiping out the demons , we certainly wo n't kill the rest of you , even though that 's like , our mission in life ! ' '' 
 glaring at me , archer said , `` and a few months ago , you thought that 's all that the brannicks were , too . 
 prodigium kill ers . 
 but you certainly were n't opposed to getting their help to deal with this . '' 
 i blinked at him , faltering . 
 `` th-that 's different , '' i sputtered . 
 `` they 're my - '' `` your family ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 `` because the eye is mine . '' 
 `` but you 're not one of them . 
 not really . '' 
 `` yeah , mercer , i am , '' he said . 
 `` and if you do n't get that by now ... '' he heaved a sigh as he rubbed the back of his neck , looking at some point over my shoulder . 
 `` whatever , '' he finally summed up . 
 he turned away and started walking back toward the ladder . 
 i stared at his back for a few seconds before following him . 
 it was hard to believe that just a little while ago , we 'd been joking and kissing ; and thinking about that , i had a sudden urge to burst into tears . 
 could n't our relationship be easy and happy for more than a couple of hours at a time ? 
 we made our way back up the ladder , and this time , i was too miserable and angry to feel claustrophobic . 
 at the top , he leaned back in to give me a hand up , but i batted it away and heaved myself out of the tunnel . 
 i shut the trap door behind me , and without saying anything , we maneuvered the shelf back over it . 
 then i walked past him , heading for the cell ar steps . 
 i was on the first one when i felt his fingers encircle my wrist . 
 `` sophie , come on . 
 i do n't want to fight with you . '' 
 turning , i opened my mouth to say i did n't want to fight with him either . 
 but before i could , i saw the tell tale flash out of the corner of my eye , and the next thing i knew , my arm was jerking out of his grasp . 
 `` if you do n't want to fight with her , maybe you should n't suggest she team up with people who want to kill her , '' my voice snarled . 
 archer backed up so fast he nearly stumbled , and i was n't sure i 'd ever seen him look so freaked out . 
 but he recovered quickly . 
 `` elodie , if i wanted to talk to you , i 'd do a seance or something . 
 maybe go on an episode of ghost hunters . 
 but right now , i want to talk to sophie . 
 so clear out . '' 
 elodie had no intention of doing that . 
 `` you always were a crappy boyfriend , '' she said . 
 `` once you left , i chalked that up to you , you know , not actually liking me . 
 but unless i 'm blind as well as dead , you really like sophie . 
 in fact , hard as it is for me to fathom , i think you love her . '' 
 shut up , shut up , shut up ! 
 screw that , she retorted . 
 you two spend all your time making stupid jokes and being all witty . 
 someone has to get real . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 archer asked , narrowing his eyes at me . 
 her . 
 whatever . 
 god , this was getting confusing . 
 `` call loves her , too , you know . 
 and the last time i checked , he was n't part of a cult of monster kill ers . 
 i 'm just saying that if you 're going have loyalties that divided , maybe it 's time to bow out gracefully . '' 
 you could n't say elodie did n't know how to make a dramatic exit . 
 the next thing i knew , i was pitching forward into archer 's arms , my head swimming . 
 archer clutched my waist and then abruptly shoved me at arm 's length . 
 `` sophie ? '' 
 he asked , looking intently into my eyes . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , my voice shaking . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 his fingers loosened , becoming more of a caress than a grip . 
 `` so you ca n't control when she swoops in like that ? 
 she can just take you over ... whenever ? '' 
 i tried to laugh , but it came out more of a cough . 
 `` you know elodie . 
 i do n't think anyone has ever controlled her . '' 
 frowning , archer pulled his hands back and shoved them in his pockets . 
 `` well , that 's awesome . '' 
 i grabbed the railing to steady myself . 
 `` archer ... that stuff she said . 
 you know it 's not true . '' 
 he shrugged and moved past me onto the steps . 
 `` saying the most hateful thing possible is like elodie 's superpower . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 he paused and looked over his shoulder . 
 `` we should probably go tell jenna what we found down there . '' 
 oh , right . 
 we 'd just unearthed a whole bunch of demons . 
 that probably trumped our relationship issues . 
 another few seconds passed . 
 `` come on , mercer , '' archer said , holding his hand out to me . 
 this time , i took it . 
 chapter 22 `` see , this is so much better , '' elodie said , as we studied my reflection in the mirror over my dresser . 
 even though the image was warped and distorted , i had to admit that i did look nice . 
 elodie had smoothed a hand over my hair , and the next thing i knew , it was falling in soft waves to my shoulders . 
 that 's awesome , i told her , but i 'm letting you use my body so that we can break into lara 's office , not so that you can give me a makeover . 
 besides , if i wander around looking like this , people will either know i 'm doing magic somehow or wonder how i managed to sneak a flatiron into hex hall . 
 it was an odd thing , watching my face crumple into a scowl at ... myself . 
 `` you 're supremely irritating when you 're right , '' she said , waving her hand . 
 once again , my hair sprung out in a messy halo of curls . 
 after we 'd gotten back from the cell ar , archer and i had told jenna and call about the kids down there . 
 all of us had decided that getting into lara 's office was the next plan of attack . 
 `` there 's bound to be something in there , '' jenna said . 
 `` either the spell that makes kids into demons , or the grimoire ... '' `` maybe she 'll have a file folder labeled , my evil plan , '' i suggested . 
 `` that would be super helpful . '' 
 it had taken us three days to come up with a strategy to get into the office . 
 call was distracting lara with questions about his own powers and how they might be useful to `` the cause , '' while jenna and archer kept an eye on mrs. casnoff . 
 since she 'd taken to just wandering in circles around the pond , that was n't particularly challenging . 
 which left the most important part to me and elodie : using elodie 's magic to get into the office and search it for anything that might help us stop the casnoffs . 
 as far as plans went , it was n't exactly d-day , but it was the best next step . 
 now elodie looked at my reflection and said , `` it 's weird . 
 looking in a mirror and seeing you . '' 
 yes , i think we 've established this is kind of awful for everyone involved . 
 can we go now ? 
 we do n't have much time . 
 heaving a sigh , she turned away from the dresser . 
 as she did , i thought i saw the mirror ... i do n't know , ripple for a second . 
 did you see that ? 
 in the mirror ? 
 elodie glanced back . 
 `` all i see is you . 
 me . '' 
 she waved her hand . 
 `` you know . '' 
 i studied the glass , but elodie was right . 
 nothing there . 
 probably just a trick of the light , i told her . 
 sorry . 
 `` it would n't surprise me , '' she muttered , opening the door . 
 `` that mirror is super jacked . '' 
 we made our way onto the landing . 
 i noticed a few of the younger witches huddled on one of the sofas , their heads close together . 
 it was n't the first time i 'd come across one of these whispering pods of kids , and i wondered if maybe we were n't the only ones coming up with plans . 
 i do n't swing my h * ps like that when i walk , i said to elodie as we passed them . 
 cut it out . 
 she gave no sign of hearing me . 
 the house was nearly silent . 
 dinner had ended an hour or so before , and it was getting close to sundown . 
 everyone would be locked in their rooms then , which meant we had to hurry . 
 i could feel my heart pounding as we stepped into the main hallway . 
 more glass had fall en from the stained-glass window . 
 now the angel who had created witches and warlocks was missing half her face , and a little shudder went through me as we tiptoed around the glass . 
 i was n't sure if it was me who was creeped out or elodie . 
 probably both of us . 
 when we reached lara 's office , elodie laid my hand on the doorknob . 
 i could feel the magic sizzle up my arm , and gave a mental gasp . 
 `` why do you think lara is lara casnoff , and mrs. casnoff is mrs. casnoff ? '' 
 elodie whispered as she worked her magic on the enchanted door . 
 `` it 's her family name , right ? 
 so should n't she be miss casnoff ? 
 or ms. ? '' 
 of all the things to wonder about , that 's what you 're focused on ? 
 her marital status ? 
 `` it 's weird , that 's all i 'm saying , '' she hissed in reply . 
 you know you can talk to me in my head , right ? 
 you do n't have to talk out loud and make everyone think i 'm a crazy person . 
 just fyi . 
 `` the only time i can talk is when i 'm in your body , so sue me , i 'm taking advantage of that . '' 
 before we could snipe at each other anymore , the door suddenly gave way . 
 pushing it open , elodie dashed inside , closing the door behind her . 
 lara casnoff 's office was the total opposite of mrs. casnoff 's , complete with soaring bookcases and a heavy wooden desk so brightly polished that i could see myself in it . 
 `` any idea on where we should start ? '' 
 elodie whispered . 
 the desk , i finally said . 
 it 'll be locked , and if it 's anything like mrs. casnoff 's desk , magic wo n't work on it . 
 there 's a nail in my pocket . 
 get it out , and i 'll talk you through jimmying the lock . 
 elodie 's disdain flooded over me , but she got the nail and went to work on the lock . 
 `` were you a burglar in the real world ? '' 
 she muttered as she worked . 
 no . 
 my mom and i lived in a particularly bad apartment once . 
 the lock never worked right , and we always had to break in . 
 have to admit , i never thought the skill would come in handy again . 
 she gave a little chuckle . 
 `` what did you break in mrs. casnoff 's desk for ? '' 
 information on archer . 
 after he left . 
 `` ah . 
 you 're welcome , by the way ? '' 
 for what ? 
 she jiggled the nail harder . 
 `` for putting him in his place the other night . 
 working with the eye , '' she scoffed . 
 `` yeah , that 's a brilliant plan . '' 
 he 's just trying to think of something , i said automatically . 
 i was n't sure why i was defending him when i 'd basically said that idea was the stupidest thing ever to have stupided , but i did n't like the scorn in her voice . 
 well , my voice , her words . 
 elodie paused in trying to open the desk drawer and shoved my hair back with both hands . 
 `` what 's it going to take for you to realize that archer cross is bad news ? 
 he 's an eye . 
 he 's a liar and a jerk , and he 's not nearly as funny as he thinks he is . 
 and you 're betrothed to cal . 
 boys who can heal all wounds and are super hot , to boot ? 
 do n't exactly come around every day . '' 
 i do n't think about call like that . 
 pressing the point of the nail back into the lock , elodie snorted . 
 `` um , hi , i 've been in your head . 
 you totally think about him like that . '' 
 look , this is n't a slumber party , i snapped . 
 can you please get back to work ? 
 `` fine , '' she muttered . 
 `` do n't listen to me . 
 but i 'm telling you , call is the way to go . 
 heck , if i had a body , i would n't mind - '' i 'm going to need you to stop right there . 
 i 'm ninety-nine percent sure she was n't going to stop right there , but before she could say anything else , the lock on the drawer gave way . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 elodie whispered . 
 `` success ! '' 
 here 's the thing . 
 when she slid open that drawer , i did n't expect to find anything . 
 not really . 
 i mean , maybe a cryptic note or two , or a stupid riddle written on parchment that we had to decipher . 
 so when i saw the book sitting right on top of a pile of papers , i did n't realize what i was looking at . 
 it was only when elodie said , `` um ... is that the grimoire you were talking about ? '' 
 i looked at the cracked black-leather cover , felt the power coming off it in waves . 
 yeah . 
 it totally is . 
 `` well , that was ... easy . '' 
 she reached out to take it , and without thinking , i shouted no ! 
 wincing , she raised my hands to my ears . 
 `` ow ! 
 i told you , inside voice ! '' 
 it ca n't be this simple , i told her , torin 's words ringing in my ears . 
 it 's a trap . 
 a trick . 
 `` or maybe something is finally going our way , '' she suggested . 
 `` come on , sophie . 
 gift horse . 
 mouth . 
 do n't look at it . '' 
 again , she reached out to pick up the grimoire , but this time , it was n't my mental screaming that stopped her . 
 it was the low creak of the door opening . 
 chapter 23 before the door had moved more than an inch or so , elodie scooped up the grimoire and shoved it awkwardly into the waistband of my skirt . 
 as soon as the book touched the skin of my back , we both winced . 
 the magic coming off of it felt like a low-level electric shock , and my arms and legs broke out in goose bumps . 
 i had to hand it to elodie . 
 if i 'd been in control of my body , there would have been flailing and knocking things over , and i probably would have caught my clothes in the drawer . 
 but elodie smoothly closed the drawer without a sound , and sat down in lara 's chair like she belonged there . 
 an excuse was already formulating in her head-or my head , it was hard to tell - when call stuck his head around the door . 
 elodie sat down with relief . 
 `` oh , it 's you . '' 
 frowning , call gave a curt nod . 
 `` i stalled lara as long as i could . 
 she said she was heading to the greenhouse , but i still wanted to give you a heads-up . '' 
 elodie stood up and walked around the desk . 
 `` it 's fine , '' she said . 
 `` i found what i was looking for . '' 
 i ? 
 why are you saying `` i '' and not `` we '' ? 
 there was no reply in my head as she smiled at cal . 
 `` thanks for the warning . '' 
 he scanned my face with yet another one of his inscrutable expressions . 
 i wondered if he had trademarked them . 
 `` so , are you sophie ? 
 or elodie in sophie ? '' 
 `` just me , '' she said with a little shrug . 
 `` elodie whooshed on out of here when you opened the door . '' 
 i did n't worry about inside voices now . 
 what are you doing ? 
 i yelled as loudly as i could . 
 she stiffened a little and caught cal 's arm . 
 `` come on . 
 we should get out of here . '' 
 as she and call walked back upstairs , the grimoire a buzzing weight against my back , and my fingers still nestled in the crook of his arm , i kept up a constant refrain to elodie . 
 stop it . 
 right now . 
 either tell him you 're me , or get the hell out of my body . 
 we 'd reached the third floor . 
 the sitting room was empty , and elodie steered call past it toward my room . 
 trust me , elodie finally replied . 
 i 'm doing you a favor . 
 she opened the door and gestured for call to follow her . 
 i watched him hesitate , and for a second , i thought he was going to realize that i was n't me . 
 but then he followed her . 
 jenna was gone , and elodie hopped up onto the dresser , ankles crossed . 
 call softly closed the door behind him . 
 `` did you find anything ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 elodie nodded . 
 `` did i ever . 
 i found the grimoire . '' 
 call blinked at her . 
 `` the grimoire ? 
 what , just sitting out in the open ? '' 
 `` in lara 's locked desk . 
 hey , do you know why mrs. casnoff , is , well , mrs. casnoff ? 
 i mean , that was her dad 's name , so why the mrs. ? '' 
 seriously ? 
 i asked . 
 rubbing the back of his neck , call said , `` huh ? 
 oh , uh , she was married a long time ago , but all the casnoffs keep the name . 
 it 's a tradition or something . 
 but about the grimoire - '' `` did she have an arranged marriage ? 
 like us ? '' 
 elodie asked , sliding off the dresser . 
 she moved to stand in front of cal , so close that i could see my reflection in his eyes . 
 as stupid as it sounds , i was surprised by how me i looked . 
 i was so sure some sign of elodie would show up in my face . 
 but there was nothing . 
 still , call gave her an odd glance as she sidled in closer . 
 come on , i begged silently . 
 see it . 
 see me . 
 but the moment passed , and after giving a little shake of his head , call said , `` yeah , i guess . 
 sophie , did you see the spell ? 
 the one that could give you back your powers ? '' 
 elodie was taken aback by that , and my hand strayed to the book , still pressing against my back . 
 `` oh , right , that . 
 yeah , i was just about to find that spell , actually . '' 
 no ! 
 i howled yet again , but thankfully , call had the same thought . 
 `` do n't , '' he snapped , grabbing my wrist as my fingers reached for the grimoire . 
 since my hand was still behind my back , that basically meant he was holding me against him . 
 result , elodie exulted in my head . 
 cal 's breath was warm on my face as he said , `` maybe she made the book so easy to find on purpose . 
 if you touch that page and get your powers back , you 'll be a demon again . 
 maybe that 's what the casnoffs want . '' 
 now the twisting in my stomach had nothing to do with whatever elodie was up to , and everything to do with what torin had told me . 
 for the first time , i let myself think that there was a chance he had n't just been screwing with me . 
 the thought was almost too terrifying to bear . 
 `` i did n't think about that , '' elodie said , and i 'd never heard my voice sound like that . 
 it was husky . 
 almost sexy . 
 for the first time ever , i saw call falter . 
 `` i just do n't think you should touch that spell . 
 not now , at least . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` so why are you still holding on to me ? '' 
 i felt like i was watching a car crash in slow motion , only i was actually in the car . 
 stop it , i said again , and this time i was n't shouting . 
 i was pleading . 
 not for me , but for cal . 
 you 're screwing with him , and he does n't deserve it . 
 no , she replied as she curled my fingers around the back of cal 's neck . 
 but archer does . 
 cal 's lips were tentative on mine , and there was a part of me that wondered if he suspected . 
 but then elodie pulled him tighter , and i think that even if he did suspect , he did n't care anymore . 
 the kiss in the tent had been intense , but this was ... well , it was hot . 
 probably because elodie was practically coiling my body around cal 's , kissing him with way more fervor than i 'd ever shown . 
 so many feelings were rushing through my system , i could n't figure out which were mine , and which were elodie 's . 
 anger , lust , sadness , triumph . 
 they all pounded inside my skin , and between that and the magic thudding like a second heartbeat in my chest , and the electric shock of the grimoire against my spine , i felt like i might actually explode into a million pieces of blue plaid . 
 but before that could happen , the door opened , and even as i shrieked for elodie to let go of cal , i knew it was too late . 
 `` whoa , '' i heard jenna say , and then archer asking , `` what ? '' 
 suddenly , my eyes were open , and i could see both of them standing in the doorway . 
 jenna just seemed confused more than anything else . 
 but archer ... if i 'd had any doubts about how archer felt about me , they were eradicated when i saw the look on his face . 
 i 'd never had my spleen ripped out , but if i had , i figured i 'd make the same face archer wore now . 
 i felt my lips twist in a smirk , and inside my head , elodie was practically dancing . 
 `` not such a great feeling watching someone you 're in love with hook up with someone else , is it ? '' 
 she said to archer . 
 cal , who still had n't let go of my wrist , suddenly stepped back . 
 `` elodie , '' he said . 
 it was n't a question . 
 i will never forgive you for this , i told her . 
 i do n't care if i ca n't do magic for the rest of my life , you will never get into my body again . 
 this was n't about you , was her only reply . 
 and then she was gone . 
 i hit the floor , one of my knees scraping painfully on the hardwood . 
 call and jenna both rushed forward to help me to my feet . 
 the instant i felt steady , call dropped his hand and moved away from me . 
 jenna kept a tight grip on my elbow , and as i looked up , i realized why archer had n't helped me . 
 he was gone . 
 i turned to cal , miserable . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 again . 
 some more . 
 i. . . 
 i never would have - '' he cut me off with a brisk shake of his head . 
 `` it was n't you , '' he said , but his voice was gruff , and he still would n't look at me . 
 unsure of what else to say , i fumbled for the grimoire , handing it to jenna . 
 `` we found this in lara 's desk . 
 call thinks it might be some kind of trap . 
 i mean , why would they make it so easy to find ? '' 
 i remembered what mrs. casnoff had said the other day about me being their best hope , about something `` in the blood . '' 
 if the casnoffs wanted me to have my powers back , it could n't be a good thing . 
 jenna took the book from me but did n't open it . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` go deal with archer . '' 
 `` he 's upset , but this is more important , '' i said , nodding at the grimoire . 
 let call and jenna think i was brave and self-sacrificing . 
 that was better than telling them that i was too chicken to talk to archer right now . 
 how exactly does one say , `` sorry the ghost of your ex-girlfriend used me to make out with my fiance '' ? 
 but jenna was my best friend . 
 `` soph , '' she said softly . 
 `` go talk to him . 
 now . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` you know , bossiness is my least favorite of your personality traits . 
 right up there with your unerring ability to be right all the time . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you love me . '' 
 before i left the room , i noticed cal 's guarded expression , the tightness of his shoulders . 
 i would have given anything for mind-reading powers . 
 it did n't take long to find archer . 
 he was in the green drawing room , the one where i 'd first met elodie , chaston , and anna . 
 sitting on the floor , his back against the sofa , long legs stretched out in front of him , he was studying the one photograph that remained on the wall . 
 i sat down next to him , even though the carpet was unpleasantly damp . 
 sickly pale light from the one lamp in the room kept a lot of his face in shadow . 
 `` so , that sucked , '' i said , trying to sound as jovial as possible . 
 `` side effect of dating in the magical world , i guess . '' 
 he made a sound of amusement , his shoulders jerking slightly . 
 but he still did n't look at me . 
 `` you think those guys ever had these kinds of problems ? '' 
 he asked , nodding toward the picture . 
 it was the one depicting the very first class at hecate hall , back in 1903 . 
 there had only been a few students that year , back when the school had n't been used for punishment but as a kind of safe house . 
 `` probably , '' i said . 
 `` that chick in the straw hat seems kind of skanky . '' 
 he laughed for real then and finally turned his head toward me . 
 `` i know it was her , '' he said , reaching out to take my hand . 
 our fingers curled together . 
 `` but still . 
 it was seeing the girl i. . . 
 it was seeing you kiss cal . 
 and even though i knew it was her as soon as i saw the two of you - '' `` it was still bad , '' i finished softly . 
 `` i get that , i do . 
 it used to kill me watching you kiss elodie . '' 
 `` it killed me to kiss her , '' he said , and once again , his eyes drifted to the picture . 
 `` but it was n't just that it sucks to see your girlfriend with her tongue down some other dude 's throat . '' 
 i winced at that , remembering just how heated things had been when archer and jenna had walked in . 
 archer either did n't notice or pretended not to . 
 `` it 's that elodie 's right . 
 call cares about you . 
 and he 's a really good guy . 
 and even though i want to hate him for being betrothed to you ... '' he gave a helpless shrug . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 which must mean he 's extra-special dreamy . '' 
 `` stop it , '' i said , jerking our joined hands . 
 `` cal 's my friend . 
 that 's it . 
 you 're the guy i - '' love , i wanted to say . 
 but the word froze on my tongue , and i ended up just saying , `` want . 
 chose . 
 whatever . '' 
 he held my gaze , and his dark eyes were as serious as i 'd ever seen them . 
 `` maybe i should n't be . '' 
 shocked , i leaned away from him . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it 's just ... if you were with him , you 'd be happier . 
 better off . '' 
 okay , now i was getting angry . 
 `` that 's really not for you to decide . 
 and if you feel that way , maybe you should just go ahead and give me the ` it 's not you , it 's me ' speech right now . '' 
 to my surprise , archer smiled . 
 `` that 's the thing , though , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i could stand it if you left me , but i do n't think there 's any way i could leave you . '' 
 i blinked at him . 
 `` you are so screwed up . '' 
 `` that 's what i 've been trying to tell you . '' 
 wrapping my hand around the back of his neck , i pulled his face to mine . 
 `` i happen to like screwed up , '' i whispered , our lips nearly touching . 
 `` so do n't ever say crap like that again , okay ? '' 
 i could tell there was more he wanted to say . 
 instead he just sighed , `` okay . '' 
 `` well , this is a lovely moment . '' 
 i whipped my head around . 
 lara stood just inside the room , smiling beatifically at us . 
 `` so glad to have found you , miss mercer , '' she said to me . 
 `` i think it 's time we two had a little chat . '' 
 chapter 24 for the second time that day , i found myself in lara 's office . 
 the room faced the trees at the back of the house , and i watched the fog curling around the blackened trunks . 
 i focused on that so that i did n't have to focus on the little chaise longue in front of the window , where mrs. casnoff sat , her hands in her lap , her face empty . 
 sinking into the leather chair on the other side of the desk , lara studied me . 
 she did n't seem angry . 
 just curious . 
 almost amused . 
 `` i trust i did n't interrupt anything too important between you and mr. cross . '' 
 i clenched my fingers tightly together so that she could n't see them shaking . 
 `` no , just the usual . 
 you know-how to bring you and this whole twisted plan of yours to ruin , and escape this crazy island . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` even now , your sense of humor does n't desert you . 
 if it were n't so annoying , i 'd respect that . '' 
 she leaned forward on the desk , palms together , and there was something about her that reminded me of all the guidance counselors i 'd met -lrb- and trust me , back when i went to regular school , i 'd met plenty -rrb- . 
 `` is that why you 've been trying to talk to my sister ? 
 why you broke into my office today ? '' 
 i flinched , and lara settled back into her chair , lips curling into a satisfied smile . 
 `` did n't think i knew about that , did you ? '' 
 i wanted to be quippy . 
 i wanted to say something that would show she had n't just scared the heck out of me . 
 we 'd had the edge for what , maybe ten minutes ? 
 and if she knew we 'd been in her office , did she know we 'd taken the grimoire ? 
 at least i still had sarcasm on my side . 
 `` i 'm disappointed that you know about it , '' i told lara , taking a seat in the chair opposite her desk , `` but seeing as how you 're an evil witch , i 'm not exactly surprised . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` everything is a joke to you . 
 a game . 
 my father 's lifework , the salvation of our race ... '' `` your father 's lifework was to enslave a bunch of teenagers ? 
 no wonder you two turned out so awesome , '' i said , jerking my head toward mrs. casnoff . 
 she showed no sign of hearing me . 
 okay , now lara was pissed . 
 she sat up straighter in the chair . 
 `` do you know what my father sacrificed to create you and your line ? 
 do you know what we have given up ? '' 
 she pointed one long finger at mrs. casnoff . 
 `` to keep our kind safe . 
 to protect us from those who would eradicate us . '' 
 `` you 're turning people into monsters , '' i said . 
 `` kids . 
 what your father did destroyed alice . 
 and then he destroyed her daughter , and if you two had had your way , you would 've done the same thing to me and my dad . '' 
 `` the ends - '' `` justify the means . 
 that 's what she said . 
 what is that , your family motto or something ? '' 
 lara stilled , her knuckles white . 
 `` would you like to know about my family , sophie ? '' 
 pressing myself back against my chair , i shook my head . 
 `` i think i know enough about your family , thanks . '' 
 `` you do n't know anything , '' lara said , and then she flicked her fingers in my direction . 
 at first , nothing happened , and i wondered if all she 'd done was give me the witch version of her middle finger . 
 and then my vision started to go black . 
 shaking , i tried to grip the armrests of the chair , but the chair was n't there anymore . 
 i was n't there anymore . 
 surrounded by darkness , i almost felt like i was back in the itineris . 
 that feeling of claustrophobia threatened to choke me . 
 a spark unfurled in the darkness , a shining speck that slowly unfurled itself into a picture . 
 i was staring at a painting of a snowy village , and then , as i watched , the painting began to move . 
 men and women trudged down a white-covered lane , their heads bowed against the cold and the wind . 
 no one told me what i was looking at , but the knowledge filled my head , like i 'd always known it . 
 this was alexei casnoff 's hometown , and the small house in the dead center of the picture was his house . 
 then i saw him , a dark-haired boy , his face pressed against a window . 
 he was waiting on his father , and i could feel his impatience and worry like they were my own emotions . 
 behind him , a pretty woman with dark blond hair stroked his head and murmured to him in russian . 
 even though i could n't speak a word of that language , i could still understand what she was saying . 
 `` it 's going to be all right , alexei . 
 your father and the others will keep us safe , i promise . '' 
 i understood then that the entire village was made up of prodigium , and something important was being decided today . 
 something about moving , safety . 
 hiding . 
 but before i could work out just what it was , the painting shifted again . 
 there were no snow-covered streets now , no quaint little cottages . 
 now there was just chaos , fire , and smoke . 
 the flames were so bright , i wanted to cover my eyes , but i did n't have hands . 
 or eyes for that matter . 
 i saw alexei , running down the street , pursued by villagers . 
 they know what we are , alexei was thinking . 
 they found us , they found us , they found us ... behind him , figures lay very still in the street , and i knew that they were his parents . 
 i could see his mother 's blond hair fanning around her head , some of it still smoldering . 
 and the tiny shape next to them was his baby sister , and he was so scared . 
 his terror and grief flooded through me , almost unbearable . 
 the flames faded , and the picture began to bleed into another scene . 
 alexei was older now , maybe in his early twenties . 
 he was handsome , less severe than he 'd looked in the few photographs i 'd seen of him . 
 he was riding in the back of a car past rolling hills and bright green grass that seemed very familiar . 
 he was excited , and his fingers kept drumming nervously on the book he held on his lap . 
 the grimoire . 
 the car rattled over a stone bridge , and thorne abbey suddenly loomed into view . 
 alexei could see the girls on the lawn , all students from a women 's college in london . 
 they were boarding at thorne because it was n't safe for them in the city anymore . 
 alexei watched them , and a tight smile crossed his face . 
 at last , he was thinking . 
 at last . 
 and then the scene abruptly went black , and the next thing i knew , i was back in lara 's office , panting in my chair . 
 `` i think that gives you the gist of it , '' lara said , calmly shuffling some papers . 
 i was still shaking , trying to remind myself that it was n't my whole family who had just been murdered in the streets . 
 when i felt like i could talk again , i said , `` humans murdered his family . 
 and he was scared , and wanted a way to protect other prodigium and maybe score a little revenge in the process . 
 but that ... that still does n't make what he did right . '' 
 i swallowed revulsion as i remembered the anticipation that had shot through alexei as he 'd watched a bunch of innocent girls run on thorne abbey 's lawn . 
 alice , my great-grandmother , had been one of them . 
 `` besides , i know this is n't about protection . 
 maybe that 's how it started out , but what did your dad really want to use alice for ? 
 because you know what i think ? 
 i think a pet demon would be pretty handy if you wanted to keep every prodigium on the planet under your control . '' 
 lara did n't even attempt to deny it . 
 `` possibly . 
 of course , a whole squad of ` pet demons ' would be even handier . '' 
 she set the papers down and carefully opened a drawer . 
 she pulled out the grimoire , and my heart plummeted to my toes . 
 `` where did - '' `` oh , miss talbot was very quick to hand it over . 
 if you wanted the book , all you had to do was ask , '' she continued , and i stared at her , confused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we were going to give it to you eventually , anyway . 
 you 're not much use to us without your powers intact . '' 
 she flipped through the pages until she reached the spell that would restore my magic . 
 just seeing the words on the page made me feel like i was about to jump out of my skin . 
 lara held the book out to me . 
 `` go on . 
 touch it . '' 
 then she chuckled . 
 `` oh yes , sophie , i knew that your father had made you touch this spell . 
 i knew all about the hours you two spent going over this book . '' 
 my magic was only inches away . 
 everything inside me screamed for that spell . 
 but i met lara 's eyes and asked , `` why would you want me to restore my powers ? 
 because the second i do , i 'm blasting my way out of here . '' 
 but lara just smiled at me . 
 `` sophie , when your father taught you about demons , did he tell you how they 're controlled ? '' 
 `` the witch or warlock who raised the demon can control it . 
 but since no one technically raised me , no one controls me . '' 
 `` that 's what we thought , too , '' lara acknowledged with a little nod . 
 `` but then we did some research . 
 you know , your father 's collection at thorne was very useful . 
 and imagine our surprise when we discovered that the ability to control a demon is passed down through blood . '' 
 in the blood , mrs. casnoff had said . 
 in the blood . 
 yours , and mine , and my father 's , and alice 's ... and now i suddenly realized what she 'd meant . 
 `` our father performed the ritual that turned your great-grandmother into a demon , '' lara said . 
 `` our bloodline created yours . 
 that means that once you 're re-powered , you 'll be under our control . '' 
 i could n't take my eyes off the spell , even as i started to shake . 
 `` that 's impossible , '' i said , like saying it might make it true . 
 `` if you could 've controlled me , you would 've done it before . '' 
 `` we did n't know we could , so we never tried , '' mrs. casnoff said , speaking for the first time . 
 `` but why ? 
 why would you want to control me when you can raise as many demons as you want ? '' 
 `` new demons can be ... unpredictable , '' lara said . 
 `` but you ? 
 a fourth-generation demon ? 
 the chance of you ... losing control , let 's say , is very , very low . 
 which makes you better suited for a leadership role . '' 
 lara grinned at me then , and there was nothing sane in her eyes . 
 `` every army needs a general , after all . '' 
 stomach lurching , i shot to my feet , backing away from the desk . 
 `` no . 
 no , i 'll stay powerless forever before i 'd put myself under your control . '' 
 lara tossed the open book onto her desk , and my magic howled . 
 `` you say that , '' she said , leaning back in her chair . 
 `` but your powers want to be released . 
 being a demon is who you are , and now that you 've seen that spell , the magic inside of you wo n't rest until it 's been restored . '' 
 all i wanted to do was press my hands against that page . 
 `` why do n't you just make me ? '' 
 i asked lara . 
 if all i had to do was touch the page , she could walk around the desk and grab me . 
 terrified , i realized that i wished she would do just that , and i backed away . 
 `` spells like this are delicate , '' she told me . 
 `` you ca n't force something this powerful on someone . 
 so it has to be your choice . 
 and the grimoire will sit here , '' lara called after me as i bolted for the door , `` open to that spell , every day , sophie . 
 calling to you . 
 you could save yourself a lot of pain if you gave in now . '' 
 i fumbled with the doorknob , my skin suddenly drenched in cold sweat . 
 when the door finally swung open , i ran , my magic screaming so loudly that i wanted to cover my ears against it . 
 jenna was waiting for me in our room , and when i opened the door , she leaped to her feet . 
 `` oh my god , are you okay ? 
 when lara came up here and asked for the grimoire , i nearly died , and-soph ? '' 
 up here , the longing for the grimoire was n't as intense , but i was still trembling as i let jenna lead me to my bed . 
 she curled up next to me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 by the time i was done telling jenna about lara 's office , i had stopped shaking , but i had started crying . 
 `` i want my powers back so badly , '' i told jenna as she stroked my hair , `` but i ca n't risk being some ... thing they can control . 
 i was just so sure that if i could get my magic back , everything would be okay . 
 but this ? 
 god , jenna , this is so much worse . '' 
 `` shhh , '' she murmured . 
 `` we 'll figure it out . 
 we 'll figure it out . '' 
 but her voice was wavering , and we fell asleep on her bed , clutching each other like little kids . 
 i thought it was thunder that woke me up . 
 i sat up in bed , blinking , as a low rumble filled the house . 
 the windows rattled , and i when i put my feet on the floor , i could feel a slight vibration . 
 `` wazzit ? '' 
 jenna murmured sleepily . 
 i walked over to the window , trying to make sense of what i saw . 
 lights were playing in the fog , flickering and dim at first , but then growing so brightly that i could see the dark shapes of the trees the mist usually concealed . 
 i could hear doors opening out in the hall , the sound of bare feet on wooden floors . 
 more light blazed into our room , and there was another rumble , this one so strong that i felt my teeth rattle . 
 fully awake now , jenna leaped out of the bed and opened our door . 
 the other girls were all gathered on the landing , looking out the broken stained-glass window . 
 i could still feel the grimoire , and i dug my fingernails into my palms , hoping the pain would keep me from rushing downstairs . 
 lights continued to flash , and the rumbling got louder and stronger . 
 several of the younger girls covered their ears . 
 someone nudged my elbow , and i glanced back to see nausicaa standing there , her wings beating softly in the thick air . 
 `` lara came by our room to get taylor tonight , '' she said . 
 `` do you think ... '' she nodded at the lights . 
 `` did they do something to her ? '' 
 my magic was nearly choking me as the vibrations got stronger , shaking more shards of glass out of the window . 
 i could n't hear them crash to the floor . 
 the light flared one last time , so bright that we all shut our eyes and twisted our heads away . 
 and then everything was still . 
 we all stood there shivering , as a sudden cold wind blew through the broken window . 
 somewhere in the distance , i heard an inhuman howl . 
 `` yeah , '' i said to nausicaa . 
 `` i think they did . '' 
 chapter 25 the second i woke up the next morning , i could feel the grimoire like an ache in my bones . 
 it was well after noon before i felt like i could get out of bed . 
 going downstairs was agony , but i had to see what was happening . 
 it ended up being much worse than i thought , and trust me , i 'd prepared for all kinds of awful . 
 the stained-glass window was completely shattered now , just a few shards still clinging to the wooden frame . 
 sometime in the night , it had started raining , and now water poured through the jagged opening . 
 jenna and i stood in the main foyer and watched the rain run down the wall paper , soaking into the carpet . 
 `` do you think taylor was the only student taken last night ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 i was so busy trying not to shove her down and bolt for lara 's office and the grimoire that it took me a moment to answer her . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know if they can change more than one at a time . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 either way , they 've started now . '' 
 a shudder racked my body , and my powers pushed against my skin , begging to be released . 
 `` what are you two doing down here ? '' 
 a voice snapped . 
 the vandy stood behind us , hands on her hips . 
 even though she was scowling , her eyes were tired , the creases around them more pronounced . 
 `` we were just - '' jenna said , but the vandy raised her hand . 
 `` i do n't care what you were doing . 
 get back up to your room . 
 now . '' 
 jenna moved toward the stairs , but i stayed where i was . 
 `` is this what you want , too ? '' 
 i asked the vandy . 
 `` all the kids here turned into demons ? 
 because i know you 're kind of a jerk , but i did n't think you were evil . '' 
 her scowl twisted into something uglier . 
 something almost pained . 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 she snapped , pointing toward the stairs . 
 `` go . '' 
 leaning heavily on jenna , i made my way back up to our room . 
 as soon as the door closed behind us , i heard the click of the lock . 
 while i collapsed on the bed , shivering with pain and need , jenna paced . 
 `` they 're just going to keep coming for all of us . 
 every night , we 're going to lie in our beds and listen to that-that nightmare , and wonder if we 're next . '' 
 she sat down heavily on her bed . 
 `` sophie , what are we going to do ? '' 
 get the grimoire . 
 restore my powers . 
 the thought was so strong , i groaned and covered my ears with my hands . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i told jenna , and tears clogged my throat . 
 was there any feeling in the world worse than hopelessness ? 
 i rolled onto my side , and the need for the grimoire pounded alongside my pulse . 
 i was so wrapped up in my own agony that when i saw something moving in the mirror , i thought i was just hallucinating . 
 but then jenna said , `` what the heck was that ? '' 
 forcing myself to focus , i sat up and squinted at the glass . 
 another flicker , almost like a shadow , was moving inside the mirror . 
 and then the picture came in clearer . 
 torin . 
 he was only there a second before disappearing again , but i jumped off the bed , ignoring the shrieking in my head . 
 `` you saw that , right ? '' 
 i asked jenna . 
 she was still on her bed , her eyes wide . 
 `` yeah . 
 there was a dude in the mirror . 
 what - '' but i was already pressing my palms against the glass . 
 `` torin ? 
 are you in there ? '' 
 i had no idea how he 'd managed to move from the mirror at the brannicks ' to this one , but i was n't complaining . 
 his image wavered in front of me again , almost like a tv that was getting bad reception . 
 i caught the flash of irritation on his face as he faded back out . 
 but just before he did , he mouthed two words : `` your parents . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i cried out , slapping the glass with one hand . 
 `` what about my parents ? 
 torin ? 
 torin ! '' 
 when he did n't reappear , i wanted to scream with frustration . 
 jenna appeared at my side . 
 `` elodie . 
 see if elodie 's magic can ... i do n't know , pull him through . '' 
 after what she 'd done , i hated the idea of elodie back in my body . 
 but desperate times ... `` el - '' was all i got out before she whooshed in . 
 pull him through , i told her , my voice cold . 
 she did n't answer , but i could feel her magic rain down over me and through my fingertips . 
 but as hard as she tried , as much as i kept saying , come on , come on , come on , there was no sign of torin . 
 finally , my hands dropped away from the glass , and elodie said , `` i ca n't . 
 whatever he 's trying to do , my magic is n't strong enough to help . '' 
 sighing , she turned and leaned against the dresser . 
 jenna was still standing in front of me , her arms folded tightly across her chest . 
 `` sophie 's magic could do it , '' elodie told her . 
 jenna stepped closer , and i knew she was searching elodie 's eyes for me . 
 `` she ca n't get her powers back . 
 if she does , the casnoffs could - '' `` control her ? 
 yeah , i know . 
 but do n't you think it 's worth the risk ? '' 
 um , no ? 
 i said , even as jenna chewed her lip and did n't answer . 
 `` all i 'm saying , '' elodie continued , `` is that in a contest of wills between sophie and lara casnoff ? 
 i 'd put my money on sophie . 
 maybe they would be able to control her . 
 or maybe , just maybe , she could fight it . '' 
 i ca n't . 
 it 's too big of a risk . 
 what would happen to jenna if i was under lara 's control ? 
 what will happen to her if you go on like this ? 
 i can feel you , sophie . 
 you 're going to be in agony until you touch that damn spell . 
 so i say go touch it and see what happens . 
 jenna lifted her hands to frame my face , tilting my head down . 
 `` soph , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm about to say this , but ... i think elodie is right . 
 with your powers , there 's a chance you might be giving yourself over to the casnoffs , yeah . 
 but without your powers ? 
 there 's no chance we 'll get out of this . '' 
 elodie turned and opened the top dresser drawer . 
 there , on top of a pile of clothes , was the grimoire . 
 how did that get in here ? 
 i asked , suddenly understanding why its pull had been so strong this morning . 
 i brought it here to do this . 
 my hand picked up the book , flipping to the spell , and elodie brought my palm over the page . 
 no , i screamed , and elodie hesitated . 
 you have to , she finally said , her voice firm . 
 i thought it would be easier if i did it for you . 
 no , i said again , but even inside my own head , i sounded weak . 
 do it , elodie replied . 
 end this . 
 i felt her leave , and stumbled back against the dresser . 
 after getting my breath back , i raised my head and stared at the open door . 
 my magic was rioting inside of me . 
 jenna took my hand . 
 `` you can do this , '' she said . 
 `` i know you can . 
 you 're stronger than they are . '' 
 i was n't so sure about that . 
 but i was sure about what i had to do . 
 i did n't let myself think about it . 
 i just snatched the grimoire off the floor where i 'd dropped it when elodie had left . 
 my fingers unerringly turned to the spell that was screaming for me . 
 and then , without letting myself so much as take a deep breath , i pressed my hand against the page . 
 it was like something exploded inside my chest . 
 i stood , frozen , as my powers uncurled , magic spilling into my veins . 
 the hardwood floor around my feet cracked , and jenna leaped back with a shriek . 
 breathing so heavily i was nearly panting , i flung the grimoire to the floor and slammed both my hands against the mirror . 
 torin , i thought , and yanked . 
 he appeared so suddenly in the glass that i jumped . 
 `` what in the bloody hell was that ? '' 
 he cried , blinking furiously before his gaze finally landed on me . 
 when it did , he grinned . 
 `` oh , well done , sophia . '' 
 i did n't have much time . 
 i could feel something , like an itch at the back of my mind , and i knew lara , somewhere on graymalkin island , was suddenly becoming aware of what had happened . 
 `` why were you trying to reach me ? 
 where are my parents ? '' 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , right , my glorious mission . 
 after you left - '' `` save it ! '' 
 i barked . 
 `` what do you want and where are they ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` all right , all right . 
 they 're in ireland . 
 at lough bealach . 
 i was supposed to get through and see if you were harmed in any way , but - '' i was already moving , scooping up the grimoire , shoving it once again into my waistband . 
 it was easy work to blast the lock off the door . 
 it was even easier to use my magic to call for call and archer . 
 call was in his cabin , archer in his room , and i spoke in both their heads at the same time . 
 meet jenna and me outside . 
 get ready to run . 
 and then , because i realized i 'd just basically screamed inside their brains , i added , please . 
 and sorry about the yelling . 
 jenna followed me out onto the landing . 
 i was maybe three steps down the stairs when it happened . 
 with a sudden jerk , i came to a stop . 
 i could n't run . 
 i could n't leave the island . 
 how foolish of me . 
 no , what i needed to do now was go to lara . 
 lara needed me , and she would - `` sophie ? '' 
 jenna asked , touching my elbow . 
 i turned and looked at jenna . 
 she was in my way . 
 she would try to stop me from getting to lara , from fulfilling my destiny . 
 so there was only one thing to do , really . 
 i had to kill her . 
 chapter 26 i clutched jenna with one hand , wrenching her toward me , and there was no regret or sadness in my heart . 
 if anything , i felt a little disgusted , like i was killing a bug . 
 this ... thing was in my way . 
 i had to dispose of it . 
 magic surged from the soles of my feet , making me feel giddy and whole . 
 i saw her realize what was about to happen , saw the fear and despair that crashed over her . 
 but once again , i did n't feel anything . 
 not pity or even satisfaction . 
 i just wanted her gone so that i could get to lara . 
 but before the spell could make its way to my fingertips , jenna grabbed my face . 
 `` sophie , '' she said quietly . 
 urgently . 
 `` look at me . 
 you 're better than they are . 
 you can fight them . '' 
 tears filled her eyes , and there was a twinge in my chest . 
 her fingers dug into my cheeks . 
 `` please , '' she begged . 
 `` soph , you 're my best friend . 
 i love you , and i know you . 
 i know you can fight this . '' 
 i screwed my eyes shut , even as everything within me ached to kill her . 
 to destroy her , to destroy everything . 
 gripping the banister , i felt the wood crack and bend under my hands . 
 `` sophie , '' jenna said again , and suddenly i could see her , sitting on her bed , laughing the first night i 'd met her . 
 i could feel her arms around me last night as i 'd cried about the grimoire . 
 jenna , i thought . 
 i ca n't hurt jenna . 
 something inside me gave way , almost like a chain had snapped . 
 inside my head , i could hear lara 's howl of rage , and then i was crying and hugging jenna so tight i was surprised she did n't snap in half . 
 `` oh my god , i 'm sorry , i 'm so sorry , '' i told her . 
 she laughed , but it was a watery sound . 
 `` i told you you were better than them . '' 
 in the distance , something rumbled , and i pulled back from jenna to look at the broken stained-glass window . 
 the day had gone even gloomier , and tendrils of fog were starting to curl around the window frame . 
 `` let 's hope so , '' i said . 
 `` mercer ! '' 
 i turned to see archer standing at the top of the stairs . 
 at the same moment , call burst through the front door . 
 i looked back and forth between them before saying , `` okay , i promise i 'll explain more fully when we 're not dead . 
 but for now , i have my powers back , i know where my parents are , and we 're going to the itineris to get off this island . 
 so let 's go ! '' 
 i do n't know if it was my tone or the fact that the rumbling had gotten louder , but both guys leaped into action . 
 the four of us ran out of hex hall and into the pelting rain . 
 the fog was rolling forward , and i stopped , raising one hand . 
 sparks shot from my fingers , and the fog rolled back , churning in on itself . 
 a feeling of contentment flooded through me as i felt magic surging up from my feet . 
 i flung another hand out , and the fog seemed to flinch in its rush to pull back . 
 `` okay , '' jenna said , tugging at my arm . 
 `` you 're back to being a badass . 
 now , run . '' 
 from behind i could hear the front door of the house opening . 
 i did n't look back . 
 cal , jenna , archer , and i sprinted out across the now-clear lawn , heading for the woods . 
 i only dared one quick glance over my shoulder . 
 someone stood framed in the doorway . 
 from his height , i thought it might be nick . 
 and then the figure leaped off the porch and began running toward us , and i knew it was nick . 
 nothing could move that fast , not even a shapeshifter . 
 as he got closer , i could see his face , those terrifying , blank red eyes . 
 i 'd been strong enough to throw off lara 's control , but it was obvious nick was still very much her plaything . 
 i threw out an attack spell , but he countered it with a simple wave of his hand . 
 i stopped , bracing myself , but he was n't coming for me . 
 hands out , claws extended , he reached for jenna . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 and then everything happened at once . 
 jenna stopped to look behind her , nick lunged , and suddenly archer was between them , grabbing nick 's outstretched arm and wrenching it away from jenna , just as nick 's other claw raked across archer 's chest . 
 i saw both of them grimace in pain before sending another bolt of magic at nick . 
 this one hit him hard enough to blast him away from archer , and he crumpled to the ground . 
 archer 's blood splattered the grass . 
 call moved toward him , but archer shook him off . 
 `` we do n't have time . 
 come on . '' 
 i reached jenna , who was pale and shaky , but unhurt . 
 `` th-thank you , '' she said to archer , who just repeated , `` we do n't have time . '' 
 and he was right . 
 something was moving toward us from the house . 
 i could feel dark magic rolling off it , and i knew it was another demon . 
 we plunged into the woods . 
 i stopped long enough to tell archer , `` lead them to the itineris . '' 
 archer had used the itineris on graymalkin to escape before . 
 `` i 'll bring up the rear . '' 
 he did n't reply , just jerked his arm toward jenna and cal , who dashed after him . 
 i jogged behind , my shoulder near my ears in anticipation of an attack spell . 
 but even though i could hear shouts and cries from behind us , no magic came . 
 we emerged from the woods onto a stretch of beach . 
 and then i remembered something . 
 holy crap , i 'd obviously been without magic for way too long to have forgotten one of the coolest spells i could do . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 archer , cal , and jenna all skidded to a halt on the sand . 
 i waved my hands at them to come closer . 
 `` okay , everybody hold hands , '' i said . 
 archer stared at me , one hand pressed to his bleeding chest . 
 `` sophie , this really is n't the time for a friendship circle . '' 
 `` it 's not that , '' i said . 
 `` it 's this . '' 
 i closed my eyes and channeled all my magic into a transportation spell . 
 there was a rush of icy air , and then we were standing in the grove of trees that housed hex hall 's very own itineris . 
 `` wow , '' jenna breathed . 
 `` it is awesome to have you back . '' 
 magic and satisfaction rushed through me . 
 `` you said it , '' i agreed . 
 `` now come on . '' 
 and with that , the four of us dove into the itineris . 
 part iii thus slowly , one by one , its quaint events were hammered out - and now the tale is done , and home we steer , a merry crew , beneath the setting sun . 
 - `` a preface , '' alice 's adventures in wonderland chapter 27 you know what would be great ? 
 if i had one instance of magical travel that did n't leave me feeling like someone had just tried to rip my spine out through my nose . 
 i lay on cool , stony ground , my inner organs trying to rearrange themselves . 
 next to me , i heard someone gasping and gagging , and a familiar voice saying , `` it 's okay . 
 just give yourself a few minutes . '' 
 mom . 
 i rolled my head to the side to see her kneeling over jenna , who was curled on her side , shivering . 
 itineris travel was especially hard on vampires . 
 i clambered to my hands and knees , looking around . 
 it was evening , and we were by some large body of water . 
 i could hear it lapping against the shore , and the air felt damp . 
 behind me was a big boulder , a shallow alcove carved in its center . 
 i was guessing that was the itineris . 
 just past jenna and mom , archer was sitting up , looking around him in confusion . 
 call was standing next to ... i squinted , trying to get a better look . 
 finley . 
 i recognized her long red braid . 
 panicked , i suddenly remembered the grimoire , my hands flying to my lower back . 
 to my shock and relief , it was still there , wedged securely against my skin . 
 i stood up , but my knees felt watery , and the ground suddenly wobbled in front of me . 
 a hand supported my elbow . 
 `` easy , '' my dad said . 
 he was smiling at me , the dark markings on his face black in the moonlight . 
 with a little cry of relief , i threw my arms around his neck , burying my face in his jacket . 
 when i finally felt like i could speak , i pulled back and croaked out , `` how ? 
 how did you get torin to hex hall ? '' 
 dad blinked rapidly , and at first , i thought he was surprised by my question . 
 then i realized that , no , he was fighting tears . 
 seeing my father , who practically had a phd in stiff upper lip , on the verge of crying because he was so happy to see me made my own eyes sting . 
 then he cleared his throat , straightened his shoulders , and said , `` it was exceedingly difficult . '' 
 i laughed through my tears . 
 `` i bet . '' 
 `` it was torin 's idea , '' someone said behind me , and i turned to see izzy standing there . 
 like my parents and her sister , she was dressed in jeans and a black jacket , although she also had a black cap pulled over her bright hair . 
 `` we had tons of old spell books , and after you and call disappeared , he started looking through them . 
 found a spell that would let him travel to a different mirror . '' 
 `` of course , the problem was finding your mirror , '' aislinn said , coming out of the darkness . 
 `` are n't you afraid that he 'll permanently peace out from his mirror and start hanging out in girls ' locker rooms or something ? '' 
 aislinn 's eyes slid to izzy . 
 `` torin has his reasons for wanting to stay with us , '' she said , and even in the dim light , i saw red creep up izzy 's cheeks . 
 maybe one day , i 'd get to the bottom of whatever was going on there . 
 preferably once i was done getting to the bottom of the thousand other things on my agenda . 
 jenna had started breathing normally again , her fingers wrapped tight around her bloodstone . 
 satisfied , mom patted her shoulder and said , `` just stay down for a little bit . 
 rest . '' 
 closing her eyes , jenna nodded . 
 only then did mom come over and wrap her arms around me . 
 `` i think we 've met our quota for tearful reunions , '' she chuckled against the top of my head . 
 `` when this is done , i promise i 'm never going to leave the house ever again . 
 we 'll just stay in and order pizza and watch bad television . '' 
 mom pulled away and looked over my shoulder . 
 `` oh , i think you might want to get out every now and then , '' she said . 
 i felt the warm weight of archer 's hand on my waist . 
 `` hey , i like pizza and bad tv . '' 
 i turned to him , surprised . 
 `` your chest - '' `` cal , '' he said by way of explanation . 
 `` i owe that guy , like , a mountain of burgers . 
 it 's getting embarrassing . '' 
 mom flashed me a little smile before saying , `` you know , this is n't how i imagined meeting sophie 's first real boyfriend . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 archer gave me a little squeeze . 
 `` you mean i 'm the first guy your parents have rescued from an enchanted island via use of a magic mirror ? 
 i feel so special . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and turned to face the water . 
 `` so i 'm guessing that 's lough bealach . '' 
 `` it is , '' aislinn said . 
 `` we 've been busy since you vanished . '' 
 finley and izzy were right behind her . 
 mom stepped back slightly so that she was beside her sister . 
 `` so have we , '' call said , and i suddenly realized he was standing on the other side of me . 
 `` come on , honey , '' mom said to me . 
 `` let 's go inside . '' 
 `` inside what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` over here , '' finley said , pointing to a small stone building covered in moss . 
 i followed everyone into the hut . 
 maybe once upon a time , this had been a cozy little spot . 
 and hey , maybe the lack of windows had been great at keeping the house warm from the cold wind off the lake . 
 but with nine people crammed inside it , and a peat fire smoking in the tiny hearth , it was uncomfortably close and warm . 
 it did n't help that i found myself jammed between call and archer , both of them pressed tightly against my side . 
 an ancient-looking card table sat in the middle of the room , covered in maps and books . 
 man , give the brannicks any space , and they 'll turn it into a war room . 
 aislinn took her customary position on one side of the table . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` tell us everything that 's happened . '' 
 cal , archer , jenna , and i managed to achieve something truly impressive : the four-way glance . 
 `` it 's really complicated , '' jenna said at last . 
 `` we used a sixteenth-century warlock trapped in a mirror to tell you where we were , '' dad said dryly . 
 `` i think it 's safe to say we 're well-versed in ` complicated ' by this point . '' 
 archer gave a little laugh . 
 `` i like your dad , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 `` you would , '' i muttered back . 
 `` the casnoffs are using the school as a breeding ground for demons , '' call said , getting right to the point in his usual way . 
 for the first time , i noticed the line around his mouth , the tight way he was holding his shoulders . 
 call kept so much inside of him , i sometimes forgot that what the casnoffs were doing was as nightmarish for him as it was for me . 
 i went to take his hand , but as soon as my fingers brushed his sleeve , i changed my mind . 
 after what elodie had done , touching call was now out of the question . 
 clearing my throat , i turned my attention back to dad . 
 `` what call said . 
 but it 's more than that . '' 
 i reached out to dad , and even though he was technically across the room , it was easy for him to grasp my fingers . 
 once he had , i sent a low pulse of magic to him , and his eyes widened . 
 `` your powers , '' he breathed . 
 i nodded . 
 `` fully functional . '' 
 i pulled out the grimoire and tossed it on the table . 
 `` thanks to that . '' 
 as briefly as i could , i explained about the cansoffs and how their bloodline should 've let them control me . 
 `` lara did a spell that showed me their family history , '' i continued . 
 `` it 's dark stuff . 
 humans basically wiped out alexei casnoff 's entire village . 
 weird as it sounds , this all started with a little boy trying to feel safe . 
 he was so sure demons would keep all prodigium protected , and he passed that belief down to his kids . '' 
 i glanced around the tiny , smoky room . 
 `` that 's what you guys maybe do n't get . 
 we 're not dealing with people who are all , ` mwahaha-yay , evil ! ' 
 the casnoffs think they 're in the right . '' 
 `` which is what makes them so terrifying , '' dad said , nodding . 
 `` people are so rarely vill ains in their own minds . '' 
 i thought of mrs. casnoff muttering , the ends justify the means , and would 've shivered if the room had n't been so darn hot . 
 `` okay , so that 's their plans , '' archer said with a sigh . 
 `` what are yours ? '' 
 `` we 're going to the underworld , '' izzy said . 
 she bounced a little as she said it , her eyes bright and her tone implying that `` the underworld '' was akin to `` candy land . '' 
 `` slow down , iz , '' finley said , laying a hand on her sister 's shoulder . 
 `` it 's not quite that simple . '' 
 `` go figure , '' jenna said weakly . 
 `` first off , sophie is the only one who will be going , '' finley said ; aislinn breaking in to add , `` she 's the only one who can go . '' 
 `` okay , but you guys did n't know i had my powers back when you came here , '' i said , working my hand out from between archer and me to wipe a drop of sweat from my forehead . 
 `` so how did you know i 'd be able to go ? '' 
 `` we did n't , '' mom said , propping a hip on the card table . 
 `` we 'd thought about sending your father , hoping maybe his dna would be enough to get him through . '' 
 she sighed and rubbed her eyes , looking older and more tired than i 'd ever seen her . 
 `` we had to try something . '' 
 `` but now that you have your powers , you should be able to access the underworld with no problems , '' dad said . 
 `` you 'll venture down there - alone-to collect as much demonglass as you can . '' 
 `` why does everyone keep talking like this is a walk in the park ? '' 
 archer asked . 
 he tried to raise his hand , probably to push it through his hair , leaving me to dodge his elbow . '' 
 ` oh , sophie will just go skip down to the underworld to put some demonglass in a basket ! ' '' 
 `` no one takes sophie 's safety more seriously than her father and i do , '' mom said . 
 her voice was low and even , but her eyes were steely . 
 i was n't sure if it was the brannick in her , or just the mom . 
 `` i know that , '' said archer , backing down . 
 `` and i know ... look , i know sophie is a demon . 
 she could wipe the floor with any of us , magically speaking . 
 but what exactly does going to the underworld entail ? 
 i mean , are there other demons down there ? 
 monsters ? 
 what could happen to her ? '' 
 my parents exchanged a glance , and then aislinn cleared her throat . 
 `` we do n't really know . 
 no one has ever attempted this before . '' 
 `` so , what ? '' 
 archer asked , clearly angry now . 
 `` you 're just sending her and hoping for the best ? 
 that 's insane ! 
 there has to be some other way to fight the casnoffs . '' 
 afraid that he was going to bring up the eye again , i tugged at his shirtsleeve . 
 `` hey , '' i said softly , wishing we were n't having this conversation in front of my entire family . 
 `` no one is making me do anything i do n't want to do . '' 
 i looked at aislinn . 
 `` the demons that lara has raised ... is demonglass the only way to defend ourselves against them ? '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 i paused to take a deep breath , hoping my voice would n't shake as i said , `` then i 'll go into the underworld . '' 
 `` thank you , sophie , '' dad said , and aislinn gave a brisk nod . 
 `` so it 's decided . 
 tomorrow morning at dawn , sophie goes to the island in the middle of the lake , and from there , through the portal . '' 
 my stomach in knots , i stared at all the people i cared about most in the world , and quietly agreed . 
 `` tomorrow . '' 
 chapter 28 the next morning , i paced along the rocky shore of lough bealach and tried to figure out the best way to get across . 
 the barest hint of pinkish-gray was just starting to appear over the horizon . 
 i had no idea what time it was , but my body told me it was roughly `` ouch , this is way too early '' o'clock . 
 i 'd only gotten a few hours of sleep . 
 after dad 's announcement that i 'd be heading to the freaking underworld the next day , no one had really been in the sleeping mood . 
 aislinn , finley , izzy , and mom had spread out sleeping bags in the hut while i 'd conjured up tents for dad , archer , cal , me , and jenna . 
 they were n't anything to write home about -lrb- and the one jenna and i shared was kind of saggy in the middle -rrb- , but they were still the first things i 'd magicked up in a while . 
 when i was done , dad had said , `` you created something out of nothing . 
 you realize that , do n't you ? '' 
 i let that sink in . 
 creating something out of nothing was nearly impossible for regular witches and wizards to do . 
 under alice 's teaching , elodie had mastered it , but the spell had always been tricky for me . 
 and dad was right : i 'd just done it , almost without thinking . 
 `` it 's so good to see you using your powers again , '' he said softly . 
 i looked at the purple marks on his face , and just wrapped my arms around him in response . 
 now , as i stood by the water , i felt my powers swirling peacefully inside me . 
 when i 'd wanted to go through the removal , dad had told me that taking away my magic was akin to trying to rip out the color of my eyes . 
 he 'd been right . 
 without my powers , i had felt like a huge piece of me was missing . 
 i rubbed my arms , even though i 'd used my magic to transform my hex hall uniform into a thick black sweater and jeans . 
 ireland in september was a lot chil ier than georgia had been . 
 of course , the cold was n't the only thing making me shiver . 
 rising up out of the water was a big freaking rock . 
 i rubbed my arms even harder and sat down next to aislinn on one of the boulders ringing the shore . 
 i 'd gotten up before dawn in the hope of avoiding any more tearful farewells , but aislinn had already been awake and waiting for me at the edge of the lake . 
 `` i told grace to let me see you off , '' she had said . 
 `` i was afraid it would upset both of you too much if she did it herself . 
 same for your father , and you need to be focused right now . '' 
 her voice was gruff , but i was still grateful to have her there . 
 `` so should i just conjure a boat ? '' 
 i asked her now . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not the one with magic . 
 just get over however you think is best . '' 
 `` i could swim , '' i suggested . 
 `` ooh ! 
 or maybe magic up like , a sweet jet ski ? '' 
 i held my hands out in from of me as if i were clutching the handlebars of said sweet jet ski . 
 aislinn watched me for a moment before saying , `` is this what you always do when you 're nervous ? '' 
 my hands fell back to my sides . 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 i turned back to the water . 
 `` see , the thing is , i 'm pretty sure i could make a boat . 
 but then if i do , do i give it a motor ? 
 or a sail ? 
 or am i expected to row myself all the way - '' `` please be quiet until you think of something . '' 
 the words themselves were n't particularly threatening , but aislinn had a way of looking at you that made you feel like she was mere seconds away from kicking you in the face . 
 the only sound was the lapping of the waves against the shore , and the chattering of my teeth . 
 i peeked over my shoulder at the ring of tents . 
 jenna had been sound asleep when i 'd crawled out just before dawn . 
 i had n't woken her up , partly because i thought she could use the rest . 
 but the main reason was that waking her would 've meant telling her good-bye , and telling someone goodbye when you 're planning on walking into hell would 've felt kind of ... final . 
 it was the same reason i had n't gone into the hut to find mom , and why i 'd skirted around archer 's tent . 
 i 'd been nearly to the shore when i 'd heard him softly call , `` mercer . '' 
 kneeling in the doorway of his tent , his hair a mess , his hex hall uniform ridiculously wrinkled , he 'd nearly broken my heart . 
 and when i ran to him as soundlessly as i could and practically dove on top of him , i 'd told myself that our kiss was just your normal boyfriend / girlfriend saying good morning thing . 
 even when he pulled me inside , the tent warm and cozy and smelling like him , i had n't let myself think that might be the last time i 'd see him . 
 and when he 'd pulled me closer and murmured , `` mercer , i love - '' i had covered his mouth with my hand . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 not now . 
 say it sometime when there is absolutely no chance of death on the horizon , okay ? '' 
 he mumbled something beneath my palm , and i rolled my eyes as i pulled it away from his mouth . 
 he dropped a kiss on the tip of my nose . 
 `` all i was going to say was that i love this tent you made for me . 
 but i guess i can tell you again later . 
 when you get back . '' 
 curling my hand around the back of his neck , i 'd pulled him down to me . 
 `` you better . '' 
 a blush creeping up my neck from the memory , i swung my gaze away from his tent and back toward the lake . 
 i was coming back . 
 i was going to be fine , and getting down into the underworld to collect demonglass would n't be hard at all . 
 maybe i 'd make it back before lunch . 
 of course , i could n't make it back if i never left . 
 and just like that , the simplest way to get across the lake occurred to me . 
 standing up , i pointed a finger at the water . 
 the surface of the lake began to ripple , and then , with a great whooshing sound , the water in front of us slid back , leaving a narrow , silver muddy trail along the lake 's bottom . 
 the path wove all the way to the base of the rocky island . 
 `` what it lacks in pizzazz , it makes up for in practicality , '' i said , hoping aislinn could n't hear how terrified i was . 
 but she put her hand on my shoulder-the first time she 'd ever touched me-and said , `` you 'll be fine . 
 if there 's one thing i 've learned about you , sophie brannick , it 's that you are one tough little thing . '' 
 i almost said , `` sophie mercer . '' 
 instead i just said , `` thanks , um , aunt aislinn . '' 
 she pulled her hand back . 
 `` let 's not get carried away . '' 
 `` right , sorry . '' 
 i turned back to the watery path and tried to remind myself that i had done all kinds of terrifying things . 
 escaped a burning building . 
 faced off against a werewolf . 
 fought creepy demon mind control . 
 walking through some water should n't be that scary . 
 still , my feet refused to move . 
 `` you ready to go ? '' 
 a voice said from behind me . 
 cal . 
 he stood just at the edge of the water , hands in his pockets . 
 i stared at him in confusion . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 `` i ca n't go into the underworld with you , but there 's nothing in the rule against having an escort out there . '' 
 aislinn looked back and forth between us , finally saying , `` you can try it . '' 
 experimentally , call put one foot on the path . 
 i tensed , waiting for the water to rush back in over him . 
 when it did n't , i let out the breath i 'd been holding . 
 `` seems safe enough , '' call said , and aislinn shrugged . 
 `` well , there you go , '' she said . 
 without so much as a `` hey , try not to get killed , '' she turned back for the stone hut . 
 i would n't let my eyes follow aislinn . 
 if i looked back , i was afraid i 'd go running after her . 
 instead i walked out to stand next to cal . 
 underfoot , the surface gave slightly . 
 gingerly , we made our way down the watery road . 
 `` brannicks and magic and hell , oh my , '' i joked , and call gave a snort of what might have been laughter . 
 i hit a particularly slippery spot and wobbled for a second before call grabbed my elbow . 
 i did n't want it to be awkward , and i really did n't want my entire face to go red , but that 's exactly what happened . 
 i glanced up . 
 our eyes met , and call jerked back his hand so fast that he overbalanced . 
 as he started to fall , i went to grab him , and the next thing i knew , we both went down . 
 i hit the wall of water to my right , just as call slid to the left . 
 i fell into the water , completely immersed , only to have it spit me back out onto the path . 
 i sat there , arms and legs akimbo , hair dripping water into my eyes . 
 call sat opposite me , every bit as drenched , looking totally bewildered . 
 once again , we locked eyes . 
 and this time , we both burst out laughing . 
 `` oh god , '' i spluttered . 
 `` your face ! '' 
 `` my face ? '' 
 he said , his laughter dwindling to a chuckle . 
 `` you should see your hair . '' 
 he rose to his feet , leaning down to offer me a hand . 
 i took it gratefully . 
 once i was upright again , i ran my hand in front of my body , magic fluttering out of my fingertips to dry my hair and clothes . 
 call did the same to himself , and then we studied each other . 
 `` all right , now that the weirdness between us has caused actual physical damage , i think it 's time we talked it out , do n't you ? '' 
 he gave a half smile and then turned back to the path . 
 `` we do n't need to be weird , '' he said . 
 `` these past few days , since the thing with elodie , i 've been thinking . '' 
 he took a deep breath , and i knew that this was one of those rare occasions when call was about to say a lot of words at once . 
 `` i like you , sophie . 
 a lot . 
 for a while , i thought it might be more than that . 
 but you love cross . '' 
 he said it matter-of-factly , but i still caught the way his ears reddened . 
 `` i know i 've said some pretty awful stuff about him , but ... i was wrong . 
 he 's a good guy . 
 so , i guess what i 'm saying is that as the guy who 's betrothed to you , i wish we could be more than friends . '' 
 he stopped , turning around to face me . 
 `` but as your friend , i want you to be happy . 
 and if cross is who you want , then i 'm not gon na stand in the way of that . '' 
 `` i 'm the worst fiancee ever , are n't i ? '' 
 call lifted one shoulder . 
 `` nah . 
 this one warlock i knew , his betrothed set him on fire . '' 
 laughing so i would n't cry , i tentatively lifted my arms to hug him . 
 he folded me against his chest , and there was no awkwardness between us , and i knew the warmth in the pit of my stomach was love . 
 just a different kind . 
 sniffling , i pulled back and rubbed at my nose . 
 `` okay , now that the hard part 's over , let 's go tackle the underworld . '' 
 `` got room for two more ? '' 
 startled , i turned to see jenna and archer standing on the path , jenna 's hand clutching archer 's sleeve as she tried to stay on her feet . 
 `` what ? '' 
 was all i could say . 
 archer took a few careful steps forward . 
 `` hey , this has been a group effort so far . 
 no reason to stop now . '' 
 `` you guys ca n't go into the underworld with me , '' i told them . 
 `` you heard dad , i 'm the only one with - '' `` with powers strong enough . 
 yeah , we got that , '' jenna said . 
 `` but how are you supposed to carry a whole bunch of demonglass out of that place ? 
 it 'll burn you . 
 and hey , maybe your powers will be strong enough to get all of us in , too . '' 
 she gestured to herself and the boys . 
 `` plus it 's not like we do n't have powers of our own . '' 
 i knew i should tell them to go back . 
 but having the three of them there made me feel a whole lot better and whole lot less terrified . 
 so in the end , i gave an exaggerated sigh and said , `` okay , fine . 
 but just so you know , following me into hell means you 're all definitely the sidekicks . '' 
 `` darn , i was hoping to be the rakishly charming love interest , '' archer said , taking my hand . 
 `` cal , any role you were after ? '' 
 i asked him , and he looked ruefully at the craggy rock looming over us . 
 as he did , there was the grinding sound of stone against stone . 
 we all stared at the opening that appeared . 
 `` i 'm just hoping to be the not dead guy , '' call muttered . 
 we faced the entrance . 
 `` between the four of us , we fought ghouls , survived attacks by demons and ll ` occhio di dio , and practically raised the dead , '' i said . 
 `` we can do this . '' 
 `` see , inspiring speeches like that are why you get to be the leader , '' archer said , and he squeezed my hand . 
 and then , moving almost as one , we stepped into the rock . 
 chapter 29 as soon as we were in , the opening closed behind us . 
 `` of course , '' i heard archer say under his breath . 
 i lifted my fingers , and an orb of light sprang from them . 
 not that it was particularly helpful . 
 all i saw was a bunch of dark , slick granite , and not much else . 
 `` so ... is this it ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 `` are we in the underworld ? 
 because to be honest , i thought it would be hotter . '' 
 i looked around in the gloom . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know , '' i finally said . 
 `` anyone see a sign that says , underworld this way ? 
 preferably with an arrow ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , no , '' archer said . 
 `` but something feels weird . 
 is it just me ? '' 
 now that he mentioned it , i could feel something , too . 
 it was like the cavern held a subtle charge . 
 when i looked down , i saw that the hairs on my arms were all standing up . 
 inside me , my magic churned and thumped . 
 `` no , i definitely think we 're in the right place . 
 which means i should probably do this . '' 
 facing the three of them , i concentrated as hard as i could . 
 be safe , was all i could think of as far as protection spells went , but i felt power surge up and then flow gently from my hands . 
 the spell was a milky white , and it curled around archer , jenna , and call like smoke , before settling in . 
 `` okay , do you guys feel protected ? '' 
 `` i do , '' archer said . 
 `` also , a little violated , but that 's neither here nor there . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you two ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' call said . 
 `` whatever you did , i think it worked . '' 
 `` same , '' jenna added . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 i started walking forward , the others following . 
 `` archer , any helpful factoids about demon-glass you 'd like to offer up ? '' 
 `` um , okay . 
 well , after the war in heaven , the angels who fought on the wrong side were stripped down to just their most basic level . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded . 
 `` dad told me that . 
 demons are just pure dark magic , nothing more . 
 until they 're put in a body , obviously . '' 
 `` i do n't know , there are times when you seem like you 're just pure dark-ow . '' 
 archer broke off as i poked him in the ribs . 
 `` anyway , the demons were forced into another dimension . 
 what people call hell , or the underworld , or whatever . 
 supposedly-and for us , hopefully-that 's where you find demonglass . 
 which , really , is nothing more than rock that 's been permeated with all that dark magic . 
 demon kryptonite , basically . '' 
 `` so we 're going into another dimension ? '' 
 jenna asked , her voice wavering a little . 
 `` like what the itineris does ? '' 
 `` that 's the idea , '' archer replied . 
 seeing as how the itineris almost always left jenna trying not to cough out her inner organs , i understood why she sounded a little freaked out . 
 `` this does n't feel like another dimension , though , '' i said . 
 `` it just feels like - '' `` a cave , '' call said . 
 `` yeah , a cave . '' 
 as soon as i said that , my heart started to pound . 
 ugh , this new claustrophobia thing was highly annoying . 
 `` other than the weird feeling in the air , which honestly , could be something natural , i 'm not sensing anything that makes me think we 're in the actual underworld . '' 
 no sooner were the words out of my mouth then the orb i was carrying whooshed out . 
 next to me , jenna gasped , and i did everything possible to summon the light back . 
 when i could suddenly see everyone again , i thought maybe i 'd managed it . 
 but then i realized the light in the cavern was n't the soft blue i 'd made . 
 it was a harsh orange-yellow , almost like a streetlamp . 
 i blinked . 
 it was a streetlamp . 
 and i was n't in a cave anymore . 
 i was in a room . 
 a motel room , if the cheap carpet and identical double beds were anything to go by . 
 there were two figures in one of the beds , and from the soft , even sound of their breathing , i knew they were sleeping . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 archer asked , just as a low moan filled my ears . 
 it was jenna . 
 she stood beside me , her eyes huge , hands pressed to her mouth . 
 i grabbed her arm . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` jenna - '' the cracking sound of wood breaking exploded through the room , and three men , all in black , rushed inside . 
 one of them brushed against me , feeling every bit as real and solid as call on my other side . 
 the figures in the bed sat up , shrieking , and as they did , i saw the light fall on a familiar pink stripe . 
 i watched jenna leap out of the bed , fangs bared , as the men in black-members of ll ` occhio di dio-raised wooden stakes over their heads . 
 there was an awful sucking sound as one of the stakes found its mark . 
 amanda , jenna 's first girlfriend . 
 the girl who had made her a vampire . 
 both the jenna in the motel room and the jenna next to me screamed . 
 and then , just as abruptly , everything went dark again . 
 the only sound was our ragged breathing and jenna 's shuddery weeping . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i murmured , wrapping my arms around her . 
 `` it was n't real . '' 
 `` but it was , '' she cried . 
 `` th-that 's exactly how it happened . '' 
 there was nothing i could say to that . 
 i felt someone move closer to us , and then archer 's voice , very low , said , `` jenna , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 her only reply was another wrenching sob . 
 `` okay , '' call said . 
 `` let 's just keep moving . '' 
 at least there was no doubt that we were in hell now . 
 i 'd been prepared for fire and brimstone and all of that . 
 but walking into a place that made you relive nightmarish moments from your own past ? 
 swallowing , i held jenna tighter , relit the orb , and we moved on . 
 we got maybe a dozen yards before my light flickered out again . 
 this time , we were in a brightly lit , cheerful living room . 
 nothing in it looked familiar to me , and i glanced over at call and archer . 
 `` either of you recognize this ? '' 
 `` no , '' they said in unison . 
 a scream echoed through the room , sounding like it came from somewhere above us . 
 as we watched , a dark-haired man dashed down a flight of stairs and into the living room . 
 his shirt front was covered with blood , and his eyes darted back and forth wildly . 
 `` elise ! '' 
 he cried . 
 moving with supernatural speed , another man came down the stairs , leaping over the railing . 
 i caught a brief gleam of claws , and then i slammed my eyes shut . 
 when i opened them again , the man who 'd called for elise was lying facedown on the carpet . 
 the other man stood over him , panting , blood dripping from his now-human hands . 
 at his side was a woman , her eyes blood-red and her expression every bit as inhuman as the man 's . 
 she was also very pregnant , which somehow made the whole thing ten times more disturbing . 
 somewhere in the house , a small child started to wail , and the man lifted his nose to sniff the air . 
 i shook my head at the scene , confused . 
 `` they 're demons . '' 
 i knew they could n't hear me , but i could n't help whispering . 
 `` but i 've never seen them before . 
 and if she 's a pregnant demon , then her baby ... '' and then i looked at the man-mainly his dark , curly hair , the familiar shape of his eyes and nose . 
 `` oh my god , '' i breathed . 
 `` nick . 
 these are nick 's parents . 
 he was born a demon . '' 
 jenna had stopped crying . 
 `` so why is it showing us this ? '' 
 as the demons fled through the front door , a little boy , maybe two or three , wandered into the room . 
 there was a streak of blood on his pudgy cheek , and his dark eyes were bright with tears . 
 i looked at archer . 
 he was so pale , he 'd actually gone gray . 
 `` this was my family , '' he said just as the scene went black . 
 `` this is what happened to them . 
 i always wondered , but ... god . '' 
 his voice broke off with a strangled sound . 
 `` that 's it , '' i said . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 blue light shone from my fingers again . 
 `` the demonglass , '' archer started to say , color slowly returning to his skin . 
 `` screw it , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll come up with some other way , but we ca n't stay here . 
 i do n't want to see anything else . '' 
 but it was too late . 
 we were standing in moonlight , and i could feel cool air wash over my skin . 
 the scent of lavender flooded my nostrils , and my heart sank . 
 we were at thorne abbey . 
 and in front of us , crumpled on the grass , sobbing , was alice . 
 she looked so young , so terrified . 
 so unlike the powerful creature i 'd known . 
 alexei casnoff stood in front of her , the grimoire in his hands . 
 there was a blond woman next to him , her hands clasped behind her back . 
 virginia thorne , the dark witch who had worked with the casnoffs to find this ritual . 
 alexei was already reciting the ritual , light flashing in the dark sky . 
 i heard someone cry out , and whipped my head around to see a handsome younger guy run up to alexei , attempting to grab the book from his hands . 
 the wind was howling so loudly that i could n't hear what he was saying . 
 i could hear alice yell out , `` henry ! '' 
 as she did , her hand covered her stomach protectively , and i knew that this must be henry thorne , virginia 's brother . 
 alice had been pregnant when she was changed , and dad had suspected that henry was the father . 
 from the terror on alice 's face , i knew it was true . 
 and so i watched as alexei casnoff lifted his hand , like he was swatting a bug , and sent a bolt of magic into henry thorne 's forehead that killed him instantly . 
 `` no ! '' 
 alice wailed , as virginia thorne cried out , too . 
 with the same careless motion , alexei killed her as easily as he had her brother . 
 the light grew brighter , so much so that i had to turn my head away . 
 but just before i did , alice locked eyes with me . 
 i knew she was n't really looking at me . 
 just in my general direction . 
 still , her huge tear-filled eyes , the same shade of blue as mine , pierced right to my heart . 
 and then the scene evaporated . 
 `` please , '' jenna whimpered . 
 `` please , let 's go . '' 
 stumbling in the darkness , i nodded . 
 `` i am all for that , '' i said , reaching a hand out to steady myself . 
 as soon as my fingers touched the cavern wall , i drew them back with a shriek of pain . 
 `` sophie ! '' 
 archer and call called out at the same time . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said , cradling my hand against my chest . 
 `` it just ... it burned me . 
 the wall . '' 
 i summoned another ball of light and looked at the pinkish welts raising up from my fingertips . 
 then i looked back to the wall . 
 i 'd thought it was just wet rock , but now i could tell that the shine i 'd seen was n't from water . 
 `` it 's demonglass , '' i said . 
 `` the-the whole freaking place is made of demonglass . '' 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 lifting my uninjured hand , i said , `` you guys get ready to grab as much of this stuff as you can , and then we are booking it . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` understood , '' they all echoed back . 
 taking a deep breath , i closed my eyes . 
 `` break . '' 
 dozens of shards fell harmlessly to the ground . 
 jenna , archer , and call rushed forward to gather them up , and then we ran back in the direction we 'd come . 
 light flared again , followed by noises too faint to make out . 
 as we ran , i could hear whatever the scene was playing behind me . 
 there were screams , one of which sounded oddly familiar . 
 in fact , it sounded like me . 
 i froze in my tracks . 
 call was already looking over his shoulder , but before i could see what he was watching , he was pushing me forward again . 
 `` keep moving , '' he grunted . 
 up ahead , the opening had reappeared , and we dashed for it . 
 as soon as my feet hit the muddy path , they slipped and slid , but i did my best to stay upright . 
 the sooner i could get away from that place , the better . 
 only when we heard the grinding of stone on stone did we stop and look back . 
 the entrance into the rock had vanished , and i nearly sagged to the ground with relief . 
 then i looked at the black blades the others were holding . 
 `` holy crap , '' i said breathlessly . 
 `` we did it . '' 
 i 'd imagined that if we 'd successfully collected the demonglass , we 'd practically skip back to the shore . 
 but the cost of getting these weapons had been awfully high , and as we trudged back down the ribbon of silt , i knew we were all thinking about what the underworld had shown us . 
 like she was reading my mind , jenna said , `` so that 's what the underworld does ? 
 shows you the most terrible things that ever happened to you-or your family ... '' she added , glancing at me and archer , '' ... like some kind of sick movie ? '' 
 `` seemed pretty hell ish to me , '' archer said , still a little shell-shocked . 
 `` i do n't think it 's just things that have happened , '' call said . 
 `` maybe it 's stuff that will happen , too . '' 
 i stopped , pushing my hair away from my face . 
 `` what did you see in there , cal ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` does n't matter , '' he said . 
 but just as he walked past me , his gaze lingered briefly on archer . 
 i remembered that scream . 
 the one that had sounded like me . 
 and as we made our way back to my parents and the brannicks , i could n't help but feel that as nightmarish as the cavern had been , the worst was still ahead of us . 
 chapter 30 back at the hut , i used my magic to whip up some tomato soup and hot tea . 
 i told mom and dad what had happened , downplaying the horror of it as much as i could . 
 as i did , mom walked around the table , draping blankets over our shoulders . 
 `` we 're not in shock , '' i told her , even as i clutched the material tighter around my neck . 
 `` well , you all look awful , '' she said . 
 `` hell does wreak havoc on the skin , '' archer quipped , but i could tell his heart was n't in it . 
 under the table , i put my hand on his knee , and he covered my fingers with his own . 
 `` you say the cavern showed you scenes , '' dad said , poking at the fire even though it was already warm inside . 
 `` jenna , it showed you the death of your sire . '' 
 jenna blew on her soup and gave dad a look . 
 `` i called her my girlfriend , or amanda , but yeah . '' 
 dad inclined his head . 
 `` of course . 
 forgive me . 
 sophie , you saw alice 's transformation . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and the murder of my great-grandfather . 
 weird it showed me that when i 've had so many other awful things happen directly to me , '' i said , beginning to tick them off on my fingers . 
 `` elodie getting killed , having to kill alice , escaping a burning building with the help of a ghost ... '' and then , because both my parents looked so deflated , i added , `` oh , and this really heinous pageboy haircut in sixth grade . '' 
 a few wan smiles appeared , but i think it was just to humor me . 
 `` yes , but that was the act that was directly responsible for all of those other horrible events , '' dad said . 
 `` well , except for the haircut . 
 i suspect that can be laid at your mother 's door . '' 
 `` james ! '' 
 mom protested , but i swear i heard affection behind it . 
 i think dad did , too , because his lips quirked upward briefly . 
 his expression sobered , though , when he turned to archer . 
 `` and you saw your parents murdered by demons . '' 
 archer clinked his spoon against the bottom of his bowl . 
 `` just my dad . 
 but when i-uh , baby-me came in , there was blood on my face that was n't mine , so i 'm guessing my mom was already dead . '' 
 dad frowned , deep in thought . 
 `` the lady demon was pregnant , '' i told him . 
 `` and the guy looked just like nick . 
 i 'm thinking they were his parents . '' 
 `` of course , '' dad said , his eyes going wide . 
 `` the anderson brothers . 
 they both disappeared , along with their wives , about fifteen years ago . 
 everyone thought they 'd just gone underground , so to speak . 
 lara was close to the youngest one 's wife . 
 very close . '' 
 `` wait . 
 so , the demon guy and archer 's dad were brothers ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` which makes archer and nick - '' `` cousins , '' archer filled in , still stirring his soup . 
 `` nearly murdered by my own relative . 
 that has to win some kind of medal for dysfunction . '' 
 then his expression darkened . 
 `` or maybe it 's just family tradition . '' 
 an uncomfortable silence stretched out . 
 archer 's spoon clinked on his bowl as he swirled it around and around . 
 finally , he said , `` anderson ? '' 
 dad met his eyes . 
 `` yes . 
 if i 'm right , your father was the eldest . 
 martin . 
 your mother 's name was elise . '' 
 archer 's throat moved convulsively . 
 `` that 's the name the guy-my dad-said . 
 in the vision , or whatever it was . '' 
 dad smiled sadly . 
 `` i did n't know your parents personally , but from everything i 've heard , they were good people . 
 and they were very devoted to their only child . 
 you . '' 
 now the silence in the room felt like a heavy , tangible thing . 
 under the table , archer 's fingers were vise-tight on mine . 
 `` do you know - '' `` daniel , '' dad said , his voice soft . 
 `` your name was daniel anderson . '' 
 archer dropped his head , and i watched two tears drip soundlessly into his soup . 
 and then he was shoving back his chair , and out the door . 
 i stood up to follow him . 
 but dad touched my arm . 
 `` give him a minute . '' 
 i bit the inside of my cheek and nodded . 
 `` right . '' 
 sniffing , i sat back down and curled my hands around my cup of tea . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 `` well , now we at least have some way of defending ourselves against the demons the casnoffs have , '' aislinn said , speaking up for the first time . 
 she , finley , and izzy had met us at the shore , and the three of them were currently wrapping the demonglass into cloths and putting the shards in a canvas bag . 
 `` between the three of us , '' she said , gesturing to her daughters , `` we could probably take them all out . '' 
 i winced . 
 `` you mean , kill them . '' 
 `` no , take them all out for ice cream , '' finley scoffed , but her mother said in a low , dangerous voice , `` finley , sophie walked into hell for us today . 
 she 's as much a brannick as you are , and you 'll talk to her with respect . '' 
 abashed , finley looked at me under her lashes and muttered , `` sorry . '' 
 `` no problem , '' i answered . 
 `` but i 'm serious . 
 is ... is killing them the only option ? '' 
 `` it 's the easiest one , '' mom said , coming to sit in archer 's empty chair . 
 `` sweetie , i know some of those kids were your friends , but there 's no getting them back . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 i asked dad . 
 `` are they gone for good ? '' 
 dad shifted in his seat , uneasy . 
 `` not necessarily . 
 but sophie , the risk involved in bringing them back ... it 's almost too great to fathom . '' 
 `` i can fathom all kinds of things , '' i told him . 
 `` try me . '' 
 i think i might have seen pride in dad 's eyes . 
 or maybe it was just a gleam of why is my offspring so insane ? 
 still , he answered me . 
 `` if you destroy both the ritual and the witch or warlock who used it , the spell itself can be reversed . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` that does n't sound so hard . '' 
 `` i was n't finished . 
 they must be destroyed simultaneously . '' 
 swallowing , i tried to sound cheerful . 
 `` again , not so bad . 
 get lara to hold the piece of paper , zap them both with , um , some fire or something , and bam ! 
 instant demon reversal . '' 
 `` and they must be destroyed in the pit where the demons were raised , '' dad continued , as if i had n't said anything . 
 seriously , he had to stop doing that . 
 `` oh , and as the piece de resistance , you 'll need to do a spell to close the pit itself , with both the ritual and the witch inside it . 
 and that 's such an intense ritual that it could actually pull whatever 's around the pit into it as well . '' 
 `` like , the person doing the spell ? '' 
 `` like , the whole damn island the pit is on . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay . 
 well , that is definitely ... challenging . 
 but not impossible . 
 and we have the grimoire , that 's one bonus , right ? 
 even if the demon-raising ritual is n't in it . '' 
 `` sophia alice mercer , '' mom said warningly , just as dad said , `` atherton , '' and aislinn said , `` brannick . '' 
 i threw my hands up . 
 `` look , it does n't matter what you call me . 
 i 'll hyphenate , how about that ? 
 but listen to me . 
 i have to try , all right ? 
 for nick , and daisy , and chaston , and anna , and all the other kids they 've turned into weapons over the years . 
 please . '' 
 `` sophie 's right , '' call said , leaning forward . 
 `` if we can stop the casnoffs and turn those kids back ... would n't that be better than having to kill them ? '' 
 `` i 'm all for that , '' jenna said . 
 my parents looked at each other . 
 a moment passed between them , and then mom turned to her sister . 
 `` can you buy her some time ? 
 keep her safe until she can find the ritual and hopefully destroy it ? '' 
 `` we can , '' finley said quickly , and izzy nodded . 
 `` we 'll stay right by her . 
 even if she ca n't destroy the witch , and the spell , and the pit , she can at least do one of those things , right ? 
 that has to be worth something . '' 
 dad blew out a long breath , rubbing his hands over his face . 
 `` yes , '' he finally said . 
 `` it 's worth something . 
 it would be best if we arrive at night , do n't you think ? 
 thanks to the time difference , that 's still a ways off at graymalkin island . 
 so , dawn ? '' 
 he gave a wry smile . 
 `` again ? '' 
 and one by one , everyone nodded . 
 at dawn we 'd take the itineris back to hex hall , and we 'd finish this . 
 `` let me go tell archer , '' i said , shoving the blanket off me as i stood up . 
 outside , the wind had picked up , and it blew my hair in my face as i scanned the shore for him . 
 when i did n't see him , i poked my head into his tent . 
 he was n't there , either . 
 moving around the back of the house , i shaded my eyes against the sun , looking for a familiar dark figure among all the green and rock . 
 i saw a movement in my peripheral vision , and turned toward it , relieved . 
 but it was n't archer . 
 it was elodie , wavering in the breeze . 
 in the daylight , she was even more translucent than normal , and her red hair fluttered around her like she was underwater . 
 `` he 's gone , '' she mouthed . 
 `` he took the itineris . '' 
 stomach sinking , i asked , `` where ? '' 
 but i already knew . 
 elodie just confirmed it when she said , `` to the eye . 
 he told me to tell you he 's sorry , but he had to . '' 
 i blinked back tears that had nothing to do with the sun or the wind . 
 `` you saw him ? '' 
 `` i 've been hanging around since you got here . 
 i just was n't making myself visible . 
 but he must 've known i was here because he called me . 
 he said i did n't owe him anything , but i did owe you something . '' 
 she was so faint that it was hard to tell , but i thought i saw regret cross her face . 
 `` he was right . 
 i 'm sorry about the thing with cal . 
 it was n't fair hurting the two of you just to hurt archer . '' 
 `` apology accepted , '' i told her . 
 i was surprised to discover i meant it . 
 `` what else did he say ? '' 
 `` just that . 
 he 's going to the eye , and he 's sorry . '' 
 she screwed up her face . 
 `` oh , some weird thing about telling you that he still feels the same way about that tent , and he promises to say it to you in person next time he sees you . '' 
 i gave a bark of laughter that was more of a sob . 
 `` that asshat , '' i blubbered . 
 elodie nodded in sympathy . 
 `` such an asshat . '' 
 when i 'd left thorne abbey , i 'd held archer 's sword and had a sense that somehow things would turn out all right . 
 please , i thought . 
 the rest of my magic is back , so let me have that power , too . 
 but there was no reply except the whistling of the wind . 
 chapter 31 the next morning , we all gathered by the big rock that sheltered the itineris . 
 i was in my hex hall uniform , figuring that was the least conspicuous thing i could wear to sneak back into the school . 
 jenna was wearing the same , as were the younger brannicks . 
 both of them were pretty unhappy about it , if the way they tugged at their skirts was any indication . 
 `` you wear knee socks every day ? '' 
 izzy asked , scowling . 
 `` that 's reason enough to take this place down . '' 
 even though i was scared and worried , i chuckled . 
 `` just wait until we get there and you experience the torture that is wool in humid weather . 
 you 'll wan na sink the whole island . '' 
 `` it 's not so bad , '' call said , and jenna hooted with laughter . 
 `` yeah , says the guy who wears flannel in august . '' 
 `` okay , '' aislinn said , fastening a holster around her waist . 
 three blades of demonglass dangled from it . 
 izzy and finley had something similar strapped under their blazers , as did jenna and cal . 
 i was n't carrying any , for the obvious reason . 
 i glanced down at my still-pink fingertips . 
 at least they matched my other demonglass scar , the wide , purplish gash that cut into my palm . 
 thoughts like that helped make me less terrified of what was about to happen . '' 
 ... and let sophie get the ritual , '' aislinn was saying . 
 i had totally zoned out , and i shook my head . 
 now was not the time for daydreaming . 
 of course , we 'd gone over this plan a dozen times already . 
 we 'd go to the school . 
 aislinn and finley would draw the casnoffs out . 
 while they were doing that , izzy , jenna , cal , and i would sneak back into the house and try to find the ritual . 
 aislinn and finley would lead lara and however many of her demons she released back toward the pit . 
 i 'd meet them there with the ritual , and then , using the spell in the grimoire , destroy the casnoffs , the ritual , and the pit itself in one big destructo-blast . 
 it sounded totally simple . 
 easy even . 
 but if i 'd learned anything over the past year , it was that nothing was easy when it came to magic . 
 `` so are we all clear ? '' 
 aislinn said . 
 `` crystal , '' i sighed . 
 `` okay , finley and i will go first . 
 wait a few minutes , and then sophie , jenna , cal , and izzy follow . '' 
 `` and we 'll wait here , '' dad added , nodding toward mom . 
 last night , we 'd all made the decision that it was too dangerous for dad to come with us to graymalkin . 
 without powers , he 'd have no way of defending himself , and i 'd be too distracted worrying about him . 
 i faced both my parents and wrapped my arms around their necks , pulling them into a group hug . 
 `` i 'm going to be fine , '' i said , even though i think my shaking voice gave me away . 
 `` there will be casnoff butt kicked and all sorts of names taken . 
 and hey , maybe i 'll get some cool new scars . '' 
 both of them hugged me tighter . 
 `` we love you , soph , '' mom said . 
 `` quite right , '' dad added , and i laughed , even as my stomach twisted itself into a ball oon animal . 
 i pulled away before i could embarrass myself with more tears , and took jenna 's hand . 
 aislinn and finley were already gone . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ready , '' they all said softly . 
 i looked over my shoulder at mom and dad . 
 they still had their arms around each other 's waists , and i smiled . 
 then i stepped forward . 
 the blackness pushed down , and i felt that awful still ness inside of me . 
 and then , just like that , i was back in the grove of trees on graymalkin island . 
 i was n't sure if it was my magic being stronger , or just all the adrenaline coursing through me , but the `` landing '' did n't seem so bad this time . 
 jenna did n't have it quite so easy , but as soon as call appeared , he laid a hand on her forehead . 
 her breathing immediately slowed down , and some of the color returned to her cheeks . 
 `` thanks , '' she said with a grateful sigh . 
 from somewhere in the distance , i thought i heard a howl . 
 `` okay , you guys ready to zap again ? '' 
 i asked everyone . 
 izzy still looked a little shaky , but she readily put her hand in mine . 
 jenna took the other one , and call stepped close behind me , wrapping his arms around my waist . 
 i closed my eyes and concentrated . 
 a breath of cold air later , we were standing on the lawn of hex hall . 
 and right in the middle of what appeared it be world war i i . 
 as soon as i opened my eyes , a bolt of magic raced toward me . 
 i flung up my hand just in time to deflect it , but there was another right behind it . 
 this one struck izzy just about her left shoulder , and she cried out . 
 call was at her side in seconds , already pulling her toward the cover of the trees . 
 i tried to absorb the nightmare that was unfolding around me . 
 there were demons . 
 everywhere . 
 demon werewolves , with blood-red eyes and purplish sparks shooting off their claws . 
 demon faeries , their black wings stirring the air and blazing with unearthly light . 
 they were fighting , and at first , my eyes searched for finley and aislinn , thinking they must be in the middle of this . 
 but no , the demons were only fighting each other . 
 i shook my head , not wanting to believe what i was seeing . 
 i had only seen fifteen or so demons in the cell ar . 
 but there were dozens on the lawn , and finley and aislinn were nowhere in sight . 
 i tried to collect my scattered thoughts . 
 i needed to get into the house and to find the ritual . 
 but seeing as how a demonic faerie was currently hovering in the doorway , that was probably out of the question . 
 so i followed call and izzy into the trees , jenna behind me . 
 the four of us crouched there , taking in the hell ish scene in front of us . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 call wondered . 
 i looked at the demons as they snarled and hissed and clawed at each other . 
 `` they 're fighting , '' i murmured . 
 `` that 's the thing about demons . 
 they 're not exactly the most control able things in the universe . 
 god , i bet lara does n't even realize what she 's unleashed . '' 
 i winced as one of the demon faeries flew at a familiar figure-daisy . 
 i thought the faerie might have been nausicaa once , but it was hard to tell . 
 her formerly green wings were now a dark navy , and they appeared to have razor-sharp edges . 
 as i watched , those wings cut into daisy 's raised arms . 
 choking down my fear , i shook my head and said , `` but it does n't matter . 
 what matters is finding that ritual and the casnoffs , and - '' i broke off with a cry as something attempted to shove against me . 
 not , not against . 
 inside . 
 elodie . 
 this time , my magic shoved her right back , and her ghost fluttered a few feet from me , waving her hands . 
 `` sorry , sorry , '' she mouthed . 
 `` i was in a hurry . 
 the ritual is n't in the house . 
 it 's on lara . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she knew you were coming . 
 i do n't know how , but she did . 
 sophie , they 're all demons . 
 every kid who was here . 
 she 's turned them . '' 
 there had been over a hundred kids at the school . 
 `` where is lara ? '' 
 `` she 's at the pit . 
 there are still a few she 's working on . '' 
 i shuddered at that term : working on . 
 `` izzy , how are you ? '' 
 she was still leaning against cal , but her face was grim as she reached under her jacket and pulled out her shard of demonglass . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i doubted that , but i reached for her hand . 
 `` we 're going to use the transportation spell . 
 it 'll take us straight to the pit . 
 but when we get there ... '' i glanced around at everyone . 
 `` it 's going to be bad . 
 worse than bad , probably . '' 
 `` we 'll manage it , '' call said . 
 `` yeah , '' jenna said , smiling shakily . 
 `` we 're kind of badass in our own right . '' 
 i gripped her hand . 
 `` damn straight . '' 
 we huddled together , and even though i was exhausted from all the magic i 'd been doing , i felt the familiar rush of air . 
 i knew as soon we landed that we were in the right place . 
 my teeth and skin ached from all the magic pulsing around us . 
 i opened my eyes to see the yawning pit archer and i had visited back in the summer . 
 then , it had been nothing more than a big hole in the ground . 
 now it was blazing with a bright green light . 
 lara stood on the lip of the hole , the wrinkled piece of parchment in her hands . 
 my heart leaped at the sight of it . 
 the ritual . 
 i rose to my feet . 
 from behind me , i could hear a distant baying . 
 we probably only had a few minutes before at least a few of lara 's demons were on us . 
 across the pit , lara saw me . 
 her face was lit up in the creepy green glow , turning her smile sinister as she said , `` sophie . 
 i had a feeling we 'd see you again . '' 
 if she thought i was about to do the whole `` have a conversation with the vill ain '' thing , she was dead wrong . 
 i raised one hand while the other reached into my waistband for the grimoire . 
 one super magical destructo-blast coming up . 
 power pooled around the soles of my feet , rising up through my ankles , filling my legs and torso until it raced down my arms and crackled at my fingertips . 
 `` ah , yes , '' lara said , clutching the ritual tight to her chest . 
 `` kill me . 
 destroy the spell . 
 close the pit . 
 and then all of your little demon friends go back to normal . '' 
 i focused my powers . 
 this had to be perfect . 
 there would n't be any second chances . 
 `` pity about your family , of course . '' 
 i opened my eyes , confused . 
 then i followed lara 's gaze into the pit , and all of the magic-and blood-seemed to drain out of me . 
 there , unconscious at the bottom , were finley and aislinn . 
 chapter 32 behind me , i could hear izzy wail . 
 i looked back as jenna moved to her and hugged her , murmuring . 
 but her eyes met mine over izzy 's head , and i knew what she was thinking . 
 this was my one chance to end it . 
 to kill lara and destroy the ritual . 
 to close this god-awful pit so that no one could ever be turned into a monster again . 
 that 's what finley and aislinn would 've wanted . 
 the ends justify the means . 
 as she watched me falter , lara laughed . 
 `` you see ? 
 this is why your family was never cut out to rule . 
 always putting others before the good of your own kind . '' 
 `` that 's what this is really about , is n't it ? '' 
 i asked , and had the pleasure of watching some of the amusement drain out of her face . 
 `` you 're pissed off because daddy decided he liked his pet demons better than his own children . 
 you keep talking about everything he sacrificed , everything you gave up for this 'cause . ' 
 what all does that include , lara ? 
 your mother ? 
 i 've never heard anything about mommy casnoff . '' 
 `` you shut your mouth , '' she hissed , flicking her fingers at me . 
 i blocked the spell easily . 
 `` and mrs. casnoff was married . 
 what happened to her husband ? 
 admit it . 
 your dad took everything from you , both of you , and then he made my dad head of the council . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this is nothing more than a freaking temper tantrum with a body count , and i am done with it . 
 nobody else is dying for this . '' 
 with that , i pointed into the pit , focusing all my magic on finley and aislinn . 
 as i did , i saw a bolt of power fly from behind me , undoubtedly from cal . 
 but cal 's specialty was healing magic , and his attack spells were weak . 
 it harmlessly bounced off of lara . 
 she held both hands out toward cal , izzy , and jenna , sending out a pulse of magic that knocked all three of them back several feet . 
 i heard their pained `` whoofs '' as they landed on the ground . 
 then i saw lara shoot something else into the sky , almost like a flare , and suddenly she was gone . 
 i gritted my teeth but did n't dare break my concentration . 
 the magic coming out of the pit was so strong and so dark that it took everything i had inside of me to fight against it . 
 i did n't know if it was the pit itself holding them , or if lara had done a spell . 
 slowly , though , aislinn and finley began to move out of the pit . 
 only when they were several feet away from the edge did i use my powers to gently lower them to the ground . 
 izzy and call both went to them , izzy to fling herself on their limp bodies , call to try to bring them back to consciousness . 
 i held my breath until , finally , i saw aislinn 's eyelids flutter and finley 's fingers start to move . 
 jenna came up beside me and laid her hand on my arm . 
 `` you did the right thing , '' she said . 
 watching izzy hug her mother and sister , i knew that i had . 
 but as the crashes and howls and snarls got closer , it was hard to feel very right . 
 `` have you ever been in a demon rumble before , jenna ? '' 
 i asked . 
 hoisting her own demonglass dagger , she shook her head . 
 `` nope . 
 i have a feeling it 's going to be super violent . '' 
 `` maybe we can talk to them , '' i said , rubbing my nose with the back of my hand . 
 `` have a little sit-down chat . '' 
 `` with tea . '' 
 `` ooh , yeah , with the nice china , and those little sandwiches that do n't have crusts . '' 
 call came to stand with us . 
 aislinn and finley were getting to their feet , but i could tell they were far away from optimum brannick strength . 
 `` i do n't want to kill these kids , '' call said . 
 `` neither do i . 
 but i do n't want them to kill me , either . '' 
 `` not sure what we want is going to matter that much , '' jenna said . 
 i stared out into the trees , hearing my fate move closer . 
 and here 's the thing : i knew i was supposed to be courageous . 
 i was supposed to use my magic for as long as i could , and be all braveheart about it . 
 but i did n't want to . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 i wanted to hug my mom and dad again . 
 i wanted to see archer . 
 and i wanted to know that i 'd done more here than just delay aislinn 's and finley 's deaths by a few minutes . 
 so there was no stoic badass facing down the demon hordes . 
 there was just a teenage girl with tears streaming down her face , her two best friends on either side of her , as all kinds of hell ish creatures rushed forward . 
 i could see the silhouette of one of the demonic faeries heading our way . 
 i remembered its razor-edged wings and the way they 'd sliced into daisy 's arms , and my own arm trembled as i lifted it . 
 the magic i 'd used to get aislinn and finley out of the pit had zapped a lot of my strength , and now my powers did n't flow so much as swirl sluggishly around my feet . 
 still , i could hold them off for a little while . 
 i could hear the churning sound of the faerie 's wings as it moved closer , and shot an attack spell from my fingers . 
 but before it hit , something else snaked out and wrapped around the faerie 's ankle-a silvery whip . 
 with a shriek , the faerie fell to the ground , and my heart was suddenly racing . 
 `` oh , god , '' jenna said . 
 she did n't have to say any more . 
 jenna and i had seen that weapon before , when the eye raided a prodigium club in london . 
 `` it 's the eye , '' i said , disbelievingly . 
 and then , for probably the first time in prodigium history , a demon , a warlock , and a vampire all beamed at one another as i repeated , `` it 's the eye ! '' 
 and sure enough , streaming through the woods from the general direction of the itineris were several dudes in black . 
 `` how ? '' 
 call asked . 
 and then one of the guys in black started running toward us . 
 i guess it 's possible that it could 've been some other kind of lanky eye with dark curly hair , but i leaped at him anyway . 
 archer and i collided with enough force to knock the breath out of me , but i did n't care . 
 i could breathe later . 
 `` thought you could use some assistance , '' he said against my temple . 
 `` there are only about twenty of us-the only guys i could get to come with me . 
 but still . 
 it 's something , right ? '' 
 i held him tighter . 
 `` better than something . '' 
 but as much as i would 've loved to stay there , holding him forever , now was n't the time . 
 i pulled back and said , `` try not to kill them , okay ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at me , and i immediately lifted a hand . 
 `` do n't . 
 no time for quips . 
 just ... try to hold them off , okay ? 
 there 's still a chance we could save them . '' 
 for once in his life , archer did n't try to banter with me . 
 in fact , he did n't say anything at all . 
 he just ran off in the direction of the fighting . 
 i spun around , planning to dash off after lara . 
 but in the end , i did n't have to . 
 she was once again standing at the edge of the pit-only this time , she did n't look superior or amused . 
 and she was n't alone . 
 mrs. casnoff stood next to her , her hair still snow-white , but back in its elaborate updo . 
 she was wearing one of her hecate hall blue suits , and there was nothing blank in her face now . 
 she held one hand out , and i noticed that lara was frozen , held in some kind of spell . 
 `` this school used to be a haven for our kind , '' mrs. casnoff shouted . 
 her voice was hoarse and raw , but i could hear the echo of the woman i 'd once known . 
 `` and you 've turned it into hell on earth , lara . '' 
 `` i did this for us ! '' 
 lara shouted back . 
 `` this is what father wanted . '' 
 but mrs. casnoff was n't buying that any more than i was . 
 `` this has to end , '' she said , and there were decades of sadness in her voice . 
 she repeated , `` this has to end . '' 
 across the pit , her eyes met mine , and i knew what i had to do . 
 hands trembling , i pulled the grimoire out of the back of my skirt and flipped to the page detailing the ritual that would close this pit forever . 
 i whispered the words , but they still burned inside my mouth as i said them . 
 from within the pit , the green light began to dim . 
 `` no , '' lara said , more confused than angry . 
 she was still frozen there at the edge , arms locked against her body . 
 mrs. casnoff wrapped her arms around her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i saw her lips say . 
 once again , she looked at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she pressed her hand against her sister 's back . 
 there was one single pulse of purple light . 
 and then they both tumbled lifelessly into the pit . 
 i was openly crying now , saying the words of the spell faster and faster as the earth around us began to tremble . 
 `` sophie ! '' 
 i heard jenna scream , but i could n't move until this was finished . 
 this ritual that had made my family monsters , that had killed more people than i could count , was finally ending . 
 i was ending it . 
 i was so focused on that that i did n't even notice the ground under my feet giving way . 
 i heard someone else scream my name , maybe izzy . 
 and then i fell into the pit . 
 i landed badly and heard my ankle give with a crack . 
 pain , white-hot and icy cold all at once , shot through me , and i screamed as the grimoire slipped from my hands . 
 dirt rained down on me as the earth shook and rolled . 
 i gave one brief stab at using my magic to float me out , but the power down here was too strong . 
 my own depleted powers could n't override it . 
 i lowered my head , shaking with fear and pain , trying to tell myself that this was okay . 
 after all , i was dying for the greater good . 
 daisy , even anna and chaston , could go back to being regular kids-or witches and warlocks . 
 no one would ever be turned into a demon again . 
 i laid down on the ground , flinching away from the sight of mrs. casnoff 's lifeless eyes staring at me . 
 `` the ends justify the means , '' i murmured as the walls of the pit began to slide in . 
 when i felt a hand on my injured ankle , i shrieked , pulling my leg back even though that sent bolts of fire through me . 
 i half expected to see lara casnoff clutching me , or one of the ghouls that had once guarded this pit . 
 but it was n't either of those things . 
 it was cal . 
 as his healing magic rushed through me , and the bones of my ankle knitted themselves back together , i sat up . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i yelled over the rumbling . 
 he just shook his head and yanked me to my feet . 
 after that , everything happened so fast , and i was still so shell-shocked , that i hardly realized what he was doing until his hands were under my foot and i was being lifted into the air , hands from above pulling me up . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , even as aislinn and finley hauled me to safety . 
 the pit was coll apsing faster and faster now , and i scrabbled in the dirt at the edge , reaching a hand out to cal . 
 i summoned up every ounce of magic i had inside me , so powerful i could hear the nearby trees creaking . 
 `` out ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` get him out ! '' 
 my magic surged from me , but it was too late . 
 the ground gave one last mighty quake , and a huge crack opened up in the mouth of the pit . 
 call stumbled backward , against the far wall . 
 in that moment , his eyes met mine . 
 i lay there on my stomach , hand still outstretched , panting . 
 `` it 's okay , sophie , '' i saw his mouth say . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 there was a blinding flash of light and a sound like a mountain giving way . 
 jenna pulled me back just as the pit collapsed in on itself . 
 the entire island seemed to give a shudder , and i numbly wondered if it was from revulsion or relief . 
 and then everything was silent . 
 chapter 33 someone was shaking me . 
 `` sophie , '' a voice said in my ear . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 disoriented , i rolled over , strands of hair stuck to my damp cheeks . 
 i 'd been crying . 
 again . 
 i sat up , and for a moment , it was easy to believe the past few weeks had never happened . 
 i was back in my bedroom at the brannick compound , the early morning sun spilling in the narrow window . 
 maybe i 'd never left here , i thought woozily . 
 maybe i 'd dreamed it all . 
 but no . 
 jenna was sitting on the edge of my bed , looking worried , and archer hovered in the doorway . 
 and somewhere downstairs were my mom and dad , the brannicks , nick and daisy ... but no cal . 
 `` same dream ? '' 
 archer asked , and i nodded , scrubbing at my face with both hands . 
 ever since the night we 'd used the itineris to escape from hex hall , the whole island shaking like it was about to collapse into the ocean , i 'd been having nightmares . 
 dad said that was to be expected , given all i 'd gone through . 
 but it had been a month . 
 were they ever going to stop ? 
 `` was i screaming again ? '' 
 i asked as i tossed off the covers . 
 `` just crying , '' jenna said , her face sympathetic . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 i tried to recall the dream , but it was already slipping away . 
 call had been there again , in the pit , dirt raining down on him . 
 and mrs. casnoff , her dead eyes blank . 
 i shuddered . 
 jenna went to take my hand , but i stood up and gave her my best `` everything is fine , no , really , it is '' smile . 
 `` it was just a dream , '' i told her . 
 archer opened his mouth to say something , but i held up my hand . 
 `` just a dream , '' i repeated . 
 `` now , is everyone else already downstairs ? 
 because i do n't know about you two , but i 'm starving . '' 
 i was n't , actually . 
 the thought of food made my stomach churn , and i 'd already lost so much weight that i 'd had to use magic to shrink my clothes . 
 i moved past archer , and as i did , he laid a hand between my shoulder blades . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , mercer , '' he said in my ear , and for just a little bit , i let myself lean against him , soaking in his warmth , his presence . 
 then i straightened and said , `` come on , let 's get downstairs . 
 nick and daisy always eat all the bacon . '' 
 sure enough , by the time we reached the kitchen , there were only two slices left . 
 nick and daisy sat at the formica table , their plates nearly empty , while aislinn scrambled eggs on the stove behind them . 
 i stood in the doorway , taking that image in : a brannick , cooking breakfast for two demons . 
 who could have imagined that ? 
 nick saw me and grinned . 
 well , tried to . 
 like me-heck , like all of us-he still had that haunted look in his eyes that made friendly expressions seem sad . '' 
 ` morning , sophia . 
 i saved you a slice of bacon . 
 you too , jenna , '' he said , glancing over my shoulder . 
 his eyes flicked to my other side . 
 `` sorry , cuz , you 're out of luck . '' 
 archer gave a little snort of amusement , but there was still something wary in the set of his shoulders as he moved into the kitchen . 
 he also took the chair farthest away from nick when he sat down . 
 i was n't sure archer and nick could ever have anything approaching a normal relationship , but that was probably to be expected . 
 after all , nick 's parents had murdered archer 's , and nick had tried to kill archer not once , but twice . 
 that would definitely make for awkward family reunions in the future . 
 it also did n't help that the people who archer considered family were now determined to kill him , too . 
 `` soph ? '' 
 aislinn said , snapping me out of my thoughts . 
 `` eggs ? '' 
 `` um ... no , thanks , i 'll grab something later . '' 
 nearly everyone in the kitchen frowned at that , so to appease them , i grabbed the slice of bacon and broke it in half . 
 sitting down across from daisy , i started to chew and said , `` anything today ? '' 
 it was the same question one of us had asked every morning since we left hex hall . 
 the first few days , there had been answers . 
 `` yes , the island is still there . 
 yes , we found nick and daisy and can bring them here . 
 yes , the eye has put a price on archer 's head that could buy a small island . '' 
 that last bit archer had taken pretty hard . 
 apparently , his little squad of eyes had gone back to tell their boss lady that archer had used some kind of magical artifact to put a compulsion spell on them . 
 that was the only reason they 'd fought for prodigium . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 i 'd asked archer . 
 his eyes had slid away from mine , and he 'd given an exaggerated shrug . 
 i took that as a yes . 
 but after that , there had n't been anything . 
 no news of how the rest of the prodigium world was taking what had happened at hex hall . 
 nothing about what had happened to the other kids we 'd freed from being demons . 
 so yet again this morning , aislinn sighed and said , `` no . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` maybe that 's a good thing , '' daisy said , buttering her toast . 
 `` maybe they 've all just ... gone away . '' 
 now that she was n't a demon anymore , daisy was n't any kind of prodigium . 
 she had just been a regular kid the casnoffs had turned into a demon . 
 i understood her desire to leave all things magical behind . 
 daisy leaned over and rested her head on nick 's shoulder . 
 well , maybe not all magical things . 
 i was glad nick had daisy . 
 after everything he 'd been through , he needed her . 
 still , i had to admit there was a haunted-ness in nick 's eyes that made me wonder if , free of the casnoffs or not , he could ever really be okay . 
 outside i could hear the distant clink of metal on metal that meant finley and izzy were already up and training , and i thought about going to join them . 
 not to wield a sword or anything , but maybe to let them block some of my spells . 
 it would be good practice for them , and it would give me something to do other than sit in my room and replay that last night at hex hall over and over again . 
 i was just about to get up when dad rushed into the kitchen . 
 he was in pajamas , which was totally bizarre . 
 dad never came down to breakfast until he was completely dressed . 
 of course , his pajamas even had a little pocket and handkerchief , so maybe he felt dressed . 
 he had a sheet of paper in his hands and was staring at it , his eyes wide . 
 `` james , '' aislinn acknowledged . 
 `` you 're up kind of late this morning . 
 is grace sleeping in , too ? '' 
 dad glanced up , and i could swear he blushed . 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh . 
 yes . 
 well . 
 in any case . 
 um ... to the point at hand . '' 
 `` leave dad alone , '' i told aislinn . 
 `` his britishness is short-circuiting . '' 
 instead of being grossed out , i was weirdly happy at the thought of my parents being all ... whatever -lrb- okay , i was a little grossed out -rrb- . 
 in fact , their apparent reconciliation was maybe the one good thing to come out of this whole mess . 
 well , that and saving the world , obviously . 
 dad shook his head and held out the papers . 
 `` i did n't come down here to discuss my personal ... relations . 
 i came here because this arrived from the council this morning . '' 
 i sat back in my chair . 
 `` the council ? 
 like , the council council ? 
 but they do n't even exist anymore . 
 maybe you 're wrong . 
 maybe it 's the council for what breakfast cereals you should - '' `` sophia , '' dad said , stopping me with a look . 
 `` sorry . 
 freaked out . '' 
 he gave a little smile . 
 `` i know that , darling . 
 and to be perfectly honest , perhaps you should be . '' 
 he handed the papers to me , and i saw it was some kind of official letter . 
 it was addressed to dad , but i saw my name in the first paragraph . 
 i laid it on the table so no one would see my hands shake . 
 `` did this come by owl ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` please tell me it came - '' `` sophie ! '' 
 nearly everyone in the kitchen shouted . 
 even archer gave an exasperated , `` come on , mercer . '' 
 i took a deep breath and started to read . 
 when i got about halfway down the page , i stopped , my eyes going wide , my heart racing . 
 i looked back at dad . 
 `` are they serious ? '' 
 `` i believe that they are . '' 
 i read the words again . 
 `` holy hell weasel . '' 
 chapter 34 i got out of the car , feet crunching on the shell-and-gravel driveway , and stared at the house looming up in front of me . 
 `` well ? '' 
 dad asked , getting out of the passenger side . 
 behind me , archer and jenna got out of the backseat and came to stand on either side of me . 
 pushing my sunglasses up onto my head , i said , `` it looks better . 
 i mean , it 's still creepy as hell , but it 's back to its regular level of creepy . '' 
 hex hall shone under a fresh coat of paint , and the windows were repaired . 
 the ferns bracketing the front door were back to being a lush green , and someone had fixed the sag in the porch . 
 still , the trees around it were black , and the grass was gray . 
 `` it 'll probably never be the same , '' mom said , coming around the car to stand with dad and me . 
 heaving a sigh , i said , `` maybe that 's a good thing . '' 
 `` what do you think they 'll do with it ? '' 
 jenna asked , studying the house . 
 `` i kind of wish they 'd burn it down , '' archer said . 
 `` maybe sink the island while they 're at it . '' 
 a breeze off the sea ruffled my hair as we made our way to the house . 
 inside there was no longer that sense of decay and desiccation , but i thought the house would probably always feel a little sad . 
 or maybe that was just me . 
 we passed under the stained-glass window , and i looked up , pleased to see that everyone had their heads again , the colored glass glittering in the autumn light . 
 i could already hear the murmur of voices as we approached the ball room , and mom took my hand . 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 `` nah , '' i replied , but since i bleated it like a sheep , i doubt she was convinced . 
 all the mismatched tables where we used to eat were gone . 
 they 'd been replaced by a sea of black chairs , but all of them were empty . 
 up on the dais where the teachers had once sat were twelve chairs that probably should have been called thrones . 
 all but one of them were occupied . 
 the newly formed council all rose to their feet as i entered the room , but i immediately raised my hands . 
 `` oh , god , please do n't do that . 
 i 'm freaked out enough as it is . '' 
 one of the faeries , a huge man with emerald green wings , frowned at me . 
 `` but as heir presumptive to the head of the council , you 're afforded a certain degree of respect . '' 
 `` i can feel respected with you all sitting down . 
 honestly . '' 
 i thought they might argue some more , but in the end , they all sat down . 
 `` have you considered our offer ? '' 
 a woman asked . 
 i thought she was a witch , but it was hard to be sure . 
 instead of answering that , i took a seat in one of the black chairs . 
 `` can i ask you guys something ? '' 
 no one nodded , but i kept going anyway . 
 `` why did you pick me ? 
 i mean , sure , i 'm a demon , but so is nick . 
 why not ask him ? 
 is it because of the whole ` he once went crazy and killed a bunch of people ' thing ? '' 
 the green-winged faerie stared at me . 
 `` that is a large part of it , yes . '' 
 `` but not the only reason , '' the woman spoke up . 
 she linked her fingers , folding them in her lap , and i saw a few tiny purple sparks . 
 a witch after all . 
 `` the courage , the fortitude , the ... initiative you showed in stopping lara casnoff was very impressive . 
 especially in one so young . 
 you did n't let fear blind you to what needed to be done . '' 
 she glanced at her colleagues . 
 `` which is perhaps something we could all stand to learn . '' 
 `` now , '' a tall man with white hair said , `` have you made your - '' `` why did you fix up hex hall ? '' 
 i felt a sigh ripple through the entire council . 
 `` because , '' the witch said , `` hecate hall has always been a useful institution to us , and we have no intention of letting these ... unfortunate occurrences kill over a hundred years of tradition . 
 in the next month , all students who 've been sentenced to this school will return here , and life can go on as normal . '' 
 i wanted to laugh at that . 
 normal . 
 like life here had ever been that . 
 but still . 
 she 'd given me my answer . 
 taking a deep breath , i stood up and said , `` okay . 
 yes , i accept your offer to become head of the council . '' 
 relieved grins broke out on a few faces , but i held up my hand . 
 `` on two conditions . '' 
 the grins deflated . 
 `` i will become head of the council , but not until i 've finished school . '' 
 `` certainly , '' the witch said . 
 `` we can arrange for your transfer to prentiss immediately . '' 
 prentiss was the fancy boarding school that wealthier witches and warlocks sent their kids to . 
 it was supposedly the opposite of hex hall in nearly every way . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , i do n't mean prodigium schooling . 
 i mean real schooling . 
 college . 
 a normal , human college . '' 
 the green-winged faerie frowned . 
 `` but you still have another year before you can go to college , correct ? 
 is n't that how it works ? 
 and if you wo n't go to prentiss , then where ? 
 a human high school seems unfeasible . '' 
 another deep breath . 
 `` i know . 
 that 's my other condition . 
 i want you to reopen hex hall . 
 not as a reform school , or a place of punishment , but what it used to be . 
 a safe place . 
 a school for all prodigium who want to come here . 
 although , have to admit after the last year , there might not be many of them . 
 but we can try . 
 so those are my conditions . '' 
 i stood there , hands clasped in front of me . 
 once again , i thought of call saying , `` it 's okay . 
 it 's okay , '' as the pit closed in on him . 
 he had given his life for mine . 
 i had to make that count . 
 and he 'd loved hex hall . 
 believed in it , taken care of it , called it his home . 
 the least i could do was restore it . 
 for cal . 
 so when the witch looked straight at me and said , `` we accept , '' it was n't fear or regret or dread that shot through me . 
 it was satisfaction . 
 mom , dad , jenna , and archer were all waiting for me when i came out of the ball room . 
 before any of them could say something , i took my parents ' hands and said , `` we can talk all the way home , promise . 
 i need some alone time right now , though , okay ? '' 
 dad squeezed my hand , wrapping his other arm around mom 's waist . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` sure , '' jenna said . 
 archer nodded . 
 `` do what you need to do . '' 
 i walked past them and out onto the front porch . 
 the steps hardly creaked under my feet as i walked down onto the lawn . 
 i moved to one of the giant oak trees , leaning against it to stare at the school . 
 i was still standing there when i felt a presence at my elbow . 
 elodie floated next to me , her red hair wavering around her face . 
 `` hi , '' i said softly . 
 `` so you 're going to be the big boss lady ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to make some quippy comment , but nothing came . 
 so i just said , `` yeah . 
 i am . '' 
 she gave a little nod . 
 `` you 'll be good at it . 
 but if you ever tell anyone i said that , i 'll kill you . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 for a long moment , i watched her watching the house . 
 and then , very quietly , i said , `` if you 're ready for me to ... i do n't know , set you free or whatever , i can now . 
 at least i think i can . '' 
 elodie turned to me , her feet hovering just off the ground . 
 `` where would i go ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` would you ... '' she trailed off , and if i had n't known elodie better , i would 've sworn nervousness crossed her face . 
 then her lips moved so quickly that i could n't make out any of the words . 
 `` whoa , slow down . 
 my lip-reading skills are n't that great . '' 
 she drifted closer . 
 `` i said , if you 're staying at hex hall , then ... i want to stay , too . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` for real ? 
 you want to stay tethered to me for all eternity ? 
 because if you think for one second i 'm letting you in my body again , you 've got another think coming . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be in your body anymore , '' she said , before screwing her face up . 
 `` that sounded gross . 
 anyway , i just want to stay here . 
 for now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she threw up her hands . 
 `` because you 're my friend , okay ? 
 because helping you and your loser crew these past few weeks has been ... i do n't know , fun . 
 and way more fun than i thought i could have dead . '' 
 i was weirdly touched , so i tried to keep my voice gentle when i said , `` elodie , i get that . 
 and to be honest , the thought of you blinking out of existence makes me - '' my throat closed up , so i tried to turn it into a cough before saying , `` but i ca n't have you tethered to me forever . 
 it 's not fair to either one of us . '' 
 `` is there any way you could transfer the bond ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` all the other ghosts around this place , they 're linked to the island . 
 could you do that for me ? '' 
 i thought about it , and my powers hummed through my veins . 
 `` yeah , i could do that . 
 but , elodie , that will mean you 'll be stuck here on graymalkin island forever . 
 it 'll just be you and whatever ghosts are still hanging around this place . '' 
 elodie vanished , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` oh , come on ! '' 
 but then she reappeared several feet away , on the rise of the hill that led down to the pond . 
 waving her arm for me to follow her , she floated out of sight . 
 heaving a sigh , i climbed the hill , and as i crested the top , i had to shade my eyes against the sunlight bouncing off the water . 
 `` wow , '' i said , coming to a stop as elodie hovered next to me . 
 `` that the prettiest i 've ever seen the pond look . 
 and look , the grass does n't look so dead over - '' whatever i 'd been about to say died in my throat , and i clamped a hand over my mouth . 
 call walked along the edge of the pond . 
 well , his ghost did , at least . 
 he was so faint that i could barely make him out , but there was no mistaking his long , easy stride . 
 he knelt down and ran his hand over a patch of the gray grass , and as he did , it bled back to a vivid , emerald green . 
 he looked over at the hill where i stood , and he lifted his hand in a little wave . 
 i waved back , tears streaming down my face . 
 `` can he see me ? '' 
 i asked elodie . 
 `` or is it just you ? '' 
 `` he sees you , '' she replied . 
 then , somewhat ruefully she added , `` i do n't think he 'd give me that particular smile . '' 
 then her lips twisted into a mischievous smile . 
 `` at least not yet . 
 i do have all eternity to make call change his mind about me . '' 
 i knew she was joking , but i was serious when i said , `` take care of him , okay ? '' 
 and her face was surprisingly soft when she replied , `` i will . '' 
 in the end , releasing elodie from me and tying her to the island was a simple bit of magic . 
 but when i felt that little chain of power between us give way , i had to admit i felt more than a little sad . 
 by the time archer and jenna found me , elodie had vanished again . 
 so had cal , although the grass all around the pond was green now . 
 `` there you are , '' jenna said as she and archer appeared at the top of the hill . 
 `` yeah , sorry , '' i said , walking to stand between them . 
 `` had a lot on my mind . '' 
 `` i bet , '' archer said , wrapping an arm around my waist . 
 `` so , you told them you 'd do it . '' 
 `` i did . 
 do you think that 's dumb ? '' 
 `` i think it 's dangerous , '' he said , turning me to face him . 
 `` i think you 're crazy . 
 but dangerous and crazy are two of the things i love most about you . 
 so , no . 
 not dumb . 
 although i am disappointed that your condition for taking the job was reopening hex hall and not , i do n't know , a caribbean vacation with your boyfriend . '' 
 he lowered his head to kiss me , and jenna cleared her throat . 
 `` um , hello ? 
 pretty sure vampire sidekick should get some kind of perk , too . '' 
 archer nudged jenna 's shoulder . 
 `` tell you what , when we get back from the caribbean , she can take you to transylvania or something . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 she punched his arm , but there was affection in the gesture , and i suddenly wanted to cry all over again . 
 so i stepped back from archer and said , `` any and all vacations will have to wait until i 'm done with the school year . '' 
 when they both stared at me , i added , `` yeah , that 's the other part . 
 when they reopen hex hall ... i 'm going to stay here . 
 just for the rest of the year , '' i hurried on . 
 `` not like , for life . 
 and college was another part of the deal , so there 's that afterward . 
 but , i mean , we 'll be able to stay in touch . 
 there are all kinds of spells for that sort of thing . '' 
 jenna and archer shared a look . 
 `` why would we need to ` stay in touch ' ? '' 
 jenna asked . 
 `` well , because ... look , i ca n't ask you guys to stay at hex hall for a whole other year . 
 jenna , you have vix , and archer , you have ... actually , what do you have ? '' 
 `` you , '' he said firmly . 
 `` and a whole bunch of holy knights who want to kill me . '' 
 `` vix can visit , '' jenna said . 
 `` and the school will be a good place now , so it 's not like one more year will be torture . 
 although , '' she said , frowning , `` i will admit the place is pretty awful to look at . 
 i do n't know how we 're going to fix that . '' 
 facing the pond , staring at that green , green grass , i gave a shuddery laugh . 
 `` i do n't think we have to worry about the island , '' i said , wiping stray tears with the back of my hand . 
 `` it 's being healed . '' 
 `` well , there you have it , then , '' archer said . 
 `` vix can come for a visit , the island will eventually be a heck of a lot less depressing , and i 'm not leaving you ever again . '' 
 `` yeah , and we still have to deal with the eye being ... eyeish , and me learning to be head of the council , which will probably involve lots of boring books and - '' archer pressed his mouth to mine , effectively shutting me up and kissing the hell out of me . 
 when he pulled back , he was grinning . 
 `` and you have an arrogant , screwed-up former demon hunter who is stupidly in love with you . '' 
 `` and an angsty vampire who will walk into hell with you . 
 actually , who has walked into hell with you , '' jenna added , coming around to my other side . 
 `` and parents who love you , and who are probably making out back at the car , '' archer said , and i laughed . 
 `` so , really , '' jenna said , and looped her arm through mine , `` what more do you need ? '' 
 i looked back and forth between them , these two people i loved so much . 
 the breeze ruffled the tall grass around the pond , and i thought i could hear elodie 's laugh . 
 `` nothing , '' i told them , squeezing both their hands . 
 `` nothing . '' 
