 my eyes snapped open . 
 i wanted to scream , but there was a hand over my mouth , rough and powerful . 
 fear gripped me . 
 i lashed out at my attacker . 
 then my senses returned and i realized it was just harkat , muffling my screams so that i did n't disturb any of the sleepers in the neighbouring caravans and tents . 
 i relaxed and tapped harkat 's hand to show that i was ok . 
 he released me and stepped back , his large green eyes alive with concern . 
 he handed me a mug of water . 
 i drank deeply from it , then wiped a shaking hand across my lips and smiled weakly . 
 `` did i wake you ? '' 
 `` i was n't asleep , '' harkat said . 
 the grey-skinned little person did n't need much sleep and often went two or three nights without dozing . 
 he took the mug from me and set it down . 
 `` it was a bad one this ? 
 time . 
 you started screaming five or six ? 
 minutes ago , and only stopped now . 
 the same nightmare ? '' 
 `` is n't it always ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` the wasteworld , the wave of fire , the dragon , the ? 
 steve , '' i finished quietly . 
 i 'd been haunted by the nightmare for almost two years , screaming myself awake at least a couple of times a week . 
 in all those months i had n't told harkat about and that wretched face i always saw at the end of the nightmare . 
 as far as he knew , steve was the only monster in my dreams - i did n't dare tell him that i was as scared of myself as i was of steve leopard . 
 i swung my legs out of my hammock and sat up . 
 i could tell by the darkness that it was only three or four in the morning , but i knew i would n't be able to sleep any more . 
 the nightmare always left me shaken and wide awake . 
 rubbing the back of my neck , i found myself studying harkat out of the corner of my eye . 
 although he was n't the source of my nightmares , i could trace their origins back to him . 
 the little person had been built from the remains of a corpse . 
 for most of his newlife he had n't known who he was . 
 two years ago , mr tiny - a man of immense power , with the ability to travel through time - transported us to a barren wasteworld and sent us off on a quest to discover harkat 's previous identity . 
 we fought a variety of wild creatures and twisted monstrosities before finally fishing harkat 's original body out of the lake of souls , a holding place for damned spirits . 
 harkat used to be a vampire called kurda smahlt . 
 he 'd betrayed the vampire clan in a bid to prevent war with our blood cousins , the purple-skinned vampaneze . 
 to make up for his sins , he 'd agreed to become harkat mulds and travel back into the past to be my guardian . 
 i 'm darren shan , a vampire prince . 
 i 'm also one of the hunters of the lord of the vampaneze - a.k.a. steve leopard . 
 steve was destined to lead the vampaneze to victory over the vampires . 
 if he won , he 'd wipe us out entirely . 
 but a few of us - the hunters - had the ability to stop him before he came fully into his powers . 
 if we found and killed him before he matured , the war would be ours . 
 by helping me as harkat , kurda hoped to help the clan and prevent their destined destruction at the hands of the vampaneze . 
 in that way he could put right some of the wrongs he 'd committed . 
 having learnt the truth about harkat , we returned to our own world - rather , our owntime . 
 because what we worked out later was that the wasteworld was n't an alternative universe or earth in the past , as we 'd first thought - it was earth in the future . 
 mr tiny had given us a glimpse of what was to come if came to power . 
 harkat thought the ruined world would only come to pass if the vampaneze won the war of the scars . 
 but i knew about a prediction which i had n't shared with anybody else . 
 when the hunt for steve was finally concluded , there would be one of two possible futures . 
 in one , steve became and destroyed the world . 
 in the other future , wasme . 
 that 's why i woke in a cold sweat , to the sound of my own screams , so often . 
 it was n't just fear of the future , but fear of myself . 
 would i somehow play a part in creating the barren , twisted world i 'd seen in the future ? 
 was i damned to become a monster like steve , and wreck all that i held dear ? 
 it seemed impossible , but the uncertainties gnawed away at me all the same , prompted by the ever-repeating nightmares . 
 i spent the time before dawn chatting with harkat , small talk , nothing serious . 
 he 'd suffered terrible nightmares before finding out the truth about himself , so he knew exactly what i was going through . 
 he knew what to say to calm me down . 
 when the sun rose and the cirque camp started to come to life around us , we made an early start on our day 's chores . 
 we 'd been with the cirque du freak since returning from our gruelling quest in the wasteworld . 
 we knew nothing about what was happening in the war of the scars . 
 harkat wanted to return to vampire mountain , or at least make contact with the clan - now that he knew he had once been a vampire , he was more concerned than ever for them . 
 but i held off . 
 i did n't feel the time was right . 
 i had a hunch that we were meant to remain with the cirque , and that destiny would decide our course as and when it saw fit . 
 harkat strongly disagreed with me - we 'd had some very heated arguments about it - but he reluctantly followed my lead - though i 'd sensed recently that his patience was coming to an end . 
 we performed a variety of jobs around the camp , helping out wherever we were needed - moving equipment , mending costumes , feeding the wolf man . 
 we were handymen . 
 mr tall - the owner of the cirque du freak - had offered to find more responsible , permanent positions for us , but we did n't know when we 'd have to leave . 
 it was easier to stick to simple tasks and not get too involved in the long-term running of the show . 
 that way we would n't be missed too much when the time came to part company with the freakish folk . 
 we 'd been performing on the outskirts of a large city , in an old , run-down factory . 
 sometimes we played in a big top which we transported around with us , but mr tall always liked to take advantage of local venues whenever possible . 
 this was our fourth and final show in the factory . 
 we 'd be moving on in the morning , to pastures new . 
 none of us knew where we 'd be going yet - mr tall made those decisions and usually did n't tell us until we 'd broken camp and were already on the move . 
 we put on a typically tight , exciting show that night , built around some of the longest-serving performers - gertha teeth , rhamus twobellies , alexander ribs , truska the bearded lady , hans hands , evra and shancus von . 
 usually the vons rounded off the show , treating audiences to one final scare when their snakes slid from the shadows overhead . 
 but mr tall had been experimenting with different line-ups recently . 
 on stage , jekkus flang was juggling knives . 
 jekkus was one of the cirque helpers , like harkat and me , but tonight he 'd been billed as a star attraction and was entertaining the crowd with a display of knife tricks . 
 jekkus was a good juggler , but his act was pretty dull compared to the others . 
 after a few minutes , a man in the front row stood up as jekkus balanced a long knife on the tip of his nose . 
 `` this is rubbish ! '' 
 the man shouted , climbing on to the stage . 
 `` this is meant to be a place of magic and wonder - not juggling tricks ! 
 i could see stuff like this at any circus . '' 
 jekkus took the knife from his nose and snarled at the intruder . 
 `` get off the stage , or i 'll cut you up into tiny pieces ! '' 
 `` you do n't worry me , '' the man snorted , taking a couple of large paces over to jekkus , so they were eyeball to eyeball . 
 `` you 're wasting our time and money . 
 i want a refund . '' 
 `` insolent scum ! '' 
 jekkus roared , then lashed out with his knife and cut off the man 's left arm just below the elbow ! 
 the man screamed and grabbed for the falling limb . 
 as he was reaching for his lost forearm , jekkus struck again and cut off the man 's other arm in the same place ! 
 people in the audience erupted with panic and surged to their feet . 
 the man with the jagged stumps beneath his elbows tottered towards the edge of the stage , desperately waving his half-arms around , face white with apparent shock . 
 but then he stopped - and laughed . 
 the people in the front rows heard the laughter and stared up at the stage suspiciously . 
 the man laughed again . 
 this time his laughter carried further , and people all around relaxed and faced the stage . 
 as they watched , tiny hands grew out of the stumps of the man 's arms . 
 the hands continued to grow , followed by wrists and forearms . 
 a minute later , the man 's arms had returned to their natural length . 
 he flexed his fingers , grinned , and took a bow . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen ! '' 
 mr tall boomed , appearing suddenly on stage . 
 `` put your hands together for the fabulous , the amazing , the incrediblecormac limbs ! '' 
 everybody realized they 'd been the victims of a practical joke - the man who 'd stepped out of the audience was a performer . 
 they clapped and cheered as cormac sliced off his fingers one by one , each of which grew back quickly . 
 he could cut off any part of his body - though he 'd never tried chopping off his head ! 
 then the show finished for real and the crowd poured out , babbling with excitement , wildly discussing the mystical mysteries of the sensational cirque du freak . 
 inside , harkat and i helped with the tidying up . 
 everyone involved was vastly experienced , and we could normally clear everything away within half an hour , sometimes less . 
 mr tall stood in the shadows while we worked . 
 that was odd - he normally retired to his van after a show - but we took little notice of it . 
 you grew used to oddness when you worked with the cirque du freak ! 
 as i was stacking several chairs away , to be removed to a truck by other hands , mr tall stepped forward . 
 `` a moment , please , darren , '' he said , removing the tall red hat he wore whenever he went on stage . 
 he took a map out of the hat - the map was much larger than the hat , but i did n't question how he 'd fitted it inside - and unrolled it . 
 he held one end of the map in his large left hand and nodded for me to take the other end . 
 `` this is where we are now , '' mr tall said , pointing to a spot on the map . 
 i studied it curiously , wondering why he was showing me . 
 `` and this is where we will be going next , '' he said , pointing to a town a hundred and sixty kilometres away . 
 i looked at the name of the town . 
 my breath caught in my throat . 
 for a moment i felt dizzy and a cloud seemed to pass in front of my eyes . 
 then my expression cleared . 
 `` i see , '' i said softly . 
 `` you do n't have to come with us , '' mr tall said . 
 `` you can take a different route and meet up with us later , if you wish . '' 
 i started to think about it , then made a snap gut decision instead . 
 `` that 's ok , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll come . 
 i want to . 
 it ? 
 it 'll be interesting . '' 
 `` very well , '' mr tall said briskly , taking back the map and rolling it up again . 
 `` we depart in the morning . '' 
 with that , mr tall slipped away . 
 i felt he did n't approve of my decision , but i could n't say why , and i did n't devote much thought to it . 
 instead , i stood by the stacked-up chairs , lost in the past , thinking about all the people i 'd known as a child , especially my parents and younger sister . 
 harkat limped over eventually and waved a grey hand in front of my face , snapping me out of my daze . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked , sensing my disquiet . 
 alexander ribs stood , rapped his ribcage with a spoon and opened his mouth . 
 a loud musical note sprang out and all conversation ceased . 
 facing the boy at the head of the table , alexander sang , `` he 's green , he 's lean , snot he 's never seen , his name is shancus - happy birthday ! '' 
 everybody cheered . 
 thirty performers and helpers from the cirque du freak were seated around a huge oval table , celebrating shancus von 's eighth birthday . 
 it was a chilly april day , and most people were wrapped up warmly . 
 the table was overflowing with cakes , sweets and drinks , and we were digging in happily . 
 when alexander ribs sat down , truska - a woman who could grow her beard at will - stood and sung another birthday greeting . 
 `` the only things he fears is his mother 's flying ears , his name is shancus - happy birthday ! '' 
 merla snapped one of her ears off when she heard that and flicked it at her son . 
 he ducked and it flew high over his head , then circled back to merla , who caught and reattached it to the side of her head . 
 everyone laughed . 
 since shancus had been named in my honour , i guessed i 'd better chip in with a verse of my own . 
 thinking quickly , i stood , cleared my throat , and chanted , `` he 's scaly and he 's great , today he has turned eight , his name is shancus - happy birthday ! '' 
 `` thanks , godfather , '' shancus smirked . 
 i was n't really his godfather , but he liked to pretend i was - especially when it was his birthday and he was looking for a cool present ! 
 a few others took turns singing birthday greetings to the snake-boy , then evra stood and wrapped up the song with , `` despite the pranks you pull , your mum and i love you , pesky shancus - happy birthday ! '' 
 there was lots of applause , then the women at the table shuffled over to hug and kiss shancus . 
 he pulled a mortified expression , but i could see he was delighted by the attention . 
 his younger brother , urcha , was jealous and sat a little way back from the table , sulking . 
 their sister , lilia , was rooting through the piles of presents shancus had received , seeing if there was anything of interest to a five-year-old girl . 
 evra went to try and cheer up urcha . 
 unlike shancus and lilia , the middle von child was an ordinary human and he felt he was the odd one out . 
 evra and merla had a tough time making him feel special . 
 i saw evra slip a small present to urcha , and heard him whisper , `` do n't tell the others ! '' 
 urcha looked much happier after that . 
 he joined shancus at the table and tucked into a pile of small cakes . 
 i made my way over to where evra was beaming at his family . 
 `` eight years , '' i remarked , clapping evra on his left shoulder -lrb- some of his scales had been sliced away from his right shoulder a long time ago , and he did n't like people touching him there -rrb- . 
 `` i bet it feels like eight weeks . '' 
 `` you do n't know how right you are , '' evra smiled . 
 `` time flies when you have kids . 
 you 'll find out yourself one ? '' 
 he stopped and grimaced . 
 `` sorry . 
 i forgot . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' i said . 
 as a half-vampire , i was sterile . 
 i could never have children . 
 it was one of the drawbacks to being part of the clan . 
 `` when are you going to show the snake to shancus ? '' 
 evra asked . 
 `` later , '' i grinned . 
 `` i gave him a book earlier . 
 he thinks that 's his real present - he looked disgusted ! 
 i 'll let him enjoy the rest of the party , then hit him with the snake when he thinks the fun is over . '' 
 shancus already owned a snake , but i 'd bought a new one for him , larger and more colourful . 
 evra helped me choose it . 
 his old snake would be passed on to urcha , so both boys would have cause to celebrate tonight . 
 merla called evra back to the party - lilia had got stuck in wrapping paper and needed to be rescued . 
 i watched my friends for a minute or two , then turned my back on the festivities and walked away . 
 i wandered through the maze of vans and tents of the cirque du freak , coming to a halt near the wolf man 's cage . 
 the savage man-beast was snoring . 
 i took a small jar of pickled onions out of my pocket and ate one , smiling sadly as i remembered where my taste for pickled onions had come from . 
 that memory led to others , and i found myself looking back over the years , recalling major events , remarkable triumphs , and sickening losses . 
 the night of my blooding , when mr crepsley pumped his vampiric blood into me . 
 slowly coming to terms with my appetite and powers . 
 sam grest - the original pickled onion connoisseur . 
 my first girlfriend , debbie hemlock . 
 learning about the vampaneze . 
 the trek to vampire mountain . 
 my trials , where i 'd had to prove myself worthy of being a child of the night . 
 failing and running away . 
 the revelation that a vampire general - kurda smahlt - was a traitor , in league with the vampaneze . 
 exposing kurda . 
 becoming a prince . 
 the wolf man stirred and i walked on , not wanting to wake him . 
 my mind continued to turn over old memories . 
 kurda telling us why he 'd betrayed the clan - the lord of the vampaneze had arisen and stood poised to lead his people into war against the vampires . 
 the early years of the war of the scars , when i 'd lived in vampire mountain . 
 leaving the safety of the fortress to hunt for the vampaneze lord , accompanied by mr crepsley and harkat . 
 meeting vancha march , the third hunter - only he , mr crepsley or i could kill the vampaneze lord . 
 travelling with a witch called evanna . 
 clashing with the lord of the vampaneze , unaware of his identity until afterwards , when he 'd escaped with his protector , gannen harst . 
 i wanted to stop there - the next set of memories was the most painful - but my thoughts raced on . 
 returning to the city of mr crepsley 's youth . 
 running into debbie again - an adult now , a teacher . 
 other faces from the past - r.v. and steve leopard . 
 the former used to be an eco-warrior , a man who blamed me for the loss of his hands . 
 he 'd become a vampaneze and was part of a plot to lure my allies and me underground , where the lord of the vampaneze could kill us . 
 steve was part of that plot too , though at first i thought he was on our side . 
 steve was my best friend when we were kids . 
 we went to the cirque du freak together . 
 he recognized mr crepsley and asked to be his assistant . 
 mr crepsley refused - he said steve had evil blood . 
 later , steve was bitten by mr crepsley 's poisonous tarantula . 
 only mr crepsley could cure him . 
 i became a half-vampire to save steve 's life , but steve did n't see it that way . 
 he thought i 'd betrayed him and taken his place among the vampires . 
 he became hell-bent on revenge . 
 underground in mr crepsley 's city . 
 facing the vampaneze in a chamber steve had named the cavern of retribution . 
 me , mr crepsley , vancha , harkat , debbie and a police officer called alice burgess . 
 a huge fight . 
 mr crepsley faced the man we thought was the lord of the vampaneze . 
 he killed him . 
 but then steve killed mr crepsley by knocking him into a pit of stakes . 
 a gut-churning blow , made all the worse when steve revealed the shocking truth ? 
 he was the real lord of the vampaneze ! 
 i reached the last of the tents and stopped , gazing around , half-dazed . 
 we 'd set up camp in an abandoned football stadium . 
 it used to be the home ground of the local football team , but they 'd moved to a new , purpose-built stadium some years ago . 
 the old stadium was due to be demolished - apartment blocks were to be built over the ruins - but not for several months yet . 
 it was an eerie feeling , staring around at thousands of empty seats in the ghost stadium . 
 ghosts ? 
 that put me in mind of my next , bizarre quest with harkat , in what we now knew was a shade of the future . 
 once again i began to wonder if that ruined future world was unavoidable . 
 could i prevent it by killing steve , or was it destined to come no matter who won the war of the scars ? 
 before i got too worked up about it , someone stepped up beside me and said , `` is the party over ? '' 
 i looked around and saw the scarred , stitched-together , grey-skinned face of harkat mulds . 
 `` no , '' i smiled . 
 `` it 's winding down , but it has n't finished yet . '' 
 `` good . 
 i was afraid i 'd miss it . '' 
 harkat had been out on the streets most of the day , handing out fliers for the cirque du freak - that was one of his regular jobs every time we arrived at a new venue . 
 he stared at me with his round , green , lidless eyes . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` strange . 
 worried . 
 unsure of myself . '' 
 `` have you been out there yet ? '' 
 harkat waved a hand at the town beyond the walls of the stadium . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` are you going to go , or do you plan ? 
 to hide here until we leave ? '' 
 `` i 'll go , '' i said . 
 `` but it 's hard . 
 so many years . 
 so many memories . '' 
 this was the real reason i was so fixed on the past . 
 after all these years of travel , i 'd returned home to the town where i was born and had lived all my human life . 
 `` what if my family 's still here ? '' 
 i asked harkat . 
 `` your parents ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` and annie , my sister . 
 they think i 'm dead . 
 what if they see me ? '' 
 `` would they recognize you ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` it 's been a long time . 
 people change . '' 
 `` humans do , '' i snorted . 
 `` but i 've only aged four or five years . '' 
 `` maybe it would n't be a bad thing to ? 
 see them again , '' harkat said . 
 `` imagine their joy if they learnt that ? 
 you were still alive . '' 
 `` no , '' i said forcefully . 
 `` i 've been thinking about that ever since mr tall told me we were coming here . 
 iwant to track them down . 
 it would be wonderful for me - but terrible for them . 
 they buried me . 
 they 've done their grieving and have hopefully moved on with their lives . 
 it would n't be fair to bring back all those old pains and torments . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i agree with that , '' harkat said , `` but it 's ? 
 your decision . 
 so stay here with the cirque . 
 lay low . 
 hide . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i sighed . 
 `` this is my home town . 
 i 've got an itch to walk the streets again , see how much has changed , look for old faces that i used to know . 
 i want to find out what happened to my friends . 
 the wise thing would be to keep my head down - but when didi ever do the wise thing ? '' 
 `` and maybe trouble would find you ? 
 even if you did , '' harkat said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 harkat glanced around uneasily . 
 `` i have a strange feeling about ? 
 this place , '' he croaked . 
 `` what sort of a feeling ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's hard to explain . 
 just a feeling that this is ? 
 a dangerous place , but also the place where ? 
 we 're meant to be . 
 something 's going to happen here . 
 do n't you sense it ? '' 
 `` no - but my thoughts are all overthe place right now . '' 
 `` we 've often discussed your decision to ? 
 stay with the cirque , '' harkat reminded me , making little of the many arguments we 'd had about whether or not i should leave and seek out the vampire generals . 
 he believed i was hiding from my duty , that we should seek out the vampires and resume the hunt for the vampaneze lord . 
 `` you 're not starting that again , are you ? '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` the opposite . 
 i now think you were right . 
 if we had n't stuck with the cirque ? 
 we would n't be here now . 
 and , as i said , i think we 're ? 
 meant to be here . '' 
 i studied harkat silently . 
 `` what do you think will happen ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` the feeling is n't that specific , '' harkat said . 
 `` but if you had to guess ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 harkat shrugged awkwardly . 
 `` i think we might run into ? 
 steve leonard , or find a clue which ? 
 points towards him . '' 
 my insides tightened at the thought of facing steve again . 
 i hated him for what he 'd done to us , especially killing mr crepsley . 
 but just before he died , mr crepsley warned me not to devote my life to hatred . 
 he said it would twist me like steve . 
 so although i hungered for the chance to get even , i worried about it too . 
 i did n't know how i 'd react when i saw him again , whether i 'd be able to control my emotions or give in to blind , hateful rage . 
 `` you 're frightened , '' harkat noted . 
 `` yes . 
 but not of steve . 
 i 'm frightened of whati might do . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' harkat smiled . 
 `` you 'll be ok . '' 
 `` what if ? '' 
 i hesitated , afraid i 'd jinx myself . 
 but that was silly , so i came out with it . 
 `` whatif steve tries to use my family against me ? 
 what if he threatens my parents or annie ? '' 
 harkat nodded slowly . 
 `` i thought of that already . 
 it 's the sort of sick stunt i can ? 
 imagine him pulling . '' 
 `` what will i do if he does ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he already sucked debbie into his insane plot to destroy me - not to mention r.v. . 
 what if ? '' 
 `` easy , '' harkat soothed me . 
 `` the first thing is to find out if ? 
 they still live here . 
 if they do , we can arrange protection ? 
 for them . 
 we 'll establish a watch around their house ? 
 and guard them . '' 
 `` the two of us ca n't protect them by ourselves , '' i grunted . 
 `` but we 're not by ourselves , '' harkat said . 
 `` we have many friends in ? 
 the cirque . 
 they 'll help . '' 
 `` you think it 's fair to involve them ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they may already be involved , '' harkat said . 
 `` their destinies are tied to ours , i think . 
 that may be another reason why you felt ? 
 you had to stay here . '' 
 then he smiled . 
 `` come on - i want to get to the party before ? 
 rhamus scoffs all the cakes ! '' 
 i did n't go exploring that day . 
 i stayed at the cirque du freak and celebrated shancus 's birthday . 
 he loved his new snake , and i thought urcha was going to float away with joy when he found out shancus 's old snake was to be his . 
 the party went on longer than expected . 
 the table was loaded up with more cakes and buns , and not even the ever-hungry rhamus twobellies could finish them off . 
 afterwards we prepared for that night 's show , which went ahead smoothly . 
 i spent most of the show in the wings , studying faces in the audience , looking for old neighbours and friends . 
 but i did n't see anybody i recognized . 
 the next morning , while most of the cirque folk were sleeping , i slipped out . 
 although it was a bright day , i wore a light anorak over my clothes , so i could pull the hood up and mask my face if i had to . 
 i walked rapidly , thrilled to be back . 
 the streets had changed a lot - new shops and offices , many redecorated or redesigned buildings - but the names were the same . 
 i ran into memories on every block . 
 the shop where i bought my football boots . 
 mum 's favourite clothes boutique . 
 the cinema where we 'd taken annie to her first film . 
 the newsagent where i shopped for comics . 
 i wandered through a vast complex which used to be my favourite computer arcade . 
 it was under new ownership and had grown beyond recognition . 
 i tried out some of the games , and smiled as i remembered how excited i 'd get when i 'd come here on a saturday and blast away a few hours on the latest shoot - 'em - up . 
 moving away from the central shopping area , i visited my favourite parks . 
 one was now a housing estate but the other was unchanged . 
 i saw a groundsman tending to a bed of flowers - old william morris , my friend alan 's grandfather . 
 william was the first person from the past i 'd seen . 
 he had n't known me very well , so i was able to walk right past him and study him up-close without fear of being spotted . 
 i wanted to stop and chat with alan 's grandfather , and ask for news about alan . 
 i was going to tell him that i was one of alan 's friends , that i 'd lost touch with him . 
 but then i remembered that alan was now an adult , not a teenager like me . 
 so i walked on , silent , unobserved . 
 i was anxious to check out my old house . 
 but i did n't feel ready - i trembled with nerves every time i thought about it . 
 so i wandered through the centre of town , past banks , shops , restaurants . 
 i caught glimpses of half-remembered faces - clerks and waiters , a few customers - but nobody i 'd known personally . 
 i had a bite to eat in a cafe . 
 the food was n't especially good , but it had been dad 's favourite place - he often brought me here for a snack while mum and annie were doing damage in the shops . 
 it was nice to sit in the familiar surroundings and order a chicken and bacon sandwich , like in the old days . 
 after lunch , i strolled past my original school - a really eerie feeling ! 
 a new wing had been added , and there were iron railings around the perimeter , but apart from that it looked just the way i remembered . 
 lunch break was ending . 
 i watched from underneath the shadows of a tree while the students filed back into class . 
 i saw some teachers too . 
 most were new , but two caught my attention . 
 one was mrs mcdaid . 
 she 'd taught languages , mostly to older students . 
 i 'd had her for half a term when my regular teacher was on a leave of absence . 
 i 'd been much closer to the other teacher - mr dalton ! 
 i 'd had him for english and history . 
 he 'd been my favourite teacher . 
 he was chatting with some of his students as he entered class after lunch , and by their smiles i saw he was still as popular as ever . 
 it would have been great to catch up with mr dalton . 
 i was seriously thinking about waiting for school to finish , then going to see him . 
 he 'd know what had happened to my parents and annie . 
 i need n't tell him i was a vampire - i could say i had an anti-ageing disease , which kept me looking young . 
 explaining away my `` death '' would be tricky , but i could cook up some suitable story . 
 one thing held me back . 
 a few years ago , in mr crepsley 's home city , i 'd been branded a killer by the police , and my name and photo had been flashed all over the tv and newspapers . 
 what if mr dalton had heard about that ? 
 if he knew i was alive , and thought i was a murderer , he might alert the authorities . 
 safer not to take the risk . 
 so i turned my back on the school and slowly walked away . 
 it was only then that it struck me that mr dalton would n't be the only one who might have picked up on the `` darren shan - serial killer ! '' 
 hysteria . 
 what if my parents had heard about it ! 
 mr crepsley 's city was in a different part of the world , and i was n't sure how much news travelled between the two countries . 
 but it was a possibility . 
 i had to sit down on a street bench while i considered that horrific potential . 
 i could only begin to imagine how shocking it would have been if , years after they 'd buried me , mum and dad had spotted me on the news , under a caption branding me a killer . 
 how had i never thought about it before ? 
 this could be a real problem . 
 as i 'd told harkat , i did n't intend going to see my family - too painful for everyone . 
 but if they already knew i was alive , and were living with the misbelief that i was a killer , i 'd have to set the record straight . 
 but what if theydid n't know ? 
 i had to do some research . 
 i 'd passed a brand new , ultra-modern library earlier that morning . 
 hurrying back to it , i asked a librarian for assistance . 
 i said i was doing a school project and had to pick some local story from the last three years to write about . 
 i asked to examine all the issues of the main local paper , as well as the national paper which my mum and dad used to read . 
 i figured , if word of my exploits in mr crepsley 's city had spread this far , there 'd be a mention of me in one of those two papers . 
 the librarian was happy to help . 
 she showed me where the microfiche were stored , and how to use them . 
 once i 'd got the knack of getting them up on screen and scanning from one page to the next , she left me to my own devices . 
 i started with the earliest editions of the national paper , from a few months before i ran into trouble with the law . 
 i was looking for any mention of mr crepsley 's city and the killers plaguing it . 
 i made quick time , glancing only at the international sections . 
 i found a couple of references to the murders - and they were both mocking ! 
 apparently journalists here were amused by the vampire rumours which had swept the city , and the story was treated as light entertainment . 
 there was a short piece in one issue , relaying the news that the police had caught four suspects , and then carelessly let all four escape . 
 no names , and no mention of the people steve had killed when he broke out . 
 i was relieved but angered at the same time . 
 i knew the pain the vampaneze had brought to that city , the lives they 'd destroyed . 
 it was n't right that such a grim story should be turned into the stuff of funny urban legends , simply because it happened in a city far away from where these people lived . 
 they would n't have found it so amusing if the vampaneze had struck here ! 
 i made a quick check on issues from the next few months , but the paper had dropped the story after news of the escape . 
 i turned to the local paper . 
 this was slower going . 
 the main news was at the front , but local interest stories were scattered throughout . 
 i had to check most of the pages of each edition before i could move on to the next . 
 although i tried not to dwell on articles unrelated to me , i could n't stop myself from skimming the opening paragraphs of the more interesting stones . 
 it was n't long before i was catching up with all the news - elections , scandals , heroes , villains ; policemen who 'd been highly commended , criminals who 'd given the town a bad name ; a big bank raid ; coming third in a national tidy towns competition . 
 i saw photographs and read clips about several of my school friends , but one in particular stood out - tom jones ! 
 tommy was one of my best friends , along with steve and alan morris . 
 we were two of the best footballers in our class . 
 i was the goal-scorer , leading the line up front , while tommy was the goal-stopper , pulling off spectacular saves . 
 i 'd often dreamt of going on to be a professional footballer . 
 tommy had taken that dream all the way and become a goalkeeper . 
 there were dozens of photos and stones about him . 
 tom jones -lrb- he 'd shortened the `` tommy '' -rrb- was one of the best keepers in the country . 
 lots of articles poked fun at his name - there was also a famous singer called tom jones - but nobody had anything bad to say about tommy himself . 
 after working his way up through the amateur ranks , he 'd signed for a local team , made a name for himself , then played abroad for five years . 
 now he was back home , part of the best team in the country . 
 in the most recent editions , i read how local football fans were buzzing with excitement at the prospect of this years cup semi-final - it was being held in our town , and tommy 's team was in it . 
 of course , they 'd have been a lot happier if their own team had qualified , but this was the next best thing . 
 reading about tommy brought a smile to my face - it was great to see one of my friends doing so well . 
 the other good news was that there was no mention of me . 
 since this was quite a small town , i was sure word would have spread if anyone had heard about me in connection with the killings . 
 i was in the clear . 
 the house took my breath away . 
 it had n't changed . 
 same colour door , same style curtains , same small garden out the back . 
 as i stood gazing at it , gripping the top of the fence , i almost expected a younger version of myself to come bounding out the back door , clutching a pile of comics , on his way over to steve 's . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 someone asked behind me . 
 my head snapped round and my eyes cleared . 
 i did n't know how long i 'd been standing there , but by my white knuckles , i guessed it had been a few minutes at least . 
 an elderly woman was standing close by , studying me suspiciously . 
 rubbing my hands together , i smiled warmly . 
 `` just looking , '' i said . 
 `` at what , precisely ? '' 
 she challenged me , and i realized how i must appear to her - a rough-faced teenager , gazing intently into a deserted back yard , checking out the house . 
 she thought i was a burglar casing the joint ! 
 `` my name 's derek shan , '' i said , borrowing an uncle 's first name . 
 `` my cousins lived here . 
 in fact , they still might . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 i 'm in town to see some friends , and i thought i 'd pop over and find out if my relatives were here or not . '' 
 `` you 're related to annie ? '' 
 the woman asked , and i shivered at the mention of the name . 
 `` yes , '' i said , fighting hard to keep my voice steady . 
 `` and dermot and angela . '' 
 my parents . 
 `` do they still live here ? '' 
 `` dermot and angela moved away three or four years ago , '' the woman said . 
 she stepped up beside me , at ease now , and squinted at the house . 
 `` they should have left sooner . 
 that was never a happy house , not since their boy died . '' 
 the woman looked sideways at me . 
 `` you know about that ? '' 
 `` i remember my dad saying something , '' i muttered , ears turning red . 
 `` i was n't living here then , '' the woman said . 
 `` but i 've heard all about it . 
 he fell out of a window . 
 the family stayed on , but it was a miserable place after that . 
 i do n't know why they stuck around so long . 
 you ca n't enjoy yourself in a house of bitter memories . '' 
 `` but they did stay , '' i said , `` until three or four years ago ? 
 and then moved on ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 dermot had a mild heart attack . 
 he had to retire early . '' 
 `` heart attack ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` is he ok ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the woman smiled at me . 
 `` i said it was mild , did n't i ? 
 but they decided to move when he retired . 
 left for the coast . 
 angela often said she 'd like to live by the sea . '' 
 `` what about annie ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` did she go with them ? '' 
 `` no . 
 annie stayed . 
 she still lives here - her and her boy . '' 
 `` boy ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` her son . '' 
 the woman frowned . 
 `` are you sure you 're a relative ? 
 you do n't seem to know much about your own family . '' 
 `` i 've lived abroad most of my life , '' i said truthfully . 
 `` oh . '' 
 the woman lowered her voice . 
 `` actually , i suppose it 's not the sort of thing you talk about in front of children . 
 what age are you , derek ? '' 
 `` sixteen , '' i lied . 
 `` then i guess you 're old enough . 
 my name 's bridget , by the way . '' 
 `` hello , bridget . '' 
 i forced a smile , silently willing her to get on with the story . 
 `` the boy 's a nice enough child , but he 's not really a shan . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` he was born out of wedlock . 
 annie never married . 
 i 'm not even sure anyone except her knows who the father is . 
 angela claimed they knew , but she never told us his name . '' 
 `` i guess lots of women choose not to marry these days , '' i sniffed , not liking the way bridget was talking about annie . 
 `` true , '' bridget nodded . 
 `` nothing wrong with wanting the child but not the husband . 
 but annie was on the young side . 
 she was just sweet sixteen when the baby was born . '' 
 bridget was glowing , the way gossips do when they 're telling a juicy story . 
 i wanted to snap at her , but it was better to hold my tongue . 
 `` dermot and angela helped rear the baby , '' bridget continued . 
 `` he was a blessing in some ways . 
 he became a replacement for their lost son . 
 he brought some joy back into the house . '' 
 `` and now annie looks after him by herself ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . 
 angela came back a lot during the first year , for weekends and holidays . 
 but now the boy 's more independent , annie can cope by herself . 
 they get along as well as most , i guess . '' 
 bridget glanced at the house and sniffed . 
 `` but they could do with giving that old wreck a slap of paint . '' 
 `` i think the house looks fine , '' i said stiffly . 
 `` what do sixteen-year-old boys know about houses ? '' 
 bridget laughed . 
 then she bid me good day and went about her business . 
 i was going to call her back , to ask when annie would be home . 
 but then i decided not to . 
 just as easy - and more exciting - to wait out here and watch for her . 
 there was a small tree on the other side of the road . 
 i stood by it , hood up over my head , checking my watch every few minutes as though i was waiting to meet somebody . 
 the street was quiet and not many people passed . 
 the day darkened and dusk set upon the town . 
 there was a bite in the air but it did n't trouble me - half-vampires do n't feel the cold as much as humans . 
 i thought about what bridget had said while i was waiting . 
 annie , a mother ! 
 hard to believe . 
 she 'd been a kid herself the last time i saw her . 
 from what bridget said , annie 's life had n't been the easiest . 
 being a mother at sixteen must have been rough . 
 but it sounded like she had things under control now . 
 a light went on in the kitchen . 
 a woman 's silhouette passed from one side to the other . 
 then the back door opened and my sister stepped out . 
 there was no mistaking her . 
 taller , with long brown hair , much plumper than she 'd been as a girl . 
 but the same face . 
 the same sparkling eyes , and lips which were ready to turn up into a warm-hearted smile at a moment 's notice . 
 i stared at annie as though in a trance . 
 i was n't able to tear my eyes away . 
 i was trembling , and my legs felt like they were about to give way , but i could n't turn my gaze aside . 
 annie walked to a small washing line in the back yard , from which a boy 's clothes were hanging . 
 she blew into her hands to warm them , then reached up and took the clothes down , one garment at a time , folding each over the crook of her left arm . 
 i stepped forward and opened my mouth to call her name , all thoughts of not announcing myself forgotten . 
 this was annie - my sister ! 
 ihad to talk to her , hold her again , laugh and cry with her , catch up on the past , ask about mum and dad . 
 but my vocal chords would n't work . 
 i was choked up with emotion . 
 all i managed was a thin croak . 
 closing my mouth , i walked across the road , slowing as i came to the fence . 
 annie had gathered all the clothes from the line and was returning to the kitchen . 
 i gulped deeply and licked my lips . 
 blinked several times in quick succession to clear my head . 
 opened my mouth again ? ? 
 and stopped when a boy inside the house shouted , `` mum ! 
 i 'm home ! '' 
 `` about time ! '' 
 annie yelled in reply , and i could hear the love in her voice . 
 `` i thought i told you to bring in the clothes . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 wait a sec ? '' 
 i saw the boy 's shadow as he entered the kitchen and hurried over to the back door . 
 then he emerged , a chubby boy , fair-haired , very pleasant looking . 
 `` do you want me to take some of those ? '' 
 the boy said . 
 `` my hero , '' annie laughed , handing half of the load over to the boy . 
 he went in ahead of her . 
 she turned to shut the door and caught a glimpse of me . 
 she paused . 
 it was quite dark . 
 the light was behind her . 
 she could n't see me very well . 
 but if i stood there long enough ? 
 if i called out to her ? 
 i did n't . 
 instead i coughed , pulled my hood tight around my face , spun and walked away . 
 i heard the door close behind me , and it was like the sound of a sharp blade slicing me adrift from the past . 
 annie had her own life . 
 a son . 
 a home . 
 probably a job . 
 maybe a boyfriend or somebody special . 
 it would n't be fair if i popped up , opening old wounds , making her part of my dark , twisted world . 
 she enjoyed peace and a normal life - much better than what i had to offer . 
 i could n't bear to talk to anybody that night . 
 i sat by myself in a seat high up in the football stadium while the show was in progress , thinking about annie and her child , mum and dad , all that i 'd lost and missed out on . 
 for the first time in years i felt angry with mr crepsley for blooding me . 
 i found myself wondering what life would be like if he 'd left me alone , wishing i could go back and change the past . 
 but there was no point tormenting myself . 
 the past was a closed book . 
 i could do nothing to alter it , and was n't even sure i would if i could - if i had n't been blooded , i would n't have been able to tip the vampires off about kurda smahlt , and the entire clan might have fallen . 
 if i 'd returned home ten or twelve years earlier , my feelings of loss and anger might have been stronger . 
 but i was an adult now , in all but looks . 
 a vampire prince . 
 i 'd learnt to deal with heartache . 
 that was n't an easy night . 
 tears flowed freely . 
 but by the time i drifted off to sleep a few hours before dawn , i 'd resigned myself to the situation , and knew there would be no fresh tears in the morning . 
 i was stiff with the cold when i awoke , but worked it off by jogging down the tiers of the stadium to where the cirque was camped . 
 as i was making for the tent i shared with harkat , i spotted mr tall . 
 he was standing by an open fire , roasting sausages on a spit . 
 he beckoned me over and threw a handful of sausages to me , then speared a fresh batch and stuck them over the flames . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , eagerly munching the piping-hot sausages . 
 `` i knew you would be hungry , '' he replied . 
 he looked at me steadily . 
 `` you have been to see your sister . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 it did n't surprise me that he knew . 
 mr tall was an insightful old owl . 
 `` did she see you ? '' 
 mr tall asked . 
 `` she saw me briefly , but i left before she got a good look . '' 
 `` you behaved correctly . '' 
 he turned the sausages over and spoke softly . 
 `` you are about to ask me if i will help protect your sister . 
 you fear for her safety . '' 
 `` harkat thinks something 's going to happen , '' i said . 
 `` he 's not sure what , but if steve leopard 's part of it , he might use annie to hurt me . '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' mr tall said . 
 i was surprised by his directness - normally he was very cagey when it came to revealing anything about the future . 
 `` as long as you stay out of her life , your sister will be under no direct threat . '' 
 `` what aboutin direct threat ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 mr tall chuckled . 
 `` we are all under indirect threat , one way or another . 
 harkat is correct - this is a time and place of destiny . 
 i can say no more about it , except leave your sister alone . 
 she is safe that way . '' 
 `` ok , '' i sighed . 
 i was n't happy about leaving annie to fend for herself , but i trusted hibernius tall . 
 `` you should sleep some more now , '' mr tall said . 
 `` you are tired . '' 
 that sounded like a good plan . 
 i scoffed another sausage , turned to leave , then stopped . 
 `` hibernius , '' i said without facing him , `` i know you ca n't tell me what 's going to happen , but before we came here , you said i did n't have to come . 
 it would have been better if i 'd stayed away , would n't it ? '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 i did n't think he was going to respond . 
 but then , softly , he said , `` yes . '' 
 `` what if i left now ? '' 
 `` it is too late , '' mr tall said . 
 `` your decision to return set a train of events in motion . 
 that train can not be derailed . 
 if you left now , it would only serve the purpose of the forces you oppose . '' 
 `` but what if ? '' 
 i said , turning to push the issue . 
 but mr tall had disappeared , leaving only the flickering flames and a stick speared with sausages lying on the grass next to the fire . 
 that evening , after i 'd rested and enjoyed a filling meal , i told harkat about my trip home . 
 i also told him about my short conversation with mr tall and how he 'd urged me not to get involved with annie . 
 `` then you were right , '' harkat grunted . 
 `` i thought you should involve yourself with ? 
 your family again , but it seems i was wrong . '' 
 we were feeding scraps of meat to the wolf man , part of our daily chores . 
 we stood at a safe distance from his cage , all too aware of the power of his fearsome jaws . 
 `` what about your nephew ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` any family resemblance ? '' 
 i paused , a large sliver of meat in my right hand . 
 `` it 's strange , but i did n't think of him as that until now . 
 i just thought of him as annie 's son . 
 i forgot that also makes him my nephew . '' 
 i grinned crookedly . 
 `` i 'm an uncle ! '' 
 `` congratulations , '' harkat deadpanned . 
 `` did he look like you ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i said . 
 i thought of the fair-haired , chubby boy 's smile , and how he 'd helped annie bring in the washing . 
 `` a nice kid , from what i saw . 
 handsome , of course , like all the shans . '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 harkat snorted . 
 i was sorry i had n't taken more notice of annie 's boy . 
 i did n't even know his name . 
 i thought about going back to ask about him - i could hang about and collar bridget the gossip again - but dismissed the idea immediately . 
 that was precisely the kind of stunt which could backfire and bring me to annie 's notice . 
 best to forget about him . 
 as we were finishing off , i saw a young boy watching us from behind a nearby van . 
 he was studying us quietly , taking care not to attract attention . 
 in the normal run of things , i 'd have ignored him - children often came nosing around the cirque site . 
 but my thoughts were on my nephew and i found myself more interested in the boy than i 'd otherwise have been . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 i shouted , waving at him . 
 the boy 's head instantly vanished behind the van . 
 i would have left it , but moments later the boy stepped out and walked towards us . 
 he looked nervous - understandable , since we were in the presence of the snarling wolf man - but he was fighting hard not to show it . 
 the boy stopped a few metres away and nodded curtly . 
 `` hello , '' he mumbled . 
 he was scrawny . 
 he had dark blond hair and bright blue eyes . 
 i put his age at somewhere in the region of ten or eleven , maybe a little bit older than annie 's kid , though there could n't have been much of an age difference . 
 for all i knew they might even be going to school together ! 
 the boy said nothing after greeting us . 
 i was thinking about my nephew and comparing this boy to him , so i said nothing either . 
 harkat finally broke the silence . 
 `` hi , '' he said , lowering the mask he wore to filter out air , which was poisonous to him . 
 `` i 'm harkat . '' 
 `` darius , '' the boy said , nodding at harkat , not offering to shake hands . 
 `` and i 'm darren , '' i smiled . 
 `` you two are with the freak show , '' darius said . 
 `` i saw you yesterday . '' 
 `` you 've been here before ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` a couple of times . 
 i 've never seen a freak show before . 
 i tried buying a ticket but nobody will sell me one . 
 i asked the tall guy - he 's the owner , is n't he ? 
 - but he said it was n't suitable for children . '' 
 `` it is a bit on the gruesome side , '' i said . 
 `` that 's why i want to see it , '' he grunted . 
 i laughed , remembering what i 'd been like at his age . 
 `` tell you what , '' i said . 
 `` why do n't you walk around with us ? 
 we can show you some of the performers and tell you about the show . 
 if you still want a ticket , maybe we can sort one out for you then . '' 
 darius squinted at me suspiciously , then at harkat . 
 `` how do i know i can trust you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you might be a pair of kidnappers . '' 
 `` oh , you have my word we wo n't ? 
 kidnap you , '' harkat purred , treating darius to his widest grin , displaying his grey tongue and sharp , pointed teeth . 
 `` we might feed you to the wolf man ? 
 but we wo n't kidnap you . '' 
 darius yawned to show he was n't impressed by the theatrical threat , then said , `` what the hell , i 've nothing better to do . '' 
 then he tapped his foot and raised an eyebrow impatiently . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` i 'm ready ! '' 
 we walked darius around the site and introduced him to rhamus twobellies , cormac limbs , hans hands and truska . 
 cormac was busy and did n't have time to show the boy how he could re-grow his limbs , but truska sprouted a short beard for him , then sucked the hairs back into her face . 
 darius acted like he was n't impressed , but i could see the wonder in his eyes . 
 darius was strange . 
 he did n't say much , and kept his distance , always a couple of metres away from harkat and me , as though he still did n't trust us . 
 he asked lots of questions about the performers and the cirque du freak , which was normal . 
 but he did n't ask anything about me , where i was from , how i 'd come to join the show or what my tasks involved . 
 he did n't ask about harkat either . 
 the grey-skinned , stitched-together little person was like nothing most people had ever seen . 
 it was common for newcomers to pump him for information . 
 but darius seemed uninterested in harkat , as if he already knew everything about him . 
 he also had a way of staring at me oddly . 
 i 'd catch him looking at me , when he thought my attention was elsewhere . 
 it was n't a threatening look . 
 there was just something about the flickering of his eyes that for some reason unsettled me . 
 harkat and i were n't hungry , but when we passed one of the open campfires and saw a pot of bubbling soup , i heard darius 's stomach rumble . 
 `` want to eat ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm having dinner when i go home , '' he said . 
 `` how about a snack , to keep you going ? '' 
 he hesitated , then licked his lips and nodded quickly . 
 `` but just a small bowl of soup , '' he snapped , as though we meant to force-feed him . 
 while darius was downing the soup , harkat asked if he lived nearby . 
 `` not far off , '' he answered vaguely . 
 `` how did you find out ? 
 about the show ? '' 
 darius did n't look up . 
 `` a friend of mine - oggy bas - was here . 
 he was going to take some seats - we often come here when we want seats or railings . 
 it 's easy to get in and nobody cares what we take . 
 he saw the circus tent and told me . 
 i thought it was an ordinary circus until i came exploring yesterday . '' 
 `` what sort of a name is oggy bas ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oggy 's short for augustine , '' darius explained . 
 `` did you tell oggy what the cirque du ? 
 freak really was ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` nah , '' darius said . 
 `` he 's got a big mouth . 
 he 'd tell everybody and they 'd all come . 
 i like being the only one who knows about it . '' 
 `` so you 're a boy who knows how to keep a secret , '' i chuckled . 
 `` of course , the downside is that since nobody knows you 're here , if wedid kidnap you or feed you to the wolf man , nobody would know where to look . '' 
 i was joking , but darius reacted sharply . 
 he half-bolted to his feet , dropping the unfinished bowl of soup . 
 acting instinctively , i snatched for the bowl , and with my vampire speed i caught it before it hit the ground . 
 but darius thought i meant to strike him . 
 he threw himself backwards and roared , `` leave me alone ! '' 
 i took a surprised step back . 
 the other people around the fire were gawping at us . 
 harkat 's green eyes were on darius , and there was more than just surprise in his expression - he looked wary too . 
 `` easy , '' i half-laughed , lowering the bowl , then raising my hands in a gesture of friendship . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 darius sat up . 
 he was blushing angrily . 
 `` i 'm ok , '' he mumbled , getting to his feet . 
 `` what 's wrong , darius ? '' 
 harkat asked quietly . 
 `` why so edgy ? '' 
 `` i 'm ok , '' darius said again , glaring at harkat . 
 `` i just do n't like people saying stuff like that . 
 it 's not funny , creatures like you making threats like that . '' 
 `` i did n't mean it , '' i said , ashamed for having frightened the boy . 
 `` how about i get a ticket to tonight 's show for you , to make up for scaring you ? '' 
 `` i ai n't scared , '' darius growled . 
 `` of course you are n't , '' i smiled . 
 `` but would you like a ticket anyway ? '' 
 darius pulled a face . 
 `` how much are they ? '' 
 `` it 's free , '' i said . 
 `` courtesy of the house . '' 
 `` ok then . '' 
 that was as close as darius got to saying thanks . 
 `` would you like one for oggy too ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' darius said . 
 `` he would n't come . 
 he 's a scaredy cat . 
 he does n't even watch horror movies , not even the really old and boring ones . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' i said . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll be back in a couple of minutes . '' 
 i tracked down mr tall . 
 when i told him what i wanted , he frowned and said all the tickets for tonight 's show had been sold . 
 `` but surely you can find a spare one somewhere , '' i laughed . 
 there was always lots of space in the aisles and it was usually never a problem to stick in a few extra chairs . 
 `` is it wise , inviting a child to the show ? '' 
 mr tall asked . 
 `` children tend to fare unfavourably here . 
 yourself , steve leonard , sam grest . '' 
 sam was a boy who 'd had a fatal run-in with the wolf man . 
 he was the first person i 'd drunk blood from . 
 part of his spirit - not to mention his taste for pickled onions ! 
 - still lived on within me . 
 `` why mention sam ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 i could n't remember the last time mr tall had made a reference to my long-dead friend . 
 `` no reason in particular , '' mr tall said . 
 `` i just think this is a dangerous place for children . '' 
 then he produced a ticket out of thin air and handed it to me . 
 `` give it to the boy if you wish , '' he grumbled , as if i 'd squeezed an inconvenient favour out of him . 
 i walked back slowly to darius and harkat , wondering why mr tall had behaved in such a curious manner . 
 had he been trying to warn me not to let darius get too closely involved with the cirque du freak ? 
 was darius like sam grest , eager to leave home and travel around with a band of magical performers ? 
 by inviting him to the show , was i setting him up for a fall like sam 's ? 
 i found darius standing where i 'd left him . 
 he did n't look like he 'd moved a muscle . 
 harkat was on the other side of the fire , keeping a green eye on the boy . 
 i hesitated before giving darius his ticket . 
 `` what do you think of the cirque du freak ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's ok , '' he shrugged . 
 `` how would you feel about joining ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if there was an opening , and you had the chance to leave home , would ? '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 he snapped before i finished . 
 `` you 're happy at home ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` you do n't want to travel around the world ? '' 
 `` not with you lot . '' 
 i smiled and gave him the ticket . 
 `` that 's ok then . 
 the show starts at ten . 
 will you be able to come ? '' 
 `` of course , '' darius said , pocketing the ticket without looking at it . 
 `` what about your parents ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'll go to bed early , then sneak out , '' he said , and giggled slyly . 
 `` if you 're caught , do n't tell them about us , '' i warned him . 
 `` as if ! '' 
 he snorted , then waved sharply and left . 
 he looked at me one final time before he passed out of sight , and again there was something odd about his gaze . 
 harkat walked around the fire and stared after the boy . 
 `` a strange kid , '' i commented . 
 `` more than just strange , '' harkat murmured . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't like him , '' harkat said . 
 `` he was a bit sullen , '' i agreed , `` but lots of kids his age are like that . 
 i was that way myself when i first joined the cirque du freak . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 harkat 's eyes were full of doubt . 
 `` i did n't buy his story about his ? 
 friend , oggy . 
 if he 's such a scaredy cat , what was he ? 
 doing exploring up here by himself ? '' 
 `` you 're getting suspicious in your old age , '' i laughed . 
 harkat shook his head slowly . 
 `` you did n't pick up on it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` when he accused us of threatening him , he said ? 
 ` creatures like you ' . '' 
 so ? 
 harkat smiled thinly . 
 `` i 'm quite obviouslynot human . 
 but what tipped him off to the fact ? 
 thatyou are n't either ? '' 
 harkat and i were n't sure what to make of darius . 
 it seemed unlikely that the vampaneze would recruit children . 
 but there was the twisted mind of their leader , steve leopard , to take into account . 
 this could be one of his evil , hate-fuelled games . 
 we decided to take the boy to one side when he came to the show , and pump him for information . 
 we would n't resort to torture or anything so drastic - just try to scare a few answers out of him . 
 we were supposed to help the performers get ready for the show , but we told mr tall we were busy and he assigned our tasks to other members of the troupe . 
 if he knew about our plans for darius , he did n't say so . 
 there were two entrances to the big top . 
 shortly before the audience started to arrive , harkat and i each took up a position close to one of the entry points , where we could watch for darius . 
 i was still worried about being recognized by somebody who 'd known me in the past , so i stood in the shadows beside the entrance , disguised in a set of harkat 's blue robes , the hood pulled up to hide my face . 
 i watched silently as the early birds trickled in , handing their tickets to jekkus flang -lrb- mr tall was on the other entrance -rrb- . 
 with every third or fourth customer , jekkus threw their ticket into the air , then launched a knife at it , spearing it through the middle and pinning it to a nearby post . 
 as the trickle of people turned into a steady stream , and jekkus pinned more and more tickets to the pole , the tickets and knives took on the outline of a hanged man . 
 people chuckled edgily when they realized what jekkus was doing . 
 a few paused to commend him on his knife-throwing skills , but most hurried past to their seats , some glancing backwards at the figure of the hanged man , perhaps wondering if it was an omen of things to come . 
 i ignored the hanged man - i 'd seen jekkus perform this trick many times before - and focused on the faces in the crowd . 
 it was hard to note everybody who passed in the crush , especially short people . 
 even if darius entered this way , there was no guarantee i 'd spot him . 
 towards the end of the line , as the last members of the audience were filing in , jekkus gave a gasp of surprise and abandoned his post . 
 `` tom jones ! '' 
 he shouted , bounding forward . 
 `` what an honour ! '' 
 it was the town 's famous goalkeeper , tom jones - my old school friend ! 
 tommy smiled awkwardly and shook jekkus 's hand . 
 `` hi , '' he coughed , looking around to see if anyone else had noticed him . 
 apart from those nearest us , nobody had - all eyes were fixed on the stage , as everyone awaited the start of the show . 
 `` i 've seen you play ! '' 
 jekkus enthused . 
 `` i do n't get to many games - the curse of travelling - but i 've made it to a few . 
 you 're awesome ! 
 do you think we 'll win tomorrow ? 
 i wanted to get a ticket , but they were sold out . '' 
 `` it 's a big match , '' tommy said . 
 `` i could try to get one for you , but i do n't think ? '' 
 `` that 's ok , '' jekkus interrupted . 
 `` i 'm not trying to shake you down for free tickets . 
 just wanted to wish you good luck . 
 now , speaking of tickets , could i see yours ? '' 
 tommy gave his ticket to jekkus , who askedif tommy would sign it for him . 
 tommy obliged and jekkus pocketed the ticket , beaming happily . 
 he offered to find a seat for tommy near the front , but tommy said he was happy to sit at the back . 
 `` i do n't think it would be good for my image if word got out that i came to shows like this , '' he laughed . 
 as tommy made his way to one of the few free seats , i breathed a sigh of relief - he had n't seen me . 
 the luck of the vampires was on my side . 
 i waited a few more minutes , until the final stragglers had been admitted , then crept out as jekkus closed off the entrance . 
 i linked up with harkat . 
 `` did you see him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' harkat said . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i saw an old friend . '' 
 i told him about tom jones . 
 `` could it be a setup ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` i doubt it , '' i said . 
 `` tommy wanted to come to the cirque du freak the last time it was in town . 
 he 's here for the match tomorrow . 
 he must have heard about the show and picked up a ticket - easy when you 're a celebrity . '' 
 `` but is n't it a bit too coincidental that ? 
 he 's here the same time as us ? '' 
 harkat persisted . 
 `` he 's here because his team 's in the cup semi-final , '' i reminded harkat . 
 `` steve could n't have engineered that - even the lord of the vampaneze has his limits ! '' 
 `` you 're right , '' harkat laughed . 
 `` i really am getting paranoid ! '' 
 `` let 's forget about tommy , '' i said . 
 `` what about darius ? 
 could he have got in without us seeing him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' harkat said . 
 `` it was impossible to identify ? 
 everyone who entered . 
 a child could have easily ? 
 passed without us noticing . '' 
 `` then we 've got to go inside and look for him , '' i said . 
 `` steady on . '' 
 harkat stopped me . 
 `` although your friend tommy 's being here is most likely ? 
 nothing to worry about , let 's not tempt fate . 
 if you go in , your hood might slip ? 
 and he might see you . 
 leave it to me . '' 
 while i waited outside , harkat entered the tent and patrolled the aisles , checking the faces of every audience member as the show got under way . 
 more than half an hour passed before he emerged . 
 `` i did n't see him , '' harkat said . 
 `` maybe he was n't able to sneak away from home , '' i said . 
 `` or maybe he sensed we were ? 
 suspicious of him , '' harkat said . 
 `` either way , we ca n't do anything except ? 
 keep watch the rest of the time we 're here . 
 he might come sneaking around ? 
 by day again . '' 
 although it was anticlimactic , i was glad darius had n't shown . 
 i had n't been looking forward to threatening the boy . 
 it was better this way , for all concerned . 
 and the more i thought about it , the more ridiculous our reaction seemed . 
 darius had certainly known more about us than any child should , but maybe he 'd simply read the right books or found out about us on the internet . 
 not many humans know about the true marks of a vampire , or that little people exist , but the truth -lrb- like they used to say on that famous tv show -rrb- is out there ! 
 there were any number of ways a clued-up kid could have found out the facts about us . 
 harkat was n't as relaxed as i was , and he insisted we stay outside the entrances until the show finished , in case darius turned up late . 
 there was no harm in being cautious , so i kept watch throughout the rest of the show , listening to the gasps , screams and applause of the people inside the tent . 
 i slipped away a few minutes before the end and collected harkat . 
 we hid in a van as the crowd poured out , and only emerged when the final excited customer had left the stadium . 
 we gathered with most of the performers and backstage crew in a tent behind the big top , for the post-show party . 
 there was n't a celebration after each performance , but we liked to let our hair down every once in a while . 
 it was a hard life on the road , driving long distances , working doggedly , keeping a low profile so as not to attract attention . 
 it was good to chill out every so often . 
 there were a few guests in the tent - police officers , council officials , wealthy businessmen . 
 mr tall knew how to grease the right palms , to make life easy for us . 
 our visitors were particularly interested in harkat . 
 the normal audience members had n't seen the grey-skinned little person . 
 this was a chance for the special guests to experience something different , which they could boast about to their friends . 
 harkat knew what was expected of him and he let the humans examine him , telling them a bit about his past , politely answering their questions . 
 i sat in a quiet corner of the tent , munching a sandwich , washing it down with water . 
 i was getting ready to leave when jekkus flang pushed his way through a knot of people and introduced me to the guest he 'd just led into the tent . 
 `` darren , this is the world 's best goalkeeper , tom jones . 
 tom , this is my good friend and fellow workmate , darren shan . '' 
 tommy was astonished to see me alive when i 'd been declared dead and buried eighteen years earlier . 
 then there was the fact that i only looked a handful of years older . 
 it was almost too much for him to comprehend . 
 for a while he listened to me talk , nodding weakly , not taking anything in . 
 but eventually his head cleared and he focused on what i was saying . 
 i spun him a far-fetched but just about believable tale . 
 i felt bad , lying to my old friend , but the truth was stranger than fiction - it was simpler and safer this way . 
 i said i had a rare disease which prevented me from ageing normally . 
 it was discovered when i was a child . 
 the doctors gave me five or six years to live . 
 my parents were devastated by the news , but since we could do nothing to prevent it , we told no one and tried to lead a normal life for as long as we could . 
 then the cirque du freak came to town . 
 `` i ran into an extraordinary physician , '' i lied . 
 `` he was travelling with the cirque , making a study of the freaks . 
 he said he could help me , but i 'd have to leave home and travel with the cirque - i 'd need constant monitoring . 
 i talked it over with my parents and we decided to fake my death , so i could leave without arousing suspicions . '' 
 `` but for heaven 's sake , why ? '' 
 tommy exploded . 
 `` your parents could have left with you . 
 why put everyone through so much pain ? '' 
 `` how would we have explained it ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` the cirque du freak is an illegal travelling show . 
 my parents would have had to give up everything and gone undercover to be with me . 
 it would n't have been fair on them , and it would have been dreadfully unfair on annie . '' 
 `` but there must have been some other way , '' tommy protested . 
 `` maybe , '' i said . 
 `` but we had n't much time to think it over . 
 the cirque du freak was only in town for a few days . 
 we discussed the proposal put forward by the physician and accepted it . 
 i think the fact that i 'm still alive all these years later , against all medical odds , justifies that decision . '' 
 tommy shook his head uncertainly . 
 he 'd grown up to be a very large man , tall and broad , with huge hands and bulging muscles . 
 his black hair was receding prematurely - he 'd be bald in a few more years . 
 but despite his physical presence , his eyes were soft . 
 he was a gentle man . 
 the idea of letting a child fake his death and be buried alive was repulsive to him . 
 `` what 's done is done , '' i said . 
 `` maybe my parents should have searched for another way . 
 but they had my best interests at heart . 
 hope was offered and they seized it , regardlessof the terrible price . '' 
 `` did annie know ? '' 
 tommy asked . 
 `` no . 
 we never told her . '' 
 i guessed tommy had no way of contacting my parents directly , to check out my story , but he could have gone to annie . 
 i had to sidetrack him . 
 `` not even afterwards ? '' 
 tommy asked . 
 `` i talked aboutit with mum and dad - we keep in touch and meet up every few years - but we never felt the time was right . 
 annie had her own problems , having a baby so young . '' 
 `` thatwas tough , '' tommy agreed . 
 `` i was still living here . 
 i did n't know her very well , but i heard all about it . '' 
 `` that must have been just before your football career took off , '' i said , leading him away from talk about me . 
 we discussed his career after that , some of the big matches he 'd been involved in , what he planned to do when he retired . 
 he was n't married but he had two kids from a previous relationship , when he 'd lived abroad . 
 `` i only get to see them a couple of times a year and during the summer , '' he said sadly . 
 `` i hope to move over there when i quit football , to be closer to them . '' 
 most of the performers , crew and guests had departed by this stage . 
 harkat had seen me talking with tommy and made a sign askingif i wanted him to stick around . 
 i signalled back that i was ok and he 'd left with the others . 
 a few people still sat and talked softly in the tent , but nobody was near tommy and me . 
 talk turned to the past and our old friends . 
 tommy told me alan morris had become a scientist . 
 `` quite a famous one too , '' he said . 
 `` he 's a geneticist - big into cloning . 
 a controversial area , but he 's convinced it 's the way forward . '' 
 `` as long as he does n't clone himself ! '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` one alan morris is enough ! '' 
 tommy laughed too . 
 alan had been a close friend of ours , but he could be a bit of a pain at times . 
 `` i 've no idea what steve 's up to , '' tommy said , and the laughter died on my lips . 
 `` he left home at sixteen . 
 ran off without a word to anyone . 
 i 've spoken to him on the phone a few times , but i 've only seen him once since then , about ten years ago . 
 he returned home for a few months when his mother died . '' 
 `` i did n't know she was dead , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i liked steve 's mum . '' 
 `` he sold off the house and all her effects . 
 he shared an apartment with alan for a while . 
 that was before ? '' 
 tommy stopped and glanced at me oddly . 
 `` haveyou seen steve since you left ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 `` you do n't know anything about him ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied again . 
 `` nothing at all ? '' 
 tommy pressed . 
 i forced a chuckle . 
 `` why are you so concerned about steve ? '' 
 tommy shrugged . 
 `` he got into some trouble the last time he was here . 
 i thought you might have heard about it from your parents . '' 
 `` we do n't discuss the past , '' i said , elaborating on the lie i 'd concocted . 
 i leant forward curiously . 
 `` what did steve do ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if it was in any way linked to his vampaneze activities . 
 `` oh , i do n't rightly remember , '' tommy said , shifting uncomfortably - he was lying . 
 `` it 's old history . 
 best not to bring it up . 
 you know what steve was like , always in one form of trouble or another . '' 
 `` that 's for sure , '' i muttered . 
 then my eyes narrowed . 
 `` you said you 've talked to him on the phone ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he rings every so often , asks what i 'm up to , says nothing about what he 's doing , then hangs up ! '' 
 `` when was the last time he rang ? '' 
 tommy thought about it . 
 `` two , maybe three years ago . 
 a long time . '' 
 `` have you a contact number for him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 a shame . 
 i 'd thought for a moment that tommy might be my path back to steve , but it seemed he was n't . 
 `` what 's the time ? '' 
 tommy asked . 
 he looked at his watch and groaned . 
 `` if my manager finds out how late i 've been out , he 'll sack me ! 
 sorry , darren , but i really have to go . '' 
 `` that 's ok , '' i smiled , standing to shake his hand . 
 `` maybe we could meet up again after the match ? '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 tommy exclaimed . 
 `` i 'm not travelling back with the team - i 'm staying here for the night , to see some relatives . 
 you can come to the hotel after the game and ? 
 actually , how 'd you like to come see me play ? '' 
 `` at the semi-final ? '' 
 my eyes lit up . 
 `` i 'd love to . 
 but did n't i hear you telling jekkus the tickets were sold out ? '' 
 `` jekkus ? '' 
 tommy frowned . 
 `` the guy with the knives - your number-one fan . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 tommy grimaced . 
 `` i ca n't give away tickets to all my fans . 
 but family and friends are a different story . '' 
 `` i would n't be sitting near anyone who knew me , would i ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't want the truth about me going any further - annie might hear about it . '' 
 `` i 'll get you a seat away from the others , '' tommy promised . 
 then he paused . 
 `` you know , annie 's not a girl any more . 
 i saw her a year ago , the last time i was here for a match . 
 she struck me as being very level-headed . 
 maybe it 's time to tell her the truth . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i smiled , knowing i would n't . 
 `` i really think you should , '' tommy pressed . 
 `` it would be a shock , like it was for me , but i 'm sure she 'd be delighted to know you 're alive and well . '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' i said . 
 i walked tommy out of the tent , through the campsite and stadium tunnels to where his car was parked . 
 i bid him goodnight at the car , but he stopped before getting in and stared at me seriously . 
 `` we must talk some more about steve tomorrow , '' he said . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked as casually as i could . 
 `` there are things you should know . 
 i do n't want to get into them now - it 's too late - but i think ? '' 
 he trailed off into silence , then smiled . 
 `` we 'll talk about it tomorrow . 
 it might help you make up your mind about some other things . '' 
 and on that cryptic note he said farewell . 
 he promised to send over a ticket in the morning , gave me his hotel name and mobile number , shook my hand one last time , got into his car and drove away . 
 when i told harkat about the match , he reacted with automatic suspicion . 
 `` it 's a trap , '' he said . 
 `` your friend is an ally of ? 
 steve leonard . '' 
 `` not tommy , '' i said with absolute certainty . 
 `` but i 've a feeling he might in some way be able to direct us to him , or set us on his trail . '' 
 `` do you want me to come with ? 
 you to the match ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` you would n't be able to get in . 
 besides , '' i laughed , `` there 'll be tens of thousands of people there . 
 in a crowd like that , i think i 'll be safe ! '' 
 the ticket was delivered by courier and i set off in good time for the match . 
 i arrived an hour before kickoff . 
 a huge crowd milled around outside the stadium . 
 people were singing and cheering , decked out in their club colours , buying drinks , hot dogs and burgers from the street vendors . 
 troops of police kept a close watch on the situation , making sure rival fans did n't clash . 
 i mingled for a while , strolling around the stadium , relishing the atmosphere . 
 i bought a hot dog , a match programme , and a hat with tommy 's picture on it , sporting the slogan , `` he 's not unusual ! '' 
 there were lots of hats and badges dedicated to tommy . 
 there were even cds by the singer tom jones , with photos of tommy taped across the covers ! 
 i took my seat twenty minutes before kickoff . 
 i had a greatview of the floodlit pitch . 
 my seat was in the middle of the stadium , just a few rows behind the dugouts . 
 the teams were warming up when i arrived . 
 i got a real buzz out of seeing tommy in one of the goals , stopping practice shots . 
 to think one of my friends was playing in a cup semi-final ! 
 i 'd come a long way since childhood and put most of my human interests behind me . 
 but my love of football came flooding back as i sat , gazing down at tommy , and i felt a ball of pure childish excitement build in the pit of my stomach . 
 the teams left the pitch to get ready for kickoff , then re-emerged a few minutes later . 
 all the seats in the stadium had been filled and there was a huge cheer as the players marched out . 
 most people stood up , clapping and hollering . 
 the ref tossed a coin to decide which way the teams would play , then the captains shook hands , the players lined up , the ref blew his whistle , and the match got underway . 
 it was a brilliant game . 
 both teams went all-out for the win . 
 tackles flew in fast and hard . 
 play shifted from one end to the other , both sides attacking in turn . 
 there were lots of chances to score . 
 tommy made some great saves , as did the other keeper . 
 a couple of players blasted wide or over the bar from good positions , to a chorus of jeers and groans . 
 after forty-three minutes , the teams seemed like they 'd be heading in level at half-time . 
 but then there was a quick break , a defender slipped , a forward had a clear shot at goal , and he sent the ball flying into the left corner of the net , past the outstretched fingers of a flailing tom jones . 
 tommy and his team-mates looked dejected as they trudged off at half-time , but their fans - and the locals who 'd come to cheer for tommy - kept on singing , `` one-nil down , two-one up , that 's the way to win the cup ! '' 
 i went to get a drink but the size of the queue was frightening - the more experienced fans had slipped out just before the half-time whistle . 
 i walked around to stretch my legs , then returned to my seat . 
 although they were a goal down , tommy 's team looked the more confident when they came out after the break . 
 they attacked from the start of the half , knocking their opponents off the ball , pushing them back , driving hard for goal . 
 the game grew heated and three players were booked within the first quarter of an hour . 
 but their new found hunger was rewarded in the sixty-fourth minute when they scored a scrappy goal from a corner to pull level . 
 the stadium erupted when tommy 's team scored . 
 i was one of the thousands who leapt from their seats and punched the air with joy . 
 i even joined in with the song to the silenced fans of the other team , `` you 're not singing , you 're not singing , you 're not singing any more ! '' 
 five minutes later , i was chanting even louder when , from another corner , the team scored again to go two-one up . 
 i found myself hugging the guy next to me - a total stranger ! 
 - and jumping up and down with glee . 
 i could hardly believe i was behaving this way . 
 what would the vampire generals say if they saw a prince acting so ridiculously ! 
 the rest of the game was a tense affair . 
 now that they were a goal down , the other team had to attack in search of an equalizer . 
 tommy 's team-mates were forced further back inside their own half . 
 there were dozens of desperate defensive tackles , lots of free kicks , more yellow cards . 
 but they were holding out . 
 tommy had to make a few fairly easy saves , but apart from that his goal was n't troubled . 
 with six minutes to go , the win looked safe . 
 then , in virtually an action replay of the first goal , a player slipped free of his defender and found himself in front of goal , with only tommy to beat . 
 once again the ball was struck firmly and accurately . 
 it streaked towards the lower left corner of the net . 
 the striker turned away to celebrate . 
 but he 'd reacted too soon . 
 because this time , somehow , tommy got down and across , and managed to get a few fingers to the ball . 
 he only barely connected , but it was enough to tip the ball out around the post . 
 the crowd went wild ! 
 they were chanting tommy 's name and singing , `` it 's not unusual , he 's the greatest number one ! '' 
 tommy ignored the songs and stayed focused on the corner , directing his defenders . 
 but the save had sapped the other team of their spirit , and though they kept coming forward for the final few minutes , they did n't threaten to score again . 
 when the whistle blew , tommy 's team wearily embraced each other , then shook their opponents ' hands and swapped jerseys . 
 after that they saluted their fans , acknowledging their support . 
 we were all on our feet , applauding , singing victory songs , a lot of them about the incredible tom jones . 
 tommy was one of the last players to leave the pitch . 
 he 'd swapped his jersey with his opposite number and the pair were walking off together , discussing the game . 
 i roared tommy 's name as he came level with the dugouts , but of course he could n't hear me over the noise of the crowd . 
 just as tommy was about to vanish down the tunnel to the dressing-rooms , a commotion broke out . 
 i heard angry yells , then several sharp bangs . 
 most of the people around me did n't know what was happening . 
 but i 'd heard these sounds before - gunfire ! 
 i could n't see down the tunnel from where i was , but i saw tommy and the other goalkeeper stop , confused , then back away from the tunnel entrance . 
 i immediately sensed danger . 
 `` tommy ! '' 
 i screamed , then knocked aside the people nearest me and forced my way down towards the pitch . 
 before i got there , a steward reeled out of the tunnel , blood pouring from his face . 
 when the people in front of me saw that , they panicked . 
 turning , they pushed away from the pitch , halting my advance and forcing me back . 
 as i struggled to break free , two figures darted out of the tunnel . 
 one was a shaven-headed , shotgun-toting vampet with a disfigured , half-blown-away face . 
 the other was a bearded , purple-skinned , crazy vampaneze with silver and gold hooks instead of hands . 
 morgan james and r. v ! 
 i screamed with fresh fear when i saw the murderous pair , and shoved aside everyone around me , drawing upon the full extent of my vampiric powers . 
 but before i could bruise a way through , r.v. homed in on his target . 
 he bounded past the dugouts , ignored the players , coaching staff and stewards on the pitch , and bore down on a startled tom jones . 
 i do n't know what flashed through tommy 's mind when he saw the burly , purple monster streaking towards him . 
 maybe he thought it was a practical joke , or a weird fan coming to hug him . 
 either way , he did n't react , raise his hands to defend himself , or turn to run . 
 he just stood , staring dumbly at r.v. . 
 when r.v. reached tommy , he pulled back his right hand - the one with the gold hooks - then jabbed the blades sharply into tommy 's chest . 
 i froze , feeling tommy 's pain from where i was trapped in the crowd . 
 then r.v. jerked his hooked hand back , shook his head with insane delight , and retreated down the tunnel , following morgan james , who fired his gun to clear a path . 
 bursting free of the crowd , i stumbled on to the pitch . 
 those around me were staring at the fallen goalkeeper , paralyzed with shock . 
 my first instinct was to run to tommy . 
 but then my training kicked in . 
 tommy had been killed . 
 i could grieve for him later . 
 right now i had to focus on r.v. and morgan james . 
 if i hurried after them , i might catch up before they got away . 
 tearing my gaze away from tommy , i ducked down the tunnel , past the players , staff and stewards who had yet to recover their senses . 
 i saw more shot-up bodies but did n't stop to check whether they were living or dead . 
 i had to be a vampire , not a human . 
 a killer , not a carer . 
 i raced down the tunnel until it branched off in two directions . 
 left or right ? 
 i stood , panting , scanning the corridors for clues . 
 nothing to my left , but there was a small red mark on the wall to my right - blood . 
 i picked up speed again . 
 a voice at the back of my mind whispered , `` you have no weapons . 
 how will you defend yourself ? '' 
 i ignored it . 
 the corridor led to a dressing room , where most members of the winning team had gathered . 
 the players were n't aware of what had happened on the pitch . 
 they were cheering and singing . 
 the corridor branched again here . 
 the path to the left led back towards the pitch , so i took another right turn , praying to the gods of the vampires that i 'd chosen correctly . 
 a long sprint . 
 the corridor was narrow and low-ceilinged . 
 i was panting hard , not from exertion but sorrow . 
 i kept thinking about tommy , mr crepsley , gavner purl - friends i 'd lost to the vampaneze . 
 i had to fight the sorrow , or it would overwhelm me , so i thought about r.v. and morgan james instead . 
 r.v. was once an eco-warrior . 
 he 'd tried to free the wolf man at the cirque du freak . 
 i 'd stopped him but not before the wolf man had bitten his hands off . 
 r.v. fled , survived , and blamed me for his misfortune . 
 some years later , he was discovered by steve leopard . 
 steve told the vampaneze to blood him , and the pair plotted my downfall . 
 r.v. had been in the cavern of retribution when mr crepsley was killed . 
 that was the last time i 'd seen him . 
 morgan james was an ex-police officer . 
 a vampet , one of the humans the vampaneze had recruited . 
 like the other vampets , he dressed in a brown shirt and black trousers , shaved his head , painted circles of blood around his eyes , and had a `` v '' tattooed above either ear . 
 since he had n't been blooded , he was free to use missile-firing weapons such as guns . 
 vampaneze , like vampires , swear an oath when they 're blooded not to use such weapons . 
 james had also been in the cavern of retribution . 
 during the battle he was shot , and the left side of his face had been torn into fleshy strips by the bullet . 
 a treacherous , deadly pair . 
 again i found myself wondering what i 'd do if i caught up with them - i had n't any weapons ! 
 but again i ignored that problem and concentrated on the chase . 
 the end of the corridor . 
 a door swinging ajar . 
 two police officers and a steward lying slumped against the wall - dead . 
 i cursed r.v. and morgan james , and swore revenge . 
 i kicked the door wide open and ducked out . 
 i was at the rear of the stadium , the quietest part of the area , backing on to a housing estate . 
 the police out here had been attracted to the sides of the stadium - there was some kind of a disturbance at the front , no doubt timed to tie in with the assault . 
 ahead of me i saw r.v. and morgan james enter the estate . 
 by the time the police turned their attention this way , the killers would be gone . 
 i started after them . 
 stopped . 
 hurried back inside the stadium and frisked the dead police officers . 
 no guns , but both had been carrying truncheons . 
 i took the clubs , one for each hand , then fled after my prey . 
 it was dark on the estate , especially after the brightness of the stadium . 
 but i had the extra-sharp vision of a half-vampire , so i was able to negotiate my way without any problems . 
 the road branched off at regular intervals , seven or eight houses per stretch . 
 i paused briefly at each junction , looking left and right . 
 no sign of r.v. and morgan james . 
 forward again . 
 i was n't sure if they knew i was following . 
 i assumed they knew i was at the match , but they might not have counted on me being the first to break out of the stadium and pursue them . 
 the element of surprisemight be on my side , but i warned myself not to count on it . 
 i came to the last junction . 
 left or right ? 
 i stood in the road , head twisting one way , then the other . 
 i could n't see anyone . 
 i 'd lost them . ' 
 should i take a direction at random or backtrack and ? 
 there was a soft screeching sound to my left - a blade scraping against a wall . 
 then someone hissed , `` quiet ! '' 
 i turned . 
 there was a tiny alley between two houses , the source of the noise . 
 the nearest street lights had been smashed . 
 the only illumination came from across the road . 
 i had a bad feeling about this - the screech and hiss had been far too convenient - but i could n't back off now . 
 i advanced . 
 i stopped a couple of metres shy of the alley and edged out into the middle of the road . 
 my knuckles were white from gripping the truncheons . 
 i came into gradual sight of the alley . 
 nobody near the dark mouth . 
 the alley only ran back five or six metres , and even in the poor light i could see all the way to the rear wall . 
 nobody was there . 
 i breathed out shakily . 
 maybe my ears had been playing tricks . 
 or else the sound had been a tv or radio . 
 what should i do now ? 
 i was back where i 'd been moments before , no idea which way to ? 
 something moved in the alley , low down on the floor . 
 i stiffened and lowered my sights . 
 and now i saw them , crouched where it was darkest , one hugging either wall , practically invisible in the shadows . 
 the figure to my left chuckled , then stood - r.v. i raised the truncheon in my left hand defensively . 
 then the figure to my right rose , and morgan james stepped forward , bringing up his shotgun , pointing it at me . 
 i began to raise the truncheon in my right hand against him , then realized how worthless it would be if he fired . 
 i took another step back , meaning to run , when a voice spoke from the darkness behind r.v. `` no guns , '' it said softly . 
 morgan james immediately lowered the barrel of his shotgun . 
 i should have run , but i could n't , not without putting a face to that voice . 
 so i stood my ground , squinting , as a third shape formed and stepped out from behind r.v. . 
 it was gannen harst , the prime protector of the lord of the vampaneze . 
 part of me had expected this , and instead of panicking , i experienced something close to relief . 
 the waiting was over . 
 whatever destiny had in store for me , it started here . 
 one final encounter with the vampaneze lord . 
 at the end of it , i 'd kill him - or he 'd kill me . 
 either way was better than the waiting . 
 `` hello , gannen , '' i said . 
 `` still hanging out with madmen and scum , i see . '' 
 gannen harst bristled but did n't reply . 
 `` lord , '' he said instead , and a fourth ambusher stepped out from behind morgan james , more familiar than any of the others . 
 `` good to see you again , steve , '' i said cynically as the grey-haired steve leopard slid into view . 
 i was partly focused on gannen harst , r.v. and morgan james - but mostly on steve . 
 i was judging the gap between us , wondering what sort of damage i could do if i hurled my truncheons at him . 
 i did n't care about the other three - killing the vampaneze lord was my first priority . 
 `` he does n't look surprised to see us , '' steve remarked . 
 he had n't stepped out as far as gannen harst , and was protected by the body of morgan james . 
 i might be able to hit him from this angle - but it was a very bigmight . 
 `` let me have him , '' r.v. snarled , taking a step towards me . 
 the last time i 'd seen him , he 'd been wearing red contact lenses , and had painted his skin purple , to look more like a vampaneze . 
 but his eyes and skin had changed naturally over the past two years , and though his colouring was slight in comparison to a mature vampaneze , it was genuine . 
 `` stay where you are , '' steve said to r.v. `` we can all have a slice of him later . 
 let 's finish the introductions first . 
 darius . '' 
 from behind steve , the boy called darius stepped out . 
 he was wearing green robes , like steve . 
 he was shivering , but his face was set sternly . 
 he was holding a large arrow-gun , one of steve 's inventions . 
 it was pointed at me . 
 `` have you started blooding children now ? '' 
 i growled disgustedly , still waiting for steve to move out a little more , ignoring the threat of the boy 's arrow-gun . 
 `` darius is an exception , '' steve said , smiling . 
 `` a most worthy ally and a valuable spy . '' 
 steve took a half-step towards the boy . 
 this was my chance ! 
 i began to draw my right hand back , careful not to give my intentions away , totally focused on steve . 
 another second or two and i could make my play ? 
 then darius spoke . 
 `` shall i shoot him now , dad ? '' 
 dad ? 
 `` yes , son , '' steve replied . 
 son ? 
 the arrow struck me high in my right shoulder , knocking me backwards . 
 i roared with agony , grabbed the shaft of the arrow and pulled . 
 the shaft broke off in my hand , leaving the head stuck deep in my flesh . 
 for a moment the world around me turned red . 
 i thought i was going to pass out . 
 but then the crimson haze faded and the road and houses swam back into focus . 
 over the sound of my pained panting , i heard footsteps coming towards me . 
 sitting up - grinding my teeth together to fight back a wave of fresh pain - i saw steve leading his small band in for the kill . 
 i 'd let go of the truncheons when i fell . 
 one had rolled away , but the other was close by . 
 i snatched for it and for the shaft of the arrow - the splintered end could be used as a crude dagger . 
 when gannen harst saw this , he stepped in front of steve . 
 `` fan out ! '' 
 he commanded r.v. and morgan james . 
 they swiftly obeyed . 
 the boy , darius , was behind steve . 
 he looked sick . 
 i do n't think he 'd ever shot anyone before . 
 `` keep back ! '' 
 i hissed , waving my pitiful weapons at them . 
 `` make us , '' r.v. giggled . 
 `` uhr 'd luhk tuh shee im truhy ! '' 
 said morgan james , who could only speak in a slur since his accident . 
 `` we wo n't let him try anything , '' gannen harst said quietly . 
 he had n't drawn his sword yet , but his right hand was hanging purposefully by his scabbard . 
 `` he 's a dangerous foe , even injured - do n't forget that . '' 
 `` you think too much of the boy , '' steve purred , looking at me over his protector 's shoulder . 
 `` he wo n't even be able to get up with a wound like that . '' 
 `` wo n't i ? '' 
 i snorted , and pushed myself to my feet just to spite him . 
 a red curtain descended for the second time , but again it passed after a couple of seconds . 
 when my sight cleared , i saw steve grinning wickedly - he 'd goaded me to my feet on purpose , to string more entertainment out of me . 
 waving the arrow shaft around at the four men , i backed away . 
 each step was torture , the pain in my right shoulder flaring up at the slightest movement . 
 it was clear i could n't get very far , but gannen was taking no chances . 
 he sent r.v. to my left and james to my right , blocking my route in both directions . 
 i stopped , weaving heavily on my feet , woozily trying to formulate a plan . 
 i knew only steve could kill me - des tiny had predicted doom for the vampaneze if anybody other than their lord killed any of the vampire hunters - but the others could hold me down for him . 
 `` lets finish him off quickly , '' gannen harst said , finally drawing his sword . 
 `` he is at our mercy . 
 let 's not waste time . '' 
 `` take it easy , '' steve chuckled . 
 `` i want to see him bleed a bit more . '' 
 `` and if he bleeds to death from your son 's arrow ? '' 
 gannen snapped . 
 `` he wo n't , '' steve said . 
 `` darius shot exactly where i trained him to . '' 
 steve glanced back at the boy and caught his troubled look . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 `` yes , '' darius croaked . 
 `` i just did n't think it would be so ? 
 so ? '' 
 `` bloody , '' steve said . 
 he nodded understandingly . 
 `` you did good work tonight . 
 you do n't have to watch the rest if you do n't want to . '' 
 `` how did?you end up with ? 
 a son ? '' 
 i gasped , playing for time , hoping an escape would present itself . 
 `` a long , twisted story , '' steve said , facing me again . 
 `` one i 'll delight in telling you before i drive a stake through your heart . '' 
 `` you got that ? 
 the wrong way round . '' 
 i laughed bleakly . 
 `` i ` llbe the one doing ? 
 the killing tonight . '' 
 `` optimistic to the last , '' steve smirked . 
 he cocked a devilish eyebrow at me . 
 `` how did tommy die - with dignity , or like that squealing pig crepsley ? '' 
 at that , something snapped inside me . 
 i screamed a foul insult at steve and , without thinking , hurled my truncheon at him . 
 with blind luck , it struck his forehead and he dropped with a startled grunt . 
 gannen harst instinctively swung away from me , to check on his lord . 
 as soon as he made his move , i made mine . 
 jumping at morgan james , i lashed out with the arrow shaft . 
 he took a quick step back to avoid being speared . 
 as he did , i smashed into him with my wounded right shoulder . 
 i howled with pain as the arrow head was forced deeper into my flesh , but my ploy worked - james toppled over . 
 the path ahead was momentarily clear . 
 i stumbled forward , grasping my right shoulder with my left hand , pressing hard around the hole where the arrow head was buried , trying to stem the flow of blood , weeping with agony . 
 behind me i heard steve shout , `` i 'm ok ! 
 chase him ! 
 do n't let him get away ! '' 
 if i had n't been injured , i might have had enough of a head start on them . 
 but i could manage nothing faster than a slow jog . 
 it was only a matter of seconds before they 'd catch up with me . 
 as i lurched away , my pursuers hot on my heels , a door to one of the houses on my left opened and a large man stuck his head out . 
 `` what 's all the noise about ? '' 
 he shouted angrily . 
 `` some of us are trying to ? '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed on impulse . 
 `` murder ! '' 
 the man threw the door all the way open and stepped out . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he yelled . 
 i looked back at steve and the others . 
 they 'd come to a halt . 
 i had to make the most of their confusion . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i screamed at the top of my lungs . 
 `` killers ! 
 they 've shot me ! 
 help ! '' 
 lights began flicking on in the neighbouring houses , and curtains were swished back . 
 the man who 'd come out started towards me . 
 steve sneered , reached over his shoulder , produced an arrow-gun and fired at the man . 
 gannen harst knocked the arrow-gun aside just before steve fired , so the arrow whizzed wide of its mark . 
 but the man had seen steve 's intent and he ran back inside his house before he could be fired upon again . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 steve furiously challenged gannen harst . 
 `` we must get out of here ! '' 
 gannen shouted . 
 `` not without killing him ! '' 
 steve yelled , jerking his arrow-gun at me . 
 `` then kill him , quick , and let 's go ! '' 
 gannen responded . 
 steve stared at me , eyes filled with hatred . 
 behind him , r.v. and morgan james were looking on with hungry longing , eager to see me die . 
 darius was further removed from the gang - i could n't tell if he was watching or not . 
 steve raised his arrow-gun , took a couple of steps closer , trained his sights on me , then ? ? 
 lowered it , unfired . 
 `` no , '' he said sullenly . 
 `` this is too easy . 
 too fast . '' 
 `` do n't be foolish ! '' 
 gannen roared . 
 `` you have to kill him ! 
 this is the predicted fourth encounter . 
 you must do it now , before ? '' 
 `` i 'll do what i please ! '' 
 steve yelled , turning on his mentor . 
 for a moment i thought he meant to attack his closest ally . 
 but then he got hold of himself and smiled tightly . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing , gannen . 
 i ca n't kill him this way . '' 
 `` if not now , then when ? '' 
 gannen snarled . 
 `` later , '' steve said . 
 `` when the time is right . 
 when i can torment him at my leisure and make him feel the pain i felt when he betrayed me and pledged himself to creepy crepsley . '' 
 `` and mr tiny 's prophecy ? '' 
 gannen hissed . 
 `` stuff it ! '' 
 steve smirked . 
 `` i 'll create my own destiny . 
 that mug in the wellies does n't rule my life . '' 
 gannen 's red eyes were ablaze with rage . 
 this was madness . 
 he wanted steve to kill me , to settle the war of the scars once and for all . 
 he would have argued the point , but more doors were opening and people were poking their heads out . 
 gannen realized they were in danger of attracting too much unwanted attention . 
 he shook his head , then grabbed steve , spun him away from me and pushed him back the way they 'd come , ordering r.v. and morgan james to retreat . 
 `` catch you later , vampire-gator ! '' 
 steve laughed , waving at me as gannen shepherded him away . 
 i wanted to respond with a suitable insult , but i lacked the strength . 
 besides , i had to get out of there as sharply as steve and his gang . 
 if the people came out and found me , i 'd be in major trouble . 
 it would mean the police , hospital , recognition and arrest - i was still a wanted fugitive . 
 the general public here might not know about the alleged killer , darren shan , but i was sure the police did . 
 turning my back on the emerging humans , i staggered to the end of the block , where i rested a moment , leaning against a wall . 
 i wiped sweat from my forehead and tears from my eyes , then checked the hole in my shoulder - still bleeding . 
 there was no time to examine it further . 
 people were spilling out on to the street . 
 it would n't be long before news of the killings at the stadium trickled through . 
 then they 'd be on their phones to the police , telling them all about the disturbance . 
 i cleared the housing estate a few minutes later . 
 in the distance police sirens screamed like banshees in the night . 
 the stadium would be their first priority , but once word reached them of the scuffle on the housing estate , units would be sent to investigate . 
 as i stood bent over , panting for breath , i studied the path i 'd taken and saw little puddles of blood marking my course - a clear trail for anyone who followed . 
 if i was to progress any further undetected , i 'd have to do something about my wound . 
 i examined the hole . 
 there was a tiny bit of shaft sticking out of it , attached to the arrow head . 
 i took hold of the light piece of wood , closed my eyes , bit down hard , and pulled . 
 `` charna 's guts ! '' 
 i fell back , shivering , fingers twitching , mouth opening and shutting rapidly . 
 for maybe a minute , i knew only pain . 
 the houses around me could have collapsed and i would n't have noticed . 
 gradually the pain abated and i was able to study the wound again . 
 i had n't managed to pull the head out , but i 'd drawn it closer towards the hole , plugging it up . 
 blood still oozed out but it was n't flowing steadily like it had been . 
 that would have to do . 
 tearing a long strip off my shirt , i balled it up and pressed it over the wound . 
 after a few deep breaths , i got to my feet . 
 my legs were shaking like a newborn lamb 's , but they held . 
 i made sure i was n't dripping blood , then resumed my sluggish flight . 
 the next ten or fifteen minutes passed in a slow , agonized blur . 
 i had enough sense left to keep moving , but i was n't able to take note of street names or plot a course back to the cirque du freak . 
 all i knew was that i could n't stop . 
 i kept to the sides of streets and alleys , so i could grab a fence for support or lean against a wall to rest . 
 i did n't pass many people . 
 those i did pass ignored me . 
 that surprised me , even in my dazed state , until i realized how i must look . 
 a teenager , reeling along the path , head bowed , body crooked over , moaning softly - they thought i was drunk ! 
 eventually i had to stop . 
 i was at the end of my rope . 
 if i did n't sit down and rest , i 'd drop in the middle of the street . 
 luckily i was close to a dark alley . 
 i fell into it and crawled away from the streetlights , deep into welcome shadows . 
 i stopped beside a large black garbage bin , sat up against the wall by which it was set , and dragged my legs in . 
 `` just ? 
 a short ? 
 rest , '' i wheezed , laying my head on my knees , wincing at the pain in my shoulder . 
 `` a few ? 
 minutes ? 
 and then i can ? '' 
 i got no further . 
 my eyelids fluttered shut and i flaked out , at the mercy of any who happened to chance upon me . 
 my eyes opened . 
 it was later , darker , colder . 
 i felt like i was encased in a block of ice . 
 i tried lifting my head , but even that small effort proved too much for me . 
 i blacked out again . 
 the next time i awoke , i was choking . 
 some stinging liquid was being forced down my throat . 
 for a confused moment i thought i was a raw half-vampire again , and that mr crepsley was trying to force me to drink human blood . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i mumbled , slapping at the hands holding my head . 
 `` not gon na ? 
 be like you ! '' 
 `` hold him still ! '' 
 someone grunted . 
 `` it 's not that easy , '' the person holding me complained . 
 `` he 's stronger than he looks . '' 
 then i felt a body pressing down on mine and a voice whispered in my ear , `` steady , kid . 
 we 're only trying to help . '' 
 my head cleared slightly and i stopped struggling . 
 blinking , i tried to focus on the faces of the men around me , but it was either too dark or my sight was clouded with pain . 
 `` what ? 
 are you ? '' 
 i gasped , meaning were they friends or foes . 
 the man holding me must have misheard my question , and thought i 'd askedwho were they . 
 `` i 'm declan , '' he said . 
 `` this is little kenny . '' 
 `` open wide , '' little kenny said , pressing the rim of a bottle to my lips . 
 `` this is cheap and nasty , but it 'll warm you up . '' 
 i drank reluctantly , unable to argue . 
 my stomach filled with a sickening fire . 
 when little kenny took the bottle away , i leant my head back against the wall and groaned . 
 `` what time ? 
 is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` we do n't bother with watches , '' declan chuckled . 
 `` but it 's late , maybe one or two in the morning . '' 
 he took hold of my chin , turned my head left and right , then picked at the strip of shirt which was stuck to my shoulder with dried blood . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i yelped . 
 declan released me immediately . 
 `` sorry , '' he said . 
 `` does it hurt much ? '' 
 `` not ? 
 as much ? 
 as it did , '' i muttered . 
 then my head began to swim and i half-blacked out again . 
 when i recovered , the two men were huddled together a metre away , discussing what to do with me . 
 `` leave him , '' i heard little kenny hiss . 
 `` he ca n't be more than sixteen or seventeen . 
 he 's no good to us . '' 
 `` every person matters , '' declan disagreed . 
 `` we ca n't afford to be picky . '' 
 `` but he 's not one ofus , '' little kenny said . 
 `` he probably has a family and home . 
 we ca n't start recruiting normal people , not until we 're told . '' 
 `` i know , '' declan said . 
 `` but there 's something different about him . 
 did you see his scars ? 
 and he did n't get that wound fighting in the playground . 
 we should take him back with us . 
 if the ladies choose not to keep him , we can get rid of him easily enough . '' 
 `` but he 'll know where we are ! '' 
 little kenny objected . 
 `` the shape he 's in , i doubt he even knows what town this is ! '' 
 declan snorted . 
 `` he 's got more things to worry about than marking the route we take . '' 
 little kenny grumbled something i could n't hear , then said , `` ok , but do n't forget it was your choice , not mine . 
 i 'm not taking the blame for this . '' 
 `` fine , '' declan said , and returned to my side . 
 he rolled my eyelids all the way up and i got my first clear look at him . 
 he was a large , bearded man , dressed in shabby clothes , covered in grime - a tramp . 
 `` kid , '' he said , snapping his fingers in front of my eyes . 
 `` you awake ? 
 do you know what 's going on ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i glanced over at little kenny and saw that he was also a tramp . 
 `` we 're taking you back with us , '' declan said . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 i assumed that they meant to take me to a mission house or homeless shelter . 
 that was n't as preferable as the cirque du freak , but it was better than a police station . 
 i wet my lips and locked gazes with declan . 
 `` no ? 
 police , '' i moaned . 
 declan laughed . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said to little kenny . 
 `` i told you he was our kind of people ! '' 
 he took hold of my left arm and told little kenny to take my right . 
 `` this will hurt , '' he warned me . 
 `` you ready for it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 they pulled me to my feet . 
 the pain in my shoulder flared back into life , my brain ignited with fireworks , and my stomach lurched . 
 doubling over , i was sick on the alley floor . 
 declan and little kenny held me while 1 vomited , then hauled me up . 
 `` better ? '' 
 declan asked . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i gasped . 
 he laughed again , then shuffled around , dragging me with him , so we were facing the entrance of the alley . 
 `` we 'll carry you as best we can , '' declan said . 
 `` but try to use your legs - it 'll make life easier for all of us . '' 
 i nodded to show i understood . 
 declan and little kenny linked hands behind my back , put their other hands on my chest to support me , then led me away . 
 declan and little kenny were a strange pair of guardian angels . 
 they encouraged me along with a series of curses , pushes and pulls , kicking my feet every so often to goad me into short bursts of self-momentum . 
 we rested every few minutes , leaning against walls or lampposts , declan and little kenny panting almost as hard as i was . 
 they obviously were n't accustomed to this much exercise . 
 even though it was the middle of the night , the town was abuzz . 
 word of the stadium slaughter had spread , and people had taken to the streets in outrage . 
 police cars passed us regularly , sirens blaring , flashlights glaring . 
 we marched in plain view of the police and angry citizens , but nobody took any notice of us . 
 with declan and little kenny holding me , i looked like the third of a trio of drunk tramps . 
 one policeman did stop and shout at us to get the hell off the streets - had n't we heard what happened ? 
 `` yes , sir , '' declan mumbled , half-saluting the policeman . 
 `` going home right now . 
 do n't suppose you could arrange a lift for us ? '' 
 the policeman snorted and turned away . 
 declan chuckled , then led us on again . 
 when we were out of earshot , he said to little kenny , `` have you any idea what all the fuss is about ? '' 
 `` something to do with football , i think , '' little kenny said . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 declan asked me . 
 `` do you know what people are up in arms about ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 even if i 'd wanted to tell them the truth , i could n't have . 
 the pain was worse than ever . 
 i had to keep my teeth ground tightly together to stop myself from screaming out loud . 
 we carried on walking . 
 i half-hoped i 'd black out again , to numb myself to the pain . 
 i did n't even care that declan and little kenny would probably dump me in a gutter to die , rather than drag my deadweight body along . 
 but i stayed awake , if not entirely alert , and managed to swing my legs into action when prompted . 
 i 'd no idea where i was being taken , and i was n't able to raise my head to mark the way . 
 when we finally came to a halt in front of an old , brown-faced building , little kenny darted forward to open a door . 
 i tried looking up to see what the number was . 
 but even that was beyond me , and i could only stare at the ground through half-closed eyes as declan and little kenny dragged me inside and laid me on a hard wooden floor . 
 little kenny stayed with me , keeping watch , as declan went upstairs . 
 they 'd lain me on my left side , but i rolled over on to my back and stared up at the ceiling . 
 i could feel my last sparks of consciousness flickering out . 
 as i watched , my eyes played tricks and i imagined the ceiling was shimmering , like sea water in a light breeze . 
 i heard declan coming back with somebody . 
 he was talking quickly and quietly . 
 i tried turning my head to see who he was bringing , but the scene on the ceding was too captivating to turn away from . 
 now i was imagining boats , sails filled with the breeze , circling the sea/ceiling above me . 
 declan stopped by my side and examined me . 
 then he stepped back and the person with him bent over to look . 
 that 's when i knew i was really losing my grip on reality , because in my delirium i thought the person was debbie hemlock , my ex-girlfriend . 
 i smiled weakly at the ludicrous thought of running into debbie here . 
 then the woman standing over me exclaimed , `` darren ! 
 oh my ? '' 
 `` ow ! 
 it 's hot ! '' 
 i winced . 
 `` do n't be a baby , '' debbie smiled , pressing a spoon of steaming hot soup to my lips . 
 `` it 's good for you . '' 
 `` not if it scalds my throat , '' i grumbled . 
 i blew on the soup to cool it , swallowed , then smiled at debbie as she dipped the spoon into the bowl again . 
 harkat stood guard by the door . 
 outside i could hear alice burgess talking with one of their street people . 
 i felt incredibly safe as i lay there , sipping soup , like nothing in the world could harm me . 
 it had been five days since declan and little kenny rescued me . 
 the first few days passed in a haze . 
 i 'd been wracked with pain and a high fever , senses in disarray , subject to nightmares and delusions . 
 i kept thinking debbie and alice were imaginary . 
 i 'd laugh when they talked to me , convinced my brain was playing tricks . 
 but as the fever broke and my senses returned , the faces of the women remained constant . 
 when i finally realized it really was debbie , i threw my arms around her and hugged her so hard , i almost fainted again ! 
 `` would you like some soup ? '' 
 debbie asked harkat . 
 `` no , '' harkat replied . 
 `` not hungry . '' 
 i asked debbie to fetch harkat and mr tall even before she 'd told me what she and alice were doing here . 
 when my worried friend arrived - mr tall did n't come - i told him about steve and his gang , and about steve being darius 's father . 
 harkat 's round green eyes almost doubled in size when he heard that . 
 i wanted him to leave and contact the vampire generals , but he refused . 
 he said he had to stay to protect me , and would n't go until i was fit again . 
 i argued the point , but it was no good . 
 he had n't left the room since then , except for the occasional toilet break . 
 debbie spooned the last of the soup into my mouth , wiped around my lips with a napkin , and winked . 
 she 'd hardly changed in the two years we 'd been parted . 
 the same lush dark skin , beautiful brown eyes , full lips , and tightly cropped hair . 
 but she was more physically developed than before . 
 she was leaner , more muscular , and she moved with a fighter 's fluid grace . 
 her eyes were always alert . 
 she was never totally at ease , ready to respond to any threat at an instant 's notice . 
 the last time we 'd met , debbie and alice had been on their way to vampire mountain . 
 they were troubled by the rise of the vampaneze and shaven-headed vampets - they thought they 'd turn on humanity nextif they won the war of the scars . 
 they decided that the vampires should create their own human force to combat the threat of the gun-wielding vampets . 
 they planned to offer their services to the generals , and hoped to put together a small army to battle the vampets , leaving the vampires free to tackle the vampaneze . 
 i did n't think the generals would accept their proposal . 
 vampires have always distanced themselves from humans , and i thought they 'd reject debbie and alice automatically . 
 but debbie told me that seba nile - the quartermaster of vampire mountain , and an old friend of mr crepsley 's and mine - had spoken on their behalf . 
 he said times had changed and the generals needed to change with them . 
 vampires and vampaneze had sworn an oath never to use missile-firing weapons , but the vampets had n't . 
 many vampires were being shot by the shaven-headed curs . 
 seba said something had to be done about it , and this was their chance to fight the vampets on level terms . 
 as the oldest living vampire , seba was greatly respected . 
 upon his recommendation debbie and alice were accepted , albeit with reluctance . 
 for several months they 'd trained in the vampire ways , mostly at the hands of my old task master , vanez blane . 
 the blind vampire taught them to fight and think as creatures of the night . 
 it was n't easy - the ever-wintry vampire mountain was a hard place to survive if you lacked the hot blood of the vampires - but they 'd clung to each other for support and stuck with it , earning the admiration even of those generals who 'd greeted them with suspicion . 
 ideally they 'd have trained for several years , learning the ways of vampire warfare . 
 but time was precious . 
 the vampets were growing in number , taking part in more and more battles , killing more and more vampires . 
 once debbie and alice had covered the basics , they set out with a small band of generals to assemble a makeshift army . 
 debbie told me seba and vanez longed to come with them , for one last taste of adventure in the outside world . 
 but they served the clan best in vampire mountain , so they stayed , loyal servants to the end . 
 the door to my room opened and alice stepped in . 
 alice burgess used to be a police chief inspector and she looked even more warrior-like than debbie . 
 she was taller and broader , with more pronounced muscles . 
 her white hair was cut ultra-short , and though she was extremely light-skinned , there was nothing soft about her complexion . 
 she looked as pale and deadly as a snowstorm . 
 `` the police are searching the neighbourhood , '' alice said . 
 `` they 'll be here in an hour or less . 
 darren will have to hide again . '' 
 the building was old and had once been used as a church by a shady preacher . 
 he 'd created a couple of secret rooms , almost impossible to find . 
 they were stuffy and uncomfortable , but safe . 
 i 'd stayed in one of them three times already , to avoid the police searches which had been in full flow since the massacre at the football stadium . 
 `` any word from vancha ? '' 
 i asked , sitting up and pushing the bed covers back . 
 `` not yet , '' alice said . 
 as the other surviving hunter , vancha march was the only person apart from me who could freely kill steve . 
 debbie and alice did n't have a direct line to the prince , but they 'd equipped a number of the younger , more forward-thinking generals with mobile phones . 
 one would get word to vancha about the situation here - eventually . 
 i just prayed it would n't be too late . 
 recruiting an army had proved a lot harder than it sounded . 
 no vampire knew for sure how the vampaneze had put the vampets together , but we could imagine their recruiting strategy - find weak-willed , wicked people , then bribe them with promises of power . 
 `` join us and we 'll teach you how to fight and kill . 
 we 'll blood you when the time is right and make you stronger than any human . 
 as one of us , you 'll live for centuries . 
 anything you wish for can be yours . '' 
 debbie and alice faced a much harder task . 
 they needed good people who were willing to fight on the side of right , who recognized the threat the vampets and their masters posed , who wished to avert the prospect of living in a world where a band of killers dominated the night . 
 crooked , grasping , evil-hearted people were easy to find . 
 honest , concerned , self-sacrificing people were harder to come by . 
 they found a few , among police and soldiers - alice had lots of contacts from her time on the force - but nowhere near enough to counter the threat of the vampets . 
 for half a year they made little or no progress . 
 they were beginning to think it was a waste of time . 
 then debbie saw the way forward . 
 the vampaneze were on the increase . 
 as well as recruiting the vampets , they were blooding more vampaneze assistants than normal , driving up their numbers in a bid to win the war of the scars by means of force . 
 since they were more active than usual , they needed to drink more blood , to keep up their energy levels . 
 and when vampaneze drank blood , they killed . 
 so where were all the bodies ? 
 vampaneze had survived for six hundred years by feeding cautiously , never killing too many people in any one area , carefully hiding the bodies of their victims . 
 there were n't many of them - never more than three hundred before the war of the scars - and they were spread across the world . 
 it was relatively easy to keep their presence a secret from humanity . 
 but now they were on the increase , feeding in groups , killing hundreds of humans every month . 
 there was no way such a drain on humanity could have passed unnoticed by the general public - unless those they fed from were n't officially part of that public . 
 tramps . 
 dossers . 
 hobos . 
 vagrants . 
 mankind had dozens of names for homeless people , those without careers , houses , families or security . 
 many names - but not a lot of interest . 
 homeless people were a nuisance , a problem , an eyesore . 
 whether `` ordinary '' people felt pity or disgust for them , whether they handed over change when they saw someone begging or walked straight by , one thing united most humans - they knew homeless people existed , but very few took any real notice of them . 
 who in any town or city could say how many homeless people were living on the streets ? 
 who 'd knowif those numbers started to drop ? 
 who 'd care ? 
 the answer - almost nobody . 
 except the homeless people themselves.they 'd know something was wrong . 
 the homeless would listen , pitch in and fight . 
 if not for the vampires , then for themselves - they were victims of the war of the scars , and stood to lose big time if the vampaneze were triumphant . 
 so debbie , alice and their small band of generals took their recruiting speeches to the corners of the world most humans know nothing about . 
 they went out on the streets , into homeless shelters and mission churches , down alleys lined with rough beds made of cardboard boxes and wads of newspapers . 
 they moved freely among the people of this subworld , facing suspicion and danger , spreading their message , in search of allies . 
 and they found them . 
 there was a grapevine among the homeless , similar to that of the vampire clan . 
 though most lacked phones , they kept in touch with one another . 
 it was amazing how fast a rumour could travel , and wherever alice and debbie went , they found people who 'd heard about the murders and knew they were under attack , even though they had no idea who their attackers were . 
 debbie and alice told the street people about the vampaneze . 
 they encountered scepticism to begin with , but the vampires with them backed them up , demonstrating their powers . 
 in a couple of cities they helped the street folk track down vampaneze and kill them . 
 word spread rapidly , and over the last several months thousands of street people across the world had pledged themselves to the vampire cause . 
 most had n't been trained yet . 
 for now they were serving as eyes and ears , watching for vampaneze , passing on word of their movements . 
 they 'd also chosen a name ? 
 vampirites . 
 harkat helped me out of bed and i hobbled from my room , down the corridor and stairs to the ground floor , where the hidden rooms were located . 
 alice came with us , to ensure all was in order . 
 we passed declan along the way . 
 he was on the phone to another nearby vampirite stronghold , warning them of the police search . 
 the generals with debbie and alice left them eventually , to resume the fight against the vampaneze - all hands were needed in the war of the scars . 
 a couple kept in touch , meeting up with them every month or two , monitoring their progress . 
 but most of the time the ladies of the shadows - as the vampirites referred to them - travelled alone , choosing places where the vampaneze were active , recruiting fervently . 
 they 'd come to my home town a fortnight ago . 
 there 'd been many reports of vampaneze here , and a band of vampirites had already formed to combat them . 
 debbie and alice came to raise morale , and also to spread awareness among the street folk . 
 that task accomplished , they 'd planned to move on soon . 
 then i 'd turned up , beaten and bleeding , and their plans changed . 
 i rubbed my right shoulder as i shuffled to the secret room . 
 alice had removed the arrowhead and stitched me up . 
 the wound had healed cleanly , but it still stung like crazy , and i was a long way off full recovery . 
 alice and harkat moved the furniture which helped mask the entrance to the hidden room at the rear of the house . 
 then alice pressed a secret panel and a section of wall slid back to reveal a cramped cell . 
 there was a very dim light set in one of the walls . 
 `` they searched the house thoroughly last time , '' alice reminded me , checking that the jug beside the mattress on the floor was filled with water . 
 `` you could be in for another long stay . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i said , lying down . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 i heard debbie shout , as alice was about to close the section of wall on me . 
 she came hurrying to the entrance , carrying a small bag . 
 `` i 've been waiting until you were strong enough to give this to you . 
 it will help pass the time . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked , taking the bag . 
 `` you 'll see , '' debbie replied , blowing me a kiss and stepping back as the cell was closed off . 
 i waited a minute for my eyes to adjust to the dim light , then reached inside the bag and pulled out several notepads bound together by an elastic band . 
 i broke into a smile - my diary ! 
 i 'd forgotten it entirely . 
 now that i cast my thoughts back , i recalled handing the notepads to alice before leaving with harkat two years earlier . 
 once i got the all clear , i returned to my bedroom and spent the next couple of days bringing my diary up to date . 
 i 'd soon filled out the most recent notepad , so debbie brought me fresh writing material . 
 i wrote all about my adventures with harkat in the barren wasteland which seemed to be the world of the future . 
 i described my fears , that the world might face destruction regardless of who won the war of the scars , and that i might be in some way linked to the fall of mankind . 
 i told about discovering harkat 's true identity and returning home . 
 a quick rundown of our recent travels with the cirque du freak . 
 then the latest cruel chapter , in which tommy died and i learnt that steve had a son . 
 i had n't thought much about tommy since that night . 
 i knew the police were scouring the city in search of his killers , and that r.v. and morgan james had killed eight others and wounded many more in the stadium . 
 but i did n't know what the general public made of the murders , or if i 'd been identified as a suspect - maybe steve was setting me up to take the blame for this . 
 i asked debbie to bring me all the local papers from the last few days . 
 there were poor pictures of r.v. -lrb- full-vampaneze could n't be photographed , but r.v. 's molecular system must not have changed yet -rrb- and morgan james , but none of me . 
 there was a brief mention of the incident outside the ground , when i 'd been attacked , but the police did n't seem to place much importance on it or link it with the stadium murders . 
 `` were you close to him ? '' 
 debbie asked , tapping a photo of a smiling tommy jones . 
 she was sitting on the end of my bed , watching me while i read the papers . 
 she 'd been spending a lot of time with me during my recovery , nursing me , chatting with me , telling me about her life . 
 `` we were good friends when we were kids , '' i sighed . 
 `` do you think he knew about steve or the vampaneze ? '' 
 debbie asked . 
 `` no . 
 he was an innocent victim . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` but did n't he say he had something important to tell you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he said there were things we had to discuss about steve , but he was n't specific . 
 i do n't think it had anything to do with this . '' 
 `` it scares me , '' debbie said , taking the paper from me and folding it over . 
 `` you 're scared because they killed tommy ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` no - because they did it in front of tens of thousands of people . 
 they must be full of confidence , afraid of nothing . 
 they would n't have dared pull a stunt like this a few years ago . 
 they 're growing more powerful all the time . '' 
 `` over-confidence may prove to be their undoing , '' i grunted . 
 `` they were safer when nobody knew about them . 
 confidence has brought them out into the light , but they seem to have forgotten - light 's no good for creatures of the night . '' 
 debbie put the paper aside . 
 `` how 's your shoulder ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not too bad , '' i said . 
 `` but alices stitch work leaves a lot to be desired - i 'm going to have a terrible scar when the wound heals . '' 
 `` another one for the collection , '' debbie laughed . 
 her smile faded . 
 `` i noticed a new scar on your back , long and deep . 
 did you get it when you went away with harkat ? '' 
 i nodded , remembering the monstrous grotesque , how one of its fangs had caught between my shoulder blades and ripped downwards sharply . 
 `` you still have n't told me what happened , or where you went , '' debbie said . 
 i sighed . 
 `` it 's not something we need to talk about right now . '' 
 `` but you found out who harkat was ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said and let the matter drop . 
 i did n't like concealing secrets from debbie , but if that wasteworld really was the future , i saw no reason to burden debbie with foreknowledge of it . 
 i woke early the next morning with a terrible headache . 
 there was a small crack between the curtains , and although only a thin shaft of light was visible , i felt as if a strong torch was being shone directly into my eyes . 
 groaning , i stumbled out of bed and pulled the curtains closed . 
 that helped , but my headache did n't improve . 
 i lay as still as i could , hoping it would go away . 
 when it did n't , i got out of bed again , meaning to go downstairs and get some aspirin . 
 i passed harkat on my way . 
 he was leaning against a wall , asleep , although his lidless eyes were - as always - wide open . 
 i had taken a few steps down the stairs when a wave of giddiness overcame me and i fell . 
 i grabbed for the banister , managed to catch it before i toppled over , and slid to a bruising halt halfway down the stairs . 
 head ringing , i sat up and looked around , dazed , wondering if this was an after-effect of my wounded shoulder . 
 i tried shouting for help but i could only work up a croak . 
 a short while later , as i lay on the stairs , gathering my strength in an effort to crawl back to my room , debbie walked by the top of the staircase . 
 she caught sight of me and stopped . 
 i raised my head to call her name , but again i could only form a choked croak . 
 `` declan ? '' 
 debbie asked , taking a step forward . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you have n't been drinking again , have you ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 why had she confused me with declan ? 
 we looked nothing alike . 
 as debbie climbed down to help , she realized i was n't the tramp . 
 she stopped , coming on guard . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` it 's ? 
 me , '' i gasped , but she did n't hear . 
 `` alice ! '' 
 debbie shouted . 
 `` harkat ! '' 
 at her cry , alice and harkat came running and joined her at the top of the stairs . 
 `` is it one of declan or little kenny 's friends ? '' 
 alice asked . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' debbie said . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 alice challenged me . 
 `` tell us , quick , or ? '' 
 `` wait , '' harkat interrupted . 
 he stepped past the women and stared hard at me , then grimaced . 
 `` as if we have n't enough ? 
 problems ! '' 
 he hurried down the steps . 
 `` it 's ok , '' he told alice and debbie as he picked me up . 
 `` it 's darren . '' 
 `` darren ? '' 
 debbie exclaimed . 
 `` but he 's covered in hair ! '' 
 and i realized why she had n't recognized me . 
 overnight , my hair had sprouted and i 'd grown a beard . 
 `` the purge ! '' 
 i wheezed . 
 `` the second phase , '' harkat nodded . 
 `` you know what ? 
 this means ? '' 
 yes - it meant my time as a half-vampire was almost at an end . 
 within a few weeks the vampire blood within my veins would transform all of the human cells and i 'd become a true , night-hugging , sunlight-fearing creature of the dark . 
 i explained the purge to debbie and alice . 
 my vampire cells were attacking my human cells , converting them . 
 within weeks i 'd be a full-vampire . 
 in the meantime my body would mature rapidly and undergo all kinds of inconveniences . 
 apart from the hair , my senses would go haywire . 
 i 'd suffer headaches . 
 i 'd have to cover my eyes and plug up my nose and ears . 
 my sense of taste would desert me . 
 i 'd experience sudden bursts of energy then loss of strength . 
 `` it 's terrible timing , '' i complained to debbie later in the day . 
 harkat and alice were busy elsewhere in the house while debbie helped me cut my hair and shave . 
 `` what 's so bad about it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm vulnerable , '' i said . 
 `` my head 's pounding . 
 i ca n't see , hear or smell right . 
 i do n't know what my body 's going to do from one minute to the next . 
 if we get into a fight with the vampaneze any time soon , i ca n't be depended upon . '' 
 `` but you 're stronger than normal during the purge , are n't you ? '' 
 `` sometimes . 
 but that strength can dwindle away suddenly , leaving me weak and defenceless . 
 and there 's no way of predicting when that will happen . '' 
 `` what about afterwards ? '' 
 debbie asked , trimming my fringe . 
 `` you 'll be a full-vampire ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you 'll be able to flit and communicate telepathically with other vampires ? '' 
 `` not straightaway , '' i told her . 
 `` the ability will be there , but i 'll have to develop it . 
 i 've got a lot of learning to do over the next few years . '' 
 `` you do n't sound too happy about it , '' debbie noted . 
 i pulled a face . 
 `` in many ways i 'm glad - i 'll finally be a true vampire , as a prince should be . 
 i 've always felt awkward , being a half-vampire and having so much power . 
 on the other hand i 'm facing the end of a way of life . 
 no more sunlight or being able to pass for human . 
 i 've enjoyed the best of both worlds since i was blooded . 
 now i have to leave one of them - the human world - behind for ever . '' 
 i sighed moodily . 
 debbie thought about that in silence , cutting my hair back . 
 then she said quietly , `` you 'll be an adult at the end , wo n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i snorted . 
 `` that 's another change i 'm not sure about . 
 i 've been a child or teenager for the better part of thirty years . 
 to leave that behind in the space of a few weeks ? 
 it 's weird ! '' 
 `` but wonderful , '' debbie said . 
 she stopped cutting and stepped in front of me . 
 `` do you remember when you tried to kiss me a few years ago ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i grimaced . 
 `` that 's when i was pretending to be a student , and you were my teacher . 
 you hit the roof and ordered me out of your apartment . '' 
 `` rightly so , '' debbie grinned . 
 `` as a teacher - an adult - it would be wrong of me to get involved with a child . 
 i could n't kiss you then , and i ca n't kiss you now . 
 it 'd feel terribly wrong kissing a boy . '' 
 her grin changed subtly , mysteriously . 
 `` but in a few weeks , you wo n't be a boy . 
 you 'll be a man . '' 
 a benefit of the purge was that my wound healed quickly and i got my strength back . 
 a couple of days later , i was almost back to full physical fitness , except for my headaches and growing pains . 
 i was doing press-ups on the floor of my bedroom , working off some of my excess energy , when i heard debbie squeal downstairs . 
 i stopped instantly and shared a worried look with harkat , who was standing guard by the door . 
 i hurried to his side and removed one of the earplugs i was wearing to block out the worst of the street noises . 
 `` should we go down ? '' 
 harkat asked , opening the door a crack . 
 we could hear debbie babbling excitedly , and as we listened , alice joined her and also began to talk very quickly . 
 `` i do n't think anything 's wrong , '' i said , frowning . 
 `` they seem happy , as if an old friend has ? '' 
 i stopped and slapped my forehead . 
 harkat laughed , then both of us said at exactly the same time , `` vancha ! '' 
 throwing the door wide open , we barged down the stairs and found debbie and alice chatting with a burly , red-skinned , green-haired man , dressed in purple animal hides and no shoes , with belts of sharp throwing stars - shurikens - looped around his torso . 
 `` vancha ! '' 
 i shouted happily , clutching his arms and squeezing tight . 
 `` it is good to see you again , sire , '' vancha said with surprising politeness . 
 then he burst into a grin and hugged me tight . 
 `` darren ! '' 
 he boomed . 
 `` i 've missed you ! '' 
 turning to harkat , he laughed . 
 `` i missed you too , ugly ! '' 
 `` look who 's talking ! '' 
 harkat grinned . 
 `` it 's great to see you both , but of course i 'm most pleased to see the ladies , '' vancha said , releasing me and winking at debbie and alice . 
 `` female beauty 's what we hot-blooded men live for , aye ? '' 
 `` he 's a born flatterer , '' alice sniffed . 
 `` i bet he says that to every woman he meets . '' 
 `` naturally , '' vancha murmured , `` because all women are beautiful , in one way or another . 
 but you 're more beautiful than most , my dear - an angel of the night ! '' 
 alice snorted with contempt , but there was a strange little smile playing at the corners of her lips . 
 vancha looped his arms around debbie and alice and guided us into the living room , as though this was his house and we were the guests . 
 sitting down , making himself comfortable , he told debbie to go fetch some food . 
 she told him - in no uncertain terms - that he could do his own fetching while he was here , and he laughed with delight . 
 it was refreshing to see that the war of the scars had n't changed vancha march . 
 he was as loud and lively as ever . 
 he filled us in on his recent movements , the countries he 'd explored , the vampaneze and vampets he 'd killed , making it sound like a big , exciting adventure , free from all consequences . 
 `` when i heard that leonard was here , i came as quickly as i could , '' vancha concluded . 
 `` i flitted without rest . 
 i have n't missed him , have i ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` we have n't heard from him since the night he almost killed me . '' 
 `` but what does your heart tell you ? '' 
 vancha asked , his large eyes weighing heavy upon me , his small mouth closed in a tight , expectant line . 
 `` he 's here , '' i said softly . 
 `` he 's waiting for me - forus . 
 i think this is where mr tiny 's prophecy will be tested . 
 we 'll face him on these streets - or beneath - and we 'll kill him or he 'll kill us . 
 and that will be the end of the war of the scars . 
 except ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 vancha asked when i did n't continue . 
 `` there was supposed to be one final encounter . 
 four times our path was due to cross with his . 
 when he had me at his mercy recently , that was the fourth time , but we 're both still alive . 
 maybe mr tiny got it wrong . 
 maybe his prophecy does n't hold true any longer . '' 
 vancha mulled that one over . 
 `` perhaps you have a point , '' he said uncertainly . 
 `` but as much as i despise des tiny , i have to admit he does n't make many mistakes when it comes to prophecies - in fact none that i 've heard of . 
 he told youwe would have four chances to kill leonard , aye ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` then maybe we both have to be there . 
 perhaps your solo encounter does n't count . '' 
 `` it would have counted if he 'd killed me , '' i grunted . 
 `` but he did n't , '' vancha said . 
 `` maybe he could n't . 
 perhaps it simply was n't his destiny . '' 
 `` if you 're right , that means we 're going to run into him again , '' i said . 
 `` aye , '' vancha said . 
 `` a fight to the death . 
 except if he wins , he wo n't kill both of us . 
 evanna said one of us would survive if we lost . '' 
 evanna was a witch , the daughter of mr tiny . 
 i 'd almost forgotten that part of the prophecy . 
 if steve won , he 'd leave one of us alive , to witness the downfall of the clan . 
 there was a long , troubled silence as we thought about the prophecy and the dangers we faced . 
 vancha broke it by clapping loudly . 
 `` enough of the doom and gloom ! 
 what about you two ? '' 
 he nodded at harkat and me . 
 `` how did your quest go ? 
 do we know who harkat used to be ? '' 
 `` yes , '' harkat said . 
 he glanced at debbie and alice . 
 `` i do n't wish to be rude , but could you ? 
 leave us alone for a while ? '' 
 `` is thismen 's talk ? '' 
 alice asked mockingly . 
 `` no , '' harkat chuckled . 
 `` it ` sprince 's talk . '' 
 `` we 'll be upstairs , '' debbie said . 
 `` call us when you 're ready . '' 
 vancha stood and bowed as the ladies were leaving . 
 when he sat again , his expression was curious . 
 `` why the secrecy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's about who i was , '' harkat said , `` and where ? 
 we learnt the truth . 
 we do n't think we should discuss it ? 
 in front of anybody except a prince . '' 
 `` intriguing , '' vancha said , leaning forward eagerly . 
 we gave vancha a quick rundown of our quest through the wastelands , the creatures we 'd battled , meeting evanna , the mad sailor - spits abrams - and the dragons . 
 he said nothing , but listened enthralled . 
 when we told him about pulling kurda smahlt out of the lake of souls , vancha 's jaw dropped . 
 `` but it ca n't be ! '' 
 he protested . 
 `` harkat was alive before kurda died . '' 
 `` mr tiny can move through time , '' i said . 
 `` he created harkat from kurda 's remains , then took him into the past , so that he could serve as my protector . '' 
 vancha blinked slowly . 
 then his features clouded over with rage - and fear . 
 `` damn that desmond tiny ! 
 i always knew he was powerful , but to be able to meddle with time itself ? 
 what manner of diabolical beast is he ? '' 
 it was a rhetorical question , so we did n't attempt to answer it . 
 instead we finished by telling him how kurda had chosen to sacrifice himself - he and harkat shared a soul , so only one of them could live at any given time - leaving us free to return to the present . 
 `` thepresent ? '' 
 vancha snapped . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 harkat told him about our theory - that the wasteworld was the future . 
 when he heard that , vancha trembled as though a cold wind had sliced through him . 
 `` i never thought the war of the scars could be that crucial , '' he said softly . 
 `` i knew our future was at stake , but i never dreamt we could drag humanity down with us . '' 
 he shook his head and turned away , muttering , `` i need to think about this . '' 
 harkat and i said nothing while vancha deliberated . 
 minutes passed . 
 a quarter of an hour . 
 half an hour . 
 finally he heaved a large sigh and turned to face us . 
 `` these are grim tidings , '' he said . 
 `` but perhaps not as grim as they seem . 
 from what you 've told me , i believe that tiny did take you into the future - but i also believe he would n't have done so without good reason . 
 he might have been simply mocking you , but it might also have been a warning . 
 `` that damned future must be what we face if we lose the war of the scars . 
 steve leonard is the sort who 'd level the world and bring it to ruin . 
 but if we win , we can prevent that . 
 when tiny came to vampire mountain , he told us there were two possible futures , did n't he ? 
 one where the vampaneze win the war , and one where the vampires win . 
 i think tiny gave you a glimpse of the former future to drive home the point that wehave to win this war . 
 it 's not just ourselves we 're fighting for - it 's the entire world . 
 the wasteworld is one future - i 'm sure the world where we 've won is completely different . '' 
 `` it makes sense , '' harkat agreed . 
 `` if both futures currently exist ? 
 he might have been able to choose which ? 
 to take us to . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i sighed , unconvinced . 
 i was thinking again about the vision i 'd had shortly after we 'd first met evanna , when harkat had been plagued by nightmares . 
 evanna helped me put a stop to them , by sending me into his dreams . 
 in the dream , i 'd faced a being of immense power - the lord of the shadows . 
 evanna told me this master of evil was part of the future , and the road there was paved with dead souls . 
 she 'd also told me that could be one of two people - steve leopard orme . 
 the uncertainties came rushing back . 
 i was unable to share vancha and harkat 's view that one future was bright and cheery where the other was dark and miserable . 
 i felt we were heading for big-scale trouble , whichever way the war of the scars swung . 
 but i kept my opinions to myself - i did n't want to come across as a prophetof doom . 
 `` so ! '' 
 vancha laughed , startling me out of my dark thoughts . 
 `` we just have to make sure we kill steve leonard , aye ? '' 
 `` aye , '' i said , grinning sickly . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` does it alter your opinion of me ? 
 now that you know i was once a vampire traitor ? '' 
 `` no , '' vancha said . 
 `` i never liked you much anyway . '' 
 he spat into his right palm , ran the spit through his hair , then winked to show he was joking . 
 `` seriously , you were right not to broadcast the news . 
 we 'll keep it to ourselves . 
 i always believed that although kurda acted stupidly , he acted with the best interests of the clan at heart . 
 but there are many who do n't share that view . 
 if they knew the truth about you , it might divide them . 
 internal argument is the last thing we need . 
 that 'd be playing straight into the hands of the vampaneze . 
 `` as for who harkat is now ? '' 
 vancha studied the little person . 
 `` i know you and trust you . 
 i believe you 've learnt from kurda 's faults . 
 you wo n't betray us again , will you , harkat ? '' 
 `` no , '' harkat said softly . 
 `` but i 'm still in favour of a treaty ? 
 between the two clans . 
 if i can help bring that about through peaceful ? 
 means , by talking , i will . 
 this war of the scars is destroying ? 
 both families of the night , and it threatens to destroy ? 
 even more . '' 
 `` but you recognize the need to fight ? '' 
 vancha said sharply . 
 `` i recognize the need to kill steve ? 
 leonard , '' harkat said . 
 `` after that , i 'll push for peace ? 
 if i can . 
 but openly - no plotting or intrigue ? 
 this time . '' 
 vancha considered that in silence , then shrugged . 
 `` so be it . 
 i 've nothing personal against the vampaneze . 
 if we kill leonard and they agree to a truce , i 'm all for it . 
 now , '' he continued , scratching his chin , `` where do you think leonard 's holed up ? '' 
 `` probably somewhere deep underground , '' i said . 
 `` you think he 's preparing a grand-scale trap , like before ? '' 
 vancha asked . 
 `` no , '' harkat said . 
 `` vampaneze have been active here . 
 that 's why debbie and alice came . 
 but if there were dozens of them , like ? 
 the last time , the death count would be higher . 
 i do n't think steve has as many ? 
 vampaneze with him as when we faced him ? 
 in the cavern of retribution . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right , '' vancha said . 
 he glanced at me sideways . 
 `` how did my brother look ? '' 
 vancha and gannen harst were estranged brothers . 
 `` tired , '' i said . 
 `` strained . 
 unhappy . '' 
 `` not hard to imagine why , '' vancha grunted . 
 `` i 'll never understand why gannen and the others follow a maniac like leonard . 
 the vampaneze were content the way they were . 
 they did n't seek to crush the vampires or provoke a war . 
 it makes no sense for them to flock to that demon and pledge themselves to him . '' 
 `` it 's part of mr tiny 's prophecy , '' harkat said . 
 `` as kurda , i spent much time with ? 
 the vampaneze , researching their ways . 
 you know about their coffin of fire . 
 when a person lies within , it fills ? 
 with flames . 
 all normal people die in it . 
 only the lord of the vampaneze ? 
 can survive . 
 mr tiny told the vampaneze that if they did n't ? 
 obey that person and do all that he commanded , they 'd ? 
 be wiped from the face of the earth . 
 most of the vampaneze fight to preserve themselves ? 
 not to destroy the vampires . '' 
 vancha nodded slowly . 
 `` then they 're motivated by fear for their lives , not hatred of us . 
 i understand now . . 
 after all , is n't that why we 're fighting too - to save ourselves ? '' 
 `` both fighting for the same reason , '' harkat chuckled humourlessly . 
 `` both terrified of the ? 
 same thing . 
 of course , if neither side fought ? 
 both would be safe . 
 mr tiny is playing the creatures of the night ? 
 for fools , and we 're helping him . '' 
 `` aye , '' vancha grunted disgustedly . 
 `` but there 's no use moaning about how we got ourselves into this sorry state . 
 the fact is , we fight because we must . '' 
 vancha stood and stretched . 
 there were dark rims around his eyes . 
 he looked like a man who had n't slept properly for a very long time . 
 the last two years must have been tough for him . 
 although he had n't mentioned mr crepsley , i was sure the dead vampire was never far from his thoughts . 
 vancha , like i , probably felt a certain amount of guilt - the two of us had given mr crepsley the go-ahead to face the vampaneze lord . 
 if either of us had taken his place , he 'd be alive now . 
 it looked to me like vancha had been pushing himself to his limits in his hunt to find the lord of the vampaneze - and was rapidly nearing them . 
 `` you should rest , sire , '' i said . 
 `` if you flitted all the way here , you must be exhausted . '' 
 `` i 'll rest when leonard is dead , '' vancha grunted . 
 `` or myself , '' he added softly , under his breath . 
 i do n't think he realized he 'd spoken aloud . 
 `` now ! '' 
 vancha said , raising his voice . 
 `` enough self-pity and misery . 
 we 're here and leonard 's here - it does n't take a genius to see that an old-fashioned scrap to the death 's on the agenda . 
 the question is , do we wait for him to come to us , or do we seize the initiative and go looking for him ? '' 
 `` we would n't know where ? 
 to look , '' harkat said . 
 `` he could be anywhere . '' 
 `` so we look everywhere , '' vancha grinned . 
 `` but where do we start ? 
 darren ? '' 
 `` his son , '' i said immediately . 
 `` darius is an unusual name . 
 there ca n't be too many of them . 
 we ask around , find out where he lives , track steve through him . '' 
 `` use the son to get to the father , '' vancha hummed . 
 `` ignoble , but probably the best way . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` the boy worries me . 
 leonard 's a nasty piece of work , a formidable foe . 
 but if his son has the same evil blood , and has been trained in leonard 's wicked ways since birth , he could be even worse ! '' 
 `` i agree , '' i said quietly . 
 `` can you kill a child , darren ? '' 
 vancha asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , unable to meet his eyes . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 hopefully it wo n't come to that . '' 
 `` it 's no good hoping , '' harkat objected . 
 `` going after the boy is wrong . 
 just because steve has no morals does n't ? 
 mean we should act like savages too . 
 children should be kept out ? 
 of this . '' 
 `` so what 's your suggestion ? '' 
 vancha asked . 
 `` we should return to the ? 
 cirque du freak , '' harkat said . 
 `` hibernius might be able to tell us more ? 
 about what we should do . 
 even if he 's unable to help , steve knows ? 
 where the cirque is camped . 
 he 'll find us there . 
 we can wait for him . '' 
 `` i do n't like the idea of being a sitting target , '' vancha growled . 
 `` you 'd rather chase children ? '' 
 harkat countered . 
 vancha stiffened , then relaxed . 
 `` perhaps no-ears has a point , '' he said . 
 `` it can certainly do no harm to ask hibernius for his opinion . '' 
 `` ok , '' i said . 
 `` but we 'll wait for night - my eyes ca n't take the sun . '' 
 `` so that 's why your ears and nose are stuffed ! '' 
 vancha laughed . 
 `` the purge ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it struck a couple of days ago . '' 
 `` will you be able to pull your weight , '' vancha asked directly , `` or should we wait for it to pass ? '' 
 `` i 'll do my best , '' i said . 
 `` i ca n't make any guarantees , but i think i 'll be ok . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 vancha nodded at the ceiling . 
 `` what about the ladies ? 
 do we tell them what we 're up to ? '' 
 `` not all of it , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll take them to the cirque du freak and tell them we 're hunting steve . 
 but let 's not mention darius - debbie would n't think much of our plan to use a child . '' 
 when night fell , we departed . 
 declan andlittle kenny bid us farewell . 
 they were settling down in the living room , mobile phones laid in front of them like swords . 
 debbie and alice 's vampirites had been scouring the town for traces of steve and the other vampaneze since the massacre in the stadium . 
 declan and little kenny were to coordinate that search in the ladies ' absence . 
 `` you have our numbers , '' alice said to declan as we were leaving . 
 `` call if you have anything to report , no matter how trivial it might seem . '' 
 `` will do , '' declan grinned , saluting clumsily . 
 `` try not to get yourself shot this time , '' little kenny said to me , winking . 
 alice and debbie had a rented van . 
 we piled in , harkat and vancha in the back , covered by several blankets . 
 `` if we 're stopped and searched , you two will have to break free , '' alice told them . 
 `` we 'll act like we did n't know you were there . 
 it 'll be easier that way . '' 
 `` you mean you 'll act the innocent and string us out to dry , '' vancha grunted . 
 `` exactly , '' alice said . 
 even though it was night and the moon was only half-full , i wore sunglasses . 
 my eyes were especially sensitive that night , and i had a splitting headache . 
 i was also wearing earplugs and had little balls of cotton wool stuffed up my nose . 
 `` maybe you should stay behind , '' debbie said , noting my discomfort as alice switched on the engine . 
 `` i 'm ok , '' i groaned , squinting against the glare of the headlights , wincing at the roaring grumble of the engine . 
 `` we could walk , '' alice said , `` but we 're more likely to be stopped and searched . '' 
 `` i 'm ok , '' i said again , hunching down in my seat . 
 `` just do n't blow the horn . '' 
 the drive to the old football stadium where the cirque du freak was encamped was uneventful . 
 we passed two security checkpoints , but were waved through at each . 
 -lrb- i took my glasses off and removed the earplugs and cotton wool as we approached , so as not to arouse suspicion . -rrb- 
 alice parked outside the stadium . 
 we let harkat and vancha out of the back and walked in . 
 a big smile broke across my face as the tents and caravans came into sight - it was good to be home . 
 as we exited the tunnel and made for the campsite , we were spotted by a group of children playing on the outskirts . 
 one stood , studied us warily , then raced towards us , yelling , `` godfather ! 
 godfather ! '' 
 `` not so loud ! '' 
 i laughed , catching shancus as he leapt up to greet me . 
 i gave the snake-boy awelcome hug , then pushed him away - my skin was tingling as a result of the purge , and any form of contact was irritating . 
 `` why are you wearing sunglasses ? '' 
 shancus frowned . 
 `` it 's night . '' 
 `` you 're so ugly , i ca n't bear to look at you without protection , '' i said . 
 `` very funny , '' he snorted , then reached up , picked the cotton wool out of my left nostril , examined it , stuck it back in , and said , `` you 're weird ! '' 
 he looked behind me at vancha , debbie and alice . 
 `` i remember you lot , '' he said . 
 `` but not very well . 
 i was only a kid the last time i saw you . '' 
 smiling , i made the introductions . 
 `` oh yeah , '' shancus said when i told him debbie 's name . 
 `` you 're darren 's bird . '' 
 i spluttered with embarrassment and blushed bright red . 
 debbie just smiled and said , `` am i , indeed ? 
 who told you that ? '' 
 `` i heard mum and dad talking about you . 
 dad knows you from when you first met darren . 
 he said darren goes googly-eyed when you 're around . 
 he ? '' 
 `` that 's enough , '' i interrupted , wishing i could strangle him . 
 `` why do n't you show the ladies how you can stick your tongue up your nose ? '' 
 that distracted him , and he spent a couple of minutes showing off , telling alice and debbie about the act he performed on-stage with evra . 
 i caught debbie smiling at me sideways . 
 i smiled back weakly . 
 `` is truska still with the show ? '' 
 vancha asked . 
 `` yes , '' shancus said . 
 `` i must look her up later , '' vancha muttered , using a ball of spit to slick back his green hair . 
 the ugly , dirty prince fancied himself as something of a lady 's man - even though no ladies ever agreed with him ! 
 `` is mr tall in his van ? '' 
 harkat asked shancus . 
 `` i guess , '' shancus said . 
 then he glanced at debbie and alice and straightened up . 
 `` come with me , '' he said officiously . 
 `` i 'll lead you to him . '' 
 all five of us fell in behind the snake-boy as he led us through the campsite . 
 he kept up a running commentary , telling debbie and alice who the various tents and caravans belonged to , giving them a rundown of that night 's coming show . 
 as we neared mr tall 's van , we passed evra , merla and urcha . 
 they had the family snakes out in big tubs of water and were carefully scrubbing them down . 
 evra was delighted to see me and rushed over to check that i was all right . 
 `` i wanted to come visit , '' he said , `` but hibernius told me it was n't a good idea . 
 he said i might be followed . '' 
 `` the cirque 's being watched ? '' 
 vancha snapped , eyes narrowing . 
 `` he did n't say so in as many words , '' evra said . 
 `` but i 've felt eyes on my back a few times recently , late at night when i 've been wandering around . 
 i 'm not the only one . 
 we 've all been edgy here lately . '' 
 `` maybe we should n't have ? 
 come back , '' harkat said , worried . 
 `` too late now , '' vancha huffed . 
 `` let 's go see what hibernius has to say . '' 
 merla grabbed shancus as he made to lead the way again . 
 `` no you do n't , '' she said . 
 `` you 've a show to prepare for . 
 you need n't expect me to groom your snake for you every time you want to go and play with your friends . '' 
 `` aw , mum ! '' 
 shancus grumbled , but merla stuck a sponge in shancus 's hand and dragged him over to the snake i 'd bought for his birthday . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you later , '' i laughed , feeling sorry for him . 
 `` i 'll show you my new scar , where i was shot . '' 
 `` another one ? '' 
 shancus groaned . 
 he turned appealingly to evra . 
 `` how come darren gets all the excitement ? 
 why ca n'ti get into fights and have scars ? '' 
 `` your mother will scar your backside if you do n't get busy on that snake , '' evra responded , and winked at me over shancus 's head . 
 `` drop by when you have time . '' 
 `` i will , '' i promised . 
 we moved on . 
 mr tall was waiting for us at his van . 
 he was standing in the doorway , looking more impossibly towering than ever , eyes dark , face drawn . 
 `` i have been expecting you , '' he sighed , then stood aside and beckoned us in . 
 as i passed him , a strange shiver ran down my spine . 
 it took me a few seconds to realize what the sensation reminded me of - it was the same sort of feeling i got whenever i saw a dead person . 
 when we were all seated , mr tall closed the door , then sat on the floor in the middle of us , legs crossed neatly , huge bony hands resting on his knees . 
 `` i hope you do not think me rude for not visiting , '' he said to me . 
 `` i knew you would recover , and i had much to put in order here . '' 
 `` that 's ok , '' i smiled , taking off my sunglasses and putting them to one side . 
 `` it is good to see you again , vancha , '' mr tall said , and then welcomed debbie and alice . 
 `` now that the pleasantries are out of the way , '' vancha grunted , `` let 's get down to business . 
 you knew what was going to happen at the football arena , aye ? '' 
 `` i had my suspicions , '' mr tall said cagily , his lips barely moving . 
 `` but you let darren go regardless ? 
 you let his friend die ? '' 
 `` i did not ` let ' anything happen , '' mr tall disagreed . 
 `` events unfolded the way they had to . 
 it is not my place to interfere in the unravelling of destiny . 
 you know that , vancha . 
 we have had this conversation before . 
 several times . '' 
 `` and i still do n't buy it , '' vancha grumbled . 
 `` ifi had the power to see into the future , i 'd use it to help those i cared about . 
 you could have told us who the lord of the vampaneze was . 
 larten would be alive now if you 'd warned us in advance . '' 
 `` no , '' mr tall said . 
 `` larten would have died . 
 the circumstances might have differed , but his death was inevitable . 
 i could not have altered that . '' 
 `` you should still have tried , '' vancha persisted . 
 mr tall smiled thinly , then looked at me . 
 `` you have come to seek guidance . 
 you wish to know where your onetime friend , steve leonard , is . '' 
 `` can you tell us ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` no , '' mr tall said . 
 `` but rest assured , he will make himself known soon . 
 you will not have to dredge the depths for him . '' 
 `` does that mean he 's going to attack ? '' 
 vancha pressed . 
 `` is he nearby ? 
 when does he plan to strike ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` i grow weary of your questions , '' mr tall growled , his eyes flashing menacingly . 
 `` if i could step in and play an active part in the affairs of the vampire clan , i would . 
 it is much harder to stand back and watch , passively . 
 harder than you could ever imagine . 
 you wept for larten when he died - buti grieved for him for thirty years in advance , since glimpsing his probable death . '' 
 `` you mean ` you did n't know for ? 
 sure that he 'd die ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 `` i knew he would come to the point where it was his life or the lord of the vampaneze 's , but i could not see beyond that - though i feared the worst . '' 
 `` and what of our next encounter ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 `` when vancha and i face steve for the last time - who 'll die then ? '' 
 `` i do not know , '' mr tall said . 
 `` looking into the future is more often than not a painful experience . 
 it is better not to know the fate of your friends and loved ones . 
 i lift the lid off the present as seldom as possible . 
 there are times when i can not avoid it , when my own destiny forces me to look . 
 but only rarely . '' 
 `` so you do n't know if we 'll win or lose ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nobody knows that , '' mr tall said . 
 `` not even desmond tiny . '' 
 `` butif we lose , '' i said , and there was an edge to my voice now . 
 `` if the vampaneze are triumphant , and steve kills one of us - which will it be ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' mr tall said . 
 `` but you could find out , '' i pressed . 
 `` you could look into the future where we 've lost and see which of us survived . '' 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 mr tall sighed . 
 `` what profit would there be in it ? '' 
 `` i want to know , '' i insisted . 
 `` maybe it would be better ? '' 
 vancha began to say . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` imust know . 
 for two years i 've dreamt of the destruction of the clan , and listened to the screams of those who 'll perish if we fail . 
 if i 'm to die , so be it . 
 but tell me , please , so i can prepare myself for it . '' 
 `` i can not , '' mr tall said unhappily . 
 `` nobody can predict which of you will kill the vampaneze lord - or die at his hand . '' 
 `` then look further ahead , '' i pleaded . 
 `` go twenty years ahead , or thirty . 
 do you see vancha or me in that future ? '' 
 `` leave me out of this . ' '' 
 vancha snapped . 
 `` i do n't want to mess about with stuff like that . '' 
 `` then just look for me , '' i said , staring hard at mr tall . 
 mr tall held my gaze , then said quietly , `` you are sure ? '' 
 i stiffened . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 mr tall lowered his gaze and closed his eyes . 
 `` i can not be as specific as you state , but i will cast my eyes a number of decades forward and ? '' 
 mr tall trailed off into silence . 
 vancha , harkat , debbie , alice and i watched , awed , as his face twitched and glowed a light red colour . 
 the owner of the cirque du freak seemed to stop breathing and the temperature of the air dropped several degrees . 
 for five minutes he held that pose , face glowing and twitching , lips sealed . 
 then he breathed out , the glow faded , his eyes opened and the temperature returned to normal . 
 `` i have looked , '' he said , his expression unreadable . 
 `` and ? '' 
 i croaked . 
 `` i did not find you there . '' 
 i smiled bitterly . 
 `` i knew it . 
 if the clan falls , it will fall because ofme . 
 i 'm the doomed one in the future where we lose . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' mr tall said . 
 `` i looked fifty or sixty years ahead , long after the fall of the vampires . 
 you might have died after all of the others had been killed . '' 
 `` then bring it forward , '' i demanded . 
 `` look twenty or thirty years ahead . '' 
 `` no , '' mr tall said stiffly . 
 `` i have already seen more than i wished . 
 i do n't want to suffer any further tonight . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i huffed . 
 `` what have you suffered ? '' 
 `` grief , '' mr tall said . 
 he paused , then glanced at vancha . 
 `` i know you told me not to look for you , old friend , but i could n't help myself . '' 
 vancha cursed , then braced himself . 
 `` go on . 
 since this fool 's opened the can of worms , we might as well watch them wriggle . 
 hit me with the bad news . '' 
 vancha blinked slowly . 
 `` you 're saying i 'll die whether we win or lose ? '' 
 his voice was surprisingly steady . 
 `` is destined to destroy you , '' mr tall replied . 
 `` i can not say when or how it happens , but it will . '' 
 `` who 's this lord of the shadows ? '' 
 harkat asked . 
 i was the only person who 'd been told about him . 
 evanna had warned me not to speak of it to anybody else . 
 `` he 's the cruel leader who will ruin the world after the war of the scars , '' mr tall said . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' harkat grumbled . 
 `` if we kill steve , then there wo n't be a ? 
 lord of the bloody shadows . '' 
 `` oh , but there will , '' mr tall said . 
 `` the world is set to produce a monster of unimaginable power and fury . 
 his coming is unavoidable . 
 only his identity is yet to be determined - and that will be decided shortly . '' 
 `` the wasteworld , '' harkat said sickly . 
 `` you mean , even if we kill steve , that 's what ? 
 the future will be ? 
 the desolate land where darren and i found ? 
 out the truth about me - that 's what lies ? 
 in store ? '' 
 mr tall hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` i could not tell you before . 
 i have never spoken of matters such as this in the past . 
 but we are at the time where no harm can come of revealing it , since nothing can be done to avert it . 
 is upon us - within twenty-four hours he will be born , and all the world will tremble at his coming . '' 
 there was a long , stunned silence . 
 vancha , harkat , debbie and alice were filled with confusion , especially the latter pair , who knew nothing of the wasteworld of the future.i was filled with fear . 
 this was confirmation of all my worst nightmares . 
 would rise regardless of what happened in the war of the scars . 
 and not only could i not prevent his coming - in one of the futures , i wouldbe him . 
 which meant , if we won the war , at some stage in the next fifty or sixty years , along with all the other lives i 'd ruin , i would kill vancha too . 
 it seemed impossible . 
 it sounded like a sick joke . 
 but evanna and mr tall both had the gift of reading the future - and both had told me the same thing . 
 `` let me get this straight , '' vancha growled , breaking the silence and disrupting my train of thought . 
 `` no matter what happens between us and steve leonard - or in the war with the vampaneze - a lord of the shadows is going to come along and destroy the world ? '' 
 `` yes , '' mr tall said . 
 `` humans are soon to lose control of this planet . 
 the reins of power will be handed over . 
 this is written . 
 what remains to be seen is whether the reins pass to a vampaneze or ? 
 to a vampire . '' 
 he did n't look at me when he said that . 
 it might have been my imagination , but i got the feeling he had deliberately avoided making eye contact with me . 
 `` but regardless of who wins , i 'm for the chop ? '' 
 vancha pressed . 
 `` yes . '' 
 mr tall smiled . 
 `` but do not fear death , vancha , for it comes for us all . '' 
 his smile dimmed . 
 `` for some of us , it comes very soon . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 vancha snapped . 
 `` you 're not part of this . 
 no vampire or vampaneze would raise a hand against you . '' 
 `` that might be true , '' mr tall chuckled , `` but there are others in this world who do not hold me in such high esteem . '' 
 he cocked his head sideways and his expression mellowed . 
 `` and to prove my point ? '' 
 a woman screamed . 
 we all sprang to our feet and rushed to the door , except mr tall , who slowly rose behind us . 
 alice was first to the door . 
 flinging it open , she dived out , drew a gun , rolled when she hit the ground , then came to her knees . 
 vancha was next . 
 he leapt out , pulling a couple of shurikens free , jumping high to launch them from a height if he had to . 
 i was third . 
 i had no weapons , so i sprang over to where alice was , guessing she 'd be able to supply me with something . 
 harkat and debbie moved at the same time , harkat brandishing his axe , debbie pulling a pistol like alice 's . 
 behind them , mr tall stood in the doorway , gazing up at the sky . 
 then he stepped down . 
 there was nobody in sight , but we heard another scream , this time a child 's . 
 then a man gave a shout of panic - it was evra . 
 `` a weapon ! '' 
 i yelled at alice as she got to her feet . 
 with one hand she reached down and produced a short hunting knife from a pouch on her left leg . 
 `` stay behind me , '' alice commanded , homing in on the screams . 
 `` vancha to my left , debbie and harkat to my right . '' 
 we obeyed the ex-chief inspector , fanned out and advanced . 
 i could sense mr tall following , but i did n't look back . 
 a woman screamed again - merla , evra 's wife . 
 people spilt out of the caravans and tents around us , performers and staff , eager to help . 
 mr tall roared at them to keep out of this . 
 his voice was thunderous and they quickly bolted back inside . 
 i glanced over my shoulder , stunned by his fierceness . 
 he smiled apologetically . 
 `` this is our fight , not theirs , '' he said by way of explanation . 
 the `` our '' surprised me - was mr tall finally abandoning his neutrality ? 
 - but i had n't time to dwell upon it . 
 ahead of me , alice had cleared the end of a tent and come into sight of the disturbance . 
 a second later , i was on the scene too . 
 the vons - except lilia , who was n't present - were under attack . 
 their assailants - r.v. , morgan james and steve leopard 's son , darius ! 
 r.v. had killed evra 's snake and was in the process of chopping up shancus 's . 
 evra was fighting with the hook-handed madman , trying to drag him off . 
 shancus was in a wrestling lock with darius . 
 merla had hold of urcha , who was gripping his snake for dear life , sobbing pitifully . 
 they were backing away from morgan james . 
 he was following slowly , smiling a jagged half-faced smile , red circles of blood highlighting his evil little eyes . 
 the nose of his rifle was aimed at merla 's stomach . 
 vancha reacted quickest . 
 he sent a shuriken flying at morgan james 's rifle , knocking it off-target . 
 james 's finger tightened on the trigger at the contact and the rifle exploded - but the bullet shot wide . 
 before he could fire again , merla released urcha , ripped her right ear loose , and sent it flying at james 's face . 
 the ear struck him between the eyes and he fell back , grunting with surprise . 
 alerted to our presence , r.v. knocked evra out of the way and drove after shancus . 
 he grabbed him from darius and held him up , laughing , daring us to risk the snake-boy 's life . 
 `` i do n't have a clear shot ! '' 
 alice yelled . 
 `` i 've got morgan james covered ! '' 
 debbie shouted back . 
 `` then take him out ! '' 
 alice roared . 
 `` the boy dies if you hurt morgan ! '' 
 r.v. retorted , pressing the three blades of his hookedleft hand up into the scaly flesh of shancus 's throat . 
 shancus either did n't realize the danger he was in , or did n't care , because he kept kicking and punching r.v. . 
 but we saw the killer 's intent and paused . 
 `` let him go , hooky , '' vancha snarled , moving ahead of the rest of us , hands spread wide . 
 `` i 'll fight you man to man . '' 
 `` you 're no man , '' r.v. replied scornfully . 
 `` you 're scum , like all your race . 
 morgan ! 
 are you ok ? '' 
 `` uh 'm fuhn , '' morgan james groaned . 
 he picked up his rifle and aimed it at merla again . 
 `` not this time ! '' 
 harkat shouted , stepping in front of merla and swinging at james with his axe . 
 james leapt clear of the deadly blade . 
 across from him , darius drew a small arrow-gun and fired at harkat . 
 but he fired too hastily and the arrow flew high of its mark . 
 i threw myself at darius , meaning to grab and hold him , as r.v. was holding shancus . 
 but shancus 's snake was thrashing wildly in its death throes , and i tripped over it before i could bring my hands together around darius 's throat . 
 flying forward , i crashed into evra , who was rushing to his son 's aid . 
 we both fell over , wrapped in the dying snake 's coils . 
 during the confusion , morgan james and darius regrouped around r.v. alice , debbie , harkat and vancha hung back , unable to pursue them for fear that r.v. would kill shancus . 
 `` let him go ! '' 
 merla screamed , eyes filled with tears of desperation . 
 `` make me ! '' 
 r.v. jeered . 
 `` you ca n't get out of here , '' vancha said as r.v. backed away . 
 `` who 's going to stop us ? '' 
 r.v. mocked him . 
 evra was back on his feet and he made to run after the retreating trio . 
 r.v. dug his hooks deeper into shancus 's throat . 
 `` no you do n't ! '' 
 he sang , and evra froze . 
 `` please , '' debbie said , lowering her pistol . 
 `` release the boy and we 'll let you leave unharmed . '' 
 `` you 're in no position to make deals , '' r.v. laughed . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` the snake-boy , '' r.v. giggled . 
 `` he 's no good to you . '' 
 i took a determined step forward . 
 `` take me instead . 
 i 'll swap for shancus . '' 
 i expected r.v. to leap at my offer , but he only shook his head slyly , red eyes shining . 
 `` stuff it , shan , '' he said . 
 `` we 're taking the boy . 
 if you get in our way , he dies . '' 
 i glanced around at my allies - nobody was reacting . 
 the vampaneze had us in a bind . 
 vancha could move with the speed of a full-vampire , and debbie and alice both had guns . 
 but r.v. could kill shancus before any of us could stop him . 
 r.v. , morgan james and darius continued to back away . 
 r.v. and james were grinning , but darius looked the same way he 'd looked after shooting me - scared and slightly sickened . 
 then , as the rest of us hesitated , mr tall spoke . 
 `` i can not allow this . '' 
 r.v. paused uncertainly . 
 `` this is none of your business ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` keep your nose out of it . '' 
 `` you have made it my business , '' mr tall disagreed quietly . 
 `` this is my home . 
 these are my people . 
 i must intervene . '' 
 `` do n't be a ? '' 
 r.v. yelled , but before he got any further , mr tall was upon him . 
 he moved at a supernatural speed which even a vampire could n't match . 
 in less than a flash of an eye he was in front of r.v. , his hands on the lunatic 's hooks . 
 he wrenched them away from shancus 's throat , tore two of the hooks off the left hand , and one off the right . 
 `` my hands ! '' 
 r.v. screamed in agony , as though the gold and silver hooks were part of his flesh . 
 `` leave my hands alone , you ? '' 
 mr tall 's midriff erupted in a fountain of dark red blood and white chips of bone . 
 for a moment he stood , gripping r.v. 's hooks , as though nothing had happened . 
 then he collapsed , blood pumping out of the hole , his stomach torn to shreds . 
 r.v. and darius stared numbly at mr tall as he fell . 
 then morgan james screamed at them to run . 
 in a ragged unit they fled , r.v. clutching shancus , james firing wildly at us over his shoulder . 
 nobody followed . 
 our eyes were all on mr tall . 
 he was blinking rapidly , hands exploring the hole in his middle , lips torn back over his small black teeth . 
 i do n't think anybody knew how old mr tall was , or where he 'd come from . 
 but he was older than any vampire , a being of immense magic and power . 
 it was mind-boggling to think that he could have been brought low in so simple and violent a manner . 
 debbie snapped to her senses first and rushed towards mr tall , dropping her pistol , meaning to go to his aid . 
 the rest of us took a step after her ? ? 
 and stopped instantly when somebody spoke from the shadows of a nearby van . 
 `` your concern is commendable , but utterly worthless . 
 keep back , please . '' 
 a small man waddled forward , smiling glibly . 
 he was dressed in a sharp yellow suit and green wellington boots . 
 he had white hair , thick glasses , and a heart-shaped watch which he was twirling in his left hand.desmond tiny ! 
 behind him came his daughter , the witch , evanna - short , muscular , hairy , clad in ropes instead of clothes . 
 she had a small nose , pointed ears , a thin beard , and mismatched eyes , one brown , one green . 
 we gawped at the strange pair as they stopped beside the gasping mr tall and gazed down at him . 
 evanna 's face was strained . 
 mr tiny looked only curious . 
 with his right foot , he nudged mr tall where he 'd been shot . 
 mr tall hissed with pain . 
 `` leave him alone ! '' 
 debbie shouted . 
 `` shut up , please , or i 'll kill you , '' mr tiny replied . 
 though he said it sweetly , i 've no doubt he would have struck debbie down dead if she 'd said another word . 
 fortunately , she realized that too , and she held her tongue , trembling . 
 `` so , hibernius , '' mr tiny said . 
 `` your time here comes to an end . '' 
 `` you knew it would , '' mr tall replied , and his voice was remarkably firm . 
 `` yes , '' mr tiny nodded . 
 `` but didyou know ? '' 
 `` i guessed . '' 
 `` you could have turned aside from it . 
 your fate was never directly linked to these mortals . '' 
 `` for me , it was , '' mr tall said . 
 he was shivering badly , a dark pool of blood spreading out around him . 
 evanna took a step aside to avoid the blood , but mr tiny let it flow around his boots , staining the soles . 
 `` tiny ! '' 
 vancha snapped . 
 `` can you save him ? '' 
 `` no , '' mr tiny replied simply . 
 then he bent over mr tall and spread the fingers of his right hand . 
 he placed his middle finger in the centre of mr tall 's forehead , the adjoining fingers over his eyes , and held the thumb and little finger out at the sides . 
 `` even in death , may you be triumphant , '' he said with surprising softness then removed his fingers . 
 `` thank you , father , '' mr tall said . 
 he glanced up at evanna . 
 `` goodbye , sister . '' 
 `` i will remember you , '' the witch answered as the rest of us looked on , stunned by the revelation . 
 i 'd known about evanna 's twin brother , born , as she was , of a union between mr tiny and a wolf . 
 i 'd just never guessed it was mr tall . 
 evanna bent and kissed her brother 's forehead . 
 mr tall smiled , then his body shook , his eyes went wide , his neck stiffened - and he died . 
 mr tiny stood and turned . 
 there was one round tear of blood in the corner of each eye . 
 `` my son is dead , '' he said , in the same tone he 'd have used to comment on the weather . 
 `` we did n't know ! '' 
 vancha gasped . 
 `` he never cared to speak of his parentage . '' 
 mr tiny chuckled and kicked the dead mr tall 's head aside with the heel of his left foot . 
 `` i do n't know why . '' 
 i growled when he kicked mr tall , and started towards him angrily . 
 harkat and vancha did the same . 
 `` gentlemen , '' evanna said quietly . 
 `` if you waste time picking a fight with my father , the killers will escape with the young von boy . '' 
 we stopped short . 
 i 'd momentarily forgotten about shancus and the danger he was in . 
 the others had too . 
 now that we 'd been reminded , we shook our heads and snapped out of our daze . 
 `` we have to chase them , '' vancha said . 
 `` but what about mr tall ? '' 
 debbie cried . 
 `` he 's dead , '' vancha sniffed . 
 `` let hisfamily care for him . '' 
 mr tiny laughed at that , but we could n't afford to pay him any further heed . 
 grouping together without discussing it , the five of us set off . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 evra shouted . 
 i looked back and saw him exchange a wordless look with merla . 
 she half-nodded and he ran after us . 
 `` i 'm coming too , '' he said . 
 nobody argued . 
 accepting evra into our ranks , we raced away from merla , urcha , mr tiny , evanna and the dead mr tall , and hurried through the campsite in pursuit of shancus and his kidnappers . 
 as soon as we cleared the tunnel leading out of the stadium , we saw that our quarry had split . 
 to our right , r.v. was running away with shancus , headed into the heart of town . 
 to our left , morgan james and darius fled down the hill towards a river which flowed close by the stadium . 
 vancha took charge and made a swift decision . 
 `` alice and evra - with me . 
 we 'll go after r.v. and shancus . 
 darren , harkat and debbie - take morgan james and the boy . '' 
 i 'd rather have gone to shancus 's rescue , but vancha was more experienced than me . 
 nodding obediently , i swung left with harkat and debbie and we set off after the killer and his apprentice . 
 my headache had flared up savagely and i was half-blind as i flailed down the hill . 
 also , the sounds of my feet on the pavement as i ran were torture on my ears . 
 still , as a half-vampire i could run faster than harkat or debbie , and i 'd soon pulled ahead and was rapidly closing the gap on morgan james and darius . 
 james and darius stopped when they heard me coming and spun to face my charge . 
 i should have waited for harkat and debbie , rather than face them on my own , armed only with a knife . 
 but rage had taken hold of me . 
 i forged on heedlessly as they fired , james with his rifle , darius with his arrow-gun . 
 by the luck of the vampires , their bullets and arrows missed , and seconds later i was upon them , wild with fury , intent on revenge . 
 james swung at me with the butt of his rifle . 
 it struck my right shoulder , where i 'd been shot by darius . 
 i roared with pain but did n't falter . 
 i stabbed at james with my knife , aiming for his half-mangled face . 
 he ducked , and darius punched me in the ribs as i slid past . 
 i swatted the boy aside and stabbed at james again . 
 he laughed and grabbed me tight , wrestling me to the ground . 
 my face was pressed up close to the left side of morgan james 's head . 
 the skin was wrinkled and red , his teeth exposed behind the thin flesh of his lips , his eye a horrible glob in the middle of a ruined , scarred mess . 
 `` lyhk iht ? '' 
 james gurgled . 
 `` lovely ! '' 
 i sneered , rolling on top of him , poking for his eyes with my thumbs . 
 `` uh 'm gon na duh the shahm tuh yuh ! '' 
 james vowed , breaking my grip and driving his knee up into my stomach . 
 `` we 'll see ! '' 
 i grunted , falling away slightly , then coming back at him . 
 i managed to stick my knife in , but only into his arm . 
 i was aware of the boy battering me with his arrow-gun , trying to beat me off . 
 i ignored him and focused on morgan james . 
 i was stronger than the vampet , but he was larger and a seasoned fighter . 
 he wriggled beneath me , digging his knees and elbows into the flesh of my stomach and groin , spitting into my eyes . 
 there was a painful white light building inside my head . 
 i felt like screaming and clapping my hands over my ears . 
 but instead i bit into the flesh of james 's upper left arm and ripped a chunk away . 
 james screeched like a cat and shoved me off , lent strength by his pain . 
 as i fell aside , darius kicked me hard in the head and i lost my bearings for a second or two . 
 when i recovered , james was on top of me . 
 he pushed my head back with his left hand and brought up my own knife - which i 'd dropped in the fight - with his right , meaning to slitmy throat . 
 i grabbed for the knife . 
 missed . 
 grabbed again . 
 knocked it aside . 
 grabbed a third time - then stopped , tensed my muscles and shut my eyes . 
 james gave a little shiver of delight . 
 he thought i 'd given up . 
 what he did n't realize was that i 'd caught sight of harkat behind him , swinging his axe . 
 there was a whishing sound - darius started to shout a warning - then a heavy thud . 
 my eyes opened . 
 i caught a glimpse of morgan james 's head rolling away into darkness , severed from its body by one powerful blow of harkat 's axe . 
 then blood gushed from the stump of james 's neck . 
 i shut my eyes again as i was drenched in a burst of hot red liquid . 
 james fell over lifelessly . 
 i pushed myself up , opened my eyes , wiped blood from my face , and slid out from beneath the beheaded body of morgan james . 
 darius was standing next to me , staring numbly at his felled companion . 
 blood had hit the boy also , drenching his trousers . 
 i stood . 
 my legs were trembling . 
 my head was filled with white noise . 
 blood congealed in my hair and dripped from my face . 
 i wanted to be sick . 
 but i knew what i must do . 
 hatred motivated me . 
 debbie stopped me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed , racing up behind me . 
 there was such terror in her voice , that even in the midst of my bloodlust , i paused . 
 she pulled up beside me , panting hard , eyes wide with horror . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she wheezed , shaking her head desperately . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i snarled . 
 `` he 's a child ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` no - he 's steve leopard 's son , '' i contradicted her . 
 `` a killer , like his father . '' 
 `` he has n't killed anyone , '' debbie objected . 
 `` morgan james killed mr tall . 
 now he 's dead , you 're even . 
 you do n't have to kill the boy too . '' 
 `` i 'll kill them all ! '' 
 i screamed madly . 
 it was like i 'd become a different person , a bloodthirsty reaper . 
 `` every vampaneze must die ! 
 every vampet ! 
 everyone who aids them ! '' 
 `` even the children ? '' 
 debbie asked sickly . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i roared . 
 my headache was the worst it had ever been . 
 it was like red-hot pins were being pushed through my skull from the inside out . 
 part of me knew this was wrong , but a larger part had seized on the hatred and urge to kill . 
 that merciless part was screaming for revenge . 
 `` harkat , '' debbie appealed to the little person . 
 `` make him see sense ! '' 
 harkat shook his neckless head . 
 `` i do n't think i can stop him , '' he said , staring at me as if he did n't know me . 
 `` you have to try ! '' 
 debbie shrieked . 
 `` i do n't know if i ? 
 have the right , '' harkat muttered . 
 debbie turned to me again . 
 she was crying . 
 `` you must n't do this , '' she wept . 
 `` it 's my duty , '' i said stiffly . 
 she spat at my feet . 
 `` that 's what i think of yourduty ! 
 you 'll become a monster if you kill that boy . 
 you 'll be no better than steve . '' 
 i stopped . 
 her words had sparked a memory deep within me . 
 i found myself thinking about mr crepsley and his last words to me before he died . 
 he warned me not to devote my life to hatred . 
 kill steve leopard if the chance presented itself - but do n't give myself over to some insane revenge quest . 
 what would he have done in my place ? 
 kill the boy ? 
 yes , if necessary . 
 butwas it ? 
 did i want to kill darius because i feared him and felt he had to be eliminated for the good of us all - or because i wanted to hurt steve ? 
 i gazed into the boy 's eyes . 
 they were fearful , but behind the fear there was ? 
 sorrow . 
 in steve 's eyes , evil lurked deep down . 
 not in darius . 
 he was more human than his father . 
 my knife was still pressed to his throat . 
 it had sliced thinly into his flesh . 
 little rivulets of blood trickled down his neck . 
 `` you 'll destroy yourself , '' debbie whispered hoarsely . 
 `` you 'll be worse than steve.he ca n't tell the difference between right and wrong.you can . 
 he can live with his wickedness because he does n't know any better , but it will eat you away . 
 do n't do it , darren . 
 we do n't wage war on children . '' 
 i stared at her , tears in my eyes . 
 i knew she was right . 
 i wanted to take the knife away . 
 i could n't believe i 'd even tried to kill the boy . 
 but still there was part of me that wanted to take his life . 
 something had awoken within me , a darren shan i 'd never known existed , and he was n't going to lie down without a fight . 
 my fingers shook as they held the knife , but the furious angel of revenge inside me would n't let me lower them . 
 `` go ahead and kill me , '' darius snarled suddenly . 
 `` it 's what your kind does . 
 you 're murderers . 
 i know all about you , so stop pretending you give a damn . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i said . 
 he only smiled sickly in reply . 
 `` he 's steve 's son , '' debbie said softly . 
 `` he 's been raised on lies . 
 that 's not his fault . '' 
 `` my father does n't lie ! '' 
 darius shouted . 
 debbie moved around behind darius so she could look me straight in the eye . 
 `` he does n't know the truth . 
 he 's innocent , in spite of anything he 's been tricked into doing . 
 do n't kill an innocent , darren . 
 do n't become that which you despise . '' 
 i groaned deeply . 
 more than ever i wanted to take the knife away , but still i wavered , fighting an inner battle which i did n't completely understand . 
 `` i do n't know what to do ! '' 
 i moaned . 
 `` then think of this , '' harkat said . 
 `` we might need the boy to swap ? 
 for shancus . 
 it makes sense not to kill him . '' 
 the fire within me died away . 
 i lowered the knife , feeling a great weight lift from my heart . 
 i smiled crookedly . 
 `` thanks , harkat . '' 
 `` you should n't have needed that , '' debbie said as i spun darius around and tied his hands behind him with a strip of cloth which harkat had ripped from his robes . 
 `` you should have spared him because it was the right thing to do - not because you might need him . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i agreed , ashamed of my reaction but not wanting to admit it . 
 `` but it does n't matter . 
 we can debate it later . 
 first , let 's find out what 's happening with shancus . 
 where 's your phone ? '' 
 a minute later she was deep in conversation with alice burgess . 
 they were still in pursuit of r.v. and shancus . 
 vancha asked to speak to me . 
 `` we 've a choice to make , '' he said . 
 `` i have r.v. in my sights . 
 i can cut him down with a shuriken and rescue shancus . '' 
 `` then why do n't you ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i think he 's leading us to steve leonard , '' vancha said . 
 i groaned softly and gripped the phone tightly . 
 `` what does evra say ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` this is our call , not his , '' vancha responded with a whisper . 
 `` he 's thinking only of his son . 
 we have other concerns to consider . '' 
 `` i 'm not prepared to sacrifice shancus to get to steve , '' i said . 
 `` i am , '' vancha said quietly . 
 `` but i doubt it will come to that . 
 i think we can retrieve the boyand get a shot at leonard . 
 but it 's a risk . 
 if you want me to play it safe and kill r.v. now , i will . 
 but i believe we should chance it , let him lead us to leonard , and take it from there . '' 
 `` you 're the senior prince , '' i said . 
 `` you decide . '' 
 `` no , '' vancha retorted . 
 `` we 're equals . 
 shancus means more to you than he does to me . 
 i 'll follow your lead in this one . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said bitterly . 
 `` sorry , '' vancha said , and even over the phone i could tell his regret was genuine . 
 `` i 'd take responsibility if i could , but on this occasion i ca n't . 
 do i kill r.v. or follow ? '' 
 my eyes flicked to darius . 
 if i 'd killed him , i 'd have told vancha to bring r.v. down and save shancus - otherwise steve would surely slaughter the snake-boy in revenge . 
 but if i turned up with darius captive , steve would have to trade . 
 once we had shancus back , we 'd be free to pursue steve later . 
 `` ok , '' i said . 
 `` let him run . 
 tell me where you are and we 'll catch up . '' 
 we were hurrying through the streets with darius , taking back alleys to avoid the police patrols , when harkat slowed , came to a stop and turned . 
 he cocked his head sideways , raising one of the ears stitched beneath his grey skin . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` footsteps ? 
 behind us . 
 ca n't you hear ? '' 
 `` my ears are plugged up , '' i reminded him . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i think it 's just one person , but i ? 
 could be wrong . '' 
 `` we ca n't fight and hold on to darius at the same time , '' debbie said . 
 `` if we 're to make a stand , we should either tie him up or let him go . '' 
 `` i 'm not letting him go anywhere , '' i muttered . 
 `` you two proceed . 
 if r.v. leads the others to steve , you need to be there with darius , to trade for shancus . 
 i 'll stay and deal with this . 
 if i can , i 'll catch you up . '' 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' debbie hissed . 
 `` we 've got to stick together . '' 
 `` do what i say ! '' 
 i snapped , harsher than necessary . 
 i was very confused - hatred for steve , fear that i might become the monstrous lord of the shadows , the pain of the purge - and in no mood to argue . 
 `` come on , '' harkat said to debbie . 
 `` we ca n't talk to him when he 's ? 
 like this . 
 besides , he 's right . 
 it makes more sense this way . '' 
 `` but the danger ? '' 
 debbie began . 
 `` he 's a vampire prince , '' harkat said . 
 `` he knows all about danger . '' 
 harkat jerked darius ahead , limping forward as quickly as he could . 
 debbie had no choice but to follow , though she looked back imploringly at me before turning a corner out of sight . 
 i felt sorry for the way i 'd snapped at her , and hoped i 'd have a chance to apologize later . 
 i removed the cotton buds from my ears and nose and took a firm grip on my knife . 
 by concentrating hard , i could dim the noise within my head and focus on the street sounds and scents . 
 i heard footsteps approaching , soft , steady , coming straight towards me . 
 i crouched low and readied myself for battle . 
 then a figure came into sight and i relaxed , stood and lowered my knife arm . 
 `` evanna , '' i greeted the witch . 
 `` darren , '' she replied calmly , stopping close by , studying me with an unreadable expression . 
 `` why are n't you with your father ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i will join him again presently , '' she said . 
 `` my place is here now , with you and your allies . 
 let us hurry after them , for fear we miss the confrontation . '' 
 `` i 'm going nowhere , '' i said , standing my ground . 
 `` not until you give with some answers . '' 
 `` indeed ? '' 
 evanna purred archly . 
 `` i will need to hear some questions first . '' 
 `` it 's about the lord of the shadows . '' 
 `` i do n't think this is the time ? '' 
 `` i do n't care what you think ! '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` you told me years ago that would be either the vampaneze lord - steve - orme . 
 mr tall , before he died , said that would rise no matter who won the war of the scars . '' 
 `` did he ? '' 
 evanna sounded surprised . 
 `` it was not like hibernius to be so revealing . 
 he was always the more secretive one . '' 
 `` i want to know what it means , '' i pressed on , before she got sidetracked talking about her dead brother . 
 `` according to mr tall , will be a monster , and he 'll kill vancha . '' 
 `` he told you that too ? '' 
 evanna was angry now . 
 `` he went too far . 
 he should not have ? '' 
 `` but he did , '' i stopped her , then took a step nearer . 
 `` he was wrong . 
 he must have been . 
 you too . 
 i 'm no monster . 
 i would never harm vancha , or any vampire . '' 
 `` do n't be too sure of that , '' she said softly , then hesitated , choosing her next words carefully . 
 `` usually , there are many paths between the present and future , dozens of options and outcomes . 
 but sometimes there are only afew , or even just two . 
 that is the case here , a lord of the shadows will come - this is definite . 
 but he can be one of two people , you or steve leonard . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 i began . 
 `` silence , '' she said commandingly . 
 `` since we are so close to the time of choosing , i can reveal certain facts which before i could not . 
 i would n't have spoken of this , but it seems my brother wished to inform you of your fate , perhaps to give you time to prepare for it . 
 it is only right that i honour his final wishes . 
 `` if you kill steve leonard , youwill become a monster , the most despised and twisted the world has ever seen . '' 
 my eyes bulged and i opened my mouth to protest , but she continued before i uttered a syllable . 
 `` monsters are not born fully developed . 
 they grow , they mature , theybecome . 
 `` you are filling with hatred , darren , hatred which will consume you . 
 if you kill steve , it will not be enough . 
 you 'll push on , driven by rages you can not control . 
 because destiny has marked you out as a bearer of great power , you will create great havoc . 
 you will destroy the vampaneze but that wo n't be enough . 
 there will always be a new enemy to fight . 
 during your quest , certain vampires will try to stop you . 
 they too will die at your hands . 
 vancha will be one of them . '' 
 `` no , '' i moaned . 
 `` i would never ? '' 
 `` not only vampires will obstruct you , '' evanna went on , ignoring my protests . 
 `` humans will interfere , leading you to turn against them . 
 and , as the vampaneze and vampires fall at your hands , so will humanity . 
 you will reduce this world to rubble and ash . 
 and over the remains you will rule , all-powerful , all-controlling , all-hating , for the rest of your unnaturally long and evil life . '' 
 she stopped and smiled at me witheringly . 
 `` that is your future , where you taste success . 
 in the other , you die at the hands of the alternate lord of the shadows , if not during the hunt for him , then later , when the rest of the clan has fallen . 
 in many ways , that might be for the best . 
 now , have you any more questions ? '' 
 `` i could n't , '' i said numbly . 
 `` i would n't . 
 there must be some way to avoid it . '' 
 `` there is , '' evanna said . 
 she turned and pointed back the way she 'd come . 
 `` go . 
 walk away . 
 leave your friends . 
 hide . 
 if you go now , you 'll break the terms of your destiny . 
 steve will lead the vampaneze to victory over the vampires and become the lord of the shadows . 
 you can lead a normal , peaceful life - until he brings the world crashing down around you , of course . '' 
 `` but ? 
 i ca n't do that , '' i said . 
 `` i ca n't turn my back on those who 've put their trust in me . 
 what about vancha , debbie , shancus ? 
 i have to help them . '' 
 `` yes , '' evanna said sadly . 
 `` i know . 
 that is why you can not escape . 
 you have the power to run from your destiny , but your feelings for your friends wo n't allow you . 
 you 'll never retreat from a challenge . 
 you ca n't . 
 and so , even though you have the best will in the world , you 'll see your destiny through to its bitter end - either death by steve 's hand , or a rise to infamy as the lord of the shadows . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' i said shakily . 
 `` i wo n't do that . 
 i 'm not evil . 
 now that i know , i wo n't let myself go down that road . 
 if i kill steve ? 
 if we win ? 
 i 'll turn my back on my destiny then . 
 i 'll save the clan if i can , then slip away . 
 i 'll go where i ca n't do any harm . '' 
 `` no , '' evanna said simply . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 now , '' shewent on before i could argue my case again , `` let us hurry after your friends - this night is central to the future , and it would not do to miss a moment more of it . '' 
 with that , she slid ahead of me and followed after the others , tracking them by means of her own , leaving me to trail behind , silent , dejected , bewildered - and terrified . 
 we caught up with debbie , harkat and darius after several minutes . 
 they were surprised to see evanna , but she said nothing to them , just hung back and observed us silently . 
 as we progressed , debbie asked me if i 'd been talking with evanna . 
 i shook my head , unwilling to repeat what i 'd been told , still trying to make sense of it and convince myself that evanna was wrong . 
 we regrouped with vancha and evra a quarter of an hour later . 
 they 'd tracked r.v. to a building and were waiting outside for us . 
 `` he went in a few minutes ago , '' vancha said . 
 `` alice has gone around the back , in case he tries to escape that way . '' 
 he glanced at evanna suspiciously . 
 `` are you here to help or hinder , my lady ? '' 
 `` neither , my prince , '' she smiled . 
 `` i serve merely as a witness . '' 
 `` hurm ! '' 
 he grunted . 
 i stared up at the building . 
 it was tall and dark , with jagged grey stones and broken windows . 
 there were nine steps leading up to the oversized front door . 
 the steps were cracked and covered with moss . 
 apart from some more moss and broken windows , it had n't changed much since my last visit . 
 `` i know this place , '' i told vancha , trying to forget about my conversation with evanna and focus on the business at hand . 
 `` it 's an old cinema theatre . 
 this is where the cirque du freak performed when steve and i were kids . 
 i should have guessed this was where he 'd come . 
 it brings everything full circle . 
 stuff like that is important to a maniac like steve . '' 
 `` you shut up about my dad ! '' 
 darius growled . 
 `` you think leonard 's inside ? '' 
 vancha asked , cuffing darius around the ear . 
 `` i 'm sure of it , '' i said , wiping streaks of morgan james 's blood from my forehead - there 'd been no time to mop myself clean . 
 `` what about shancus ? '' 
 evra hissed . 
 he was trembling with anxiety . 
 `` will he harm my son ? '' 
 `` not as long as we holdhis son captive , '' i said . 
 evra stared at darius , confused - he knew nothing about the boy - but my old friend trusted me , so he accepted my guarantee . 
 `` how should we play this ? '' 
 debbie asked . 
 `` just march straight in , '' i said . 
 `` is that wise ? '' 
 vancha asked . 
 `` perhaps we should try to sneak up on them from the back , or via the roof . '' 
 `` steve 's prepared this for us , '' i said . 
 `` anything we can think of , you can bet he 's already considered . 
 we ca n't outguess him . 
 we 'd be fools to try . 
 i say we go in , face him directly , and pray that the luck of the vampires is with us . '' 
 `` the luck of the damned , '' darius sneered . 
 `` you wo n't beat my father or any vampaneze . 
 we 're more than a match for the likes of you . '' 
 vancha studied darius curiously . 
 he leant up close , sniffing like a dog . 
 then he made a small cut on the boy 's right arm - darius did n't even wince - dabbed a finger in the blood that oozed out , and tasted it . 
 he pulled a face . 
 `` he 's been blooded . '' 
 `` by my father , '' darius said proudly . 
 `` he 's a half-vampaneze ? '' 
 i frowned , glancing at his fingertips - they were unmarked . 
 `` the blood 's weak within him , '' vancha said . 
 `` but he 's one of them . 
 there 's just enough blood in his system to ensure he can never regain his humanity . '' 
 `` did you volunteer for this , or did steve force you ? '' 
 i asked darius . 
 `` my father would n't force me to do anything ! '' 
 darius snorted . 
 `` like every vampaneze , he believes in free choice - not like you lot . '' 
 vancha looked at me questioningly . 
 `` steve 's fed him a load of rubbish about us , '' i explained . 
 `` he thinks we 're evil , and his father 's a noble crusader . '' 
 `` he is ! '' 
 darius shouted . 
 `` he 'll stop you from taking over the world ! 
 he wo n't let you kill freely ! 
 he 'll keep the night safe from you vampire scum ! '' 
 vancha cocked an amused eyebrow at me . 
 `` if we had time , i 'd take great delight in setting this boy straight . 
 but we have n't . 
 debbie - phone alice and tell her to come here . 
 we 'll go in together - all for one and all that guff . '' 
 while debbie was on the phone , vancha pulled me aside and nodded at evra , who was standing a few metres ahead of us , gazing at the entrance to the cinema , fingers twisted into desperate fists . 
 `` he 's in a bad way , '' vancha said . 
 `` of course , '' i muttered . 
 `` how would you expect him to react ? '' 
 `` are you clear on what we must do ? '' 
 vancha responded . 
 i stared at him coldly . 
 he grabbed my arms and squeezed tight . 
 `` leonardmust be killed . 
 you and i are expendable . 
 so are debbie , alice , harkat , evra - and shancus . '' 
 `` i want to save him , '' i said miserably . 
 `` so do i , '' vancha sighed . 
 `` and we will , if we can . 
 but the lord of the vampaneze comes first . 
 remember what happens if we fail - the vampires will be destroyed . 
 would you trade the snake-boy 's life for all those of our clan ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' i said , shaking myself free . 
 `` but i wo n't abandon him cheaply . 
 if steve 's prepared to deal , i 'll deal . 
 we can fight him some other night . '' 
 `` and if he wo n't deal ? '' 
 vancha pressed . 
 `` if he forces a showdown ? '' 
 `` then we 'll fight , and we 'll kill or we 'll die - whatever the cost . '' 
 i locked gazes with him so he could see i was telling the truth . 
 it was like stepping back into the past . 
 the building was cooler and damper than before , and fresh graffiti had been scrawled across the walls , but otherwise it was no different . 
 i led the way down the long corridor where mr tall had sneaked up on steve and me , appearing out of the darkness with that incredible speed and silence which had been his trademark . 
 a left turn at the end . 
 i noted the spot where mr tall had taken and eaten our tickets . 
 back then , blue curtains had been draped across the entrance to the auditorium . 
 there were no curtains tonight - the only change . 
 we entered the auditorium , two abreast , vancha and alice in front , debbie and evra next -lrb- debbie pushing darius in front of her -rrb- , then harkat and i. evanna drifted along further back , detached from us by distance and attitude . 
 it was completely black inside the auditorium . 
 i could n't see anything . 
 but i could hear deep , muffled breathing , coming from somewhere far ahead of us . 
 `` vancha , '' i whispered . 
 `` i know , '' he whispered back . 
 `` should we move towards it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' he replied . 
 `` it 's too dark . 
 wait . '' 
 a minute passed . 
 two . 
 three . 
 i could feel the tension rising , both in myself and those around me . 
 but nobody broke rank or spoke . 
 we stood in the darkness , waiting , leaving the first move to our foes . 
 several minutes later , without warning , spotlights were switched on overhead . 
 everyone gasped and i cried out loud , hunching over , covering my extra-sensitive eyes with my hands . 
 we were defenceless for a few vital seconds . 
 that would have been the ideal time for an attack . 
 i expected vampaneze and vampets to fall upon us , weapons flashing - but nothing happened . 
 `` are your eyes ok ? '' 
 debbie asked , crouching beside me . 
 `` not really , '' i groaned , slowly raising my eyelids a fraction , just enough to see out of . 
 even that was agony . 
 holding a hand over my eyes , i squinted ahead and caught my breath . 
 it was a good job we had n't advanced . 
 the entire floor of the auditorium had been torn out . 
 in its place , spreading from one wall to the other , running from a few metres ahead of us all the way to the foot of the stage , was a giant pit , filled with sharpened stakes . 
 `` impressive , is n't it ? '' 
 someone called from the stage . 
 my eyes lifted . 
 it was hard to see , because the lights were being trained on us from above the stage , but i gradually brought the scene into focus . 
 dozens of tall , thick logs clotted the stage , placed vertically , ideal cover . 
 sticking out from behind one log near the front was the grinning face of steve leopard . 
 when vancha saw steve , he drew a shuriken and threw it at him . 
 but steve had picked his spot carefully and the throwing star ended up buried in the wood of the log behind which he was standing . 
 `` bad luck , sire , '' steve laughed . 
 `` care to make it the best throw out of three ? '' 
 `` maybe i can get him , '' alice muttered , stepping up past vancha . 
 she raised her pistol and fired , but the bullet penetrated no deeper than the shuriken . 
 `` is that the preliminaries out of the way , or do you want to take a few more pot shots ? '' 
 steve called . 
 `` i could possibly leap the pit , '' vancha said dubiously , studying the rows of stakes between him and the stage . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' i grunted . 
 even vampires had their limits . 
 `` i do n't see anybody else , '' debbie whispered , casting her eyes around the auditorium . 
 the balcony above us - from where i 'd spied on steve and mr crepsley - could have been swarming with vampaneze and vampets , but i did n't think so - i could hear nothing overhead , not even a single heartbeat . 
 `` where 's your army ? '' 
 vancha shouted at steve . 
 `` around and about , '' steve replied sweetly . 
 `` did n't you bring them with you ? '' 
 vancha challenged him . 
 `` not tonight , '' steve said . 
 `` i do n't need them . 
 the only people sharing the stage with me are my fairy godfather - a.k.a. gannen harst - a certain righteous vampaneze , and a very scared young snake-boy . 
 what 's his name again , r.v. ? '' 
 `` shancus , '' came the reply from behind a log to steve 's left . 
 `` shancus ! '' 
 evra roared . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 there was no reply . 
 my heart sank . 
 then r.v. pushed shancus out from behind the log , and we saw that although his hands were tied behind his back , and he was gagged , he was still very much alive , and he looked unharmed . 
 `` he 's a spirited lad , '' steve laughed . 
 `` a bit loud though , hence the gag . 
 some of the language he uses ? 
 shocking ! 
 i do n't know where kids today pick up such filthy words . '' 
 steve paused . 
 `` by the way , how 's my own beloved flesh and blood doing ? 
 i ca n't see too well from here . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , dad ! '' 
 darius shouted . 
 `` but they killed morgan ! 
 the grey one cut off his head with an axe ! '' 
 `` how grisly . '' 
 steve did n't sound the least bit upset . 
 `` i told you they were savages , son . 
 no respect for life . '' 
 `` it was revenge ! '' 
 harkat yelled . 
 `` he killed mr tall . '' 
 there was silence on the stage . 
 steve seemed lost for words . 
 then , from a log close by steve , i heard gannen harst call out to r.v. , `` is this true ? '' 
 `` yes , '' r.v. mumbled . 
 `` he shot him . '' 
 `` how do you know he killed him ? '' 
 steve asked . 
 `` tall might have simply been wounded . '' 
 `` no , '' evanna answered , her first word of the encounter . 
 `` he is dead . 
 morgan james murdered him . '' 
 `` is that you , lady evanna ? '' 
 steve asked uncertainly . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` not up to any mischief , i hope , like siding with the vampires ? '' 
 he said it flippantly , but his anxiety was evident - he did n't fancy a clash with the lady of the wilds . 
 `` i have never taken sides between the vampires and vampaneze , and have no intention of starting now , '' evanna said coolly . 
 `` that 's ok then , '' steve chuckled , confidence returning . 
 `` interesting about mr tall . 
 i always thought he could n't be killed by ordinary weapons . 
 i 'd have gone after him a long time ago if i 'd known he could be so easily bumped off . '' 
 `` gone after him for what ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` harbouring criminals , '' steve giggled . 
 `` you 're the only criminal here , '' i retorted . 
 steve sighed theatrically . 
 `` see how they slander me , son ? 
 they soil this world with their murderous presence , then point the finger of blame elsewhere . 
 that 's always been the vampire way . '' 
 i started to respond , then decided i 'd be wasting my time . 
 `` let 's cut the crap , '' i called instead . 
 `` you did n't lead us here for a war of words . 
 are you coming out from behind that log or not ? '' 
 `` not ! '' 
 steve cackled . 
 `` do you think i 'm insane ? 
 you 'd cut me down dead ! '' 
 `` then why did you bring us here ? '' 
 i looked around again , nervous . 
 i could n't believe he had n't laid a trap , that there were n't dozens of vampaneze or vampets slithering up on us as we talked . 
 yet i did n't sense a threat . 
 i could see vancha was confused too . 
 `` i want to chat , darren , '' steve said . 
 `` i 'd like to discuss a peace treaty . '' 
 i had to laugh at that - it was such a ludicrous notion . 
 `` maybe you want to become my blood-brother , '' i jeered . 
 `` in a way , i already am , '' steve said cryptically . 
 then his eyes narrowed slyly . 
 `` you missed tommy 's funeral while you were recovering . '' 
 i cursed fiercely but quietly . 
 `` why kill tommy ? '' 
 i snarled . 
 `` why drag him into your warped web of revenge ? 
 didhe ` betray ' you too ? '' 
 `` no , '' steve said . 
 `` tommy was my friend . 
 even while others were bad-mouthing me , he stuck by me . 
 i had nothing against him . 
 a great goalkeeper too . '' 
 `` then why have him killed ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 darius cut in . 
 `` you killed tom jones . 
 morgan and r.v. tried to stop you , but ? 
 that 's right , is n't it , dad ? '' 
 he asked , and i saw the first flickers of doubt stir in the boy 's eyes . 
 `` i told you , son , '' steve replied , `` you ca n't believe anything a vampire says . 
 pay no attention to him . '' 
 then , to me , he said , `` did n't you wonder how tommy got his ticket to the cirque du freak ? '' 
 `` i just assumed ? '' 
 i stopped . 
 `` you set him up ! '' 
 `` of course , '' steve chuckled . 
 `` withyour help . 
 remember the ticket you gave to darius ? 
 he passed it on . 
 tommy was opening a sports store , signing autographs . 
 darius went along and ` swapped ' his ticket for a signed football . 
 we still have it lying around somewhere . 
 could be a collector 's item soon . '' 
 `` you 're sick , '' i snarled . 
 `` using a child to do your dirty work - disgusting . '' 
 `` not really , '' steve disagreed . 
 `` it just shows how highly i value the young . '' 
 now that i knew steve had given tommy the ticket , my mind raced ahead , putting the pieces of his plan together . 
 `` you could n't have known for sure that tommy would run into me at the show , '' i said . 
 `` no , but i guessed he would . 
 if he had n't , i 'd have worked out some other way to manoeuvre you together . 
 i did n't need to , but i liked the idea . 
 him being here at the same time as us was providence . 
 i 'm just slightly miffed that alan was n't here too - that would have made for a complete reunion . '' 
 `` what about my cup ticket ? 
 how did you find out about that ? '' 
 `` i phoned tommy that morning , '' steve said . 
 `` he was astonished - first he bumps into his old pal darren , then he hears from his old buddy steve . 
 what a coincidence ! 
 i faked astonishment too . 
 i asked all about you . 
 learnt that you were coming to the match . 
 he invited me as well , but i said i could n't make it . '' 
 `` very clever , '' i complimented him icily . 
 `` not especially , '' steve said with false modesty . 
 `` i simply used his innocence to ensnare you . 
 manipulating the innocent is child 's play . 
 i 'm surprised you did n't see through it . 
 you need to work on your paranoia , darren . 
 suspect everyone , even those beyond suspicion - that 's my motto . '' 
 vancha edged up close to me . 
 `` if you keep him talking , maybe i can slip out back and attack him from the rear , '' he whispered . 
 i nodded my head a fraction and vancha slid away slowly . 
 `` tommy told me he 'd been in contact with you in the past , '' i said loudly , hoping to mask the sound of vancha 's footsteps . 
 `` he said there was something about you that he had to tell me the next time we met , after the match . '' 
 `` i can guess what that was , '' steve purred . 
 `` care to share it with me ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' he said . 
 then , sharply , `` if you take one more step towards that door , mr march , the snake-boy dies . '' 
 vancha stopped and shot steve a look of disgust . 
 `` leave my son alone ! '' 
 evra screamed . 
 he 'd been holding himself in check , but steve 's threat proved too much . 
 `` if you harm him , i 'll kill you ! 
 i 'll put you through so much agony , you 'll pray for death ! '' 
 `` my ! '' 
 steve cooed . 
 `` such vindictiveness ! 
 you seem to have the knack of driving all your friends to violence , darren . 
 or do you deliberately surround yourself with violent people ? '' 
 `` stuff it ! '' 
 i grunted . 
 then , tiring of his verbal games , i said , `` are you going to fight or not ? '' 
 `` ialready answered that question , '' steve said . 
 `` we 'll fight soon , have no fear , but this is neither the time nor place . 
 there 's a rear tunnel - newly carved - which we 'll leave by shortly . 
 by the time you pick your way through the stakes , we 'll be far out of reach . '' 
 `` then what are you waiting for ? '' 
 i snarled . 
 `` get the hell out ! '' 
 `` not yet , '' steve said , and hisvoice was hard now . 
 `` there 's the sacrifice to make first . 
 in the old days , a sacrifice was always made before a large battle , to appease the gods . 
 now , it 's true that the vampaneze do n't have any official gods , but to be on the safe side ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 evra screamed - it was as clear to him as to the rest of us what steve meant to do . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` gannen ! '' 
 vancha roared . 
 `` you ca n't allow this ! '' 
 `` i have no say in it , brother , '' gannen harst responded from behind his log . 
 he had n't shown his face yet . 
 i had the feeling he was ashamed to show it . 
 `` ready , r.v. ? '' 
 steve asked . 
 `` i 'm not sure about this , man , '' r.v. replied uneasily . 
 `` do n't disobey me ! '' 
 steve growled . 
 `` i made you and i can break you . 
 now , you bearded , armless freak - are you ready ? '' 
 a short pause . 
 then r.v. answered softly , `` yes . '' 
 vancha cursed and raced forward to force his way through the pit of stakes . 
 harkat lumbered after him . 
 alice and debbie fired on the log protecting steve , but their bullets could n't pierce it . 
 i stood , clutching my knife , thinking desperately . 
 then a voice behind me called out shakily , `` dad ? '' 
 everybody paused . 
 i looked back . 
 darius was trembling . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 he called again . 
 `` you 're not really going to kill him , are you ? '' 
 `` be quiet ! '' 
 steve snapped . 
 `` you do n't understand what 's happening . '' 
 `` but ? 
 he 's just a kid ? 
 like me . 
 you ca n't ? '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 steve roared . 
 `` i 'll explain later ! 
 just ? '' 
 `` no , '' i interrupted , sliding up behind darius . 
 `` there wo n't be any ` later ' . 
 if you kill shancus , i 'll kill darius . '' 
 for the second time that night i felt a dark spirit grow within me , and pressed the blade of my knife to the young boy 's throat . 
 behind me , evanna made a small cooing noise . 
 i ignored her . 
 `` you 're bluffing , '' steve jeered . 
 `` you could n't kill a child . '' 
 `` he could , '' debbie answered for me . 
 she stepped away . 
 `` darren was going to kill him earlier . 
 harkat stopped him . 
 he said we 'd need the boy to trade for shancus . 
 otherwise darren would have killed him . 
 darius - is that the truth ? '' 
 `` yes , '' darius moaned . 
 he was weeping . 
 part of it was fear , but an equal part was horror . 
 his father had raised him on lies and false heroics . 
 only now was he beginning to realize what sort of monster he 'd aligned himself with . 
 i heard steve mutter something . 
 he peered out from around his log , studying us from the heights of the stage . 
 i made no threatening moves . 
 i did n't need to . 
 my determination was clear . 
 `` very well , '' steve snorted . 
 `` throw away your weapons and we 'll swap the two boys . '' 
 `` you think we 'll entrust ourselves to your untender mercies ? '' 
 vancha huffed . 
 `` release shancus and we 'll turn your son over . '' 
 `` not until you shed your weapons , '' steve insisted . 
 `` and allow you to mow us down ? '' 
 vancha challenged him . 
 there was a short pause . 
 then steve threw an arrow-gun away , far across the stage . 
 `` gannen , '' he said , `` am i carrying any other weapons ? '' 
 `` a sword and two knives , '' gannen harst replied immediately . 
 `` i do n't mean those , '' steve growled . 
 `` do i have any long-range weapons ? '' 
 `` no , '' gannen said . 
 `` what about you and r.v. ? '' 
 `` we have none either . '' 
 `` i know you do n't believe a word i say , '' steve shouted to vancha , `` but you trust your own brother , do n't you ? 
 he 's a pure vampaneze - he 'd kill himself before he 'd utter a lie . '' 
 `` aye , '' vancha muttered unhappily . 
 `` then throw away your weapons , '' steve said . 
 `` we wo n't attack if you do n't . '' 
 vancha looked to me for advice . 
 `` do it , '' i said . 
 `` he 's tied , just like we are . 
 he wo n't risk his son 's life . '' 
 vancha was dubious , but he slipped off his belts of throwing stars and tossed them aside . 
 debbie threw her pistols away and so , reluctantly , did alice . 
 harkat only had an axe , which he laid down on the floor beside him . 
 i kept my knife to darius 's throat . 
 steve stepped out from behind the log . 
 he was grinning . 
 i felt a great temptation to throw my knife at him - i might just have been able to strike him from this distance - but i did n't . 
 as a vampire prince , and one of the hunters of the vampaneze lord , i should have . 
 but i could n't risk missing and enraging steve . 
 he 'd kill shancus if i did . 
 `` out you come , boys , '' steve said . 
 gannen harst and r.v. emerged from behind their logs , r.v. shoving the bound shancus ahead of him . 
 gannen harst was typically grim-faced , but r.v. was smiling . 
 at first i thought it was a mocking smile , but then i realized it was a smile of relief - he was delighted he had n't been called upon to kill the snake-boy . 
 r.v. was a twisted , bitter , crazy man , but i saw then that he was n't entirely evil - not like steve . 
 `` i 'll take the reptile , '' steve said , reaching for shancus . 
 `` you go get the plank and extend it across the pit . '' 
 r.v. handed shancus to steve and retreated to the rear of the stage . 
 he started dragging a long plank forward . 
 it was awkward for him - he could n't get a decent grip , because of the hooks mr tall had torn off . 
 gannen went to help him , keeping one eye on us . 
 the pair began feeding the plank across the pit , letting it rest on blunt-tipped stakes , which i could now see had been placed there specifically for this purpose . 
 steve watched us like a hawk while r.v. and gannen were busy with the plank . 
 he was holding shancus in front of him , stroking the snake-boy 's long green hair . 
 i did n't like the way he was looking at us - i felt as though we were being x-rayed - but i said nothing , willing r.v. and gannen to hurry up with the plank . 
 steve 's eyes lingered on evra a long moment - he was smiling hopefully , hands half-reaching out to his son - then settled on me . 
 he stopped stroking shancus 's hair and gently placed a hand on either side of his head . 
 `` remember the games we played when we were children ? '' 
 he asked craftily . 
 `` what games ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 i had a terrible feeling - a sense of total doom - but i could do nothing but follow his lead . '' 
 ` dare ' games , '' steve said , and something in his voice made r.v. and gannen pause and look around . 
 steve 's face was expressionless , but his eyes were alive with insane glee . 
 `` one of us would say , ' i dare you to do this , ' and stick his hand in a fire or jab a pin in his leg . 
 the other would have to copy him . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i moaned . 
 i knew what was coming . 
 i knew i could n't stop it . 
 i knew i 'd been a fool and made a fool 's mistake - i 'd assumed steve was even the slightest bit human . 
 steve 's act of pure , pointlessevil caught everyone by gut-wrenching shock . 
 for a long moment we just stared at him and the lifeless body by his feet . 
 even steve looked stunned , as though he 'd acted without thinking it through . 
 then evra went wild . 
 `` bastard ! '' 
 he screamed , hurling himself at the pit of stakes . 
 if harkat had n't reacted and knocked him aside , evra would have impaled himself on the stakes and died like his son . 
 `` i ca n't believe ? '' 
 alice muttered , face whiter than usual . 
 then her features hardened and she ran for the pistol she 'd discarded . 
 debbie sank to her knees , weeping , unable to deal with such wickedness . 
 as hardened as she 'd become , nothing in her life had prepared her for this . 
 harkat was struggling with evra , pinning him down , protecting him from his rage . 
 evra was screaming hysterically and pounding harkat 's broad grey face with his scaly fists , but harkat held firm . 
 vancha was at the pit of stakes , lurching through them , clambering over the sharpened tips , driving towards the stage like a man possessed . 
 r.v. and gannen harst were staring at steve , jaws slack . 
 evanna was looking on silently . 
 if the murder had shocked her , she was masking it incredibly well . 
 darius was stiff with terror , holding his breath , eyes wide . 
 i was still behind darius , my knife at his throat . 
 i was the calmest of everyone there -lrb- except evanna -rrb- . 
 not because i was in any way unaffected by what had happened , but because i knew what i must do in retaliation . 
 the fierce , hard , hating part within me had flared to life and taken over completely . 
 i saw the world through differenteyes . 
 it was a dreadful , wicked place , where only the dreadful and wicked could prosper . 
 to defeat an evil monster like steve , i had to sink to his depths myself . 
 mr crepsley had warned me not to , but he was wrong . 
 what did it matter if i followed steve down the road of total evil ? 
 stopping him - getting revenge for all the people he 'd killed - was the only thing i cared about now . 
 while i was thinking all this through , gannen snapped to his senses and saw that vancha was closing on them . 
 he hurried to his lord , grabbed steve by the right arm and spun him towards the exit , cursing foully . 
 r.v. rose shakily and stumbled after them . 
 he stopped , vomited , then reeled ahead . 
 alice found her pistol , brought it up and fired . 
 but there were too many logs between her and the vampaneze . 
 she did n't even get close to them . 
 steve stopped by the tunnel entrance at the rear of the stage . 
 gannen tried to push him downit , but he shook his protector 's hands away and turned to glare triumphantly - daringly - at me . 
 `` go on ! '' 
 steve screamed . 
 `` show me you can do it ! 
 i dare you ! 
 i double dare you ! '' 
 in that moment , as if our minds were somehow joined , i understood steve entirely . 
 part of him was appalled by his brutality . 
 he was hanging dangerously on the edge of outright madness . 
 as the monster within me had grown this night , so had the human within steve . 
 he needed me to match his evil deeds . 
 if i killed darius , steve could justify his cruelty and continue . 
 but if i did n't respond to his evil with an equally evil act of my own , it would drive home the truth about how far he 'd fallen . 
 he might even snap beneath the weight of full realization and go mad . 
 i had the power to destroy him - with mercy . 
 but i could n't find mercy within myself . 
 the fires of fury in my heart and head demanded i kill darius . 
 right or wrong , i had to avenge shancus 's death . 
 an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , a life for a life . 
 out of the corner of one eye i caught sight of evanna . 
 her gaze was locked on me . 
 there was no pity in her expression , merely the weariness of one who has seen all the evils of the world and must watch them repeat themselves over and over again . 
 `` dare accepted , '' i said , abandoning myself to my dark destiny , knowing in that moment that i was betraying all my moral beliefs . 
 this was the start of the path to damnation . 
 if i defeated steve , iwould become the lord of the shadows , and in the long , blood-red decades and centuries ahead , i 'd be able to point back to this night and say , `` that was where the monster was born . '' 
 i began to draw my knife across darius 's throat . 
 this time debbie did n't try to stop me - she sensed my damnation , and was powerless to save me . 
 but then i paused . 
 the throat was too impersonal a target . 
 i wanted steve to reallyfeel this . 
 lowering the knife , i cut away darius 's shirt , revealing his bare , pale chest . 
 i positioned the tip of the knife over his heart and gazed at steve , no longer blinking against the searing lights , my eyes dark , my lips tight over my teeth . 
 steve 's expression steadied . 
 the beast within him had seen its mirror image in me , and was satisfied . 
 he drew back from the madness , becoming his cold , crafty , calculating self again . 
 he smiled . 
 i drew my arm back to its full extent , so i could strike swiftly with the knife . 
 i meant to stab darius with all my strength and kill him quickly . 
 i might be a monster , but i was n't an entirely heartless one . 
 at least , not yet . 
 but steve called out before i pierced his son 's heart . 
 `` be careful , darren ! 
 you do n't know who you 're killing . ' '' 
 i should n't have hesitated . 
 i knew , if i did ; that he 'd derail me with some other twisted trick . 
 listening to demons was dangerous . 
 better to act in haste and shut your ears to them . 
 but i could n't help myself . 
 there was something darkly inviting about his tone . 
 it was like when someone was about to tell a gruesome but hilarious joke . 
 i could feel the awfulness of it , but also the humour . 
 i had to hear him out . 
 `` darius , '' steve chuckled , `` tell darren your mother 's name . '' 
 darius gawped at his father , unable to respond . 
 `` darius ! '' 
 steve roared . 
 `` he 's about to drive a knife through your heart ! 
 tell him your mother 's name - now ! '' 
 `` ah-ah-ah-annie , '' darius wheezed , and i froze . 
 `` and her surname ? '' 
 steve asked softly , relishing the moment . 
 `` shan , '' darius whispered uncomprehendingly . 
 `` annie shan . 
 what about it ? '' 
