 summer , present day san francisco , california arthur crane woke to the smell of gardenias . 
 panic set in even before he opened his eyes . 
 he lay still , frozen by fear , testing the heavy fragrance , picking out the underlying notes of frangipani and honeysuckle . 
 it ca n't be ... throughout his childhood , he had spent countless hours reading in the greenhouse of his family 's estate in cheshire , england . 
 even now , he remembered the hard cement bench in a shaded corner , the ache in his lower back as he hunched over a novel by dickens or doyle . 
 it was so easy to lose himself in the worlds within those pages , to shut out his mother 's rampages and threatening silences . 
 still , no matter how lost he was in a story , that scent always surrounded him . 
 it had been his childhood , his security , his peace of mind . 
 no longer . 
 now it meant only one thing . 
 death . 
 he opened his eyes and turned his nose toward that scent . 
 it came from the empty pillow next to him . 
 morning sunlight slanted through his bedroom window , illuminating a white brassocattleya orchid . 
 it rested in an indentation in the middle of the neighboring pillow . 
 delicate frilled petals brushed the top of his pillowcase , and a faded purple line ran up the orchid 's lip . 
 his breathing grew heavier , weighted by dread . 
 his heart thumped hard against his rib cage , reminding him of his heart attack last year , a surprise gift for his sixty-eighth birthday . 
 he studied the orchid . 
 when he 'd last spotted such a flower , he 'd been a much younger man , barely into his twenties . 
 it had been floating in a crimson puddle , its heavy scent interwoven with the hard iron smell of his own blood . 
 why again now ... after so many years ? 
 he sat up and searched his apartment 's small bedroom . 
 nothing seemed disturbed . 
 the window was sealed , his clothes were where he 'd left them , even his wallet still lay on the bureau . 
 steeling himself , he plucked the orchid from his pillow and held its cool form in his palm . 
 for years he 'd lived in dread of receiving such a flower again . 
 he fought out of the bedsheets and hurried to the window . 
 his apartment was on the third story of an old victorian . 
 he picked the place because the stately structure reminded him of the gatehouse to his family 's estate , where he 'd often found refuge with the gardeners and maids when the storms grew too fierce at the main house . 
 he searched the street below . 
 empty . 
 whoever had left the flower was long gone . 
 he took a steadying breath and gazed at the blue line of the bay on the horizon , knowing that he might not see it again . 
 decades ago , he had reported on a series of grisly murders , all heralded by the arrival of such an orchid . 
 victims found the bloom left for them in the morning , only to die that same night , their bloody bodies adorned with a second orchid . 
 he turned from the window , knowing the flower 's arrival was not pure happenstance . 
 two days ago , he had received a call from a man who claimed to have answers about a mystery that had been plaguing arthur for decades . 
 the caller said he was connected to a powerful underground organization , a group who called themselves the belial . 
 that name had come up during arthur 's research into the past orchid murders , but he could never pin down the connection . 
 all he knew was that the word belial came from the hebrew bible , loosely translated as demonic . 
 but did that mean the past murders were some form of a satanic ritual ? 
 how was his brother involved ? 
 `` christian ... '' he whispered his brother 's name , hearing again his boyish laughter , picturing the flash of his green eyes , the mane of his dark hair that he always let grow overly long and carefree . 
 though decades had passed , he still did not know what had happened to his brother . 
 but the caller had said that he could reveal the truth to arthur . 
 tonight . 
 he glanced at the orchid still in his hand . 
 but will i live long enough to hear it ? 
 as he stood there , memories overwhelmed him . 
 summer , 1968 san francisco , california another funeral . 
 morning light from the stained-glass windows painted grotesque patterns on the faces of the young choir at st. patrick 's cathedral . 
 but their ethereal voices soared to heaven-clear , beautiful , and tinged with grief . 
 such grace should have brought comfort , but arthur did n't need comfort . 
 he was n't grieving . 
 he had come as an interloper , a foreigner , a young reporter for the times of london . 
 he studied the large lily-draped photo of the deceased mounted on an easel next to a carved mahogany coffin . 
 like most of the people in the church , he had n't really known the dead man , although everyone in the world knew his name : jackie jake , the famous british folksinger who had taken the united states by storm . 
 but that tempest was over . 
 ten days ago , jackie jake had been found murdered in an alley off san francisco 's mission street . 
 arthur 's newspaper had flown him from london to cover the death-both because he was their youngest reporter and because he was the only one who admitted to having listened to jake 's music . 
 but the last was a lie . 
 he had never heard of jackie jake until this assignment , but the ruse got him on the plane to california . 
 he had come to san francisco for another reason . 
 a hope , a chance ... to right a terrible wrong . 
 as the funeral mass continued , the crowd shuffled restlessly in the pews . 
 the smell of their unwashed bodies rose in a cloud around them . 
 he 'd assessed them when he came in earlier , taking stock of jake 's fans . 
 they were mostly young women in long skirts and blousy white shirts , many with flowers in their hair . 
 they leaned in postures of utter grief against men with the beards of ascetic hermits . 
 unlike most of the crowd , arthur had worn a black suit , polished shoes , something that befit a funeral . 
 despite his desire to shake the iron rule of his childhood household , he could not escape the importance of correct attire . 
 he also wanted to present a professional demeanor for the policemen investigating jake 's murder . 
 arthur sensed that their sympathies would not lie with this hippie crowd . 
 as the service ended and the mourners began to file out , arthur spotted his target near the back of the nave , a figure wearing a black uniform with a badge on the front . 
 arthur contrived to bump against him as he exited . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , officer , '' arthur said . 
 `` i did n't see you standing there . '' 
 `` not a problem . '' 
 the man had the broad american accent that arthur associated with california from films and television programs . 
 arthur glanced with a heavy sigh back into the church . 
 `` i ca n't believe he 's gone ... '' the police officer followed his gaze . 
 `` were you close to the deceased ? '' 
 `` childhood friends , in fact . '' 
 arthur held out his hand to cover his lie . 
 `` i 'm arthur crane . '' 
 the man shook arthur 's hand with a too-firm grip . 
 `` officer miller . '' 
 the officer kept an eye on the exiting crowd , his face pinched with distaste . 
 a man wearing jeans and sandals swept past , leaving a strong smell of marijuana in his wake . 
 the officer tightened his jaw , but did not move after him . 
 arthur played along with his obvious disdain , hoping to tease information out of the officer . 
 `` jackie and i were friends before he came here and got involved with '' - he waved his hand at the crowd of hippies - `` that lot . 
 i would n't be surprised if one of these flower children had killed him . 
 from my experience , it 's a fine line between fan and fanatic . '' 
 officer miller shrugged , his eyes still on the mourners . 
 `` maybe . 
 the killer did leave a flower near his body ... some type of orchid . '' 
 and that was how arthur first found out about the orchids . 
 before arthur could inquire further , miller lunged to the side as a rake-thin man grabbed an easel near the door , clearly intending to steal the blown-up photo of the folksinger . 
 the thief 's dark eyes looked wild under his unkempt hair , his dirty hands gaunt as a skeleton 's . 
 as the officer interceded , the man abandoned the photo , grabbed the easel , and swung it like a club . 
 miller tried to dodge , but his hip crashed against a neighboring pew . 
 the easel struck the officer on the shoulder , driving him to his knees . 
 the thief raised the easel again , high above the head of the dazed officer . 
 before arthur could consider otherwise , he rushed forward . 
 it was the kind of foolhardy action his brother , christian , would take in such a circumstance-but it was out of character for the normally reserved arthur . 
 still , he found himself barging between the two men as the crowd hung back . 
 he grabbed the attacker 's arm before he could deal a fatal blow to the fallen police officer . 
 he struggled with the assailant , giving miller time to scramble to his feet . 
 the officer then manhandled the attacker away from arthur and quickly secured the man 's wrists behind his back with handcuffs . 
 the man glared all around . 
 his pupils filled his entire irises , making his eyes look black . 
 he was definitely under the influence of some kind of drug . 
 miller caught arthur 's gaze . 
 `` thanks . 
 i owe you one . '' 
 breathing hard , his heart thumping in his ears , arthur could barely manage a nod and pushed back toward the exit . 
 what was i thinking ... as he reached the streets , the bright city by the bay seemed suddenly a darker place , full of shadows . 
 even the morning light failed to dispel them . 
 he fetched up against a light pole and stood there for a moment , trying to slow his breath , when a flash of white caught his eye . 
 a paper flyer had been pasted onto the pole . 
 the title drew his attention . 
 but it was what was beneath those hand-scrawled words that sucked the air from his lungs and turned his blood to ice . 
 it was a black-and-white photo of a handsome young man in his midtwenties , with dark hair and light eyes . 
 though the photo had no color , arthur knew those eyes were a piercing green . 
 they belonged to his brother . 
 christian . 
 the flyer contained no further details except a phone number . 
 with trembling fingers , arthur wrote the number on the bottom of his notebook . 
 he hurried down the crowded street , searching for an empty phone box . 
 when he found one , he slotted his money into it and waited . 
 the phone burred in his ear , once , twice , five times . 
 but he could n't put it down . 
 he let it ring , balanced between disbelief and hope . 
 finally , a man answered , his voice spiked with irritation . 
 `` what the hell , man ? 
 i was sleeping . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 arthur apologized . 
 `` i saw your flyer on the street . 
 about christian crane ? '' 
 `` have you found him ? '' 
 the man 's tone sharpened , annoyance replaced with hope . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' arthur said , fumbling for his words . 
 `` but i 'm his brother . 
 i had hoped - '' `` damn , '' the voice cut him off . 
 `` you 're the brit ? 
 his foster brother . 
 i 'm wayne ... wayne grantham . '' 
 from the man 's tone , he clearly thought arthur would recognize him , that christian might have spoken to arthur about him-but arthur had n't shared a word with christian for over two years , not after the way they had left matters in england , after their fight . 
 it was why arthur had come to san francisco , to mend fences and start anew . 
 arthur pushed all that aside . 
 `` how long has christian been gone ? '' 
 `` eleven days . '' 
 that was one day before jake was killed . 
 it was a ridiculous time to peg it to , but the folksinger 's murder was fresh in his mind . 
 `` have you called the police ? '' 
 arthur asked . 
 a snort answered him . 
 `` like they give a damn about a grown-up man gone missing in san francisco . 
 happens all the time , they said . 
 city of love , and all that . 
 said he 'd probably turn up . '' 
 `` but you do n't believe that ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 wayne hesitated . 
 `` he would n't have left without telling me . 
 not christian . 
 he would n't leave me not knowing . '' 
 arthur cleared his throat . 
 `` he left without telling me . '' 
 `` but he had his reasons back then , did n't he ? '' 
 guilt spiked through arthur . 
 `` he did . '' 
 wayne had nothing else to add , and arthur reluctantly gave up without asking the most important question of all . 
 there were some questions he still had difficulty asking , stifled by prejudice and made uncomfortable by his ingrained formal upbringing . 
 instead , he went back to the hotel and filed his story , burying the new detail of the orchid a few paragraphs in . 
 for good measure , he also reported christian missing to the police . 
 as wayne had said , they did not care . 
 the next day , arthur woke to the screaming headline of a second murder . 
 he read the paper standing at his kitchen counter , a mug of coffee growing cold in his hand . 
 as with jackie jake , the victim 's throat had been torn out . 
 the body of the young man-a law clerk-had been found only a few blocks away from st. patrick 's church-where jackie jake 's memorial service had been held . 
 the article hinted that the murders were connected , but they did n't elaborate . 
 two hours later , arthur sat at a diner across from officer miller , calling in his favor , admitting that he was a reporter for the times . 
 `` ca n't tell you much more than was in the chronicle here , '' miller admitted , tapping the local newspaper . 
 `` but there was a flower-another orchid-found at this crime scene , too . 
 according to a roommate , the victim found the orchid in his bedroom the morning he was killed , like the murderer left it as a calling card . '' 
 `` were there any witnesses ? 
 did anyone see someone at the crime scene ... or see whoever left that orchid ? '' 
 `` nothing concrete . 
 someone said they saw a skinny , dark-haired man lurking around the church at the time of the murder , taking pictures , but it could be a tourist . '' 
 arthur could glean nothing else from what the officer told him . 
 the mysterious photographer did add a good detail for the report arthur intended to file , but the fact was certainly not as juicy as the detail about the second orchid . 
 that afternoon , arthur composed and wired in the story . 
 he dubbed the murderer `` the orchid killer . '' 
 by the next day , the name was plastered across every newspaper in the city and across the nation , and his reputation as a journalist grew . 
 his editor at the times extended his assignment to cover the murders . 
 he even convinced the paper to give him enough of a stipend to rent a dilapidated room in the haight-ashbury district-where both victims spent most of their time . 
 arthur used the little money left over to buy a radio and tuned it to the police band . 
 over the next days , he worked and ate with the radio on . 
 most of the chatter was dull , but four nights later , a frantic call came over the band . 
 a dead body had been discovered , just blocks from arthur 's rented room , a possible third victim of the orchid killer . 
 he hailed a cab to get there quickly , but the police had already cordoned off the area to keep the press away . 
 standing at the yellow strip , arthur lifted his nikon camera . 
 it was outfitted with a zoom lens . 
 christian had given it to arthur as a present when he finished school , telling him that he could use the extra eye . 
 arthur still was n't very good with the camera-he preferred to tell stories with words rather than pictures-but without a photographer assigned to him , he would have to manage on his own . 
 to get a better vantage point , he shifted away from the police cordon and climbed a few steps onto the porch of a neighboring victorian home . 
 he leaned against a brightly painted column to steady himself and examined the crime scene through the lens of the camera . 
 it took some fine-tuning of the zoom to draw out a clear picture . 
 the victim lay flat on his back on the sidewalk . 
 a dark stain marred his throat and spread over the stone . 
 one arm was outstretched toward the street as if beckoning for help that would never come . 
 in that open palm lay a white object . 
 arthur zoomed in and tried to identify it , finally discerning the details of its frilled petals and subtle hues . 
 it was an orchid , but not any orchid . 
 arthur 's stomach knotted with recognition . 
 it was a brassocattleya orchid . 
 such orchids were common enough , used as corsage flowers because of their powerful scent and their durable beauty . 
 his mother had raised that particular breed because she adored the scent . 
 arthur remembered another detail . 
 christian had always loved them , too . 
 his mind 's eye flashed to the poster , to the still life of christian printed there , his brother 's smile frozen , his eyes so alive even in the photo . 
 as he stared at the orchid in the dead man 's palm , the sweet smell seemed to drift across the street to him , although that could n't be true . 
 he was too far away , but even the imagined scent was enough to dredge up a long-buried memory . 
 arthur sat on the stone bench in the corner of his mother 's greenhouse holding a pruning knife . 
 the familiar scents of orchids and bark surrounded him , as the afternoon sunlight , trapped under all that glass , turned the winter outside into a steamy summer inside . 
 he stared at the long tables filled with exotic plants . 
 some of the orchids he 'd known for years , watching them flower over and over again throughout his lonely childhood . 
 since he was a little boy he had come here to watch his mother work with the orchids , crooning to them , misting them gently , stroking their leaves , giving them the love that she did not give to him . 
 they were special and rare and beautiful-and he was not . 
 he 'd had a secret dream that when he grew up he would do something so wonderful that she would look up from her pots and notice him . 
 but now that would never happen . 
 she had died two days ago , taking her own life in one of her fits of black melancholy . 
 today she had been planted in the earth like one of her beloved orchids . 
 he ran his thumb across the sharp knife . 
 he 'd overheard the staff talking about the value of his mother 's orchid collection . 
 she had spent a lifetime accumulating it-buying each plant from a funny little man dressed all in black with a bowler hat . 
 he gathered them from botanical gardens around the world , from other collectors , and even from men who traveled into the distant rain forests and brought the specimens out in burlap sacks . 
 now all her precious orchids would die or be sold . 
 a light winter rain began to patter on the glass roof and ran down the sides in streaks . 
 arthur laid the cold knife blade against the warm softness of his forearm . 
 this is how she did it ... before he could act , the greenhouse door slammed open , and arthur jumped . 
 the knife clattered to the tile floor . 
 only one person dared to crash around the estate like that . 
 christian had come to the london house when both boys were fourteen . 
 christian 's parents had died in a car crash outside of san francisco . 
 arthur 's father was second cousin to the boy 's father and took the teenager into their home . 
 though the two boys were related , it was only in blood-not in demeanor . 
 `` arty ? '' 
 he called brashly . 
 `` i know you 're in here . '' 
 arthur stirred on the bench , and christian spotted him , crossing over to join him . 
 christian 's brown hair was slicked flat from the rain , and his bright green eyes were puffy and rimmed in red . 
 unlike arthur , christian could let himself cry when he was hurt . 
 it was an american trait . 
 something arthur 's father and mother would never tolerate . 
 reaching the bench , christian pulled the dark lens cap off his camera . 
 he carried the thing everywhere . 
 he took pictures all day and spent half the night in a makeshift darkroom developing them . 
 arthur 's mother said that he had real talent , and she would not have said that if it were n't true . 
 christian planned to become a photojournalist . 
 he wanted to travel to the world 's war zones , taking pictures-using his art to change the world . 
 he 'd even convinced arthur that he could come along , too , as a journalist . 
 they 'd be a team . 
 arthur was n't sure that he had the talent for such a career , but he liked to be drawn into christian 's whimsies . 
 the other boy had a reserve of boundless optimism that arthur often warmed himself against . 
 but today even that was n't enough . 
 christian snapped a picture of the abandoned pruning knife on the tiles , then turned toward the rows of specimen tables . 
 he headed to his favorite orchid : the brassocattleya cross . 
 first , he took a close-up shot of the blossom , then he pinched off a dead leaf and felt its edges to see if it was moist , just as their mother used to . 
 `` she 'll miss these flowers , '' christian commented . 
 certainly more than me , arthur thought dourly . 
 christian plucked the flower , and arthur gasped . 
 mother would never have allowed that . 
 christian dropped the flower on arthur 's lap and picked up the pruning knife from the floor . 
 arthur watched the blade . 
 he imagined how it would feel if it cut into his wrists , how the blood would well out and drop onto the floor . 
 his mother would know . 
 she 'd used a long knife from the kitchens to slit her wrists in the bath . 
 when arthur found her , the water was such a deep red that it looked as if the whole tub had been filled with blood . 
 christian touched the inside of arthur 's wrist . 
 his fingers slid back and forth along the same spot where his mother had used the kitchen knife . 
 `` do you think it hurt much ? '' 
 christian asked , not shying from the harder questions . 
 his fingers still rested on arthur 's wrist . 
 arthur shrugged , suddenly nervous-not at the subject matter but at the intimacy . 
 christian moved his fingers aside , replacing his touch with that of the cold edge of the pruning knife . 
 arthur stayed very still , hoping . 
 christian took a deep breath , then sliced into arthur 's wrist-but not too deep . 
 it did n't hurt as much as he had anticipated . 
 no more than a sting really . 
 blood welled out . 
 both boys stared at the shiny scarlet line on arthur 's white skin . 
 `` she left me , too , '' christian said and put the flower into arthur 's hand . 
 arthur clenched his fist , crushing the orchid , and more blood flowed out of his wound . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` my turn now . '' 
 christian drew the bloody blade across his own wrist . 
 `` why ? '' 
 arthur asked , surprised . 
 christian turned his arm over and dropped his wounded wrist on top of arthur 's . 
 their warm commingled blood ran down their arms and dripped onto the clean-swept floor . 
 with his other arm , christian took several snapshots : of the crimson drops on the white stone tile , of the bloody flower crumpled on the bench . 
 last , christian angled the camera up to take a picture of the two of them together , their arms linked . 
 `` i will never leave you , '' christian whispered to him . 
 `` we 're blood brothers , now and forever . '' 
 for the first time since arthur had found his mother in the crimson water-her stained blond hair floating on the surface , her head tilted back to stare at the plaster ceiling-he broke down and wept . 
 arthur felt a hand shove him from behind , stumbling him back to the present . 
 `` get off my porch ! '' 
 he turned to discover a middle-aged woman standing there-about the same age his mother would have been if she 'd lived . 
 she scolded him and herded him off her home 's stoop , her flannel nightgown billowing in the night breeze . 
 arthur 's reporter instincts came back . 
 `` did you see anything ? '' 
 `` none of your business what i saw . '' 
 she crossed her arms over her chest and sized him up . 
 `` but i can say that i do n't like how this summer of love has turned out . '' 
 later , when arthur filed his story , the headline read summer of death follows the summer of love . 
 `` i still have n't heard any word from christian , '' wayne said over the phone three days later . 
 `` our friends in the city have n't either . '' 
 arthur frowned , cradling the phone to his ear as he sifted through piles of police reports and forensic exams from the latest murder , a third victim . 
 the young man was named louis may , recently arrived from kansas city . 
 like christian , the man had likely been drawn by the promise of california , a modern-day gold rush of free love and openness , only to die on the sidewalk , his throat torn open and a flower in his hand . 
 had the same happened to christian ? 
 was his body yet undiscovered ? 
 `` but something strange happened this morning , '' wayne said , interrupting arthur 's line of worry . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he sat straighter and let the papers settle to the tabletop . 
 `` a catholic priest came by , knocking at my door at an ungodly early hour . '' 
 `` a priest ? 
 what did he want ? '' 
 `` he asked if i knew where christian might be , where he hung out , especially at night . 
 strange , huh ? '' 
 strange barely fit that description . 
 despite his brother 's name , christian had no religious affiliation . 
 in fact , he only had disdain for those who piously bent their knees to an uncaring god , like arthur 's parents had . 
 so why would a priest be interested in his brother ? 
 as if hearing arthur 's silent question , wayne explained . 
 `` the priest said it was important that he find your brother and talk to him . 
 said christian 's immortal soul hung in the balance . 
 he told me to tell christian that he could turn his back on what he 'd become and accept christ into his heart and find salvation . 
 those were his exact words . '' 
 arthur swallowed , hearing an echo of his own words to christian on that last night , words that could not be easily taken back . 
 he had called christian names , demanded he change , telling him that the path christian had chosen would only lead to a lonely death . 
 their argument had grown more and more heated until the brothers fled from each other . 
 the next day , christian was gone . 
 `` you should have seen that guy 's eyes , '' wayne continued . 
 `` scared the hell out of me , i have to say . 
 never met a priest like that . 
 what do you think he really wanted ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 after that call , arthur sat in his tiny rented room , studying pictures and news clippings taped to the walls . 
 like christian , all the victims were men in their twenties . 
 they were dark-haired and handsome . 
 arthur stared at a publicity photo of jackie jake . 
 the folksinger 's black hair flopped over his eyes , reminding arthur acutely of christian . 
 jake even had the same bright green eyes . 
 it was at that moment that arthur realized he did n't have a single picture of his brother . 
 after their quarrel , in a fit of pique , arthur had destroyed them all . 
 in many ways , he was as volatile and temperamental as his mother-and in the end , just as judgmental . 
 arthur had been a fool back then . 
 he knew it now . 
 he wanted only to find christian and apologize , but he worried that he might never get that chance . 
 he could never make it right . 
 over the following three days , he buried himself in the case , sensing christian was linked to the murders . 
 but how ? 
 was he a victim , or somehow involved ? 
 the latter seemed impossible . 
 still , he remembered the madman at the memorial service . 
 could christian have been drugged , maybe brainwashed by some murderous cult , and turned into a monster ? 
 needing answers , arthur started his investigation with the orchids , but too many of the city 's flower shops sold them . 
 he showed around the picture of christian from wayne 's flyer , but none of the shopkeepers remembered any particular customers buying those orchids around the times of the murders . 
 it was no surprise . 
 it was summer , and orchids were in demand for the dances of the upper class , those lofty creatures of wealth far removed from the men who lived on the streets or in squat houses or died holding one in their hands . 
 he touched base with officer miller every day , hoping for any news . 
 all the while , the city held its breath for the next murder . 
 arthur learned from miller that the latest victim , like the others , had also received his orchid on the morning of his death . 
 it had been delivered to louis may 's stoop , and twelve hours later the young man was dead . 
 with morning coffee in hand , arthur contemplated this cruelty , this promise of death delivered to a doorstep . 
 he climbed to his rented room and returned to his cluttered workspace . 
 there , resting on the keys of his typewriter , was a single white bloom . 
 a brassocattleya orchid . 
 `` look , mr. crane , '' officer miller said . 
 `` i can imagine you 're spooked , but folks around here think this might be as a publicity stunt . 
 to sell more papers . '' 
 arthur stared dumbfounded across miller 's desk into the crowded squad room . 
 he had come straight here after finding the orchid . 
 right now it lay on the battered metal desk in front of him . 
 `` you ca n't think - '' miller held up a beefy hand . 
 `` i do n't . 
 i trust you plenty , but i ca n't help you . 
 my hands are tied . '' 
 arthur 's stomach sank . 
 he 'd been fighting the police for hours , hoping for some kind of protection , but no one took him seriously . 
 `` how about i just sit in the police station then ? 
 just for twenty-four hours ? '' 
 `` i ca n't allow you to do that . '' 
 miller 's freckled face looked concerned , but his chin was firm . 
 he would n't give in . 
 `` then arrest me . '' 
 officer miller laughed at him . 
 `` on what charge ? '' 
 arthur punched him right in his freckled face . 
 it took three days for the times to bail arthur out . 
 in the interim , a fourth victim had received an orchid and had been murdered . 
 the new death further convinced the police that arthur either had been lying about the orchid or someone had played a cruel prank on the british reporter . 
 arthur knew better . 
 still , what did it mean ? 
 had the killer passed him by ? 
 or was he just biding his time to make the kill ? 
 not knowing for sure , arthur spent his first night of freedom in sparky 's twenty-four-hour diner , afraid to go home . 
 he brought a giant pile of notes and used the time to outline a book , a treatise about the murders . 
 truman capote 's in cold blood had come out two years ago , and the narrative of those killers had mesmerized him . 
 he wanted to do something similar , to find some way of making sense of these deaths , to nail them down between the cold , dispassionate pages of a book . 
 seated at a corner table of the diner , with a clear view to all the exits , he nibbled on his third piece of apple pie and downed his umpteenth cup of coffee . 
 all night long , he had refused to give up his table , despite the jaundiced glances from the waitress . 
 but now the sky had pearled to a pale gray , and he knew it was time to move on . 
 he could not live inside the diner forever . 
 so he packed up his things , left a generous tip for the waitress , and trudged toward his apartment . 
 as he walked , he rubbed the grit from his exhausted eyes . 
 he squinted at the sun breaking over a boarded-up and abandoned storefront ahead . 
 the five-story building had become the home of squatters . 
 it was regularly raided , emptied , only to fill again . 
 as he crossed along it , he hefted his satchel of notes . 
 he knew he could get a book out of these murders , something dark and fascinating and significant , the kind of thing that could make his career . 
 a few meters away , a figure stepped out of the door of the dilapidated store , sticking to the shadows . 
 even though he was barely visible in the gloom , arthur recognized him and stopped , stunned and incredulous . 
 `` christian ... ? '' 
 before he could react , his brother was upon him , pulling him tightly in an embrace that was both intimate and frightening . 
 fingers dug into his shoulders , his elbow , hard enough to find bone . 
 arthur gasped , tried to pull away , but it was like trying to unbend iron . 
 pain weakened him further , forcing him to drop his bag . 
 lips moved to ear . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 the breath was icy , smelling of sour meat and rot . 
 the tone was not one of invitation but of demand . 
 arthur was lifted off his feet and dragged away , as easily as a mother with an errant child . 
 in a moment , they were through the doorway and up a flight of rickety stairs to an upper room . 
 refuse littered the floor . 
 old ratty blankets bunched along the walls , abandoned by their former dwellers . 
 the only place of order was a thick oak table in the center , its surface polished to a high sheen , so out of place here . 
 as was the smell . 
 past the reek of sweat , waste , and urine came the wafting sweetness of honeysuckle and gardenia . 
 the scent rose from a spray of white orchids , all brassocattleya . 
 if arthur had any doubts as to the role christian played in the recent murders , they were dispelled at this sight . 
 the table looked like a shrine or an altar to some dark god . 
 arthur tried to struggle out of that iron grip , but he could not escape the hand clamped to this forearm . 
 for his efforts , he was slammed against a wall , hard enough to bruise his shoulder , and pinned there . 
 fearing for his life , he searched for his only weapon , the same weapon that once drove the two brothers apart in the past . 
 his words . 
 but what could he say ? 
 arthur looked at his attacker , dismayed by what he found there . 
 christian looked exactly the same-yet completely changed . 
 his face and bearing were as they always had been , but now he moved with a speed and strength that defied reason . 
 worst of all , his gentle expression had turned hard and angry . 
 malice shone in eyes that were once bright and full of joy . 
 arthur knew this dreadful condition must be secondary to some kind of drug . 
 he remembered the madman in the church , recalled the horror stories he had read of addicts on a new pharmaceutical called pcp . 
 the drug had arrived in the haight-ashbury district just last year . 
 was that the explanation here ? 
 `` you can stop this , '' arthur tried . 
 `` i can get you help . 
 get you clean . '' 
 `` clean ? '' 
 christian pushed his lips up into a ghastly grimace and laughed , a mocking rendition of his usual playful mirth . 
 changing tactics , arthur tried reaching him through their shared past , to draw him out , to make him remember who he once was . 
 `` brassocattleya , '' he said , nodding to the table . 
 `` like mother grew and loved . '' 
 `` they were for you , '' christian said . 
 `` the orchids ? '' 
 `` the murders . '' 
 christian faced him , showing too many teeth . 
 `` the orchids were merely to lure you here . 
 i knew you were at the times and hoped word of the orchids would draw you here . 
 that 's why i took that singer first , the one from london . '' 
 arthur went cold , picturing jackie jake 's face . 
 he had contributed to the poor man 's death . 
 `` you came sooner than i expected , '' his brother said . 
 `` i had hoped to leave a longer trail of invitation before entertaining you here . '' 
 `` i 'm here now . '' 
 arthur 's shoulder throbbed , aching even his teeth . 
 `` whatever is wrong between us , we can fix it together . '' 
 christian exposed his arm , turning it to reveal the pale scar on his wrist . 
 arthur had a matching scar . 
 `` that 's right , '' arthur said . 
 `` we 're blood brothers . '' 
 `` forever ... '' christian sounded momentarily lost . 
 arthur hoped this was a sign of him finally coming out of his dark , drug-fueled fugue . 
 `` we can be brothers again . '' 
 `` but only in blood . '' 
 christian faced him , his eyes hard and cold . 
 `` is n't that right ? '' 
 before arthur could answer , christian threw him to the floor , riding his body down and straddling atop him . 
 his brother 's white face hovered inches above his , those eyes reading his features like a book . 
 arthur tried to throw him off , but his brother was too strong . 
 christian leaned closer , as if to kiss him . 
 cold breath brushed against arthur 's cheeks . 
 his brother used a thumb to turn arthur 's chin , to expose his neck . 
 arthur pictured the morgue photos of christian 's victims , their throats ripped out . 
 no ... he struggled anew , bucking under christian , but there was no escaping his brother . 
 impossibly sharp teeth tore into the soft skin of his throat . 
 blood drowned arthur 's scream . 
 he wrestled against his death , struggled , cried , but in a matter of moments , the fight bled out of him . 
 he lay there now as waves of pain and impossible bliss throbbed through his wounded body , borne aloft by each fading heartbeat . 
 his arms and legs grew heavy , and his eyes drifted closed . 
 he was weakening , maybe dying , but he did n't care . 
 in this bloody moment , he discovered the connection people sought through love , drugs , religion . 
 he had it now . 
 with christian ... it was right . 
 suddenly , that moment was severed , coldly interrupted . 
 arthur opened his eyes to find christian staring down at him , blood dripping from his brother 's chin . 
 in christian 's eyes , arthur read horror-and sorrow-as if the blood had succeeded where arthur 's words had failed . 
 christian put an ice-cold hand against the wound on arthur 's throat , as if he could stop the warm blood flowing out of it . 
 `` too late ... '' arthur said hoarsely . 
 christian pressed harder , tears welling . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 his brother stared down , clearly struggling to hold in check the evil inside him , to hold on to himself . 
 arthur saw his nostrils flare , likely scenting the spilled blood . 
 christian moaned with the need of it , but arthur heard an undertone of defiance . 
 arthur wished he could help , to take away that pain , that struggle . 
 he let that desire show in his face , that love of brother for brother . 
 a tear rolled down christian 's cheek . 
 `` i ca n't ... not you ... '' with both arms , he picked up arthur , crossed to a window , and threw his body out into the sunlight . 
 as he flew amid a cascade of broken glass , he stared back , seeing christian withdraw from the sun , back into shadows , forever lost . 
 then arthur crashed to the street . 
 still , darkness found him in that sunlight , swallowing him away . 
 but not before he saw an orchid land on the pavement near his head , floating in a pool of his blood . 
 the sweet scent of it filled his nostrils . 
 he knew it would be the last thing he ever smelled . 
 his mother would have been happy about that . 
 an unknown number of days later , arthur woke to pain . 
 he lay in a bed-a hospital bed . 
 it took him several breaths to work out that his legs were suspended in front of him , encased in plaster . 
 turning his head took all his effort . 
 through his window , he saw weak afternoon sunlight . 
 `` i see that you 're awake , '' said a familiar voice . 
 officer miller was seated on his other side . 
 the police officer reached to a table , retrieved a water glass with a straw , and offered it . 
 arthur allowed the man to slip the straw between his lips . 
 he drank the lukewarm water until it was all gone . 
 once done , arthur leaned back . 
 even the short drink had left him exhausted . 
 still , he noted the purplish bruises ringing miller 's eyes , courtesy of arthur 's earlier sucker punch . 
 miller fingered the same . 
 `` sorry we did n't take you more seriously , mr. crane . '' 
 `` me , too , '' he croaked out . 
 `` i have to ask ... did you recognize the man who attacked you ? '' 
 arthur closed his eyes . 
 in truth , he did n't recognize the creature who had attacked him , but he did recognize the man who had flung him into the sunlight , away from the monster trying to claw back into control . 
 in the end , arthur knew christian had saved his life . 
 could he condemn him now ? 
 `` mr. crane ? '' 
 behind arthur 's eyelids , he saw the face of jackie jake and the broken body of the man on the sidewalk . 
 even if he could forgive christian 's attack on himself , he could not let that monster inside him continue to kill . 
 arthur opened his eyes and talked until he drifted off to sleep . 
 when he awoke , it was night . 
 he was terribly thirsty , and his legs still hung in front of him like a bizarre sculpture . 
 a quiet murmuring off to the left must be the nurses ' station . 
 he reached for the bell to summon - he was on the street , looking through eyes that were not his own . 
 a brick tower loomed ahead of him . 
 a church . 
 in the middle of the tower was a door . 
 a spill of light fell onto the dark front steps . 
 weeping , he ran toward the light , moving with a speed beyond imagining . 
 traffic droned next to him , and far away a siren sounded . 
 none of that mattered . 
 he had to reach that tower . 
 he had to get through that door . 
 but as he neared the church , a figure stepped into view , bathed in that warm glow from inside . 
 it was a priest . 
 though the distance was great , whispered words reached his ear . 
 `` this is hallowed ground . 
 be warned , it is inimical to the curse within you . 
 if you come , you will have but one choice . 
 to join us or die . '' 
 the strange priest 's words proved true . 
 with each step , the strength of his limbs faded . 
 it was as if the ground itself drew energy away from him . 
 heat rose through his feet . 
 for a second it was wonderful , because he was so cold . 
 but then it burned him cruelly . 
 still , he did not stop . 
 he lifted first one leaden leg and then another , fighting the heat and the weakness . 
 he must reach that door , that priest . 
 all depended on it . 
 he was now close enough to note the gothic design , etched in verdigris , on the tall doors . 
 he spotted the priest 's roman collar , made of old linen , not modern plastic . 
 he staggered now toward that man . 
 despite his weakness , he knew this one was like him , cursed but somehow enduring . 
 how ? 
 the priest stepped back , beckoning him inside . 
 he fell across the threshold and into a vast nave . 
 pillars and arches rose on either side of him , and far ahead candles burned on an altar . 
 on his knees now , he burned within the holiness found here . 
 fire raged through his body . 
 the priest spoke behind him . 
 `` be welcome , christian . '' 
 arthur thrashed in his bed , still burning from his waking dream . 
 a rope broke and dropped one of his legs . 
 this new pain centered him , drawing him out of the flames . 
 a nurse in a white cap rushed into the room . 
 seconds later , a needle pricked his arm , and everything blessedly went dark . 
 days later , he awoke again . 
 his head was clear , but he felt terribly weak . 
 the nurses tried to convince him that his vision of burning in the church was a side effect of the morphine or a fever dream secondary to shock . 
 he believed neither explanation . 
 instead , he carried those last words inside him , knowing they 'd be etched there forever . 
 be welcome , christian . 
 arthur knew somehow he had been connected to his brother for that brief , agonizing moment , perhaps a gift born of the blood they shared . 
 he also remembered wayne 's description of the priest who had come looking for christian . 
 was that the same priest , offering some form of salvation for christian , a path he might yet follow ? 
 or was it all a bad trip , to use the vernacular of the youth thronging into san francisco ? 
 either way , arthur slowly healed . 
 bedridden for most of it , he used his downtime to dictate his new book to an assistant hired by the newspaper . 
 her name was marnie , and he would marry her as soon as he could stand . 
 following arthur 's attack , the murders had suddenly stopped , but public interest had not waned . 
 a year later , his book , the orchid killer , became an international bestseller . 
 as far as the world was concerned , he had solved the case , even if the police had never apprehended christian . 
 his brother had simply vanished off the face of the earth . 
 most believed he was dead or had possibly even killed himself . 
 but arthur never forgot his dream of crawling on his knees into a church , burning in that holiness . 
 he clung to his hopes that christian yet lived . 
 but if he was right , which one had survived that church ? 
 his brother or that monster ? 
 summer , present day san francisco , california as the sun sank toward the horizon , arthur brought the orchid to his face and breathed in its fragrance . 
 the petals tickled his cheeks . 
 he carried the blossom into his study . 
 books lined the walls , and papers covered his oak rolltop desk . 
 in the years after christian 's disappearance , arthur had spent most of his life traveling , reporting , and chasing down leads about savage killings and mysterious priests , trying to find his brother , or at least to understand what had happened to him . 
 it was a passion that he had shared with marnie , until her death six months ago . 
 now he wanted only to finish the work and be done with it . 
 with everything . 
 at last , at the end of things , he was close . 
 several years ago , arthur had uncovered rumors of a secret order buried deep within the catholic church , one that traced its roots to its most ancient days-a blood cult known as the order of the sanguines . 
 he crossed to his desk and picked up a leaf from an old notebook , the edges ripped and curling . 
 a photo had been taped to it . 
 someone had sent the picture anonymously to arthur two years ago , with a short note hinting at its importance . 
 it showed rembrandt 's the raising of lazarus , portraying christ 's resurrection of a dead man . 
 arthur had marked it up , annotating his many questions about this dark order , of the rumors he had heard . 
 he let the sheet slip from his fingers , remembering the dream of a burning church . 
 had his brother joined this order in the past ? 
 he glanced at the orchid . 
 if so , why come for me now , christian ? 
 arthur suspected the reason . 
 it was stacked on his desk in a neat pile . 
 over the past decades , arthur had gathered further evidence , enough to be believed , about this sanguines cult within the church . 
 tonight , his source-a representative of a group called the belial-was scheduled to come and deliver the final piece of proof , something so explosive that the truth could not be denied . 
 arthur picked at one of the soft petals of the orchid . 
 he recognized it as a threat , a warning , an attempt to silence him . 
 arthur would not be intimidated . 
 as the day wore on , he tried repeatedly to reach his belial source-a man named simeon-to move up their evening meeting , but he could never reach the man . 
 by that afternoon , arthur considered simply fleeing , but he realized that there was no point in trying to hide . 
 he was already in too deep . 
 besides , a recklessness had settled over him since marnie 's death-he just did n't care anymore . 
 so he waited for the night , enjoying his favorite meal from an italian restaurant down the street , complementing it with a bottle of his finest pinot noir . 
 he saw no reason to skimp . 
 if this was to be his last meal , he might as well enjoy it . 
 he ate it in his kitchen while watching the sky turn orange behind the golden gate bridge . 
 finally , a knock sounded at his apartment door . 
 arthur crossed from his study and peeked through the peephole . 
 a man dressed in a navy blue suit stood out in the hall . 
 his face and shorn black hair were familiar from a grainy photograph passed to arthur at a bar in berlin . 
 it was simeon . 
 arthur opened the door . 
 `` mr. crane ? '' 
 the man 's voice was low and hoarse , with a slavic accent that arthur could n't quite place . 
 maybe czech . 
 `` yes , '' arthur said , stepping aside . 
 `` you should come inside , quickly now . 
 it might not be safe . '' 
 this earned a soft smile from the man , possibly amused by arthur 's caution . 
 but the man did not know about christian or the orchid . 
 as his guest entered , arthur checked the hall outside and the stairs leading down to the old victorian 's stoop . 
 all clear . 
 still , a chill ran up arthur 's back , a prickling of the fine hairs on the nape of his neck , a sense of immediate danger . 
 he quickly followed simeon inside and closed the door behind him , locking the dead bolt . 
 simeon waited in the foyer . 
 `` let 's go to my study . '' 
 arthur led the way . 
 simeon followed him and stepped to arthur 's desk , staring around the room . 
 his gaze settled upon the marked-up page showing the raising of lazarus . 
 he motioned to that sheet . 
 `` so i see you already know of the bloody origins of the sanguinists , '' simeon said . 
 `` that lazarus was the first of them . '' 
 `` i 've heard fantastical rumors , '' arthur said . 
 `` dark stories of monsters and creatures of the night . 
 none of it to be believed , of course . 
 i suspect the stories are there to scare people away from the truth . '' 
 arthur stared expectantly at simeon , hoping to hear that truth . 
 instead , simeon touched christ 's face on the page with one curiously long fingernail . 
 `` there is much about the sanguinists that defies belief . '' 
 arthur did not know what to say to that , so he kept quiet . 
 simeon scratched his nail down the notebook page . 
 `` show me what you already know . '' 
 arthur handed him a folder of the manuscript he was working on , with notes scribbled to indicate where documents and pictures should be inserted . 
 the man riffled through the pages swiftly , too fast to truly read it . 
 `` you have passed this along to no one ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 simeon met his eyes for the first time . 
 his eyes were brown and fringed by thick lashes , handsome eyes , but what struck arthur most about them was that they did not blink . 
 the hair rose on his arms , and he took a step backward from the man , suddenly realizing the prickling danger he had sensed earlier had come from this man , not from some hidden threat beyond his apartment . 
 `` you are close to the truth , '' simeon said , no longer hiding the menace in his presence , looming taller . 
 `` closer than you know . 
 too close for our comfort . '' 
 arthur took another step back . 
 `` the belial ... '' `` the sanguinists defy us at every step , but that war must be kept secret . '' 
 simeon stepped after him . 
 `` our darkness can not thrive in the light . '' 
 the buzz of a motorcycle on the street distracted arthur . 
 he glanced toward the sound-and simeon was upon him . 
 arthur crashed painfully to the floor . 
 simeon pinned him there . 
 arthur struggled against him , but simeon had an implacable strength that arthur had only experienced once in his life-on the day christian nearly killed him . 
 `` you want the truth , '' simeon said . 
 `` here it is . '' 
 the man 's lips split to reveal sharpened teeth , impossibly long . 
 he flashed to that moment with christian , suddenly remembering what he blanked out , what his mind would not allow him to fully see . 
 until now . 
 there were monsters in the world . 
 arthur redoubled his struggles , but he knew he was at his end . 
 then a crash of shattered wood and glass rose from his bedroom . 
 he pictured his window exploding . 
 but he was on the third story . 
 simeon turned as a dark shadow flew into the room , tackling the monster off arthur . 
 gasping , arthur crabbed on his hands and feet away from the fighting , backing into his study 's cold hearth . 
 the war raged across the tight room , too fast to follow , a blur of shadows , accompanied by flashes of silver , like lightning in a thundercloud . 
 the battle smashed across his desk and crashed into his bookshelf , scattering volumes across the floor . 
 then a feral scream , full of blood and fury . 
 a moment later , a head bounced across his wooden floor , spilling black blood . 
 simeon . 
 from beyond arthur 's desk , a shadow rose and shed its darkness . 
 the figure wore a black leather motorcycle jacket , open , revealing the roman collar of the priesthood . 
 he stepped around the desk , his pale face scratched , bleeding . 
 he carried two short swords in his hands , shining like liquid silver , marred with the same black blood as seeped across the golden hardwood floor . 
 impossibly , the figure grinned at him , showing a familiar glint of rakish amusement in his green eyes as he sheathed the swords . 
 `` christian ... ? '' 
 beyond fear now , arthur gaped at his brother . 
 despite the passing of forty years , christian was virtually unchanged , no more than a boy in appearance compared to arthur 's lined and aged face . 
 `` how ? '' 
 arthur asked the mystery standing before him . 
 but christian only smiled more broadly , crossed over , and offered arthur his hand . 
 he took it , gripping his brother 's pale fingers , finding them cold and hard , like sculpted marble . 
 as arthur was pulled to his feet , he saw the old scar on his brother 's wrist , a match to his own . 
 despite the impossible , it was indeed christian . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 his brother asked him . 
 how did one answer that when one 's life was unhinged in a single moment ? 
 still , he managed to shake his head . 
 christian led him back to the kitchen , to the table where the remains of his last meal still sat . 
 he settled arthur to a seat , then picked up the empty bottle of pinot noir . 
 `` nice vintage , '' he said , taking a sniff at the bottle . 
 `` good oak and tobacco notes . '' 
 arthur found his voice again . 
 `` wh ... what are you ? '' 
 christian cocked an amused eyebrow-a look that ached with the memory of their shared past , as perfectly preserved as the rest of his features . 
 `` you know that already , arthur . 
 you just must let yourself accept it . '' 
 christian reached to his leg and unhooked a leather flask . 
 branded into its surface were the crossed keys and crown of the papal seal . 
 christian took arthur 's empty goblet , filled it from the flask , and pushed it back toward him . 
 arthur stared warily at the glass . 
 `` wine ? '' 
 `` consecrated wine , '' christian corrected . 
 `` turned by the holy act of transubstantiation into the blood of christ . 
 it is what i 've sworn to drink . 
 it 's what sustains me and my brothers and sisters . '' 
 `` the sanguinist order . '' 
 `` the blood of christ allows us to walk in daylight , to do battle with those who haunt the shadowy corners of the world . '' 
 `` like the belial . '' 
 arthur remembered simeon 's sharp teeth . 
 `` and others . '' 
 his brother found another goblet from the kitchen , filled it , and joined arthur at the table . 
 arthur took a sip from his glass , tasting only wine , none of the supposed miracle it held . 
 but for the moment , he accepted this truth . 
 christian lifted his own goblet , drank deeply , then raised his glass . 
 `` seems we 're blood brothers yet again . '' 
 this earned a shy smile from arthur . 
 christian reached over and clinked his glass against arthur 's . 
 `` to you , my industrious and persistent brother . 
 i told you before that you would make an excellent journalist . '' 
 `` you knew what i discovered . '' 
 `` i 've never stopped watching you . 
 but your efforts stirred up a hornet 's nest . 
 there are those-even in my own order-who need secrets . '' 
 arthur remembered simeon 's words about the belial . 
 our darkness can not thrive in the light . 
 it seemed the sanguinists needed those shadows , too . 
 `` for your safety , '' christian said , `` i tried to warn you . '' 
 arthur could still smell a slight scent of gardenias . 
 `` the orchid . '' 
 `` i had to be subtle , using a means of communication that only you would understand . 
 i had hoped you 'd abandon this line of inquiry on your own , but i should have known better . 
 when you did n't , i could n't let anyone harm you . '' 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 christian grew momentarily pensive . 
 `` it was only fitting after you saved my soul . '' 
 arthur frowned at this . 
 christian explained . 
 `` it was your love , our bond as brothers that finally broke me down enough to seek out the sanguinists and what they offered , a path to service and redemption for my sins . '' 
 arthur flashed to the burning church , to the priest in the doorway . 
 christian brightened again , straightening his spine . 
 `` so i saved your life , and you saved my soul ... let 's call it a wash . '' 
 arthur asked other questions , got some answers , but others were denied him . 
 he slowly accepted this and the need for such secrets . 
 finally , christian stood . 
 `` i must go . 
 you should check into a hotel for a couple of days . 
 i 'll send someone over-someone i trust-to fix your window , to clean up the place . '' 
 in other words , to get rid of the body . 
 arthur followed him to the door . 
 `` will i see you again ? '' 
 `` it 's forbidden , '' christian said , his eyes a mix of sadness and regret . 
 `` i 'm not even supposed to be here right now . '' 
 arthur felt a pang that threatened to break his already old heart . 
 christian hugged him , gently but firmly . 
 `` i 'll always be with you , my brother . '' 
 he broke the embrace , placing his palm over arthur 's heart . 
 `` right here . '' 
 arthur saw that christian held something under that palm , pressed to his chest . 
 as his brother removed his hand , a square of stiff paper fell and fluttered toward the floor . 
 arthur scrambled to catch it , nabbing it with his fingertips . 
 as he straightened , he found the door open and christian gone . 
 arthur stepped into the hallway , but there was no sign of his brother . 
 he stared down at what he 'd caught , a parting gift from christian . 
 it was a black-and-white photo , slightly yellowed , crinkled at the corners . 
 in the background was a rainy pane of glass , and in the foreground two grieving boys gazed into the camera together . 
 christian held the camera high , and arthur leaned against him for support , two brothers , blood bonded never to part . 
 christian must have carried the old photo all these years . 
 now , it was arthur 's . 
 to keep now and forever . 
 coda so ends the story of two brothers , bound by blood , forever connected , but on different paths . 
 to delve deeper into the mysteries of the order of the sanguines , join christian as he is called to duty once again-to seek out an angel given flesh on earth-in an epic adventure of horror and enlightenment entitled innocent blood . 
 here is a sneak preview of innocent blood . 
 coming soon in hardcover from william morrow an imprint of harpercollinspublishers epigraph behold , god received your sacrifice from the hands of a priest-that is to say from the minister of error . 
 - gospel of judas 5:15 prologue midsummer , 1099 jerusalem as the screams of the dying rose up toward the desert sun , bernard 's bone-white fingers clutched the cross hanging from his neck . 
 the touch of its blessed silver seared his sword-calloused palm , branding his damned flesh . 
 he ignored the smell of his charred skin and tightened his grip . 
 he accepted the pain . 
 for this pain had a purpose-to serve god . 
 around him foot soldiers and knights washed into jerusalem on a wave of blood . 
 for the past months , the crusaders had fought their way across hostile lands . 
 nine out of every ten men were lost before ever reaching the holy city : felled by battle , by the pitiless desert , by heathen diseases . 
 those who survived wept openly upon seeing jerusalem for the first time . 
 but all that blood spilt had not been in vain , for now the city would be restored to christians yet again , a harsh victory marked by the deaths of thousands of infidels . 
 for those slain , bernard whispered a quick prayer . 
 he had time for no more . 
 as he sheltered beside the horse-drawn wagon , he drew the rough cowl of his hood lower over his eyes , cloaking his white hair and pale face deeper into shadow . 
 he then took hold of the stallion 's bridle and stroked the beast 's warm neck , hearing the thunder of its heart as much with his fingertips as his ears . 
 terror stoked the steed 's blood and steamed from its sweating flanks . 
 still , with a firm tug , the animal stepped forward next to him , drawing the wooden cart over the blood-soaked paving stones . 
 the wagon 's bed held a single iron cage , large enough to imprison a man . 
 thick leather wrapped the cage tightly , hiding what was inside . 
 but he knew . 
 and so did the horse . 
 its ears flicked back anxiously . 
 it shook its unkempt black mane . 
 ranged in a tight phalanx ahead of him , bernard 's dark brethren-his fellow knights from the order of the sanguines-battled to clear a path forward . 
 all valued this mission more than their own existence . 
 they fought with strength and determination no human could match . 
 one of his brothers vaulted high into the air , a sword in each hand , revealing his inhuman nature as much by the flurry of his steel as by the flash of his sharp teeth . 
 they were all once unholy beasts , like the one caged in the wagon , stripped of their souls and left forsaken-until offered a path back to salvation by christ . 
 each made a dark compact to slake his thirst no more upon the blood of man , but only upon the consecrated blood of christ , a blessing that allowed them to walk half in shadow , half in sunlight , balanced on a sword 's edge between grace and damnation . 
 sworn now to the church , each served god as both warrior and priest . 
 those very duties had drawn bernard and the others to the gates of jerusalem . 
 through the cries and carnage , the wooden cart rolled at a steady pace . 
 bernard willed the wheels to turn faster as dread clutched him . 
 must hurry ... still , another need rang through him just as urgently . 
 as he marched , blood dripped down the walls around him , ran in rivers across the stones underfoot . 
 the iron saltiness filled his head , misting the very air , igniting a bone-deep hunger . 
 he licked his dry lips , as if trying to taste what was forbidden him . 
 he was n't the only one suffering . 
 from the dark cage , the beast howled , scenting the bloodshed . 
 its cries sang to the same monster still hidden inside bernard-only his monster was not caged by iron , but by oath and blessing . 
 still , in response to that scream of raw hunger , the points of bernard 's teeth grew longer and sharper , his craving keener still . 
 hearing these screams , his brothers surged forward with renewed strength , as if fleeing their former selves . 
 the same could not be said for the horse . 
 as the beast howled , the stallion froze in its harness . 
 as well it should . 
 bernard had captured the caged fiend ten months ago at an abandoned wooden stable outside avignon in france . 
 such cursed creatures went by many names over the centuries . 
 though once men themselves , they were now a scourge that haunted dark places , surviving on the blood of man and beasts . 
 once bernard had the fiend trapped inside the cage , he had swaddled its new prison with layers of thick leather so that not a mote of light could penetrate . 
 the shielding protected the beast from the burning light of day , but such protection came with a price . 
 bernard kept it ravenous , feeding it only enough blood to survive , but never enough to sate it . 
 such hunger would serve god this day . 
 with their goal agonizingly close , bernard attempted to get the horse moving again . 
 he stroked a soothing hand down its sweat-stained nose , but the animal would not be calmed . 
 it heaved against one side of the traces , then the other , struggling to break free . 
 around him , sanguinists swirled in the familiar dance of battle . 
 the shrieks of dying men echoed off the uncaring stone . 
 the beast inside the cage beat the leather sides like a drum and screamed to join the slaughter , to taste the blood . 
 the horse whinnied and threw its head in fright . 
 by now , smoke rolled out from neighboring streets and alleys . 
 the smell of burnt wool and flesh stung his nostrils . 
 the crusaders had begun to torch sections of the city . 
 bernard feared they might raze the only part of jerusalem he needed to reach-the part where the holy weapon might be found . 
 recognizing the horse was of no more use , bernard drew his sword . 
 with a few deft strokes , he severed its leather harness . 
 freed , the stallion needed no urging . 
 with a leap out of its traces , it knocked aside a sanguinist and bolted through the carnage . 
 godspeed , he willed it . 
 he moved to the rear of the wagon , knowing none of his brothers could be spared from the battle . 
 these last steps he must take alone . 
 as christ had with his heavy cross . 
 he sheathed his sword and put his shoulder to the back of the cart . 
 he would push it the remaining distance . 
 in a different life , when his heart still beat , he was a strong , vigorous man . 
 now he had strength beyond that of any mortal . 
 with the tang of blood becoming a humid stew in the air , he drew a shaky breath . 
 red desire ringed the edges of his vision . 
 he wanted to drink from every man , woman , and child in the city . 
 the lust filled him near to bursting . 
 instead , he gripped his searing cross , allowing the holy pain to steady him . 
 he took a slow step , forcing the cart 's wheels forward one revolution , then another . 
 each turn brought him closer to his goal . 
 but a gnawing fear grew with every step gained . 
 am i already too late ? 
 as the sun sank toward the horizon , bernard finally spotted his goal . 
 he trembled with exertion , nearly spent of even his fierce strength . 
 at the end of the street , past where the last of the city 's defenders fought fiercely , the leaden dome of a mosque rose to an indifferent blue sky . 
 dark blotches of blood marred its white facade . 
 even from this distance , he heard the frightened heartbeats of men , women , and children sheltering within the mosque 's thick walls . 
 as he strained against the wagon , he listened to their prayers for mercy from their foreign god . 
 they would find none from the beast in the cart . 
 nor from him . 
 their small lives counted little against the prize he sought-a weapon that promised to purge all evil from the world . 
 distracted by this hope , he failed to stop the front wheel of the cart from falling into a deep crack in the street , lodging stubbornly between the stones . 
 the wagon jolted to a stop . 
 as if sensing their advantage , the infidels broke through the protective phalanx around the cart . 
 a thin man with wild black hair rushed toward bernard , a curved blade flashing in the sun , intending to protect his mosque , his family , with his own life . 
 bernard took that payment , cutting him down with a lightning stroke of steel . 
 hot blood splashed bernard 's priestly robes . 
 though it was forbidden except for extreme circumstance and need , he touched the stain and brought his fingers to his lips . 
 he licked crimson from his fingertips . 
 blood alone would lend him the strength to push forward . 
 he would do penance later , for a hundred years if necessary . 
 from his tongue , fire ignited through him , stoking renewed strength into his limbs , narrowing his vision to a pinpoint . 
 he leaned his shoulder to the cart and , with a massive heave , got the wagon rolling again . 
 a prayer crossed his lips-pleading for his strength to hold , for forgiveness for his sin . 
 he rushed the cart forward as his brothers cleared a path for him . 
 the doors to the mosque appeared directly ahead , its last defenders dying at the threshold . 
 bernard abandoned the wagon , crossed the last strides to the mosque , and kicked open the barred door with a strength no mere man could muster . 
 from within , terrified screams echoed off ornate walls . 
 heartbeats ran together in fear-too many , too fast to pick out a single one . 
 they melted into one sound , like the roar of the sea . 
 frightened eyes glowed back at him from the darkness under the dome . 
 he stood in the doorway that they might see him backlit by the flames of their city . 
 they needed to recognize his priest 's robes and silver cross , to understand that christians had conquered them . 
 but more important , they must know that they could not flee . 
 his fellow sanguinists reached him , standing shoulder to shoulder behind him in the entrance to the mosque . 
 no one would escape . 
 the smell of terror filled the vast room , from the tiled floor to the vast dome overhead . 
 in one bound , bernard returned to the cart . 
 he lifted the cage free and dragged it up the stairs to the door , its iron bottom screeching , scoring long black lines in the stone steps . 
 the wall of sanguinists opened to receive him , then closed behind him . 
 he rocked the cage upright atop the polished marble tiles . 
 his sword smote through the lock 's hasp in a single blow . 
 standing back , he swung open the rusty cage door . 
 the creak drowned out the heartbeats , the breathing . 
 the creature stepped forth , free for the first time in many months . 
 long arms felt the air , as if seeking long familiar bars . 
 bernard could scarcely tell that this thing had once been human-its skin paled to the hue of the dead , golden hair grown long and tangled down its back , and limbs as thin as a spider 's . 
 terrified , the crowd retreated from the sight of the beast , pressing against the far walls , crushing others in their fear and panic . 
 the delicate scent of blood and fear billowed from them . 
 bernard raised his sword and waited for the creature to face him . 
 the creature must not escape into the streets . 
 its work was here . 
 it must bring evil and blasphemy to this sacred site . 
 it must destroy any holiness that might remain . 
 only then could the space be consecrated again for bernard 's god . 
 as if the beast heard his thoughts , it raised its wrinkled face toward bernard . 
 twin eyes shone milky white . 
 long it had been kept from the sun , and old it had been when it was turned . 
 a baby whimpered from the room ahead . 
 such a beast could not resist that temptation . 
 with a flash of skeletal limbs , it twisted away and lunged for its prey . 
 bernard lowered his sword , no longer needing it to hold the monster at bay . 
 the promise of blood and pain would imprison it within these walls for the time being . 
 he forced his feet forward , following behind the murderous beast . 
 as he crossed under the dome , he blocked his ears from the screams and prayers . 
 he turned his sight from the torn flesh , from the bodies he stepped over . 
 he refused to respond to the blight of blood hanging in the air . 
 still , the monster inside him , freshly stoked with a few drops of crimson , could not be entirely ignored . 
 it longed to join this other , to feed , to lose itself in simple need . 
 to be sated , truly sated , for the first time in years . 
 bernard stepped faster across the room , fearful of losing control , of succumbing to that desire-until he reached the stairs on the far side . 
 there the silence stopped him . 
 behind him , all heartbeats had ceased . 
 the stillness imprisoned him and he stood , unable to move , guilt ringing through him . 
 then an unnatural scream echoed off the dome , as the sanguinists killed the beast at last , its purpose fulfilled . 
 god , forgive me ... freed from that silence , he ran down the steps and through winding passageways far underneath the mosque . 
 his path drew him deeper into the bowels of the city . 
 the thick stink of the slaughter chased him , a wraith in the shadows . 
 then finally a new scent . 
 water . 
 dropping to his hands and knees , he crawled into a tight tunnel and discovered firelight flickering ahead . 
 it drew him forward like a moth . 
 at the tunnel 's end , a cavern opened , tall enough to stand up in . 
 he clambered out and to his feet . 
 a torch made of rushes hung on one wall , casting a flickering glow across a pool of black water . 
 generations of soot tarnished the high ceiling . 
 he began to step forward , when a woman rose from behind a boulder . 
 shiny ebony tresses spilled to the shoulders of her simple white shift , and her dark umber skin gleamed smooth and perfect . 
 a shard of metal , the length of her palm , dangled from a thin gold chain hung around her slender neck . 
 it fell to rest between well-formed br ** sts that pushed against a sheer linen bodice . 
 he had long been a priest , but his body reacted to her beauty . 
 with great effort , he forced his gaze to meet hers . 
 her bright eyes appraised his . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he heard no heartbeat from her , but he also knew innately she was n't like the caged beast , nor even like himself . 
 even from this distance , he felt the heat coming from her body . 
 `` are you the mistress of the well ? '' 
 it was a name he had found written upon an ancient piece of papyrus , along with a map to what lay below . 
 she ignored his questions . 
 `` you are not ready for what you seek , '' she simply said . 
 her words were latin , but her accent sounded ancient , older even than his . 
 `` i seek only knowledge , '' he countered . 
 `` knowledge ? '' 
 that single word sounded as mournful as a dirge . 
 `` here you will find only disappointment . '' 
 still , she must have recognized his determination . 
 she stepped aside and beckoned him to the pool with one dusky hand , her fingers long and graceful . 
 a thin band of gold encircled her upper arm . 
 he stepped past her , his shoulder nearly brushing hers . 
 the fragrance of lotus blossoms danced on the warm air that surrounded her . 
 `` leave behind your clothing , '' she ordered . 
 `` you must go into the water as naked as you once came from it . '' 
 at the water 's edge , he fumbled with his robe , struggling against the shameful thoughts that crowded his mind . 
 she refused to look away . 
 `` you have brought much death to this holy place , priest of the cross . '' 
 `` it will be purified , '' he said , seeking to appease her . 
 `` consecrated to the one god . '' 
 `` only one ? '' 
 sorrow wakened in those deep eyes . 
 `` you are so certain ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 the small gesture shed her thin shift from her shoulders . 
 it whispered to the rough stone floor . 
 torchlight revealed a body of such perfection that he forgot his vows and stared baldly , his eyes lingering on the curve of her full br ** sts , on her belly , on the long muscular line of her thighs . 
 she turned and dove into the dark water , barely causing a ripple . 
 alone now , he hurriedly unbuckled his belt , yanked off his bloody boots , and tore off his robe . 
 once naked , he sprang to follow , diving deep . 
 icy water washed away the blood on his skin , and baptized him into innocence . 
 he blew the air from his lungs , for he had no need of it as a sanguinist . 
 he sank quickly , swimming after her . 
 far below him , bare limbs shone white for a flash-then she flitted to the side , quick as a fish , and vanished . 
 he kicked deeper , but she had disappeared . 
 he touched his cross and prayed for guidance . 
 should he search for her or continue his mission ? 
 the answer was a simple one . 
 he turned and swam onward , through twisting passages , following the map in his head , one learned from those ancient scraps of papyrus , toward the secret hidden deep beneath jerusalem . 
 he moved as swiftly as he dared , into utter darkness , through complex passageways . 
 a mortal man would have died many times over . 
 one hand brushed rock , counting passages . 
 twice , he reached dead ends and had to backtrack . 
 he fought panic , telling himself that he had misread the map , promising himself that the place he searched for existed . 
 his despair grew to a sharp point-then a figure swept past him in the icy water , felt as a flow across his skin , heading back the way he had come . 
 startled , he went for his sword , remembering too late that he had left it in a pile with his robes . 
 he reached for her , but he knew she was gone . 
 turning in the direction from whence she had come , he kicked with renewed vigor . 
 he pushed through the rising dread that he would swim forever in the darkness and never find what he sought . 
 he finally reached a large cavern , its walls sweeping wide to either side . 
 though blind , he knew he had found the right place . 
 the water here felt warmer , burning with a holiness that itched his skin . 
 swimming to the side , he lifted trembling hands and explored the wall . 
 under his palms , he felt a design carved into the rock . 
 at last ... his fingertips crawled across the stone , seeking to understand the images etched there . 
 images that might save them . 
 images that might lead him to the sacred weapon . 
 under his fingers , he felt the shape of a cross , found a figure crucified there-and rising above it , the same man , his face raised high , his arms outstretched toward heaven . 
 between the bodies , a line connected this rising soul to the nailed body below . 
 as he followed this path , his fingertips burned with fire , warning him the line was made of purest silver . 
 from the cross , the fiery path flowed along the curved wall of the cavern to a neighboring carving . 
 here , he found a cluster of men with swords , come to arrest christ . 
 the savior 's hand touched one of the men on the side of the head . 
 bernard knew what this depicted . 
 the healing of malchus . 
 it was the last miracle that christ performed before his resurrection . 
 swimming along the wall , bernard traced the silver line through the many miracles that jesus had performed during his lifetime : the multiplication of the fishes , the raising of the dead , the curing of the lepers . 
 he drew each in his mind , as if he had seen them . 
 he strove to contain his hope , his elation . 
 at last , he came to the depiction of the wedding at cana , when christ turned water into wine . 
 it was the savior 's first recorded miracle . 
 still , the silver path headed outward again from cana , burning through the darkness . 
 but to where ? 
 would it reveal unknown miracles ? 
 bernard quested along it-only to discover a wide swath of crumbling rock under his fingers . 
 frantic , he swept his palms along the wall in larger and larger arcs . 
 shards of twisted silver embedded in the stone scored his skin with fire . 
 the pain brought him to his senses , forcing him to face his greatest fear . 
 this portion of the carving had been destroyed . 
 he spread both hands across the wall , groping for more of the design . 
 according to those ancient pieces of papyrus , this history of christ 's miracles was supposed to reveal the hiding place of the most sacred weapon of all-one that could destroy even the most powerful damned soul with a touch . 
 he hung in the water , knowing the truth . 
 the secret had been destroyed . 
 and he knew by whom . 
 her words echoed in his head . 
 knowledge ? 
 here you will find only disappointment . 
 finding him unworthy , she must have come straight here and defaced the sacred picture before he could see it . 
 his tears mingled with the cold water-not for what was lost , but from a harsher truth . 
 i have failed . 
 every death this day has been in vain . 
 chapter two december 18 , 11:12 a.m. est arlington , virginia sergeant jordan stone felt like a fraud as he marched in his dress blues . 
 today he would bury the last member of his former team-a young man named corporal sanderson . 
 like his other teammates , sanderson 's body had never been found . 
 after a couple of months of searching through the tons of rubble that had once been the mountain of masada , the military gave up . 
 sanderson 's empty coffin pressed hard against jordan 's hip as he marched in step with the other pallbearers . 
 a december snowstorm blanketed the grounds of arlington national cemetery , covering brown grass and gathering atop the branches of leafless trees . 
 snow mounded across the arched tops of marble grave markers , more markers than he could count . 
 each grave was numbered , most bore names , and all these soldiers had been laid to rest with honor and dignity . 
 one of them was his wife , karen , killed in action over a year before . 
 there had n't been enough of her to bury , just her dog tags . 
 her coffin was as empty as sanderson 's . 
 some days jordan could n't believe that she was gone , that he would never bring her flowers again and get a long slow kiss of thanks . 
 instead , the only flowers he would ever give her would go on her grave . 
 he had placed red roses there before he headed to sanderson 's funeral . 
 he pictured sanderson 's freckled face . 
 his young teammate had been eager to please , taken his job seriously , and done his best . 
 in return , he got a lonely death on a mountaintop in israel . 
 jordan tightened his grip on the cold casket handle , wishing that the mission had ended differently . 
 a few more steps past the bare trees and he and his companions carried the casket into a frigid chapel . 
 he felt more at home within these simple white walls than he had in the lavish churches of europe . 
 sanderson would have been more comfortable here , too . 
 sanderson 's mother and sister waited for them inside . 
 they wore nearly identical black dresses and thin formal shoes despite the snow and cold . 
 both had sanderson 's fair complexion , with faces freckled brown even in winter . 
 their noses and eyes were red . 
 they missed him . 
 he wished they did n't have to . 
 beside them , his commanding officer , captain stanley , stood at attention . 
 the captain had been at jordan 's left hand for all the funerals , his lips compressed in a thin line as coffins went into the ground . 
 good soldiers , every one . 
 he was a by-the-book commander and had handled jordan 's debriefing faultlessly . 
 in turn , jordan did his best to stick to the lie that the vatican had prepared : the mountain had collapsed in an earthquake , and everyone died . 
 he and erin had been in a corner that had n't collapsed and were rescued three days later by a vatican search party . 
 simple enough . 
 it was untrue . 
 and unfortunately , he was a bad liar , and his co suspected that he had n't revealed everything that had happened in masada or after his rescue . 
 jordan had already been taken off active duty and assigned psychiatric counseling . 
 someone was watching him all the time , waiting to see if he would crack up . 
 what he wanted most was to simply get back out in the field and do his job . 
 as a member of the joint expeditionary forensic facility in afghanistan , he 'd worked and investigated military crime scenes . 
 he was good at it , and he wanted to do it again . 
 anything to keep busy , to keep moving . 
 instead , he stood at attention beside yet another coffin , the cold from the marble floor seeping into his toes . 
 sanderson 's sister shivered next to him . 
 he wished he could give her his uniform jacket . 
 he listened to the military chaplain 's somber tones more than his words . 
 the priest had only twenty minutes to get through the ceremony . 
 arlington had many funerals every day , and they set a strict schedule . 
 he soon found himself outside of the chapel and at the gravesite . 
 he had done this march so many times that his feet found their way to this grave without much thought . 
 sanderson 's casket rested on snow-dusted brown earth beside a draped hole . 
 a cold wind blew across the snow , curling flakes on the surface into tendrils , like cirrus clouds , the kind of high clouds so common in the desert where sanderson had died . 
 jordan waited through the rest of the ceremony , listened to the three-rifle volley , the bugler playing `` taps , '' and watched the chaplain give the folded flag to sanderson 's mother . 
 jordan had endured the same scene for each of his lost teammates . 
 it had n't gotten any easier . 
 at the end , jordan shook sanderson 's mother 's hand . 
 it felt cold and frail , and he worried that he might break it . 
 `` i am deeply sorry for your loss . 
 corporal sanderson was a fine soldier , and a good man . '' 
 `` he liked you . '' 
 his mother offered him a sad smile . 
 `` he said you were smart and brave . '' 
 jordan worked his frozen face to match that smile . 
 `` that 's good to hear , ma'am . 
 he was smart and brave himself . '' 
 she blinked back tears and turned away . 
 he moved to take a step after her , although he did n't know what he would say , but before he could , the chaplain laid a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i believe we have business to discuss , sergeant . '' 
 turning , jordan examined the young chaplain . 
 the man wore dress blues just like jordan 's uniform , except that he had crosses sewn onto the lapels of his jacket . 
 looking closer now , jordan saw his skin was too white , even for winter , his brown hair a trifle too long , his posture not quite military . 
 as the chaplain stared back at him , his green eyes did n't blink . 
 the short hairs rose on the back of jordan 's neck . 
 the chill of the chaplain 's hand seeped through his glove . 
 it was n't like a hand that had been out too long on a cold day . 
 it was like a hand that had n't been warm for years . 
 jordan had met many of his ilk before . 
 what stood before him was an undead predator , a vampiric creature called a strigoi . 
 but for this one to be out in daylight , he must be a sanguinist-a strigoi who had taken a vow to stop drinking human blood , to serve the catholic church and sustain himself only on christ 's blood-or more exactly , on wine consecrated by holy sacrament into his blood . 
 such an oath made this creature less dangerous . 
 but not much . 
 `` i 'm not so sure that we have any business left , '' jordan said . 
 he shifted away from the chaplain and squared off , ready to fight if need be . 
 he had seen sanguinists battle . 
 no doubt this slight chaplain could take him out , but that did n't mean jordan would go down easy . 
 captain stanley moved between them and cleared his throat . 
 `` it 's been cleared all the way up to the top , sergeant stone . '' 
 `` what has , sir ? '' 
 `` he will explain everything , '' the captain answered , gesturing to the chaplain . 
 `` go with him . '' 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 jordan held his breath , hoping for a good answer . 
 `` it 's an order , sergeant . '' 
 he gave jordan a level glare . 
 `` it 's being handled way above my pay grade . '' 
 jordan suppressed a groan . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . '' 
 captain stanley quirked one tiny corner of his mouth , equivalent to a belly laugh from a jollier man . 
 `` that i believe , sergeant . '' 
 jordan saluted , wondering if it was for the last time , and followed the chaplain to a black limousine parked at the curb . 
 it seemed the sanguinists had barreled into his life again , ready to kick apart the rubble of his career with their immortal feet . 
 the chaplain held open the door for him , and jordan climbed in . 
 the interior smelled like leather and brandy and expensive cigars . 
 it was n't what one expected from a priest 's vehicle . 
 jordan slid across the seat . 
 the glass partition had been rolled up , and all he saw of the driver was the back of a thick neck , short blond hair , and a uniform cap . 
 the chaplain lifted his pant legs to preserve the crease before sliding in . 
 with one hand , he closed the door with a dignified thump , trapping jordan inside with him . 
 `` please turn up the heat for our guest , '' the chaplain called to the driver . 
 then he unbuttoned the jacket of his dress blue uniform and leaned back . 
 `` i believe my co said that you would explain everything . '' 
 jordan folded his arms . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` that 's a tall order . '' 
 the young chaplain poured a brandy . 
 he brought the glass to his nose and inhaled . 
 with a sigh , he lowered the glass and offered it toward jordan . 
 `` it 's quite a fine vintage . '' 
 `` then you drink it . '' 
 the chaplain swirled the brandy in the glass , his eyes following the brown liquid . 
 `` i think you know that i ca n't , as much as i 'd like to . '' 
 `` about that explanation ? '' 
 he pressed . 
 the chaplain raised a hand , and the car slid into motion . 
 `` sorry about all this cloak-and-dagger business . 
 or perhaps robe-and-cross might be the more apt term ? '' 
 he smiled wistfully as he sniffed again at the brandy . 
 jordan frowned at the guy 's mannerisms . 
 he certainly seemed less stuffy and formal than the other sanguinists he had met . 
 the chaplain took off his white glove and held out his hand . 
 `` name 's christian . '' 
 jordan ignored the invitation . 
 realizing this , the chaplain lifted his hand and ran his fingers through his thick hair . 
 `` yes , i appreciate the irony . 
 a sanguinist named christian . 
 it 's like my mother planned it . '' 
 the man snorted . 
 jordan was n't quite sure what to make of this sanguinist . 
 `` i think we almost met back in ettal abbey , '' the chaplain said . 
 `` but rhun picked nadia and emmanuel to fill out the rest of his trio back in germany . '' 
 jordan pictured nadia 's dark features and emmanuel 's darker attitude . 
 christian shook his head . 
 `` hardly a surprise , i suppose . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 the other raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i believe i 'm not sackcloth and ashes enough for father rhun korza . '' 
 jordan fought down a grin . 
 `` i can see how that would bug him . '' 
 christian set the brandy in a tray near the door and leaned forward , his green eyes serious . 
 `` actually father korza is the reason i 'm here . '' 
 `` he sent you ? '' 
 somehow jordan could n't picture that . 
 he doubted rhun wanted anything more to do with jordan . 
 they had n't parted on the best of terms . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 christian rested skinny elbows on his knees . 
 `` cardinal bernard is trying to keep it quiet , but rhun has disappeared without a word . '' 
 figures ... the guy was hardly the forthcoming sort . 
 `` has he contacted you since you left rome in october ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 `` why would he contact me ? '' 
 he tilted his head to one side . 
 `` why would n't he ? '' 
 `` i hate him . '' 
 jordan saw no point in lying . 
 `` he knows it . '' 
 `` rhun is a difficult man to like , '' christian admitted , `` but what did he do to make you hate him ? '' 
 `` besides almost killing erin ? '' 
 christian 's eyebrows drew down in concern . 
 `` i thought he saved her life ... and yours . '' 
 jordan 's jaw tightened . 
 he remembered erin limp on the floor , her skin white , her hair soaked with blood . 
 `` rhun bit her , '' jordan explained harshly . 
 `` he drained her and left her to die in the tunnels under rome . 
 if brother leopold and i had n't come upon her when we did , she 'd be dead . '' 
 `` father korza fed upon erin ? '' 
 christian rocked back , surprise painted on his face . 
 he scrutinized jordan for several seconds without speaking , plainly floored by the revelation of this sin . 
 `` are you certain ? 
 perhaps - '' `` they both admitted it . 
 erin and rhun . '' 
 jordan folded his arms . 
 `` i 'm not the one lying here . '' 
 christian raised his hands in a placating gesture . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to doubt you . 
 it 's just that this is ... unusual . '' 
 `` not for rhun it 's not . '' 
 he put his hands on his knees . 
 `` your golden boy has slipped before . '' 
 `` only once . 
 and elizabeth bathory was centuries ago . '' 
 christian picked up the glass of brandy and studied it . 
 `` so you 're saying that brother leopold knew all about this ? '' 
 `` he certainly did . '' 
 apparently leopold must have covered for rhun . 
 jordan felt disappointment , but not surprise . 
 the sanguinists stuck together . 
 `` he fed on her ... '' christian stared at the glass as if he might find the answer there . 
 `` that means rhun is full of her blood . '' 
 jordan shuddered , disturbed by that thought . 
 `` that changes everything . 
 we must go to her . 
 now . '' 
 christian leaned over and rapped on the partition to gain the driver 's attention . 
 `` take us to the airport ! 
 at once ! '' 
 instantly obeying , the driver accelerated the car , its bottom scraping when it crested a hill and headed out of the cemetery . 
 christian glanced to jordan . 
 `` we 'll part ways at the airport . 
 you can get home from there on your own , correct ? '' 
 `` i could , '' he agreed . 
 `` but if erin is involved in any of this , i 'm going with you . '' 
 christian drew in a long breath and let it out . 
 he pulled a cell phone from his pocket and punched in numbers . 
 `` i 'm sure cardinal bernard gave you the whole speech last time about your life and soul being in danger if you involve yourself in our affairs ? '' 
 `` he did . '' 
 `` then let 's save time and pretend i gave it again . '' 
 christian lifted the phone to his ear . 
 `` right now i must charter a plane to california . '' 
 `` so you do n't object to me going with you ? '' 
 `` you love erin , and you want to protect her . 
 who am i to stand in the way of that ? '' 
 for a dead guy , christian was turning out to be okay . 
 still , as the limousine sped across the snow-swept city , jordan 's anxiety grew sharper with every passing mile . 
 erin was in danger . 
 again . 
 and likely all because of the actions of rhun korza . 
 maybe it would be better if that bastard stayed lost . 
