 chapter one benji leaned towards rachel and clasped her warm hands . 
 he worried what she would say when he told her his secret . 
 he wavered , trying to determine if he wanted to tell her the truth about himself , or make something up . 
 he looked into her green eyes and with his free hand , brushed her hair from her face . 
 `` swear again , '' benji said , his voice quivering . 
 `` promise me you wo n't tell . '' 
 `` i swear . 
 i swear , '' rachel replied , staring back at him with her large eyes . 
 benji took a deep breath and exhaled , closing his eyes for a moment . 
 he had never shared his secret with anybody before , especially not a human , and he was working through an inner struggle , debating how to tell her . 
 he looked around the covered bridge to make sure nobody else was around . 
 he looked back at rachel , still staring at him , and felt her hand get clammy . 
 he knew she was getting more nervous with each moment of anticipation . 
 `` i 've never told anybody this before , '' benji began . 
 `` i hope you will still think of me the same way after i tell you . '' 
 he stopped speaking , closed his mouth and swallowed . 
 he felt his voice getting weak . 
 he did n't want to continue , but knew he had to at this point . 
 `` what is it ? 
 just tell me already ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 benji inhaled . 
 `` i 'm a vampire . '' 
 * rachel stared back at him with a confused look on her face . 
 he felt her warm hand slide out of his , as she took a step backwards . 
 silence filled the air as they both stood there , staring at each other . 
 benji did n't know what to do . 
 should he tell her more , or should he wait for her to say something ? 
 he could n't tell what she was thinking , but it was n't the response he was hoping for . 
 he was angry with himself for letting their relationship get this far , and angry that he told her his secret . 
 he knew it was a bad idea all along , but she gave him no choice . 
 he knew she would leave him if he had n't . 
 standing there on the covered bridge , benji watched as rachel began to shake her head in disbelief . 
 she looked him up and down as if he were some sort of alien . 
 `` vampire ? '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` stop lying . 
 tell me the truth . '' 
 benji did n't know how to respond . 
 he could tell her it was a lie and make up something else : something less scary and more believable . 
 he thought for a moment but knew he had to stick to the truth . 
 `` i am telling you the truth . 
 i 'm a vampire . 
 i have n't been completely honest with you about everything , but i want to make it right now . 
 i will tell you everything , '' benji said , looking at her , trying to read her changing expressions . 
 rachel took another step backwards and said , `` no ! 
 this ca n't be . 
 vampires do n't exist . '' 
 benji could see her body begin to shake as she moved even further away from him . 
 he wanted to comfort her and tell her everything was going to be ok , but he could n't get close to her . 
 `` please hear me out , '' benji said , trying to salvage the remaining bits of their relationship . 
 `` i was born 3,000 years ago . 
 i live in a castle , but have to flee when danger nears , '' benji said , trying to help rachel make sense of it all . 
 `` stop saying these things . 
 you are n't making any sense , '' rachel said , waving her hands in the air . 
 `` i told you i lived with my parents in a house near ahs , but i do n't . 
 i do n't have parents and i do n't live in a house . 
 i live at lyndvia castle , '' benji said . 
 `` this is crazy . 
 i feel like i know nothing about you . 
 i ca n't do this , '' rachel said as she turned away . 
 `` wait , let me finish . 
 i wo n't hurt you , i promise . 
 i do n't feed on humans . '' 
 `` stop ! 
 do n't come near me . 
 i need to go now , '' rachel shouted as she began to walk quickly away from benji and the covered bridge . 
 benji stood there , and watched rachel leave him behind . 
 `` stop , do n't go ! 
 i promise i can explain it all , '' he yelled after her . 
 he started running towards her , which made rachel run even faster . 
 `` you swore you would n't tell ! '' 
 benji screamed . 
 benji stopped running , realizing it was useless to follow her . 
 he knew she was scared and did n't want to be with him anymore . 
 he came to a stop along the side of a dirt road and sat down . 
 he replayed what had just happened over in his head , but still could n't believe it . 
 did he really just tell his secret ? 
 part of him was glad he shared it with her . 
 but a part of him felt regret . 
 he wondered if he had just made the biggest mistake of his life . 
 chapter two rachel peered over her shoulder as she ran down her block , checking to see if benji was still following . 
 she was scared and out of breath . 
 she had never run so fast , or as far , as she 'd run tonight . 
 as rachel neared her house she saw the flashing blue-and-red lights of a police car in her driveway . 
 when she looked closer , she saw her parents standing at her front door with the police . 
 now rachel was even more worried and scared . 
 why were the police at her house ? 
 rachel stopped and watched as her parents stood there , gesturing to the police officers . 
 she could n't make out what they were saying , but they did n't look happy . 
 she stood there watching , as she caught her breath . 
 she composed herself , and began to walk towards the house . 
 as she neared the front lawn , the motion sensor light lit up her face . 
 she stood there like a deer in headlights as the police officers and her parents turned their heads and stared right at her . 
 `` is this her ? '' 
 one of the policemen asked . 
 `` yes , this is rachel , '' her dad said . 
 rachel 's heart began to beat faster , and all she could think about was turning and running in the other direction . 
 she did n't want to deal with this situation , whatever it would bring . 
 she could n't understand what the police could possibly want with her . 
 rachel continued walking towards the front stoop , as the two police officers stared her down . 
 `` rachel wood ? '' 
 the police officer asked , as he looked down at his papers . 
 `` yes , '' rachel said . 
 `` do you know anything about a robert greene ? '' 
 the two police officers stood there and waited for her to respond . 
 `` um ... yes , '' rachel said in a quiet voice . 
 `` he goes to my school . '' 
 `` yes , he does go to your school . 
 we know that . 
 we want to know what you know about the fight tonight . 
 witnesses said you were in the middle of it . '' 
 rachel did n't know what to do . 
 she did n't know how to answer . 
 she was in the middle of it , but she did n't want to confess everything that she had found out tonight . 
 she was just beginning to process it all . 
 `` i was n't really in the middle of it , '' rachel said back , `` but i did see it . '' 
 `` we need to know all the information you have on this . 
 a few football players at ahs are in very serious condition at westchester north hospital . '' 
 rachel felt her heart sink . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 `` we need to know who beat them up . 
 can you tell us who you were with ? '' 
 rachel could n't lie to the police . 
 `` benji > he 's another student at ahs . '' 
 the police officers looked at each other , and then one began to write in his notebook . 
 she saw him write benji 's name . 
 `` where does benji live ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 rachel did n't know what to say . 
 should she tell them he is a vampire and lives in a castle ? 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' rachel replied . 
 `` you do n't know where your friend lives ? '' 
 the officer questioned . 
 `` well , we are not really friends , '' rachel said . 
 `` we just met . '' 
 the two police officers looked at her with questioning eyes . 
 `` what is the nature of your relationship ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 rachel did n't know how to respond . 
 she did n't know what they were . 
 were they friends ? 
 enemies ? 
 boyfriend and girlfriend ? 
 she did n't know . 
 `` i said we 've only just met . 
 we were becoming friends , but i do n't think i want to be his friend anymore , '' rachel answered in a sharp tone . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 the police officer asked . 
 `` because he 's not who i thought he was , '' rachel replied . 
 the police officer shook his head in agreement , as if he knew what she was talking about . 
 `` do you know anything else about the fight ? '' 
 the police officers asked again . 
 `` no , i do n't believe i do , '' rachel said . 
 `` thank you for your time . 
 if you hear from benji call the station right away . 
 we have a search team out for him . 
 all we have is one blurry cell phone picture of him , but ca n't make out his face . 
 oh , and if you think of anything else , please let us know , '' the officer finished . 
 `` ok , '' rachel said , feeling worried . 
 `` thank you officers , '' rachel 's dad said , a serious look on his face . 
 `` come inside dear , '' rachel 's mom said . 
 `` i think we need to have a little family meeting . '' 
 * rachel 's heart was thumping out of her chest and her hands were sweating . 
 she followed her parents into the living room and sat down on the couch . 
 `` who is this benji character ? '' 
 her dad asked , as he made himself comfortable on the couch across from rachel . 
 `` some guy i know from school , '' rachel said . 
 `` how old is he and what grade is he in ? '' 
 her mom asked . 
 `` well , he 's a senior , he 's 18 i think , not really sure , '' rachel replied in a soft voice . 
 `` 18 ! '' 
 her dad screeched out . 
 `` what are you doing with an 18 year old guy ? '' 
 `` i 'm not doing anything with him ! 
 i told you i just met him , i barely know him , '' rachel said , defending herself . 
 `` you 're fifteen years old , missy . 
 you have no business with an eighteen-year-old guy . 
 especially an eighteen year old criminal , '' her dad added . 
 `` honey , i think you 've taken this too far . 
 she 's only just met the boy , give her some slack , '' rachel 's mom interjected . 
 rachel smiled at her mom and they looked at each other with knowing eyes . 
 `` i trust you , sweetie . 
 i know you did n't have anything to do with this fight , '' rachel 's mom said . 
 `` but is there anything else you are n't telling us ? '' 
 rachel 's mom questioned . 
 rachel waited a moment , swallowed as if to hide what she really wanted to say and then said , `` no , that 's all . 
 there 's nothing else . '' 
 rachel instantly felt guilty . 
 her mother had been so naive and trusting about the whole situation , and she hated lying to her . 
 she wanted to tell her parents the whole truth about benji , but after what had happened tonight , she knew she could n't . 
 she figured it was better if they did n't know . 
 `` meeting adjourned , '' her dad said , as he stood up from the couch . 
 rachel went upstairs to her bedroom and shut the door behind her . 
 she stood there for a minute , trying to process what had just happened . 
 she walked into her bathroom , put her face in the sink , and splashed cold water over it with her hands . 
 she stayed there for a few minutes , leaning into her arms , glancing at her face in the mirror . 
 did that really happen ? 
 as she stood in her bathroom , she ran the night over and over in her head-her conversation with her parents , being interrogated by the police officers , the fight , and benji 's secret . 
 her mind was flooded with information and all she could think about was benji . 
 vampire ? 
 rachel tried to convince herself that she misheard him , but knew she did n't . 
 rachel did n't know what to do . 
 she did n't know anything about vampires , except for what she saw on tv at halloween . 
 she wondered for a fleeting moment , if it could be possible , and decided she had to find out more . 
 she walked downstairs to her family computer and typed into the google search bar : `` what is a vampire ? '' 
 33 million hits came back . 
 she clicked on the first and read it . 
 `` a vampire is a being who rises from his grave at night and lives off of the blood of humans by biting into their necks with their long , pointed canine teeth . '' 
 rachel stared at the computer screen . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 benji could n't be a vampire . 
 he did n't have long , pointed canine teeth and he did n't rise from his grave -- or at least she did n't think he did . 
 she remembered benji had said he did n't feed on humans . 
 if so , what kind of a vampire was he ? 
 rachel cleared her google search and entered a new one : `` are there different kinds of vampires ? '' 
 7 millions hits came back . 
 rachel glanced at all the headings , trying to figure out which one to read first . 
 she sat there , her hands shaking as she directed the mouse over a site called , the many types of vampires in the world today . 
 rachel read on , and she could n't believe her eyes . 
 there are many different types of vampires that live across our world . 
 there are immortal , mortal and psychic vampires - and the most feared of all are the immortal vampires . 
 suddenly , rachel remembered what benji had said . 
 her mind flashed back to their conversation when he said he was born 3,000 years ago . 
 it could n't be . 
 was he ... an immortal ? 
 rachel closed her eyes and held them shut , hoping that when she opened them , her computer screen would read something different . 
 as she opened her eyes , she saw the word immortal again , which made her mind shake . 
 she had no idea what this even meant , and all her google searches were bringing back different information . 
 it was clear that google did n't have all the answers about benji because there were so many different types of immortal vampires . 
 rachel stopped googling , stared at the screen , and then began to laugh . 
 she closed the browser window and got up from her computer . 
 she could n't believe she had let herself get so carried away with this whole vampire thing . 
 she knew this was all fictitious and mythic and that vampires did n't really exist . 
 as she walked back upstairs to her room , she tried to figure out what was so different about benji . 
 if he was n't a vampire , she figured he must be schizophrenic or bipolar or something . 
 he was acting pretty crazy on the bridge . 
 as rachel got to the top of the steps she heard the front door slam shut . 
 he heart started to pound . 
 was it benji ? 
 had he followed her home ? 
 rachel heard her mom 's voice coming from the kitchen , `` sarah , is that you ? '' 
 `` i 'm home , going to bed , '' sarah shouted back as she flew through the front door . 
 it was nearing midnight and sarah had just gotten home from the homecoming dance . 
 it had seemed like days since rachel left that dance , but it had only been a few hours . 
 sarah ran up the stairs and bumped into rachel . 
 rachel could smell the alcohol oozing from her pores . 
 sarah tripped and fell on the floor , and she laid there , her face planted into the carpet . 
 rachel did n't know what to do . 
 she had never seen sarah like this before . 
 rachel heard footsteps coming towards the staircase . 
 `` honey , are you ok ? '' 
 their mom said , as she neared the landing . 
 rachel knew she had to think quickly . 
 she did n't want to leave sarah laying there , almost passed out from drinking too much . 
 she did n't want her sister to get in trouble . 
 she knew sarah had been through a lot lately with gary , her ex-boyfriend who had broken up with her just a few days before . 
 she knew sarah was devastated and must have needed a release from the pressure of everything . 
 the footsteps began to climb the steps , and rachel thought quickly . 
 she grabbed sarah 's arm and dragged her into her bedroom and shut the door quickly . 
 rachel helped sarah up and into her bed , as the footsteps grew closer . 
 `` sarah are you in there ? '' 
 their mom asked again , this time in a louder , more nervous voice . 
 `` we 're here mom , just chatting about the dance , '' rachel replied , trying to cover for sarah . 
 `` did i hear a thud ? '' 
 rachel 's mom asked through the closed door . 
 rachel heard the door handle jiggle - it was locked . 
 `` yes , sorry , i dropped some books , did n't mean to alarm you , '' rachel said . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 their mom asked , still holding the doorknob . 
 rachel knew she had to do something , and fast . 
 she could n't just let her mom stand outside the room talking through the cracks , but she also could n't let her in to see sarah like this . 
 rachel walked over to the door and cracked it open and stuck her head out . 
 rachel saw her mom standing close to the door trying to peek in . 
 rachel whispered , `` sarah 's upset about gary , i 'm trying to cheer her up . 
 it 's not really a good time . '' 
 `` oh , '' her mom whispered back . 
 `` thanks rachel , you 're a great sister . '' 
 her mom kissed her on the top of her head and turned to walk away . 
 rachel was in the clear . 
 she shut the door again . 
 she knew she had just saved sarah from a lot of trouble . 
 rachel sat sarah up and gave her some water . 
 she helped her change out of her dress and into her pajamas . 
 sarah was slurring her words as she retold her night to rachel . 
 rachel was n't really paying attention , though , her mind still stuck on benji . 
 `` goodnight , sarah , '' rachel said as she walked out of her room through their adjoining bathrooms . 
 rachel stopped in the bathroom and looked in the mirror . 
 she could n't believe what had just happened . 
 she had been so kind to sarah and wondered if it had been her , if sarah would have done the same thing . 
 as rachel entered back into her room , she walked over to her desk drawer and pulled out her diary . 
 she felt like she needed a release and knew she always felt much better after she 'd written in her diary . 
 she opened it with the key that hung around her neck and began to write . 
 dear diary , i have a secret to tell you . 
 i am not allowed to tell anyone . 
 benji told me he was a vampire tonight . 
 i honestly do n't think i believe in vampires , but it still creeps me out . 
 he said that he does n't feed on humans and he also said that he would n't hurt me . 
 i trust that he wo n't hurt me , but i am nervous around him . 
 i need time to figure things out with him . 
 i ran away from him tonight and do n't know when , or if , i will see him again . 
 i wish i could talk to someone about this . 
 i need some advice but i swore to him i would n't tell . 
 i wish someone had been there to have see what happened tonight at the dance - how he fought off rob and his friends . 
 it was crazy . 
 i do n't think what he did was humanly possible . 
 i do n't know ... xoxo , rachel she locked her diary and pulled up on the lock , to make sure it was secure . 
 she did n't want anybody snooping in her business , especially now . 
 rachel could n't help but think about the incident at rye playland . 
 it flashed back in her mind like it was happening all over again . 
 next , her mind flashed to an image of benji beating up rob and his friends tonight . 
 her mind jumped to the feeling of his cold fingers between hers , and his bright blue eyes piercing hers . 
 she quickly snapped out of it , as she breathed deep to slow her breath . 
 she knew something was different about benji , but she did n't want to believe it . 
 she did n't want to believe he was a vampire . 
 chapter three rachel woke up to loud banging coming from her bathroom . 
 she rubbed her eyes and sat up , trying to figure out what could possibly be going on . 
 she got out of bed and went over to the door - locked . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 rachel asked through the door . 
 `` leave me alone , '' sarah said . 
 `` i ca n't find my cell phone . '' 
 `` you had it last night when you came in , '' rachel answered . 
 i saw it . '' 
 `` i did n't see you last night . 
 how would you know ? '' 
 sarah replied as she opened the door a crack . 
 rachel wondered what sarah was talking about . 
 how could she not remember last night ? 
 was she too drunk to remember that she had saved her from potential life punishment ? 
 rachel whispered to sarah what had happened the night before , and sarah looked at her in amazement . 
 then , a look of embarrassment and remorse came over her face and sarah thanked her for covering for her . 
 sarah hugged rachel and began to cry . 
 rachel had never experienced a moment like this with sarah before . 
 perhaps they were getting closer , rachel thought . 
 * as rachel 's mom pulled into the driveway of ahs , her heart began to thump . 
 her mind flashed back to the fight that had taken place just hours ago . 
 she did n't want to get out of the car . 
 she began to feel a panic inside of her . 
 as the car neared the front of the school , she could see kids standing near the scene of the fight , looking around . 
 the scene had been roped off with orange tape , as if they were doing an fbi investigation . 
 she saw the two police officers that were at her house the night before , guiding the kids past the scene . 
 rachel had no idea this had turned into such a big deal . 
 she instantly felt guilty , and part of her felt like a criminal . 
 rachel took a deep breath and opened the car door . 
 she entered the sea of kids whispering and gossiping about the fight . 
 `` i heard they were fighting over some sophomore girl . '' 
 `` i heard this guy was like super human , bodies flying everywhere . '' 
 rachel listened to the words that filled the air , and it made her want to run and hide . 
 as she walked through the doors of the school , she felt like everyone was staring at her . 
 she saw a group of cheerleaders standing in the corner near the cafeteria , one pointed at her as she whispered something to the others . 
 as she turned down the hallway towards her locker , she could hear the whispers getting louder and louder . 
 rachel wanted to leave , but knew once she got into her homeroom , she could sink down at her desk and hopefully go unnoticed . 
 she knew if she left school , it would make the situation much worse and she did n't want to get suspended for cutting . 
 she hated this guilty feeling that was filling her up inside . 
 she quickly walked to her locker and into her homeroom class , where mr. allen sat at his desk , looking at the kids quizzically . 
 rachel saw him staring at her and instantly realized that everyone , even the teachers knew . 
 `` what happened to you last night ? '' 
 emily asked , quietly . 
 `` i heard about the fight but could n't find you anywhere . 
 are you ok ? '' 
 rachel looked at her but did n't know how to respond . 
 she trusted emily , but she knew she could n't tell her the whole truth . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . 
 it was a little scary , but here i am , '' rachel said with a smile pointing to herself in a joking manner . 
 `` it 's not funny - you could have been killed . 
 i heard this benji guy is completely crazy , '' emily said in a serious voice . 
 `` he 's not that bad , '' rachel answered quietly , as she looked around to make sure nobody was listening . 
 `` he 's a nice guy . '' 
 `` um , he beat up rob and four other players , emily replied . 
 `` he does n't seem that nice . '' 
 `` well , it was n't his fault , they came after him , '' rachel said , sticking up for benji . 
 `` geez , calm down , why are you getting so defensive ? '' 
 emily snapped back . 
 rachel stopped for a moment , and then realized what she was saying . 
 she did n't know why she was sticking up for him , after everything that happened between them . 
 `` listen , i do n't want to talk about this anymore , ok , '' rachel said as she opened her notebook . 
 `` well , everyone 's talking about it , '' emily said . 
 `` i just want to know who this guy is ? 
 i 've never seen him around ahs . '' 
 `` he 's a senior . 
 i do n't know why you have n't seen him , he 's been around , '' rachel responded . 
 `` well , what 's going on between you two anyway ? 
 do you like him ? '' 
 emily asked with a questioning smile . 
 `` um . 
 he 's all right . 
 i thought i did , but now i do n't . 
 ok . 
 i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 `` fine , i 'll let it go ... for now . 
 but i want to hear more about this when you 're ready to talk about it . '' 
 rachel hated this . 
 she hated being interrogated by her friends and being the source of all the whispers in the school . 
 she desperately wanted to disappear . 
 ding ding ding . 
 the loud speaker began : good morning ahs students , teachers and faculty . 
 this is your principal , dr. mcnery speaking . 
 today is a hard day for us here at ahs , after the recent happenings of the homecoming dance . 
 we are still trying to get to the bottom of what exactly happened last night . 
 do n't feel alarmed , we have everything under control , and want each of you to know that we have arranged for a school psychologist to join us for the next few days . 
 her name is dr. joy and all students are welcome to see her at any point in the day . 
 we know what happened can be alarming , scaring and upsetting , and we want you to know that we have someone for you to talk to if you need to . 
 we may be calling students out of their classes today for questioning by the police , but again , this is just standard procedure and do not be alarmed . 
 thank you and have a good day . 
 rachel sunk down into her seat . 
 she had never felt so mortified . 
 she wanted to die . 
 her heart was thumping out of her chest as she sat there hoping that she would n't be called out of class , especially for questioning by the police . 
 could this go on my permanent records ? 
 rachel thought . 
 could this ruin my chances of getting into college ? 
 her nerves were all over the place and she could not sit still . 
 she was tapping her foot on the ground and moving her pencil up and down , in a rapid motion . 
 rachel could n't believe her `` almost '' boyfriend could cause such a raucous that the principal needed to hire a school psychologist . 
 and this whole fight started because of her , she thought . 
 she could n't help but feel like she single-handedly traumatized the entire school body . 
 a moment later the principal 's secretary walked through the door and went over to mr. allen 's desk . 
 she held a clipboard in front of him and pointed to a name . 
 he read it silently , shaking his head . 
 mr. allen looked up from the clipboard and directly at rachel , motioning for her to come forward . 
 `` they need you for questioning , '' mr. allen whispered , pointing to the clipboard . 
 rachel felt her face turn bright red with nervousness . 
 she shook her head and looked at the principal 's secretary . 
 `` now ? '' 
 rachel whispered . 
 `` follow me , '' she said in a stern voice . 
 rachel was scared . 
 she had never been this nervous or worried about anything in her entire life . 
 she followed the secretary out of the classroom and down the empty hallways . 
 the echo of their footsteps rang loudly in her ears as they walked towards the principal 's office . 
 it felt like they were walking forever . 
 each step felt like an hour as the anticipation grew . 
 rachel wondered what they were going to ask her . 
 she wondered if it would be the same police from last night , or different policemen . 
 as they neared the office , rachel 's anxiety levels were through the roof . 
 she felt her body shaking as she walked into the main office . 
 `` sit here , '' the secretary said , pointing to an open chair just outside dr. mcnery 's office . 
 the secretary peeked her head inside the principal 's office and said , `` she 's here , whenever you 're ready . '' 
 rachel felt like she was on trial . 
 she sat there waiting , tapping her foot and looking at her watch . 
 the minutes moved slowly as she sat there and awaited her fate . 
 she ran the fight over and over in her head trying to come up with a story that would be believable to the police . 
 after about fifteen minutes , the principal , dr. mcnery , came out of his office in his crisp navy blue suit with a blue and white striped tie and said in his deep authoritative voice , `` rachel wood , we 're ready for you . '' 
 rachel rose to her feet and walked slowly into dr. mcnery 's office . 
 she saw the two police officers from last night , along with another man wearing a police uniform that said police chief . 
 rachel began to panic and she could feel beads of sweat forming on her forehead . 
 she hoped the police officers did n't notice the state of panic she was in . 
 `` nice to see you again , rachel , '' one of the police officers said . 
 `` rachel , i know my associates spoke with you last night , but we need to ask you a few questions , as this has turned into a very serious matter , '' the police chief said in a serious tone . 
 `` ok , '' rachel said , as she nodded her head . 
 the police chief unfolded the daily westchester newspaper that was under his arm and placed it down on the table . 
 rachel took one look at it and was in utter horror . 
 she could n't believe her eyes . 
 was that really a picture of her and benji on his motorcycle outside of rye playland ? 
 rachel grabbed the paper and began to read the article . 
 teen with super powers saves girl 's life at the rye playland ferris wheel : a teenage boy saved ahs sophomore , rachel wood 's life as she nearly fell to her death on the rye playland ferris wheel two days ago . 
 the teen boy is said to be a student at ahs , although he has not been identified at this time . 
 onlookers watched as one of the cars on the popular playland ride plunged to the ground , shattering in front of their eyes . 
 the crowd looked up to see the boy , miraculously lifting rachel up with super natural strength into the next car . 
 as the ride stopped , and the two got off , they seemed not to be phased by the incident . 
 when onlookers asked the boy how he did it , and if they were ok , he did n't respond . 
 the two then briskly walked out of the amusement park and were spotted taking off on his motorcycle -lrb- pictured above -rrb- . 
 there have been no further details on this story . 
 rachel was in shock . 
 `` rachel , can you tell us more about this night ? '' 
 the police chief asked . 
 rachel did n't know where to begin . 
 she tried to figure out what to say , and then said , `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` what happened that night ? 
 how did he save you ? '' 
 `` well , '' rachel took a deep breath . 
 `` he grabbed me as the car was falling to the ground and lifted me into another car . 
 he 's a strong guy , and i think his adrenalin was pumping . '' 
 `` yes , it must have been . 
 that seems pretty incredible if you ask me , '' the police chief said . 
 `` yeah , he did n't seem to think it was a big deal , '' rachel added . 
 `` there is something mysterious about benji . 
 we do n't have any record of him going to this school , yet we know you said he was a senior at ahs , '' the police chief said . 
 `` yes , we do not have any student named benji here at ahs , '' dr. mcnery said . 
 `` i 'm sorry but you seem to have the wrong information . '' 
 rachel was confused . 
 she thought for a minute and then began to piece things together in her head . 
 benji is a vampire ; of course he does n't go to school . 
 but then why did he say he did ? 
 she felt conflicted with all the information she had in her head . 
 she did n't know what was true and what was false anymore . 
 `` where did you meet him ? '' 
 dr. mcnery asked . 
 `` um , i met him when i was walking home one day . 
 he picked me up on his motorcycle , '' rachel replied . 
 `` did he tell you anything about where he lives ? 
 where his parents work ? 
 his siblings ? 
 we need to know everything you know , so we can track him down , '' the police chief asked . 
 `` he said he lived close to school , but that could be a lie , too . 
 i 'm sorry , i do n't know what is true anymore , '' rachel answered . 
 `` we understand , '' the police chief said , as he finished writing down everything she 'd just told them on his note pad . 
 `` can you tell me again , what the nature of your relationship with benji is ? '' 
 the police chief asked . 
 `` we were becoming friends , but now , i 'm not speaking to him , '' rachel said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 the police chief asked . 
 rachel realized she had misspoken . 
 why did she open up that can of worms ? 
 now rachel sat there , looking at the four of them , not knowing what to say . 
 `` we got into a fight , '' rachel answered . 
 `` it 's really not a big deal . '' 
 `` a fight ? '' 
 replied the police chief , `` about what ? '' 
 rachel had officially dug her own grave . 
 she knew she was going to have to tell them something . 
 but what ? 
 should she tell them that benji is a vampire , and go against her promise ? 
 or should she make something up ? 
 rachel 's mind was racing ; she could n't just sit there and say nothing . 
 she knew that this would n't end well for her , and that she was going to get in big trouble . 
 each moment she did n't answer felt like a day . 
 she knew they were probably wondering why it was taking so long for her to answer . 
 rachel 's panicked state was making her draw a blank . 
 she was speechless . 
 `` we need to know what this fight was about , rachel . 
 you need to share everything you know , '' the police chief asked again . 
 `` this could be our clue to finding this criminal . '' 
 rachel nodded and opened her mouth to speak , but then closed it again . 
 her mind was racing with ideas . 
 she did n't want to betray benji after she had sworn not to tell a soul-but she was being asked to do so . 
 she waited another moment and then said , `` i do n't really want to talk about it . '' 
 the policemen looked at each other and then back to the principal . 
 `` rachel , you need to tell the police what is going on , '' dr. mcnery prodded . 
 `` it 's personal , and really would n't help you , '' rachel said shyly . 
 the police chief looked at his pad of paper and then looked up at rachel , `` of course it will help us . 
 any bit of information will gather the clues we need to bring us to benji . '' 
 rachel looked at him and then back at dr. mcnery , who was shaking his head as if to say , go on , tell them . 
 rachel did n't say a word . 
 she stood there in an awkward silence , keeping benji 's secret safe inside of her . 
 `` rachel , you can either tell us now , or tell us later . 
 either way this information is crucial to us , '' the police chief said in a stern voice . 
 `` what 's it going to be ? '' 
 rachel looked down at the ground and shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to tell you now . '' 
 `` you have twenty four hours to tell us . 
 we will meet with you tomorrow morning at school , '' the police chief said coldly . 
 `` see you then . '' 
 chapter four as rachel walked out of the principal 's office , she was in shock . 
 she could n't believe she would have to spill her secret to the police in twenty-four hours . 
 as she began walking down the hall , she tried to process everything that had happened . 
 she looked down at her watch to see what period it was , the minute hand has just changed and it was now , 11:30 am , which meant it was time for lunch . 
 she was dreading going into the cafeteria . 
 if only the police questioning had lasted longer , she would n't have to deal with the cafeteria scene today . 
 if she thought it was bad last week , she could n't imagine what it would be like today . 
 rachel walked to her locker and grabbed the brown paper bag that held her lunch . 
 she could smell the peanut butter aroma coming from inside and heard the loud voices of kids breezing down the hallways . 
 their voices echoed in her head , as she tried to listen for conversations about the fight . 
 she hoped that people had moved on to another topic , but that was not the case , everyone was still buzzing about the homecoming dance fight . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going to happen to the team ? '' 
 `` i heard they got a serious beating . '' 
 `` who is this guy anyway ? '' 
 rachel could n't help but hear the gossip swarming around her . 
 she so badly wanted to set everyone straight , but she knew she could n't . 
 she knew she would have to keep it bottled inside until this whole thing died down . 
 as she walked with the crowds of people , her mind was spinning with everything that had just happened . 
 she could n't stop thinking about her interrogation by the police chief . 
 at that moment she remembered the newspaper article . 
 did she really see a photo of herself on the front page of the westchester daily news ? 
 she ran the article over and over in her head , which made her incredibly anxious . 
 as if she did n't have enough on her plate , rachel worried about her parents finding out about rye playland . 
 she knew she had to come up with a way to dodge her parents looking at the paper . 
 as she was coming up with ideas in her head , she felt a tap on her shoulder , which made her nearly jump out of her skin . 
 `` why are you so skitzo today ? '' 
 asked jen who was walking with emily and taryn . 
 `` i know you guys heard what happened last night , do n't pretend like you do n't know what i 'm going through , '' rachel said back . 
 `` yeah , we know , but we want to hear it from you , '' taryn said with a laugh . 
 `` what are you going through ? '' 
 asked jen . 
 `` guys , we should give her some space , she 's had a rough morning , '' emily chimed in . 
 `` thanks , em , '' said rachel . 
 `` it 's been tough . '' 
 the four girls walked into the cafeteria and found a seat at the table . 
 rachel actually felt thankful that her friends found her in the hall so she would n't have to walk into the cafeteria alone , of all days . 
 she felt like she had just dodged a bullet . 
 even so , the second that they all walked into the cafeteria , rachel could immediately sense everybody stop to turn and stare at her . 
 she felt her cheeks redden from all the attention . 
 she could even have sworn that the entire noise level in the cafeteria dropped dramatically at her entrance . 
 thank god i do n't have to go stand on line for a hot lunch , she thought , gratefully clutching her brown paper bag . 
 as they unpacked their lunches , liv and kate joined the table . 
 `` omg , this is the craziest day i 've ever seen at ahs guys , '' liv said , as she took out her iced tea . 
 `` um , yeah ! 
 it 's sick what 's been going on , '' kate added . 
 `` did you guys hear the police chief has been here questioning kids about last night ? 
 i heard they questioned amanda , who had been driving out of the parking lot and saw the fight . 
 rumor has it , she snapped a pic from her cell and gave it to the police , '' liv said . 
 they all looked at rachel , expectantly , as if waiting for her to say something . 
 clearly , this was the moment when they all expected her to fill them in on everything that had happened . 
 but rachel did n't know what to say . 
 she did n't want to gossip about last night with her friends , so she sat there and began to eat her sandwich as she thought about what she was hearing . 
 her world was being shaken upside down and there was nothing she could do to stop it . 
 `` guys , can we change the subject ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` i 've been dealing with this all day . 
 i need a break . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 said , taryn . 
 `` this is the biggest thing to happen to ahs in years , thanks to you ! '' 
 `` we want to hear your side of the story . 
 please , just tell us . 
 we wo n't tell anyone , '' liv said , as she leaned into the middle of the table . 
 `` i 'll tell you , '' rachel said , `` but not at school . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` ah ! '' 
 shrieked liv , `` i ca n't wait ! '' 
 `` tell us now , '' emily begged . 
 `` we 'll leave you alone after , we promise , not a peep about it . '' 
 rachel felt as if she were under fire . 
 she wanted to tell them what was going on , but at the same time , she wanted to keep her secret . 
 after all , she had sworn to benji that she would never tell . 
 but , at the same time , she had to give them something . 
 `` well , '' rachel began , thinking what to say , `` the principal called me into his office , too . 
 the police were there . 
 they asked me a lot of questions . '' 
 `` omg , '' emily said . 
 `` what did you say ? 
 what did you tell them ? '' 
 `` are you in trouble ? '' 
 liv asked . 
 `` are you suspended ? '' 
 `` and what happened to him ? 
 who is he , anyway ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 `` are you guys dating ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 rachel felt overwhelmed by all the questions . 
 she did n't know who to respond to first , what to say . 
 she tried to think of a response that would satisfy all of them . 
 she could have even sworn that she saw people from the table over quieting down and listening in on their conversation . 
 `` i barely know him , '' rachel said . 
 `` his name is benji . 
 we had just met . 
 he had asked me out , but i said no . 
 then we met at the dance . 
 rob saw us , and i guess he got jealous . 
 then they to started to fight . 
 but i really had nothing to do with the whole thing . 
 i tried to stop it , but it did n't do any good . 
 so , like , i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` this guy sounds like a real creep , '' kate said . 
 rachel , despite herself , felt herself flushing red , getting angry , wanting to defend benji . 
 `` do n't say that , '' she snapped back . 
 `` he did n't do anything wrong . '' 
 `` yeah , right , '' liv said . 
 `` he just beat up our team for no reason . 
 `` that 's not how it happened , '' rachel snapped , and was embarrassed to realize that she actually yelled . 
 half the cafeteria turned around , dead silent , listening to her , as she stood at the table . 
 `` they attacked him . 
 he was just defending himself . 
 you guys should get your facts straight before you go around accusing other people ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 now rachel was mortified . 
 she was the only one standing in the cafeteria , and she was screaming at her friends , her face entirely red , and the entire place was dead quiet . 
 she looked around and realized how bad the situation had become . 
 she was rotating , oscillating between anger and dread . 
 and to make things worse , her new friends now looked up at her as if she were some kind of anger-fueled freak , some kind of maniac . 
 she could actually see fear in their eyes . 
 rachel did n't blame them . 
 she was afraid of herself at this moment . 
 she had never felt herself explode with this kind of anger before . 
 `` omg , '' kate said quietly , in a timid voice , `` i was just saying . 
 i did n't mean to like mortally offend you . '' 
 rachel tried to think of something witty to say back to her , but she was too overwhelmed . 
 she was n't thinking clearly , and her mind was n't functioning properly . 
 so instead , she just turned , pushed back her chair , and stormed out of the cafeteria , between the rows of tables , everyone watching her . 
 she could hear a pin drop . 
 it was dead silent , except for the sound of her beat-up converse scraping along the floor as she walked down the hall , and out the cafeteria doors . 
 as they closed behind her , the one thing she realized was that she had finally messed it all up for good : now she did n't have a single friend left at ahs . 
 chapter five rachel stormed into her house and up to her bedroom . 
 she could n't believe what had happened at school today ; not in her wildest dreams did she think her day would turn out that badly . 
 rachel took out her diary and began to write . 
 she knew it was the only thing that would ease her mind and calm her nerves . 
 she did n't know what else to do . 
 a tear came streaming down her face and landed on the cover of her diary . 
 she brushed it off , but it left a small wet stain on the front . 
 as she opened the lock with the key she wore around her neck , she heard footsteps coming towards her room . 
 they grew louder and louder , and rachel got tense . 
 she could n't imagine who could be storming down the hallway at 3:30 pm . 
 she thought nobody was home . 
 she knew it could n't be her father ; he never came home before 6pm . 
 ever . 
 `` rachel , you get out here this minute , '' her dad 's voice came shouting through the door . 
 rachel quivered and leapt to her feet . 
 she could n't imagine what this was about and she had never heard her dad use such a forceful tone . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rachel yelled through the door . 
 `` you better get yourself down to the kitchen , young lady , and fast , '' her father repeated . 
 `` your mother and i are waiting . '' 
 rachel got scared . 
 she locked her diary up , threw it in her desk drawer and swung open her bedroom door . 
 she quickly walked downstairs , not knowing what would happen to her once she saw her mom and dad . 
 rachel peeked her head into the kitchen where she heard her parents whispering and hoped to catch a glimpse of them before she entered the room , but they had spotted her . 
 rachel stood there like a deer in the headlights . 
 as rachel crept into the kitchen , her parents just stood there , looking at her and waiting . 
 rachel looked back at them , and then saw her father look down towards the kitchen table . 
 rachel followed his gaze as her eyes spotted it . 
 she could n't believe what was happening - or rather , what was about to happen . 
 there it was , the westchester daily news , right in front of her eyes . 
 rachel began to sweat ; she could feel her body fill with regret as she stood there waiting to hear what her parents had to say about this one . 
 rachel could n't help but wonder why she was getting herself into so much trouble these days , and why she was always at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 she waited for her parents to say something , but they just stood there silently , looking at her and then back at the paper . 
 she did n't know what to do - she could n't figure out if they wanted her to explain herself , or if she should wait there in agony for them to speak . 
 rachel opened her mouth to say something , and her dad immediately interrupted her . 
 `` what 's this all about ? '' 
 he said in a loud firm voice . 
 rachel put her head down and said , `` um , '' she paused , `` i do n't know , it was a mistake , i 'm sorry . '' 
 rachel heard her mom sniffle , and begin to cry . 
 she looked at her mom , who was standing there , rubbing her eyes with a tissue . 
 `` your mother and i are extremely disappointed in you , rachel . '' 
 her dad looked up and glared at her . 
 `` do you know how this has hurt us , and what this means for our family ? '' 
 her dad added . 
 `` and a motorcycle ? 
 really , rachel ? '' 
 her mom sobbed . 
 `` i thought i could trust you . '' 
 `` everyone is talking about this , rachel , '' her dad said . 
 `` not only are we dealing with the police from your involvement with the fight last night , but now you have to be on the front page of the newspaper ? '' 
 her dad paused . 
 `` do you realize that everyone is talking about you ? 
 and about our family ? '' 
 rachel stood there and waited . 
 she could tell he had more to say , but stopped to grab her mom another tissue , and to put his arm around her . 
 `` i left work early , rachel . 
 as soon as i heard about this i ran home . 
 it is clear that you will need more structure for your afternoons . 
 no more being left home alone , no more hanging out with friends , no more anything , '' he yelled . 
 rachel began to cry , too . 
 `` but , i , '' rachel wiped her tears . 
 `` it was n't my fault . 
 i did n't do anything , '' she said . 
 `` why do you guys have to be so hard on me all the time ? 
 you should be lucky i 'm alive , '' rachel yelled , as she turned and stomped out of the kitchen . 
 `` get back here , '' her dad shrieked . 
 `` do not walk away from us when we 're speaking to you ! '' 
 rachel 's mom added . 
 rachel turned back around and went back into the kitchen . 
 `` what 's left to say ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` rachel , i thought you had told us everything , '' her mom said , still crying and wiping away her tears . 
 `` i had no idea what was going on , and ca n't believe we had to find out like this . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' rachel said . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? 
 i ca n't go back and change things . 
 i wish i could , but what 's done is done . '' 
 `` maybe this move was a bad idea , '' her mom said , looking at her dad . 
 `` nothing seems to be going right for us anymore , and we hardly even recognize you , rachel . 
 what has happened to you ? '' 
 rachel stood there in shock . 
 she did n't feel like she had changed , especially not to the point of being unrecognizable to her own parents . 
 she was devastated . 
 she never meant to hurt them , especially not her mother . 
 `` listen , i 'm sorry . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` we 've heard that before , '' her dad yelled . 
 `` it wo n't happen again , because you wo n't be going out again . 
 from now on , all you 'll be doing is going to school and coming home , and do n't even think about seeing that guy benji again . '' 
 `` go to your room and do n't come out for the rest of the night , '' her mom said . 
 `` i ca n't stand to look at you right now . '' 
 * rachel began to sob as she turned around . 
 now she really had nobody , not even her parents to stick by her . 
 she was devastated and alone . 
 she stomped up to her room and slammed the door . 
 she could n't believe what had just happened . 
 she felt completely jolted by her parent 's reaction . 
 rachel took her diary back out of the desk to write . 
 she opened it again , noticing her tear had completely dried on the front of her journal , leaving a dry circular mark . 
 as she opened to a blank page , she could feel the tears swelling up in her eyes and her vision became blurry . 
 she blinked a few times and tears began streaming down her cheeks again . 
 she could n't stop crying . 
 she walked over to her bed and buried her head in between her pillows . 
 she lay there crying into her pillows for a while until she felt something on her back . 
 it was cold . 
 a cold hand and it began rubbing her back ever so softly . 
 rachel had no idea who this could be . 
 for a moment , she thought benji had come to comfort her . 
 then , she popped her head up and wiped away her final tears . 
 there she saw sarah , sitting there with her coat and cheerleading uniform still on from practice . 
 `` i just got home and heard you crying , '' sarah said . 
 `` i 'm ok , really , '' rachel said , trying to sound strong . 
 `` c'mon , i can tell you 're not ok , '' sarah paused . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 rachel felt so touched that sarah had come in to see her after the horrible events of the day . 
 she could n't believe someone was actually being nice to her . 
 for a moment , she thought everything would be all right . 
 `` i 'm grounded . 
 they saw the article , '' rachel said . 
 `` they 're also pissed about last night , which is so unfair because it was totally not my fault . '' 
 `` i know , '' said sarah . 
 `` i heard all about it today from the girls at practice . 
 they 're pretty upset , too , but i stuck up for you . '' 
 `` thanks , you did n't have to do that . 
 it really does n't matter anymore . 
 i have no friends now , '' rachel said as another tear rolled slowly down her cheek . 
 `` listen , rachel , things are bad right now , but do n't worry . 
 the truth will win . 
 you have to remember that , '' sarah added . 
 rachel felt scared . 
 her sister was right , but she did n't know the truth either . 
 nobody did , except for her , and she was not going to tell a soul . 
 `` listen , rach , i 'll talk to mom and dad , '' sarah said . 
 `` i 'll try and get you out of it . '' 
 rachel could n't believe her ears . 
 she could n't believe that sarah was going to stick up for her , and that they were really becoming friends and confidants . 
 rachel was ecstatic . 
 this is what she had always dreamed her relationship with her sister would be like . 
 at that moment , rachel heard a buzzing sound coming from her inside her backpack . 
 1 new message : rachel looked down at her phone , clutching it in her hand , nervous to open it to see what her friend had to say . 
 rachel flipped her motorola flip phone open and saw a message from kate . 
 kate : sorry about today . 
 i 'm with liv and taryn . 
 we really did n't mean to upset you . 
 rachel thought for a moment and began to write back . 
 she did n't mean to yell at her friends after all . 
 she did n't know what had come over her in the cafeteria to make her scream like that . 
 rachel : i 'm sorry , too . 
 i did n't mean to yell at you guys . 
 kate : truce ? 
 rachel : haha , yeah ! 
 rachel 's phone buzzed again . 
 she flipped her phone and it was emily . 
 she could n't understand why everyone was contacting her all at once . 
 emily : hey there ! 
 wan na come to the mall tomorrow ? 
 we 're all gon na go after school and then hit the movies after . 
 rachel did n't know how to respond . 
 she knew she was grounded for the rest of her life , and that the answer would be no . 
 she did n't dare go downstairs to ask her parents , but she did n't want to say no to her friends . 
 she was stuck . 
 she took out her phone and began to type . 
 rachel : yeah , i 'll try to come ! 
 before she could even think about what she had written , she pressed the send button . 
 she would have to find a way to get out of the house . 
 chapter six benji loved taking road trips . 
 he especially loved taking trips to upstate new york in the fall , when the leaves were changing and the weather turned cooler . 
 he sat there with his right hand on the clutch , revving the engine of his motorcycle and speeding up route 22 on his way to visit his twin brother , hunter , at the mount pines preparatory school in the catskill mountains . 
 benji did n't see hunter often , but he knew he had to see him to tell him he broke the ancient code of their coven . 
 benji had been feeling guilty since he let his secret out on the bridge after the dance that night . 
 he knew he should n't have told rachel , but he could n't have kept it inside any longer . 
 she was his first true love , and he did n't want to ruin things between them . 
 especially because he felt rachel was giving him an ultimatum . 
 now benji felt like he really messed things up between them . 
 rachel was scared of him , he knew the police were trying to hunt him down , and he feared what hunter would say when he told him what had happened . 
 as benji was stopped at a red light , right outside of the mount pines campus , he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket . 
 he squeezed his hands into the tight pockets of his black skinny jeans , and pulled out his phone . 
 he was hoping it was rachel . 
 they had n't talked since he told her he was a vampire and it was eating him up inside . 
 he so desperately wanted to call her , but he was scared at how she would react if he did . 
 he did n't want to create any more drama for her . 
 1 new message : benji flipped open his phone hoping to see rachel 's name . 
 hunter : you 're late . 
 i 've been waiting here for 25 minutes . 
 i 'm at campus coffee . 
 benji closed his phone and put it back into his pocket . 
 he drove into the long entrance of the school . 
 to the right , he saw the soccer field where the team , dressed in white and green uniforms , was practicing . 
 to the left he saw the girls track team , and in the distance he could see the football team running up and down the field doing sprints . 
 benji turned off his motorcycle , put his black helmet under the seat , took the key out of the ignition and slipped it into his pocket along with his cell phone . 
 he was getting anxious as he approached campus coffee , but he knew he had to tell his brother the story . 
 he needed advice , and did n't know who else to turn to . 
 as benji pushed open the door to the coffee shop , he heard the bells ring at the top of the door . 
 he could smell the delicious aroma of coffee , which infused the air . 
 he looked around but did n't see hunter . 
 he wondered if this was the right place . 
 benji walked up to the counter and looked through the glass at all the baked goods and sweets . 
 `` can i get a mocha latte and a danish please ? '' 
 benji asked the woman behind the counter . 
 `` sure , '' she replied . 
 `` take a seat , we will bring it over to you . '' 
 benji paid the woman , and then turned to find a seat . 
 at that moment the bathroom door swung open , almost hitting benji in the face . 
 `` hey bro ! '' 
 hunter said . 
 `` way to be on time . '' 
 `` oh , hey man , '' benji , said . 
 `` sorry , got caught up . '' 
 the two walked over to a small table that was located in the back corner of the coffee shop . 
 benji knew that table would give them privacy to talk about what happened . 
 `` so , what 's the urgency ? '' 
 hunter asked , looking quizzically at benji . 
 `` well , there 's this girl i like . 
 her name is rachel , '' benji paused , `` and we 've been out a few times . 
 i really like her . '' 
 `` that 's why you came up to see me ? '' 
 hunter laughed , beginning to stand up . 
 hunter took everything very seriously . 
 he and benji were complete opposites , and sometimes benji could n't help but get frustrated by his meticulous and critical ways . 
 hunter spent his days in the art studio , where he painted miraculous pieces of art . 
 he had been studying art for hundreds of years , although nobody knew that . 
 hunter was always dressed immaculately , he wore a suite and tie with a crisp white collared shirt - `` mount pines est. 1832 '' embroidered on the pocket . 
 he was clean-shaven and well groomed , never a hair out of place . 
 hunter never seemed to have time for anything or anyone . 
 he was a loner who enjoyed spending his days painting and sculpting things . 
 he had been at various prep schools for as long as benji can remember . 
 he did n't like living at home ; he did n't like having the rules of the coven constantly hanging over him . 
 not to mention , hunter liked being in the mountains . 
 he liked to hear the howling of the wolves at night , and seeing the dark night sky . 
 he felt invigorated and inspired by them , and it sparked his creative juices to be in that environment . 
 `` no , that 's not the only reason i came up here , '' benji snapped back . 
 `` geez , why do you have to be so short with me ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , go on . 
 i just have to get to class in fifteen minutes . 
 we are studying the realm of darkness today , and i do n't want to be late , '' hunter said . 
 `` i , um , she 's incredible . 
 she has beautiful eyes , soft skin , warm hands . '' 
 `` did you taste her ? '' 
 hunter interrupted . 
 `` no ! 
 never . 
 do n't ever say that again , '' benji yelled . 
 `` i did n't realize you were so sensitive , benji . 
 what has come over you ? 
 i do n't even recognize you . '' 
 `` listen , hunter , '' benji said as he leaned into the center of the table . 
 `` i did something . '' 
 hunter leaned in , `` what did you do ? 
 did you sleep with her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did something else , '' benji whispered . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` if i tell you , hunter , you have to promise to stay calm . 
 and you ca n't tell anyone . '' 
 `` this is bad , '' hunter said , now looking at benji with a serious look . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 benji swallowed and cleared his throat . 
 he could feel his body getting colder and colder . 
 `` i told . '' 
 `` told her what ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` i told our secret , '' benji said remorsefully . 
 `` i had to . '' 
 `` what do you mean you had to ? '' 
 `` i mean what i say . 
 i had to tell her . '' 
 hunter stared back in total disbelief . 
 benji had never seen him so shocked . 
 `` how could you do this to us ? 
 do you know what could happen to us , to our family ? '' 
 `` i know , i do . 
 but i trust her . 
 you have to believe me . 
 she is just like us . '' 
 `` what do you mean she is just like us ? 
 she is a human . '' 
 `` i know , but there is something so radiant about her , you will see . '' 
 `` i will not see anything . 
 i do n't ever want to meet her . 
 especially now , '' hunter snapped . 
 `` this could cost us our lives , benji . 
 i ca n't believe that because of some stupid high school romance you would betray our coven like this . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to betray the coven . 
 i think when everyone gets to know her ; they will feel the same way i do . 
 i know she wo n't tell . '' 
 `` you do n't know anything . 
 you do n't know how the human mind thinks . '' 
 `` listen hunter , she is special , ok ? 
 stop reprimanding me . '' 
 `` if our parents were here now , what they would do to you ... '' hunter said , shaking his head . 
 `` oh would you stop , '' benji said . 
 `` you have no idea what i 've been going through in westchester . 
 it gets lonely , really lonely . 
 you would n't know what that 's like . 
 you 're still alive , living here with friends and other vampires . '' 
 `` stop belittling me , benji . 
 every time i see you , you put me down , i do n't need to take this from you anymore . '' 
 hunter stopped and looked at benji . 
 benji could tell that hunter had taken this too far . 
 there was nothing either of them could do at this point . 
 the damage was done , and now they had to work together to recover from this . 
 `` benji , we need to figure out a way to fix this . 
 you ca n't do it on your own -- you are not thinking clearly . '' 
 `` yeah , spoken from a guy who does nothing but paint , '' benji said with a smirk . 
 `` fine , if you do n't want my help , then deal with this one on your own . 
 i am the only person who can help you get out of this . 
 if you tell anyone else , they will have you terminated . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , hunter , '' benji said , regretfully , `` let 's figure something out . '' 
 the bells rang and benji jumped . 
 he turned and saw a pale-skinned girl with dark black hair enter the coffee shop . 
 benji could smell her . 
 she reeked of the after-scent of blood and immediately he knew she was one of them . 
 `` stop speaking , '' hunter said to benji as he looked at the girl and squinted his eyes . 
 `` why ? '' 
 benji asked . 
 `` change the subject , anything , say anything . '' 
 `` i got a new bike , you wan na see it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' hunter said , as he jumped up from his chair and out the front door . 
 benji did n't know what was going on but he got up out of his chair and followed hunter out of the coffee shop . 
 as benji left he could have sworn he saw the girl make a gesture at him . 
 he did n't know what she meant by it , though , and figured he better get out fast . 
 he 'd never seen hunter act like this and he figured it was for a good reason . 
 when benji got outside , he felt the weather changing . 
 the sky grew dark and the trees were howling in the wind . 
 benji could n't understand what was going on . 
 benji looked for hunter , but he was nowhere to be found . 
 benji then went out to the parking lot and saw hunter , sitting on his bike waiting for him to arrive . 
 `` benji , do you know who that was ? '' 
 `` what 's going on , hunt ? 
 this is weird . '' 
 `` her powers , she can hear anything and everything . 
 i should have warned you but i did n't think she was on campus . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 asked benji . 
 `` violet - the girl who came into the coffee shop , long black hair , remember her ? '' 
 of course benji remembered her , he knew something was up with her , but he could n't pinpoint it . 
 benji could n't stop thinking about the gesture she gave him . 
 `` you 'd better get out of here , '' hunter said . 
 `` she 's bad news . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll go . 
 i just wanted to tell you what happened . '' 
 `` you will be shamed , '' hunter said as he put his hands on his head . 
 `` i 'm going back to our ancestral home , to get away from things for a while , '' benji said as he took his motorcycle helmet out . 
 `` please stay away from here . 
 if i need you , i know where to find you , '' hunter said . 
 `` it 's not safe here now . '' 
 the two brothers stared long and hard at each other , then suddenly , quickly , hunter turned and fled , hurrying down the path . 
 as benji watched him go , he felt a sense of sadness that his brother was n't more understanding , did n't take his side . 
 it made him wonder why he 'd come all the way up here to begin with . 
 he remembered a different hunter , one from centuries ago , who used to always listen carefully and advise him on the best solution . 
 now , benji felt more alone than ever . 
 as benji drove out of the long windy driveway of mount pines , the sky opened up , and it began to pour . 
 he drove faster and faster , and did n't ever want to stop . 
 chapter seven as hunter walked back from the parking lot , he knew he had to do something , and quickly , to fix the problem his brother , benji , had created . 
 now , his coven was in danger . 
 hunter felt a cold tap on his shoulder and he quickly turned around . 
 `` what 's that i hear ? '' 
 violet said , in a shrill tone . 
 `` nothing , '' hunter snapped back . 
 `` i heard what your brother told you , '' violet continued . 
 `` now what are you going to do ? '' 
 `` you did n't hear anything , '' hunter said . 
 `` i heard every word . 
 it rang through the walls of my dorm , and i came right over . 
 do n't question my abilities , hunter . 
 that will never serve you well . '' 
 hunter was scared . 
 he did n't know how to get out of this one . 
 violet was the most evil vampire he had ever met . 
 she was part of a different coven , called the greslin coven . 
 she was so nasty - one day she would be your friend and the next , she would completely turn on you . 
 hunter had seen this go on for years now , so he would typically stay out of her way , but now , he knew she was on to him . 
 `` listen , violet , what you heard was nothing . 
 benji did n't mean it . '' 
 `` you can stick up for him all you want , but you ca n't convince me that what i heard was untrue . '' 
 hunter knew that violet always had a thing for him . 
 she had liked him for years , but hunter never acknowledged it . 
 he barely spoke to her because he 'd seen how she treated other guys she 'd dated . 
 he did n't want to get mixed up in her evil ways . 
 `` i 'm late for class , i got ta run , '' hunter said , as he began walking away from violet . 
 `` we 're not done talking , hunter . 
 meet me after class , i 'll be waiting for you in my room , '' violet said as she batted her eyes . 
 `` fine , '' hunter said . 
 `` i 'll meet you there . '' 
 he knew he had to get to the bottom of this with her . 
 if he did n't , he knew she was capable of doing horrible things to him , benji and their entire coven . 
 hunter walked away with a sharp pain in his chest . 
 he could n't believe what had just happened . 
 if things were bad for their coven before , now they were even worse . 
 he did n't know how he would get out of this situation , but he knew he only had one class period to think about it . 
 hunter had been looking forward to today 's class topic since the syllabus had been distributed over the summer . 
 he loved painting night scenes and he loved using dark colors to express himself . 
 hunter thrived off of making and creating art , and he must have made over one million paintings . 
 many hung at the family castle , but he kept some of his favorites for his dorm room at mount pines . 
 his favorite scene of a wolf with blood coming out of his mouth was front and center on his wall . 
 one could describe his art as eerie and violent , but to hunter , it was beautiful . 
 as hunter walked into class , the teacher greeted him and said , `` hunter , the day has come - are you ready to learn about the realm of darkness ? '' 
 the teacher laughed as hunter took his seat . 
 `` ca n't wait , '' hunter said back , trying to sound excited . 
 hunter 's talk with violet and benji had completely ruined his mood . 
 he no longer felt happy to be in the studio , or eager for the lesson on darkness to begin . 
 all hunter could think about was violet . 
 he only had one hour to strategize how he was going to get through the night . 
 as he sat there , with his hand to his head , thinking , his mind drew a blank . 
 he could n't come up with a solution to this problem . 
 he wished benji had never come up to see him today , and he especially wished that violet had n't heard what he said . 
 he wished she did n't have the power of supersonic hearing . 
 hunter sat there listening to the teacher explain how to create the illusion of darkness . 
 he decided to forget about this whole thing and start painting . 
 after all , painting was his therapy . 
 he could deal with any problem when he painted . 
 he pulled out his paintbrush , dipped it into a midnight black shade of paint and touched his brush to the canvas . 
 as he sat there painting the night sky , he became inspired . 
 hunter knew exactly what he could do to keep violet in his good graces . 
 chapter eight hunter 's brush was flying across the canvas as he created his masterpiece of darkness . 
 the teacher walked by in astonishment at his work . 
 he could n't believe how fast hunter had painted this piece and how much of the lesson he had absorbed and used in his work . 
 hunter looked at the big black and white clock that hung on the wall above the door . 
 it said 3:30 pm , which meant he only had fifteen more minutes until class was over and until he would meet back up with violet . 
 he sat there watching his artwork dry as thoughts of his conversation with benji flashed through his mind . 
 he was trying to recall exactly what benji told him so he would know how to face violet . 
 he hoped she had n't heard everything but feared she had . 
 the bell rang . 
 hunter packed up his bag and walked out the door on his way to violet 's dorm room . 
 he knew his plan would work , which made him less worried about the outcome of their meeting . 
 hunter got to the top of the fourth floor of her dorm and walked down the hall . 
 as he walked , girls on either side stopped what they were doing and stared at him . 
 humans . 
 he 'd seen this reaction in them before . 
 there was something about him that attracted them to him like a magnet . 
 they all openly stared , and would n't look away . 
 but he was n't interested in any of them . 
 hunter stood there , in front of violet 's door , waiting for her to open it . 
 he heard her footsteps coming close to the door as she swung the door open . 
 she stood there alone in the doorway , motioning for him to come in with her pointer . 
 `` hey violet , '' hunter said in a kind voice . 
 `` hunter , glad you came back . 
 that was smart of you , '' violet said in a creepy tone . 
 `` listen , let 's get to the bottom of this . '' 
 `` oh , do n't you worry . 
 we will get to the bottom of this . 
 benji should never have disobeyed the ancient code and he will pay for it . '' 
 `` what do you mean he will pay for it ? '' 
 `` that rachel girl he likes so much -- we will have to bring her down . 
 we ca n't have anyone knowing our secret . 
 it 's too risky . '' 
 `` take her down ? '' 
 `` yeah , take her down ... terminate her . 
 what do n't you get about that , hunter ? '' 
 `` you ca n't do that . 
 you have to promise me you wo n't kill her . '' 
 `` and why ca n't i ? '' 
 violet said . 
 hunter thought for a moment and then said , `` you ca n't kill her . 
 if you kill her , benji will kill himself . '' 
 `` he will not , he 'll be fine , '' violet said . 
 hunter knew the powers that violet had , and he knew she was backed by the greslins , an evil pack of vampires that lived at mount pines . 
 he knew if he were on her bad side she would make his life a living hell . 
 `` listen , violet , there 's no need to go terminating anyone . 
 benji made a mistake -- but that does n't mean you have to go killing this poor human . 
 she did n't do anything wrong . '' 
 `` she heard the secret , that 's what she did wrong . 
 how do you think she is supposed to live knowing our ancient code ? 
 if she keeps it bottled up inside , one day she will surely have to tell someone . '' 
 hunter knew the only thing he could do was make a pass at her . 
 he knew that all violet wanted in this world was to be loved by hunter . 
 she had tried to be with him many times before , but hunter had rejected her . 
 he figured that if it would keep her quiet , he would at least pretend he liked her . 
 `` have i ever told you how beautiful your eyes are ? '' 
 hunter said , changing the subject and gazing into violet 's eyes . 
 hunter watched as violet 's demeanor shifted . 
 she became soft and let herself smile . 
 `` my eyes ? '' 
 violet said . 
 `` yeah , you are beautiful , '' hunter said , trying to keep a straight face . 
 hunter walked close to her and grabbed her hand . 
 he could feel violet 's body begin to relax . 
 she grabbed his hand and pulled him down onto the couch . 
 hunter looked at violet , and before he knew it , the two had locked lips and were making out . 
 he felt her tongue in his mouth and her cold hands going up his shirt . 
 he did n't want to think about what was happening . 
 hunter would have never predicted that his day would end up like this when he woke up this morning . 
 all of a sudden , violet sat up and buttoned her shirt and motioned for hunter to hide . 
 `` hurry , they 're coming , '' violet said . 
 `` who ? 
 who 's coming ? '' 
 hunter said , trying to pull himself together . 
 `` the greslins . 
 i hear them approaching the dorm . 
 we have a meeting tonight and they will be here any minute . 
 you have to leave . 
 i ca n't let them see you here . '' 
 hunter felt a sense of relief knowing that she was kicking him out of her room . 
 he did n't want their kissing to go any further . 
 `` come back tomorrow , '' violet said . 
 `` i 'll forget what i heard today if you come back to me . '' 
 hunter heard the desperation in her voice , and knew he had gotten himself into deep , deep trouble . 
 chapter nine rachel sat quietly in the back of her family 's station wagon on her way to school . 
 she was thankful it was friday , because she needed this week to end . 
 rachel 's mind jumped from thinking about her punishment , to trying to come up with a way to go out with her friends , to thoughts of benji . 
 sarah was sitting in the back seat with her , and her younger brother mark was sitting shotgun . 
 rachel saw her sister take out her notebook and begin to write something . 
 a moment later , sarah tapped rachel on the leg and handed her a piece of paper . 
 rachel looked at sarah and then down at the paper and began to read . 
 so , i tried talking to m and d late last night . 
 they were still pretty pissed but i think they 're going to soften . 
 i told them that their punishment did n't fit the crime and that you really did n't do anything wrong . 
 you were just at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 eventually they started to see things my way . 
 so i do n't know what that means for you in terms of your punishment , but you should talk to them again . 
 they might lessen it . 
 hope that helps ! 
 luv ya sis . 
 xoxo rachel folded the note up and looked over at sarah . 
 she did n't want to be too obvious since her mom was only inches away in the front seat driving the car . 
 rachel gave sarah a thumbs-up and mouthed `` thank you '' with a huge smile . 
 as the car pulled up to the front of the school , rachel waited for both of her siblings to get out before she opened the door . 
 she knew she had a better chance of talking to her mom if she were alone in the car . 
 `` mom , i know i 'm punished , but i need to stay after school today . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 rachel 's mom asked as she turned around to look at rachel . 
 rachel knew her mom would ask why , so she had something up her sleeve . 
 she felt a little bad about what she was about to say , but knew it was the only way to get out of her unjust punishment . 
 `` because , there 's extra help in math and i could use it . '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` math ? '' 
 rachel 's mom paused . 
 `` but you 're great in math , why would you need extra help ? '' 
 `` actually they 've begun algebra and it 's pretty hard , mom . '' 
 rachel 's mom paused and looked at her . 
 rachel could n't tell what her mom was thinking or what she would say to this request . 
 `` well , ok , you can stay . '' 
 `` ok , i 'll be home later then , thanks , ma . '' 
 rachel got out of the car and shut the door . 
 she was psyched . 
 she could n't believe her mom had bought her math extra help lie . 
 as rachel got to the front of the school , she could n't believe her eyes . 
 there was a long line of kids entering the building , and it seemed to be taking forever to get inside . 
 as rachel approached the front doors , she saw security guards , policemen and german shepherd dogs lining the entrance . 
 students had to walk through a metal detector on their way inside . 
 rachel could n't help but feel like she was at jfk airport about to board an international flight . 
 `` take out all metal items , watches , wallets , coin purses , jewelry , keys . 
 let 's go people . 
 keep the line moving , '' a rather large security guard was screaming . 
 rachel 's heart began to thump as she approached the metal detector . 
 she could n't understand what all this was about . 
 she hoped it was not because of her or because of benji . 
 rachel took out her cell phone , keys and wallet , put them in a little dish , and placed them on the conveyor belt . 
 she was nervous . 
 she instantly felt like she had something to hide , but luckily they were n't scanning the secret she held in her brain . 
 as she made her way through the metal detector , she made eye contact with the police chief that had questioned her yesterday . 
 he motioned for her to come over . 
 `` rachel , do you have a minute ? '' 
 the police chief asked . 
 `` well , i do have to get to class , '' rachel said , looking down at her watch . 
 `` this will only take a minute , '' the police chief said , as he pulled out his notebook and motioned for rachel to step inside the main office . 
 `` i know we were going to meet today , but we think we are on to him , and have a clue . 
 we have checked everyone 's cell phone records , and we have noted that you have not been in contact with benji since the fight . 
 you are off the hook for now . '' 
 rachel looked at him in astonishment . 
 she hoped benji would be all right . 
 `` what do you mean , a clue ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` that 's not for you to worry about . 
 we will get to the bottom of this . 
 if you do n't have anything else to say , you are free to go about your day , rachel , '' the police chief said . '' '' 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` we might , but again , that 's not for you to worry about . 
 have a nice day , '' the police chief said as he walked by rachel and back out to the security station . 
 rachel stood in the main office for a minute , dazed by the discussion she had just had . 
 she began to worry about benji and she felt like she should warn him . 
 rachel took out her phone and scrolled down to his name and then she stopped . 
 she flipped the phone closed , and left the main office . 
 she knew texting or calling him would make the situation worse for both of them . 
 she could n't believe the police had tracked down her and benji 's cell phone records . 
 she wondered if she borrowed someone else 's phone and called him , if that would work . 
 she decided not to because it would n't be fair to the person she borrowed the phone from . 
 in a way she felt like that would be framing them . 
 she wanted this whole thing to disappear -- not become the biggest case ahs has ever seen . 
 as she walked down the halls , she noticed everyone was quieter than usual . 
 she could smell the fear in the air . 
 as she walked past a group of seniors , they all stared at her . 
 one said , `` that 's her , that 's the girl . '' 
 rachel was mortified . 
 why did she have to be the talk of the school ? 
 she was only a week old and now she was notorious at ahs . 
 she wondered if she would ever live this down . 
 she moved quickly through the quiet hallways , which were full of whispering kids , and into mr. allen 's classroom . 
 inside she saw emily , which actually gave her a sense of calm . 
 she was thankful to have emily and the girls as friends , especially now . 
 she needed friends now , more than ever , to have her back . 
 `` hey , rach ! '' 
 emily said . 
 `` it 's crazy out there today . 
 what 's this all about ? '' 
 rachel looked at her , and shrugged her shoulders , `` dunno , it 's strange . '' 
 `` yeah , last time this happened , my older brother was a freshman and someone came into the school with a knife and started threatening his teacher who gave him a bad grade . '' 
 `` what ? 
 that 's insane ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` yeah , that 's what he said , too . 
 it only lasted a few days though , and the kid was expelled . '' 
 rachel wondered if the only way for this to stop would be if she got expelled . 
 she hoped not - and then realized she did n't do anything wrong . 
 she kept having to tell herself that it was n't her fault , that she had n't committed a crime . 
 all this interrogation and security kept making her feel like a criminal , and a liar . 
 `` so , anyway , you 're coming later right ? '' 
 emily said with a smile . 
 `` oh yeah , ca n't wait ! '' 
 rachel replied . 
 `` how far is the mall anyway ? '' 
 `` not too far , about a ten minute drive . '' 
 `` who 's driving ? '' 
 rachel asked nervously . 
 hoping she would have a better experience than the one she had on her way into nyc last week . 
 `` taryn ! '' 
 answered emily . 
 rachel swallowed and then gave emily a smile . 
 `` now class , '' began mr. allen . 
 `` today is quite a strange and different day for ahs . 
 there have been a lot of issues going on lately , and the police and dr. mcnery are trying to get to the bottom of them . 
 it has been a great nuisance and interruption to our class . '' 
 he pointed around the classroom to all the empty seats . 
 `` half of the class is still not here , and many of you have been pulled for questioning . 
 i will not continue my lesson on dr. king until monday . 
 please take out your textbooks , and begin reading chapter 11 . 
 we will resume class as usual on monday , and do n't forget to study for the quiz next wednesday . '' 
 mr. allen stopped speaking and sat down at his desk . 
 the kids that were in class shuffled through their bags and pulled out their heavy u.s. history textbooks , and the sound of books hitting the desk echoed throughout the room . 
 rachel rummaged through her backpack , but her textbook was nowhere to be found . 
 she knew she could get in trouble for not bringing it to class . 
 it was a requirement to bring all textbooks to class daily , in every subject . 
 she thought for a moment about where she could have left her book , and realized that she left it on the kitchen table as she ran out the door this morning . 
 she raised her hand and waited for mr. allen to see her . 
 `` yes , rachel . '' 
 `` i um , forgot my textbook at home . '' 
 `` come up here . '' 
 rachel slowly got out of her chair and walked up to the front of the classroom . 
 she could feel everyone staring at her . 
 `` rachel , i 've noticed that you have n't really be focused in class , and now you 're forgetting your textbook . 
 can you tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 mr. allen said in an authoritative voice . 
 rachel looked at him , and then down at the floor . 
 she was nervous to answer . 
 after all , that was a loaded question , and she 'd have to talk for hours to answer it . 
 `` i was running late this morning . 
 things have been hectic for me , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i do n't want to have to make a phone call home , rachel , but you need to prove to me that you are focused and present in class . 
 all you reports from your old school are positive , but i 've yet to see that girl come into my classroom . 
 it 's as if your old teachers are writing about a different person . 
 now , i know you have it in you , just let me see it . '' 
 rachel felt awful . 
 mr. allen was right ; she used to be an a + student with nothing bad on her record -- now she was a flighty , daydreaming student with a possible criminal record . 
 rachel did n't recognize the person she was becoming either . 
 she hated being reprimanded by her teacher , and she vowed to herself that this would be the last time it happened . 
 `` you 're right , mr. allen . 
 things have been hard since the move , '' rachel whispered to him , so the other kids could n't hear . 
 `` i 'm trying to get my bearings and with this whole fight thing , it 's hard to focus . 
 i will try harder , i promise . '' 
 `` ok , rachel , i believe you . 
 thank you for being honest with me . 
 i will lend you my book today . 
 it 's the teacher 's edition , so it looks a little different than yours , but it 's all there . 
 chapter 11 starts on page 232 , '' mr. allen said as he handed her the book . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 mr. allen gave rachel a smile and then looked back down at his notebook . 
 rachel walked back to her seat , and saw kids ' faces looking up from their textbooks . 
 she sat down and opened to page 232 and began to read . 
 when the bell rang , the loud sound of textbooks slamming shut and chair legs screeching filled the air . 
 rachel got up from her seat , packed up her bag and handed the borrowed book back to mr. allen . 
 `` thanks again , '' she said . 
 `` see you on monday . 
 have a nice weekend , rachel . '' 
 as rachel walked out of the classroom she heard emily 's voice calling out for her . 
 `` rach ! 
 wait up ! '' 
 rachel turned around and saw emily walking towards her . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` nothing , just wanted to walk with you to your next class . 
 these halls can be brutal ! '' 
 `` thanks , but i 'll be fine . 
 you 're going the opposite direction anyway . '' 
 `` ok , well i 'll see you at lunch then . '' 
 `` see ya ! '' 
 rachel walked down the hall carrying her heavy backpack . 
 she continued to hear the whispers , and feel the stares of kids as she passed by them in the hallways . 
 when she turned the corner she saw the football team in their red , white and blue uniforms crowding around one another . 
 rachel continued walking , hoping that they would n't see her . 
 as she made her way closer she saw the number 80 and got nervous . 
 she had been wondering what she would say to rob when she saw him , but she never thought she 'd run into him today , in the hallway . 
 rob was supposed to be in her homeroom class , but had n't been there since the fight . 
 she figured he stayed home to heal from his bruises , but here he was , in the flesh . 
 rachel put her head down as she approached the football players . 
 she did n't want to get in the middle of anything or start something new . 
 she was saying silent prayers , as she passed rob , that he would n't recognize her-but just as she got close to them she heard a loud voice say , `` that 's her ! 
 i would remember that face anywhere . '' 
 all the guys turned and looked directly at her . 
 so much for her prayers ; now the entire football team was staring her down . 
 she did n't know how this situation could get any worse . 
 `` hey , new girl , '' one guy shouted . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 rachel did n't answer and kept on walking . 
 `` cat got your tongue ? '' 
 another guy shouted . 
 `` look what you did . '' 
 another guy yelled out . 
 at that moment she felt a tap on her shoulder , which made her jump . 
 `` hi rachel , '' a familiar voice said . 
 rachel turned around to see who it was , and to her surprise , it was rob , walking alone next to her . 
 `` rob . 
 hi . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 've been better , but i 'll be playing in tomorrow 's game , thank god . '' 
 rachel and rob began to walk down the hall together silently . 
 awkwardly . 
 rachel could n't help but notice the big , fat elephant in the room . 
 she had to break the silence . 
 `` that 's great , '' rachel said with a smile . 
 `` listen , i 'm sorry about what happened the other night . 
 if that 's any consolation . '' 
 `` yeah , where 's you boyfriend anyway ? '' 
 rob asked in a snide voice . 
 `` he 's not my boyfriend ! '' 
 rachel said firmly . 
 `` what do you mean he 's not your boyfriend ? '' 
 rob looked surprised . 
 `` is n't that how this whole thing started ? '' 
 `` i mean , he 's not my boyfriend , ok . '' 
 rachel answered . 
 `` i have n't spoken to him since that night . '' 
 rachel looked at rob as she saw his face light up . 
 `` so , you do n't have a boyfriend ? '' 
 `` nope , '' rachel answered , leaving it at that . 
 `` oh , '' replied rob , looking hopeful . 
 rachel could n't understand where this conversation was going . 
 was he seriously hitting on her after what had happened the other night ? 
 she could n't help but feel that he still felt something for her . 
 she never thought this would happen , so did n't give their relationship any more thought after the fight - but now , it seemed , he was back in the picture . 
 she searched within herself to figure out how she felt about rob now . 
 she did still like him , but did n't know why , after everything that happened between them . 
 `` so , you coming out tonight ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 `` i think so , '' rachel answered . 
 `` going to the movies with the girls . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 rob said . 
 `` us , too . '' 
 `` us who ? '' 
 `` the guys , '' rob laughed . 
 `` the team ! '' 
 just then the bell rang , and kids began dispersing from their circles of friends , and into their classrooms . 
 `` got ta go , '' rachel said . 
 `` see ya later . '' 
 `` have a good day , '' rob said . 
 the rest of the morning flew by for rachel . 
 she could n't help but think about rob in the classes that followed their conversation . 
 she replayed their conversation , over and over in her head , and was shocked each time . 
 she could n't believe that he still wanted to talk to her and that he cared enough to ask her weekend plans . 
 for the first time in the past 36 hours , rachel felt like everything would be ok . 
 she 'd worried about what it would be like to see rob again after everything that had happened , but it turned out to be totally fine , and rachel could see the light at the end of the tunnel . 
 now , all she had to do was make her parents see the light , and stop blaming her and punishing her for everything under the sun . 
 rachel looked down at her watch : it was nearing lunchtime . 
 she could feel her stomach pang with hunger , and hear its growls . 
 she had n't had much of an appetite since wednesday night , and it was finally catching up to her . 
 she 'd never felt so hungry in her entire life . 
 she could n't wait for the bell to ring so she could meet up with her friends in the cafeteria . 
 chapter ten as rachel entered the cafeteria , her friends were nowhere to be seen . 
 she looked around and then looked down the hall , but it was empty . 
 she felt like she was going to die she was so hungry . 
 she entered the cafeteria and sat down at her usual table . 
 she opened up her brown paper bag and pulled out her pbandj and arizona iced tea . 
 she could n't wait to sink her teeth into her sandwich . 
 she looked around the cafeteria as she sat there eating her lunch alone . 
 she had n't really spent time looking at all the tables since the first day of school , but now that she was alone again , she could n't help but watch people . 
 she saw the jock table , the cheerleader table , and the nerd table . 
 everyone was eating and talking . 
 she hoped that the subject of everyone 's conversation had shifted from the fight to other things . 
 just then , rachel felt her table move . 
 she felt a jolt , as someone sat down next to her . 
 she looked to her left and was shocked . 
 it was arielle - looking as mean and mad as ever . 
 `` well look what we have here , '' arielle 's voice rang out . 
 `` it looks like the criminal herself is all alone in the cafeteria . '' 
 arielle paused . 
 `` what happened ? 
 you do n't have friends anymore ? '' 
 she cackled . 
 `` leave me alone , '' rachel said . 
 `` keep dreaming darling . 
 i 'm on your case now . 
 first you stole the guy i liked and now this . 
 you really do n't know when to stop do you ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 i did n't do anything . '' 
 `` yeah right - if by nothing you mean taking out the top players of the ahs football team . '' 
 `` it was n't my fault , arielle . 
 now go away . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i own this school - which you would n't know because you 're the new girl . 
 but you better learn , because anyone who does n't know , messes with the wrong person . 
 i may look nice , but deep down , i can make your life a living hell . '' 
 rachel stared at her in shock . 
 she did n't know what to say . 
 the two sat there in silence staring at each other for a minute and then arielle spoke . 
 `` you better watch your back . 
 if you so much as look the wrong way , you 're dead . '' 
 arielle slowly got up from the table and dumped rachel 's arizona iced tea all over her sandwich . 
 `` have a good day ! '' 
 arielle sneered . 
 arielle glared at rachel as she walked away from the table and mouthed , `` watch it , '' as she put her two fingers to her eyes and pointed back at rachel . 
 rachel sat there , stunned and scared . 
 where were her friends when she needed them ? 
 she could n't believe what had just happened . 
 she took out her cell phone and began to text emily . 
 it was totally unlike all of her friends to not show up for lunch . 
 this had never happened before . 
 emily : where are you guys ? 
 come quick . 
 i need to tell you what just happened . 
 rachel stared down at her phone , waiting for emily to reply . 
 but she did n't . 
 she could n't sit alone in the cafeteria any longer with her drenched pbandj sitting in front of her . 
 she felt like a schoolboy who had been hazed ; now all that needed to happen was for her to get her head flushed in the toilet . 
 that would top this day off perfectly , she though humorously to herself . 
 as she walked out of the cafeteria , she did n't know where to go . 
 she walked down the silent hallways towards the gym . 
 she remembered the first day of school , when she walked around the school aimlessly to avoid the cafeteria scene . 
 rachel heard noises coming down the hall . 
 she turned to see what it was , and she saw emily , liv and taryn walking and whispering to each other . 
 rachel turned around and began walking towards them . 
 `` hey guys ! '' 
 she shouted down the hall . 
 `` ah ! 
 rach , omg , you will never guess what happened , '' emily said . 
 `` where were you guys ? 
 nobody was at lunch today , '' rachel said . 
 `` yeah , duh . 
 we were all in dr. mcnery 's office all morning . 
 he kept all of us for questioning . 
 it was terrible . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 all of you ? 
 where 's jen and kate ? '' 
 rachel saw emily look at the other girls with questioning eyes and then back at rachel . 
 `` well , we 're not sure what 's going on with them , but they were sitting in the vice principals office when we left just now . 
 they did n't see us though . 
 i hope they 're not in trouble . '' 
 `` oh gosh , '' rachel said , sounding frightened . 
 `` i wonder what happened . '' 
 `` i completely agree with you , '' liv said , giving her a high five . 
 `` do n't they have better things to do than to harp over some dumb fight ? '' 
 `` i ca n't wait for this week to be over ! '' 
 rachel exclaimed . 
 `` we need the weekend to come . 
 all of us ! '' 
 `` cheers to that ! '' 
 taryn said , holding up her hand as if she were holding a glass . 
 ring ring ring the bell rang , and kids began to flood into the hallways . 
 rachel was thankful that she had survived lunch , especially with her run in with arielle . 
 now , she just had to make it through the next two and a half hours and then she 'd be home free - at least for the weekend . 
 * rachel could n't wait to get out of school when she heard the sound of the last bell ring . 
 she gathered her bag and ran out the doors of the school and waited for her friends . 
 a moment later , taryn pulled up in her bmw and honk the horn . 
 as rachel walked over to the car , she heard someone calling her name from behind her . 
 `` hey rachel ! 
 where are you going ? '' 
 rachel turned around to see sarah calling after her as she got into taryn 's car . 
 `` oh , hey ! 
 is mom here ? '' 
 rachel quickly asked sarah . 
 `` do n't think so , '' sarah replied , looking around the parking lot . 
 `` phew , i 'm supposed to be at math extra help . 
 please cover for me if she asks . '' 
 `` haha ! '' 
 sarah laughed . 
 `` you 're growing up ! '' 
 `` i told her i needed to say after , but i 'm going to the mall for a bit , please do n't tell . '' 
 `` do n't worry , your secret 's safe with me , sis ! 
 call me if you run into any trouble . '' 
 rachel was so happy with their new relationship . 
 she could n't believe how over the course of the past week their relationship had completely shifted . 
 she felt like they were really becoming close friends , instead of enemies . 
 `` hey taryn ! '' 
 rachel said , as she hopped into the back seat . 
 she did n't want to sit up front , just in case she saw her mom driving around . 
 a moment later all the girls hopped into the car . 
 the back seat was full and rachel was squished in between jen , liv and kate . 
 she knew it was illegal to ride four in the back , but there was nothing she could do about it now . 
 the car began to accelerate , and the six girls were off to the westchester mall . 
 the car speed down route 22 and onto i-684 with z100 blaring over the radio . 
 rachel could n't help but remember their infamous trip into nyc the previous weekend . 
 this was a de ja vous moment for her . 
 rachel looked at the orange-lit clock on the dashboard , which read 2:43 pm , and she knew she only had about two hours until she would have to be picked up from school . 
 she knew she would have to remember to keep an eye on her watch . 
 `` what happened to you two today ? '' 
 rachel asked , turning to jess and kate . 
 `` ugh , it was awful , '' kate , answered . 
 `` they kept us in the office all afternoon . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 asked rachel . 
 taryn turned down the music so she could hear what they were saying . 
 `` they thought we had information on the whereabouts of this benji guy , '' jen said . 
 `` it was totally crazy . 
 like , why would i ever call benji ? 
 i do n't even know him or have his number , '' jen said . 
 `` i think the police have gone mad . '' 
 `` they accused you of calling him ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` well , not exactly , '' answered jen . 
 `` but it was weird how they asked us if we 've been in touch with him and said they 've checked our phone records . '' 
 `` they did the same thing to me , '' rachel said . 
 `` luckily , i had n't talked to him since the night of the fight . '' 
 rachel thought about what she had just said , and got sad for a moment . 
 she really missed benji and so desperately wanted to speak to him . 
 she was still a little skeptical and creped out that he called himself a vampire - but she wanted to at least talk to him , warn him about what was going on at school . 
 she wondered if he had any idea of the repercussions he had caused . 
 rachel looked out of the window and saw a huge cement and stone building with a w and an m intertwined . 
 she figured that stood for westchester mall . 
 taryn turned up the music as they entered the parking garage and pulled into a spot next to another bmw and a mercedes . 
 this was rachel 's first time at the famous westchester mall . 
 her friends had been telling her about this mall since they 'd met . 
 rachel was pumped she was finally here to experience the mall for herself . 
 as the six girls entered the big white and gold doors that led them into the mall , rachel could smell the potpourri smell that infused the air . 
 they got onto the escalator and rachel looked up . 
 it was the most beautiful mall she 'd ever seen . 
 it was four stories of sheer bliss . 
 she looked up at all the different floors and then up at the ceiling , full of skylight windows . 
 the ground floor of the mall had marble tiling and each floor above it was beautifully carpeted . 
 she could n't help but feel like annie , the first time she entered mr. warbucks ' house . 
 she stood there in awe of this place . 
 it was the biggest and grandest building she 'd ever been in . 
 she did n't know where to go first . 
 the girls walked over to the directory and started spitting out names of stores they wanted to hit . 
 `` abercrombie , sephora , louis vuitton , neiman marcus , nordstrom 's , anthropology , delia 's , jcrew . '' 
 the list went on and on , and rachel 's mind was spinning . 
 where was she ? 
 she had n't heard of most of these stores , but she figured she 'd go along for the ride . 
 she was n't really in the market for anything new - not to mention her weekly allowance of $ 25 dollars probably would n't get her far in this place . 
 rachel looked at her watch : it was 3:03 pm and she had about an hour and a half until her mom would begin to wonder where she was . 
 the girls began to walk around the first floor , and they entered the tiffany and co. store . 
 the walls were painted the tiffany blue color and rachel was in awe of the beautiful diamonds that filled each case . 
 she 'd never been inside a tiffany 's store before , but had heard all about them . 
 apparently , in westchester , every girl had something from tiffany 's . 
 all her friends had the heart tag charm bracelet with their initials engraved on them . 
 the girls said they got them for each other last year as a christmas/hanukkah present . 
 rachel was surprised , but then realized she was in a much different town than the one she came from in pennsylvania . 
 she could n't believe that these girls would spend $ 300 dollars on each other for a christmas gift . 
 liv walked over to the counter and called over one of the sales ladies . 
 `` can i see this ? '' 
 she pointed to a mesh ring in the case . 
 `` yes , you may , '' the sales lady said in a professional voice as she pulled the ring out of the case . 
 liv tried on the ring and looked down at the price . 
 rachel saw the tag , and could not believe it : $ 895 . 
 `` i 'm going to ask my mom for this , for my birthday ! '' 
 rachel watched as the girls `` ood '' and `` ahhd '' over the ring she put on her finger . 
 liv handed the ring back , and the lady handed liv her business card `` please give this to your parents , and have them call me when they 're ready to purchase the ring . '' 
 `` will do ! '' 
 liv said with a smile . 
 the girls walked out of the store and headed up the escalator into neiman marcus . 
 they walked over to the shoe department and began looking around at all the different pumps , sneakers and flats . 
 rachel picked up one shoe and flipped it over to see the price . 
 this particular shoe had a bright red bottom with a small sticker , which read $ 795 ! 
 rachel thought she had read it wrong . 
 seven hundred and ninety five dollars for a simple pair of black patent pumps ? 
 she looked at the label on the inside of the shoe , which read christian louboutin . 
 she 'd never heard of this brand , but knew she was better off . 
 she could never afford those shoes-or any of the shoes in that whole shoe department . 
 she picked up a few others prada , gucci , fendi , manolo blahnik , each one more expensive than the next . 
 she could n't imagine who would spend $ 2,500 on a pair of tan suede and fur trimmed boots , but apparently they sold them , so someone must want them . 
 rachel was in shock . 
 this was the opposite of any mall she 'd ever been in and she felt a little ashamed . 
 she could n't afford anything in the entire store . 
 she wished she were back in pennsylvania shopping at aeropostale , jc penney 's and wal mart . 
 at least there she did n't feel like she was being judged by the amount of money she could spend . 
 the girls walked out of neiman marcus and upstairs to the louis vuitton store . 
 `` guys , i 've been wanting the lv neverfull so badly , '' taryn said as they walked into the store . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 she instantly felt like a moron . 
 she figured she should have kept her mouth shut and just watched . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 taryn said , as she pointed to a bag high on the shelf . 
 `` can i see that ? '' 
 taryn asked the sales man . 
 `` sure you may , young lady . 
 what size ? 
 gm , mm or pm ? '' 
 `` pm , please , '' taryn responded . 
 the man pulled open a sliding drawer underneath a glass case full of wallets , belts , sunglasses and other lv accessories . 
 he unwrapped the tan dust bag and handed her the canvas-monogrammed bag . 
 `` omg ! 
 is this not the most amazing bag you 've ever seen ? '' 
 taryn said , looking at the girls . 
 `` love that bag ! '' 
 jen said with a smile . 
 `` i want the speedy 35 though . '' 
 `` i think i 'm going to get it ! '' 
 taryn said whimsically to the girls , then looked back at the salesman . 
 `` how much is it again ? '' 
 `` the pm bag sells for $ 770 , '' he replied . 
 rachel watched as taryn looked at the girls for encouragement . 
 `` get it - you 've been wanting it for a while , '' emily said . 
 `` if you love it buy it . 
 it 's a classic ! '' 
 jen said . 
 `` you 're right guys , '' taryn said . 
 `` ok , i 'll take it , '' taryn said to the salesman , as she handed him back the bag to wrap . 
 rachel could n't believe her eyes . 
 taryn was taking out her parent 's credit card to charge seven hundred and seventy dollars . 
 this was insane . 
 she thought for a moment about what would happen if she 'd spent that kind of money on her parent 's credit card . 
 she would be punished for life and cut off forever . 
 she had not been brought up to spend frivolously , and she respected that . 
 rachel was in shock that none of the girls even thought twice about the amount of that bag or the amount of money being charged on the credit card . 
 `` that will be $ 850 with tax , '' the sales man said as he reached for her card . 
 taryn looked at the girls and giggled ! 
 `` i 'm so excited ! 
 i finally have my lv ! '' 
 taryn signed for her purchase and they all left the store , excited and happy . 
 rachel spotted the gap and said , `` hey guys , can we pop into the gap for a minute ? '' 
 the girls looked at rachel , `` the gap ? '' 
 rachel instantly felt ashamed . 
 was the gap not cool in westchester ? 
 `` i do n't want to go into the gap , but i 'll be next door in victoria secret , '' emily said . 
 `` ok , '' rachel said with a smile . 
 `` i 'll just meet you guys there then . '' 
 as rachel entered the gap , she suddenly felt a sense of calm rush over her body . 
 she quickly reached for a sweater to check the price tag . 
 she wondered if the gap in the westchester mall had the same prices as in pennsylvania , and to her luck they were the exact same . 
 phew , she thought to herself . 
 she browsed the button-down shirts and t-shirts , but did n't find anything that jumped out to her . 
 then she spotted the cutest scarf and hat set . 
 they were red and had a woven thread of silver sparkly material intertwined in them . 
 they were on the sale rack for eight dollars , so she could n't let this deal pass . 
 she picked up the hat and scarf , tried them on and walked over to the mirror to see how she looked . 
 perfect ! 
 she thought . 
 she got on line to buy the hat and scarf , and was surprised to see how busy the gap was . 
 the line to pay was rather long and she 'd been standing there five minutes already . 
 she looked up ahead of her to see why the line was taking so long . 
 then , all of a sudden she heard a familiar voice . 
 `` i thought this was on sale ? '' 
 rachel heard the woman say . 
 `` no , this item is not on sale ma'am . 
 i told you already , if you want this blouse , it is full price . '' 
 `` but look , it says sale , '' the woman answered . 
 rachel could n't believe her eyes . 
 was her mother really in front of her , arguing with the cashier at the gap ? 
 what were the chances ? 
 how unlucky could she possibly be ? 
 rachel did n't know whether to hide , or run from the store . 
 for a moment , she just stood there , frozen in fear , hoping her mom would leave . 
 but she did n't . 
 her mom stood there , arguing for what felt like another hour . 
 rachel was panicked and did n't know what to do . 
 she finally decided to hide . 
 she dropped her hat , and ran to the back of the store . 
 as she did , all of a sudden she heard her mom 's voice coming closer and closer to the back of the store , in search of the manager . 
 rachel was stuck . 
 there was nowhere for her to go except to hide . 
 she jumped behind a rack of hanging men 's sweaters and sat there , peeking out of the clothes . 
 `` excuse me , this shirt is supposed to be on sale . 
 i took it off the sale rack , and the cashier wo n't give me the sale price . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for the confusion ma'am , we will get this all sorted out . '' 
 rachel held her breath , trying not to move . 
 finally , after what seemed like an eternity , she watched her mom pay and exit the store . 
 rachel exhaled , relieved . 
 that was way too close of a call . 
 now she had to figure out her exit plan : she was still worried that her mom could catch her in the mall . 
 this reminded her that it was almost time to leave . 
 she pressed the indiglo button on her watch and it lit up 4:05 pm . 
 if she did n't leave soon , she was going to be late . 
 as she sat there behind all the sweaters , her cell phone began to ring . 
 she quickly pulled it out of her pocket to turn off the volume and looked down at the caller id . 
 mom calling she hoped her mom was n't still in the gap . 
 she could n't see or hear her , so she figured the coast was clear . 
 she climbed out from behind the sweater rack , stood up and brushed herself off . 
 she gave a quick look around the store and realized her mother had gone . 
 `` hi mom , what 's up ? '' 
 `` hi sweetie , you ready to get picked up now ? '' 
 `` um , almost , i need about twenty more minutes . '' 
 `` ok , i 'm just leaving the mall , i should be there shortly . '' 
 `` see ya soon ! '' 
 rachel was now screwed . 
 how was she ever going to beat her mom back to ahs and make it into the building before she arrived ? 
 chapter eleven rachel scurried out of the gap , and ran into victoria 's secret . 
 she grabbed taryn by the arm and said , `` hurry , i need to go - my mom 's on her way to get me from school . 
 i told her i was staying for extra help because i 'm grounded , so i need to get back there before she does . '' 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 said taryn . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm grounded . 
 i had to lie to get out of the house . 
 my mom does n't know i 'm here , '' rachel said , out of breath . 
 `` we have to go now ! '' 
 `` ok ! 
 girls , let 's go , quickly ! '' 
 taryn said . 
 `` we have to get rachel back to school . '' 
 the six girls rushed out of the mall quicker than ever and jumped into the car . 
 taryn backed out of the parking space quickly , almost hitting a white range rover parked behind her . 
 rachel sat in the back , and kept a look out for her mom 's station wagon . 
 `` why are you grounded , rach ? '' 
 asked liv . 
 `` because of the newspaper article , and the fight . 
 my parents just do n't trust me anymore . '' 
 `` wow , '' liv said . 
 `` they 're tough . '' 
 `` you have no idea ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` so does this mean you ca n't come to the movies later ? '' 
 asked jen . 
 `` i 'm going to try . 
 i need to see how the night goes . 
 if i can sneak out , i will ! '' 
 `` you 're so cool , '' said taryn , as she sped down the highway and on to route 22 . 
 as they headed off the exit , rachel spotted her mom 's station wagon cruising along . 
 `` that 's my mom , hurry ! '' 
 shouted rachel , pointing to her mom 's car . 
 `` do n't worry , i have an eight cylinder engine - , i 'll beat her before it turns into a one lane road . '' 
 rachel sat in the back seat and watched as taryn weaved in and out of cars . 
 her mom 's car was two cars ahead , and the road narrowed in approximately one mile . 
 rachel knew if they did n't make the stoplight , she would surely get caught . 
 the light turned green in the distance and rachel held her breath and closed her eyes . 
 she could n't watch anymore , she was getting too anxious . 
 she felt the car accelerate and the girls all screamed `` wahoo ! '' 
 rachel was so nervous , she began to sweat . 
 she could n't bear to think about what would happen to her if she pulled up at the same time as her mother , or right after her , for that matter . 
 she tried to devise a plan for what to do if that happened . 
 even if she did beat her mom , she would only beat her by a minute , and she would have to quickly run into the building and then walk out again so her mom would think she was just leaving . 
 `` we did it ! '' 
 taryn said as she passed rachel 's mom on the left . 
 rachel opened her eyes and looked out the rear windshield . 
 much to her surprise , taryn had managed to get five cars ahead of her mom . 
 `` omg , you 're amazing taryn , '' rachel said . 
 `` you saved my life ! '' 
 as the car pulled into the driveway of the school , taryn sped down and dropped rachel at the side entrance . 
 `` go in that way , and then come out the front , '' taryn said . 
 `` your mom will never suspect anything . '' 
 as rachel jumped out and shut the car door behind her , her friends yelled , `` hope to see you tonight rach ! 
 that was so fun ! '' 
 she did n't look back . 
 she ran quicker than she thought was physically possible in the side door of the school and through the hallways . 
 her cell phone was ringing with her mom 's name flashing on the screen . 
 she knew her mom was out front waiting . 
 rachel swung open the front door of the school , practically out of breath and walked out into the main parking lot where her mom was patiently waiting . 
 rachel took her time walking so she could catch her breath before getting in the car . 
 she did n't want to be suspicious . 
 as she walked up to her mom 's car , she could feel her mom staring at her . 
 she hoped her mom did n't suspect anything . 
 as she entered the car , her mom said , `` hi rachel , glad to see you being such a good student . '' 
 rachel could n't tell if she was being sarcastic or serious , but did n't bother to question her . 
 she sat silently in the car on the way home to avoid any conversation about her punishment , math help or anything else that her mom might bring up . 
 * when rachel walked into her house , she went right upstairs and into sarah 's room . 
 she knew she had to talk to her about tonight . 
 as she climbed upstairs to her bedroom , she could hear sarah singing selena gomez and the scene 's love you like a love song . 
 surprisingly , rachel liked that song and when she walked into her room she broke out into song with sarah . 
 the two smiled at each other and then finished the song singing loudly and dancing . 
 they both laughed hysterically when it was over , and greeted each other with a hug . 
 `` so , how was the mall ? '' 
 sarah whispered . 
 `` omg , you will never guess what happened . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` mom was at the mall . 
 i had to hide from her in the gap . 
 it was the most insane experience ever . 
 i really thought i was going to get caught , but she did n't catch me . '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` yeah , and then i beat her back to school by like a minute . '' 
 `` amazing ! '' 
 sarah said with a smile . 
 `` but i do n't know what to do now , '' rachel said . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you 're back . 
 you 're fine ! '' 
 `` no , i mean about tonight . '' 
 `` oh , '' sarah said . 
 `` what 's tonight ? '' 
 `` well , i want to go to the movies with all my friends . 
 i hear like the whole school is going to be there and i do n't want to miss it . '' 
 `` i 'm going to the movie , too ! '' 
 sarah said . 
 `` why do n't you just come with me ? '' 
 `` but how ? 
 i 'm grounded . 
 mom and dad will never let me out . '' 
 `` eh , do n't worry about them . 
 i 'll sneak you out . 
 it will be fine . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you are the best big sister in the world , '' rachel said as she gave sarah a huge hug . 
 `` i 'm leaving at 7:30 pm , so be dressed and ready by then , k ? '' 
 `` you bet ! 
 love you , sarah . '' 
 rachel skipped out of sarah 's room and back into her room . 
 the burning question of what to wear popped into her mind as she rummaged through her closet . 
 she had so wished she 'd bought that cute sparkle scarf and hat from the gap . 
 as she looked through her closet she came across a magenta pink satin betsy johnson dress that she 'd picked up at the salvation army in pennsylvania with dana . 
 it was unlike her to have designer clothes , but she 'd bought this dress used , and it had a big stain on the sleeve . 
 it only cost $ 7 , and she 'd bought it to wear for halloween one year and could n't part with it afterwards . 
 it had been hanging lifeless in her closet for the past three years , but it brought back fun memories for her , so she vowed never to throw it out . 
 seeing her pink dress made her miss her friends back at her old school . 
 she had n't spoken to them much in the past week , but knew they were still friends . 
 rachel prided herself on having the types of best friends that even if they did n't speak to each other every day , or hang out all the time , they were still very close - and when they did hang out ; it was as if no time had passed . 
 a buzzing noise coming from inside her jacket pocket interrupted rachel 's nostalgic thoughts . 
 she fumbled around until she found her phone . 
 she looked down at the screen and saw emily 's number pop up . 
 `` hey , em ! 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` just wanted to see if you were coming tonight ? '' 
 `` oh yeah , i am coming ! '' 
 `` we will pick you up at 7 , ok ? '' 
 `` well , actually , i 'm going to catch a ride with my sister 'cause she 's going to help me sneak out . 
 it will be easier that way . '' 
 `` look at you , sneaking out all the time ! '' 
 emily said laughing . 
 `` i know , it 's terrible ! 
 i feel bad , but i did n't do anything to deserve this punishment though . '' 
 `` yeah , totally . '' 
 `` so , then , i 'll meet you there . 
 i 'll text you when we pull in . '' 
 `` fab ! 
 ca n't wait . 
 should be a fun night . '' 
 `` oh and by the way , evan is bringing the vodka , should i put in an order for you ? '' 
 rachel stopped , and silence filled the line . 
 she did n't like the taste of alcohol and did n't want to sneak out of the house , and drink . 
 things were going too far , she thought to herself . 
 she really did n't like that her new friends drank all the time , but she figured that 's just what kids did in westchester . 
 `` rachel ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 `` are you there ? '' 
 `` oh , sorry ! 
 i 'm here . '' 
 rachel said , realizing she 'd gotten lost in her thoughts . 
 `` so ? 
 whaddaya say ? '' 
 emily asked again . 
 `` i 'm gon na pass , em . 
 not feeling so hot . '' 
 `` ok , if you change your mind , text me . '' 
 `` see ya later ! '' 
 as they hung up the phone , rachel continued her search for the perfect outfit for her night out at the movies . 
 as she pushed the hangers across the bar in her closet one by one , she took a mental inventory of all the clothes she had . 
 she did n't realize how many she 'd accumulated over the years . 
 many of her clothes , she realized , probably did n't fit her anymore . 
 she remembered wearing many of them in middle school . 
 then , she spotted it : her most favorite urban outfitters , black sparkle and fade boyfriend blazer with her old beat up gap corduroys . 
 now , all she needed was a cute tee to wear under the blazer . 
 she opened up her drawer and pulled out her mtv worn in t-shirt that she 'd bought on ebay . 
 now that her outfit was complete , all she had to do was execute the plan she 'd come up with to get out of the house . 
 she walked downstairs and saw both of her parents in the kitchen preparing dinner . 
 she could tell they were still very angry with her by the way they looked at her . 
 `` rachel , what are you doing down here ? '' 
 her dad asked . 
 `` oh , just wanted to see if you needed any help . '' 
 `` we 're fine , '' her mom answered . 
 `` only five more minutes until dinner . '' 
 `` ok , i 'll come back then . '' 
 `` actually , could you set the table for us , '' her mom asked . 
 `` yes , absolutely , '' rachel answered . 
 `` you 're in a good mood today , rachel , '' her dad said as he looked at her with questioning eyes . 
 `` eh , no different than usual , and actually i 'm not feeling so well tonight . '' 
 rachel set the table and then purposely started to cough loudly so her parents would hear . 
 `` are you coming down with something , darling ? '' 
 her mom asked . 
 `` i do n't know , i 'm really not feeling well . '' 
 `` you look pale , '' her mom said as she came over to put her hand on her forehead . 
 `` you feel ok , but you do n't look so good . '' 
 rachel coughed and let out a wine , `` if you do n't mind , i think i will take my dinner up to my room and go right to bed . 
 i could use a good night sleep . '' 
 `` that 's a great idea , honey , '' said her mom . 
 `` please bring your plate down in the morning . '' 
 `` i will ma , '' rachel said as she began to fill a plate full of chicken and rice . 
 `` thanks for dinner , dad . 
 it looks yummy , '' rachel said as she carried it out of the kitchen . 
 `` feel better darling and get some rest . '' 
 as rachel walked upstairs , she could hear her parents ' whispers coming from the kitchen . 
 she could n't make out what they were saying , but she heard the words `` too harsh , '' come from her mom 's mouth . 
 she wondered if they were discussing her punishment . 
 either way , she was ecstatic that she was going to the movies tonight with her friends . 
 she felt numb to the feeling of remorse and guilt , as it related to lying to her parents . 
 she did feel bad , but felt that she was being treated unfairly in this situation and thus did n't deserve the punishment handed to her . 
 if she 'd done something wrong to deserve the punishment , she would follow through with it , but since she was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time , she did n't feel that she deserved this . 
 as she got to her bedroom , she saw her sister 's door open . 
 she waited for her to exit and then gave her a thumbs up signal . 
 `` i told them i 'm sick and am going to bed , '' rachel said . 
 `` perfect , '' said sarah . 
 `` come get me when you 're ready , '' rachel whispered . 
 `` will do . 
 we 'll be leaving in about thirty minutes , '' sarah replied . 
 at that moment mark came out of his bedroom and saw the two whispering . 
 rachel and sarah stopped speaking and looked at him . 
 the three siblings stood there staring at each other for a moment and then rachel said , `` i 'm going to bed guys , i 'm sick . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 `` feel better , '' sarah said as she winked at rachel . 
 `` ditto , '' said mark as she bolted down the steps for dinner . 
 rachel went into her room , scarfed down her dinner , and began getting ready for her night out . 
 she went into her bathroom , put on her urban decay powder blue eye shadow and curled her eyelashes . 
 she then used her volum ' express maybelline mascara and batted her eyelashes . 
 she could n't believe how good she looked , especially for being `` sick '' she put on her outfit and sat on her bed waiting for sarah to let her know it 's time to go . 
 a few minutes later she heard a knock on her bedroom door . 
 rachel 's heart stopped as the doorknob opened . 
 she was hoping it was n't anyone but her sister as she sat there perfectly coiffed and ready to go . 
 `` hey ! 
 you ready ? '' 
 her sister 's voice rang through the door . 
 `` oh yeah , '' rachel answered . 
 sarah opened up her door and waved her to come out . 
 rachel turned off her bedroom lights and closed the door firmly behind her . 
 she did n't want to accidentally leave it open just in case her parents came upstairs . 
 `` ok , i 'm going to distract mom and dad in the kitchen and you go out the front door and wait on the side of the house . 
 i will come out in a few minutes when my friends pull up . '' 
 `` ok , '' rachel said as she grabbed her jacket and converse from the foyer closet . 
 `` sarah , is that you ? '' 
 her mom called out from the kitchen . 
 `` can you come in here ? '' 
 sarah dashed into the kitchen so her parents would n't come out and see the two of them standing there . 
 now that the coast was clear , rachel slowly opened the front door to the house , pulling it ever so softly so it did n't make any noises or squeaks . 
 she squeezed through a small opening and shut the door quietly behind her . 
 she ran tiptoeing down the walkway to her house and hid to the side of the house and waited . 
 rachel heard the front door slam and the sound of her sisters steve madden heels walking down the walkway . 
 at that exact moment , she also heard the revving engine of a mercedes g500 pull down their driveway . 
 rachel saw sarah motion to her , to stay where she was as sarah hopped into the car to make sure the coast was clear . 
 sarah gave her a thumbs up and she ran into the back seat of the car and slammed the door shut as she squished her way into the back seat , which already had three other ahs seniors in it . 
 `` see , i told you it 'd be easy ! '' 
 sarah said as she turned to give rachel a high-five . 
 `` that was flawless ! '' 
 rachel said back . 
 the driver of the car turned up the radio , which was already blaring in rachel 's ear . 
 the station was set to 97.1 hip-hop and randb , which rachel despised . 
 she 'd rather listen to bubblegum pop than randb any day of the week . 
 the car reversed out of the driveway and then quickly skidded forward , and off they went down the road on their way to the movies . 
 the ride was short , thankfully for rachel because she was crammed in the back right next to the excruciatingly loud , aftermarket subwoofer and speakers . 
 she thought she was going to be deaf when she got out of the car . 
 thankfully , the car arrived in one piece and everyone hopped out of the car . 
 `` i 'll see you after the movies , rach - text me if you need a ride home or anything , '' sarah said . 
 `` thanks , sis , will do ! '' 
 rachel took out her cell phone to text emily but then heard her friend 's voices coming from the parking lot . 
 `` rachel , rachel , rachel !!!! '' they were chanting as the car pulled into the spot near her . 
 `` hey guys ! 
 i 'm here ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` yeah , ca n't believe you snuck out again . 
 twice in one day ! '' 
 liv said . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i could write a book on the subject , '' rachel said back , as she let out a small laugh . 
 as she stood there and waited for all her friends to get out of the car she heard throngs of kids in the parking lot all talking , laughing and hollering . 
 she realized that tonight was the big ahs movie night and everyone who was anyone at ahs was there . 
 she walked through the double doors of the theater and got in line to buy a ticket . 
 they were all going to see a 3d movie , and luckily it was n't rated r , so she would n't have to worry about being carded by the movie bouncer . 
 as she stood on line , she heard a familiar voice behind her . 
 she turned around and saw the entire ahs football team waiting in line to buy tickets . 
 `` listen guys , let it go already , it was n't her fault , '' the voice said . 
 rachel saw rob talking to a few of the players who kept turning and looking at rachel . 
 she felt thankful that he was sticking up for her , after everything that had happened that night at the dance . 
 but he was right . 
 it was n't her fault . 
 `` hey rach , '' rob said with a smile as he moved up in line closer to her . 
 `` oh , hi rob , '' she said pretending not to have heard his conversation . 
 `` you excited for the movie ? 
 it 's supposed to be trippy , i 'm psyched , '' rob said with a smile . 
 `` yeah , trippy ? '' 
 rachel asked naively . 
 `` trippy , like you 're on drugs or somethin' , '' rob said and let out a laugh . 
 `` oh , right ! 
 duh , i knew that , '' rachel said trying not to look dumb . 
 rachel could tell that rob still liked her . 
 she could tell by the way he looked at her and by the way he acted around her that he was still into her . 
 she could n't really understand why though , given the circumstances of the previous days . 
 `` want to sit together ? '' 
 rob asked . 
 rachel did n't know what to think . 
 she had liked rob for a while , but after he stood her up , she lost all interest in him . 
 she did n't want to date a guy like that , but perhaps he had changed . 
 she wavered in her head whether or not to give him a second shot and decided , why not . 
 benji had n't reached out to her in days , and maybe she could use a rebound . 
 `` yeah , sounds good , '' rachel , said cracking a smile . 
 `` come sit with us thought . 
 i do n't want to leave my friends . '' 
 rachel turned around to her friends and whispered to them what had just happened . 
 they did n't seem to mind that rachel had offered for rob to sit with them . 
 as the group entered the theater , they took their seats in the back row . 
 they opened up their 3d glasses and started taking pictures with their cell phone cameras . 
 `` i 'm posting this to facebook ! '' 
 jen said as she began pressing buttons on her iphone . 
 `` tag me ! '' 
 said emily . 
 `` me , too , '' said taryn . 
 `` i 'm tagging everyone , do n't worry ! '' 
 jen said . 
 as the lights dimmed and the previews began , rachel could feel rob 's arm wrap around her shoulders . 
 he held a soda in his other hand , sipping it casually with a straw . 
 rachel felt a little awkward about the situation , but did n't push him off . 
 rob was acting as if nothing had happened between them , as he put his other hand on her leg . 
 the movie began and rob 's hand was slowly moving up her thigh . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 she felt that it was too much , too soon , but at the same time , she was afraid that if she pushed his hand away , things might be over between them . 
 she closed her eyes and breathed deep , wishing that benji were here to take her away from all of this . 
 chapter twelve benji sped down route 22 on his motorcycle , the cool fall breezes rushing through his hair . 
 it was getting dark out and the road was becoming desolate . 
 all he could think about was rachel . 
 he knew that he had to see her one more time before he left for his ancestral home at lyndvia castle . 
 he was worried , though , because he had n't heard from rachel since he 'd told her his secret . 
 he did n't know how she felt about him now and that scared him . 
 he wanted desperately for rachel to be with him and to share his passions with him , but all he could think about was the look on her face after he told her he was a vampire . 
 she looked at him as though she 'd never seen him before , like he was a stranger . 
 he felt a complete shift in rachel that night . 
 he felt like she went from complete and utter passion to sheer fear and hatred . 
 he did n't know what to make of it . 
 benji had n't called her since that night because he wanted to give her some time to cool off . 
 he figured she needed time to think about things and let everything settle down . 
 he was worried about how she would react to him now . 
 his biggest fear was that she 'd want nothing to do with him anymore . 
 the thought of that ate him up inside . 
 as he came to a stoplight on the outskirts of town , he pulled out his cell phone and wrote her a text . 
 he had n't texted her in days and hoped she had n't blocked his number . 
 hey , rachel . 
 i need to see you . 
 where are you ? 
 he waited for her response , but nothing came . 
 a few minutes went by and he felt a buzzing noise . 
 he slowed down his bike and opened his phone . 
 rachel : hi ! 
 i 'm at the movies with friends . 
 where are you ? 
 benji : i 'm on my way . 
 i 'll text you when i get there . 
 benji shut his phone and headed towards the movies . 
 he knew he had nothing to lose by reaching out to see the love of his life one more time before he left . 
 as he was turning left in the intersection , he heard a loud horn blaring in his ears and saw a pickup truck swerving into his lane . 
 he quickly turned his bike and floored it . 
 he missed a major collision by millimeters . 
 as he made his final turn into the movie theater , he pulled out his phone and texted rachel . 
 he could n't wait for her to come out and see him . 
 he could feel his body getting colder and colder with each minute that passed . 
 his nerves were growing as he watched and waited for rachel to come through the double doors of the theater . 
 he had visions of their reunion being like something out of a movie where rachel would run to him fast and then jump into his arms and they would live happily ever after . 
 a moment later , he did see rachel , but she was not running . 
 she was walking slowly , with a pensive look on her face . 
 benji did n't know what to make of it . 
 he waited for her to get closer , so as not to draw attention to himself by screaming her name . 
 he noticed that she looked especially beautiful tonight , which made him wonder who she was at the movies with . 
 he hoped it was n't a date . 
 he did n't even want to let his mind go there . 
 `` hi , '' benji said as she came closer . 
 he waited for her to respond , but she did n't . 
 she just looked at him as if she wanted him to explain himself . 
 `` how have you been ? 
 i missed you ? '' 
 benji said , going out on a limb . 
 he saw rachel let out a smile and then say , `` i 'm ok , it 's been a pretty crazy couple of days here since the fight . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , i should warn you the police are after you . 
 they 've been questioning everyone at school about you . 
 i think they 're on to you . 
 you better be careful . '' 
 `` i guess they would be , '' benji replied calmly . 
 `` things like this have happened before and i always manage to out \ smart them . '' 
 he let out a laugh and then checked his phone . 
 `` i only have a few minutes until i have to leave . '' 
 `` what do you mean leave ? 
 where are you going ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` i 'm going back to my castle . 
 i need to get back to my ancestral home to reflect and recharge . 
 it 's been a while since i 've been back , and given the way things are going here , i could use some time at home . '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 castle ? 
 what on earth are you talking about ? '' 
 `` did you not hear me the other night when i told you i lived in a castle ? '' 
 benji stopped speaking and waited for rachel to say something . 
 she looked him up and down and then said , `` i did , but i did n't believe you . '' 
 `` take my hand , '' benji said as he held his hand out for rachel to grab . 
 `` please . '' 
 she hesitated , then reached out and touched him . 
 a surge of energy ran through his body , which he could not deny . 
 his big eyes stared deeply into her soul and all he could think about was what she would taste like . 
 he wanted to taste her blood , but he controlled his urge . 
 he 'd never hurt rachel . 
 never . 
 he could n't believe he had gotten himself into this situation in the first place . 
 he knew never to trust a human , let alone fall in love with one . 
 he knew he was making the right choice by going back home for a while . 
 he would miss rachel , but he could n't bear to put her in any danger . 
 he squeezed her hand and said , `` do you feel me ? 
 i 'm not like you . '' 
 rachel shook her head and then quickly let go of his hand . 
 he wished so desperately he could read her mind . 
 normally , he could read people 's minds . 
 but in her case , he could n't . 
 he just could n't tell what she was thinking . 
 why did she have to be so difficult to read ? 
 `` you 're freezing , '' rachel said with a quiver . 
 `` why are you so cold ? '' 
 benji looked at her and shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i already told you . '' 
 `` benji , i really do like you , but i ca n't be with someone who does n't tell me the truth . 
 you did n't tell me the whole story . '' 
 `` i tried to tell you , rachel , i did . 
 but you did n't believe me . '' 
 rachel waited and then looked down at the ground . 
 `` i 'm sorry , please tell me again . '' 
 benji took both of her hands and held them close to his body . 
 he could feel her pulse begin to go faster and faster . 
 he looked deep into her eyes and said , `` i 'm a vampire . 
 do n't worry , i wo n't hurt you , '' he said as he felt her hands pulling away from his . 
 he continued to hold onto her hands and said , `` you have to trust me . 
 i would n't lie to you . '' 
 the look on rachel 's face grew softer and she tilted her head in confusion . 
 he could tell she was thinking something . 
 `` i do n't believe in vampires , benji . '' 
 `` you 're the only person i 've ever told this to and you swore that you would n't tell . 
 did you keep your promise ? '' 
 he waited anxiously for her to respond . 
 he hoped that during all the questioning by the police she did n't let it slip . 
 although he knew she was skeptical of him anyway , so she probably would n't have said anything . 
 `` i swore to you that i would n't tell and i kept my promise to you . 
 i will never tell a soul . '' 
 `` do you believe me now ? '' 
 benji said as he gazed piercingly into her eyes . 
 `` i think you 're crazy ! '' 
 rachel said with a laugh . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i believe you . 
 prove it . 
 prove you 're a vampire . '' 
 benji thought for a moment about how he could prove himself to her . 
 he knew he could n't go kill an animal in the bushes - that would be too gruesome . 
 he also knew it would n't be wise to show his superpower strength again , especially at the movie theater . 
 so , he reached into his pocket and took out a shiny , gold , kaleidoscope and handed it to her . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 rachel asked , looking down at it , as he placed it in her palm . 
 `` if you look inside it , you will know i am real , '' benji said with a smile . 
 rachel looked back at him , and then put the kaleidoscope up to her eyes . 
 she looked through it and turned it with her fingers and then pulled it away from her face . 
 `` i do n't see anything except some dull colors , '' she said in a disbelieving tone . 
 but when she looked up , he was gone . 
 vanished . 
 chapter thirteen when rachel got home that night it was late , and all the lights in the house were off . 
 she snuck in without getting caught , and then went up to her room to get ready for bed . 
 she began to undress and get into her pajamas when she heard a loud bang . 
 rachel looked down and saw the shiny golden kaleidoscope that benji had given her , rolling around on her wooden floor . 
 she picked it up and looked through the hole , hoping to see something , but saw nothing except some muted colors inside that moved around as she turned it . 
 as she sat there examining the kaleidoscope , she noticed some small writing on the side , it was an inscription , and it read : paris 1731 . 
 on the other side of it , in small letters , it read : lyndvia castle . 
 she placed it carefully on her bedside table . 
 rachel felt so torn inside . 
 she so desperately wanted to be with benji , but she did n't know if she could trust him . 
 lyndvia castle . 
 it sounded familiar , and rachel could n't help but wonder about it . 
 she decided to tiptoe down to the family computer and google it . 
 within seconds , thousands of images popped up on the screen . 
 she read article after article about the castle-they all mentioned that it was an abandoned castle in westchester , in the town of tarrytown , on the hudson river . 
 but none of them said anything about vampires living there . 
 rachel snuck back to her room , and as she lay in bed with her eyes shut , all she could do was think about benji . 
 she wanted to kiss him desperately and tell him how she felt , too . 
 she wanted them to be together . 
 as much as she tried to convince herself she was over him , she could n't help but feel an inexplicable love for him . 
 after hours of tossing and turning , rachel drifted off into a very deep sleep . 
 rachel walked through cobblestone streets in the foreign city , wondering where she was . 
 she knew she had never been to this place before , and as she looked around , she realized everything was different . 
 historic . 
 the buildings , built low , looked hundreds of years old , and along the streets there walked people dressed in the most old-fashioned outfits . 
 the sound of horses on cobblestone could be heard , and as she turned her head , she noticed a horse and carriage walking down the street . 
 it was twilight , and all around her , the street was lit by gas-burning lamps . 
 as she looked up , snow began to fall , landing in large flakes on her cheeks . 
 rachel knew she was in another time and place . 
 in some other century , in some other country . 
 it looked like europe to her , like pictures she had seen online of historic paris . 
 rachel wondered how she had gotten here , and what she was doing here . 
 she turned to look into a shop window , and as she did , she was suddenly startled by a presence beside her . 
 she turned and was shocked to see , standing just inches away , was benji . 
 he was dressed in an old-fashioned , black suit and overcoat , with high collars that went up to his ears . 
 rachel looked down , and noticed that she , herself , was dressed in a long petticoat and girdle , and that she was holding a parasol in her hand . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , '' benji said . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 benji smiled back at her . 
 `` we have been together for lifetimes , '' he said . 
 `` do n't you remember ? '' 
 rachel slowly shook her head , trying to understand what he was talking about . 
 just then , he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a long , shiny object . 
 she reached out her hand , and he placed it in her palm . 
 the metal was cold to the touch . 
 she held it up and examined it . 
 she was amazed to see that it was the kaleidoscope . 
 the same kaleidoscope he had given her the night before at the movies . 
 benji reached out and placed a hand on hers . 
 he stared down at her with intensity . 
 `` look in it , rachel , '' he said . 
 `` that 's all you have to do . 
 look in it . 
 and believe . '' 
 rachel woke up , sweating and out of breath . 
 she patted her clothes to see what she was wearing , and was surprised to feel it was just her pajamas . 
 she was no longer wearing the petticoat and girdle . 
 she darted out of bed and fumbled around to find her kaleidoscope , but she could n't find it . 
 she knew she had placed it on her bedside table , but it was nowhere to be found . 
 she picked up all the dirty clothes on the floor , and emptied out her purse from last night , going through the heaping mess on the floor . 
 she sat there looking around her room , when all of a sudden she looked back at her nightstand and sitting there , untouched , was the kaleidoscope , right where she had left it . 
 she walked over and touched it with one finger . 
 it did n't move . 
 she grabbed it with her whole hand and held it up to her eye . 
 all she could see was blackness . 
 she turned on her lamp and then looked inside again . 
 to her surprise , the blackness turned to bright , vibrant colors swirling around and around . 
 then , as if by magic , the kaleidoscope began to change . 
 the image inside parted and as she sat there looking into it , she saw an image of two people . 
 she could n't make out who they were at first , and then she shook the kaleidoscope and looked again . 
 in it , she could see herself and benji , wearing their old fashioned clothing , on the cobblestone streets of historic paris . 
 as she turned the kaleidoscope , she could see them walking , hand-in-hand together down the street . 
 she kept turning it and she could see them smiling at each other , and then , all of a sudden , the kaleidoscope went black . 
 the image was gone . 
 rachel put down the kaleidoscope and sat on her bed in complete shock . 
 he was telling me the truth , she thought to herself . 
 she had to go find him . 
 chapter fourteen rachel jumped up from her bed , threw on her clothes that lay on the floor from the night before , and ran into sarah 's room to tell her what she was about to do . 
 sarah was startled when rachel burst into her room , and let out a scream . 
 rachel quickly shushed her and put her fingers to her lips . 
 she started whispering to sarah about her dream and the kaleidoscope without telling her what exactly she was talking about . 
 she wanted to let her sister know she was in love , but she would n't dare bring up that she was in love with a vampire . 
 rachel would take that secret with her to her grave before ever telling anyone , especially now , now that she knew it was n't a lie . 
 `` i have to go find him , '' rachel said , still whispering . 
 `` find who ? '' 
 sarah asked . 
 `` benji . 
 have n't you been listening ? '' 
 `` ok , but what 's the urgency ? 
 it 's saturday morning . '' 
 `` i just have to see him , '' rachel said . 
 `` can you cover for me again if m and d come looking for me ? 
 tell them i 'm still sick in bed . '' 
 `` err , i can try , '' sarah , said back with uncertainty . 
 `` that 's good enough , '' rachel , said as she ran back through the bathroom and tiptoed downstairs and out the front door . 
 as she got outside she felt the cold , fall air hit her face . 
 she was surprised how cold it had gotten and realized she should have worn a heavier jacket ; but there was no time to go back , she had to find benji . 
 as rachel walked out of her driveway , she headed into town . 
 she knew there were always taxis waiting at the bedford train station . 
 it was about a fifteen-minute walk , but to rachel it felt like hours . 
 her heart was pounding out of her chest , as she was so anxious and excited to see benji . 
 she could n't wait to see his face when she told him what happened with the kaleidoscope . 
 it was all coming together for her . 
 she was finally starting to see the real benji , and she could n't wait to tell him she believes in him now . 
 as she got into town she could see the bustle of people going into the stores in town . 
 the bagel store had a line out the door and the there were many grownups and kids walking along the sidewalks . 
 rachel saw liv standing on line at the bagel store but did n't stop to say hi . 
 she walked quickly , to avoid making eye contact with her , and turned down the road towards the train station . 
 she could see a train entering the station , the loud horn blowing as it approached . 
 she continued walking and saw the line of taxis waiting for passengers to arrive . 
 her pace quickened as she raced over to one of the taxis in line . 
 she motioned to him to see if she could get in , and he waved her in and smiled . 
 `` where you headed miss ? '' 
 the cabby asked , and started to drive out of the station . 
 `` i 'm heading to tarrytown , '' rachel said . 
 `` where about ? '' 
 asked the cabby . 
 `` lyndvia castle , please , '' rachel , replied . 
 `` lyndvia castle ? '' 
 the cabby shouted with worry . 
 `` yes , that 's what i said , '' rachel answered suddenly feeling unsure about her decision . 
 `` listen miss , '' the cabby said , looking at her through his rear view mirror . 
 `` what do you plan on doing at lyndvia castle ? 
 that place has been shut down for years now . 
 it 's condemned . '' 
 rachel began to feel scared as she sat there in the back of the taxi . 
 she could n't turn back now , not after her dream and seeing the kaleidoscope . 
 she tried to think of something to tell the driver , but then realized she did not owe him any explanation on why she was going or who she was heading to see . 
 `` just take me there , ok ? '' 
 rachel said back firmly . 
 `` all right , i take you to the entrance of the driveway , but i ca n't go any further . '' 
 the cabby said . 
 `` that 's fine . '' 
 as she sat there , she wondered what lyndvia would be like . 
 would it really be as bad as the cab driver was making it out to be ? 
 she took into account that he was clearly unaware that vampires lived at the castle - let alone her one true love , benji . 
 the ride felt like days as the taxi crawled off the highway exit ramp . 
 she looked down at her watch and realized that she 'd been in the car for twenty minutes already . 
 she did n't realize it would take this long in the car to get to lyndvia . 
 she hoped this taxi was actually taking her to lyndvia and was n't kidnapping her . 
 she 'd heard horror stories about kids getting kidnapped from taking taxis in nyc , but she prayed that would n't happen to her . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' the cabby said as he stopped at a red light . 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` it 's just at the end of this road . '' 
 rachel looked out the window . 
 the sky was cloudy and grey and the cool breeze was making the branches sway on the trees . 
 she could feel the car slowing down as it approached a dirt road . 
 she began to regret her decision as she felt her body jolt up and down on the gravel road . 
 she did n't see a soul around her and there were no other cars on the road . 
 she debated whether or not to turn around , but she 'd gotten this far , she could n't turn back now . 
 the car came to a sudden stop at the end of the road . 
 rachel looked out and saw a tall rusted gate , covered in ivy . 
 it was a grand entrance , but was completely run down and overgrown with shrubs and weeds . 
 rachel looked up at the meter to see what she owed the cab driver . 
 `` that 'll be 17.50 , '' the cabby said . 
 rachel reached into her bag and pulled out her wallet . 
 she searched for the twenty dollar bill that her parents had giver her last week for her allowance , handed the cab driver the money and said , `` keep the change . '' 
 as she reached for the doorknob she could feel her body responding to the fear she felt inside . 
 she was clammy and sweaty even though it was only about 50 degrees outside . 
 her heart was beating so loud she could practically hear it . 
 `` be careful , miss , '' the cabby said . 
 `` here 's my card if you need a ride back . '' 
 rachel took the business card and tucked it away in her back pocket as she shut the door . 
 she stood there as the cabby sped away back down the gravel road . 
 all she could see were his tail lights glimmering as he turned the corner through the dust and dirt that was hovering around in the air . 
 she quickly pulled out her cell phone from her bag and clasped it tightly in her hands . 
 whenever she felt scared , she would do this , just in case she needed to make an emergency call . 
 then , she opened the phone and saw the screen . 
 no service . 
 crap ! 
 she thought to herself , as she put the phone back in her bag . 
 she stood there , staring at the large iron gate that stood in between her and the driveway to lyndvia . 
 to the right of the gate was a gatehouse with boarded up windows and doors . 
 the roof was sunken in and the paint was peeling . 
 she saw an opening to the left of the gate , which looked big enough for her to squeeze through . 
 she walked over and peeked her head through the gate and saw a long winding gravel driveway . 
 she slipped through the opening , wiped off the dirt and leaves on her clothes , and began walking down the long driveway . 
 all she could hear on her walk down were her feet scuffing along the gravel driveway and the sounds of crows flying above her . 
 she had an eerie feeling she had in her gut . 
 she looked up and saw the braches of the tall pine trees that lined the driveway . 
 the wind had picked up , causing the branches to sway back and forth , and to make cracking noises . 
 the leaves were falling at her feet and crunching as she stepped on them . 
 the driveway seemed to go on forever . 
 she could n't see the castle yet she could feel herself getting closer to it . 
 the driveway made a sharp left turn , and as she neared the bend , she saw it . 
 it was huge . 
 the castle sat on the side of a cliff overlooking the hudson river . 
 it spread out on grounds with nothing around it . 
 it was a soaring three-story limestone castle , with multiple pointed steeples and chimneys . 
 it was sprawling , with parapets and turrets on several levels , its rooftop covered in sharp triangular peaks . 
 its widows were high and narrow , made of stained glass . 
 it looked like a place from fairytales , and she could n't believe a place like this could exist in america . 
 she stood there admiring the castle , and could n't help but feel that someone was watching her . 
 she peeked up at the windows , but did n't see anyone looking down at her . 
 she was scared standing there all-alone , so she decided to walk up to the door . 
 she climbed up the three stone steps that led onto the wrap around front porch and faced the door . 
 the metal door was huge in comparison to her 5 foot 2 inch stature . 
 the door had an enormous knocker on it , and she reached out to grab it . 
 the cold touch of the metal sent chills down her spine as she lifted it away from the door and then gently tapped it on the door . 
 the noise made a loud echo sound as it rang through the walls of the castle . 
 she pulled her hand away from the knocker and put them in her pocket . 
 she waited , but nobody came to the door . 
 she reached back up to the heavy knocker and tapped it on the door again , except a little louder this time . 
 she stood there waiting , listening to the sounds of the crows and the leaves rustling on their branches around her . 
 she waited a few more minutes , but nobody came . 
 she walked up to the window and peeked in . 
 she could have sworn she saw something moving , but then it disappeared . 
 she heard a noise coming from inside the castle , and figured the door was about to open , but it did n't . 
 she stood there , alone and in the cold . 
 she reached up one more time for the knocker when she suddenly heard a voice behind her . 
 `` hello rachel , '' the voice said . 
 rachel jumped and let out a scream . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 benji whispered . 
 rachel reached into her backpack and pulled out the kaleidoscope and handed it slowly back to benji . 
 benji put the kaleidoscope back into his pocket and smiled back . 
 `` i would never lie to you . '' 
 `` i had this dream , benji , '' rachel said . 
 `` it was so real . 
 you and i were walking in paris but it must have been hundreds of years ago , because we were in old-fashioned clothing and everything . 
 it was so weird , yet so real . '' 
 `` yes , '' benji said , as though he already knew exactly what she was talking about . 
 `` do you know what i 'm talking about ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` rachel , we 've been together before , '' benji began . 
 `` this is not the first lifetime we 've been together . '' 
 rachel 's body went still and she just stood there staring at benji . 
 she could n't believe what she was hearing . 
 she felt it , too . 
 she could feel they 'd been together before , but could n't understand how or why they kept coming back to each other . 
 `` i 'm so glad you came , rachel , '' benji said , looking up at the castle . 
 `` i could n't stay away . 
 i had to see you . 
 i had to tell you i believe , '' rachel said as she grabbed benji 's hand . 
 benji looked deep into rachel 's eyes . 
 `` are you ready to know who i am ? '' 
 chapter fifteen the bell rang , and hunter gathered up his books and headed into the dining hall . 
 he was relieved his saturday classes were over for the day and that he could finally relax and get ready for the big night . 
 he was excited because it was the day of the fall social at mount pines . 
 the fall social was one of the most popular events at hunter 's school and everybody attended . 
 hunter had n't chosen his date yet , but knew his crush ; michelle was going to have the same dining hall schedule as he did , so he would ask her then . 
 he knew she still had n't been asked , and since it was only a few more hours until the dance , his chances of her saying yes were high . 
 michelle and hunter had been friends forever , going back hundreds of years . 
 she , too , was a vampire and they 'd been at school together for centuries . 
 michelle was beautiful , with long blonde hair and big green eyes . 
 she was perfect to hunter , yet he 'd never made a move on her before . 
 he was nervous around michelle and always became shy and introverted when he was around her . 
 she was a very nice girl , and popular among the female vampires at mount pines . 
 she had many friends , except violet , who was her biggest enemy . 
 violet hated michelle because she knew hunter had a crush on her . 
 she knew this because she overheard him speaking about her one night in his dorm room . 
 hunter was also convinced that violet had the ability to read people 's thoughts and that made her hate michelle even more . 
 as hunter entered the dining hall , he got on line for lunch . 
 everybody at boarding school bought hot lunch . 
 it was much different than day school , or public school , where hot lunch was disgusting and not cool ; it was actually good at mount pines , and all the kids enjoyed it . 
 as he stood on line and waited , he saw michelle through the opening of the kitchen and the dining area . 
 she was sitting alone , with her tray of food , waiting for her friends to join her . 
 hunter knew this was a great opportunity to go over and ask her about the social . 
 he left the kitchen and walked over to her table and sat down in the chair next to her . 
 `` hi michelle , '' hunter said , smiling . 
 `` oh , hey hunt . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 michelle said , smiling back . 
 hunter did n't want to waste any time . 
 he wanted to cut right to the chase and not deal with any small talk or beating around the bush . 
 `` want to um , go to the social with me tonight ? '' 
 hunter said , suddenly feeling nervous for being so bold and coming straight out with his question . 
 hunter waited as michelle looked at him and then peered off behind him . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... '' michelle said , then stopped speaking and stared above hunter . 
 hunter turned around . 
 hovering over him was violet , standing there with her hands on her hips and a scowl on her face . 
 `` excuse me , michelle , '' she said , as she pulled hunter away from the table . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 hunter said , as he turned back around . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 violet asked back in a snarky tone . 
 hunter stood there , looking back and forth between violet and michelle . 
 `` do you want me to tell everyone about your idiotic brother ? '' 
 violet said as she whispered into hunter 's ear . 
 hunter pulled away and shot her a dirty look . 
 `` you 're crazy , '' he said . 
 `` you have n't seen anything yet , '' violet said , as she began to open her mouth wide . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't say anything . 
 stop , '' hunter said , as he put her hand to her mouth . 
 violet stepped back and then motioned for him to leave the dining hall . 
 as he was exiting , he turned back around to michelle who was standing there , in shock at whole situation . 
 he mouthed , `` i 'm sorry , '' to her and then pushed open the door and went outside into the cold mountain air . 
 `` violet , what are you doing ? '' 
 hunter said . 
 `` you have no business coming over and pulling me away from michelle . '' 
 violet pulled out her notepad and began reading . 
 `` his name is benji , he is going back to lyndvia to think about things , he told our secret to rachel . 
 rachel lives in bedford , new york . '' 
 hunter grabbed her notebook and she grabbed it right back . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 hunter asked . 
 `` i took notes on what i heard the other day , '' violet answered . 
 `` notes ? 
 what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 hunter said , suddenly getting angry . 
 `` you could get him killed . '' 
 `` exactly , '' violet said , with a creepy smile across her face . 
 `` listen , hunter . 
 i thought the other night was special . 
 i thought you really wanted to be with me , '' violet said softly . 
 hunter thought for a moment about their kiss . 
 he knew he did n't really like her , and by no means was falling for her , but it was the only way to keep violet quiet . 
 `` it was nice , it was , '' hunter said . 
 `` i think you 're a nice girl and all , but i 'm really not looking for a girlfriend . '' 
 `` i want to be with you forever , '' violet said , clutching onto the notebook . 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' hunter said . 
 `` i do n't have the same feelings as you do . '' 
 violet picked up her notebook and waved it in the air . 
 `` you 're going to regret this , '' she said . 
 `` violet , please . 
 do n't tell anyone . 
 please , '' hunter pleaded . 
 `` you betrayed me , hunter . 
 now you will pay . 
 or , at least your brother will , '' violet said , as she walked away from him . 
 chapter sixteen violet walked into her secret meeting room , which was in the attic of her dormitory . 
 everyone in her coven was waiting for her to arrive after she 'd sounded the secret bells that only her coven could hear . 
 the bells were only to be rung in dire emergencies , or when their coven was in danger . 
 violet rang the bells right after she 'd left her upsetting conversation with hunter . 
 in a rage , she entered the meeting and sat down at the head of the long rectangular table . 
 the room was dimly lit by flickering candles and everyone was dressed in their coven uniform . 
 they wore dark black robes , with an insignia on the breast pocket of a shield with a reindeer inside . 
 on the reindeer 's neck were two fang marks , with blood dripping down the side of its neck . 
 on the outside of this crest was the letter g , which stood for greslin , the name of their coven . 
 `` meeting commencing , '' violet said as she took her wooden mallet and beat it against the table . 
 the room got silent and all the whispers and talking ceased . 
 `` i called this meeting for the coven of the greslin because of a recent finding that i overheard . '' 
 the coven looked at violet in suspense and waited for her to continue . 
 `` it was spoken by someone of the vladiccus coven , '' violet said as she heard people oohing and aahing at her words . 
 `` our secret has been told , '' violet paused . 
 `` to a human . '' 
 loud bursts came from the greslin coven and the tone of the room grew louder and louder . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 violet yelled as she banged her mallet for order . 
 she waited until the room was still and quiet and then she spoke again , `` we need to stop them before the word spreads further ! '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 screamed the crowed in unison . 
 `` we need to find the vladiccus vampire who did this and terminate his life . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 the crowd answered . 
 `` we need to find the human and terminate her as well . '' 
 `` yes ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 the crowd grew louder . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 violet yelled , and then paused . 
 `` we must be quick with the actions we decide upon tonight . 
 the more time that passes , the more likely it is that our secret will be spread . 
 we must begin tonight . '' 
 the coven nodded , agreed , and listened as violet explained how they would go about their attack . 
 she made it very clear who was to do what in this mission , and left no room for error . 
 violet noticed that one of the vampires looked confused , `` what is it ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` where are they again ? '' 
 the greslin vampire asked . 
 `` lyndvia castle , '' violet responded . 
 `` i can hear them now . 
 they are together , he is showing her around and divulging all of our secrets to this human . '' 
 `` we must terminate ! '' 
 the greslins said loudly in unison . 
 the greslin vampires stood up , pulled their black silk hoods up over their heads , and headed out of the dormitory attic to begin their mission . 
 and violet knew that they would n't stop until everyone was dead . 
 chapter seventeen sarah sat at the dinner table , trying to distract her parents from asking about rachel . 
 `` we have n't seen her all day , though , '' her mom said . 
 `` she 's still sleeping , i think , '' sarah said . 
 `` i have n't heard a peep from her room all day . '' 
 `` i do n't know , something seems fishy about this whole thing , '' her dad said , skeptically . 
 sarah waited to see what her parents were going to do . 
 she was surprised that they waited all day to question the situation . 
 `` i 'm going upstairs to check on her , '' her mother replied . 
 `` this is unlike rachel not to come down all day . '' 
 sarah sat at the table in suspense . 
 she hoped miraculously that rachel would be sleeping in her bed when her mom got up to her room . 
 she hoped that she had snuck back in the house without her knowing . 
 `` sarah ! 
 mark ! 
 honey ! 
 come quick ! 
 rachel 's not here . '' 
 sarah looked at her father and brother , who looked startled by the news . 
 she did n't want to give away her secret so she put on a surprised face and headed up the steps quickly with her family . 
 `` rachel ! 
 rachel ! '' 
 her mom shouted . 
 as sarah got to the top of the steps and into rachel 's room she saw her mom standing there , holding rachel 's journal in her hands . 
 she knew that rachel kept her journal tightly locked , and then noticed the broken lock sitting on her desk . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 she knew rachel 's journal was private and she would never want anyone to read it , but it was too late . 
 her mom was shaking her head and letting out shrieks as she flipped the page . 
 `` sarah , do you know anything about this ? '' 
 her mom asked in a shocked voice . 
 sarah paused and tried to conjure something up in her head . 
 she was n't a quick thinker , especially in high-stress situations . 
 `` um , '' sarah said . 
 `` what happened , '' her father demanded . 
 `` tell me now ! '' 
 `` rachel 's in love with this guy , benji , the guy who rides the motorcycle , the guy who beat up the kids at the dance . 
 she went to see him , '' sarah answered . 
 `` what do you mean , she went to see him ? '' 
 shrieked her father . 
 `` it says here , '' her mom pointed to the writing in her journal . 
 `` i have to find him . 
 i have to go to the castle , '' she read aloud . 
 `` kids , '' her dad said firmly . 
 `` what is this all about ? 
 do either of you know what is going on here ? '' 
 sarah looked at mark , who shrugged his shoulders and shook his head . 
 she knew mark would n't have any idea what this was about . 
 he was always so busy with sports and friends that he rarely even spoke to rachel , let alone knew her private business . 
 `` sarah ? '' 
 her dad asked , looking sternly into her eye . 
 `` well , i know she really likes this guy , '' sarah replied nervously . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 her dad asked . 
 `` she went to visit him at the castle , i guess , '' sarah responded . 
 `` this is whack guys , '' mark said . 
 `` i 'm going back downstairs . '' 
 sarah watched as mark calmly left rachel 's room as if nothing was wrong . 
 she wished he would be more invested , but it was clear he was still immature and self-centered . 
 `` vampire ! '' 
 shouted her mom . 
 `` he 's a vampire ? '' 
 sarah stopped in her tracks and looked back and forth between her dad and her mom . 
 she did n't know what this was about , and was suddenly nervous . 
 her heart began to pound , as she worried for her sister 's life . 
 sarah grabbed the journal out of her mom 's hands and began to read it . 
 she could n't believe her eyes . 
 the story of the kaleidoscope , the castle , her dream and their history together . 
 she could n't determine if this was the start of a novel , or if rachel was writing the truth . 
 erring on the side of caution , she took the words at face value and began to panic . 
 `` i do n't know anything about that . 
 i swear , '' sarah said , looking frightened . 
 `` all i know was that she left early this morning to go see this guy . 
 i did n't know where exactly she was going to meet him , i just knew she left in a hurry . '' 
 `` this is bad , '' replied her mom . 
 `` what can we do ? 
 how can we find her ? '' 
 sarah began flipping faster through her journal for any information that could lead them to her , but she found nothing . 
 all that was mentioned about benji 's whereabouts was his castle , and that did n't really help them much . 
 `` we have to call the police , '' her dad said . 
 `` quick , hand me the phone . '' 
 sarah scurried around rachel 's room to find the cordless phone . 
 her room was a mess , with clothes , bags and books scattered all over the floor . 
 she located the phone under the pillow and handed it to her dad . 
 she watched him dial and hold the phone up to his ear , tapping his foot impatiently . 
 `` yes , this is patrick wood at 42 pine road . 
 our daughter has gone missing , '' he said quickly . 
 `` she left early this morning . 
 she went to see this guy named benji . '' 
 her dad stopped speaking and listened , shaking his head . 
 `` yes , benji , the guy from the fight the other night . 
 that 's the one . '' 
 sarah waited as he paused again to listen . 
 his eyes lit up as he shook his head . 
 `` i think she went to some castle ? '' 
 he said , into the phone . 
 `` do you guys know what that could mean ? '' 
 her dad stood there smiling and mouthing , `` thank god . '' 
 sarah was eager to find out what the good news was . 
 she suddenly felt guilty that this was all her fault . 
 if anything bad happened to her sister , she would never forgive herself . 
 `` you 're onto him ? 
 thank god . 
 please call us with any information you have . 
 we will be here waiting . '' 
 sarah watched as her dad hung up the phone and then began to pace the room . 
 `` what happened , dad ? '' 
 `` they 're sending out the troops now to find him . 
 they think they may know where the castle is . '' 
 `` did they tell you anything else , honey ? '' 
 her mom asked , looking nervous . 
 `` no , they want us to sit tight here . 
 they told us not to leave the house and they would call us with any updates as soon as they know more . '' 
 `` do you want me to go out and search for her ? '' 
 sarah asked . 
 `` no ! 
 you stay here . 
 we do n't want you to go missing as well , '' her dad barked back . 
 `` i ca n't believe you knew about this the whole day , '' her mom interjected . 
 `` that 's irresponsible of you , sarah . '' 
 sarah looked at her parents with remorse and said , `` i 'm sorry . 
 you 're right . 
 i really did n't think it was that big of a deal though . '' 
 `` go to your room , '' her dad said . 
 sarah walked through their bathroom , and into her bedroom . 
 she quickly took out her cell phone to call rachel to warn her that the police were coming and that their parents were on to her . 
 she dialed her number and waited . 
 after a long silence , of what felt like hours , the call went straight to voicemail . 
 she dialed again , thinking something must have been wrong with her phone . 
 again , the call went to voicemail . 
 sarah hung up and sent her a text asking her to call her back asap . 
 she waited and waited , but rachel did not call or text back . 
 at that moment , sarah knew something was wrong . 
 she feared she may never see her sister , ever again . 
 chapter eighteen rachel stared back into benji 's eyes , excited to learn all about him . 
 `` yes ! 
 i 'm ready , '' she said holding his hand . 
 `` ok , but you have to keep it a secret . 
 i know i can trust you . '' 
 `` i have n't told a soul , '' she said shaking her head . 
 he opened the door and motioned for her to come in . 
 as she walked inside she entered an enormous , three-story , marble foyer with beautifully adorned walls with gold picture frames . 
 the lighting was dim , and the glow from the candles filled the room . 
 rachel looked around and saw endless , sprawling , elaborate and beautifully decorated rooms . 
 the wooden soles of her ballet flats echoed as she walked across the marble floors , following benji from room to room . 
 `` this is the kitchen , '' benji said , pointing to an open room with only one long table . 
 the table looked like it should belong to a king , or a royal family . 
 the chairs were plush red velvet with elaborate gold encrusted detail on them . 
 she tried to envision the family sitting there for meals , but could n't . 
 `` where are the stove and the sink ? '' 
 she asked , as she looked around the bare , empty kitchen . 
 she looked at benji , and waited for a response . 
 `` we do n't use those things , '' he said . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 how do you cook your food ? '' 
 `` rachel , '' he said . 
 `` we do n't cook our food . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she tried to imagine what a vampire might eat , and then got scared . 
 she looked back at benji and then around the house , as if something were going to pop out and kill her . 
 `` do n't worry , '' benji said . 
 `` i do n't feed on humans . '' 
 rachel let out a sigh of relief and then waited for him to elaborate . 
 `` unlike what you may have read about or seen in movies , some vampires actually feed on animals . '' 
 `` animals ? '' 
 `` yes , deer , rabbit , fox ... '' rachel made a face of disgust . 
 she could n't imagine eating animals and sucking their blood . 
 `` it 's not so bad , rach ! '' 
 he replied . 
 `` it 's all i 've ever known . '' 
 benji motioned for rachel to follow him through the kitchen and into another large foyer . 
 rachel stopped to take it all in : the sound of bach 's cello suite 's played on the player piano in the far corner of the room . 
 she felt like she was in another place , in another time , as the sound of the keys echoed throughout the grand space . 
 rachel felt the room getting warmer and warmer , and her body temperature rise . 
 she looked to her right , and saw a large fireplace with a roaring fire in it . 
 in front of the fireplace , lying on the ground , was a black bear rug with the face still on . 
 the eyes of the bear stared at her , piercing her soul , and its wide-open jaws and large white , pointed teeth looked as if they would bite her head off . 
 she slowly backed away from the bear , just in case for some reason it suddenly arose from the dead and charged after her . 
 she did n't know what to expect in this place , and would n't put it past benji to resurrect things from the dead . 
 as they walked into the next room , she looked up at the high , soaring ceilings and then over at the large stained-glass windows that glistened throughout the room . 
 benji pointed to a stack of dusty , old-looking books , and said , `` this is our family 's bible . '' 
 `` what do you mean , bible ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` i mean , these are all the laws and rules of our coven . 
 it dates back thousands of years , with handwritten excerpts from our ancient ancestors long ago . '' 
 `` can i look at it ? '' 
 rachel asked , hopefully . 
 she waited for him to respond , as he picked up one of the books and thumbed through the pages . 
 over his shoulder , she could see pictures and diagrams of animals , with arrow marks and numbers . 
 she wondered if this was the part of his bible that told him how to feed on animals . 
 benji quickly looked back at her and noticed she was looking over his shoulder . 
 he slammed the book closed and put it back on the dusty shelf . 
 `` maybe another time , rach . 
 i do n't think you 're ready to read this yet . '' 
 she looked at him , and then began to question this whole thing . 
 she wanted him to show her more evidence , to prove he was a vampire . 
 `` benji , how do i know you 're real ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 benji took her hand and walked with her into another opulent room , with a large floor to ceiling mirror encased in a gold frame . 
 `` look ! '' 
 benji said . 
 rachel looked into the mirror and was aghast : she saw her reflection but as she gazed back at her reflection in the mirror , all she could see was herself . 
 benji 's reflection did not appear . 
 `` how is this happening ? '' 
 she asked , horrified . 
 `` i am transparent . 
 i 've never been able to see myself in the mirror . '' 
 `` but , '' rachel paused . 
 `` how do you know what you look like ? '' 
 she waited for him to respond and watched him touch his face and body with his pale , bony fingers . 
 `` it 's complicated , '' he said . 
 `` there 's only one way for me to see my reflection . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` if i put on hex lotion , i can see myself in the mirror . '' 
 `` what 's hex lotion ? '' 
 rachel asked , curiously . 
 `` hex lotion is what i use when i want to go out into the sunlight . 
 it keeps me from burning and disintegrating into the ground . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you ca n't go outside ? '' 
 `` no , i can go outside . 
 i can go out at night when the sun goes down , without the lotion . 
 but , if i go out in the sunlight , my skin will start to burn and smoke . '' 
 `` that 's scary . 
 has it ever happened to you ? '' 
 `` it 's only happened once , and it was the most painful experience of my life . 
 after that , i 've never forgotten to put the hex lotion on . '' 
 benji pulled up his sleeve and pointed to a scar on his arm . 
 `` this is what happened . 
 it 's been over a hundred years since the accident , but the scar has never faded . '' 
 `` over a hundred years ? '' 
 rachel asked in confusion . 
 `` yes ! 
 can you believe it ? 
 i think it 's a sign from my ancestors , so that i do n't forget again . '' 
 rachel looked at him and then reached out to touch his scar . 
 she put her finger on the patch of raised , bumpy skin and felt the heat , still escaping from the burn mark . 
 `` it 's hot ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 `` yes , the heat is slowly subsiding . 
 it used to burn my hands ever time i touched it , but now , it 's just warm . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' rachel said with concern . 
 `` let 's go , i want to show you more , '' benji said , changing the subject . 
 as they walked down the long narrow hallway , lit up by flickering candles , benji took her hand . 
 a chill went through her body , and she became excited . 
 it was the first time he 'd touched her in a romantic way since the covered bridge . 
 she could feel his fingers caressing her hand as they walked down the long , endless corridor . 
 then , all of a sudden , benji stopped and pushed open a large , heavy , arched , wooden door . 
 `` come in , '' he said . 
 `` what 's this room ? '' 
 rachel stared at the four-poster metal bed , with antique paisley linens and bedspread . 
 the bed was perfectly made , and looked as if it had n't been slept in for years . 
 there were no windows in the room , which could have led to the musty smell that infused the bedroom . 
 she started to cough at the smell , and then put her hands over her mouth . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 benji asked . 
 `` yes , i 'm sorry , i just have a tickle in my throat , '' rachel said . 
 rachel walked to the other side of the bedroom to get a tissue from the en suite bathroom , when she saw something moving . 
 she let out a shriek and then ran back into benji 's arms . 
 `` do n't worry , it 's just beethoven , '' benji replied , laughing . 
 rachel 's heart was pounding and the hairs on her arm were standing straight up . 
 she looked back at the moving ball of fur and then realized it was a dog . 
 `` is this yours ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` yes , this is beethoven , our siberian husky . '' 
 `` what do you mean our ? '' 
 `` it 's my family 's dog . 
 he 's been with us for 145 years . '' 
 `` what ? 
 dogs do n't live that long , do they ? '' 
 she asked . 
 after she asked that , she realized it was a dumb question . 
 it was clear that everything inside the walls of this castle had the ability to live forever . 
 `` yes , he 'll never die , '' benji said smiling at her . 
 `` whose room is this anyway ? '' 
 rachel asked as she looked around at all of the old family photos in picture frames . 
 rachel saw benji get tense and weird . 
 he began looking around the room as if he were trying to come up with something to say . 
 `` it 's my parents bedroom , '' benji responded . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' benji snapped . 
 she 'd never heard this tone in benji 's voice before . 
 it was as if she asked the question to reveal all of their coven 's secrets . 
 she did n't realize her question was inappropriate , but apparently , it was . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to pry . '' 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i just ca n't answer , '' benji said as he blew out the candles in the bedroom and turned to walk out of the room . 
 for the first time , she felt scared to ask questions . 
 she did n't want to offend benji or ask the wrong thing . 
 she walked quietly with him back out into the grand entrance foyer and then watched as benji applied hex lotion . 
 she so desperately wanted to talk to him , but remained silent and just observed . 
 `` let 's get some fresh air , '' benji said as he opened the large stained glass double doors that led out to the back of the house . 
 rachel could n't believe her eyes as the wide double doors opened . 
 she was mesmerized by the panoramic views of the hudson river glistening in the sunset . 
 she stepped out onto the wraparound marble balcony and took in the sights and sounds . 
 she could still hear the crows soaring above her and the smell of the smoke coming from the chimney scattered in the air . 
 every time she smelled the smell of smoke coming from a chimney , she immediately thought of christmas . 
 for a minute , she felt like it was christmas day and she was sitting in front of a burning fireplace , smelling the same smokey smell , and feeling the warmth and love of her family around her . 
 benji grabbed her by the hand , which forced her to snap out of her daydream . 
 `` hold on tight ! '' 
 benji said . 
 she put her arms around his neck and said , `` are you ready ? '' 
 she did n't know what was going on , but was feeling up for anything . 
 the day had been full of interesting surprises , so she was ready for whatever benji had to show her next . 
 she held on to him tightly as benji stood on the railing of the balcony . 
 `` 1 , 2 , 3 , '' benji counted , and then he jumped . 
 rachel felt her feet follow his into mid air . 
 she felt like she was skydiving , and suddenly feared for her life , as the two of them neared the ground fifty feet below . 
 as they came close to crashing , she saw benji sprout large white wings and begin to fly back into the sky . 
 rachel could n't believe it . 
 was she really flying above lyndvia castle on benji 's back ? 
 the wind was blowing through their hair as he flew them around the castle , pointing to different parts of the grounds . 
 she could hardly pay attention to what he was saying , as she was still stuck on the fact that they were flying . 
 they flew higher and higher , then their speed slowed down . 
 benji said , `` get ready to land . '' 
 rachel held on as tight as she could , as the two landed on a large branch in one of the pine trees that surrounded the long driveway of lyndvia castle . 
 catching her breath , she said , `` wow ! 
 i had no idea you could do that . '' 
 `` you have n't seen anything yet ! '' 
 benji said , smirking at her . 
 the two sat together on the tree branch and watched the yellow and orange sun go behind the trees . 
 it was slowly getting dark and they decided they 'd better get back inside before it turned pitch black out . 
 benji flew rachel back to the balcony and they went back inside . 
 the house was silent and empty . 
 benji led her up the steep spiral staircase that led into his bedroom suite . 
 as they got inside , he covered her shoulders with a big wool blanket and lit a fire in his fireplace . 
 they sat there on the edge of his bed and gazed into each other 's eyes . 
 rachel had never felt so close to someone , or so in love as she did at that moment . 
 she felt , for the first time , that she completely understood him . 
 she wanted to stay with him forever at the castle , and never leave . 
 she had n't even thought about home or her family and friends since she 'd arrived . 
 all she could think about was being with benji . 
 he put his cold hand on her leg and started rubbing it up and down her warm thigh . 
 rachel turned to him and he leaned in to kiss her . 
 they slowly began kissing , passionately , as their bodies moved up towards the head of the bed . 
 benji put his hand under her sweater and began to undress her . 
 she caressed his body for the first time . 
 she 'd never gotten this far with any guy before , and was happy her first time was with benji , the love of her life . 
 as the two lay there , naked , next to each other for the first time , benji turned to her and whispered , `` rachel , i love you . '' 
 rachel 's heart fluttered , and she grew speechless . 
 she felt it , too . 
 she felt her heart longing for benji , and a deep feeling of love filled her body . 
 she could n't keep it inside anymore . 
 `` i love you , too , '' rachel whispered back . 
 then , a question that was burning inside of her suddenly came out , `` why did you risk it all for me ? '' 
 `` because , i love you , rachel . '' 
 `` but why me ? '' 
 `` i 've always loved you , and i knew the time was right for us to finally be together . '' 
 they began to kiss again , even more passionately than before . 
 rachel wondered if they were going to go all the way . 
 she felt her body longing for his , to be closer , to be one . 
 all of a sudden rachel could hear a loud banging coming from the knocker of the large front door . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 rachel asked , startled , sitting up . 
 `` i do n't know , '' benji sat up , too . 
 `` i 'm not expecting anyone and i 'm the only person home . '' 
 `` should you go down and find out who it is ? '' 
 rachel reached for her bra and sweater . 
 `` wait , '' benji said . 
 `` i do n't want to stop . '' 
 rachel continued putting her clothes back on as she sat there , in fear of who was at the castle door . 
 she wondered if it were her sister , or her parents . 
 she suddenly worried her family was coming to find her . 
 although she realized the only person who remotely knew where she was was sarah , and she would never seek her out like this . 
 they sat there together , in bed as the knocking grew louder and louder . 
 she looked at benji who sat there with a frightened look on his face . 
 this look gave rachel a disconcerting feeling , and she wanted to run and hide . 
 the knocking grew even louder and then , stopped . 
 the two sat there silently , and waited for something else to happen . 
 then , a moment later , she heard the door creak open . 
 chapter nineteen hunter did n't want to take any chances . 
 he flew faster than ever to lyndvia castle to warn benji about violet 's threat to terminate him and rachel . 
 when he arrived there , the blinds were drawn and the doors were all locked . 
 he knocked on the large knocker but nobody answered . 
 he took out his cell phone to dial benji , and then remembered the castle was in a dead zone . 
 hunter grabbed the large brass knocker and this time knocked as loud as he could , hoping that benji would hear him . 
 then , he remembered that there was a key hidden in the trunk of the old oak tree that stood out front of the castle . 
 he ran quickly to get it and then back to the door , out of breath and anxious to get inside . 
 fidgeting , he managed to get the key in the small keyhole and turned the knob . 
 the door creaked open , and hunter ran inside yelling , for benji and rachel . 
 he waited in the foyer for someone to answer , but it was silent . 
 all he could hear were chopin 's nocturnes playing on the player piano coming from the living room . 
 `` benji , rachel , are you here ? 
 you need to get out of here quick ! '' 
 his voice rang out across the house . 
 `` hello ! 
 who 's there ? '' 
 benji yelled down from the top of the spiral staircase . 
 `` it 's me , hunter ! '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 benji yelled back . 
 `` hurry ! 
 there 's no time , you have to get out of here ! '' 
 hunter ran up the stairs as quick as he could to find benji and rachel quickly getting dressed . 
 benji was standing at the foot of his bed and rachel was sitting straight up in bed , fidgeting with her sweater and looking petrified . 
 `` you have to listen to me , '' hunter said . 
 `` you have to leave now ! '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 benji asked . 
 `` there 's no time . 
 pack your things . 
 i know a place that 's safe where we can hide , '' hunter said . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` violet knows everything and she 's out to get both of you . 
 she wo n't stop until you are both dead , '' hunter shrieked . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 benji retorted . 
 `` she 's roused her entire coven the greslins and they 're going to be here soon . 
 you do n't have time . 
 move now ! '' 
 hunter prodded . 
 `` wait a minute , '' benji remarked . 
 `` why did you tell her where we were ? '' 
 `` i did n't tell her . 
 she already knows . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 she can hear everything . 
 she is evil . 
 you do n't understand this girl . '' 
 `` well thanks for giving us away , '' benji said , with a upset look on his face . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you 're the one that started this ! 
 you 're the one who opened your big mouth and got yourself in this mess in the first place , '' hunter said , angrily . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i did n't do anything , '' benji said , sticking up for himself . 
 `` you 're selfish , benji , just like you 've always been . 
 you 've not only jeopardized yourself , you 've jeopardized our whole coven . 
 and all for a human , '' hunter said , looking directly at rachel . 
 hunted and benji start walking towards each other as if to fight . 
 hunter threw down his jacket and rolled up his sleeves . 
 then , rachel held out her hand , and put it in between the two brothers and said , `` wait a second , guys . 
 this is clearly all my fault . 
 this is not benji 's fault . 
 please do n't fight . 
 i really do n't want to be the cause of any troubles . 
 i 'll just go away and i 'll never come back . 
 maybe that will fix things . '' 
 `` you do n't understand , it 's too late for that . 
 nothing you can do can change it now . 
 they 're already on their way here . 
 they will be here any second . 
 and they wo n't stop until they kill you . 
 both of you ! '' 
 hunter exclaimed . 
 `` so then why are you here hunter ? 
 if they 're all coming here , then why are you risking your life to be here right now ? '' 
 benji asked . 
 `` i came to warn you . 
 you 're my only brother . '' 
 hunter softened , and benji gave him a look of gratitude . 
 `` so where do you propose we go ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` we ca n't just run from these guys forever , '' benji said . 
 `` we have to stand and fight . '' 
 `` now is not the time . 
 we are too outnumbered . 
 we would n't stand a chance . 
 the greslins have powers that you would n't even conceive . 
 i know a place where we will be safe . 
 i know a -- '' suddenly , there was a loud crashing on the roof , and before hunter could finish his speech , the three of them looked over at the window . 
 there , up against the glass , was the ugliest face they had ever seen . 
 it was the face of a creature , and a face of pure evil . 
 chapter twenty rachel could not believe what was happening . 
 her heart was pounding out of her mouth . 
 as she looked to the window and saw the hideous creature , its face up against the glass , she was in awe to realize that such hideous and fantastical creatures really existed . 
 she felt terrified , and if benji and hunter had n't been at her side , she would have shrieked and ran for her life . 
 rachel felt benji 's cold hand on her wrist , and just as he opened his mouth to say something , suddenly , there was a noise on the other side of the house , coming from the front door . 
 it took rachel a moment to realize what it was : police sirens . 
 a moment later , there came the sound of a megaphone : `` this is the police ! 
 come out with your hands up ! '' 
 rachel turned back to the window and saw that the creature had disappeared . 
 for a second , she began to wonder if she had ever even seen it at all . 
 benji tugged hard on her , and she found herself sprinting with he and hunter through the house , to the front door . 
 they all stuck their heads up against the glass , and as they looked out , rachel was horrified to see that several police cars were pulled up on the lawn , in front of the house , their sirens flashing . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 rachel said . 
 she could feel her body shaking . 
 she did n't know what was worse , those hideous creatures , or the sight of all these police . 
 she felt certain that she was going to go to jail , that her life was over . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 rachel asked . 
 `` we have to get out of here , now ! '' 
 hunter said . 
 `` we have to take the secret exit , '' he said , looking to benji . 
 but benji stood there holding firm , his jaw set , still looking out the window . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` we have to warn the cops . 
 the greslins will eat those policemen alive . 
 we have to save them . 
 we have to give them a chance to get out of here . '' 
 benji reached out and grabbed the door handle , and as he did , hunter 's hand landed on top of his , stopping him . 
 hunter stared at him with such intensity . 
 `` you 're risking all of our lives by going out there , '' hunter said . 
 benji looked at him . 
 `` we have no choice . 
 we ca n't let those police die . 
 they are only humans . '' 
 finally , slowly , hunter removed his hand , and as he did , benji opened the door , and they all walked out , into the night . 
 the flashing lights were blinding in the darkness as rachel followed benji and hunter out onto the lawn . 
 before them were about a dozen police officers , most of them standing with their guns drawn , and pointed right at them . 
 `` hands up ! '' 
 came the voice through the megaphone . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' benji yelled back , `` you 're not safe here . 
 you have to leave ! 
 now ! '' 
 `` we are not going to say this again . 
 put your hands up , or we will shoot ! '' 
 rachel could see benji and hunter slowly raise their hands high in the air and she did the same . 
 she felt her arms shaking as she did , and felt like she wanted to cry , standing there in the bright floodlights of the police cars . 
 `` you do n't have much time ! '' 
 benji yelled out to them . 
 `` please ! 
 leave now ! 
 before anyone gets hurt ! '' 
 `` get to your knees . 
 now . '' 
 benji and hunter dropped to their knees , hands high in the air , and rachel did , too . 
 as they did , suddenly , several of the policeman started hurrying towards them . 
 she saw them take out their handcuffs , dangling them in front , and she felt terrified that soon she would be in prison . 
 she did n't even know what she had done to deserve all this . 
 all she knew was that she loved benji . 
 was that a crime ? 
 the police got closer and closer , now only feet away , and as one of them came right for rachel , suddenly , benji spoke up , `` you can arrest us , '' he said to the officer , `` but do n't touch her . 
 if you do , i assure you , you will regret it . '' 
 `` open your mouth again , you punk , and i will mace it shut , '' the officer said , reaching into his belt and holding out a canister of pepper spray . 
 at that moment , rachel felt the hard grip of a beefy , calloused hand on her wrist , yanking her arm back , and placing a cold , metal handcuff on her wrist , snapping it into place . 
 the metal was so tight on her wrist ; she could n't help herself from crying out in pain . 
 `` benji ! '' 
 she found herself yelling out , crying . 
 `` please ! 
 help me ! '' 
 and then it all happened in the flash of an eye . 
 before rachel could even process what was happening , there was a whirl of motion before her , at lightning speed , just like that time when benji saved her on the ferris wheel . 
 it was like , she blinked one moment , and the next , benji was up on his feet , somehow standing behind her , grabbing the police officer with one hand , and lifting him high off the ground . 
 in another flash of an eye , benji had somehow managed to throw that police officer into the other one that was approaching with the pepper spray , knocking them both to the ground like dominos . 
 and that was when things got even more confusing . 
 several more officers were still approaching , but before they could get near them , this time , there came a flurry of blinding motion from the sky itself . 
 it all happened so fast and it was hard for rachel to make it out in the harsh floodlights of the police vehicles , but she thought she saw black shapes descending from the sky , and landing directly on the police officers . 
 she was sure she spotted one of those hideous creatures -- she would never forget its face -- landing on a police officer 's chest , reaching over , and tearing off his head in one motion . 
 it then leaned over and sunk its teeth into what was left of his torso , screeching as it did so . 
 that was when the shots began . 
 within moments , rachel heard gunfire all around her , and saw the police frantically shooting in every direction . 
 most of them aimed for the sky , to no avail , but one of them aimed right for benji . 
 she called out his name to warn him , but it was too late . 
 he did n't see it coming , and she watched in horror , as the bullet hit him square in the chest . 
 `` benji ! '' 
 rachel cried out . 
 she expected to see him collapse , to see blood pouring out of him , to see him die on the spot . 
 but she was shocked to see that the bullet did not faze him at all . 
 in fact , he merely reached over , yanked the bullet from his flesh and threw it on the ground , as if it were an insect . 
 she looked over and saw the officer staring , open jawed , in utter shock . 
 the bullets kept flying , and the black shapes kept descending . 
 within moments , it was a blood-fest , with the police officers being torn to bits . 
 finally , they realized that they were up against something that they could not fight , and the officers that remained tried to flee in a panic . 
 several of them ran for a police vehicle , but as they did , one of those black things landed before it , picked the car up over its head , and hurled the car across the lawn , as if it were a toy . 
 it smashed against a huge tree and burst into flames . 
 the police who remained started firing wildly in every direction . 
 and that was when rachel felt it . 
 rachel felt the pain rip through her stomach , a pain worse than any she had ever experienced in her life . 
 it felt as if someone had stabbed her , and in just a moment , she realized that she could n't breath . 
 she collapsed to her back on the soft grass and reached down and felt her stomach . 
 she lifted her hand and saw that it was covered in bright red blood . 
 and that was when she realized she had just been shot . 
 as rachel looked up at the sky , suddenly benji 's face came into view . 
 she saw him kneel by her side , and his face morph into grief and guilt . 
 `` rachel , can you hear me ? '' 
 she did hear him , but only faintly , and was too weak to respond . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he said . 
 `` rachel ? 
 can you hear me ? 
 i love you ! 
 rachel ? 
 do n't leave me ! '' 
 rachel saw hunter come into view grabbing benji by the chest . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' hunter urged benji . 
 `` now ! '' 
 suddenly rachel saw benji 's face transform into a rage , a rage greater than she had ever seen . 
 it was a look of vengeance . 
 `` no ! '' 
 benji screamed . 
 he broke into action . 
 he took two strong leaps and flew into the air , and met several of those black things in mid air . 
 they charged at him , fangs out , snarling-but benji was not deterred . 
 on the contrary , in his state of rage , he seemed even more vicious then they . 
 they met in mid-air with a crash . 
 benji somehow managed to dodge one of them , to kick one square in the chest , knocking him to the ground , and then to grab a third one by the shoulders . 
 he swung this one around , so hard , that he went flying into several of his fellow coven members , knocking them all to the ground . 
 benji was a blur of motion , and within moments , he had managed to knock out every evil creature that was in sight . 
 the next thing rachel knew , benji was back at her side , kneeling beside her , tears streaming down his cheeks . 
 `` rachel , '' he pleaded , `` please , can you hear me ? 
 i need you to live ! '' 
 rachel wanted to respond , but she was too weak . 
 she could n't muster the energy to form the words . 
 she felt her body going cold , and felt her life draining from her . 
 she could n't believe that she was going to die , so young , and in this place . 
 she saw benji and hunter turn and look up at the sky , and in the distance , she saw more of those evil creatures heading their way , this time , led by a beautiful girl with black hair . 
 `` it 's violet , '' hunter said to benji . 
 `` she 's coming with more . 
 and more will follow . 
 you have to get out of here now ! 
 take rachel . 
 take her to safety . 
 far from here . 
 i 'll stay here and hold them back . 
 i 'll be a diversion for you . '' 
 `` go ! '' 
 hunter screamed . 
 the next thing that rachel knew , she felt herself being picked up in benji 's strong arms . 
 and then she saw herself rising , off the ground , and up into the sky , higher and higher . 
 the cool wind was racing in her face and hair , as she found herself flying over the castle , over the grounds , and then over the hudson river itself . 
 it looked to her as if she were flying right into the huge orb of the full , glowing moon . 
 she felt herself growing even weaker , and did n't know how much longer she could make it . 
 they descended . 
 they landed on a small island in the middle of the hudson river , as benji gently set her down on the grass . 
 he knelt beside her , weeping , as he ran his hands through her hair . 
 `` rachel , '' he pleaded . 
 `` please , do n't leave me . 
 you 're all i have . 
 you 're all i care about . '' 
 rachel thought it was weird he should say that , because he was all that she cared about , too . 
 she really wanted to be with him , and she was n't ready to leave this earth . 
 she needed to be with him . 
 he was everything to her . 
 and she would do anything , anything , to be with him forever . 
 she could n't imagine a life without him . 
 rachel mustered every last bit of her strength , forcing herself , willing herself , to sit up , just a little bit . 
 she reached up and grabbed benji by his shirt . 
 with her very last bit of breath , she managed to whisper her last words . 
 `` i love you , benji . 
 i want to be with you forever . 
 do n't let me die . 
 make me be with you forever . 
 take me . 
 take me ! '' 
 she urged . 
 rachel saw benji shaking his head , and could see him struggling with himself . 
 she slumped back down to the grass , all of her energy gone , and knew she would not have the strength to say another word . 
 she felt herself growing colder , stiffer , weaker , lighter-and then , she felt her world going black . 
 she knew without a doubt that in just moments she would be dead . 
 and with her last glimmer of vision , the last thing she saw was benji 's fangs protracting , long and narrow , as he lowered his head and brought them down , right for her neck . 
 `` i love you , '' she heard him say . 
 `` and i will forever . '' 
