 the blackhearted saint by ned minkov smashwords edition ***** published by : ned minkov on smashwords cover design by : ned minkov copyright 2011 ned minkov smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the author 's work . 
 ***** i would like to thank mr. asparouh velkov for helping me refine the manuscript and turn it into a book worth publishing . 
 i would also like to express my gratitude to erin sanchez for the reassuring talks while preparing for my debut as an author . 
 prologue i walked out of my rental apartment rather reluctantly . 
 it was 7:30 a.m. and the november chill was making me shiver . 
 the streets outside were swathed in a dense fog , seasonal for this time of year . 
 the university campus across the hoar-frosted meadow could barely be made out through the grayish curtain . 
 usually , i found such weather romantic -- its air of mystery , its feel of depression . 
 not this time round though . 
 i was still sleepy and regretful that i had to exchange my cosy , snug bed for the cold outside . 
 i 'd much rather have lain in for another couple of hours . 
 however , no one was likely to finish my ph.d. dissertation for me . 
 and as the deadline was looming larger and larger , i could not sleep peacefully , anyway . 
 that was why i had made up my mind to get to work earlier that day instead of wasting yet another morning at home . 
 i was headed towards the library -- the only facility of the university that was outside the campus . 
 it was on the far end of the park opposite to where the faculties were located . 
 А long , narrow alley lead to the mansion-like building of the library through a thick forest . 
 the mist concealed the trees which , along with the chilly air , rendered the place ghostly , as if i were crossing a cemetery . 
 yet , as i was walking along the alley , i found its silent seclusion comforting . 
 and i needed this comfort , for i had been feeling troubled too often lately . 
 i realized that the deadline for finishing my dissertation would coincide with my start in life . 
 ever since i had walked into the university for the first time , i had been striving towards this turn in my life . 
 my parents had spent years working hard so as to make sure that i not lack comfort or proper education . 
 now , they expected me to graduate and find a decent , well-paid job and enjoy the good life they had struggled for . 
 then , the question of what a good life should consist in i had discussed with my colleagues at university , who in turn had inherited a notion from their parents and followed their examples . 
 raised in upper-middle-class families like me , they were accustomed to driving nice cars , to wearing expensive clothes , to living in spacious apartments or houses around campus . 
 and they had taken it for granted that these possessions should be the values to be striving after . 
 consequently , most of them had graduated , had begun working , and some were already married -- their ideal of a perfect life fulfilled . 
 i myself had not been that impatient to take these steps . 
 although i also recognized the family as a cornerstone of general happiness and had been in a relationship with a wonderful smart girl for three years , i was not confident that i was willing to go all the way . 
 this entailed , as my parents ' example had showed me , entering the vicious circle of work , loans , mortgages , savings , and planning from which there was no way out . 
 besides , i had begun wondering whether marriage itself was merely another form of possession . 
 thus , i had applied for a ph.d. program , hoping it would allow me time enough to figure out what i truly wanted from life . 
 but this retreat of mine was now coming to an end , while the answer kept eluding me . 
 the topic i had chosen for my dissertation had something to do , though remotely , with my attempts to solve this existential riddle of mine : the sacred dimensions of secular values in italian renaissance poetry . 
 i had been hoping that the wisdom of ancient men would cast some light on the essentials of life . 
 however , instead of finding an answer to my troubles , i was left under the impression of having escaped reality . 
 and reality in modern society meant calculating in money 's worth everything . 
 when had people lost their ideals , such as love , honour , and goodness , substituting them for the pursuit of wealth and possessions ? 
 are there any high values still valid , or have they all been buried in the past ? 
 has man discarded the unworldly from his nature , to strive after material comforts ? 
 is that what life 's purpose should be ? ' 
 such were the thoughts crossing my mind as i approached the library . 
 i decided to put an end to these troubled reflections of mine and leave them aside . 
 surely , there would be plenty of time to think the matter over . 
 i had enough on my mind as it was . 
 and there i was , entering what was later to become my office -- the old university library . 
 being no stranger to this building , i easily found my way to the reading hall . 
 even before resuming work on my dissertation , i used to spend time by its tall windows over a random book . 
 one can say it was my retreat and indeed it was . 
 the silence , along with the scent of wood and of old books , made it the perfect place to collect my thoughts , to hide from the otherwise hectic pace of life at the university . 
 next to the hall 's entrance there stood a row of four computer workstations . 
 i tapped on the screen of the nearest one and entered my faculty number and password . 
 then i opened the library catalogue and made a search for the books i needed . 
 after choosing a few titles , i went to one of the desks facing the tall windows of the hall . 
 i was the only person in the room , so i did not have to wait long for my order . 
 a frail woman in her late fifties entered the hall through a service door carrying a small pile of books . 
 she put them on the desk , smiling kindly , although somewhat forcedly , then quickly turned around and left . 
 i went through the books which contained the poetry , mainly sonnets , of italian renaissance authors . 
 most of the works in the volumes were written by the significant poets of that time -- petrarch , boccaccio , and alighieri . 
 so far in the rough copy of my dissertation , i had reproduced what experts had written on the subject , regarding mainly love as the universal value . 
 now , i wanted to continue with my own analysis of a less familiar author , and hopefully a one who could add something more beside romance as the life 's ultimate purpose . 
 but , as i leafed through the pages , the prospect of realizing my ambition grew less likely with each book i went through . 
 even in the old library 's vast collection , my two-hour search came to nothing , except for a few odd sonnets by anonymous authors . 
 i was feeling completely disheartened , when i took the last book and stared at its paper cover . 
 it was very old and its wretched look had made me leave it for last . 
 i opened it . 
 it began with petrarch 's qual donna attende a gloriosa fama - another dead end to my research . 
 but what intrigued me was the elegant italic font in which the poems were printed . 
 i had always been fascinated with the art of calligraphy and with scripts in general . 
 so i went through the pages with keen interest , as if i were reading those lines for the first time . 
 on turning yet another page somewhere towards the middle of the book , i noticed something funny about the following sheet . 
 its colour was different to the rest . 
 it seemed much older , as the paper had yellowed with age , and the ink was slightly washed out . 
 still , it was legible and i was staring at yet another sonnet . 
 one i had never read before . 
 i went through the lines attentively , translating the text in my mind : with his soul turned away from god , and mind yielded to profane learning ; succumbed to flesh 's sinful yearnings , heaven 's grace to embrace -- he did not . 
 his path of life -- by the devil wrought : in his wake -- death and ruins burning ; from his heart all sanctity spurning : not lead by god -- by the devil caught . 
 for his faith he turned into mortal sin , he shall rest in his golden restraint . 
 shadows his home , serpents -- his kin , with vice his glory is forever stain 'd . 
 for before saints he lived by the sin , amidst sinners he shall rise a saint ! 
 it was written in italian , just like the rest of the works in the book . 
 but , at the bottom of the page , there was an inscription , a line of characters , which on closer inspection i realized was a series of letters and numbers in latin : mccccxiioanesxxiii my first guess was that it indicated when the sonnet had been written : mccccxii was the latin for 1412 . 
 this meant my find was a renaissance piece , but written far too late for it to be the work of any of the authors collected in the book . 
 i was fascinated by the melody of its rhymes and by its literary figures . 
 however , my initial excitement quickly dissipated . 
 i did not know who the author of the sonnet was and in any case could not analyse an anonymous poet with a single work . 
 nevertheless , i decided to take a closer look at the odd page . 
 the other side of the sheet was blank and as i was turning it over , it detached itself . 
 my hand froze , holding the loose sheet . 
 i thought i had involuntarily ripped it off , but then i saw that its inner side was intact . 
 apparently , someone had tucked it in neatly between the pages . 
 ` so this sonnet must have been left inside the book centuries after it was originally written ' , i mused . 
 but who could possibly be its author ? 
 i certainly had to make some enquiries and luckily , i knew whom i should turn to . 
 the library director 's office was a sequestered room on the northern side of the imposing mansard roof of the building . 
 the director himself was an elderly professor at the university , a distinguished expert in the history of culture . 
 i had attended his lecture on the vatican 's cultural heritage as a second year student . 
 he had spent a couple of years as a visiting lecturer in the università di sapienza in rome , and rumour had it that he had been granted access to the vatican archives . 
 i knocked on the massive wooden door and pricked up my ears for a reply . 
 ` come in ! ' 
 the answer came in a low , deep voice . 
 i pushed the door open and stepped into the office . 
 holding a newspaper , the director sat , in a leather armchair by a decorated tea-table with a steaming cup of fine china on it . 
 lifted over his horn-rimmed glasses his eyes were set on me . 
 ` how can i help you , young man ? ' 
 he asked . 
 i began by presenting myself , unsure about how to make my request for help . 
 ` i have been working on a dissertation on early renaissance italian poetry . ' 
 i explained . 
 ` i was going through some volumes , when i stumbled upon this particular book . ' 
 i extended my left arm with the old book in hand . 
 the director kept staring at me questioningly . 
 ` it contains sonnets by petrarch and alighieri , mostly , but i found this odd sheet of paper tucked in between its pages . ' 
 as i showed him the sheet , i noticed that the director remained somewhat unimpressed . 
 after a brief moment of silence , he threw the newspaper on the tea-table and beckoned me to draw closer . 
 ` take a seat , will you ? ' 
 he pointed to another leather arm-chair facing his . 
 although he seemed a bit irritated , he was forcing himself to be polite , observing me , as i sat down . 
 ` so , what is so strange about this sheet of paper ? ' 
 he asked . 
 by his tone alone , i could tell that he already knew the answer . 
 ` there 's a sonnet , sir ' , i went on ` and a date , an inscription in latin written at the end . 
 but what i need to know is who the author of this work is . ' 
 ` may i have a look ? ' 
 he requested the paper and i handed it out to him . 
 he examined it briefly and looked back at me . 
 ` so , you are saying that the inscription below is a date , are n't you ? ' 
 ` i have basic knowledge of latin , sir . 
 the numbers at the beginning of the inscription read 1412 , unless i am mistaken . 
 and the ones that follow must be those of the exact date . 
 what i need to know however is the author 's -- ' ` but you do have the author 's name ' , the director interrupted me , smiling . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 i do ? 
 but where is it ? ' 
 i could hardly conceal my excitement . 
 ` here , let me show you . ' 
 he took the newspaper and produced a pencil from the pocket of his worn-out coat . 
 then he rewrote the inscription in a margin of the paper and handed it out to me . 
 i looked at the writing . 
 it was the same as on the old sheet from the book , only i noticed that he had left a couple of spaces in the line : mccccxi ioanes xxiii i tried to decipher the copied inscription . 
 ` i can now see that the first set of letters refer to the year 1411 rather than 1412 , as i thought . 
 but who and what could ioanes and the number 23 stand for ? 
 is it ... ' then it dawned on me . 
 ` john the xxiii ? 
 perhaps pope john the xxiii ? ' 
 ` exactly ' , the professor confirmed . 
 ` this sonnet was written by pope john xxiii in the year 1411 . ' 
 ` written by pope john xxiii . ' 
 i repeated , puzzling over my discovery . 
 ` is it some sort of an edifying address ? ' 
 i asked , as i knew of such a form of address that had been used by the popes . 
 it came along with anathemas of notorious sinners and served the purpose of public edification . 
 ` if it was what you suggest , ' the director said , ` it would have been written in latin rather than in italian . 
 no , this is something more than a mere letter of edification . ' 
 he rose from his chair and walked to a cupboard whence he took out another china cup and a small saucer . 
 ` would you like some tea ? ' 
 he asked rhetorically , while reaching for a tea-pot and pouring some of the beverage into the cup . 
 ` the story of this sonnet is n't short , but , as you will soon find out , it is certainly fascinating . 
 it is a tale from the past which few know the truth about . ' 
 i was sincerely disappointed by the fact that the sonnet had been written by a pope . 
 in this case , it was very unlikely that i could use it for my dissertation . 
 but the tinge of mystery in the director 's voice whetted my curiosity . 
 i took a sip of tea , confirming my anticipation . 
 he settled himself back down in his chair , took the sheet with the sonnet and stared at it , before handing it back to me . 
 ` read it once again before we begin ' , he urged me . 
 ` but first , what can you tell me about this sonnet ? ' 
 ` it is an italian-style sonnet ' , i said . 
 ` the year in which it was written and the rhyme patterns tell for sure that it is a petrarchian one , a style named after the famous sonneteer of the italian renaissance . 
 it has fourteen lines divided into two parts . 
 the first eight follow their own rhyme scheme , meaning that in each four lines , the first one rhymes with the fourth , while the second with the third . 
 the remaining sestet uses a regular rhyme scheme -- the first line rhymes with the third and the fifth , whereas the second -- with the fourth and the sixth . ' 
 ` excellent ! 
 only its author is not petrarch , ' the professor said . 
 ` that 's does not apply here . 
 rather , this particular sonnet relates the sinful crimes committed by a single man . 
 his name is balthasar cossa and this is the story of his life . ' 
 chapter i with his soul turned away from god , and mind yielded to profane learning ; federico monticelli removed the black cowl covering his head . 
 underneath the thick woolen cloth there spread long tar-black hair . 
 against it , his pale complexion gave him a ghostly look . 
 his dark eyes , sunken in their shadowy sockets , were fixed on the doorway of the old one-storey building before him . 
 dreadful chants accompanied by piercing screams echoed within the stone walls . 
 but monticelli 's face showed no trace of fear of these disturbing noises . 
 on the contrary , a smug smile formed under his prominent aquiline nose . 
 federico monticelli descended from a centuries-old family of servants devoted to the throne of saint peter and its powerful church . 
 the patriarch of the monticellis had been a bishop of the holy city of antioch , after its reconquest by the papal forces during the first crusade in 1098 . 
 the last four of federico 's forefathers had been respected persecutors of the holy inqusition . 
 and federico had followed in their footsteps . 
 tonight , he was engaged in his favourite professional duty : the hunt for heretics . 
 he turned towards the dozen soldiers lined behind him , waiting for his orders under cover of the night . 
 they were heavily armed - some of them with fauchards , the rest with short swords . 
 all wore steel breastplates over their tunics . 
 their faces , illuminated by their torches , revealed the same determination as their leader 's . 
 federico gave the soldiers a sign by nodding his head . 
 then he entered the building with half of them following him silently . 
 the rest scattered around , surrounding the place on all sides . 
 monticelli and his men advanced stealthily along a wide corridor , illuminating their way with the torches . 
 at its end they came upon an opening leading to a room . 
 as he reached the threshold , federico made a sign to his companions to halt . 
 keeping his body pressed close against the wall by the edge of the door , he cautiously took a look inside . 
 the room was more spacious than he had imagined . 
 its walls matched their appearance on the outside -- bare , gray masonry ; the floor was tiled with irregularly shaped slabs of stone . 
 piles of hay lay stacked in heaps in the corners , suggesting the building was commonly used as a cattle-shed . 
 but what federico had come for was the scene taking place at the far end of the room . 
 a group of people were standing around a rectangular stone table resembling an altar . 
 one of them , whose silhouette gave away the slender physique of a woman , stood above a motionless body lying on the table . 
 she was dressed in a white robe , her head covered by a cowl in the same colour . 
 seven other figures were sitting in chairs arranged in a semi-circle around the woman , staring at her and at the body before her . 
 they were wearing mantles like hers , only theirs were black . 
 the whole place was gloomy , illuminated only by the four candles placed in each corner of the table . 
 their flickering flames cast light upon the improvised altar , so that they made the face of the body look as if it were wincing from time to time , creating the impression that it might still be alive . 
 the woman was holding what looked like a chalice and was slowly pouring its contents on the chest of the body , making slow circles with her hand . 
 while performing these gestures , she sang drawlingly a song in an unfamiliar tongue , pitching her voice high to nearly screaming at times . 
 as they watched the ritual , the people in the chairs kept chanting in a low-voiced chorus . 
 federico was watching the scene quietly . 
 he had spent months trying to find out where these heretics held their pagan gatherings . 
 in the meantime , he had learnt a lot about this small society , whose leader was the woman in white . 
 they worshipped ancient gods and , as rumor had it , carried out animal sacrifices before statues of those gods . 
 had they reached the point of making a human sacrifice tonight ? 
 on monticelli 's waving , the soldiers rushed into the room . 
 mayhem followed . 
 shouts echoed between the walls . 
 the soldiers knocked some of the men down with the handles of their weapons and proceeded to tie their wrists . 
 one tried to resist the arrest and was pierced through the chest with a sword . 
 another one escaped with the woman in white through another opening in the wall opposite to where the soldiers had come in . 
 federico , however , was not worried -- his men lay in ambush outside , being ordered to kill any escapee on the spot . 
 when the commotion was over , the inquisitor walked into the room . 
 four men were standing with their caps removed , guarded by the soldiers . 
 they were all young and were glancing around with desperate expressions on their faces . 
 monticelli stepped over the corpse of their slain comrade and stood astride another one lying on the ground , heavily wounded . 
 federico cast a glance at the terrified men and spoke with a cold , even voice : ` you are all arrested on a charge of heresy . ' 
 he announced . 
 ` my men will take you to a place where you will be allowed to repent and meet face to face with god 's justice . ' 
 as if on his command , the soldiers pushed the four men back towards the door . 
 as soon as they 'd left , however , another soldier came in . 
 he was one of those supposed to be guarding on the outside . 
 he walked up to the inquisitor and spoke : ` signor monticelli , we met the two who tried to escape arrest . ' 
 he said . 
 ` we killed the man as he lunged at us with a knife . 
 but the woman managed to escape , while we were dealing with him . ' 
 federico looked in the soldier 's eyes . 
 his face twisted in a spiteful grimace . 
 he was about to speak something , but then he suddenly turned around and approached the stone table . 
 the body was still lying on its cold surface . 
 it was completely naked except for a stripe of cloth girt around the loins . 
 the inquisitor took the glove off his right hand . 
 he ran his fingers across the pale skin and stared at the white powder sticking onto them . 
 the whole body was covered with it . 
 federico thought it might not be dead , but lulled to sleep by some of the white-clad witch 's potions . 
 he checked the man 's nostrils for breathing . 
 there was none . 
 ` pile up the hay and the chairs around this table and set fire to them , ' he ordered the soldier who was still waiting a word from his commander . 
 monticelli pointed to the wounded heretic on the floor : ` throw him onto the pile , too . 
 he wo n't make it through the night , anyway . ' 
 then he walked out where his black horse was waiting for him , held by the reins by his servant . 
 the soldier called a fellow of his to help him carry out the orders of the inquisitor . 
 the two of them took hay from the corners of the room and piled it up by the stone table . 
 next they threw the chairs onto and around the haystack . 
 the unconscious man , whom monticelli had sentenced to death offhandedly , was placed flat on two of the chairs . 
 they grabbed the candles from the table and threw them onto the hay . 
 then they hastened to leave the shed , before it filled with smoke , running out on the heels of the others . 
 the stone surface was heating up beyond bearing , when the eyelids of the powdered body opened . 
 the dark eyes of the man glanced at the flames whose burning tongues his body had already tasted . 
 despite the painful tension in his lungs , for the heated air was no longer breathable , he managed to raise himself slowly up to a sitting position . 
 his limbs were tingling , so he had to suffer until his blood regained its circulation . 
 in a few seconds , as the flames grew too tall for him to be able to remain there any longer , he jumped off the table to his feet and ran through the curtain of black smoke . 
 he headed not towards the opening through which the soldiers had left , but for the opposite one -- the one through which they had come . 
 he was aware that they might still be outside , so he had to find a spot away from the smoke , but one where he would nevertheless remain unnoticed . 
 he reached the passage leading to the room he had just escaped from and where he could finally exhale . 
 the air there was fresh , for it was the other opening that drew the smoke . 
 inhaling and exhaling , he mustered up all his strength , trying to figure out a way back to the city . 
 he was a student of theology at the university of bologna . 
 he had just slipped the clutches of the holy inquisition by the skin of his teeth . 
 had he been caught , the fact that he was studying to be god 's servant , a clergyman , would have been sufficient reason for him to be tortured to death by this beast of a man -- federico monticelli . 
 the young man recalled the day he met the woman who , as he had heard from the soldier , had also managed to evade a certain death . 
 he had no regrets about following her to this abandoned place , nor about participating in her barbaric rituals . 
 he had fallen in love with the mysterious lady since the moment he had met her . 
 her name was yandra and her ominous invocations not only did not dishearten the infatuated student , but , on the contrary , fuelled his attraction to and desire for her further . 
 he took a short cut across the fields back to the city . 
 he needed to find some rag to drape his naked body in , not least because of the chill that made him shake like a leaf . 
 he had to be back at his boarding house before daybreak ; that is , before questions were raised about his absence . 
 the director rose from his chair , taking the tea-pot with him . 
 he refilled it with water and put it on a small portable hot-plate . 
 ` this right here i bought on my first day as director , twenty-two years ago ' , he said , as he turned the appliance on . 
 ` it takes half an hour just to boil some water on it . 
 however , i 'm not throwing it away . 
 besides , i see you 're cup is still full . ' 
 i was so consumed following his words , as he related the story of cossa 's first misdeed that i had forgotten about the tea he had offered me . 
 ` so , this man balthasar is a heretic ? ' 
 i asked , as i took a sip of the beverage . 
 the professor returned to his seat . 
 ` well , he gets himself involved in heresy , that 's for sure ' , he said . 
 ` but it is only one of the sins he commits . 
 the life he lives is in complete antagonism to the christian dogmas , as you will see for yourself , as we move on . ' 
 ` and is that why pope john xxiii writes this sonnet about his life ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` he stigmatized him and his deeds to teach people how not to live ? ' 
 ` perhaps you could explain it that way - ` , the director said and looked at me with same hint of mystery in both his eyes and words . 
 then , he added . 
 ` be patient , my boy . 
 the story of balthasar cossa has just begun to unveil before you . 
 i promise you that in the end , you will find this sonnet to be far more significant , than it seems to you now . ' 
 chapter ii succumbed to flesh 's sinful yearnings , heaven 's grace to embrace -- he did not . 
 the imposing two-storey villa faced a small , paved square a little way off the busiest marketplace in bologna . 
 it was one of the quietest nooks of the bustling town . 
 built in the early romanesque style , the snow-white building could not pass unnoticed even at night . 
 the splendour of its façade caught the eye even behind the row of cypresses in the garden before the steps leading to the main entrance . 
 a large tympanum with carved battle scenes was carried by two solid columns that protruded from the thick walls . 
 the latter framed the massive front door of the building . 
 four arched windows on each storey matched the ornate exterior of the structure . 
 this was the residence of baron flavio d’avenucci , one of the most influential men in bologna . 
 by the age of forty-six , d’avenucci had amassed a fortune through staunch loyalty to the pepolis -- the noble family ruling over the city . 
 his political orientation had also earned him fame and respect in bolognese society . 
 thus he had become a desired son-in-law by most public figures in bologna . 
 his unattractiveness and the coarseness of his manner were no longer repulsive to women , and still less to their fathers . 
 the prospect of getting their daughter married to a man so close to the pepolis was most tempting to the petty nobility . 
 thus baron d’avenucci had had the opportunity to make a choice and had recently married a young woman named bianca . 
 she was the youngest daughter of signor alberto domenichino -- a navy veteran from an old genoese family , who had served in the fleet of paganino doria in the famous victory over the venetians in the battle of sapienza . 
 it was the beautiful bianca who was now observing from the window of her bedroom the clamour down in the villa 's courtyard . 
 the sun had just set beyond the horizon in the west , leaving only a thin crimson stripe on the roofs of the nearby buildings . 
 a faint breeze had brought freshness , cooling the swelter of the july afternoon . 
 under the window , d’avenucci 's servants and valets were rushing to and fro , in preparation for the reception their master was giving that evening . 
 a large number of guests were expected to honour the baron 's invitation , so there was still a lot to be done in the short time left . 
 tables were being arranged both inside the villa and out in the yard , and every cranny of the place was being polished . 
 however , bianca was in no mood for socializing . 
 as a wife of a powerful aristocrat , she was obliged to be a public figure as well . 
 like most of the women with her background , she had no affections for her husband . 
 since adolescence , she had been brought up to be a loyal spouse of a man like d’avenucci . 
 her well-being , her family 's honour and prosperity apart , depended on her devotion to such a kind of life . 
 therefore , she could not help having to seek for true , albeit clandestine love and affection . 
 and bianca had found them , very recently . 
 a week ago , while promenading around the marketplace , she had met a tall , elegant man who had caught her attention with his manners . 
 how unlike the baron 's ! 
 they had exchanged glances for what had seemed to her eternity . 
 he looked to be about her age , his dark eyes and short , curly hair the colour of a raven . 
 and although she had thought that he possibly could give her the love she craved for , she had turned around and headed back home confused , for she had never before tried to attract a man . 
 nor had she had the courage do so then . 
 bianca had hastened to get back to her secluded chamber and weep over her loneliness . 
 that is why she had not noticed that the charming man was following her . 
 she had only found out on the following day . 
 going out for her habitual promenade , she had found the young man waiting in front of her house , a red rose in hand , dressed in a splendid black-velvet vest over a dark-green shirt -- the colour of love . 
 the outfit bespoke a hint of nobility which matched his fine air . 
 initially , she had ignored him , but he had kept coming back every day over the following week . 
 once they had even spoken briefly . 
 later , he had accompanied her for an hour . 
 and still later , he had inquired whether he could pay her a visit . 
 ` what a nerve ' she had answered . 
 ` i am a married woman ! ' 
 ` and i am a man in love ! ' 
 he had replied . 
 she had turned away and run back to the villa . 
 she had been feeling ashamed of herself ever since . 
 she did n't even know his name . 
 he had not introduced himself , nor had she asked about it . 
 the only thing she knew was that she did indeed want to have his love . 
 even if only once . 
 a knock on the door of her bedroom interrupted her fancies . 
 ` come in ' , she answered . 
 the door opened and d’avenucci 's face appeared . 
 he spread what he believed to be his charming smile . 
 ` dear bianca , are you getting ready for the evening ? ' 
 he asked with a childlike sing-song intonation . 
 he was twice her age and thought that treating her like a little girl would break the ice between them . 
 she hated that . 
 ` i was just about to ' , she said . 
 ` i 'll be ready in time , i promise . ' 
 ` surely you will put on the dress i brought you from genoa last week ? ' 
 ` i will . ' 
 she acquiesced , forcing a smile meant to conceal her gloomy mood . 
 the reception had gathered many of the most influential figures in bologna -- all of them with a noble title or of high clerical dignity . 
 there were also merchants from other cities , who happened to be around on that day , as well as respected mentors from the university . 
 no invitations had been sent in advance . 
 by now baron d’avenucci 's receptions were very popular and figured high on the agenda of the city 's high life . 
 everyone was welcome , as long as they had a title , or was a prominent person , or else was able to donate a significant sum to the city council , whose most recent member was d’avenucci . 
 the baron and his wife descended the inner staircase to the entrance hall . 
 the couple drew the attention of the guests with their magnificent apparel . 
 bianca wore a long crimson dress with funnel sleeves . 
 a white-pearls necklace adorned her delicate neck . 
 her husband was dressed in a florid doublet , the colour of his wife 's dress , golden embroidery covering his chest . 
 a heavy chain indicating his high rank hung around his thick neck , while a broad-brimmed , flat cap concealed his bald head , slightly tilted over his forehead . 
 the hosts were met with polite nods and raised glasses filled with wine . 
 d’avenucci immediately set about bragging about the source of the precious liquid . 
 ` it is from the vines of my cousin , the duke of pavia ! ' 
 bianca stood by his side , as she was supposed to throughout the evening , conversing with the wives of the baron 's guests . 
 a man in scarlet garments made his way towards the hosting couple and saluted d’avenucci . 
 ` it is my honour to welcome you at my home , monsignor ' , the baron answered . 
 the honourable guest was cardinal giovanni savelli , the bishop of bologna . 
 he was also the rector of the university . 
 after exchanging a few words in a highly polite manner with d’avenucci , the cardinal waved to a young man , standing by the front door . 
 the latter understood savelli 's sign and approached with a slow , but elegant gait . 
 he smiled at the host and extended his hand . 
 the cardinal introduced him to the baron . 
 ` signor d’avenucci , i would like to introduce to you one of the most diligent among my neophytes . ' 
 he said . 
 ` his name is balthasar cossa and his father is the baron of ischia , a remarkable person of an age-old family . ' 
 as d’avenucci listened to savelli 's praises for the young man and his origins , bianca turned to see her husband 's new acquaintances . 
 when she met the face of the young student , she was rooted to the spot . 
 the short black ringlets of his hair , the deep dark eyes , and the captivating smile were impossible to mistake . 
 she was looking at her nameless admirer . 
 balthasar gave away no trace of recognition . 
 he remained indifferent to the glances they exchanged . 
 for the rest of the evening , he ignored the woman , as if he had just met her for the first time . 
 while bianca was nervously following her husband among the guests , cossa was enjoying small talks with the people cardinal savelli introduced him to . 
 the young woman felt devastated . 
 she was glad that balthazar had kept his calm , but at the same time she was yearning for his attention . 
 she was secretly hoping that he would choose an opportune moment to speak to her . 
 but it was all in vain . 
 the reason why balthasar did not try to engage her in conversation was that he was stalking someone else . 
 as he walked around with the cardinal , exchanging pleasantries with the other guests , he kept both his eyes and his mind on the host . 
 he was following each movement of the baron , trying to maintain a short distance between him and d’avenucci . 
 what balthasar himself did not notice was that while he was stalking the baron , someone else , besides bianca , was watching him closely . 
 after a long discussion with one of the guests , d’avenucci excused himself and headed towards the exit to the courtyard . 
 he left his half-full goblet of wine on a table near the door and beckoned to the cardinal to accompany him outside . 
 it was the moment balthasar had been awaiting all evening . 
 he stole up to the side table , looked around to make sure nobody was watching him and poured the content of a small phial into the baron 's wine . 
 as he made to rejoin the company , a hand grabbed his right arm . 
 balthasar turned his face showing only the slightest look of surprise . 
 but his alarm flared out no sooner than his gaze met the cold , sunken eyes of federico monticelli . 
 the inquisitor was staring quizzically at the young student . 
 ` excuse me for disturbing you , ' monticelli said , ` but i was wondering if we have met before ? ' 
 ` i can not recall such occurrence , signor . ' 
 balthasar answered . 
 ` but i believe i have heard of you . 
 are n't you signor monticelli , the head of the holy inquisition in bologna ? ' 
 ` indeed , i am ' , monticelli said with his deep , even voice . 
 ` and may i ask you for your name ? ' 
 ` my name is balthasar cossa , signor , and i am a student of theology at the university . 
 cardinal savelli , who is one of my mentors , invited me to accompany him at this reception . ' 
 ` i see ' , monticelli murmured . 
 ` once again , i am sorry to have bothered you , but i was sure your face had rung a bell . 
 do enjoy the evening , signor cossa . ' 
 as the inquisitor drew back , balthasar gave a furtive sigh of relief , before mixing into the crowd . 
 later that night , bianca was lying in her bed next to her husband who was already asleep . 
 although she felt tired after the reception , the eagerly expected slumber still eluded her . 
 she had not been able to bring herself to stop thinking over balthasar 's behaviour throughout the evening . 
 why had he avoided her all the time ? 
 why had he not uttered a single word ? 
 she felt desperate , as if all the hope she had harboured the last few days had evaporated . 
 suddenly , her attention was drawn by a rustle through the window that she had left open , so that cool air may enter the room . 
 she darted a frightened look . 
 a dark silhouette of a man appeared in the window frame . 
 ` oh , god , who are you ? ' 
 bianca tried to shout , but her fright choked her words to a constrained groan . 
 ` signora d’avenucci ' , the figure said in a calm voice . 
 ` please , do not be scared . ' 
 bianca watched in silent disbelief , as the figure stepped into the room . 
 was she dreaming ? 
 from the words the man spoke , she could recognize the voice she had kept recalling over the past week . 
 only tonight had she added a name to the coveted person . 
 now , he was in her room -- balthasar cossa . 
 a shiver of anxiety got the better of her surprise . 
 ` are you insane ? ' 
 she whispered . 
 ` my husband will wake up and then you 'll be in great trouble . 
 he might even kill you . ' 
 ` your husband wo n't wake up earlier than tomorrow noon ' , balthasar reassured her , now standing in front of her . 
 ` i poured some soporific into his wine . 
 he will sleep like a log . ' 
 bianca noticed his lips curl into a charming smile . 
 ` why are you here ? ' 
 she asked , jumping out of her bed . 
 ` to see you , signora -- just as i have promised . ' 
 ` you must leave . 
 you should not be in my bedroom . ' 
 bianca tried to send him away , but the words did not come out as firmly as she intended . 
 ` maybe i should not . 
 but it was the only way to spend some time with you ' , he said and stood so close to her that she could smell his scent . 
 ` do you really want me to leave ? ' 
 she stared in his eyes which looked bottomless in the dark . 
 she made to say something , but could not . 
 she felt arousal gain the upper hand . 
 she realized that what was happening was exactly what she had yearned for in the past few days . 
 balthasar gently wrapped his hands around her slender waist . 
 his touch sent a shudder running through her whole body . 
 he kissed her . 
 breathless from all the excitement she felt , she surrendered any resistance and pressed herself against him . 
 he released her from her nightdress and started kissing her naked breasts . 
 then he laid her on the bed , next to her husband , who was sleeping on its right side , with his back towards them . 
 the next moment their bodies were swaying in the rapture of their lustful sin . 
 the only thing that drowned their voluptuous moans was d’avenucci 's snoring . 
 later that night , balthasar climbed back down the tree through the window . 
 he jumped over the hedge surrounding d’avenucci 's villa and swiftly disappeared along the quiet street . 
 once he was no longer to be seen , a figure emerged from the shadows of the small square facing the villa . 
 federico monticelli glanced at the tree in front which cossa had climbed up and down within the last hour . 
 he turned around and walked away in an opposite to balthasar 's direction . 
 the director finished his narration and remained silent for a moment , deep in thought . 
 i was so fascinated with the story that i was startled by the sudden pause . 
 ` and what happens next ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` the inquisitor tells bianca 's husband about what he saw ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he answered . 
 ` but on the very next day he goes straight to alberto domenichino -- bianca 's father . 
 he tells him about balthasar 's visit and the probable consequences to his family 's relations with d’avenucci . 
 then he offers domenichino to take care of the young lover and thus save both his reputation and finances . 
 the old navy man agrees . 
 luckily for balthasar , domenichino 's maid who is one of cossa 's many mistresses overhears her master 's conversation with monticelli and warns balthasar . 
 the young man has no other choice -- apparently the inquisitor has remembered his face from that night in the cattle-shed and is suspecting him of having connections with the woman in white . 
 and connected they are -- she is his dearest mistress . ' 
 ` hah , it seems that balthasar is a rather lustful character ' , i commented . 
 ` indeed , ' the professor agreed . 
 ` lust is one of his natural vices , the one he displays most readily . 
 and although it almost costs him his life , and on more than one occasion , he never quite gives up his love for women . ' 
 ` and where does he go after learning that monticelli is after him ? ' 
 i reminded the director . 
 ` well , he takes yandra -- his heretical girlfriend -- whom he aids and abets , and the two of them gain the only possible safe haven left . 
 balthasar has three elder brothers , who own a small fleet attacking cargo ships as well as villages along the italian and african coastlines . 
 in other words -- they are pirates . 
 and balthasar joins them . ' 
 ` a theology student turns pirate ? ' 
 i was beginning to suspect that the professor was inventing . 
 ` listen carefully , as the story unravels ! ' 
 he went on . 
 ` nothing in the life of balthasar cossa is left undone . 
 his studies at the university of bologna serve him well in the years after he gives up scouring the seas and the lands . 
 but let us not get ahead of ourselves ! 
 we now come to the next episode of cossa 's life -- the piracy . ' 
 chapter iii his path of life -- by the devil wrought : in his wake -- death and ruins burning ; the majestueuse was floating gracefully on the quiet waters off the sardinian shores . 
 mild wind filled out the sails of the large three-mast galley as it entered the strait of bonifacio between the islands of sardinia and corsica . 
 rather than looming larger upon the approach of the vessel , the coasts appeared to be receding to the eyes of the crew , for a thick fog had swathed the strait . 
 now the men had gathered on the main-deck , desperately straining their eyes to pierce through the impenetrable gray curtain . 
 on the aft-deck stood the stout figure of the captain -- pierre grimoard -- barking commands to the helmsman , his eyes set on the leaden world to the fore of the ship . 
 the general tension had got the better of him , too . 
 in his mind , he was cursing their bad luck . 
 they had had to lift anchor from the port of marseille early the previous day . 
 pierre himself had chosen the time of departure , being well aware of the peculiarities of the route . 
 the majestueuse was supposed to reach the strait of bonifacio by dusk , before the fog -- so typical of the place -- settled over the treacherous passage . 
 but his precautions had proven futile , for another factor -- much weightier than his authority -- had postponed the departure with a few hours . 
 hence the crew had found themselves struggling to pick their way through the narrows between sardinia and the maddalena islands . 
 the latter islands were three bits of land off the north-eastern coast of sardinia . 
 the waters separating them from the large island were shallow , but sheltered from the roughness of the strait . 
 normally , the depth would have been a problem for the large galley , so pierre would never have chosen this route . 
 but , unlike during its usual voyages , when it carried loads of precious cargo , this time the majestueuse was empty and therefore light , but for a very important passenger , accompanied by his guards . 
 pierre did not know who the man was , for he had boarded the vessel in secret , wrapped in a hooded mantle . 
 the captain had been ordered to carry out the transportation through a letter by the count of provence himself . 
 the name of the passenger had not been mentioned , only that he had to be shipped to naples . 
 pierre had known better than to inquire about him -- the promised payment was enough information for him . 
 ` larboard ! ' 
 a shout from the crew split the silence , startling pierre . 
 ` there was something in the fog , did you see it ? ' 
 it was one of the sailors raising the alarm , drawing everyone 's attention to the railing on the left of the deck . 
 the captain tried to penetrate the grayish curtain to no avail . 
 the fog stood still . 
 the leaden water of the strait was motionless , only slightly stirred by the galley 's prominent hull . 
 pierre flipped his gaze back to the fore of the ship . 
 the silhouettes of rocks could hardly be made out against the mist , wrapping the shoreline . 
 ` two rudders to larboard , then steady as she goes ! ' 
 he ordered the helmsman . 
 as the galley began turning slowly , another cry came from the crew on the deck , this time followed by agitated clamour among the men : ` it 's a ship ! 
 captain , she 's heading towards us ! ' 
 pierre saw a bow , then a whole galley , just a bit smaller than the majestueuse , tearing the fog apart and heading straight towards them . 
 by instinct , he made to shout an order to the helmsman , but it was too late -- the heavy bronze-plated bow struck the side of the majestueuse with a thunderous crack . 
 splinters of wood went flying in all directions . 
 the men on the ship were sent down to the board by the sheer force of the impact . 
 pierre reeled , managed to clutch at the rail of the aft-deck . 
 once stable , he began examining the damage the crash had inflicted on his ship . 
 the larboard was shattered . 
 luckily , it was the upper section that had taken the blow and the bow of the other galley had not wedged into it , causing the majestueuse to drift slightly off course . 
 as it slowly moved round the other ship 's side , pierre walked to the left section of the stern to take a closer look at its deck . 
 nobody was to be seen aboard . 
 loose sails and ropes hung all over from the masts above . 
 apart from their waving in the gentle breeze , not a single motion stirred the stagnation on board the vessel . 
 a ghost ship . 
 the confusion and alarm among the crew having subsided , the men had once again gathered by the larboard . 
 they were glancing curiously at the intruder , muffled whispers revealing their unrest . 
 ` throw the hooks over the railings , lads , ' pierre shouted to them . 
 ` pull her near , so that we can examine this lady in distress ! ' 
 a husky man stepped in front of the other sailors . 
 although looking tough , he spoke with the shyness of a boy . 
 ` is it reasonable , captain ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` she looks like a drifting tomb to me . 
 she is either abandoned by its crew and there is nothing on board , or she is carrying the dead bodies of her men . ' 
 nods and whispers of agreement came from among the other sailors . 
 pierre grimoard had spent enough time among the likes of them and was only too familiar with the superstition of seamen . 
 but he was a captain and it was a question of honour and duty not to turn his back on fellow sailors in trouble . 
 ` do as you 're told ' , he ordered again . 
 ` stay here , if you will . 
 i will go and find out myself the plight of that ship . ' 
 the crewmen did not seem any the happier , but rolled up their sleeves and brought out the long thick ropes with solid iron hooks attached at one end . 
 with no further ado , the galley in distress was pulled parallel with the majestueuse , so that the larboards of both ships leaned against one another . 
 as they touched , a fiendish howl split the silence hanging heavy over the waters , coming from the aft section of the deserted ship . 
 it sounded as if from a hunter 's horn , only deeper , louder and fearsome . 
 terror-stricken , the sailors aboard the majestueuse dropped the ropes and stepped back from the portside . 
 ` this is a devil 's ship , ' one of them cried out . 
 ` cut the ropes , damn it ! 
 cut ’em , men , or our souls will join her drifting in the fog ! ' 
 but it was too late . 
 as the howl of the horn faded away , another one , mightier , followed -- a war-cry coming from dozens of men . 
 the sails covering the ghost-ship 's deck were swept aside ; the doors of the aft-castle opened . 
 from all directions men streamed out of their hiding places onto the deck and over the railings , pouring over the majestueuse and its bewildered crew . 
 pierre grimoard watched the attack from the aft-deck in total disbelief . 
 this was no galley in distress . 
 it was an ambush -- and a cunning one to boot . 
 sea-robbers lurking in the fog -- scores of them were now onboard his ship . 
 he had not even had a chance to react , to shout any command to his men . 
 he unsheathed his saber , as he saw two of the pirates climbing the stairs towards him , each of them clutching a small axe . 
 pierre made a short step back with his right foot , ready to lunge a deadly blow . 
 the first man rushed to him with a bestial roar . 
 pierre swiftly swung on his left foot and dodged the coup . 
 the pirate could not help stooping , under his impetus . 
 without hesitating for a second , pierre brought his saber down onto the man 's back . 
 muffled crack and the desperate cry of the slain were heard as steel met with spine . 
 pierre lifted his weapon , turning to face his other attacker . 
 too late -- all that the captain saw was the heavy blade of the small axe flying towards his head . 
 darkness covered his sight -- his scull had been split . 
 balthasar cossa could hardly breathe in . 
 his body was spinning around the deck of the assaulted ship . 
 the short sword in his right hand slashed flesh and bone with each swing , while the stiletto in his left penetrated bodies all around . 
 he was involved in a murderous dance , bringing death to every poor soul that happened to stand in his way . 
 balthasar had been expecting the collision with the large galley hidden under the staircase of the aft-deck of his ship . 
 a hunter 's horn in hand , he had been waiting for the fish to take the bait . 
 all had gone exactly according to his plan . 
 the scouts he had positioned on the cliffs at the northern coast of sardinia had come down to report they had spotted the three-mast hailing from provence . 
 the plan had taken shape in balthasar 's head as the fog had been slowly wrapping the strait of bonifacio , where his ship had been anchored . 
 it had looked like a shot in the dark , but he had been resolute enough to give it a try . 
 he had striven to excel , to go one better than his older brothers . 
 he had taken part in their raids , followed their lead long enough . 
 the time had come for him to become a leader . 
 the plan had worked out perfectly well . 
 balthasar 's galley had been directed towards the carefully advancing cargo ship with a surprising precision . 
 the whole crew had been patiently lying low , so that nobody be seen on deck , waiting for his signal . 
 the howl from the horn had had a terrifying effect -- it had sounded as if coming from the depths of hell , carried by and reverberating in the fog . 
 the provencal crew had been taken by surprise . 
 but the battle was yet to be won . 
 balthasar 's men were outnumbered and the slight advantage they had gained thanks to the sudden assault was quickly lost , as soon as the opposition seized their weapons . 
 balthasar had been among the first to jump over the railings and onboard the majestueuse . 
 now , he was in the midst of the panic-stricken sailors . 
 fortunately , there was someone to watch his back . 
 yandra had followed him into the fight , dressed in the same way as the other pirates -- in tight woolen pants and a white shirt with a leather jerkin over it . 
 her long black hair was neatly tucked under a black kerchief . 
 she clutched a saber in one hand and a small battle axe in the other . 
 the instrument was very common among pirates -- a useful tool when at sea and extremely efficient in fight . 
 the skirmish did not last long . 
 the pirates had caught the provencal crew off guard . 
 by now most of them were lying sprawled on the deck -- either killed or heavily wounded . 
 others had surrendered and were being tied up to the railings . 
 as he watched the dread on their faces , balthasar had thought that the killed sailors would give up fighting , once his men had assaulted the ship . 
 but pirates were not a diplomatic breed . 
 once there was precious loot at stake , they turned into rapacious beasts . 
 ` captain cossa , ' he heard someone calling him . 
 he turned towards the forecastle of the galley . 
 one of his men stood over the trap-door leading to the lower decks , where the cargo was usually stored . 
 the man was trying to suppress a shock . 
 ` there is nothing down there , captain ! ' 
 ` nothing ? ' 
 balthasar almost yelled at him . 
 ` what do you mean , there is nothing ? ' 
 he paced to the trap-door and kneeled over it to take a look inside . 
 another two of his men were in the store-room , holding torches to illuminate the place . 
 it was completely void . 
 balthasar stood back up , giving away a loud curse . 
 ` this does not make any sense ! ' 
 he said more to himself than to the others . 
 ` why would a ship like this travel these waters empty ? 
 why not wait for the fog to clear away rather than run a risk in the strait , if not in a hurry ? ' 
 as he was speaking , pacing around the deck , the door of the aft castle of the galley opened . 
 a soldier came out slowly , cautiously . 
 two of the pirates rushed towards him . 
 the soldier extended his hand and threw a fauchard down at his feet . 
 ` stop ! ' 
 balthasar commanded . 
 his men stopped dead in their tracks . 
 a man stepped out of the door behind the soldier , with another two guards in train . 
 he cut an odd , stumped figure , among the soldiers in plain blue-and-white surcoats . 
 their keep wore a long brown mantle revealing exquisite garments underneath . 
 a golden crucifix hung on his neck against a red coat , richly embroidered with gold-lace . 
 the man stood in front of the soldiers , observing the carnage on the deck . 
 he appeared to be in his early fifties , but had the grace of a youth . 
 dozens of eyes were riveted on him , as if they were watching the resurrected christ walking out of his sepulcher . 
 his blue eyes , hidden under the bulge of a wrinkled forehead , fixed on balthasar -- the only man onboard who looked as determined as him . 
 then he spoke softly : ` are you looking for cargo , captain ? ' 
 his question bore a hint of irony , his voice -- self-confident . 
 then , the man spread his hands to reveal even more of the splendour of his apparel . 
 ` if so , i suppose that you are looking for me ! ' 
 ` and who are you ? ' 
 balthasar asked , still rooted to the spot in bewilderment . 
 the answer came soft-spoken : ` i am the pope . ' 
 ` the pope ? ' 
 i asked the professor , puzzled . 
 ` is that pope john xxiii , the author of the sonnet ? ' 
 ` no , ' replied the director , ` this is one of his predecessors -- boniface ix . 
 you see , at the end of the fourteenth century , the popes leave rome , where strong opposition has been building up against them , and move to avignon , in the county of provence . 
 pope gregory xi is the first to return to rome in 1377 . 
 however , popes continue to be elected in avignon , which leads to the so-called western schism - one pope enthroned in the vatican and another in the palais des papes in avignon , both claiming to be the rightful pontiff . ' 
 ` and what was pope boniface doing on board that ship sailing from provence ? ' 
 i asked , trying to fit this episode in the story implicating balthasar cossa , pope john xxiii , and the sonnet i had come across by chance . 
 ` when balthasar and his men ambush the provencal galley in the strait of bonifacio -- mind the coincidence of names ! 
 -- boniface is returning from a secret meeting . 
 he travels to provence in secret , and so he intends to return thence . 
 he meets with the count of provence , probably in an attempt to gain his support against his rival the pope in avignon . ' 
 ` and what happens next aboard the ship commandeered by cossa ? ' 
 ` well , ' the professor sighed , ` history is silent about it . 
 all that is known for sure is that boniface returns to rome . 
 it appears that he manages to strike a bargain with balthasar over his release and transportation to italy . ' 
 ` in exchange for what ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` in exchange for a promise to grant him a clerical dignity -- this i am certain about . 
 he offered him to put down the saber and return to land as a servant of god . ' 
 ` and balthasar accepts ? ' 
 i could not believe such a turn in the story . 
 ` do you know what the name of balthasar means ? ' 
 the director answered with a surprising question . 
 i did not . 
 ` it comes from the name of the ancient phoenician god ba’al and its literal meaning is ` god protect the king . ' 
 it may also be translated as ` god protect the priest , ' for in ancient societies kings are also the high priests of their subjects . 
 as i have already said , nothing in the life of balthasar cossa is left undone . 
 have you forgotten what he is a student of back in bologna ? ' 
 ` how appropriate that is . ' 
 i agreed . 
 this story sounded like a folklore tale where nothing happens by chance , i mused . 
 still , i did not doubt the truthfulness of the director 's narration . 
 the professor went on : ` yes , he must have accepted the offer . 
 but he does not instantly give up piracy . 
 he will have taken the promise of the corrupt pope with a pinch of salt . 
 if one is to survive , let alone rise in the depraved world of the clergy , one needs to have solid wealth in hand . 
 that is why he sets sail for one last bold venture . ' 
 chapter vi from his heart all sanctity spurning : not lead by god -- by the devil caught . 
 the small town of amalfi descended the steep slope of a mountain all the way down to the azure linen of the sea . 
 for centuries since the formation of the settlement , its dwellers had lived in unity , enjoying independence of the rest of the country . 
 monks of the monastery , perched on top of a cliff above the houses , came to the town market daily to exchange herbs , fruits , and pottery they had made for other goods . 
 fishermen , whose boats plied the small bay , supplied the town with fish and oysters . 
 on a cool morning , an elderly fisherman who had risen before dawn was walking down the pier to prepare his boat for the day at sea . 
 the air was carrying the scent of the early-morning coast . 
 the rocks lining the shoreline were covered with seaweed , washed out by the nocturnal tide . 
 the surface of the water was flat as a mirror , not a single wave disturbed its peace . 
 the old man was uncoiling the boat 's ropes from the moor , when something on the horizon attracted his attention . 
 he stared intently at the line where the sea met with the still dark sky . 
 at first he could distinguish very vaguely , but in a few seconds , his eyes getting used to the distant gloom , the silhouette of a ship outlined itself at the mouth of the bay . 
 suspicion arose in the fisherman 's mind . 
 he scanned the bay and spotted another ship further to the north . 
 no boats were visible but following the shoreline northwards , he suddenly exclaimed with surprise . 
 more than a dozen boats were rocking on the water , a mile away from the tiny wharf . 
 there was no trace of movement around them , but even as the fisherman was staring in dismay , he heard shouts of alarm behind his back . 
 from where the town was . 
 the monks in the old monastery built on the cliffs above amalfi had just left the church after the morning mass . 
 they had heard the clamour at the port below , and had gathered in the inner courtyard , anxious about its cause . 
 suddenly , a man rushed in through the front gate of the monastery . 
 he stopped to regain his breath in the middle of the yard . 
 everybody recognized roberto -- the hermit who lived in a wooden shed in the mountain , who was in the habit of gathering mushrooms and herbs and of exchanging them for bread and milk at the market . 
 he was always welcome in the monastery , but now the monks felt uneasy about his presence . 
 ` what brings you here , roberto ? ' 
 abbot pietro , the head of the monastery , asked . 
 ` what trouble has stirred your peace ? ' 
 ` pirates , father ! ' 
 the man spoke loudly , the words bursting out of his chest . 
 ` pirates have attacked the town . 
 i saw them from the hills . 
 there 's panic among the townsfolk . 
 the pirates are sacking their houses . 
 they will soon be here , too . ' 
 ` calm down , roberto . ' 
 father pietro put his hand on the hermit 's shoulder , trying to soothe him . 
 ` pirates they might be , but they would n't dare come in here with blood on their hands . 
 pirates are a superstitious lot , and although they believe in heretic creatures and even extol the devil himself , they nevertheless fear god 's justice . ' 
 in the small town , below the monastery havoc was wreaked . 
 barns were being set on fire ; houses were being rummaged by the savage men of the sea . 
 women and children were running down the streets screaming . 
 balthasar cossa , clad in a black shirt and leather pants , a black mantle fluttering on his back , was crossing the tidy square . 
 his dark eyes were scanning the turmoil around . 
 he passed by a wounded man lying on the pavement , staring in despair at a mad-eyed pirate who was raping a young woman , probably the man 's daughter . 
 several other local dwellers lay around either dead or bleeding . 
 balthasar headed towards the far end of the town , accompanied by a dozen of his men , including yandra -- his heretical mistress . 
 they reached a mansion erected at the foot of the mountain , where a narrow path began climbing towards the cliffs above . 
 as the pirates approached the building , a small party of men emerged from it . 
 they were led by a tall man in his late sixties , or so his long , wavy , silvery hair suggested . 
 he stood in front of balthasar , blocking his way , taking his measure . 
 a barely noticeable smile spread on the pirate 's face . 
 ` greetings , father ' , he said . 
 ` i was just coming home , but i did not expect to meet you on my way there . ' 
 ` and did n't it occur to you that the town you 've been sacking is a stone 's throw away from your homeland ? ' 
 balthasar 's father asked in a tone demanding explanation . 
 ` i had that feeling that i would meet you amidst this bloody plunder , but i am still surprised you could be that disgraceful ! ' 
 ` you do not seem happy to see your son , father ? ' 
 the young cossa parried the question affectedly . 
 ` for god 's sake , balthasar , are n't the shores of africa and europe enough to satiate your hunger for looting ? 
 last night i was guest to my dear friend rossi 's , the bailiff of this town , only to wake up to find you pillaging the place this morning ! 
 just across the bay from your home ! ' 
 ` the town is of no interest to me , father . 
 i left my men take a rest after the long voyage we 've had . 
 and it is exactly for god 's sake , and the sake of our family , that i 've come back here . 
 for i 've come not to steal , but to claim what rightfully belongs to the cossas . 
 namely , the monastery . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? 
 what has the monastery got to do with it ? ' 
 ` i think you know that only too well , father . ' 
 cossa shifted his eyes to the cliffs above . 
 ` four hundred years ago , our forefather tadius donated fifty pounds of gold to the monks . 
 they traveled round the region , raising money for the new church they were building inside . 
 tadius gave them the gold , in exchange of which he requested from the then-abbot to send one of the monks to ischia to be the island 's pastor , for there was none at the time . 
 the abbot pledged his word -- a promise he never kept . 
 that 's the story you used to tell me , when i was a little boy . 
 now , i 'm here to avenge our family , and restore the gold to its rightful owners . ' 
 ` you are mad , balthasar ' his father 's eyes flickered with anger . 
 ` this story is just a legend . 
 there had been rumours about the amount of gold tadius had donated , but no proof of it whatsoever . 
 he is said to have been a very pious man . 
 he donated gold because of his faith , willing that it be preserved in these lands . ' 
 ` and so he died before faith was brought to his homeland , ' balthasar kept his tone down , his words coming out firmly . 
 ` as for the gold , i have come to see for myself , father . 
 i met this man , giovanni , who had served in the monastery for years . 
 he says our family 's gold is everywhere to be seen inside the church . 
 it covers the altars , the apse , even the candlesticks are molded out of it . ' 
 as he spoke , his pupils widened . 
 his father recognized the flame of greed on his son 's face . 
 balthasar went on : ` one day giovanni managed to sneak into the monastery cellar . 
 usually locked , with only the abbot having a key , he somehow found an opportunity to follow the old man . 
 he swore to me he saw a chest full of gold -- old roman solidi -- the remnant of tadius 's donation , stashed there , used not for the righteous purpose . 
 giovanni was expelled from the monastery later that day for what he saw . ' 
 his father 's anger was growing into a fury : ` and you believe the words of some petty scoundrel ? ' 
 he yelled at balthasar . 
 ` you will dare profane the place out of greed ? ' 
 ` no , father , i seek justice for our family , ' balthasar replied . 
 ` even if it comes four centuries late . 
 i 'll see you at home , father . ' 
 balthasar waved to his companions and the group paced towards the dusty road , meandering uphill between the rocks . 
 in a little while the pirates reached the flat top of the cliff where the monastery stood . 
 they approached the entrance leading to the inner courtyard of the cloister silently and with caution . 
 ` do you think they might be armed ? ' 
 yandra asked balthasar . 
 he snorted at the suggestion and then added : ` these are not the inquisition , my dear . ' 
 yet he remained on his guard . 
 it proved to have been needless , for , as they stepped inside , they faced the monks huddled together in front of the church at the far end of the yard with abbot pietro at the head of the group . 
 balthasar realized their arrival had been anticipated . 
 however , he did not let this perplex him at all . 
 ` good day , father ' , he spoke aloud . 
 ` how is god doing with his faithful servants in this savage place ? ' 
 his words were followed by the laughter of his men . 
 the abbot did not seem to be offended by the outrageous blasphemy . 
 ` what do you want from us , signor ... ' he asked , waiting for the man in black apparel to introduce himself and explain the purpose of his intrusion . 
 ` captain balthasar cossa , ad limina apostolorum , ' the pirate answered , slightly bowing his head . 
 on the threshold of the apostles , the line in latin he added was usually used to suggest a visit to a place of worship , for example , before the pope in rome . 
 in a pirate 's mouth , however , it came more as ridicule . 
 ` i doubt it that you 've come here to seek god 's blessings , signor cossa , ' the abbot said . 
 confusion was growing in his mind . 
 how could a pirate speak those words in latin , typical of the clergy rather than of scoundrels of his kind ? 
 ` i have come here to seek justice for a misdeed done by a predecessor of yours , ' cossa answered , his mockery suddenly turning into accusation . 
 ` and what misdeed could a dead monk have done to you , could i ask ? ' 
 ` not to me , but to my entire kin , rather . 
 are you aware of how tadius cossa has contributed to this monastery ? ' 
 ` of course , i am aware of that , ' father pietro answered , still unaware of the pirates ' intentions . 
 ` tadius cossa 's name is carved on the eastern wall of the church , as it was his generosity that helped its building . ' 
 ` that is correct . ' 
 balthasar continued . 
 ` and it was the ingratitude of the monks in this cloister that stained my family 's honor . 
 now i am here to correct this injustice by claiming back the gold on behalf of my home . ' 
 the abbot was dumbfounded . 
 he knew only too well that no good would come out of arguing with a pirate . 
 ` i do not know what injustice you mean , but i will not let you desecrate this place . 
 have you got no fear of god ? ' 
 ` god has had many chances to punish me , ' balthasar answered with an audacious smile . 
 ` unlike him , however , i take mine when i get them . ' 
 then , he turned towards his men and ordered : ` shatter the doors to every room in the monastery and find the cellar ! ' 
 the pirates dispersed in all directions to search the building . 
 balthasar and yandra remained in the courtyard with the monks , still keeping behind the abbot , watching the raid in silent dismay . 
 none could muster the courage to vent his protest to those savages of pirates . 
 after a while , one of balthasar 's men came back to his leader . 
 ` captain cossa , we have searched the cellar out , ' he said . 
 by his fluster , balthasar understood that something was wrong . 
 ` have you found the gold ? ' 
 he snapped , making the pirate take a step back . 
 ` speak , guindaccio , where is it ? ' 
 ` there was nothing in the cellar apart from some stocked food and wine . 
 the door was not even locked . ' 
 balthasar closed his eyes in an attempt to contain the anger seething inside him . 
 he looked to the abbot and uttered threateningly : ` where have you hidden the gold , father ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` tell me before i have lost my patience ! ' 
 the abbot remained calm , an act of bravery , while the pirates ran back to their captain , empty-handed . 
 ` i have no idea what gold you are seeking in the cellar of our humble monastery . ' 
 he said . 
 ` all the gold your forefather tadius donated is built into the church , decorating this temple of god , according to tadius 's wish . ' 
 ` you are lying , ' balthasar spoke with contempt . 
 ` i spoke to a former lay brother of yours -- giovanni . 
 he swore to me he had seen the gold stashed in the cellar . 
 that is why you expelled him . ' 
 abbot pietro answered , this time more confidently : ` then he is the one lying to you , signor cossa . 
 giovanni was a thief , we found him sneaking into the cellar and stealing food . 
 that is the reason why he was banished from this place . ' 
 ` liar ! ' 
 balthasar cried and reached to unsheathe his sword . 
 yandra stopped him , placing her hands on his chest . 
 ` balthasar , do n't do this ! ' 
 she urged him . 
 ` ca n't you see he is telling the truth ? 
 i saw this man , giovanni ; there was nothing honest or trustworthy about him . 
 do n't do something you will regret all your life . ' 
 cossa released the grasp of his hand on the handle of his weapon . 
 he looked at yandra 's face for reassurance . 
 she was his guardian angel ; also his conscience , for his own had been lost years ago . 
 he moved his gaze to the abbot and the monks , then to the church behind them . 
 no , he was not going to leave empty-handed . 
 ` i still want my family 's gold back , ' he spoke below his breath . 
 he turned towards his men and gave them orders : ` take everything from the church that has gold on it -- everything ! ' 
 the pirates did not even look at each other . 
 they could recognize when their leader was enraged , so they knew better than to raise questions or objections . 
 the monks , on the other hand , had reached the point of desperation . 
 they lined in front of the church , blocking the intruders ' way . 
 abbot pietro tried to talk sense into cossa : ` have you got no conscience , signor ' , he asked . 
 ` call back your men before any blood is spilt on god 's land . ' 
 balthasar 's response to the old man 's appeal was to draw his sword and pace towards the monks . 
 he aimed a blow at one of them . 
 the weapon struck the man 's shoulder and he dropped on the ground . 
 the rest of the monks watched the scene in terror . 
 however , having fallen , their brother clutched his shoulder with his other hand . 
 he seemed to be in pain , but was not seriously wounded . 
 the strike had been with the flat side of balthasar 's sword . 
 ` next time i will draw blood ! ' 
 the pirates ' captain warned them . 
 meanwhile his men had entered the church . 
 clanks and rattles were coming from inside . 
 after a few minutes , the pirates came out one by one , each of them holding golden and gold-plated items -- candlesticks , ornaments from the apse , goblets , even the gold-laced altar cloth . 
 balthasar , who had been overseeing the whole operation silently , waved to his men to follow him , walking towards the gate leading out of the monastery . 
 father pietro and his monks watched the procession with pained expressions . 
 some of them were weeping . 
 father pietro could not help making a few steps in the wake of the looters , clenching his fists and shouting after them . 
 ` may this gold you now take away decorate the walls of your grave , balthasar cossa ! ' 
 the director looked at me while uttering the abbot 's words . 
 ` now , that is truly a sinful crime , if you ask me , ' was all i could say . 
 ` still , it 's not balthasar 's worst , ' the professor answered . 
 ` the gold he steals from the monastery is to help him achieve his ambitions , and they are not righteous , either , to say the least . 
 the irony is that after his death , balthasar cossa is buried in a tomb plated with sheets of gold , made by donatello himself . ' 
 ` the famous sculptor from florence ? ' 
 i could not conceal my disbelief . 
 ` well , i think you are the one writing a dissertation on the italian renaissance , are n't you ? ' 
 the director answered laughing . 
 ` how many donatellos do you know ? ' 
 my eyes moved onto the sonnet . 
 i read the corresponding lines aloud : for his faith he turned into mortal sin , he shall rest in his golden restraint . 
 ` his golden restraint , ' i muttered , and then asked , ` but how come a mere pirate became so important that one of the most significant artists of the renaissance decorates his tomb ? ' 
 ` you are well on your way to find out . 
 but let us first see what figures next in cossa 's agenda . 
 with enough riches at his disposal , he makes land and pays a visit to pope boniface -- you already know how they know each other . 
 boniface keeps his promise and grants balthasar an episcopal dignity or , in other words , balthasar cossa becomes the new bishop of bologna . 
 it sounds like fiction , but it is not . 
 you see , boniface is a man who can assess people -- he recognizes cossa 's makings and sends him to bologna for two reasons : first , this is the city balthasar prefers himself , and secondly , but more importantly , it is one of the major cities that is still reluctant to support boniface in his opposition to the avignon papacy . ' 
 ` and the pirates ' captain is supposed to win the desired support ? ' 
 i asked , this time with honest skepticism . 
 ` of course , he is . 
 the clerical intrigues at that time were played out by fair means or foul -- at times drawing more blood than wars . 
 is not a cut-throat the perfect choice for the job ? ' 
 ` alright , maybe he is . ' 
 i yielded to his arguments . 
 ` but what about the people in bologna -- as we know , cossa already has enemies there . ' 
 ` that is true , ' the director agreed . 
 ` however , with all the gold he has , along with the fact that he is the new bishop , people know better than to speak against him . 
 but the episcopal dignity is not the end of balthasar 's ambitions . 
 once he strengthens his position in the bolognese society , he considers the time has come for him to move further on . 
 he goes to florence to meet an old friend of his father 's -- the patriarch of a rising prosperous family . ' 
 the professor looked again at me . 
 he was urging me to guess . 
 ` the medici ? ' 
 that was my first thought . 
 ` that 's right , ' the director nodded . 
 ` giovanni di bicci de ' medici is a banker and therefore the wealthiest and most powerful man in florence . 
 he wants to expand his influence outside the city , especially to rome . 
 although he supports boniface , he understands the fragile situation in the vatican and wants to place a strong figure , faithful to him only , to promote his own interests in the papacy . 
 balthasar cossa appears to be the right man for the task . 
 he is determined , cunning , and financially backed by di bicci -- a candidate for the cardinal 's garb loyal to the house of medici . ' 
 i could not think of anything else to ask . 
 i eagerly expected the professor to continue his story of this depraved , yet remarkable man . 
 chapter v shadows his home , serpents -- his kin , with vice his glory is forever stain 'd . 
 the wide atrium of st. peter 's basilica resounded with the toll of the bells announcing the end of vespers . 
 it was holy thursday and the christian world celebrated the lord 's last supper . 
 all the basilicas in rome sang with the heavenly chorus of their belfries . 
 like any of them , st. peter was crowded both inside and all around . 
 with the last toll fading away , cardinal balthasar cossa left the basilica through a side door leading to a narrow alley out of the vatican . 
 at the end of the passage , surrounded by the solid structures of the papal domains , he emerged on the wide square in front of the basilica . 
 the place was also jammed with worshipers , gathered for the mass at the heart of christendom , where the holy father was lavishing his blessings on his flock . 
 thousands of candle-lights were flickering in the evening , creating a faerie scene in unison with fires burning on both sides of the gateway to the basilica . 
 `` and jesus said to peter : ` shepherd my sheep , '' ' balthasar thought , watching the crowd struggling to get closer to their holy shepherd and hear his sacred words . 
 he pushed his way through the crowd , his scarlet garments and the heavy golden crucifix hidden underneath his black cloak . 
 he was being jostled by the crowd , heading as he was against the current . 
 when he finally reached a quiet by-street , the tension inside him abated . 
 he was pacing slowly now , relaxed and reassured in the shadows of the buildings on both sides of him . 
 darkness had always been a source of comfort to balthasar . 
 he felt more self-confident under the cover of the night . 
 he despised the bustle and clamour of the day and crowds called forth a sense of insecurity in him . 
 even now , empowered by the cardinal dignity and being referred to as his eminence , balthasar only regained courage in the seclusion of darkness and in the anonymity of his cloak . 
 still , walking along the cobbled street , he felt unrest surging inside him . 
 he had been hiding in shadows for as long as he remembered -- always waiting for the night to fall , always stealing in stealth . 
 he was now a cardinal , and a powerful one at that , for he was a trustee of the pope himself and every important decision made in the vatican was first submitted to his approval . 
 yet every night he had to pick his way along secluded alleys like the one he was pacing now . 
 be it to visit one of the women he was fornicating with regularly , or to meet some of his informants , he always walked alone in the dangerous streets of the eternal city . 
 balthasar tried to chase his anxious thoughts away from his mind . 
 he had made his choices long ago and there was no turning back . 
 to him darkness had become a step-mother he had learnt to love and turn to when in need of protection . 
 truly , he wanted to step out in the light and confess his sins to the world -- no longer hiding , no longer walking in the gloom . 
 but balthasar had also learnt to be patient , knowing full well that if the desired end was to be achieved , darkness remained the staunchest of allies . 
 cardinal cossa reached the end of the silent alley . 
 at the back of a huge two-storey building a small single-horse carriage was waiting for him . 
 the lackey was sitting on the bench , holding the sturdy mare in place , so that the cardinal could settle himself comfortably in the seat . 
 once the eminent passenger was comfortable , the young man jerked the reins and the carriage set out towards the wide promenade along the tiber . 
 the turbulent waters of the river were running with a roar , producing foamy waves that contrasted with the black surface . 
 the seasonal heavy rains heralding the arrival of spring had awoken the power of the tiber . 
 there had been several floods in the past , causing the romans to fear the majestic river as much as they took pride in it . 
 the swift currents reminded balthasar of the last few years of his life . 
 they had passed in mad pursuit of his ambitions . 
 and things had gone well so far , in this wild race . 
 in just a few years he had climbed up the ecclesiastical ladder -- from a dubiously appointed bishop with a shady past to a powerful cardinal held in dread and respect by all . 
 the privileged start he owed to the late pope boniface and to the luck he had had capturing the ship carrying the pontiff off the sardinia . 
 but his way to rome afterwards had been far from easy . 
 during his spell in bologna , balthasar had not only been indulging the privileges his high position offered him . 
 he had taken full advantage of it and had gained formidable influence in and outside of his diocese . 
 it had provided him with precious new acquaintances with rich and powerful figures around the country . 
 relying on his father 's long-time friendship with the florentine banker giovanni di bicci -- the patriarch of the medici family -- cossa had had a solid backing which allowed him to aim even higher -- at the very vatican . 
 however , balthasar 's energetic ascent had also left a bitter taste to linger , mingled with the delight of success . 
 now , watching the tiber from on top his carriage , the cardinal came to think of the close people whom he had abandoned while pursuing his career . 
 ` just like the river leaves the mountains where its spring is , runs along villages , forests and leaves them too behind ... ' he thought . 
 thus , balthasar had turned his back on his family -- he had not seen them ever since his raid on amalfi . 
 he had used his father 's name to gain acceptance in the houses of nobles , most importantly of the medici 's , but he knew that he would never again be welcome at home . 
 he had broken off any contacts with his brothers -- still pirates , for associating them with balthasar 's now good name was undesirable . 
 but most of all he regretted leaving even yandra behind . 
 the only woman he had ever had deep feelings for had refused to move to rome with him . 
 she had talked sense into him , reminding him that following him might cost him dearly , given her heretical practices . 
 and there he was now -- alone in the dark hours of holy thursday , traveling in secret along the empty streets of rome . 
 once again balthasar had to try and chase away the melancholy from his mind . 
 he needed to concentrate on the matters at hand . 
 a sudden turn of events was a constant occurrence around him these days and he needed to act as swiftly as possible . 
 success was as close as downfall , and nothing short of all was at stake . 
 and he was well aware of how hard the rise to power is . 
 the huge financial support di bicci had provided had been sufficient for balthasar to acquire the cardinal dignity . 
 from this eminent vantage point , he had had the power to promote the interests of his benefactor , as the vatican 's political sway was just as unconditional as its otherworldly authority . 
 but balthasar cossa had been reluctant to content himself with that . 
 the vatican was the hub of political scheming and once he had secured his place there , he had determined to go all the way up to the top . 
 the episcopal dignity that he had been granted by boniface was no unwonted practice of the high clergy , as balthasar had discovered . 
 simony -- or trading with holy offices -- had quickly become an easy way for the pope , as well as for cardinals , to lay their hands on wealth . 
 and the holy see had much more to offer the cunning opportunist that the former cut-throats ' captain had become . 
 balthasar had entered the college of cardinals in times of trouble . 
 the successor of the late pope boniface ix -- innocent vii -- had been a weak pontiff who had not managed to survive the storm brewing within the vatican during his rule . 
 he had died two years following his election . 
 the current pope -- gregory xii -- had had the uneasy task of trying to keep the holy see together and to vindicate his authority in the eyes of his powerful opponent -- the avignon pope benedict xiii . 
 throughout the rule of the weak innocent , benedict had gained the loyalty of some vatican cardinals by means of bribery and promises of bounty . 
 as a result , an invisible struggle had been simmering between the supporters of gregory and the minions of avignon , who were trying to undermine his power . 
 balthasar had discerned the opportunity to expand his own influence within the vatican . 
 he had made public his strong support of gregory , thus gaining the pontiff 's trust and becoming one of his few confidants . 
 at the same time , cossa had been investing the wealth acquired through simony to build up a web of spies and informers , to keep one step ahead of the cardinals loyal to the palais des papes . 
 he had also counted on the cardinals supporting pope gregory . 
 balthasar had distinguished the likes of him among them -- the cunning and ambitious -- and had convened a secret council where they discussed the prospects of the papacy . 
 they had quickly discovered mutual profit , judging gregory 's incapability of repelling the deceptive influence the anti-pope of avignon exerted on him . 
 the papa luna , as benedict was often referred to in ecclesiastical circles , had let gregory believe in his willingness to renounce his claims to the papacy , once the roman pontiff did so . 
 but balthasar and his companions were aware of the unholy motive behind such false meekness . 
 it was one of the secret council 's meetings that cardinal cossa was heading towards tonight . 
 the carriage was following a route specified by his eminence beforehand -- through narrow streets he had presumed would be empty , the masses being held in the basilicas all over the city . 
 they had gone off course a few times -- when the lackey had spotted casual worshippers on their way back home earlier , or on the orders of his master , over-anxious about being followed . 
 finally , the carriage pulled out of the maze of narrow alleys onto the open square surrounding the coliseum , its wheels rattling on the flagstones . 
 it skirted round the ancient amphitheatre , both lackey and passenger indifferent to its sublimity , only to dive into another side-road . 
 shortly after it had left the great building behind , the carriage pulled up in front of a heavy wooden gate . 
 it was wide open , so the cardinal alighted briskly and entered a rectangular courtyard , surrounded by wooden arcades supporting a red-tiled roof . 
 the place was empty save for a couple of men clad in a similar way to balthasar -- dark cloaks covering their spare figures . 
 they kept themselves between two columns , supporting the whitewashed façade of basilica di san clemente . 
 the courtyard where cardinal cossa now stood was in fact the atrium to the basilica built in the late eleventh century . 
 balthasar walked towards the two men . 
 their faces were shadowed by their hoods , as was his , but once he approached , they removed them to make themselves known . 
 ` good evening , monsignor cossa , ' the cardinal was greeted by a hollow-cheeked man he knew by the name of tommaso manzoli -- the minister of san clemente . 
 ` the others are gathered downstairs awaiting your arrival . ' 
 he added . 
 ` do inform them that i am here and that i shall join them in a minute , ' balthasar commanded him in a peremptory tone . 
 once manzoli had disappeared obediently inside the basilica , he turned to the other man . 
 ` be welcome to the eternal city , brother . ' 
 ottaviano ottaviani , a patrician of florence , smiled under his prominent nose and embraced cossa . 
 he was a political activist highly recommended to balthasar by giovanni di bicci . 
 the two had got on rather well during the bishop 's stay in florence , so cossa had invited ottaviani to rome , considering him a useful addition to the council . 
 ` how did the mass go ? ' 
 balthasar asked . 
 ` it appears that manzoli has sent the congregation away earlier than expected . ' 
 ` there were not too many of them . ' 
 the patrician replied . 
 ` i guess most attended the liturgy at st. peter 's . ' 
 ` and in what spirits are the other brethren ? ' 
 ` they seem to be on edge . 
 those who arrived before the end of the mass could hardly wait for everyone to leave and slipped in right after . 
 your being late must have got on their nerves . ' 
 ` so much the better ' , balthasar smiled . 
 ` it would make them the more resolute . 
 let us join them , shall we ? ' 
 the two men entered the basilica . 
 the interior of the nave was decorated richly -- stained glass filled the narrow windows behind the marble columns of arcades . 
 the floor was inlaid in the cosmati style -- named after the roman dynasty of architects famous for their decorative church floors . 
 the apse above the episcopal seat was ornate with twelfth-century byzantine mosaics . 
 however , cardinal cossa and his companion paid little attention to this exquisite interior . 
 once inside , they stepped down narrow stairs descending steeply to a lower level of san clemente -- the remains of the ancient basilica . 
 the home of a roman nobleman of yore , it had been converted to a temple in the late fourth century and dedicated to pope clement i. balthasar and ottaviani found themselves in a narrow corridor leading to a small chamber . 
 manzoli was waiting for them on the threshold . 
 he bowed slightly and left for the stairs back to the basilica above . 
 the two men stepped inside . 
 a long wooden table stood in the middle of the room , surrounded by a dozen of crude wooden stools . 
 the latter were all occupied , save for two at the near end of the table . 
 the members of the council were looking at the late arrivals , their faces illuminated by the candle-light . 
 ` good evening , brothers , ' balthasar spoke in an even voice . 
 ` i beg you to forgive my delay . ' 
 ` good evening , brother balthasar , ' cossa was answered by a harsh-looking , stout man , his short grayish hair giving him a lordly air . 
 ` thanks be to god that you have not forgotten to join us tonight . ' 
 he added with a sardonic smile . 
 his name was ludovico bonito , archbishop of tarento , and like cossa , he also enjoyed the trust of the pope . 
 that was why he was the only one on the council who never refrained from criticizing balthasar . 
 balthasar gave bonito a curt nod , dismissing the caustic remark , though not without a hint of annoyance , and spoke again to all the men present : ` now that all of us are gathered together , let us begin our discussion , for before long our absence will raise questions in the vatican , especially at that late hour and on holy thursday . ' 
 cardinal cossa paused to meet the eyes set on him . 
 they gave away respect and expectation , save for ludovico bonito 's , who was watching bleakly the table before him . 
 balthasar went on . 
 ` you are all well aware of how complicated our circumstances have grown lately , ' he said . 
 ` pope gregory no longer listens to our reasoning . 
 his holiness believes a peaceful exodus from the schism is in sight , and it is exactly his peaceful disposition that renders him weak . 
 he has been disillusioned by that antichrist in avignon , while luna 's minions have been plotting to take over the vatican . ' 
 balthasar paused again to let the others ponder over his words and then added : ` unless we act with resolution , we might well witness the fall of our holy church . ' 
 ` cossa is right , ' the apostolic notary giacopo del torso broke the silence . 
 ` benedict 's suggestions that we should negotiate the end of the dissent by making mutual compromises might be to the liking of the pope , but it will cost him his head . 
 luna is greedy and insolent . 
 he will see gregory off and move in to rome , as if it were his birth right . ' 
 ` or even worse , ' balthasar added , ` he may disband the vatican and set the holy see in the palais des papes for good . ' 
 it was ludovico bonito 's turn to speak his mind . 
 ` gregory is disillusioned by benedict and his minions -- this you are right about . 
 the question is what we -- the enlightened ones on the matter -- should do , when our holy father no longer listens to us ? ' 
 ` yes , we can hardly talk sense into him . ' 
 cossa agreed grimly . 
 ` he is so obsessed with his diplomatic attitude towards avignon that he regards us -- his supporters -- with suspicion , while courting those mercenary traitors , paid by benedict to dethrone him . ' 
 ` indeed he is . ' 
 the words of consent came from monsignor bandello bandelli . 
 the bishop of rimini was a stumpy man with obtrusive manners , but a sharp mind . 
 ` the latest news is that gregory intends to put that pseudo cardinal philip de brion in charge of the treasury -- to refute benedict 's accusations of embezzlement . ' 
 ` yes , it is because a rumour reached him about funds being drawn out for some rogue council of cardinals , ' balthasar said brusquely , glancing around . 
 all of them looked down , except cardinal bonito . 
 ` then what do you suggest that we should do , brother cossa ? ' 
 the latter asked defiantly . 
 ` it seems to me , brothers , ' balthasar spoke resolutely , ` that we are in desperate need of action , for despair there is plenty about the present situation . ' 
 he paused to let his words take effect . 
 most of the others gave him sidelong looks , in silent anticipation . 
 ` pope gregory is our holy father , ' balthasar went on . 
 ` but it appears that we no longer are his beloved sons . 
 his acts and his yielding to luna 's deceit endanger our welfare , as well as the prosperity of our church . 
 therefore , i find it to be our duty to protect the holy see by eliminating its head , which is now turned to a fatal direction . ' 
 no one spoke -- all were looking at cossa deeply shocked . 
 even ludovico bonito 's confidence seemed shaken . 
 still , it was he who finally ventured an opinion : ` even if we come to agreement to act as you are suggesting , ' he began warily , ` the people might regard it as treason . 
 you know how sensitive they are about their pontiff and we might well provoke a revolt as a result . ' 
 ` do not worry about the people . ' 
 balthasar replied with contempt . 
 ` they do not worry benedict -- you can be sure about that . 
 did you not see them today -- on the steps in front of st. peter 's ? 
 they shall worship anyone who sits on the throne -- even if it is the devil himself . 
 if we act swiftly and have a new pope enthroned immediately after gregory is down , the people will celebrate , as they are wont , their new holy father , no matter how he is elected . ' 
 a sardonic grin appeared on his face and he added in latin : ` aures habent et non audient -- ears they do have , but hear they shall not . ' 
 bonito did not even attempt a retort . 
 the great cardinal was so dumbfounded by cossa that he was at a loss for words . 
 balthasar sensed he was the undisputed victor on that meeting . 
 ` if any of you has something to say , let him speak . ' 
 no one did . 
 then , cardinal cossa rose from his chair , followed by ottaviani . 
 ` therefore we shall act , ' he spoke grimly . 
 ` immediately after resurrection , you shall receive my notice of how we shall proceed . ' 
 a minute later , balthasar and his florentine companion were crossing the atrium of san clemente . 
 ` so has the matter been settled ? ' 
 ottaviani could hardly believe what he had just witnessed . 
 ` to be honest , i was expecting a prolonged debate . ' 
 ` such is the way of power , ' the cardinal replied curtly . 
 ` the more ruthless the suggestion -- the less likely the dissent . ' 
 chapter vi angelo was walking at a brisk pace across the narrow square before the schola apostolica -- the wide two-storey building situated at the north-western end of the vatican complex . 
 all was quiet around , with only lower-clergy occasionally crossing the square . 
 but even they seemed to be in no hurry , as if promenading leisurely , enjoying the fresh spring morning . 
 it was tuesday after easter and peace had once again returned to the holy see . 
 following the three days of festivities marking christ 's resurrection , life within the confines of the vatican had fallen back into its usual routine . 
 the square was bathing in sunlight , the air light and scented with the blossoms of the nearby orchards . 
 the uplifting weather heightened angelo 's spirits . 
 life has not always been that favourable to the fourteen-year-old neophyte . 
 born to a good family -- his father had been a merchant -- he had known disaster at an early age , when his mother had died while giving birth to a brother of his . 
 his sibling had not survived either , and his father had not managed to bear the pain caused by the double loss . 
 he had abandoned his trade and gone broke , eventually putting an end to his misery by drowning himself in the tiber . 
 angelo had been barely six years old and would have faced a forlorn fate in an orphanage , had it not been for his uncle -- cardinal marino colonna , who had taken him under his wing . 
 he had sent the boy to the apostolic school in the vatican , where angelo had been raised in the catholic faith . 
 since then he had known no other life than the one in the service of god , taught him by his rigid mentor father luca . 
 although life as a neophyte had often been tough , he had found great comfort and solace within the vatican 's confines . 
 he had absorbed the atmosphere of the ancient place , filled with reverence for the grandeur of the institution and with humble gratitude for god 's grace to welcome him in his earthly domains . 
 even after his uncle marino had passed away a couple of years before , angelo had felt no sense of being left alone . 
 he regarded the apostolic school as his home , was cozy in his bare chamber in the boarding-house . 
 a diligent student , angelo was highly thought of by his mentor , although father luca never praised him , always urging him to greater effort . 
 the boy 's zeal to excel in the field of theology , together with his veneration for the higher clergy , had made him seek the attention of the cardinals , whenever he spotted any of them around . 
 thus angelo had come to know monsignor pietro calvi -- an intelligent man in his late forties , who had felt fatherly affection for the studious boy . 
 pietro had devoted some of his time in the vatican to enlightening the young neophyte further . 
 calvi was one of the cardinals authorized by pope gregory to maintain the diplomatic relations between rome and avignon . 
 supporting passionately the idea of a peaceful solution to the schism , he often traveled between the two papal capitals , carrying out what he considered a sacred mission -- the unity of all christendom . 
 pietro calvi kept aloof from both factions in the college of cardinals -- the roman radicals , led by balthasar cossa and ludovico bonito , and the alleged avignon loyalists . 
 inevitably , he was regarded by the former as one of the traitors of gregory , because of his ambassadorship at benedict 's . 
 but calvi had learnt to ignore their spiteful attitude , hoping his efforts would bear fruit . 
 he had been teaching angelo to share his belief in the eventual welfare of christianity . 
 recognizing the boy as a bright and promising novice , he wanted to win him over to the righteous doctrine , as he knew angelo would one day grow to find his place of dignity in the vatican . 
 ` you may have lost your father when still an infant , ' he had told him once , ` but never has the lord abandoned you . 
 he is your heavenly father , and a loving one , for he has guided your steps towards his worldly deputy -- the pope . 
 he is your earthly father now and you must love him and pray for his well-being , for he has millions of sons and daughters to look after . ' 
 ` i know that , monsignor . ' 
 angelo would reply humbly . 
 ` but why are there two popes ? 
 is n't there to be one holy father of all christians ? ' 
 ` indeed , angelo , there should be only one , ' calvi would reassure the boy . 
 ` but people are being disunited -- by borders , kingdoms and sovereigns -- and thus they have forgotten who their true lord is . 
 but god is merciful and wants them united again . 
 so he placed another deputy of his -- another pope , to whom the ones who have abandoned the roman church can turn . 
 but it is his divine providence that his people come together again -- before one pope , as they are before one god . 
 and whoever sits on st. peter 's throne you will love him , angelo , for he will be your father . 
 and when you grow older and stronger , you will guard him , for many are the challenges god sends to our holy shepherds . ' 
 then , pietro had given angelo a beautifully wrought dagger that he had bought during one of his voyages , and had made the boy swear to protect the present and future popes from harm . 
 and angelo had given his pledge . 
 today , he was heading beyond the confines of his home , elated . 
 he was due to meet again with cardinal calvi , who had returned to rome for the easter celebrations . 
 angelo traversed the hall of the apostolic school and reached the rear entrance . 
 next he crossed the small atrium leading to the buildings of the college of cardinals , where the ecclesiastical chambers were situated . 
 he entered through the marble gateway , whose huge columns on both sides supported a heavy tympanum above . 
 the interior of the building was a breath-taking amalgam of marble and stone -- remnants of the original roman construction and the modern decoration with statues and stained-glass . 
 although he had already seen the interior of the building on several occasions before , and spent hours there copying old manuscripts , angelo could not help staring around in awe , as he ascended the staircase to the second floor . 
 the upper floor of the building was less spectacular -- a narrow corridor with a dozen doors on both sides -- housing the cardinals ' quarters and some offices of the college . 
 the boy walked slowly down the quiet passage to the second door on the left and knocked . 
 no answered followed . 
 angelo hesitated at first , but decided to try the door . 
 it was locked . 
 he turned around , wondering why monsignor calvi was not in his chambers . 
 had he confused the hour and day ? 
 then , as he was walking back towards the stairs , he heard voices behind him . 
 he walked back down the corridor , warily . 
 perhaps calvi was somewhere around ? 
 angelo heard the voices again -- they were coming from another chamber further away -- and growing more and more distinct on his approach . 
 he hesitated ; maybe he had better wait for calvi to show up ? 
 but then he made out the cardinal 's name in the conversation . 
 ` i 'm telling you , giacopo ! ' 
 one of the voices said bleakly . 
 ` calvi left for avignon early this morning . 
 he was instructed by gregory himself . ' 
 angelo came closer to the door . 
 it was left slightly open . 
 through the aperture the boy saw the apostolic notary , giacopo del torso , standing with a troubled expression on his face . 
 the other man was out of sight . 
 ` are you sure about the nature of the instructions ? ' 
 del torso asked . 
 ` positively -- our holy father summoned me yesterday , right after the mass. . 
 he told me about this vision he had received in which god spoke to him . 
 he will surrender his claims to the papacy and offer luna an agreement . ' 
 the notary frowned and so did angelo on the other side of the door . 
 monsignor calvi had told him how infuriated the supporters of gregory were by his aptitude to negotiate with benedict . 
 the cold , even voice went on . 
 ` go and raise ottaviani -- the man who accompanied me on our last meeting . 
 he is at sant ' angelo , waiting for my signal . 
 then go and fetch bonito and the others . 
 i will send a note to gregory to receive us in the hall . 
 we shall meet there . ' 
 ` but what are we going to do with him ? ' 
 del torso 's tone had become anxious . 
 ` i do not think we have any other options left , ' the other man whispered , ` but to do away with him . 
 listen to me , giacopo , if we do not act -- ` , suddenly he broke off , as angelo exclaimed at hearing those last words . 
 the boy put his palms over his mouth , but it was too late . 
 del torso turned and stared at him , motionless and clearly startled . 
 the boy heard steps and then the door flew wide open . 
 angelo could only see the scowling face of cardinal balthasar cossa before he broke into a run . 
 he heard a shout behind his back , but did not turn back . 
 he flew through the corridor and descended the stairs without taking a breath . 
 thoughts were crossing his mind hectically : ` a plot to kill the pope ! 
 orchestrated by cardinals ! ' 
 he had to warn calvi , but then he remembered cossa 's words . 
 ` calvi must be miles away by now . ' 
 what should he do ? 
 at the foot of the stairs angelo stopped for a brief moment . 
 he turned opposite to where he had entered the building . 
 he barely knew the place , but remembered seeing a passageway leading deeper into the vatican . 
 he ran straight through it , a couple of times coming to a halt to make sure no one was chasing him . 
 he finally reached a spacious foyer whose windows gave onto a beautiful garden . 
 walking along a path of slabstones at the far end of the garden , angelo saw him -- pope gregory xii . 
 he was promenading leisurely , a well-clad man beside him . 
 they seemed to be engaged in a conversation as they walked . 
 ` i need to warn him -- my holy father . ' 
 angelo went straight to the door . 
 it was locked . 
 he cast a desperate glance around . 
 through the window , he saw another door , just around the corner from where he stood . 
 it was left wide open , so the boy rushed for it . 
 once outside , he paced briskly towards where the pontiff was , suddenly aware of the scale of what was happening and the eminence of the men involved . 
 as he approached , the pope and his companion noticed the boy and stared at him in wonder . 
 a door opened behind their backs . 
 angelo froze with terror . 
 cardinal balthasar cossa and a couple of hard-looking men beside him emerged from it . 
 the holy father noticed them , too , and the confusion on his face doubled . 
 cossa was pacing firmly towards him . 
 ` dear lord ' , angelo whispered desperately . 
 ` it is happening ! ' 
 he caught a glimpse of a metallic flash underneath the cardinal 's robe . 
 the boy remembered the promise he had given pietro calvi . 
 his hands searched his belt for the dagger , as his feet carried him towards the pope . 
 but cossa was closer . 
 ` what is going on , brother balthasar ? ' 
 the pontiff demanded peremptorily , as the cardinal approached him . 
 cossa stopped before him and replied grimly : ` treason , your holiness . 
 you have been betrayed . ' 
 angelo made a final dash . 
 with the dagger in his hand , he lunged at the cardinal . 
 pope gregory started back , giving away a shout of surprise . 
 it was followed by a cry , filled with pain and despair . 
 angelo dropped the dagger . 
 it rang out as it hit the slabstones . 
 the boy looked down to his chest to see cossa 's hand clutching the handle of a stiletto -- its thin sharp blade plunged into the young flesh . 
 then , angelo collapsed on the ground . 
 pope gregory and his companion were looking at the boy in dismay . 
 ` what was this all about ? ' 
 he asked in a muffled tone , but then gathered his wits again and added brusquely : ` brother balthasar , i demand an explanation ! ' 
 ` there was a plot , your holiness , ' cossa answered firmly . 
 ` the cardinals who have been deceiving you with foul talks of truce with avignon were mere minions of luna conspiring against you . 
 i believe they had sent this boy to kill you . ' 
 the pope looked again at angelo 's body , in disbelief . 
 but then his stare fixed on the dagger the boy had dropped when pierced by cossa . 
 on its handle , amidst other engravings , there was a silvery crescent , its edges pointing down -- the symbol of benedict xiii -- el papa luna . 
 the director finished his narration and stared out the windows of his office . 
 it was raining , the drops slashing against the glass outside of the panes . 
 for a moment we both stood quiet . 
 it was i who finally broke the silence : ` does balthasar have the pope killed at the end ? ' 
 i finally ventured , still captivated by the story . 
 ` no , he does not , ' the professor replied calmly . 
 ` thanks to the fortunate turn of events -- i mean the boy 's elimination -- he uses his guile to convince gregory that there really was a plot against him . 
 of course , he never proves the involvement of the so-called ` traitors ' -- the cardinals who allegedly support benedict . 
 but it is enough for gregory to drop the idea of negotiations with avignon , though only for a short while . 
 and by the time he renews his conscientious efforts to end the schism , cossa has already extended further his power within the vatican . 
 he calls on a council in constance , where gregory is forced to abdicate . ' 
 he looked again towards the windows , taking the sheet with the sonnet . 
 ` that was the story of balthasar cossa -- the man who inspired this sonnet . 
 you know , ' he added thoughtfully , ` i think you may be right about the purpose of this , come to think of it . 
 it might be edification after all , or at least some form of repentance . ' 
 i gave the director a quizzical look , for i did not understand what he meant . 
 then i remembered where we had begun this intriguing story . 
 there was one thing i still found hard to fathom . 
 ` i am still missing the main point , ' i said . 
 ` what does pope john xxiii -- the author of the sonnet -- have to do with balthasar cossa and his ascent to power ? ' 
 the professor smiled , looking into my eyes . 
 ` he has everything to do with him , ' he replied . 
 ` for pope john xxiii is balthasar cossa . ' 
 his answer hung in the air for a prolonged silent while . 
 i tried to run through the whole story in my mind and comprehend the revelation . 
 the director noticed my confusion and lent me a hand . 
 ` the council in constance results not only in the abdication of gregory xii , ' he resumed . 
 ` consequently , a new pope is elected and by now you should have been able to guess who that is by knowing from the story about cossa 's influence among the cardinals . 
 so , in 1410 , cardinal balthasar cossa takes the papal name of john xxiii . 
 as a pope , he is accused of a number of misdeeds , such as simony , or else trading with indulgencies . 
 the latter is a document of a person 's sins being remitted , issued by the pope himself in exchange for a great deal of money , of course . 
 he is also charged with assassinations of his opponents , as well as with fornication with hundreds of women , nuns among them . 
 pope john 's reputation is so stained that the vatican tries to erase the memory of his rule for centuries after . 
 documents are destroyed ; also any form of memorabilia -- statues , plaques , and walls of buildings -- every spot that preserved his name has been removed . 
 only his gold-plated tomb designed by donatello is still kept in florence , thanks to the medici . 
 the gratitude of the great family is not due to sheer affection for cossa . 
 pope john xxiii establishes the vatican bank , allegedly run by the medici . ' 
 ` eventually , in 1958 , when cardinal angelo roncalli was elected pope , he assumed the name of john the twenty-third , putting an end to the five-century long tradition of pontiffs ' avoiding that name , because of balthasar cossa . 
 today , the once-pirate is present in the papal chronicles as antipope john xxiii . 
 apart from his tomb , only documents stored in the vatican archives bear evidence of cossa 's papacy and who he was in fact . ' 
 the director paused . 
 for the first time today he looked tired of relating the story of the depraved pope . 
 ` it is ironic , is n't it ? ' 
 he added after a while . 
 ` that the man who incarnates the most wicked of all sins should become the saintly shepherd of all christians . 
 on his election and throughout his reign , he was celebrated and loved by his congregation like any other pontiff . 
 obviously , people did not know him , or even if they have , i do n't believe it would have made any difference . ' 
 he gave out a quiet sigh , followed by a snort . 
 then he fell silent again . 
 ` one last question , professor , ' i begged . 
 ` why do you think pope john wrote this sonnet , evidently with regret ? ' 
 the professor smiled and lifted his spectacles to rub his eyes . 
 ` i do n't know , ' he said . 
 ` i will let you ponder it yourself . 
 i 'll be happy to hear your suggestion later . ' 
 epilogue the rain was easing off , though raindrops were still falling over me . 
 i did not mind that -- the murky weather was perfect for introverts like me to debate with themselves . 
 as i walked lost in thought on my way back home , i felt emptiness inside . 
 not because i had not done any progress on the subject of my dissertation . 
 it was rather that sort of emptiness one feels when facing an existential question , raised by some revelation . 
 the mystery the director left me to brood over -- the motive behind the sonnet written by the pirate-pope -- had lodged itself into my mind . 
 why would this man , who had abandoned his theological studies to become a pirate , lived his entire life in sin -- killing people , fornicating with women , plundering ships and villages -- and had risen to become the head of all christendom , would write a confession of his depravity ? 
 i tried to imagine balthasar cossa in papal garments , seated on the vatican 's throne . 
 how would he have felt ? 
 i pictured him with a complacent smile on his face , secretly mocking at the congregation gathered to worship him as a saint : him -- the cutthroat , the fornicator , the blasphemer . 
 i wondered whether the sonnet is but a piece of mockery , a way to express his complacency . 
 what balthasar had done was to simply take advantage of human nature . 
 he knew sin well , for he lived a sinful life . 
 and is not sin an integral part of human nature ? 
 has it not been thus since the dawn of time ? 
 men are both divine and evil -- we are the ones who create and then corrupt our creations . 
 men felt love and turned it into lust . 
 men invented money to make life easier and instead became greedy . 
 men created hierarchy to put order in society and became hungry for power . 
 men had faith in god , but religion invented rules to prevent people from committing sins , although it is natural for them to do so . 
 and it made them fear punishment , and hope for salvation . 
 but at the same time , it also gave them a sense of security and of justice . 
 balthasar has used that mechanism to aspire to power , well aware of the sinful nature of mankind . 
 he bribed and manipulated thus gaining influence . 
 he relied on peoples ' repentance and thus became wealthy , but never repented of his own sins . 
 he turned away from the christian laws , even broke them , to prosper and eventually find himself atop all righteous . 
 i wondered what moral i could draw from the story . 
 how have men 's values changed since balthasar cossa 's time ? 
 have they really changed ? 
 are we not still but a flock of sheep , seeking security in life by following rules ? 
 truly , the rules have changed since . 
 logically , when christian dogmas lost their grasp on people 's minds , they were substituted for other ideals . 
 one thing alone has not changed at all -- people 's worshipping money , for mammon has been perhaps the true one god of all mankind throughout human civilization . 
 just as balthasar 's contemporaries strove for wealth , believing it can buy them happiness , so do we today . 
 we do not commit simony , in order to become more powerful , but are not the wealthy and influential those who dictate our lives ? 
 we do not spend our savings on indulgencies to save our souls , but we do buy ourselves some tiny bits of happiness . 
 therefore , are we not also to be mocked ? 
 and while abiding by the laws of our society , are we not secretly worshipping those who break them ? 
 just like the congregation at balthasar cossa 's feet . 
 there have been dozens of his kind since -- dictators , murderers , and fornicators , corrupt and wicked men . 
 and have they not been adored by the multitudes ? 
 surely , history offers many such examples . 
 more often than not , such shady figures get away with it and even find their place in history , the story of their sins being told from one generation to the next . 
 so is it not natural for men to sin ? 
 it must be , for otherwise why would we admire the ones who sin ? 
 suppressing our own depravity , we turn the depraved into heroes . 
 told not to kill , we bow before murderers , like sheep worshiping their butchers . 
 we were taught to expel lust from our souls , yet we see the ` righteous ' paying court to the wicked . 
 convinced that greed is taint , we envy the wealthy and their aspiration for more . 
 is it because they all incarnate what has been forbidden us ? 
 is it our true nature that makes us raise pedestals for them to look down from on us with complacency ? 
 if so , they should only be right to do it . 
 for we -- the small sinners , nailed to high ideals , look up to them -- the bold , the unscrupulous , the depraved . 
 and thus being the greatest sinners among us , they ascend the pulpit to become our saints . 
 just like balthasar cossa : for before saints he lived by the sin , amidst sinners he shall rise a saint ! 
 author 's note although built on historical facts , the blackhearted saint is composed mostly of fictional events and characters . 
 however , the plot is not that far from the real story of balthasar cossa . 
 the six episodes in this novella are inspired by historical data about the life of this controversial persona . 
 in the present note , i will reveal more details about cossa 's part in one of the most obscure chapters of vatican history . 
 to anyone with the desire to find out further more about the real balthasar cossa i highly recommend the life and activity of balthazar cossa -lrb- pope john xxiii -rrb- by the greek author alexander paradisis -- an extensive research based on original documents and facts . 
 as in this book , the real balthasar cossa is born on the island of ischia , in a noble family . 
 after a short service in the army , he moves to bologna to study theology . 
 it is there that he meets yandra cappistrana -- a talented young woman from the lower nobility , hunted by the inquisition because of her skills and knowledge in astrology and chemistry - talents regarded as witchcraft by the church . 
 it is cossa 's attempt to save her from the claws of the inquisitors the reason he flees from bologna , taking yandra with him . 
 he then joins his brothers and becomes a notorious pirate . 
 years later , he abandons piracy to enter service to pope boniface ix , tormenting corrupt clergymen and supporting the pope in his campaign to reclaim his power across italy . 
 it is the time of the so-called papal schism during which two popes -- one in rome and one in avignon -- simultaneously claim to be the rightful heir to the throne of saint peter . 
 in this delicate time , balthasar cossa cunningly manages to climb up the vatican hierarchy , always a trusted ally of number of popes , from both rome and avignon , throughout the schism . 
 following the council of constance in 1410 , he becomes pope john xxiii and remains in office until 1415 when he is forced to abdicate . 
 the connection between balthasar cossa 's ascent to power and the medici family is presumed by many authors on the subject , including alexander paradisis . 
 it is believed that cossa 's tomb , designed and built by donatello in 1424 , is purchased namely by the famous florentine clan in recognition of the former pope 's merits for their prosperity . 
 the attitude of the vatican chronologists towards the papacy of balthasar cossa has already been described in the present volume , in the narration of the director . 
 following centuries of denial , cossa is eventually enlisted as antipope john xxiii , and an ending of the controversy is put in 1958 when angelo roncalli is elected pope and chooses the regnal name of john xxiii , in official recognition of balthasar cossa 's illegitimacy . 
 in total contrast with him , the twentieth-century pope john xxiii is a charitable and righteous pontiff . 
 luckily , the story of the first pope john xxiii has not been buried by the unforgiving sands of time . 
 it has survived for us , the seekers of ` tales of mystery in the gales of history ' , to rediscover -- the tale of balthasar cossa -- the pirate who became pope . 
