 breakfast at midnight a novel by fiona macfarlane smashwords edition copyright 2011 fiona macfarlane this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter one this fragile life there was no warning of what was about to happen ; no dark clouds gathered overhead to herald the coming storm . 
 for those destined to live another day in hobart , tasmania , 3rd of december 1894 , life carried on with humdrum normality . 
 mr wood put an advertisement in the local paper offering a reward of two pounds for the return of his lost silver snuff box , the intemperate john slater appeared in the city police court , charged with using obscene language in public , mrs marshall 's bunch of turnips won her third prize in the vegetable section of the hobart horticultural society 's spring show , and the thermometer outside in the shade stood at 88 degrees . 
 yet amidst this ordinariness of life , something profound took place , an event that reminded everyone involved just how fragile and capricious human existence could be . 
 a young girl , on the eve of her tenth birthday , died unexpectedly , and while the child 's suffering had been brief , it was of no consolation to her family and friends . 
 a beautiful life had inexplicably been taken away , and their lives would never be the same again . 
 these were the thoughts that occupied frances norwood 's mind as she stood in the foreground of an open balcony door , breathing in restorative breaths of air . 
 it was frances 's first night at her aunt wentworth 's house , on the outskirts of bellerive , and as three shimmering candles on a mantelpiece suffused the bed-chamber with a gentle hue of yellow , she briefly contemplated her own mortality . 
 in another moment , however , she discerned the sound of brisk , approaching footsteps , and the rustle of a gown behind her . 
 ` there you are ! ' 
 a voice suddenly declared . 
 a startled frances stepped back hurriedly from the door , just as an older woman bustled forward and wrenched the balcony door shut . 
 ` i do beg your pardon , aunt wentworth , ' frances ventured . 
 ` i was in need of some fresh air . ' 
 ` never mind about that , my dear , ' louisa wentworth replied , forcefully drawing together the curtains , ` i am here to discuss another matter with you . 
 minnie gibbs . 
 you informed me of her death just after you arrived here . ' 
 frances nodded but said nothing . 
 ` how singular . 
 i was led to believe that she had the constitution of an ox . 
 evidently not . ' 
 she paused momentarily . 
 ` so , how did this seemingly robust child meet her end ? ' 
 frances noted a gleam of excitement in her aunt 's bilious brown eyes . 
 ` i 'm afraid that i can furnish you with none of the particulars , ' she replied . 
 ` no , no , that will not do in the slightest , frances . 
 you must do better than that . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but i really ca n't satisfy your wishes in this matter . 
 the household , not surprisingly , was in disarray when i arrived at the house . 
 i spoke only with the parlour maid -- ' ` and what did the servant say ? 
 did she describe the event itself ? 
 will there be a coronial inquest ? 
 did she seem much affected by what had happened ? ' 
 frances sighed and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 ` i confess i was too much out of countenance to pay heed to the finer details of our ` conversation , ' if you could call it that . 
 i 'd just discovered that the girl i was to have taught had succumbed to a short illness , only hours before i arrived , the result being that i 'm now without a situation . ' 
 a brief silence ensued between the two women . 
 ` dear , oh dear ! 
 how dreadful this all is ! ' 
 louisa eventually exclaimed . 
 ` of course it reminds me of your uncle harold . 
 he was only forty when he left me . 
 one minute he was berating the gardener for over fertilising the roses , and in the next instant , his spirit took flight and he passed through the gates of death . 
 just like that . ' 
 she clicked her fingers to further emphasise the last word . 
 she then drew out a handkerchief and dabbed it at her nose . 
 ` such a death ! 
 poor harold , and poor minnie gibbs ! 
 still , ' she said , tossing her proud head , ` there is no point going on about it . 
 it is all too late for her , most assuredly . 
 the girl is dead , and now our lives are in chaos . ' 
 ` well i hardly -- ' frances began . 
 ` now , my dear , ' louisa interrupted , ` enough of this idle chatter . 
 we have a great deal to discuss . ' 
 she moved away from the balcony window , and subsided with a satisfied sigh onto frances 's bed . 
 ` so , ' she resumed , smoothing out imaginary creases in her gauzy black gown , ` what are your plans ? ' 
 ` i beg your pardon ? ' 
 ` your long term plans , frances ! ' 
 an increasingly irritated louisa cried . 
 ` the gibbs girl is no more of this world . 
 it seems as though you have come all this way for nothing . ' 
 frances reluctantly sat beside her aunt on the foot of the bed . 
 the bed sagged under the weight of the two women . 
 ` i do n't think so , ' she replied casually . 
 ` how can you not think so ? 
 you can hardly work as a governess without a pupil . 
 surely there is no reason to stay here in hobart . ' 
 ` in spite of today 's unfortunate business , i intend to remain in hobart for as long as i can . 
 to be honest , i have no intention of ever returning to melbourne . ' 
 louisa raised her eyebrows . 
 ` not return home ? ' 
 she echoed . 
 ` why ever not ? ' 
 ` melbourne is not my home , aunt wentworth . 
 it never has been . 
 i was born here , and it 's here where i wish to remain . 
 as for my situation , i 'm confident that i can find another one . 
 the gibbs family has given me a sum of money to compensate me for my sudden loss of employment , and it 's enough to make me financially self-sufficient for the present time . ' 
 ` and what does your mother say to all this ? ' 
 louisa asked , eyeing her niece suspiciously . 
 ` surely she does not condone this ? ' 
 ` well , ' frances began , ` i have n't exactly told her yet . 
 i always meant to , of course , but somehow that conversation never took place . 
 i 'll cable her in the morning . ' 
 the bed-chamber was now filled with the un-nerving sound of a distant clock , breaking the silence with a solitary tick , tick , tick . 
 louisa , meanwhile , had risen from the bed and was pacing up and down the room . 
 she was a tall , large-boned woman , with a ramrod straight back and a protuberant chest , which was thrust out in front of her , like a shield . 
 at close range , she was an impressive and even formidable looking woman . 
 ` this is most vexing , ' louisa was saying , ` most vexing indeed . 
 i am very put out . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , aunt wentworth , but -- ' ` mercy , frances ! 
 please do not interrupt me ! ' 
 she resumed her pacing . 
 ` and where do you intend to stay while you look for another situation ? ' 
 her lip curled perceptibly as she uttered these last words . 
 ` well , naturally i would look for another place of accommodation . 
 i would in no way want to trespass on your hospitality for more than a few days . ' 
 ` stuff and nonsense , ' louisa returned . 
 ` i would not dream of allowing a young woman of twenty-five to live somewhere on her own . 
 it is most unseemly . ' 
 frances smiled . 
 ` i travelled here by myself , and no harm came to me . ' 
 louisa ignored this remark and looked up at a portrait hanging above her on the floral wallpaper . 
 it was a painting of her late husband , harold wentworth , in a gilded frame . 
 for several moments she studied his noble face . 
 ` it alarms me the way you were brought up , frances , ' louisa declared sententiously . 
 ` if your dear father had lived , i know he would not have raised you the way your mother has . 
 knowing my brother as i did , i know he would never have consented to you travelling unchaperoned on a ship . 
 my other two brothers were exactly the same . 
 they were all very protective of their womenfolk , for which i was exceedingly grateful . ' 
 frances refrained from answering . 
 ` still , what is past is past . 
 i can not undo what has been done . ' 
 she straightened her already erect posture . 
 ` you are in my house now , and while you are in my care , you shall abide by my rules . ' 
 frances clenched her jaw in annoyance . 
 ` please , aunt , there 's no need for you to be concerned . 
 i 'll stay somewhere in town . ' 
 ` oh , hush now . 
 you will do nothing of the kind . 
 i want you to remain here with me at wintersleigh , where i can keep an eye on you . 
 it is about time you had some parental supervision . ' 
 frances stiffened . 
 ` thank you for your offer , ' she began coolly , ` but i could n't -- ' ` and as for a room , do not worry yourself on that score . 
 this room is yours for as long as you need it . 
 i should also add that it is exceedingly comfortable , and will suit your needs tolerably . ' 
 frances was quickly losing patience . 
 ` but i -- ' ` i will brook no opposition to this , frances . 
 your cousins are away in england at present , and i am in need of some company . 
 this arrangement , i dare say , will suit us both very well . ' 
 she attempted a smile . 
 ` i will also need an additional pair of hands during the new year . 
 i am not sure whether your mother told you this , but your cousin agnes has made a very fine match with a local man . 
 she is to be married in february . ' 
 frances was taken aback by this news . 
 in the past her mother had always kept her abreast of developments in the family , and she wondered why this important piece of information had not been shared with her . 
 given that her mother was infatuated with a ` gentleman friend , ' however , frances was n't in the least surprised at not being told . 
 her mother 's preoccupation with this wealthy divorcee was one of the main reasons why frances had left melbourne . 
 after all , it was true what they said : ` two 's company , three 's a crowd . ' 
 ` so , my dear , ' louisa resumed with expectant eyes , ` what is your answer ? 
 will you stay ? ' 
 frances sighed and looked up at her aunt . 
 it was no use trying to argue with her , she decided . 
 she would only lose . 
 besides , she thought , she needed somewhere to stay , and this option would cost her nothing , other than her patience , perhaps . 
 ` thank you , aunt wentworth , ' frances said in a voice that belied her despondency , ` i 'd very much like to stay . ' 
 she regretted the words almost as soon as she had uttered them . 
 ` oh , splendid ! ' 
 louisa cried , clapping her hands together exultantly . 
 ` i knew you would come to your senses . ' 
 she gave frances an expressive look . 
 frances instinctively glanced up at the small portrait of her late uncle harold , the one time school master , turned successful business man . 
 from all accounts , he had made his vast fortune by presiding over no fewer than ten grocer 's stores -lrb- most of which were located in sydney and melbourne -rrb- and by underpaying his overworked employees . 
 frances thought it strange that his portrait should be hanging in a spare bedroom , but she said nothing to her aunt about it . 
 without really wanting to , she continued to study her uncle 's likeness . 
 the mere sight of his stern face , immaculately trimmed beard , and censorious slate coloured eyes made her grimace , and she quickly looked away . 
 she transferred her gaze to the majestic figure of her aunt , who was gliding towards the door like a black swan . 
 as soon as louisa was gone and the door was closed behind her , frances removed the portrait of her uncle from the wall , and without one pang of guilt , shoved it behind the chest of drawers , where her aunt was least likely to find it . 
 a victorious smile settled upon frances 's lips , but unfortunately for frances this triumph was short-lived . 
 looking up at the wall , to where she had removed the frame , she noticed a large unsightly tear in the wallpaper . 
 for a brief moment , frances felt a shiver of apprehension . 
 she began to wonder whether she had made the right decision after all . 
 chapter two an adventure it took frances just three days to repent her decision to live with her aunt . 
 she soon discovered that life at wintersleigh , without her cousins , was dull beyond belief . 
 nothing ever seemed to happen . 
 her aunt , for instance , spent her days like a true old english lady , and did as little as she could possibly manage . 
 to frances 's mind , the only movement that occurred at wintersleigh was the crawl of the hands around the clock . 
 a typical day involved alternating between the dining room for formal meals , and the gas-lit drawing room for reading or sewing . 
 apart from the gas flaring noisily in the background and the ticking of the clock , the evenings were silent . 
 frances was not used to such lengthy periods of stillness . 
 before her move to hobart , she had lived in a terrace house in east melbourne , and over the years her ears had grown accustomed to the noises associated with living on a busy suburban thoroughfare . 
 whether it was a carriage rattling past , or the hum of people 's voices as they streamed up and down the pavements , frances accepted , and even embraced these sounds . 
 their comforting familiarity reminded her that there was an exciting world beyond her window , a world she would one day explore . 
 on the fourth day of her monotonous visit , frances was taking luncheon with her aunt in the dining room . 
 louisa was sitting in state at the head of the table , and as usual was dominating the conversation . 
 ` remind me to make some arrangements about your clothes , frances , ' louisa was saying in between mouthfuls of sandwich . 
 ` your mother may have approved of your attire , but i do not . 
 and before you ask me why , my dear , i will explain . 
 your skirt is too short , for a start . 
 i have also noticed that you are not wearing a corset . ' 
 ` aunt wentworth ! ' 
 ` now pray do not take that tone with me , young lady . 
 you need not look quite so offended . 
 it gives me no pleasure discussing such an indelicate subject , but something must be said . ' 
 ` very well , then . 
 your observations are quite correct . 
 my skirt has been altered to allow me more freedom of movement , and as for the corset , i can proudly say that i do n't even own one . 
 mother is the same . 
 she says that over a period of time , tight lacing can deform a woman 's body . ' 
 louisa stared . 
 ` stuff and nonsense ! 
 what has your mother been reading ? 
 do n't tell me she is one of those ghastly suffragists ! 
 a cigar-smoking , bicycle-riding radical , no doubt . 
 what do they call them now ? 
 a new woman ? ' 
 ` mother does ride a bicycle , yes , as do i. ' ` mercy ! ' 
 louisa gasped . 
 ` your mother has much to answer for ! ' 
 ` please do n't alarm yourself , aunt . 
 bicycle riding is very common in melbourne . ' 
 ` yes , and so is pick-pocketing , but no-one condones that . ' 
 frances ignored her aunt 's words , and went ahead in the same vain . 
 ` if it 's any comfort to you , we do n't ride in skirts . 
 we prefer to wear a bifurcated costume . ' 
 ` oh , it is worse than i thought ! ' 
 louisa wailed . 
 ` in fact i was discussing this very subject with a young lady on the boat coming over here . 
 i told her that i brought my bicycle with me , and she warned me that female cyclists were n't common in tasmania . 
 she had , in fact , never seen one , and urged me to be cautious , lest i should offend anyone . ' 
 ` you brought your , your -lrb- she could not bring herself to say the word ` bicycle ' -rrb- vile machine with you ? ' 
 louisa asked in a faltering voice . 
 ` why was i not informed of this ? ' 
 once again frances ignored her aunt . 
 ` i really ca n't understand why some people are so vehemently opposed to the bicycle . 
 i personally -- ' ` oh , hush , frances ! 
 i can not bear to discuss a subject that is so repugnant to me . 
 while you are staying with me you will not be permitted to ride your , your new fangled apparatus . 
 god invented the carriage for a reason , and that is so people can travel with dignity , without having to exert themselves . 
 only the vulgar classes are permitted to sweat . ' 
 frances 's heart sank . 
 it was clear that her aunt would not change her mind on this subject , and it was therefore a subject not worth pursuing . 
 ` and while i am laying down the rules , frances , i am warning you to be mindful of my neighbours . 
 we are a small tight-knit community down here , and everything a person does and says is subject to some kind of scrutiny . 
 whilst i am exceedingly grateful that you are not wearing your bifurcated outfit , the clothes you are now wearing will provoke comment from people , and consequently that will reflect on me . ' 
 she waved a finger vaguely at frances . 
 ` as you know , i used to be a norwood before i married into the wentworth family . 
 both the norwood and wentworth families have proud traditions to maintain . 
 i simply can not have you dressing so singularly . ' 
 frances almost choked on her tea , but regained her composure enough to survey her aunt 's drab clothes . 
 louisa , as usual , was dressed in a black satin gown , a dress , frances surmised , her aunt had worn every day for the last ten years . 
 for as long as frances had known her , she had never seen louisa regaled in any other colour but funereal black . 
 as for louisa 's hair , which these days was more grey than black , it was parted austerely in the middle of her head , and was drawn into a meticulously arranged bundle that rested on the nape of her neck . 
 not one straggling wisp of hair was to be seen . 
 endeavouring to suppress a grin , frances leant over the table and helped herself to a chicken sandwich . 
 ` must you take another one ? ' 
 louisa asked , fixing her eyes on frances with solemn reproach . 
 ` you do not need to put on any more weight . ' 
 frances 's hand lingered over the plate . 
 ` being well-rounded is one thing , but being fat is another . 
 dear , oh dear ! 
 if you continue the way you are going , ' louisa resumed , ` you will end up like your poor mother . 
 she used to be such a pretty thing , ' she lamented , ` and now look at her . 
 she is scarcely recognisable . ' 
 frances felt a fleeting surge of hatred for her aunt pulse through her veins . 
 she was used to her relative 's hurtful remarks and insults , but when they were directed at her mother , it always struck a raw nerve . 
 being too infuriated to reply , frances defiantly claimed the sandwich , before cramming it into her mouth . 
 louisa puckered her brows , and was just about to voice her disapproval , when a maid entered the room and presented louisa with a gleaming silver salver . 
 ` if you please , ma’am , ' the servant said a little tremulously , ` the mail has just come . ' 
 louisa made no acknowledgment of the maid , and demurely took the mail from the tray . 
 to her surprise , there was only one letter , and after a cursory inspection of the flowing handwriting on the envelope , she dismissed the servant and held the letter up for frances to see . 
 ` it is for you , my dear . 
 it is from your mother . ' 
 she scrutinised the letter more carefully before she proceeded . 
 ` it looks as though this was forwarded on from minnie gibbs 's mother . 
 poor creature . ' 
 she shook her head sadly . 
 ` as soon as you get a chance , frances , you had better cable your mother and let her know your change of circumstances and address . ' 
 frances was too overjoyed at the prospect of her mother 's letter to acknowledge her aunt 's comments . 
 not surprisingly , she pounced on the envelope with alacrity , and was on the verge of tearing it open , when louisa spoke : ` must you read that now ? 
 i am of the opinion that reading at the dining table is abominably rude , not to mention exceedingly ill-mannered . 
 a letter , ' she went on haughtily , ` ought to be read in private , unless , of course , it is a letter for general consumption . ' 
 frances seized upon her aunt 's words . 
 ` well in that case , aunt , ' she said , pushing her chair back from the table , ` may i please leave the table ? ' 
 she watched her aunt expectantly . 
 ` and what about luncheon ? ' 
 louisa 's attitude soon softened . 
 ` oh , very well . 
 leave if you must . 
 i confess i am most anxious to hear about your dear mother . 
 she has not written to me for quite some time ... ' frances did n't wait for her aunt to finish before she rose from the table . 
 receiving a letter from her mother was by far the most important event of her visit so far , and frances was determined that nothing , not even her aunt , would spoil the pleasure it would no doubt bring . 
 once she was out of louisa 's sight , frances fled down the long , portrait-lined hallway , and out the back door . 
 the tepid summer air was a refreshing change from her aunt 's company , and as she looked around the vast grounds for a place of repose , she caught herself almost smiling . 
 she eventually found herself an arbour near the rose garden , and as she fumbled excitedly with the envelope , she breathed in the heavily scented air . 
 without wasting another second , she extracted the folded paper from the envelope and began to read . 
 the letter from her mother lucy was uncharacteristically short , and from the date , frances could see that it was written shortly after frances 's departure from melbourne . 
 dearest franny -- it seems as though you have been gone for years , but i keep having to remind myself that you only left yesterday ! 
 needless to say , your dear old mother misses you terribly , and hopes you 're settling in well with your new position . 
 i still ca n't completely understand why you wanted to work in tasmania , but knowing your sweet and most generous nature , i can only suppose that you wanted to give herbert and me some room , and some time to get to know each other . 
 in that regard , my dear , i can never thank you enough . 
 now franny , i have some rather important news to impart to you . 
 i will endeavour to keep the details to a minimum , which may astound you , given that brevity was never one of my strong points . 
 i hardly know where to begin , but before i go into the particulars , i want to assure you that i 'm very well , so you have no need to worry yourself on that score . 
 now this news might come as a surprise to you , dear girl , so it might be best to sit down and compose yourself . 
 mr fairbrother , or ` herbie ' as i affectionately call him , has just proposed to me , and i 've accepted him . 
 what do you think of that , franny ? 
 your dear old mother agreeing to marry a man who is ten years her junior ! 
 not bad for a woman of my advanced years ! 
 frances let the letter fall from her hand . 
 positioning herself under a nearby canopy of rustling leaves , she stared vacantly beyond the sloping velvet lawns and pyramidal trees to wintersleigh . 
 through the dazzling sunlight , the lofty white house , with its sweeping verandahs and large windows , seemed to shimmer like a mirage . 
 frances blinked through the fragrant afternoon haze , and by the time she re-opened her eyes , the mirage had vanished . 
 the sun had dipped behind a passing cloud , and the house , a shade darker , loomed in the foreground , shadowed and imposing . 
 frances blinked again , but the mirage did not return . 
 tears filled her eyes , and before she could stop their flow , she was crying . 
 louisa , in the meantime , had just finished luncheon and was about to drift through another torporific afternoon , when an unexpected visitor was shown into the vestibule . 
 it was an old friend of louisa 's , and while the two friends receded into the sumptuous realm of the drawing room , a servant girl was instructed to fetch frances from the grounds , and accompany her back to the house . 
 in spite of frances 's sobs and sniffles she still heard the servant calling her name , and having no desire to return to the house , she looked about her for somewhere to hide . 
 she decided to take refuge in one of the estate 's outhouses , and had just snuck inside when she almost tripped over her beloved bicycle , which was resting up against the wall . 
 its mere presence was enough to cheer her flagging spirits , and without giving her next course of action much thought , she wheeled her bicycle out of the building , mounted the seat and cycled away as fast as she could . 
 her surroundings soon became a confused blur , except for the image of the servant girl who was clearly visible on the garden path . 
 ` i wo n't be long ! ' 
 frances declared , saying the first thing that came into her head . 
 ` i just need to stretch my legs ! ' 
 fortunately for frances she saw no-one else on her journey to the wintersleigh front gates . 
 the gardener was pruning on the other side of the estate , and none of the servants inside the house saw her fleeing figure recede into the distance . 
 having passed through the wrought iron gates into the outside world , she was aware that she was breathless , and that her skirt had ridden up above her knees . 
 after repositioning her skirt to a more modest position , she inhaled deeply , letting the air fill her nostrils and lungs . 
 she was feeling calmer already , and as her wheels crunched over the road , she looked about her . 
 scrubby bushland and towering eucalypts dotted the landscape , punctuated by the occasional farm and homestead . 
 she soon discerned farm labourers in the field , and despite the fast pace at which she was travelling , she could feel their eyes upon her as she rode past them . 
 this unwelcome attention reminded her of the conversation she had had with the woman on the ship coming over to tasmania , and feelings of exhilaration were soon replaced by anxiety , and a creeping sense of self-consciousness . 
 to further complicate matters , her once neatly dressed hair had spontaneously released itself from the combs and pins that were holding the composition together , and now a thick long plait of golden hair hung conspicuously over her shoulder . 
 any doubts about the gender of the lone cyclist were now at an end , and the further she traversed down the road , the more attention she seemed to be attracting . 
 it was n't long before she was aware that she was being pursued . 
 frances had , in the past , read newspaper articles about women cyclists being harangued , and even assaulted by male onlookers , but she had never personally experienced any abuse . 
 a derogatory whistle was about as much as she had received , but in the end it was all harmless and no-one got hurt . 
 having said that , she often cycled with other people , and she was not accustomed to riding alone . 
 she certainly had no experience of riding down an unfamiliar country road , with a stranger in pursuit . 
 in her anxiety , frances quickened her pace , but to her dismay , the person behind her on horseback hastened after her . 
 as fit and strong as she was , she knew she was no match for a horse . 
 not knowing what else to do , she tightened her grip on the bicycle 's cross-bar and kept her eyes focussed on the road ahead . 
 no matter how hard she tried to ignore the clip-clopping sound of the horse 's hooves directly behind her , the noise grew louder in her ears . 
 in the next moment , the horse and its young male rider were beside her . 
 ` hullo there ! ' 
 frances called out to him , in a voice that belied her trepidation . 
 she secretly hoped that her pre-emptive greeting might create a good impression with the stranger . 
 ` a beautiful day , is n't it ? ' 
 evidently the rider did n't share frances 's sentiments . 
 he regarded her with a quizzical look , as if he were studying some rare and exotic animal at the zoo . 
 after a moment or two of bemused observation , he burst out laughing , and without saying a word , bolted off down the road , kicking up a trail of dust behind him . 
 unless frances 's ears deceived her , she could have sworn she heard his hoots of laughter well into the distance . 
 while frances was relieved that her fears has n't been realised , she was nonetheless still shaken by what had taken place . 
 without a moment of delay she pulled over to the side of the road and dismounted her bicycle . 
 by now her whole body was aquiver with nerves , and it took her some time before she could control her breathing . 
 indignant tears began to blind her eyes , and after wheeling her beloved bicycle over the ditch at the side of the road , she hid it amongst a dense profusion of native lilac . 
 while it grieved her to abandon her ` freedom machine , ' as she fondly labelled it , she had to remind herself that it was only for a short time . 
 as soon as she was able to , she would return to this very spot , and rescue her bicycle . 
 in the meantime , frances continued her unplanned journey by foot . 
 by this stage her tears had increased in intensity , and a combination of strong emotion , brought about by her mother 's letter , and lethargy , caused by her earlier exertions on the bicycle , made her uncharacteristically reckless . 
 for the next few hours she traipsed about the countryside , giving no thought as to her intended destination . 
 the truth was that she cared little about where the roads were taking her . 
 that was until heavy dollops of rain started to fall from the sky . 
 the abrupt change of weather brought home to her how vulnerable she now was , and in a moment of desperation , she fervently wished that she was back with her aunt at wintersleigh , comfortably ensconced in a drawing room chair , and drinking a hot cup of tea . 
 the further frances walked , however , the likelihood of this last scenario eventuating , seemed ever more distant . 
 chapter three wine and prison escapees the cracking sound of a gun-shot woke michael brearly from his drunken slumber . 
 ` good god ! ' 
 he exclaimed , sitting upright in the armchair on which he was sprawled . 
 he rubbed his bloodshot eyes with the sleeve of his unbuttoned shirt , and looked about his study in some consternation . 
 hearing a second and closer shot , he rose unsteadily to his feet and staggered over to his bedroom window to take a look outside . 
 in his haste to get to the window , he knocked over the empty bottle of wine he had been drinking from earlier in the afternoon . 
 he had just bent down to pick up the bottle from the floor , when a servant burst into the room . 
 ` i 'm sorry to intrude , sir , ' the servant began breathlessly , ` but -- ' ` but what , dobson ? ' 
 an irritated michael questioned . 
 he hid the incriminating evidence of the bottle behind a picture frame on a nearby shelf , and stood up straight . 
 ` this had better be good , ' he slurred . 
 ` i do n't appreciate people interrupting me when i 'm working . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , sir , but it 's plenty important . ' 
 ` nothing short of a death or the prospect of easy money will rouse my interest at this point , ' michael replied , unsteadily returning to his chair . 
 ` so , which is it ? 
 death or money ? ' 
 ` neither , sir . 
 there 's another trespasser in the fields . 
 macmillan 's in the fields now with ` is rifle . ' 
 ` well , what do you expect me to do about it ? 
 it sounds as though macmillan has everything under control . ' 
 ` but , sir , ' dobson protested . 
 ` i do n't want to hear about it , dobson . 
 i have no intention of involving myself in this matter , and that is final . ' 
 ` but what about the reward money ? ' 
 michael pricked up his ears . 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 he said , eyeing his servant shrewdly . 
 ` there 's a reward out for that wilson prisoner that escaped last week . 
 if me memory serves me right , it were quite a tidy sum . ' 
 a combination of greed and a feeling of bravado , both brought about by excess drinking , made michael hasten towards the door . 
 ` well come on then . 
 do n't just stand there like a scarecrow . 
 we have a villain to catch . ' 
 without waiting for dobson , he rushed out of his room towards the landing . 
 by the time he was half way down the stairs , his servant handed him his coat and boots . 
 he changed his clothing at the foot of the stairs , and supporting his throbbing head with an unsteady hand , he migrated to the back door . 
 dobson joined him there , and together they stepped out into the night . 
 as soon as they left the house , however , michael 's nerves began to fail him . 
 he had never been overly fond of the dark , and coupled with the prospect of encountering a prison escapee , he was beginning to feel rather unwell . 
 the lure of the reward money soon diverted his anxious thoughts , and feigning confidence , he strode out into the darkness . 
 without a lamp he had no idea where he was going , and it was n't long before he began tripping over invisible objects in his path . 
 ` are ya sure ya do n't wan na lamp , sir ? ' 
 dobson whispered . 
 ` do n't be impudent . 
 he 'll see us coming from a mile away ! ' 
 dobson 's shoulders slumped despondently . 
 he was not used to his master treating him with such rudeness , and not wishing to excite any more of the young man 's drunken ill-will , he bit his lip and made no rejoinder . 
 in the meantime , he followed michael at a disrespectful distance . 
 ` but what if macmillan shoots us by mistake ? ' 
 dobson eventually inquired . 
 ` providing i 'm the one who does n't get shot , i 'll dismiss the ` paragon of ineptitude ' from my employ . 
 are you satisfied ? ' 
 dobson was anything but satisfied . 
 ` very comforting , ' he lied . 
 ` now , never mind about macmillan . 
 where did you say this trespasser was ? ' 
 ` near the fence , but if i was ` im , i would of cleared off when i ` eard the gun shots . ' 
 ` fascinating , ' michael replied . 
 ` when next i require your opinion , i 'll be sure to ask you for it . ' 
 dobson said nothing to this , but his moustache twitched agitatedly . 
 ` so , ' michael added conversationally , unaware that he had insulted his servant , ` what 's this wilson fellow in gaol for anyway ? 
 forgery was it ? 
 or robbery perhaps ? ' 
 as he waited for a reply to his question , he felt the cool breeze nudge his neck and face . 
 ` murder , ' dobson remarked casually . 
 ` oh , i see , ' michael began , ` i was just going to say ... ' suddenly the reality of dobson 's words struck him . 
 he stopped walking and caught his breath . 
 ` did you just say murder ? ' 
 he then grew strangely quiet , and his eyes began to dart fearfully about him . 
 ` yep , murder . 
 killed ` is victim with ` is bare hands . 
 was due to be hung next week . ' 
 ` good god ! ' 
 michael exclaimed , feeling shivers of terror ripple up his spine . 
 ` i , i think i 've heard more than enough for one evening . ' 
 he instinctively sidled up to his servant . 
 ` you aint frightened are ya , sir ? ' 
 ` frightened ? ' 
 michael echoed . 
 ` no , ' he lied . 
 ` what makes you think i 'm chicken-hearted ? 
 i was just going to say how late it was , that 's all . 
 there 's no sense in gadding about like this . 
 best if we went back . ' 
 ` wait , ' dobson said , grabbing a sudden hold of his master 's arm . 
 ` did ya hear that ? ' 
 the only sound in michael 's ears was the thudding of his heartbeat . 
 ` it 's comin ' from over there , ' dobson added , setting off towards several lichen covered rocks that were stacked up alongside the fence . 
 ` god in heaven , ' michael murmured under his breath , sensing that the last moments of his life were swiftly approaching . 
 dobson stoically stood his ground . 
 ` is that you , macmillan ? ' 
 he asked in a raised voice . 
 ` if you 're there , macmillan , do n't bloody shoot us . ' 
 there was no answer . 
 ` i know someone 's there , ' dobson persisted . 
 ` show us your face now , or me companion will blast you in ` alf with his gun . ' 
 ` what gun ? ' 
 michael whispered . 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` they do n't call my friend , ` bullseye brearly ' for nothin , ' dobson declared loudly to whom-ever might be listening . 
 ` best shot this side of the river . ' 
 in the next moment , dobson 's ears detected movement , and he swung around to face the opposite direction . 
 ` get ` im , sir ! ' 
 he cried out without warning . 
 ` over there ! ' 
 he then dashed forward with great urgency . 
 while dobson lurched through the dark obscurity towards the trespasser , michael remained rooted to the spot . 
 he was too confused to speak , let alone follow his servant 's instructions . 
 he soon perceived the sounds of a scuffle , followed by a rip of fabric . 
 ` do n't shoot me ! ' 
 a desperate voice cried out . 
 ` please do n't shoot ! ' 
 to the surprise of both men , it was a woman 's voice . 
 dobson quickly let go of his captive , and a young , out of breath woman emerged before them . 
 ` please , i beg you , ' she pleaded , holding up her hands , as if in surrender . 
 ` do n't hurt me . 
 i 've done nothing wrong . 
 i 'm lost . 
 i 'm frances , ' she said breathlessly . 
 ` frances norwood . 
 louisa wentworth 's niece . ' 
 chapter four a time to explain an hour later , in the warmth and relative safety of rosewood house 's drawing room , michael brearly and his new acquaintance were deep in conversation . 
 ` what can i say , miss norwood ? ' 
 michael was trying to explain , ` i 've already apologised a score of times for what happened . ' 
 ` i thought you were going to kill me , ' frances said , her voice shaking with emotion . 
 ` what with ? 
 i was n't even carrying a gun . ' 
 ` no , you were n't , but that other man was . 
 he fired two shots in my direction . 
 i was so scared i did n't know which way to run ! ' 
 ` macmillan was just doing his job , for once . 
 you ca n't blame a man for doing that . ' 
 ` that may be the case , but when your other servant saw me , he encouraged you to shoot me . 
 i distinctly heard him refer to you as bullseye brearly . ' 
 ` i would n't worry about him , ' michael assured . 
 ` i intend to dismiss that impudent wretch later this evening . 
 as for me , i 've never shot anything in my life . 
 well , not intentionally anyway . ' 
 michael rubbed his aching temples . 
 ` and while we 're apportioning blame , miss norwood , i 'd like to know why you were gadding around in the dark . 
 were you aware that you were trespassing on private property ? ' 
 ` no i was not , and in answer to your first question , i was lost . ' 
 she made no mention of her bicycling escapades . 
 ` when i saw the light from your house , i thought i 'd be safe . 
 obviously i was wrong . ' 
 michael 's patience was exhausted . 
 ` and how did you come to be lost , miss norwood ? 
 were you taking a walk ? 
 if that were the case , i 'm surprised louisa wentworth allowed you to go rambling about on your own . ' 
 frances faltered . 
 ` without wishing to go into specifics , i did n't exactly obtain her permission . ' 
 ` i see , ' he answered . 
 ` well , all is well that ends well , as they say . 
 as for my servants , they did their best , under the circumstances . 
 they thought you were a prison escapee . ' 
 in spite of her anger , frances smiled . 
 ` a prison escapee ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 that murderer . 
 wilson i think his name is . 
 escaped from gaol . ' 
 ` you do n't mean oliver wilson ? 
 aunt wentworth 's old gardener ? ' 
 ` i do n't know . 
 you 'd have to ask dobson . 
 he can tell you all about him . ' 
 he crossed the room and rang the tinkling service bell . 
 dobson appeared almost at once . 
 he had , in fact , been eavesdropping outside the door , along with two other servants . 
 ` yes , sir ? ' 
 dobson answered as he made his cautious entrance . 
 ` ya called me ? ' 
 michael surveyed dobson with evident suspicion . 
 ` you 're very efficient this evening , dobson . 
 i 've only just sent for you . 
 very prompt indeed . ' 
 ` thank ya , sir . 
 i do me best . ' 
 ` yes , i 'm sure you do , although you 're working very diligently for someone who is no longer employed in this household . ' 
 dobson 's eyes widened . 
 ` are ya givin ' me the boot , sir ? ' 
 michael hesitated for words . 
 the combination of wine and fatigue had clouded his judgement , and he realised that he was in no fit state to give serious consideration to anything . 
 ` get me some muffins for later and i 'll think about it . ' 
 ` yes , sir , ' dobson replied , solemnly making his way towards the door . 
 ` oh , and dobson ? ' 
 michael said , before his servant had reached the doorway . 
 ` what was wilson really in gaol for ? ' 
 dobson managed a grin . 
 ` seems he likes stealing pigs . ' 
 ` hmm , ' michael replied . 
 ` i thought so . 
 very well , dobson . 
 that will be all . ' 
 just before an exultant dobson withdrew from the room , michael called his name again . 
 once more dobson turned around . 
 ` i do n't advise you to skulk outside that door for too long , ' michael advised . 
 ` despite the fact that you have other more important duties to attend to , it 's very draughty in that corridor . 
 i would n't want you to catch cold . ' 
 a dumbfounded dobson just stared . 
 ` yes , sir , ' he said , his eyes gleaming with amusement . 
 he then hurriedly took his leave . 
 ` i can see that nothing escapes your attention , ' frances remarked , once the door had been closed and they were alone again . 
 she was too busy laughing to notice that she was now the object of the young man 's attention . 
 michael brearly was not in the habit of staring at strangers , particularly young ladies , but somehow tonight was different , and he could n't seem to help behaving uncharacteristically . 
 he appraised her for several more moments , considering how enchanting she looked in the firelight , wearing one of his shirts , an old pair of his trousers , and his large black frock coat wrapped around her shoulders . 
 she was not what some would call beautiful , but there was a natural dignity and refinement in all her features . 
 she was in her mid-twenties , he surmised , and from her slender , well proportioned limbs , her considerable height , which must dwarf many of her fellow sex , to her glossy sepia coloured hair of excessive fineness , she seemed to be the living embodiment of health and wholesome youth . 
 frances , meanwhile , was acutely aware of being observed , and could feel the blood rush to her cheeks . 
 her discomfort , however , only made her dusky eyes more dazzling to michael , and he was so captivated by the depth of candour and intelligence in them , that he did n't initially hear her speak . 
 ` i , i think it best if i returned home now , ' frances repeated in a louder voice . 
 ` my aunt must be frantic . ' 
 in her state of self-consciousness , she let her eyes wander over to a little oil painting in a gold frame that echoed some coastal scene . 
 these words finally brought michael back to his senses , and he could see straight away that his lack of manners had made his companion uncomfortable . 
 ` please forgive me , ' he hastened to say . 
 ` it seems my mind was elsewhere . ' 
 he anxiously cleared his throat . 
 despite his best efforts to avoid looking at frances , he felt his eyes being drawn to her firm mouth . 
 in fact , her face at that moment seemed so welcoming , so inviting , that it seemed almost perverse to him that etiquette disallowed him from admiring it . 
 the only way he could break the woman 's spell was to move further away from her , and turning his back to her , he made his way over to the window . 
 he felt more composed already . 
 ` i regret to tell you , miss norwood that it is impossible for me to return you to wintersleigh tonight . 
 i have a very important visit to make , and i will be using my carriage for that purpose . ' 
 frances began to feel uneasy . 
 ` and can i not accompany you ? ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , but no . 
 my travels take me to the other side of rokeby . 
 wintersleigh is in completely the opposite direction . ' 
 ` but what am i to do about my aunt ? 
 you told me earlier that you are her close friend . 
 surely you must know what she 's like . 
 you can imagine , perhaps , how worried she is ... ' ` i can imagine , yes , but there is no need to concern yourself on that score . 
 a message has already been sent to her , and i daresay she 'll have you brought home before bedtime . 
 in the interim , your clothes will be dried and mended , a meal will be prepared for you , and if you need to occupy yourself , i have a well-stocked library . ' 
 ` thank you . 
 you are very kind . ' 
 ` not at all , ' he said , glancing up at a clock on the mantelpiece . 
 ` and now i must go . 
 i have a most pressing engagement . ' 
 ` might i ask how long you are likely to be ? ' 
 ` one can never be sure about such things , but i suspect you 'll be well and truly at home at wintersleigh by the time i return . 
 if that is the case , i bid you adieu ! ' 
 michael then walked over to the drawing room doorway and paused . 
 ` given that we are now neighbours , miss norwood , i imagine our paths will cross again . 
 i just hope our future meetings wo n't be so eventful . ' 
 before frances had a chance to reply to this light-hearted comment , michael brearly left the room , shutting the door gently behind him . 
 chapter five an unpleasant discovery several hours had now elapsed since michael 's departure from rosewood house , and still he had not returned . 
 in his absence , frances had eaten dinner , changed back into her own clothes and had spent the evening drifting down corridors , through book-lined rooms and up and down the stairs , searching for anything to interest or amuse her . 
 she found little to this purpose , except for the library , which as michael brearly had promised her , contained an extensive and fascinating collection of books , and to her surprise , medical journals and papers . 
 she spent at least an hour sifting through the assortment of books until at last , having selected something to read , she closed the door and made her way downstairs . 
 a small fire , just re-kindled by a servant , awaited her in the drawing room , and under the light from the gasoliers , she sank gratefully into a chippendale chair beside the fireplace . 
 she had hardly reached the third page of her book of poetry , when a loud meow , emanating from beside the chair , commanded her attention . 
 she peered curiously over the arm rest to see a rather rotund cat , with a smug , aristocratic face , looking up at her . 
 she had seen this cat earlier in her travels , but she had only caught fleeting glimpses of his cloudy ginger fur and a mass of white whiskers . 
 she had called out to him on several occasions , but to her frustration he ignored her . 
 from the way he pompously presided over his domain , it was clear to frances that he had more important things to do with his time -- until now -- now that there was a fire glowing in the grate , and an empty lap in front of him . 
 frances smiled and patted her lap . 
 this time the cat jumped up and landed heavily on frances 's legs . 
 she had not counted on him being so heavy , and moving her legs slightly to accommodate his substantial weight , she accidentally knocked the poetry book off the chair . 
 it landed on the floor with a dull thud . 
 clutching the animal with one hand , she reached over and claimed the book with the other . 
 as she was retrieving it , a small piece of note paper slipped from its musty pages and fluttered to her lap . 
 before the cat collapsed on top of it she picked the note up and studied it . 
 despite her first impressions , it was not just a piece of paper . 
 it was a photograph of a remarkably beautiful young woman -- a woman whom frances knew very well . 
 frances stared down glumly at the picture of her eldest cousin , agnes wentworth . 
 at twenty-five years of age , the same age as frances , agnes was louisa wentworth 's favourite and most admired daughter . 
 over the years , frances had heard detailed accounts of agnes 's life , mainly through a procession of letters written by louisa to frances 's mother . 
 according to these letters , agnes had blossomed into a very fine young woman , was accomplished in every respect , was admired by all those who knew her , and would no doubt make a very prudent marriage . 
 every facet of agnes 's life , it seemed , had been documented , to the delight of her adoring mother , and to the collective groans of despair from the letters ' recipients -lrb- frances and her mother included -rrb- . 
 while louisa sang the praises of her eldest daughter in the loudest of voices , charlotte , her younger daughter , was seldom mentioned . 
 charlotte was the plainer of the two , had , according to her mother , no finesse or savoir-faire , and was too quiet and insular . 
 to make matters worse , the twenty year-old had married a local church minister , cyril beckett , a man who was almost twice charlotte 's age . 
 louisa believed this to be an imprudent marriage , and could never quite reconcile herself to charlotte 's choice -lrb- little did she know that charlotte had married cyril primarily to get away from louisa ! -rrb- . 
 another concern for louisa was that charlotte had married before her elder sister , something louisa considered unseemly . 
 in most respects , it seemed charlotte was a weed in the wentworth family 's rose garden . 
 frances fixed her eyes on agnes 's face and was immediately filled with loathing . 
 her aversion to agnes had begun in childhood when the ten year old agnes haughtily , and with much conviction , informed frances that she was n't good enough to play with her . 
 frances was n't from a wealthy family , did n't have agnes 's advantages in life , and in short , was considered to be beneath her rich and pretty cousin . 
 frances assumed that agnes 's opinion of her would change when agnes got older , but it never did . 
 so long as agnes maintained her rigid views about class and privilege , the division between the two cousins remained . 
 as quickly as she could , frances shoved agnes 's photograph back into the recesses of the closed book , where it belonged . 
 she then sighed and sank back further into her chair . 
 across the room she caught an unsatisfactory reflection of her face in the mantelpiece mirror . 
 her mind returned to the photograph of agnes in the poetry book , and she began to wonder what it was doing there . 
 had it been deliberately discarded , or had someone lost it ? 
 perhaps it was agnes 's book , and she had let michael brearly borrow it . 
 but why would she put a photograph of herself in a book ? 
 it did n't make sense . 
 frances closed her eyes and took a deep breath . 
 up until this moment she had been feeling quite calm about the situation she now found herself in . 
 her harrowing day was almost over , she was miles away from her officious aunt , and she was beginning to enjoy her rare piece of solitude , as it gave her time to contemplate her future . 
 her future . 
 the words stuck in her throat like a fish bone . 
 she was reminded of her mother 's letter , and while she tried to recall her mother 's exact words , she unconsciously began stroking the cat 's velveteen fur . 
 while the cat 's contented purring became the prevailing sound in the room , frances wondered how she could possibly respond to her mother 's announcement . 
 she could wilfully ignore the letter -lrb- a course of action that would serve little purpose -rrb- , she could write a congratulatory -lrb- yet dishonest -rrb- letter , or she could write her mother an honest account of the distress she had felt since hearing of the engagement . 
 each option seemed equally disagreeable to frances , and at a loss for what to do , she looked down at her feline companion and began scratching him under the chin . 
 the cat 's purring grew louder , and soon lulled her into a dreamy state of sleepiness . 
 chapter six getting acquainted when michael returned to rosewood house just after eleven-thirty that night , dobson informed him that miss norwood was fast asleep on an armchair in the drawing room . 
 the fire in the grate had long since died to cold white ash , and without the light from the gasoliers , the room was swathed in a seemingly impenetrable darkness . 
 michael cut through the silent blackness with his candle , and approached his sleeping guest , who at that stage was recumbent in the chair . 
 her head had rolled back onto the headrest and was lolling to one side . 
 a heavy woollen blanket , once positioned over her legs , was now lying abandoned at her feet on the floor , and henry , michael 's beloved cat , was happily entrenched between her and the armrest . 
 michael smiled , and leaning over as quietly as he could , attempted to reclaim the fallen blanket . 
 unfortunately for michael , stealth was never one of his strong points , and not only did he rouse henry from his sleep , but he lost his balance at a crucial moment , dropping the candle onto the rug beneath his feet . 
 within seconds , the peaceful scene was destroyed . 
 frances awoke from her slumber with an abrupt start . 
 ` wha ... what is it ? ' 
 she cried . 
 ` what has happened ? ' 
 michael , meanwhile , was on his haunches on the floor , scrabbling about to retrieve the candle before it scorched his late mother 's favourite oriental rug . 
 henry had long since fled out the door . 
 ` it 's all right , miss norwood , ' michael said in his most re-assuring voice . 
 ` i very nearly set fire to the house , but apart from that , everything is under control . ' 
 ` well , you certainly know how to capture someone 's attention , ' frances said , her voice suggestive of sleep . 
 ` this is the second time you 've tried to kill me in one night . ' 
 michael grinned , and now having the candle in his possession , he collapsed into an easy chair beside the sofa , and set down the candle on a nearby table . 
 ` strange , ' michael said , ` a lot of my patients tell me the same thing . 
 please do n't take it personally . 
 i do n't discriminate . ' 
 the flare of light soon illuminated the cover page of the poetry book that frances had been reading earlier , and he instinctively picked it up . 
 ` you 're a doctor ? ' 
 ` unfortunately , yes , ' michael replied , casually flicking through the pages of the volume . 
 frances sat up in her chair and rubbed the sleep from her eyes . 
 ` i was wondering why your library was filled with medical journals . 
 now it 's all beginning to make sense . ' 
 she watched him earnestly . 
 ` do n't you like being a doctor ? ' 
 michael 's face clouded over . 
 the wine he had drunk earlier in the day was beginning to make his head pound . 
 ` not especially . ' 
 he would have said more on the subject had he not then discovered the portrait photograph of agnes wentworth , tucked in between the pages . 
 his brows furrowed with curiosity . 
 ` i wonder what this is doing in here , ' he remarked , studying it by the shadowy light of the candle . 
 ` this should be in a frame . ' 
 in spite of his words , he slammed the book shut without another thought and deposited it on the table . 
 ` is that agnes 's book ? ' 
 frances asked . 
 ` would you like me to return it to wintersleigh ? ' 
 a perturbed michael looked about the room . 
 ` no , no , ' he replied hurriedly . 
 ` that will not be necessary . 
 that book belongs to me . ' 
 he got to his feet . 
 ` speaking of wintersleigh , miss norwood , i thought you would have been there by now . 
 has louisa not responded to my message ? ' 
 frances hesitated . 
 ` oh yes . 
 i received a message some time ago . 
 i will spare you the deprecating remarks she made about my earlier conduct . 
 i feel they were unwarranted and unjust . 
 suffice to say that she 's too angry at present to receive me . 
 she feels that if she sees me in her current mood , she 'll say something to me that she will not regret . ' 
 a short interval passed . 
 ` without wishing to impose on your kindness and hospitality , doctor brearly , she wishes me remain here tonight . 
 she hopes to see you tomorrow morning , when she comes to collect me . ' 
 michael 's tense features relaxed into a smile . 
 ` of course , you can stay . 
 quite frankly , i will be glad of some company . ' 
 his rumbling stomach reminded him that he had not yet eaten dinner . 
 ` are you hungry , miss norwood ? ' 
 he asked rather abruptly . 
 ` would you like some breakfast ? ' 
 ` breakfast ? ' 
 frances cried in amazement . 
 ` but it 's nearly midnight , the witching hour when graveyards yawn . ' 
 ` yes i know , but it 's a brearly tradition . 
 comes from having doctors in the family . 
 our hours are so irregular that we must eat when we can . ' 
 he watched frances yawn . 
 ` but perhaps you are still tired and wish to sleep some more . 
 you must be weary from your earlier brush with death . ' 
 frances considered the offer . 
 while she was very fatigued and in need of more rest , the prospect of lying in a strange bed , with nothing but unpleasant thoughts of her mother 's engagement to keep her company , compelled her to accept doctor brearly 's offer of food . 
 breakfast comprised bacon sandwiches and a cup of steaming cocoa , and was consumed in the breakfast room , in the glow of a recently lit fire . 
 despite being strangers , thrown together under rather exceptional circumstances , there was never a shortage of things to say . 
 they soon discovered , for instance , that they enjoyed the noble sport of cricket , and nearly an hour was spent discussing the attributes of their favourite players . 
 before they realised it , seven hours had gone by , and in that time they had scarcely paused to draw breath . 
 the sunlight was now streaming in and cast its abundant rays onto the buttercup yellow walls and onto the vigorous looking parlour palms that adorned each corner of the room . 
 the welcoming light cheered their already high spirits , and they would have continued chatting for another seven hours had they not been disturbed by the sound of louisa wentworth 's rapidly approaching footsteps . 
 in the next moment a breathless louisa was standing just inside the breakfast room doorway . 
 ` hurry ! ' 
 she commanded , without one word of greeting to either michael or frances . 
 ` he is heading down the drive , towards the front door . 
 i just overtook him in the carriage . ' 
 her chest was heaving with the unaccustomed exertion of doing physical exercise . 
 ` oh , michael , what are we going to do ? ' 
 michael was speechless with bewilderment . 
 ` i , who , what ? ' 
 he nervously adjusted his spectacles . 
 ` what is going on ? ' 
 ` how can you not hear his voice ? 
 he is squalling like a fish hawker . 
 if you leave now by the back door , ' louisa was saying , ` i could tell him that you are not at home . 
 he would be none the wiser . ' 
 while this exchange was taking place , frances wondered whether her aunt 's unusual behaviour was a result of frances 's escapade the day before . 
 she tried to apologise . 
 ` not now , frances , ' louisa replied , barely giving her a second of her attention . 
 despite her aunt 's warning , frances chose , rather injudiciously , to proceed with her explanation . 
 ` i had just finished reading a most troubling letter from my mother -- ' ` hush ! ' 
 louisa snapped . 
 ` we have far more pressing concerns on our minds than your mother . ' 
 in the background , a young man 's booming voice began to echo throughout the house . 
 ` i know you 're at home , michael , so there 's no point in trying to avoid me . ' 
 an evident shudder of recognition coursed through michael , and for the first time amidst the uproarious scene , he looked genuinely concerned . 
 the muscles on his handsome face tightened . 
 ` i wonder how he knew i was here , ' he whispered to louisa and frances . 
 ` perhaps dobson told him where i was . ' 
 ` and before you ask , michael , ' the man 's voice continued to bellow , ` i saw the silhouette of your fat head through the window . ' 
 michael exhaled a disconsolate sigh . 
 ` it 's just as i feared . 
 there 's no escaping him now . ' 
 ` who is it ? ' 
 frances asked louisa . 
 ` no-one worth knowing , ' louisa replied . 
 ` now , hold your tongue . ' 
 she determinedly positioned herself in front of frances , as though she was shielding her niece from a horde of marauding barbarians . 
 ` if you stay still and do not speak , he might not even realise you are here . ' 
 frances 's face dropped . 
 ` humphh , ' she muttered under her breath . 
 ` so much for tasmanian hospitality . ' 
 chapter seven an unwelcome arrival archibald george brearly , or ` george , ' as he preferred to be called , stood defiantly in the door-way of rosewood house 's breakfast room , with a large brown carpetbag in one hand , and a felt hat in the other . 
 as he surveyed the mute occupants of the room before him , his lips parted into a smile . 
 ` michael ! ' 
 he eventually exclaimed . 
 ` it 's me ! 
 your favourite brother ! ' 
 ` what are you talking about , george ? ' 
 michael retorted . 
 ` how can you be my favourite brother when you 're the only one i have ? ' 
 ` because the odds are in my favour , ' george replied , before carelessly dropping his hat and bag on the floor beside him . 
 ` now , enough of this sparkling repartee . 
 come here and give me a hug ! ' 
 michael 's face was still rigid with displeasure , and far from embracing his brother , he stood unmoved on the spot . 
 both hands remained defiantly in his pockets . 
 ` will you not even shake my hand ? ' 
 george asked , presumedly impervious to the frosty reception he was receiving . 
 ` oh well . 
 i can only imagine that you 're too overcome with the joy of seeing me to respond to my conciliatory gesture . ' 
 he calmly redirected his attention to louisa . 
 ` and how are you , louey ? ' 
 george inquired irreverently . 
 ` i can see you 're looking as provocatively fetching as ever . ' 
 ` george , ' louisa began , compressing her lips , ` what an agreeable surprise this is . ' 
 the cold look in her eyes , however , declared the opposite . 
 ` i trust you are tolerably well ? ' 
 ` as well as can be expected , considering that i had to walk here from the ferry terminal . 
 two miles over muddied terrain , although with this luggage it felt like five . 
 i 'm as stiff as an old horse . 
 not that i 'm complaining , mind you . 
 i 'm not the sort of person to cry , ` woe is me ! 
 woe is me ! ' 
 it was n't all bad . 
 i saw some very choice scenery on the way , and had an awfully interesting encounter with mr periman 's dog from down the road . 
 see these rips ? ' 
 he said , pointing to several jagged tears in his trousers , ` evidence of my close encounter with death . 
 i was actually hoping for some cheap sympathy , ' george added , after no-one answered him , ` but i suppose ... ' ` george , ' michael interrupted , ` what , may i ask , are you doing here ? ' 
 a bemused george looked from michael to louisa , then from louisa to michael . 
 ` well i thought that was fairly apparent , you duffer . 
 i 've come to atone for my sins . 
 i therefore prostrate myself before you , and offer you my humblest apologies for missing your wedding . ' 
 ` what are you talking about , george ? ' 
 michael growled . 
 ` i do wish you would talk some sense . ' 
 before george could reply to this , frances emerged from behind her aunt . 
 her curiosity had finally got the better of her , and she felt it beneath her dignity to be hidden from view , whether it was in her best interests or not . 
 ` ah , ' george breathed , ` this must be the unlucky lady . ' 
 he stepped forward , and in a most gentlemanly and chivalrous manner , bowed to her . 
 ` george brearly , at your service , ' he smiled . 
 ` i heartily welcome you to the brearly tribe . ' 
 he then playfully saluted her , before turning towards michael . 
 ` for shame , ' he said , regarding his brother with a rather dark look , ` you did n't tell me that your bride was this beautiful . ' 
 ` george , ' michael said sharply , ` what in heaven 's name are you talking about ? 
 as usual you 've got everything wrong . 
 i daresay you 're talking about the wedding . 
 this young lady is not my wife , and i 'm not getting married until the middle of february . 
 what month is this ? 
 it 's december . ' 
 ` do not waste your breath , michael , ' louisa ventured . 
 ` it will not make any difference to him . ' 
 george looked at michael with some perplexity . 
 ` by jove ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` i could have sworn the wedding was last week . 
 are you quite sure about the date ? 
 perhaps you should consult your diary . ' 
 ` i beg your pardon , ' michael interposed , ` but i think i know the date of my own wedding . 
 it 's not something i 'm likely to forget in a hurry is it ? ' 
 ` oh you 'd be surprised , ' george replied . 
 ` it happened to a friend of mine last year . 
 he went away for a few days and forgot that he was marrying his lady-love on the saturday . 
 he was the object of ridicule for months , although as i seem to recall , he never was too overbright . ' 
 ` george , ' michael cut in impatiently , ` must you always be talking ? ' 
 ` well , not as a general rule , but it 's something to do , is n't it ? ' 
 george caught sight of frances again , and faltered under her intense scrutiny . 
 for ten seconds at least he was lost for words , something of a record for george brearly . 
 he ran a hand through his hair then instinctively attempted to loosen his necktie . 
 his necktie , however , was in one of his pockets -lrb- having been discarded during his gruelling walk to his brother 's residence -rrb- and having nothing now to adjust , he undid the top button on his shirt instead . 
 while he was doing this , he smilingly evaluated his pretty new acquaintance . 
 he noted with exultation that the young woman was reciprocating his gesture . 
 frances had every reason to smile . 
 ever since she had set eyes on the handsome george brearly , her heart had been aflutter with silent admiration . 
 like his older brother , george brearly was blessed with a slender statuesque physique and distinguished face , but that was where the brotherly similarities ended . 
 george 's hair was a lighter shade of brown , he had darker , more expressive eyes , was clean shaven , and at a glance , was more fashionably dressed . 
 his mouth was somewhat larger and fuller than michael 's , and frances suspected that the creases around george 's mouth had been gently forged by years of smiles and merriment . 
 it was an immensely likeable face and frances could have admired it for hours . 
 ` so this is n't your wife then ? ' 
 george asked . 
 ` no , ' michael declared brusquely . 
 michael had witnessed the mutual attraction between frances and george , and it alarmed him considerably . 
 he knew he was powerless to prevent their meeting , but he was not powerless from keeping them together . 
 he decided at once to make the introductions , and have his brother removed as soon as possible . 
 ` george , ' he began coolly , ` allow me to introduce you to miss frances norwood . 
 miss norwood is louisa 's niece . 
 miss norwood , this here is george , my younger brother . ' 
 his lip curled as he uttered george 's name . 
 ` i am four years younger , i confess , ' george acknowledged to frances in a confiding tone , ` but just between you and me , what i lack in years , i make up for in intelligence , an awfully good sense of humour , devastating good looks and twenty eight years of maturity . ' 
 ` and modesty , ' frances added . 
 george chortled . 
 ` well said , miss norwood . 
 well said indeed . ' 
 he gave her an audacious wink . 
 michael cast louisa a significant look , then turned towards his brother . 
 ` well , do n't you want to know who i 'm marrying ? ' 
 he asked . 
 ` i suppose so , ' george conceded , ` but whom-ever she is i pity her greatly . ' 
 ` oh hush , george , ' louisa warned . 
 ` i 'm marrying agnes wentworth . 
 i assume you remember her . ' 
 the light quickly extinguished from george 's eyes and he stopped laughing . 
 ` of course i remember agnes , ' he admitted a little awkwardly . 
 ` i grew up with her . 
 i think i even teased her if i remember correctly . 
 i made her life a misery . ' 
 ` yes , you did , ' michael replied . 
 ` she has n't forgotten it either . ' 
 an indignant george made no comment . 
 at this point , louisa , sensing the impending unpleasantness , took a firm hold of frances 's arm and led her to the door . 
 ` i think it best if we removed ourselves to the drawing room , ' louisa declared to frances in an undertone . 
 frances thought her aunt 's plan was a very prudent one , and allowed herself to be escorted out of the room . 
 as soon as the door had been closed , the battle between the two brothers began in earnest ... chapter eight compromises in the privacy of the breakfast room , michael and george were immersed in conversation . 
 ` what can i say , michael ? ' 
 george began . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` sorry ! ' 
 michael repeated . 
 ` huh ! 
 well , that just takes the cake ! ' 
 ` all right then , i 'm awfully sorry , ' george added with a devious grin . 
 ` i 've been a very naughty boy . ' 
 he threw his brother a playful look , but michael was not amused . 
 he was too busy giving george a stony stare . 
 ` all right , ' george said more soberly , ` i am a dim-witted individual who has made a very grave error . ' 
 he tried to think of something sensible to say . 
 he could not manage it . 
 ` would you like me to kiss your feet for you ? ' 
 ` that wo n't be necessary , ' michael muttered irritably . 
 ` then what can i do to make you forgive me ? ' 
 ` you can stop simpering for one thing . 
 and secondly , you can answer my question . 
 when did you arrive in hobart ? ' 
 ` a few days ago . 
 i was staying at some seedy establishment in town . 
 their walls were painted tomato red . 
 it offended my very delicate sensibilities . ' 
 ` no sympathy , george . 
 you know where i live . 
 it would n't have killed you to let me know that you 'd arrived . ' 
 ` i tried to call you at the telephone bureau office , but evidently you 're not registered , which seems rather curious to me . ' 
 he pulled out a crumpled handkerchief from one of his pockets . 
 ` i thought that a telephone would be an essential thing for a doctor to have . ' 
 he violently blew his nose . 
 ignoring his brother 's censorious looks , he began to wipe his reddened nose with vim . 
 ` ah , that 's better , ' he professed , thrusting the now sodden handkerchief back into his pocket . 
 ` i can now officially breathe . ' 
 to prove the point , george inhaled deeply . 
 ` of course , now i ca n't hear anything , ' he added , ` but -- ' ` do you have any idea how much a private line costs ? ' 
 michael interrupted . 
 ` i recently made some inquiries about installing a telephone and i was told that it would cost three pounds for the first quarter mile , then an additional fifteen shillings for any extra quarter of a mile . ' 
 an interval passed . 
 ` i 'm not made of money you know , despite what you may think . 
 ` anyhow , there 's not much point in installing a line . 
 i daresay most of my patients ca n't afford one . ' 
 ` does louisa have a telephone ? ' 
 ` no . 
 she thinks they make too much noise . ' 
 the brothers exchanged looks , before subsiding into laughter . 
 naturally , george was overjoyed to see michael 's transformation , and in the mistaken belief that michael had forgiven him for his earlier blunder , he resumed talking as though nothing had happened . 
 ` so , ' he began in his naturally bullish voice , ` now that we 're friends again , which bedroom can i take ? 
 my old room , or one of the guest rooms ? ' 
 michael listened to his brother in disbelief . 
 ` now just you wait one moment . 
 when did i invite you to stay at rosewood ? ' 
 he watched george with a frown . 
 ` i did n't . ' 
 ` well , no you did n't , but may i remind you of our father 's dying words ? 
 he wanted me to treat this house as if it were still the family home , despite the fact that you now own it . ' 
 ` yes , papa did say that , but as i recall , you deserted rosewood at the first opportunity you had . 
 i 'm the one who stayed here to look after it for all those years . 
 now , in my books , that should count for something . ' 
 ` well , i agree , but i 'm not asking you for the deeds of the house , or anything like that . 
 really , michael ! 
 i just want a room for a few little months . ' 
 ` a few months ! ' 
 ` exactly so . 
 you just told me that the wedding is n't until february . 
 i ca n't possibly return to melbourne now . 
 i 'd have to come back to hobart in the new year . 
 by jove , man , think of the expense ! ' 
 michael reflected . 
 george was right . 
 the additional expense was unwarranted , particularly when rosewood house could provide adequate long-term accommodation for george until february . 
 ` and what about your studies ? ' 
 ` they 've finished for the year , ' george replied . 
 michael breathed a sigh that was almost a groan , and made his way over to the breakfast table . 
 he then pulled out a chair from the table and slumped wearily into it . 
 his sleepless night was rapidly taking its toll . 
 george shambled after michael , and following his brother 's example , sat himself down at the table . 
 ` so , big brother , inspiration of my life , can i stay ? ' 
 ` i suppose so . ' 
 ` you bee-uwty ! ' 
 george cheered , jumping up and knocking over the chair he had been sitting on . 
 it hit the floor with a loud clatter . 
 ` i would n't look so idiotically delighted , if i were you , ' michael warned , watching george return the chair to the upright position . 
 ` i have n't told you about the ground rules you are to follow , if you are to stay here . ' 
 george 's attention was diverted . 
 ` rules ? ' 
 he repeated . 
 ` yes . 
 otherwise we 'll end up strangling each other . 
 now , if you 'll sit down for a minute , i 'll tell you what they are . ' 
 george seated himself on the chair . 
 ` all right then , out with it . ' 
 ` firstly , and most importantly , you will give me a small contribution weekly . ' 
 ` contribution ? 
 as in a monetary contribution ? ' 
 ` yes , george . 
 for food . 
 admit it , ' michael added , ` you eat like there 's no tomorrow . ' 
 ` i admit i have a healthy appetite , but i 'm no different from any other man . 
 in fact , i have this friend in melbourne who eats twice as much as i do . 
 you should see ... ' ` yes , thank you ! ' 
 michael interrupted . 
 ` i myself am getting hungry , and i have much to organise . 
 if you 'll kindly hold your tongue , i 'll tell you what the second ground rule is . ' 
 ` fair enough , ' george said , crossing his arms across his broad chest . 
 ` in addition to the weekly monetary contribution , i want you to keep your eyes off miss frances norwood . ' 
 ` i beg your pardon ? ' 
 george retorted , almost choking on the words . 
 ` you know what i 'm talking about , ' michael said , fixing his eyes sternly on his brother . 
 ` i saw the way you were looking at her earlier . ' 
 ` why , you lying hound ! ' 
 george laughingly protested . 
 ` do n't deny it . 
 i saw you . ' 
 ` all right , all right , i 'll admit it . 
 i was looking at her . 
 but can you blame me ? 
 she 's a damned fine filly . ' 
 ` steady on , george . 
 all i 'm asking you to do is tread lightly . 
 i know how you treat women , and it worries me . 
 i realise that it 's not always intentional , but you go gadding about with their feelings , and you end up breaking someone 's heart . ' 
 ` i thought you said you were engaged to agnes , ' george asserted , watching michael suspiciously . 
 ` i am . ' 
 ` then why this sudden concern for miss norwood ? ' 
 michael 's colour deepened . 
 ` miss norwood and i met yesterday , and we seem to have a lot in common . 
 i think we could grow to become good friends . 
 i would , therefore , appreciate it if you could behave yourself . ' 
 ` behave myself ? 
 why are you always harping on that string ? 
 you speak to me as though you do n't trust me . ' 
 he started fumbling about in a pocket for his silver cigarette case and a match-box . 
 ` george , please understand this . 
 i do n't trust you , because for most of the time , you do n't deserve to be trusted . 
 take for instance that infatuation you had with mrs eva davis . ' 
 george flinched at the sound of the young woman 's name , but to his credit he was able to retain his equanimity . 
 ` oh come on , michael . 
 you know very well that was just an unfortunate misunderstanding . ' 
 ` a misunderstanding ? 
 is that what you call it ? 
 what utter nonsense ! 
 as i recall , you were embroiled in a scandalous affair . 
 you single-handedly brought mrs davis to her knees . ' 
 george was beginning to look uncharacteristically solemn . 
 ` how was i to know that chit was married ? 
 besides , it was n't quite as serious as everyone made out . 
 it was nothing more than a bit of flirtation and some stolen kisses in the shrubbery . ' 
 michael rose from his chair . 
 ` i 've heard all this before , and your arguments are as unconvincing now as they were back then . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me , i have to go . ' 
 he walked over to the door . 
 ` and do n't even think about smoking those infernal cigarettes in this house . 
 the stench of them endures for an eternity . 
 as for your luggage , i will of course find someone to carry it upstairs for you . ' 
 ` no , michael , ' a disgruntled george replied , ` you shall not . ' 
 he rose to his feet and strode over to the door . 
 ` my personality may be fundamentally flawed , but i think i 'm more than capable of taking my own bag upstairs . ' 
 there was a dead pause , in which time george assumed a sightly theatrical attitude . 
 ` by the bye , i think it perfectly low of you to remind me about eva davis . 
 you know as well as i do that i 've already squared myself with the little lady . ' 
 before michael could reply to this , george ripped open the door and stormed down the corridor , in the direction of rosewood 's main staircase . 
 chapter nine troubled waters luncheon was served in the rosewood dining room several hours later , and frances sat at the dining table , absently toying with the food on her plate . 
 as she prodded her egg and bacon pie with her fork , she reflected on the scene that she had witnessed earlier involving michael and his newly arrived brother . 
 until george brearly 's unexpected appearance she had sensed a growing connection between herself and michael , a bond she felt would only strengthen over time . 
 the revelation , therefore , that he was to marry her cousin agnes , effectively severed this bond , and left her with nothing but a sense of emptiness and disappointment . 
 michael , meanwhile , was informing everyone at the table of george 's plans to remain at rosewood house until the wedding . 
 frances was too engrossed in her own thoughts to pay heed to michael 's words , and was only conscious of her aunt drawing in a sharp breath . 
 uppermost in frances 's mind was michael brearly 's engagement to her cousin . 
 she had discovered from her aunt that they had been engaged for over a year , and that it was common knowledge throughout the neighbourhood . 
 frances thought it odd that michael had neglected to tell her of it , especially after frances had discovered agnes 's photograph in one of his books . 
 to frances 's mind , this would have been the perfect opportunity for him to tell her about it . 
 unconsciously , frances began mashing her pie up with her knife . 
 in the background , louisa was speaking . 
 ` so , george , ' she was saying haughtily , ` i imagine you will be here for christmas then . ' 
 ` you bet i will , ' george replied , beginning to carve up his pie with a violence that made the dining table shake . 
 ` by jove ! 
 there 's enough food here on this plate for me to graze on for weeks ! ' 
 ` george , ' michael said , ` would you please stop shaking the table . 
 it is most inconsiderate . ' 
 george 's hands faltered , and sure enough , the table stopped wobbling . 
 ` i consider myself sufficiently chastened , ' he said smirking . 
 ` i sha n't do it again . ' 
 ` it really does baffle me to see you cut your food like that , ' michael continued . 
 ` i hope you do not intend to operate on your patients with such vigour . ' 
 an amused george promptly burst out laughing . 
 ` it is no joke , ' michael added over the top of george 's laughter . 
 ` you are to be a physician , not a butcher . ' 
 before george could reply to his brother 's quip , louisa intervened . 
 ` and when are you to finish your studies , george ? 
 is it next year or the following year ? ' 
 ` next year , ' george enumerated , spearing a tiny shred of lettuce with alarming accuracy . 
 louisa turned towards frances . 
 ` george is studying medicine at the university of melbourne . ' 
 frances directed an admiring gaze to the younger brother , and in return , george met her glance with another one of his dazzling smiles . 
 ` george is following in his brother 's footsteps , ' louisa explained , ` although as i understand it , george , you will not be practising in hobart . ' 
 ` definitely not , ' george declared , this time stabbing a large piece of tomato . 
 ` hobart is dull . 
 awfully dull . 
 nothing ever happens here , except unemployment rallies . ' 
 he crammed the tomato into his mouth , and ignoring louisa 's looks of disapproval , kept talking with his mouth full . 
 ` melbourne , then again , is where everything happens . ' 
 ` you do not need to convince frances of that , ' louisa came back with . 
 ` frances has spent many years living in melbourne . ' 
 ` have you really ? ' 
 george cried , sitting upright in his chair . 
 ` how wonderful . 
 tell me , miss norwood , what is your opinion of melbourne ? 
 whereabouts were you living ? 
 what did you spend your time doing ? ' 
 frances nibbled her lip thoughtfully . 
 she did n't know which question to answer first , but before she could answer any of the questions , louisa cut in . 
 ` frances , i am afraid to say , rode a bicycle and was a governess . ' 
 ` and what 's wrong with that ? ' 
 george retaliated . 
 ` i do not want to go into details , ' louisa said disdainfully , ` suffice to say that i do not agree with women riding bicycles , or working . 
 it is not seemly . 
 a woman 's place is in the home , most assuredly . ' 
 frances was stung by these words and she looked away . 
 how many times had she heard this rhetoric from her aunt ? 
 it was becoming so wearisome ! 
 ` it is no wonder there are so many unemployed men rallying on the streets , when women are forcing their way into the workplace , ' louisa observed . 
 ` oh , i should die of shame if my daughters ever decided to work . ' 
 she pronounced the last word contemptuously . 
 ` yes , well i do n't have the luxury of living off inheritance money , like some people do , ' a red-faced frances retorted , referring to her aunt . 
 ` if i do n't work , i do n't get paid . 
 what 's more , i 'm of the opinion that working is preferable to being a lady of leisure . 
 i 'm not cut out for a life of drawing , sewing and entertaining friends . ' 
 ` well said , miss norwood , ' george declared , thumping his fist on his lap . 
 ` well said ! ' 
 ` if you think that is all married women do all day , ' louisa explained , ` then you are exceedingly mistaken . 
 they work tirelessly to support their husbands and nurture their children . 
 unlike these supposed modern women , with idle bones in their body , they do not just think of themselves . ' 
 an exasperated frances set down her knife and fork onto her plate . 
 how she hated her aunt sometimes ! 
 as she stared stonily at her aunt , she secretly wondered what she had done to deserve a public dressing down . 
 if only she could defend herself , and tell louisa what she really thought of her ! 
 not wishing to traverse such dangerous territory , frances found her safety in silence . 
 ` ah , do n't you just love family meals , ' george remarked , trying to dispel the awkward silence . 
 ` george , ' michael warned , ` do n't . ' 
 ` all right , all right , ' george said laughingly . 
 ` i was just trying to lighten the mood with an ice-breaker . ' 
 he began drumming his fingers on the table . 
 ` so , miss norwood , ' he persevered in the same light-hearted tone , ` you must love children , then , if you 're a governess . ' 
 ` no , not at all , mr brearly , ' frances confessed . 
 ` i do n't have a maternal bone in my body . ' 
 george erupted into laughter . 
 ` oh , miss norwood ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` what an odd creature you are ! 
 you 're a governess who does n't even like children . 
 how awfully ironic ! ' 
 ` oh , hush , frances ! ' 
 louisa commanded , ` how can you say such things ? ' 
 she cast frances a censorious look . 
 ` do not believe a word of what she is saying . 
 frances likes to say controversial things . 
 speaking of being controversial , ' she went on , ` where is that ghastly bicycle of yours ? 
 the one you fled my house on ? 
 as long as you live under my roof you shall not ride it . ' 
 frances was then reminded of her beloved bike , lying unprotected along the roadside . 
 she vowed to rescue it as soon as possible . 
 ` and will you work here , miss norwood ? ' 
 george asked , ignoring louisa 's comments . 
 ` not if i have anything to do with it , ' louisa griped . 
 ` if frances does decide to stay in hobart , i will have to support her at wintersleigh . 
 unless she marries , of course . ' 
 frances looked miserably down at her plate of mashed pie . 
 while her aunt 's words reverberated painfully in her ears , she wondered how she had ever got herself into such a situation . 
 having little money of her own , louisa 's offer of financial assistance seemed generous , but in essence it was a trap designed to ensnare her . 
 dependency on louisa 's money chained her to wintersleigh until she married -lrb- if she ever married -rrb- and condemned her to a life akin to her aunt 's life of conservatism and domesticity . 
 as frances 's spirit rebelled against that prospect , she silently resolved to seek employment as a governess , and leave wintersleigh as soon as she could . 
 she had the renewed will to leave ; all that remained now was the opportunity . 
 chapter ten and two makes six thanks to george brearly 's entertaining stories of his time at the university of melbourne , the rest of lunch went by smoothly . 
 frances , in fact , was so engrossed by his colourful and often gruesome tales , that by the time she left the table , she had quite forgotten about the earlier altercation with her aunt . 
 not only were her spirits improved , but without realising it at the time , she was completely smitten with the charismatic george brearly . 
 in such a state of light-heartedness , frances followed the party out the front entrance of rosewood house to a large expanse of gravel drive , where louisa 's carriage stood waiting to return the two women home to wintersleigh . 
 in spite of her memorable adventure at rosewood house , frances 's energy was waning , and she was looking forward to catching up on her sleep . 
 while she waited for louisa and michael to end their quietly animated conversation , frances glanced curiously about her . 
 having stumbled upon rosewood house in the middle of the night , she had n't had the opportunity to view any part of the estate . 
 as she now surveyed the building and gardens before her , she realised how beautiful they both were . 
 rosewood house , or ` rosewood , ' as michael preferred to call it , was n't as large or imposing as her aunt 's house , nor were its grounds as vast , but it was still an impressive looking georgian building . 
 it was constructed from sandstone and was festooned with a combination of ivy and rambling rose that crept languidly around the north-facing windows . 
 the flowers were now in blossom , and it seemed to frances that the facade of the house was bathed in a profusion of pink blooms . 
 frances breathed in the sweet perfume of rose that lingered in the air , before taking in every detail of the rest of the idyllic garden . 
 english lavender , she noticed , was a prominent feature in the garden , and not only did it border the gravel drive , but it adorned the area near the path and front door . 
 it too was in flower , and as frances bent over one of the bushes to sniff the redolent , purple flowers , the sound of crunching gravel diverted her attention . 
 she hastily straightened up and squinted through the glare of summer sunlight , just in time to see george brearly approaching her . 
 her heart skipped a beat under the gentle scrutiny of his gaze . 
 ` i see you 're admiring the ol’ paddock , ' george said , bending down and sniffing some lavender . 
 he wrinkled his nose up in disapproval . 
 ` it 's hard not to , mr brearly , ' frances said , looking up once more at the luxurious carpet of roses . 
 ` it 's one of most beautiful gardens i 've ever seen . ' 
 ` do you think so ? 
 humph . 
 i 'm not one for gardens myself . 
 too much work involved . 
 i 'm more of a gravel man . 
 put it everywhere , i say . 
 it does n't need watering or pruning . 
 listen , ' he added , looking about him furtively , ` if you want some of those purple things , i can get you some . ' 
 ` the lavender , you mean ? 
 oh , would you ? 
 i 'd like that . ' 
 ` consider it done , ' george declared gallantly . 
 frances smiled as her new acquaintance tried pulling off pieces with his bare hands . 
 he soon discovered though that lavender stems were not so easy to snap , and in his growing frustration , he practically began wrestling with the disobliging bush . 
 he was so engrossed with his efforts that he did n't hear michael approach him from behind . 
 ` george , ' michael said , hands on hips , ` what in heaven 's name are you doing ? ' 
 george was unperturbed by his brother 's demanding voice and menacing stance , and as a result , the battle between man and plant carried on regardless . 
 ` i 'm getting miss norwood here some lavender , ' he said in muffled tones . 
 ` what does it look like i 'm doing ? ' 
 ` destroying my garden . 
 now if you 're that keen to get miss norwood some flowers , by all means go inside and get some scissors . ' 
 to frances 's astonishment , a compliant george gave michael a playful salute , before darting inside . 
 his departure left frances and the doctor alone in awkward silence . 
 ` it seems as though you have found yourself an admirer , ' michael said at length . 
 frances anxiously looked about her . 
 ` where 's my aunt ? 
 i could have sworn i saw her a minute ago . ' 
 ` she 's taking some cuttings . 
 she pretty nearly does it every time she comes here . 
 i daresay i wo n't have anything left by the time she 's finished . ' 
 he attempted a smile , but frances did not return it . 
 it was hard to explain , but at that moment she resented michael , mainly because he had not informed her about his impending marriage to her cousin . 
 she looked behind her , secretly hoping for george 's return , but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 ` i can only imagine what you must be thinking about me , ' michael began abruptly , ` but please do n't think i did it on purpose . 
 i should have told you about the wedding , but i did n't know what to say , or how to say it . ' 
 ` please , doctor brearly , ' frances assured him , ` you do n't owe me any sort of explanation . 
 your engagement to my cousin has absolutely nothing to do with me . ' 
 ` allow me to disagree with that , miss norwood , ' michael broke in . 
 ` i should have informed you . ' 
 he gave frances a half-smile . 
 ` although you and i have only been acquainted for a short period of time , i feel ... ' he paused to remove his hands from his pockets . 
 ` forgive the presumption , but i feel as though we have become friends . ' 
 frances smiled , and taking this as a sign of agreement , he tried to finish his explanation . 
 ` this being the case , i should have been more open with you , and told you about agnes . 
 i tried to tell you on several occasions , but for some reason ... ' his sentence was interrupted by the sound of a carriage rumbling its way along the gravel drive towards the house . 
 both frances and michael looked in the direction of the approaching conveyance , and saw it materialise from beneath a billowing cloud of dust . 
 ` that 's odd , ' michael said , knitting his eyebrows together in consternation . 
 ` i 'm not expecting any visitors or patients this afternoon , especially in that carriage . 
 i wonder who it is . ' 
 frances was equally curious to know who the visitor was , but unlike michael , who was setting off towards the now stationary vehicle , frances hovered near rosewood 's front entrance . 
 the door of the carriage suddenly burst open , and while the occupants alighted from the vehicle , a stunned frances caught her breath . 
 by this stage george brearly had emerged from the house brandishing a pair of scissors . 
 he was just about to savage the lavender bush again , when the sight of the two female visitors stopped him in his tracks . 
 ` by jove ! ' 
 he declared , dropping the scissors to the ground . 
 ` damn and botheration . ' 
 frances turned towards george and noticed with bemusement that his mouth was wide open and that his face was mottled with emotion . 
 as she studied the look of shock on his handsome face , she realised that she had never seen him looking so serious before . 
 ` when the blazes did she get here ? ' 
 he asked in a barely audible voice . 
 ` about a minute ago . ' 
 ` did you know she was coming ? ' 
 george continued in the same faint voice . 
 ` no i did n't , ' frances replied . 
 ` if i 'd been forewarned , i would n't still be standing here . 
 i would have escaped out the back door . ' 
 ` sounds awfully good to me . 
 what do you say ? 
 shall we make a dash for it now ? ' 
 he turned to her with entreating eyes . 
 ` or better still , we could peddle away on your bicycle . 
 if we go now , no-one will ever know we were here . ' 
 he offered her his arm . 
 ` it 's a tempting offer , mr brearly , but i think it 's too late for that . ' 
 she had just made eye contact with one of the visitors . 
 ` what 's more , ' she added in a confiding tone , ` my bicycle is lying beside the roadside somewhere on the main road . 
 i wo n't bore you with the details of how that happened . 
 as for our guests , i imagine that fleeing from them would n't be considered socially acceptable . ' 
 ` no , i suppose not , ' george admitted . 
 ` as for the bicycle , fear not for its welfare . 
 we 'll get it . ' 
 louisa , meanwhile , had heard the sound of the approaching carriage , and beset with her own curiosity , had emerged from around the corner of the house to see who had just arrived . 
 having caught sight of the two black-haired women , one of whom was now being enveloped in michael 's arms , louisa darted forward with uncharacteristic alacrity , dropping her fuchsia cutting and nearly trampling a shrub in the process . 
 once she had reached the place where the women were gathered , she clumsily grabbed the young woman who was standing aloof from the hugging couple , and almost knocked her over . 
 ` well come on , frances ! ' 
 louisa cried out over her shoulder , ` your cousins have just returned from england . 
 are n't you going to say something ? ' 
 frances exchanged a meaningful glance with george . 
 ` i know what i 'd like to say , ' she muttered under her breath . 
 ` yes , miss norwood , ' george affirmed with a grin , ` but i imagine that would n't be very socially acceptable either . ' 
 frances returned george 's encouraging smile , and she grudgingly set off to where her cousins agnes and charlotte were now standing . 
 chapter eleven a divided reunion once the unenthusiastic hugs were distributed , the party made its way into the house . 
 frances lagged behind the rest of the group , and as she stood behind her cousin agnes , near the entrance to the drawing room , she noticed that george was dallying just inside the doorway . 
 george 's positioning struck frances as being rather odd , and she grew even more curious when she saw george and agnes talking , two people she understood were enemies from years back . 
 frances was standing too far back to hear their exchange , but she noticed that agnes was hanging on his every word . 
 in the next moment , however , agnes 's face changed , and without saying another word to george , she imperiously walked away . 
 in the background , louisa was talking effusively about her daughters ' unexpected arrival . 
 ` oh , what a splendid surprise this is ! ' 
 she declared , settling herself into an armchair near the mahogany tea table . 
 ` both my girls home for christmas ! 
 i was n't expecting either of you until next year . 
 has something happened ? 
 is something wrong ? ' 
 ` no , of course not , ' agnes said . 
 ` we thought we 'd give you an early christmas present , that 's all . ' 
 agnes sat herself beside michael on the sofa , before looking about the room with an air of preoccupied indifference . 
 ` and how did you know where i was ? 
 oh , never mind . 
 it does n't matter ! ' 
 louisa cried , clasping her hands . 
 ` this is the best present i have ever had ! ' 
 ` well i do n't know about that , louisa , ' george remarked , ` the embroidered handkerchief i bought you for christmas a few years ago was awfully fetching . ' 
 while frances stifled a laugh with her hand , louisa sniffed resentfully and looked away . 
 frances did not wish to join the circle about the tea table , and stole across to a vacant chair in front of the french windows . 
 her cousin charlotte , being equally reticent in social gatherings , followed frances 's example and took a seat beside her . 
 frances was , and had always been , rather fond of charlotte , and she gave her a friendly smile . 
 ` so , ' michael ventured rather abruptly , ` when did you ladies last see each other ? 
 it must be several years at least . ' 
 despite his attempt to lighten the mood in the room , michael himself looked ill at ease . 
 frances noticed that he was sitting awkwardly beside agnes on the sofa , darting anxious looks about the room and fidgeting with the cuff of his shirt . 
 ` at least , ' agnes replied . 
 ` three years , i think , ' frances suggested . 
 ` has it been that long ? ' 
 louisa cried , looking at frances in exaggerated surprise . 
 ` i think so , ' frances confirmed . 
 george smothered a loud yawn of encroaching boredom and listlessness , and was met with stony stares from louisa and michael . 
 frances too was already growing tired of the proceedings , and drawing back the summer curtains , peered outside to admire the warm tints of the garden . 
 above the wilderness of the vast grounds , the blue sky was smudged with an assortment of white clouds . 
 frances sighed wistfully . 
 what she would give to be outside in the sunshine ! 
 she unwillingly let go of the flimsy drapes and returned her attention to the rosewood party . 
 ` and has n't so much happened ? ' 
 louisa exclaimed after a considerable lull . 
 ` dear , oh dear , it 's enough to make my mind spin ! ' 
 no-one made an immediate answer to this comment , and in the silence that followed , louisa smiled and abandoned herself to the recollection of those lost years . 
 in the background , the antique clock on the mantelpiece announced the procession of dying seconds and minutes . 
 frances 's fingers began to tap impatiently on the armrest of her chair . 
 george was unusually silent . 
 ` are n't we a quiet lot this afternoon ? ' 
 louisa reflected out loud . 
 ` i expect it 's all the excitement . ' 
 a deeper stillness began to possess the room . 
 ` well , now that we are all together , ' louisa added after a prolonged pause , ` i 'd very much like to hear about england . 
 agnes ? 
 charlotte ? 
 what have you to say about it ? 
 i want to hear everything . ' 
 agnes exhaled loudly . 
 ` oh mama , ' she protested , ` must i discuss it now ? 
 i 'm beastly tired , and am in no fit state to discuss such a lengthy subject . ' 
 ` of course , dear , ' louisa said , looking wounded by her daughter 's assertion . 
 ` i wonder you came here then if you were so tired . 
 perhaps you should have rested at home first . 
 either way , i 'm very eager to hear about the family in derbyshire , that 's all . 
 another time , perhaps . ' 
 the arrival of afternoon tea at that moment provided a welcome diversion for the party , and while the tea and swiss roll were dispensed to each individual , frances divided her attention between the two brothers and the wentworth sisters . 
 until this moment she had been under the impression that the two families were close . 
 louisa , in particular , had been keen to create that impression , but as frances accepted a cup of tea from her aunt , she was struck by the almost palpable undercurrents of antipathy in the room . 
 frances considered with interest the expression on each person 's face : louisa 's clouded brow ; agnes staring sullenly at the plate of scones ; a brooding george gazing far away into vacancy and michael maintaining a cautious , watchful vigil of all three . 
 charlotte , it seemed , was the only member of the party who was composed and in a good mood . 
 unbeknownst to frances , charlotte had suffered badly from homesickness in england , and was secretly relieved to be back in hobart , just thirty minutes away from her husband 's house in south hobart . 
 as charlotte gratefully subsided in her chair , she sipped delicately from her cup of tea . 
 frances stole a look at her silent young cousin . 
 as she studied charlotte 's serene face , framed by a dark mass of dense fringe and uncontrollably thick curls , frances wondered whether she too was attune to the ripples of discontent in the room . 
 she had a strong suspicion that she did , but charlotte was not , to say the least , a demonstrative young woman . 
 frances knew that any emotion her cousin felt was hidden behind her mask , the ostensibly impervious mask that had been inspired and sculpted by years of her mother 's inattention and neglect . 
 unfortunately for frances , the rest of the afternoon 's conversation drifted on as aimlessly as the clouds above them . 
 like charlotte , frances kept a silent vigil from her position near the window , and while she struggled to keep her weary eyes from closing of their own accord , she began to wonder what reception awaited her at wintersleigh . 
 she knew her cousin agnes despised her -- for reasons not entirely obvious to her -- and coupled with the earlier altercation with her aunt , she anticipated a very frosty carriage ride home with the two women . 
 then there was the future to think of . 
 would it be possible for the two young cousins to co-exist under the same roof ? 
 michael 's house call necessitated his hasty departure at four o’clock . 
 before he left , however , frances thanked him for the hospitality he had shown her the night before . 
 the truth was , she had been pacified by his earlier apology and was keen to re-establish their friendship . 
 he received her gratitude with genuine friendliness , and by the time he left rosewood , they were on amicable terms once more . 
 some time later frances , george and the wentworth women congregated around the carriage , discussing arrangements for the following day . 
 a game of lawn tennis was soon agreed upon , as well as a family meeting where they could plan christmas and new year festivities . 
 it was at this point that frances decided to tempt fate and speak with agnes . 
 they had not exchanged a word all afternoon , and frances wanted to know agnes 's thoughts about frances staying at wintersleigh . 
 moving away from george 's side -- he had been unswervingly devoted to her all afternoon -- she approached agnes . 
 agnes wentworth was an intimidating presence at the best of times , but on this day she seemed particularly daunting to frances . 
 agnes , as usual , was clad elegantly in the latest fashions from london , and on this day she was wearing a two piece sage green travelling costume , replete with a tightly fitted bodice and full leg of mutton sleeves . 
 to complement her outfit , her hands were tightly enclosed in a pair of suede gloves , adorned with gleaming brass buttons , and her hair was rather formally drawn together into a bun and covered with a net . 
 the overall effect was so bold and splendid that frances was almost awe-struck . 
 ` welcome home , agnes , ' frances forced herself to say . 
 ` you must be very weary . ' 
 agnes surveyed frances from under her thick , black lashes . 
 ` quite , ' she replied , as colourlessly as the pallor of her cheek . 
 frances could see that the conversation was threatening to become as starched as her cousin 's travelling apparel , and she sought to get to the point of the conversation . 
 ` in case you are n't aware , agnes , your mother has invited me to stay at wintersleigh . 
 with this in mind , i hope that we can put the past behind us and start again . ' 
 she extended a hand to her cousin . 
 agnes raised a contemptuous , manicured eyebrow at the proffered hand , and her coal coloured eyes seemed unnaturally dark with displeasure . 
 ` i already have my friends , ' she replied with a sneer , ` and speaking of welcomes , frances , i have it on good authority that you 've already outstayed yours . ' 
 she then turned gracefully on her heel , and glided towards her mother , the susurration of her skirt the only sound she made . 
 louisa welcomed her daughter 's approach with a smile , and draping an arm about agnes 's shoulder , led her over to the carriage . 
 having received answers to all her questions , frances now knew where she stood in the equation . 
 an intense feeling of emptiness began to creep over her , and while frances watched her aunt assist agnes into the conveyance , she wished with all her heart that she had never uttered a word . 
 chapter twelve unsolicited advice that night michael brearly spent another restless night in his bed . 
 his anxiety about his coming marriage to agnes wentworth kept him awake all night , and into the early hours of the morning . 
 by three o’clock he had abandoned any efforts to sleep , and stole downstairs to get himself a bacon sandwich and a drink . 
 for an hour or more he pondered his fate , until he eventually fell asleep at the breakfast table . 
 several hours later he was roused from his slumber by the sound of his brother 's voice . 
 ` well , well , well , ' george began in a playfully accusing tone , ` what do we have here ? ' 
 he picked up the bottle of whisky that was on the table , along with a plate of crumbs and an upturned glass . 
 ` i do n't know about you , but this looks suspiciously like a bottle of whisky to me . 
 drinking it straight are you ? 
 not even diluting it with soda water ? 
 mmm ? 
 well , my boozy man , what do you have to say for yourself ? ' 
 michael groaned and rubbed his bloodshot eyes . 
 ` god in heaven ! 
 what are you doing here ? 
 should n't you be asleep ? ' 
 george chuckled to himself . 
 ` by jove , you must have had a rough night of it ! 
 you 're completely disorientated . 
 it 's morning , sleepy head . 
 time to rise and shine , unless you 're still fuddled , in which case i recommend you go back to bed . ' 
 michael propped his aching head up with both hands . 
 ` what rot ! 
 i had one glass . 
 one small glass only . ' 
 ` i believe you , big brother , but thousands would n't . 
 anyway , ' george said more seriously , ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 ` i could n't sleep . ' 
 ` is that so ? ' 
 george queried , seating himself on the breakfast table . 
 ` why could n't you sleep ? ' 
 michael made no reply . 
 ` in a stew are we ? 
 although if you 're worried about agnes , i completely understand . ' 
 he began picking at something between his teeth . 
 ` i bet you were surprised to see her yesterday , ' george said , removing his finger from his mouth . 
 ` no , not at all . 
 i knew she was coming home earlier , but she had n't informed me of the date . ' 
 ` well i wished i had been forewarned . 
 i nearly had multiple seizures when i saw her . 
 it was insufferable . ' 
 michael lifted himself up from the table . 
 ` george , ' he warned . 
 ` do n't start this now . ' 
 ` start what ? 
 i did n't say anything . ' 
 ` now look here . 
 i know the two of you do n't exactly get along , but i trust you 'll make every effort to be civil to her while she 's here . ' 
 met by an un-nerving silence , michael gave george a probing look . 
 ` george ? ' 
 ` it 's not too late you know . 
 you do n't have to go ahead with this if you do n't want to . ' 
 ` i ca n't believe you 're saying this to me , ' michael said , shaking his head in disbelief . 
 ` good god ! 
 what right do you have ? ' 
 ` she 's not the right woman for you , ' george declared with unusual solemnity . 
 ` you 're making an awfully grave mistake . ' 
 michael 's face began to colour with anger , but despite the intensity of his emotion , he remained admirably calm . 
 ` whether you like it or not , i will marry agnes wentworth in february , next year . 
 nothing you say or do will ever change my mind . ' 
 ` i do n't believe you . 
 i 'll keep trying . ' 
 ` oh , no you wo n't , ' michael said , rising to his feet . 
 ` i wo n't let you ruin my chance at happiness . 
 god , anyone would think that you 're trying to sabotage my wedding . ' 
 ` what an outrageous thing to say ! 
 i would n't dream of doing that . 
 although if the truth be told -- ' ` look , ' said michael , returning his chair noisily to the table , ` i 'm just not in the mood for this sort of conversation at this time in the morning . 
 i appreciate your concerns , but i do n't understand you . 
 i also think it 's rather sad that after all this time you should still harbour ill feelings towards agnes , when , to the best of my knowledge , she has done nothing to you . ' 
 his voice began to modulate . 
 ` you have n't even seen her in years . 
 how do you know that she has n't changed since then ? 
 people change , george . ' 
 as michael reflected on these words , he became aware that his brother was dressed in full tennis costume . 
 it made him conscious of the time . 
 ` good god , ' he said , looking frantically about the room for a clock . 
 he soon discovered that it was nine o’clock . 
 ` b-loody hell ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` look at the time ! 
 they 'll be here any minute now and nothing 's been prepared . ' 
 george remained unmoved at the table . 
 ` it 's all right , michael . 
 there 's no need to be quite so fractious . 
 i took the liberty of organising things when you were in your drunken slumber . 
 everything has been done , except for your clothes of course . 
 you 'd better hurry up and get dressed . 
 as fetching as you look in those pyjamas , they do n't show you to your best advantage . ' 
 michael looked at george in a state of pleasant disbelief . 
 ` thank you , ' he said sincerely . 
 ` oh stop it . 
 you 're making me blush . ' 
 michael returned his brother 's smile and darted upstairs to his room to get changed . 
 finding an outfit to wear for tennis was easy enough , but finding appropriate shoes was less so . 
 after a few minutes of searching , he settled for his everyday boots . 
 he felt sure nobody would notice . 
 once he was dressed he raced downstairs to the dining room , where his recently arrived guests had assembled . 
 after the greetings had been exchanged the party sat themselves down at the table . 
 as they were unravelling their table napkins george abruptly opened the conversation . 
 ` well , i must say , ' he began cheerily , ` that everyone is looking awfully healthy this morning . 
 and i 'm pleased to see that everyone is wearing white for our tennis match . ' 
 looking about the table , however , he noticed that michael was dressed in a navy blue double-breasted reefer jacket and charlotte was wearing a dowdy , heliotrope coloured tea gown . 
 ` well , nearly everybody , ' he added . 
 ` why the reefer , michael ? 
 we 're playing tennis , not going yachting . 
 and as for you , charlotte , why are you wearing that purple get up ? 
 breaking with tradition are you ? 
 are you keen to start a new trend ? ' 
 ` no indeed , mr brearly . 
 i 'm not playing . ' 
 ` not playing ? ' 
 george repeated with a scowl . 
 ` oh , i see . 
 and what may i ask will you be doing while we 're playing ? 
 scoring ? 
 retrieving the balls perhaps ? 
 i know they 're not very glamorous duties , but it would be awfully appreciated . ' 
 ` certainly not , ' charlotte replied , looking very put out . 
 ` i shall be sitting the game out , like mama . ' 
 for some time only the sounds of tinkling cutlery and people eating punctuated the strained silence . 
 having an aversion to peace and quiet , george looked desperately to each person at the table and tried to think of something to say . 
 he firstly looked towards frances , but given that her mouth was filled with toast , he simply smiled at her instead . 
 once she returned his smile he transferred his gaze to agnes . 
 she was sipping tea from her cup and was doing her best it , seemed , to ignore him . 
 george sighed and looked towards his brother . 
 michael had just dropped his napkin on the floor , and as he pulled his chair out to retrieve it , george noticed his brother 's boots . 
 ` by jove , michael ! ' 
 he exclaimed , ` what 's up with those shoes ? ' 
 ` not a lot , ' michael answered , returning the napkin to his lap . 
 ` you 're not going to wear those are you ? ' 
 when michael nodded , george added , ` but they 're not very sporty are they ? 
 or should i say very fashionable . ' 
 ` oh , i am sorry , george , ' michael responded , ` i thought we were going to play a game of tennis , not model the latest fashions . ' 
 he began lathering butter onto his bread . 
 ` i am wearing these shoes during the game , and if that shocks or disgusts you , well so be it . ' 
 an irritated george leant over the table and greedily helped himself to three pieces of toast . 
 ` so , ' george resumed , with a mouthful of bread , ` who will be the tennis champion amongst us this morning ? ' 
 he was greeted with a resounding silence . 
 ` agnes ? 
 will it be you ? ' 
 george watched agnes with evident amusement . 
 ` no , ' she responded coldly . 
 ` i do n't think so . ' 
 she raised her cup of tea once more to her delicate red lips . 
 ` i do n't play tennis to win , ' she declared over the rim of her cup . 
 ` i play for the pleasure of it . ' 
 george simply stared . 
 ` of course you do , ' he muttered . 
 ` of course you do . ' 
 he sat further back in his chair and arrogantly placed his hands behind his head . 
 from the corner of his eyes he noticed that frances was smirking . 
 ` and what about you , miss norwood ? 
 do you play tennis for the pleasure of it , or do you play to win ? ' 
 he looked at her hopefully . 
 ` i play to win , ' frances answered . 
 ` that 's the attitude to have ! ' 
 george replied , thumping his fist down on the table , an action that caused the cutlery to jump , and some of louisa 's tea to splash onto the tablecloth . 
 ` george ! ' 
 louisa cried . 
 ` look what you have done ! ' 
 she dabbed her napkin furiously at the tablecloth . 
 ` at last , someone who shares my philosophy on sport , ' george said , completely ignoring louisa . 
 ` sport is n't sport unless there is some degree of aggression , risk and competitiveness in it . ' 
 ` and what about sportsmanship ? ' 
 agnes asked . 
 ` sportsmanship ? ' 
 george echoed . 
 ` oh , no ! 
 i think it 's awfully over-rated . ' 
 agnes looked displeased . 
 ` are you saying that on a sporting arena , whether it 's tennis or cricket , that aggression should take precedence over fair play and gentlemanly conduct ? ' 
 ` yep , ' he acknowledged in an equable voice . 
 ` that sounds pretty much the case . ' 
 ` and what do you think about this , michael ? ' 
 agnes inquired , watching her fiancé shrewdly . 
 ` do you think that one should always play by the rules ? ' 
 ` always , ' michael avowed . 
 ` i could n't live with myself otherwise . ' 
 ` aw , what nonsense ! ' 
 george retaliated . 
 ` how can you accept the concepts of wrong and right so unquestioningly ? 
 if everyone played by the rules all the time , what a miserable existence it would be . 
 we would all know where we stood , but we 'd all be miserable just the same . ' 
 michael narrowed his eyes at his brother . 
 why did he get the feeling that this conversation was about something other than tennis ? 
 ` regardless of how we choose to play the game , ' michael cut in quickly , ` tennis will begin after breakfast . 
 hopefully we can discuss the christmas arrangements after the match . ' 
 but no-one answered him . 
 the tension from the last conversation was still palpable , and not trusting themselves to speak amidst such an atmosphere , they silently finished their breakfast . 
 chapter thirteen the tennis match it was a delightful wednesday morning , exactly one week before christmas , and rosewood house was bathed in a festive mood . 
 under a blue sky , birds were singing nearby in the trees , and the small field of lavender was being caressed by the playful air . 
 under one of the estate 's giant rustling trees lay a small and shaded expanse of green lawn , with its recently erected tennis net flapping about gently in the breeze . 
 the harmonious scene was set . 
 the conditions were perfect for a game of tennis , and all that was now missing from the picture , were the players themselves . 
 just as mother nature was smiling upon the glorious prospect below her , george brearly 's warlike cry of , ` let the battle commence ! ' 
 bludgeoned the fragile tranquillity of the moment , echoing the words throughout the countryside , alarming his fellow participants and causing a scattering of birds in all directions . 
 ` george , ' his brother warned , ` i know you 're dressed for a championship final , but this is going to be a leisurely game of tennis . 
 there 's no need to be quite so belligerent . ' 
 he followed his younger brother out to the makeshift tennis court . 
 ` and do the ladies the courtesy of disposing of that cigarette . 
 you do n't know how vulgar you look with that infernal thing hanging out of your mouth . ' 
 george ignored michael 's remarks , and clutching his beloved racquet and several balls , he took a running jump and dexterously bounded over the net , with all the lightness and grace of a gazelle . 
 as his brother had indicated , george was smartly dressed in his tennis costume , comprising a striped blazer , tennis-shoes , white flannel trousers and a peaked cap . 
 needless to say , george brearly took his tennis seriously , perhaps a little too seriously . 
 in this impetuous and rather agitated state , he had no patience for his fellow players , who were strolling towards him , chattering amongst themselves . 
 ` well , come along ! ' 
 he cried churlishly . 
 ` time is ticking away , you know ! ' 
 ` why the hurry , mr brearly ? ' 
 asked frances , sweeping her plait off her shoulder and securing a straw hat to her head . 
 ` do you think the net will blow away if we do n't get to the court in time ? ' 
 the tennis party laughed , including george , who always appreciated good humour . 
 ` very well , i 'll be patient , ' he said . 
 he drew his cigarette to his lips and inhaled deeply . 
 ` good ! ' 
 michael remarked . 
 ` now that george has done the unthinkable , and agreed to be patient , it 's time to find ourselves a partner . ' 
 frances instinctively looked towards the doctor , hoping that he would choose her as an acknowledging gesture of their new friendship , but to her dismay , she found him singling out agnes . 
 frances glared at them as they crossed the lawn and took up their positions on the other side of the court . 
 she then caught sight of her aunt and cousin charlotte , who were happily ensconced in their wicker chairs some distance away . 
 for a fleeting moment frances wished she was with them . 
 george , however , had bounded over to frances 's side , and whilst bouncing a ball off his racquet , he addressed her . 
 ` well , miss norwood , ' he began jauntily , ` is n't this an awfully fortunate arrangement ? 
 i was afraid i would be lumbered with agnes . 
 have you ever played tennis with her ? 
 she is an absolutely frightful player . 
 still , we ca n't all be as gifted as myself . ' 
 ` perhaps your tennis skills compensate for your other personal deficiencies , ' frances suggested . 
 george chuckled . 
 ` quite possibly . 
 now , enough about my talent , which i hasten to add , is considerable . 
 we need to discuss tactics . 
 should we formulate a plan of attack ? ' 
 without waiting for an answer , he went on . 
 ` going on past experience i find it useful to ascertain each player 's weakness , which in agnes 's case should n't be too challenging . 
 once we know what their vulnerabilities are , we exploit them ! 
 what do you say ? ' 
 again frances did not answer . 
 she was too busy looking daggers at the doctor and agnes to reply . 
 ` now , ' george was saying in hushed tones of secrecy , ` i 'm just trying to remember the details of michael 's game . 
 it 's been years since we last played together , but as i recall , he was rather weak at the net . 
 or was it his serving ? 
 all i know is he plays tennis much better than he plays cricket . ' 
 ` perhaps , mr brearly , ' frances eventually replied , ` we should wait until we actually start playing . 
 then we can ascertain our opposition 's faults , and make a plan based on the new information . 
 i think it would also be beneficial to us if you extinguished your cigarette , not that i 'm telling you what to do . 
 it 's merely a suggestion . 
 if we 're going to win , we need to focus all our attention on the task at hand . ' 
 ` quite right ! ' 
 george said , reflecting on her proposal . 
 ` well said ! 
 yes , we 'll do that . ' 
 he flung the stump of his cigarette to the ground and trampled on it , without giving it a second thought . 
 he then hurried over to the net and suggested to his brother that they have a pre-match practice session . 
 michael agreed with him , and as soon as george finished an elaborate series of muscle stretches , all four players started to play . 
 after a short-lived flurry of sweeping racquets and erratically flying balls , the real game got under way , and it was n't long before george 's real temper on the court was exposed . 
 off the court he was a sanguine , charming young man , but on the court he was transformed into a particularly undesirable character . 
 he was an exacting and pedantic player who was intolerant of the defects in the other players . 
 every point was played with such concentration and forcefulness that he soon became a formidable opponent and partner , disconcerting even frances with his torrid and irrational outbursts . 
 as the game progressed , however , frances began to suspect her partner of cheating . 
 she kept these suspicions to herself and watched with increasing amusement as george 's line calls became more and more outrageous . 
 during one particular point , michael 's serve came dangerously close to the line , but being under the impression that his serve was good , he adjusted his glasses and began his next serve . 
 the sound of george 's voice soon brought him to a standstill . 
 ` and what the blazes do you think you 're doing ? ' 
 george demanded . 
 ` even a dead dog could see that that ball was clearly out ! ' 
 ` what absurdity ! ' 
 michael retorted . 
 ` it was in by the length of my foot . ' 
 ` your foot ? 
 you lying hound ! 
 i saw it with my own eyes , or should i say , we saw it with our own eyes . 
 it was clearly out , was n't it , miss norwood ? ' 
 all eyes were drawn to frances . 
 given that she had not witnessed the serve , she was not the best person to ask for an opinion , but unfortunately for michael , frances was still smarting over being rejected as michael 's tennis partner , and without hesitation she made her reply . 
 ` yes , doctor brearly , ' she declared , ` it was definitely out . 
 a most appalling shot . ' 
 george guffawed . 
 ` there , i told you ! ' 
 ` well of course she 's going to say that , ' agnes sneered . 
 ` she 's on his team . 
 and as for your remark , cousin , it was not an appalling shot . 
 to my mind , michael positioned it very skilfully . ' 
 ` what would you know ? ' 
 george retaliated . 
 ` you ca n't even hold your racquet properly . 
 and for your edification , miss wentworth , if one 's serve goes beyond the line , then it is out . 
 as for your benighted partner , tell him to get himself a pair of new spectacles ! ' 
 muttering a derogatory comment under his breath , george returned to his position on the base line . 
 in the background a disgruntled agnes and her partner were deep in discussion . 
 to keep the peace , agnes ruled that the previous point was to be replayed and rewarded fairly , but she was powerless to do anything about the ill-feeling and swelling resentment that both sides harboured for one another . 
 despite agnes 's earlier outburst , she was now the only one who was in good spirits . 
 as she had previously asserted , she played sport for the fun of it , and whether she won or lost was of little consequence to her . 
 frances , in direct contrast , had had just about as much as she could take of her cousin 's behaviour . 
 her calmness had bordered on apathy , and on many occasions , when frances 's shots seemed too difficult to hit , agnes simply let them go through . 
 like george , frances was an advocate of good , competitive tennis , and her cousin 's lack of effort seemed to fly in the face of all frances 's exertions . 
 she tried directing her shots to michael , but being the gentleman he was , he persistently moved out of the line of the ball and encouraged agnes to hit it instead . 
 again and again , agnes left the ball well alone . 
 finally , frances 's patience came to an end . 
 she was still dwelling on her cousin 's insulting remark from the day before , and resolving to get her revenge , she pounced on michael 's next serve . 
 she directed the ball at agnes with all the strength she could muster , and before her cousin could take evasive action , the ball struck the left side of her face with a sickening thud . 
 chapter fourteen accusations agnes immediately let go of the racquet , and with an anguished cry , she drew both hands protectively to her left cheekbone . 
 in the next moment , she lost her balance and toppled over , landing heavily onto the cushiony grass beneath her . 
 it was rather an undignified exit for an elegant young lady like agnes wentworth , and to the amusement of her enemies , particularly george brearly , she slumped to the ground like a sack of potatoes . 
 frances ignored her partner 's chuckling , and stared panic-stricken at her injured cousin . 
 ` oh heavens , ' she cried , turning towards george , ` i , i think i might have injured her , or worse . ' 
 she made a move forward towards agnes , but george 's restraining hand on her arm stopped her . 
 ` she 's all right , miss norwood , ' george reassured her . 
 ` she 's not dead . 
 well not yet , anyway . 
 one generally does n't die from being hit in the face with a ball . 
 agnes is a bit bruised , that 's all . 
 you never know , you might have actually knocked some sense into her . ' 
 he watched the distant proceedings with evident amusement . 
 ` oh look , big brother the doctor has joined her . 
 she 's definitely in good hands now . ' 
 sure enough , michael had just reached agnes 's side , and was kneeling down beside her , examining the reddened cheek . 
 by the time frances and george crossed over to the other side of the court to see how agnes was , a tearful agnes lay cradled in michael 's arms . 
 by this stage , louisa and charlotte too had sensed that something was wrong on the court , and abandoning their wicker chairs , had hurried over to where agnes was . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 louisa gasped . 
 ` whatever has happened ? ' 
 she cast michael a sideways glance . 
 ` shall i fetch my bottle of smelling salts ? ' 
 george snorted a laugh and was rewarded for his efforts with a hateful look from michael . 
 ` now , now , ' george ventured , ` do n't look at me like that . 
 it was only an accident . 
 agnes was clearly not fast enough on her feet . ' 
 ` oh dear , ' louisa added , ` why has my darling got a red mark on her face ? ' 
 ` an accident ? ' 
 michael cried , ignoring louisa and seizing upon george 's words . 
 ` what a load of rot and poppycock ! 
 anyone could see that miss norwood hit her deliberately . ' 
 having said this , he shot frances a heartfelt look of disgust . 
 ` is this true ? ' 
 louisa whispered accusingly . 
 ` did you strike your cousin ? ' 
 she too watched frances with cold , censorious eyes . 
 frances grimaced . 
 ` i 'm afraid i did , aunt wentworth , ' she admitted . 
 ` but i did n't do it intentionally ! 
 i , i was aiming for something else ! ' 
 ` come on , nessie , ' michael was saying in a loud voice . 
 ` let 's get you back inside , where you 're safe . ' 
 he helped her to her feet and began brushing away grass blades from his fiancée 's grass-stained gown . 
 ` and as for you , miss norwood , ' he said , wheeling around to face frances , ` i 'd make myself very scarce if i were you . ' 
 he then turned his back on her , and with louisa and charlotte in hot pursuit , proceeded to guide agnes unceremoniously back into the house . 
 as soon as frances and george were alone together , george spoke . 
 ` well i must say , miss norwood , that that shot of yours was a beauty . 
 not only were the timing and speed perfect , but the application and execution were superb . 
 i do n't think i could have done better myself . 
 in fact , miss norwood , it has been quite a pleasure to have been your partner today . ' 
 frances stared at her tennis partner with incredulity . 
 she was already smarting from the doctor 's accusation , and george 's comment did nothing to improve her spirits . 
 ` mr brearly , ' she began tersely , ` i hope you 're not suggesting that i meant to hit my cousin . 
 if you are , then you are mistaken . ' 
 ` oh come now , miss norwood , there 's no need to deny it . ' 
 he gave her a look of particular meaning . 
 ` i saw that malicious glint in your eye before you hit that ball . ' 
 an indignant frances remained silent , not trusting herself to speak . 
 ` you had all the time in the world to hit that ball , and all the court in which to hit it into , and yet you hit it directly at her . 
 in my book , it was unmistakably intentional . ' 
 by this stage frances was beginning to get quite angry . 
 it was true that she had wanted to get revenge on agnes , but her plan was never to injure her physically . 
 she therefore did not appreciate george 's inferences . 
 ` now look here , mr brearly -- ' ` call me george , ' george said smilingly . 
 ` very well , george . 
 you should have been watching the ball , not me . 
 as for my alleged tennis skills , please do not suppose that i have enough mastery of the game to be able to direct my shots where i wish them . ' 
 ` frances , ' he said with a laugh , ` you have exceptional talent on the tennis court , and i strongly doubt your last assertion . 
 you hit that ball , like most of your other shots , with control and with the full face of your racquet . 
 in fact i do n't think i 've seen a more energetic player than you . 
 you were a delight to watch . 
 i 'm sure that my brother shared my admiration . 
 before you hit agnes , that is . ' 
 a servant , bearing two glasses of freshly made raspberry vinegar , interrupted the conversation at this point and handed them both a glass . 
 as the girl retreated , george slurped down most of his drink and sighed happily . 
 ` what an awfully good morning this has turned out to be , ' he declared , using his sleeve to wipe away the perspiration from his forehead . 
 ` good , competitive , hard-hitting tennis , with a few suspicious line calls , a bit of cheating , and best of all , an injury and public humiliation thrown in for good measure . 
 oh , frances , did you see that look agnes gave when that ball impacted with her face ? 
 it was a look of horror , mingled with surprise . 
 i can never thank you enough for that moment . ' 
 as frances listened to these uncharitable comments , her curiosity began to grow . 
 she wondered what george had against agnes and wondered why he spoke of her with such disrespect and disdain . 
 she was on the verge of asking him these questions , but checked herself at the last moment , realising that the question she was about to ask him might be considered impertinent . 
 george noted her silence and sought to explain himself . 
 ` i know what you 're thinking , frances , ' he ventured quickly . 
 ` you 're thinking that i am an awfully cruel and callous man for wishing agnes to be humiliated . ' 
 he looked towards her , earnestly awaiting her answer . 
 she made him none . 
 ` i 'll take your silence as a ` yes ' then . 
 let me explain to you why i despise agnes wentworth . ' 
 he faltered and began nibbling his bottom lip nervously . 
 ` agnes is a woman of contradictions . 
 on the one hand , she can be charming , witty and generous -- ' for a moment he seemed to have difficulty in choosing his words and he looked away . 
 ` but , on the other hand , she is one of the weakest people i have ever known , particularly when it comes to her mother . 
 i can appreciate that they have a close relationship , but do n't you think that agnes is old enough to make her own decisions ? ' 
 frances could no longer remain quiet . 
 ` and is that the only reason you do n't like her ? ' 
 ` no , ' he said quickly , swallowing the remains of his raspberry cordial . 
 ` there 's another reason . ' 
 he could not bring himself to look at her . 
 ` agnes wentworth is the wrong woman for my brother . 
 it 's as simple as that . ' 
 once his awkwardness abated , he addressed her again . 
 ` actually , frances , i should very much like to hear your opinion of her . 
 are you fond of your cousin , or have you always had the desire to hit her in the face with a tennis ball ? ' 
 frances stared . 
 she found the question insulting , and while she took a sip from her glass , she thought about what she was going to say . 
 it would not do to speak ill of agnes at this point , particularly to someone like george . 
 with him there would be no assurances of his discretion . 
 ` i 'm afraid i can not answer that , ' she eventually replied . 
 ` i have not seen enough of agnes to form an opinion . ' 
 george acknowledged her lie with a smile . 
 ` ah , that will not do , frances . 
 you obviously do not trust me , otherwise you would have told me your real feelings . ' 
 ` trust has nothing to do with it , now , if you 'll kindly excuse me , i must go inside and make inquiries about my cousin 's welfare . ' 
 ` i would n't recommend it . 
 you heard what michael said earlier . 
 do yourself a favour and stay out here with me . 
 we 'll have a single 's match and then we 'll return to the house in time for morning tea . 
 by then , hopefully , michael will have regained his composure . ' 
 frances considered his proposition . 
 george was right . 
 it was better to wait outside until everyone had sufficiently calmed down . 
 ` very well then , george . 
 but i 'm warning you . 
 no cheating , otherwise i 'll use you as target practice . ' 
 george smiled . 
 ` how dare you accuse me of cheating . 
 i am most awfully offended . ' 
 frances returned his smile , and without saying another word , the young couple separated and made their way in thoughtful silence to opposite ends of the court . 
 chapter fifteen mounting tensions michael brearly stood silently by the conservatory window , looking in the direction of the tennis court , to where his brother and new friend were laughingly battling out the second set of their single 's match . 
 the sight of their frivolity , in the aftermath of agnes 's injury , struck a raw nerve with michael , and while he debated within himself what to do about it , the sound of his cat henry 's meows diverted his attention . 
 he instinctively moved away from the window , stooped to pick up his furry friend and planted a large kiss on the cat 's forehead . 
 for several minutes he stroked and cuddled henry , until the sounds of approaching footsteps aroused his attention . 
 he quickly looked up and discovered with surprise that a breathless frances was standing in the room before him . 
 michael 's brow clouded . 
 ` oh , ' he murmured , after an initial period of silence , ` it 's you . ' 
 frances blushed and attempted to even her ruffled and disorderly hair . 
 she did not reply immediately . 
 ` yes , quite , ' she eventually said . 
 she began looking awkwardly around the room . 
 ` i , i 've come to see how agnes is . 
 i trust she is a little better ? ' 
 michael stared . 
 ` i wonder that you are even asking , miss norwood , ' he retorted . 
 ` it 's quite evident that you have little regard for your cousin 's feelings . ' 
 he began to stroke henry with more agitation . 
 ` i did n't expect any better from my brother , but you , of all people . 
 i would never have believed it . ' 
 in the background , dobson the servant had just snuck into the conservatory , and with a folded table cloth in one hand and a wad of table napkins in the other , he stealthily made his way to the table and chairs , where morning tea was to be served . 
 as he bent over to set the table , he strained his ears to hear the conversation that was going on around him . 
 ` i can appreciate your anger , ' frances was saying heatedly , ` but i can assure you that no malice was intended . ' 
 michael fixed his flashing eyes upon her . 
 ` perhaps , perhaps not . 
 only you and george know the answer to that one . ' 
 he placed henry gently on the floor . 
 ` i hope you 're not suggesting that your brother and i conspired to humiliate agnes . 
 good grief , agnes was the last thing on my mind . 
 to be perfectly candid , i was far more concerned about your brother 's cheating . ' 
 dobson , meanwhile , had just betrayed himself by emitting a low chuckle . 
 all eyes were now upon him , and before michael had time to chastise the grinning culprit , dobson hurried from the room , but not before clipping his head on one of the many hanging baskets that hung down from the ornamental stands they were attached to . 
 michael dropped his voice . 
 ` oh yes , you must have been very concerned indeed . 
 so concerned in fact , that you decided to play a single 's match with him . ' 
 before frances could retaliate , the mercurial george , with his irrepressible smile , bounded into the room . 
 he ignored michael and promptly set off towards frances . 
 ` so there you are , ' he cried out triumphantly , ` my number one tennis partner ! ' 
 to his surprise , however , frances made no reply . 
 she was looking awkwardly around the room . 
 ` hmmm , ' he continued a little more cautiously , ` what 's going on ? 
 i 'm sensing some hostility here . ' 
 he thrust his hands into his pockets and glanced at michael . 
 ` out with it , big brother . 
 what has happened ? ' 
 ` mind your own business , ' michael fired back . 
 george pulled a face . 
 ` well , that was n't very friendly , was it ? 
 i only wanted to help . ' 
 ` help ? ' 
 michael repeated . 
 ` you do n't know the meaning of the word . 
 your middle name is hindrance . ' 
 ` yes , well it 's infinitely better than percival . ' 
 he leant closer to frances . 
 ` that 's michael 's middle name , by the way . 
 is n't it awful ? 
 makes him sound like an old fogey . ' 
 ` did you enjoy your single 's match ? ' 
 michael angrily interrupted . 
 ` i was watching you both from the window and it seemed as though you were having fun . 
 i 'm sure it would console agnes no end to know that while she was in pain upstairs , you two were frolicking on the court . ' 
 both george and frances were saved from making a reply by the abrupt entry of charlotte , louisa and agnes into the room . 
 agnes was looking slightly pale , and was holding onto louisa 's arm for support . 
 as soon as agnes saw michael she let go of her mother 's arm and made her way over to him . 
 michael greeted his fiancée with a sympathetic smile . 
 ` and how 's my nessie ? ' 
 he asked , gently taking up her hand . 
 ` are you feeling better yet ? ' 
 ` a little , ' she answered . 
 ` i think it was more the shock than anything else . ' 
 ` yes , of course it was dear , ' louisa agreed , watching frances with an unfriendly stare . 
 ` how were you to know that your cousin would play with such forcefulness ? ' 
 in view of the unwelcome attention she was receiving from the whole room , frances felt the need to make a reply . 
 ` i , i really am very sorry , agnes , ' she lied . 
 ` i did n't mean it . ' 
 agnes pursed her petulant lips but was reluctant to say anything , as dobson had made his return and was finishing off setting the table . 
 yet again he tried to eavesdrop , but when he realised that no-one was prepared to speak while he was in the room , he dejectedly made his departure . 
 ` well , i must say , agnes , ' george broke in , ` that you 're looking very much recovered . 
 fit enough , in fact , to play the final game in the set . 
 how about we finish the game after morning tea ? ' 
 agnes simply stared . 
 ` certainly not ! 
 nothing could ever induce me to play tennis again with either you or my cousin . ' 
 michael checked his laugh . 
 ` nessie , ' he began , ` ignore george 's raillery . 
 he was n't serious . ' 
 he then darted george a meaningful look . 
 ` i trust you were just pulling our leg ? ' 
 george rolled his eyes . 
 ` well , of course i was n't serious . 
 huh ! 
 what do you take me for ? 
 i may be many things , agnes , but i would never persuade you to do something you did n't want to do . 
 besides , there was no point in continuing with the match . 
 frances and i won by a mile . ' 
 ` oh really ? ' 
 michael queried . 
 ` and how did you work that out ? ' 
 ` very easily , michael . 
 you just ca n't accept that you were eclipsed by pure talent . ' 
 ` by cheating you mean , ' agnes retorted . 
 george met agnes 's eyes freely . 
 ` a means to an end , agnes . 
 it does n't matter how you get there , so long as you win in the end . ' 
 ` even if it means injuring members of the opposite team ? ' 
 agnes asked . 
 ` it 's certainly not an aim , ' george resumed conversationally , ` but if it gets you the prize in the end , what does it all matter ? 
 now do n't look at me like that , agnes , ' he added , noticing the look of displeasure on her face , ` i 'm only telling you what everyone here was already thinking . 
 you have no-one to blame for your injury but yourself . 
 if you had kept your eyes on the ball , instead of fretting about your hair or about the chance of breaking a fingernail , your mishap would never have happened . ' 
 ` george brearly ! ' 
 louisa exclaimed . 
 ` watch what you are saying ! ' 
 ` it 's true , ' george asserted laughingly . 
 ` face it , agnes . 
 you 're not the most nimble tennis player in the world . 
 i 've seen snails move faster than you . ' 
 ` right , that is it , ' louisa fumed . 
 ` i do not want to hear one more word from you , george ! ' 
 she pointed a menacing finger at him . 
 ` you and your partner have done enough damage for one morning , most assuredly . 
 frances has already experienced the brunt of my wrath this week , following her exceedingly foolish escapade the other day . 
 do n't let yourself be next . ' 
 she took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down . 
 ` now enough of all that . 
 we have come here today to discuss christmas arrangements , and i am not leaving until we have . ' 
 having said this , she haughtily migrated to the table where they were to take their morning tea , and sat down . 
 agnes and charlotte followed suit , and a short time later , everyone had taken their places at the table . 
 not surprisingly , the ostracised frances and george sat at a distance from the group , and while louisa burbled on about the necessity of having a formal christmas , george proceeded to dismember the leaf of a pot plant that was tickling the back of his neck . 
 ` is it just me , ' george suddenly interrupted over the top of louisa 's voice , ` but does this room smell like dirt ? ' 
 michael sighed . 
 ` we 're in a conservatory , george , and the room is filled with pot plants . 
 what 's it supposed to smell like ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , ' george acknowledged . 
 ` i was just making conversation . ' 
 ` fascinating , ' michael replied drolly . 
 ` thank you for sharing that with us . 
 now , is there anything else you would like to contribute , or can louisa finish what she was saying before you rudely interrupted her ? ' 
 george pretended to give michael 's question some thought . 
 ` no , i think that pretty much covers it , although now that i have the centre stage , i just want to say that if christmas this year is going to be a starchy , turkey eating , carol singing affair , i 'm not coming . ' 
 ` what a pity , ' michael lied . 
 ` how could we possibly cope without you ? ' 
 ` however , ' george went on , smiling at his brother 's sarcastic remark , ` i have some ideas that i 'd like to share with everyone . ' 
 ` if this is about that christmas day cruise on the derwent river , george , ' michael said , ` then forget it . 
 no-one 's bothered . ' 
 george looked rather put out and turned to frances for some immediate assistance . 
 ` and what are your thoughts on this , frances ? 
 do you like my idea ? ' 
 george 's use of frances 's first name did not escape louisa 's attention and she was not pleased . 
 ` do not be so impertinent , young man , ' louisa said , directing her comment to george . 
 ` you will address my niece as miss norwood . ' 
 ` to tell you the truth , mr brearly , ' frances ventured crisply , ` i do n't care a fig about christmas this year . 
 i would be quite content to not celebrate it at all . ' 
 her comment had its desired effect , for within seconds the room was alive with the sounds of gasps of surprise . 
 ` not celebrate christmas ! ' 
 cried louisa . 
 ` stuff and nonsense ! ' 
 ` miss norwood , ' michael added earnestly , ` are you quite serious ? ' 
 agnes folded her arms over her chest and stared menacingly at frances . 
 ` i think my cousin is just trying to be controversial , as usual , ' she said in a withering voice . 
 ` just ignore her . ' 
 as she tossed her head , her fine sable coloured hair gleamed in the light . 
 in this instance frances was trying to be controversial . 
 she had always enjoyed christmas , but at that moment her mood was too volatile to be placated . 
 ` excuse me , agnes , i 'll have you know that -- ' ` ladies , ladies ! ' 
 george butted in . 
 ` please ! 
 we 're discussing christmas arrangements here , not war . 
 this is supposed to be enjoyable . ' 
 agnes opened her mouth to speak , but before she was able to reply , the sound of a loud meow startled her . 
 she looked down and spotted henry at her feet . 
 ` oh , it 's that beastly cat ! ' 
 she declared , moving her legs away from where henry was sitting . 
 she looked apprehensively at michael . 
 ` michael , can you please get that thing away from me . 
 i think it wants to attack me . ' 
 ` he 's just being sociable , ' michael said . 
 ` and anyhow , henry does n't attack people . ' 
 ` i do n't care , michael . 
 you know how much i hate cats . ' 
 by this time , henry had jumped up onto frances 's lap and settled himself down . 
 frances smiled and looked over to michael . 
 for the first time since the tennis match , his face softened . 
 agnes intercepted this look and her face darkened . 
 she quickly allowed the subject of henry to drop . 
 an hour later the party gathered outside on the gravel drive , in front of louisa 's carriage . 
 the christmas arrangements had finally been settled and louisa , as was to be expected , had got her way . 
 christmas was to be a traditional affair , with all the formal trimmings , and it was not without some degree of triumph that louisa retired to her conveyance . 
 a disgruntled george , meanwhile , refused to accept defeat gracefully , and lapsed into a sulky silence . 
 frances was the only person he was prepared to speak to , and while he impatiently waited for the other women to finish saying their goodbyes , he pulled frances aside . 
 ` well , frances , ' he began , reverting once more to frances 's given name , ` the day did n't turn out as i had hoped . 
 and it had got off to such a promising start . ' 
 he let out a loud , theatrical sigh . 
 ` never mind , ' frances replied . 
 ` we ca n't expect to get our way all the time . ' 
 ` no , i suppose not , ' george lamented . 
 ` still i had a victory of sorts . 
 the boxing day excursion to port arthur was my idea . ' 
 ` and what about the wintersleigh ball on new year 's eve ? ' 
 george winced . 
 ` louisa organises that wretched thing every year . ' 
 frances heard louisa call out her name , and realised that louisa was ordering her to hurry up and get inside the carriage . 
 she moved forward , and was just about to put her foot on the step when george offered her his hand . 
 she took it willingly , but instead of him assisting her into vehicle , he pulled her closer to him and murmured in her ear . 
 ` before you go , frances , ' he said hurriedly , ` there 's something i need to ask you . 
 agnes and the tennis match . 
 was it an accident , or did you hit her deliberately ? ' 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 george grinned . 
 ` i thought so . ' 
 ` and as for your cheating , ' frances continued in a confiding tone , ` that line call we were disputing in the third game . 
 it was in , was n't it ? ' 
 ` you bet . 
 it was one of the best serves i 've ever seen . ' 
 this reply prompted laughter from both parties , and by the time the carriage trundled off for wintersleigh a few minutes later , frances was still chortling to herself . 
 chapter sixteen an unexpected proposition frances , however , was to pay a price for her actions on the tennis court . 
 for the next few days louisa treated her with cold civility , and agnes , who was still sporting an unsightly looking bruise on her face , ignored her completely . 
 it was a lonely time for frances , and in between avoiding agnes , contemplating how to reply to her mother 's letter , and scanning the local papers for a new situation , she was forced to endure louisa 's incessant chatter about the christmas and boxing day arrangements , the new year 's ball at wintersleigh and agnes 's overseas sojourn . 
 frances was seldom included in such conversations , and while her deliberate exclusion from the wentworth family 's affairs embittered her , she was secretly convinced that she would n't be at wintersleigh for much longer . 
 with that in mind , she resolved to ignore her relatives ' rudeness . 
 but it was the brearly brothers ' prolonged absence that concerned frances the most . 
 since the rosewood tennis match they had not visited wintersleigh . 
 not even george brearly , with his initial devotion to frances , had come to see her . 
 frances knew that agnes had been invited to rosewood almost every day since her arrival in hobart , and while frances knew she had no right to expect such invitations herself , she nonetheless wanted to be included . 
 it was a sultry friday afternoon , four days before christmas , and frances was sitting beside her aunt on the ferry , silver crown , en route to a garden party in new town . 
 the event had been organised by mrs edwina ballard , one of louisa 's oldest acquaintances . 
 agnes , originally had been invited to accompany her mother to the party , but having been forewarned about it , and anticipating soul destroying boredom , she had prudently made arrangements to spend the afternoon with her friends at the cascade gardens in south hobart . 
 frances was therefore asked to fill her cousin 's place , and not knowing quite what to expect from the party , she cautiously accepted her aunt 's invitation . 
 some of her uncertainty though , dissolved during the short journey across the river , and by the time she and her aunt arrived at ` riverview , ' edwina ballard 's house , frances was in good spirits and genuinely eager to enjoy herself . 
 the garden party at riverview was an assembly attended by some of the richest and most successful people in the town . 
 it was therefore an exciting affair , and the ballards had spared no expense to make the occasion delightful in every way . 
 when louisa wentworth and her niece finally arrived at riverview , the house was awash with flowers , servants , jollity and conversation . 
 in every room there was a flutter of activity , and a profusion of fashionably dressed women , resplendent in their smiles , voluminous gowns and colourful hats festooned with flowers , plumes and ribbons . 
 frances and louisa 's entrance seemed to cause no visible attention or disturbance to the other guests , despite the fact that louisa was the only guest attired completely in funereal black . 
 even her diminutive bonnet , which was decorated with coils of chenille , was entirely black . 
 as inconspicuously as they could , the two women retired to an empty corner of the room . 
 by this stage , louisa was in a better frame of mind , and for the first time since frances 's escapade and the tennis match incident , she treated her niece kindly , something that had not escaped frances 's attention . 
 frances was pleased to note that they had talked non-stop during the ferry trip , and by the time they arrived at riverview , louisa was affectionately clutching onto one of frances 's arms . 
 a servant soon spotted the empty-handed women and offered them some chilled lemonade in a heavy crystal glass . 
 frances was thirsty and was just about to help herself to this appetising refreshment , when louisa declined the maid 's offer and rudely dismissed her . 
 frances spoke as soon as the indignant servant had withdrawn . 
 ` but what about the lemonade , aunt wentworth ? ' 
 she whispered in annoyance . 
 ` i very much wanted some . ' 
 ` edwina 's lemonade is renowned for its acidity , ' louisa stated , without making any effort to lower her voice . 
 ` i do n't know what her servants do to it , but it certainly does not taste as good as the lemonade at wintersleigh . ' 
 frances smiled in silence . 
 ` and furthermore , my dear , ' louisa said , fixing her gaze to the grandfather clock across the room , ` we have not got time for drinks . ' 
 frances looked inquiringly at her aunt . 
 ` but if we 're staying ... ' ` staying ? ' 
 louisa echoed . 
 ` oh heaven 's no . 
 i have no intention of doing that . ' 
 ` but i do n't understand . 
 why have we come all this way then ? 
 ` civility , my dear . 
 keeping up appearances . 
 edwina was kind enough to extend us this invitation , and it would be most unseemly not to attend . 
 so , here we are . 
 we shall mingle for a while , get our faces seen , and then leave . 
 i want to get home before afternoon tea . ' 
 frances was confused . 
 ` that seems rather an odd thing to do . 
 leave just after we have arrived . 
 very impolitic . ' 
 ` no , frances . 
 not impolitic . 
 a necessity . 
 i am afraid i can not abide edwina 's company . 
 she drives me to distraction with her chatter . ' 
 ` am i given to understand that she 's talkative ? ' 
 ` well not in the sense that she is garrulous , but it is what she talks of . 
 she always seems to go on about her children and her grandchildren , ' said louisa with a sniff of disdain . 
 ` it does vex me so , particularly when she constantly reminds everyone of how talented they all are . ' 
 frances was mystified . 
 ` but i thought you were friends with mrs ballard . 
 i thought you had known each other for years . ' 
 ` i have known her for years , but it does n't necessarily follow that we are friends . ' 
 frances looked blank for her aunt 's words puzzled her deeply . 
 she remained silent , with her eyes resting curiously on her aunt 's face . 
 she was soon roused from her musing by the stately rustle of a gown in front of her . 
 following her aunt 's glance she noticed that a tall and impressive looking middle-aged woman , dressed in rich folds of lustrous blue satin , was standing before them . 
 it was none other than the mistress of the house , and as louisa made all the necessary introductions , frances continued to observe and admire her new acquaintance . 
 ` miss norwood , ' edwina ballard began kindly . 
 ` at last we meet . 
 i have heard so much about you . 
 i understand that you have only been in hobart for a short time . ' 
 ` yes , that is correct , mrs ballard . ' 
 ` and how do you like it here , miss norwood ? 
 does it not seem rather dull compared with melbourne ? ' 
 frances smiled engagingly . 
 ` no . 
 not at all . ' 
 ` oh , ' said edwina , returning her smile , ` i thought that the young people of today preferred lives of constant entertainment and frivolity . ' 
 ` not for me , i 'm afraid . 
 i can say without hesitation that i prefer a quiet life . ' 
 ` do you indeed ? ' 
 edwina asked , evidently intrigued . 
 ` well i must say that you have chosen a perfect location for a quiet life . 
 you ca n't get much quieter than hobart . 
 except launceston , perhaps . ' 
 she sighed and glanced vacantly out the window . 
 ` still , you are in good company , ' she resumed . 
 ` my husband wilfred is exactly the same . 
 he has a great aversion to social gatherings . 
 that is why he is not here today , i grant you . 
 he told me he had business to attend to in new norfolk , but i am not fooled for a moment . ' 
 she exchanged a friendly look with frances . 
 ` now , miss norwood , bearing in mind your aversion to social parties , i hope you do not feel inclined to leave this party early ? ' 
 louisa observed frances 's questioning glance and was compelled to make an immediate answer . 
 ` i am afraid that frances and i can not stay for very long , which seems a pity , considering all the effort you have gone to . 
 the house looks quite splendid . 
 but really , with all your other friends around you , i am sure that you will not miss us . ' 
 edwina was not pleased . 
 ` oh , you have other plans then ? ' 
 ` frances and i have our christmas shopping to do in town this afternoon . 
 having my niece and daughters arrive at wintersleigh unexpectedly , i am sad to say that christmas has been the last thing on my mind . 
 i have bought no presents , or decorations . 
 i feel exceedingly ashamed of myself . ' 
 edwina examined louisa critically . 
 ` oh , ' she murmured . 
 ` quite . ' 
 ` and we have an engagement later this afternoon , ' frances lied . 
 ` my aunt and i are visiting a friend on the way home . ' 
 edwina was quickly mollified . 
 ` oh , well why did n't you say so before ? 
 there are not too many people in hobart who prefer christmas shopping to one of my garden parties . ' 
 having said this , she gave louisa a disparaging look . 
 ` so , when will you be leaving , louisa ? 
 it is just that i need a word in private with miss norwood here . ' 
 ` oh ? ' 
 louisa queried . 
 ` well , in that case i suppose i can spare frances for a few minutes . ' 
 ` excellent ! ' 
 edwina replied , and without saying another word , she led the bemused frances away through the throngs of women in the drawing room , down the hallway and into a smaller , book-lined room near the central staircase . 
 once the door was closed behind them and both women were seated , edwina resumed speaking . 
 ` now i wo n't keep you detained for very long , miss norwood , ' she began , ` because i know you want to leave shortly , but i just wanted to ask you a few questions pertaining to your work experience . 
 i understand that you have been working recently . ' 
 ` yes , mrs ballard , that 's correct . 
 i was a governess in melbourne . ' 
 ` excellent ! 
 very interesting indeed . ' 
 her friendly blue eyes twinkled . 
 ` you must like children a great deal then . ' 
 ` children ? ' 
 frances echoed . 
 ` i , i ... ' ` it is quite all right , miss norwood , ' edwina assured , leaning closer to frances , ` i can see that i am alarming you . 
 please do not be concerned . ' 
 her smile grew increasingly intimate , and after a brief pause , she sat back in her chair . 
 ` the truth is , my thirteen year-old grandson , crispin , needs someone to help him with his studies . 
 i wanted to know whether you would be interested in the position . ' 
 frances was confounded . 
 ` me ? ' 
 she cried impulsively . 
 ` yes , why not ? 
 you are more than qualified for the position . ' 
 ` well , yes i am qualified , mrs ballard , but , but how did you know i was looking for a situation ? 
 i feel sure my aunt would n't have mentioned it to you . 
 she does n't believe in women working . ' 
 ` yes , i know what louisa thinks about the new woman . 
 incidentally , i do not share her old-fashioned views . 
 no , a friend informed me of your situation . 
 this friend also told me about your previous pupil . 
 i understand the poor girl died before you arrived ? ' 
 ` yes , that 's correct . ' 
 ` most unfortunate , ' edwina remarked , folding her gloved hands onto the delicate folds of her gown . 
 ` i imagine it has put you in a difficult position . 
 still , i am offering you the employment you seek . 
 all i can do is give you the details , and let you make up your mind . ' 
 edwina ballard then proceeded to describe her grandson in detail , adding in a confiding tone that crispin was a refractory child at times , and that he needed the occasional firm hand , and someone to instil a sense of discipline in him . 
 she then casually discussed the conditions of employment , one of them being that the governess would be expected to live at riverview . 
 when everything had been said , she looked at frances expectantly . 
 ` i know my offer has been rather sudden , but i wanted to arrange something as soon as possible . 
 well , miss norwood ? 
 what do you say ? 
 will you at least consider it ? ' 
 frances wavered . 
 she was tempted to tell edwina that she disliked children , particularly ` difficult ' ones , but her desire to work at that moment over-rode any temptation to make that confession . 
 ` yes i 'll consider it , ' she said . 
 ` it 's a most generous offer . 
 i do n't know how to thank you . ' 
 edwina rose hastily from her chair . 
 ` please do not mention it . ' 
 she consulted her watch . 
 ` oh my ! 
 it is getting late . 
 my guests will wonder where i have disappeared to . ' 
 she moved towards the door , with frances close behind her , but just inside the doorway edwina faltered . 
 ` you know , when i was your age , i wanted to earn my own living and be financially independent . 
 unfortunately , my father was opposed to such plans . 
 he thought it inappropriate for a young woman to be working . 
 i had very few opportunities . 
 but you , miss norwood , you have an opportunity before you . 
 whether you decide to take it or not , is another matter . ' 
 chapter seventeen a death in the family by the time frances rejoined her aunt , her mind was in a state of turmoil . 
 edwina ballard 's offer had come as a complete surprise to her , and as she stood beside louisa she could think of nothing else . 
 louisa was understandably eager to hear all the details of frances 's ` tête-à-tête ' with the mistress of riverview , but frances did n't quite know what to say . 
 she could scarcely understand it herself . 
 she eventually assured louisa that the meeting had been of no importance . 
 ` stuff and nonsense ! ' 
 louisa declared . 
 ` for edwina ballard to pay you , a stranger , such attentions , it must have been exceedingly important . ' 
 frances was saved from making a reply by edwina ballard herself , who announced to the guests that an assortment of edible delicacies was being served outside . 
 the crowds of women around them began to disperse , and while they were making their way towards the drawing room door , louisa grabbed tightly onto frances 's arm . 
 ` this is the perfect moment , ' louisa whispered loudly . 
 ` come on , frances . 
 start making your way to the front door . ' 
 she began shunting frances in that direction . 
 ` if we go now , no-one will see us . ' 
 frances freed herself from her aunt 's grip and swung around to face her . 
 ` leave ? 
 now ? 
 but aunt wentworth , we 've only just arrived . 
 we have n't even been here thirty minutes . ' 
 she cast louisa a reproachful look . 
 louisa frowned . 
 ` yes , my dear , and as far as i am concerned , it has been thirty minutes too long . 
 the sooner we leave the better . ' 
 she was suddenly filled with suspicion . 
 ` and why are you so keen to remain here all of a sudden ? 
 what could possibly entice you to stay ? ' 
 ` i just wanted to explore the house a little more , ' frances lied . 
 the truth was that she was keen to learn more about edwina ballard . 
 she could not possibly accept edwina 's offer without knowing anything about her and her family . 
 she was therefore determined to remain at riverview for as long as possible . 
 the only problem she had now was trying to convince her aunt to stay . 
 while she searched her mind for a plausible excuse , louisa spoke . 
 ` explore the house ? 
 mercy , frances , what for ? 
 once you have seen one house , you have seen them all . ' 
 she then leant over a nearby parlour palm and ran a gloved finger along one of the leaves . 
 it was coated in dust , and louisa inspected her dirty finger with disgust . 
 ` huh ! ' 
 she said , blowing the dust away . 
 ` that would not happen at wintersleigh , most assuredly . ' 
 she looked critically about the room . 
 ` riverview has so little to recommend it , except perhaps for its short distance to town . 
 must be very convenient . 
 if i lived so close to the shops , i imagine i would have bought all my christmas presents by now , and i would not be in my current predicament . ' 
 frances doubted her aunt 's sentiments , particularly her comments about riverview . 
 from what she had already witnessed , it was an impressive house with an abundance of rooms , all tastefully furnished and decorated . 
 every inch of the house , it seemed , spoke of wealth and refinement : from the elegant floral papers , antique furniture and crystal chandeliers , to the gilded frames in the hallway . 
 ` now come on , my dear , ' louisa resumed . 
 ` i want to leave now . ' 
 ` ca n't we just have something to eat and drink before we go ? ' 
 frances suggested . 
 ` if i do n't take some refreshments now i 'll have no energy to go shopping with you . 
 you 'll have to carry all the bags by yourself . ' 
 louisa was in two minds . 
 ` how vexing , ' she said , ` still , i do not think a few minutes would hurt . 
 just mind what you eat . 
 i do not want edwina 's friends thinking that i do not feed you enough . ' 
 frances assured her aunt that she would show restraint with the food , and exulting over her victory with her aunt , she exited the drawing room and followed some straggling women down the echoing hallway . 
 along the way she passed several young and middle - aged gentlemen who were loitering near the doorway to the billiards room . 
 they were wealthy looking men , dressed smartly in an array of sports and tweed suits , straight stiff collars , frock coats and gloves , and as frances walked by them , they appraised her tall figure with admiration . 
 one gentleman , whose moustache was gleaming with pomade hongroise , even studied her through his monocle . 
 frances , of course , had little notion of her own attractiveness , and was oblivious to the attention she was receiving . 
 after stepping into the brilliance of the afternoon sun , frances opened her parasol and made her way across the sun-dappled lawn , in search of edwina ballard . 
 an initial search for the hostess , however , proved fruitless , and for some time she held herself aloof from the nearby throng . 
 while she waited for edwina to re-appear , frances was content to stand beneath the shade of her spotted muslin parasol and protect her complexion . 
 louisa was soon at her side , and followed suit with her sunshade . 
 ` frances , my dear , just look at those gowns , ' louisa remarked . 
 ` and those sleeves ! 
 my , they are getting exceedingly large are n't they ? 
 how would you be able to walk through an open doorway with those ? 
 i imagine you would need to walk through sideways . 
 very singular , not to mention impractical . ' 
 louisa paused briefly to accept a glass of ginger beer from a passing servant . 
 ` i know what you are thinking , my dear , ' she said , answering frances 's curious gaze , ` but i have no intentions of drinking it . 
 i just do not want to stand out in this crowd . 
 everyone seems to have a glass of something in their hands . 
 when no-one is looking , i will fling it onto that garden bed over there . ' 
 she indicated a small bed not far from where they were standing . 
 ` looks as though it has n't been watered in years . ' 
 frances , by this stage , was getting the impression that louisa was jealous of edwina ballard and she secretly wondered what had caused the rift between them . 
 although she knew nothing about the particulars of their apparent falling out , frances was inclined to blame her aunt for it . 
 frances 's smiled at the conclusion she had drawn , and while she scanned the crowd for edwina ballard 's elusive face , fragments of nearby conversations claimed her attention . 
 ` allow me to introduce you to mrs douglas richards , ' a woman 's voice declared beside her . 
 ` mrs richards 's husband has just been appointed to the hospital board . ' 
 in the next moment another woman was announcing to her party that her husband was acquainted with the governor , viscount gormanston , a declaration that was received by nods of the head and murmurs of approval . 
 frances sighed and rested her back against an expanse of trellis that was smothered with thornless climbing roses . 
 from her vantage point she appraised the bevy of women around her . 
 as she studied them from afar , she wondered why these women , most of them well-heeled and educated , were content to be introduced under their husbands ' names , and to let their husbands ' achievements overshadow their own . 
 all at once frances began to feel weary , and after hiding her face under the shade of her parasol , she closed her eyes . 
 for ten blissful minutes her aunt was no-where to be found . 
 when louisa eventually materialised frances opened a languid eye and studied her aunt 's face . 
 she noticed almost at once that louisa was looking rather sheepish . 
 ` ah , there you are , ' frances murmured sleepily , ` i thought you had abandoned me . ' 
 ` to these people ? 
 mercy , no ! 
 no , edwina 's friends are quite vexing . 
 they are wealthy , but from what i have observed , they have exceedingly little taste . 
 no , my dear , ' she said irritably , stepping closer to frances , ` i have just been down the side garden , taking some cuttings . ' 
 ` oh , aunt , you were n't ! ' 
 ` i certainly was . 
 i discovered a very singular variety of lavender . 
 one i have never seen before . 
 now do not look so black at me , frances . 
 there was plenty of it , and i am sure that edwina will not even notice . 
 it is inconceivable that she should have something in her garden that i do not have . ' 
 ` and did anyone see you ? ' 
 ` no of course not , and i made no endeavour to publicise it . 
 but enough of this idle chatter . 
 we must leave now . 
 i want to visit rosewood after our shopping . ' 
 she began to move towards the back door . 
 ` when i was taking the cuttings i was fortunate enough to overhear a conversation between the andrews sisters . 
 beatrice , in particular , has always shown an unhealthy interest in michael brearly , and she was saying to henrietta that there has been a death in the brearly family . ' 
 frances gasped and covered her mouth with her hand . 
 ` now pray do not be alarmed , my dear . 
 michael and george are both fine , by all accounts . 
 from the way the andrews sisters were talking , i got the impression that it was no-one we knew . ' 
 she walked through the back door and entered the cool and shadowy hallway . 
 ` perhaps we should go to rosewood first , ' frances suggested as she trailed after louisa . 
 ` not until i have done my shopping . ' 
 just before the front door , however , edwina ballard made an unexpected appearance . 
 ` ah , i see you are leaving now . 
 i hope your short stay was tolerable . ' 
 ` very much so , ' frances said smilingly . 
 ` yes , indeed , ' louisa echoed . 
 ` and what do you think of the garden , louisa ? ' 
 edwina inquired . 
 ` has it not changed a great deal since your last visit ? ' 
 louisa cast frances a sideways glance . 
 ` yes , most assuredly . ' 
 ` and what about the new garden bed along the west wing of the house , louisa ? 
 one of my guests informed me that you were particularly drawn to my new lavender bush . ' 
 louisa instinctively tightened her grip on her embroidered purse , where the spoils of her plundering were safely hidden . 
 ` yes , ' she said faintly , a wave of hauteur beginning to wash over her features , ` i confess i was admiring it . ' 
 ` well , i wish you all the best with your cuttings , louisa , ' edwina said with a grin , ` although i must warn you that that variety of lavender is very difficult to strike , particularly when the pieces are snapped off , and not cut cleanly . 
 you should have asked my gardener for a pair of secateurs . 
 he would have been more than happy to oblige you . ' 
 louisa glanced longingly towards the door . 
 ` you are too kind , ' she said , without looking at edwina . 
 ` not at all , ' edwina remarked genially . 
 ` and now i must get back to my other guests . 
 my parlour maid will escort you to the front door . ' 
 the maid was then summoned , and when she obediently emerged from the nearby drawing room , edwina began to take a few steps backwards . 
 ` all the best with your shopping , ' she said , as she made her withdrawal . 
 ` oh , and miss norwood , '' she added , ` i look forward to hearing from you soon . ' 
 she exchanged a meaningful glance with her , and without saying another word , she turned on her heel and swept regally down the hallway to her awaiting guests . 
 chapter eighteen george 's confession louisa , not surprisingly , was in an excitable mood by the time she left riverview , and from the new town tram-stop to the shops in the town centre , she talked scathingly of edwina and of her ` vexing ' guests . 
 the shopping expedition only marginally improved her spirits , -lrb- although she wished she had brought a servant with her to carry her purchases -rrb- and by the time frances and louisa arrived at rosewood , laden with innumerable parcel and bags , louisa was sullen and unresponsive . 
 george brearly 's appearance at the front door did nothing to improve louisa 's disposition , and after he assailed her with derogatory remarks about shopping and shoppers in general , louisa was even more irritable . 
 ` so , louey , ' george persevered , ` what delightful presents have you bought me for christmas ? 
 clothes ? 
 cigarettes ? 
 something to match my new lounge suit ? ' 
 he cocked his head as though he was trying to read louisa 's thoughts . 
 ` it better not be socks again , louisa . 
 you know how i feel about socks . ' 
 louisa subsided miserably into her chair by the drawing room window . 
 ` i will give you prior warning , george , ' she said , waving a finger at him , ` i am in no countenance this afternoon for your childish bantering . 
 we understand that there has been a death in the family . 
 we have therefore come specifically to visit michael , not you . 
 now kindly fetch him for us , before i lose my patience . ' 
 george simply stared . 
 ` well , you sure know how to make a man feel wanted , ' he said , pretending to be offended by her assertion . 
 ` do n't beat about the bush . 
 just tell me how you really feel . ' 
 he winked at frances and propelled himself into a chair beside her . 
 ` by jove , ' he whispered , leaning closer towards frances , ` what 's up your aunt 's blouse ? ' 
 ` she was caught stealing some lavender cuttings , ' frances explained . 
 george sniggered . 
 ` serves her right , ' he muttered . 
 ` dotty old bat . ' 
 frances smiled . 
 unlike her aunt , she was in good humour , buoyed by edwina ballard 's offer of employment , amused by the lavender incident , and strengthened by george 's presence . 
 ` well , george , ' louisa ventured . 
 ` is michael here or not ? ' 
 ` i thank you for your polite inquiry , louey , but i 'm afraid he 's indisposed at the moment . ' 
 ` indisposed ? 
 and what exactly is that supposed to mean ? ' 
 ` he 's burying his cat out in the lavender garden . ' 
 frances gasped . 
 ` oh poor henry ! ' 
 she exclaimed . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 ` i suppose you 're bound to hear about it sooner or later , ' george said . 
 ` i am the culprit responsible for cutting short henry 's promising little life . 
 i ... er , flattened him with michael 's carriage . ' 
 frances let out a cry . 
 ` oh , how horrible ! ' 
 ` yes , it was , ' george admitted . 
 ` awfully messy indeed . 
 still have n't cleaned the remains off the wheels . 
 doubt i ever will . ' 
 in the background louisa was shaking her head in silent disapproval . 
 ` and how did you manage that ? ' 
 frances asked . 
 ` cats are frightened of loud noises . ' 
 ` that 's what i thought too . 
 apparently henry is , rather was deaf in one ear . ' 
 he began nibbling his fingernails . 
 ` i tried to explain to michael that henry had a noble end , but michael would n't listen to me . 
 he thought it was perfectly ignoble . 
 still , what can you do ? 
 i tried apologising , but he would n't hear of that either . 
 he has n't spoken to me since last night . 
 that 's when it happened . ' 
 ` i am not surprised , ' louisa remarked ill-naturedly . 
 ` you are such a thoughtless boy . ' 
 george 's smile belied his inner annoyance . 
 ` well i can see that your respect for me is forever increasing , but honestly , louey , you should learn to control your feelings . 
 i know i 'm irresistible , but i must tell you now that my heart belongs to someone else . ' 
 he glanced earnestly towards frances . 
 ` i proposed to your niece a few days ago , and she accepted me . ' 
 frances cast him a sharp glance . 
 ` no you did n't ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` and even if you did propose to me , i would undoubtedly reject you . ' 
 ` you would ? ' 
 george said , looking rather baffled . 
 ` i 'm not ready to marry , ' frances explained , ` and what 's more , i 'd defy any man to put up with me . ' 
 ` i could put up with you , ' george said , watching her with undisguised admiration . 
 frances tingled with pleasure . 
 ` it should also be said , mr brearly , that i have too much taste and sense to succumb to your charms . ' 
 louisa , meanwhile , had observed the entirety of this playful repartee , and was growing more uneasy by the second . 
 she was well acquainted with george 's disgraceful past associations with women , and feared that frances was about to become his latest object . 
 the last thing louisa wanted was for someone like george brearly to have designs on her niece . 
 as chaperone , it was her duty to protect frances from unwelcome and assiduous attentions . 
 ` mercy , george , ' louisa thundered . 
 ` leave frances alone ! ' 
 ` by jove , keep your hair on ! ' 
 george said , trying not to laugh . 
 ` i was only having a bit of a lark . ' 
 ` you are not amusing when you trifle with people 's feelings , george , ' louisa explained . 
 ` particularly a woman 's , ' she added , delivering him a meaningful look . 
 ` i 'm afraid to say , ' george said , turning towards frances , ` that there are some people in this world who are completely destitute of a sense of humour . 
 your aunt is one of those people . ' 
 ` and some people , ' a man 's voice interrupted , ` are completely devoid of manners . ' 
 the drawing room occupants looked towards the doorway and discovered michael brearly leaning against the open door . 
 his thin , summer shirt , slightly open at the neck , was smeared with dirt . 
 ` george , ' michael continued , ` have you offered our guests refreshments yet ? ' 
 george rolled his eyes . 
 ` no . ' 
 michael went across the room impatiently , rang for a servant then installed himself into a chair on the other side of frances . 
 as he sat down , he smiled tentatively at her . 
 he was clearly pleased to see her . 
 ` i 'm so sorry to hear about henry , ' she whispered to him . 
 he smiled appreciatively . 
 ` i 'm glad somebody is . ' 
 for the next fifteen minutes or so a desultory conversation ensued . 
 michael , for obvious reasons , said very little , as did frances , who was still considering edwina ballard 's offer . 
 the afternoon tea was brought in , and as each member of the party helped themselves to tea and muffins , a distinct tapping sound was heard coming from the french windows . 
 an inquisitive louisa , sitting closest to the window , edged forward in her chair and peered out curiously through the glass . 
 suddenly , a face appeared through the window , and for some seconds she was staring into the eyes of another person . 
 a startled louisa recoiled from the sight of the stranger , and moved back so quickly from the window that she spilt the entire contents of her cup of tea down her gown . 
 she let out a cry of pain , and in the next moment , the entire room was in uproar . 
 voices were raised , furniture was moved and handkerchiefs were used to soak up the tea stains . 
 in the ensuing minutes of confusion , george brearly made a hasty departure , and when he returned to the room , he was accompanied by the blonde-headed jack maycroft , the muddy-faced miscreant , aged all of six years and three months . 
 chapter nineteen ` uncle mike ' ` uncle mike ! ' 
 the little boy promptly cried . 
 ` i found a big fat worm under a rock ! ' 
 he held out the squirming specimen for michael to inspect . 
 ` do you want me to get you one ? ' 
 michael groaned , before making his way over to where jack was standing . 
 he then put a firm hand on the boy 's shoulder and escorted him over to frances and louisa . 
 louisa was still ruefully dabbing at her stained gown and seemed reluctant to look at the culprit . 
 eventually she fixed jack with an ill-natured stare . 
 frances , meanwhile , was staring with amusement at the contorted worm in one of the boy 's grubby hands , and was trying in vain to suppress a grin . 
 ` louisa , miss norwood , ' michael began , ` allow me to introduce you to my nephew , jack maycroft . 
 this is my late sister 's son , ' he added , looking directly at frances . 
 ` jack , ' he went on , ` this is mrs wentworth , and this young lady here is miss norwood . ' 
 when jack made no response to this introduction , michael looked down at him with a scowl . 
 ` come on jack , what do you say ? ' 
 ` would you like a worm ? ' 
 jack hazarded . 
 ` i found this one under a rock , but i know where to get bigger ones . ' 
 frances began to laugh and quickly covered her mouth with her hand . 
 ` no , thank you , jack , ' she said , trying to sound more serious , ` i do n't like worms , but i 'm sure your uncle george would like one . 
 he has an affinity with them . ' 
 beside her , louisa betrayed a thin veneer of a smile . 
 ` oh touché , miss norwood , ' george said , impressed by frances 's riposte . 
 ` jack , ' michael interposed , ` nobody wants a worm . 
 they 're dirty and they belong in the ground . 
 moreover , i was trying to introduce you to some of my friends . 
 i do n't know whether your father told you this , but when you meet people , it 's polite to greet them . ' 
 ` huh ? ' 
 jack replied . 
 michael sighed . 
 ` and do n't say the word , ` huh , ' jack , it 's rude . 
 if you did n't hear what someone said , it 's better to say , i beg your pardon . ' 
 ` oh , ' jack said indifferently . 
 he began to scratch the side of his nose . 
 by this time , louisa had managed to compose herself , and she had long since forgiven jack for his earlier behaviour . 
 ` how do you do , jack ? ' 
 she asked good-naturedly . 
 ` good ! ' 
 he said , rubbing his eyes with a fist . 
 he then tried to move away , but feeling his uncle 's firm grip on his shoulder , he thought better of it . 
 ` what a good-looking little boy he is , michael , ' louisa observed , admiring jack 's pink lips , lively blue eyes and effeminately long and curled eyelashes . 
 ` i do not think i have seen him since he was a baby . 
 when did he arrive ? ' 
 ` yesterday , ' michael said , lowering his voice . 
 ` jack and his father caught the morning train from launceston . 
 it was a last minute arrangement . ' 
 ` and what about his father ? ' 
 louisa resumed . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 ` daddy 's asleep , ' jack happily declared . 
 ` i 've had to mind jack all day , ' whispered michael . 
 ` correction , michael , ' added george , ` we 've had to mind him all day . ' 
 michael ignored his brother . 
 ` are n't you going to apologise to mrs wentworth , jack ? ' 
 he said , trying to change the topic . 
 ` why ? ' 
 jack asked . 
 ` why ? ' 
 michael echoed , ` because you frightened her when you peered through the window . 
 what did i tell you about looking through windows , jack ? 
 i told you it was very naughty . 
 now come on , what do you say ? ' 
 ` sorry , ' jack said rather unwillingly . 
 he then began to look around the room . 
 ` uncle mike , ' he resumed more cheerfully , ` where is your pussy cat ? 
 daddy told me you had a pussy cat . ' 
 michael stared . 
 a surge of grief rose up within him , and for several seconds he could say nothing . 
 jack , however , took michael 's silence to be confirmation that there was a cat at rosewood . 
 ` can i feed him , uncle mike ? ' 
 he asked , lifting his entreating eyes to michael . 
 ` can i feed your pussy cat ? ' 
 ` there is no pussy cat here , jack , ' frances gently declared . 
 michael smiled gratefully at her , but said nothing . 
 ` but daddy told me -- ' ` i 'm sorry , jack , ' michael said huffily , ` but as miss norwood has just told you , there is no cat here . 
 if you do n't believe me , ask your uncle george . ' 
 having said this , all eyes in the room turned coldly towards george . 
 george , however , was picking lint off one of his trouser legs , and was completely unaware that he was the centre of attention . 
 michael was desirous to change the subject , and dropping to his knees , he pulled jack closer towards him . 
 ` now , what 's going on here ? ' 
 he asked , surveying his nephew 's muddy attire with concern . 
 ` we ca n't have your father seeing you like this , can we ? 
 i daresay he 'll think we let you run positively wild . ' 
 he plucked some dried leaves off the boy 's shoe laces . 
 ` why are you so muddy ? ' 
 ` i tripped over a big rock when uncle george was chasing me , ' jack explained solemnly , ` and i fell in some dirty mud . ' 
 michael looked reproachfully at george , but did not speak . 
 he then extracted a handkerchief from his pocket and began dabbing his nephew 's face with it , trying to clean away some of the dirt . 
 ` did you hurt yourself ? ' 
 michael asked , looking at the boy with more tenderness . 
 ` yes , ' said jack triumphantly , throwing out his hands for inspection . 
 ` i hurt my hands . ' 
 ` where ? ' 
 michael inquired . 
 he gently gathered jack 's hands together , and trying to ignore the worm that was now curled up and assuming a half-dead pose , michael discovered that his nephew 's hands were badly grazed . 
 one hand was even bleeding slightly . 
 ` george , ' michael said in a raised voice , ` have you seen jack 's hands ? 
 they 're bleeding . ' 
 george was now avidly biting his fingernails . 
 ` oh that ? ' 
 he replied in a cavalier manner , ` that 's nothing . 
 they 're just battle scars . 
 are n't they , jack ? ' 
 he winked playfully at his nephew . 
 ` yep ! ' 
 cried jack . 
 ` how can you say that ? ' 
 michael declared hotly . 
 ` your nephew is bleeding . 
 how could you be so careless ? 
 he could get an infection . ' 
 ` by jove , michael , there 's no need to be so dramatic , ' george said , beginning to nibble the fingernails on his other hand . 
 ` it 's not that serious . 
 it just needs a little wash . 
 jack 's a big boy and he can take care of himself . 
 ca n't you , jack ? ' 
 ` yep ! 
 i 'm a big boy now . 
 i 'm six . ' 
 ` yes , well i doubt your father will see it that way , ' michael huffily replied . 
 after getting to his feet , he swept jack off the floor and positioned him on his shoulders . 
 ` come on , jack , ' he said , moving towards the drawing room door , ` let 's go and get you cleaned up . ' 
 ` can i bring my worm , uncle mike ? ' 
 jack asked excitedly . 
 michael tightened his grip on his nephew 's legs . 
 ` on one condition , ' he replied . 
 ` what 's that , uncle mike ? ' 
 ` do n't call me , uncle mike , ' he said through clenched teeth . 
 louisa spoke as soon as man , boy and worm had left the drawing room . 
 ` oh frances , ' she began , her face beaming with delight , ` did you see how splendid michael was with his nephew ? 
 oh , what a father he will make ! ' 
 seeing george before her , however , the smile instantly froze on her lips . 
 ` which is more than i can say about you , ' she said , ill naturedly . 
 ` you should be ashamed of yourself . ' 
 ` why be ashamed of myself , when you can be ashamed for me ? ' 
 george replied with a grin . 
 ` and anyway , ' he said more seriously , ` what makes you think that michael will be a good father ? 
 he does n't even like children . 
 ask miss norwood . ' 
 ` stuff and nonsense , george , ' louisa objected . 
 ` what would you know ? ' 
 ` obviously a lot more than you , ' george uttered . 
 ` and what do you mean by that ? ' 
 ` you wentworth women are all the same , ' george explained . 
 ` you only see what you want to see . 
 you have a romantic notion about my brother that is completely false . 
 he does n't want to be a father , and just between the three of us , he does n't even enjoy being a doctor . ' 
 louisa was astounded . 
 ` and did he tell you that ? ' 
 ` he did n't have to , ' george said , rising to his feet . 
 ` i know dissatisfaction when i see it . 
 he ought to be more truthful , not just to everyone else , but firstly to himself . ' 
 he headed for the door . 
 ` i 'm going out for a while , ' he declared a little peevishly . 
 ` i 'd better finish cleaning the blood and fur off the carriage wheels . ' 
 george slipped both hands disconsolately into his pockets and shuffled over to the door . 
 in the doorway , though , he faltered and glanced over his shoulder at frances , who was sitting quietly and reflectively beside her aunt . 
 ` and as to your earlier remark , miss norwood , ' he said smilingly , ` i do n't at all have an affinity with worms . 
 i 'm not blind and i do n't at all like being kept in the dark . ' 
 with that parting remark , his smile vanished , and he shut the door loudly behind him . 
 chapter twenty ` twas the night before christmas ' the week before christmas passed slowly , as if time itself was dragging its broken feet . 
 during this period , hobart homes were filled with the delicious aromas of festive season cooking , evocative of childhood days , houses and christmas trees were adorned , and christmas cards , in all their abundance or scarcity , were being carefully arranged on mantelpieces , or in louisa wentworth 's case , anywhere where they were likely to be seen . 
 on the day before christmas , when expectations were running high , the spare rooms at wintersleigh were fitted up for the guests , and as family tradition dictated , christmas presents were wrapped , the house was decorated with colourful wreaths of flowers , and last , but not least , the wentworth family christmas tree was erected in the drawing room . 
 thanks to frances , louisa and agnes , the tree was soon draped with rope garlands of tinsel , iridescent glass beads , gossamers , gelatine candy ornaments , silver and gilt paper stars and leaves , coloured candles attached with spring clips , and a myriad collection of coloured diaphanous ornaments . 
 as a final touch , and at agnes 's insistence , pieces of cotton were placed along the tree limbs , to simulate snow . 
 by the time the guests arrived at wintersleigh on christmas eve , the house was glowing with light from the gasoliers in each room , and from the candlelight on the christmas tree , playing gently about the ornaments . 
 outside wintersleigh 's entrance , servants were unloading the luggage and parcels from the brearly 's carriage , and were going back and forth into the house like pendulums in a clock shop . 
 as the guests made their way inside , they were hospitably greeted by louisa who , having discarded her usual black attire for the festive occasion , was dressed in an evening gown of silver grey silk , with low set balloon sleeves . 
 her hair was dressed the way she always wore it . 
 to the hum of conversation and blithe cries of , ` merry christmas ! ' 
 louisa and agnes led the brearly brothers , a sailor suit clad jack , and his immaculately , almost clinically dressed father , thomas maycroft , into the drawing room . 
 agnes , on this night , was attired elegantly in daffodil satin , with long matching gloves , and while the colour tended to drain the colour from her face , no-one , particularly the gentlemen , seemed to notice it . 
 they were too busy showering her with compliments . 
 to his own mind , however , george had his eyes more pleasingly engaged on the tall figure of miss norwood , who was wearing a unique and very becoming velvet gown , accompanied by a long flowing caftan of beige-coloured cloth . 
 unbeknownst to him , she was wearing a liberty tea gown , which was all the rage amongst some women in melbourne 's artistic circles . 
 frances 's mass of golden hair was also beautifully dressed , and was bundled at the nape of her neck with several dainty clips , except for several strands of curly hair that were allowed to hang down the sides of her face . 
 ` well , well , ' george cried , transferring his gaze to the others around him , ` do n't we all look fetching this evening ? ' 
 nobody answered . 
 ` yes , very fetching indeed ! ' 
 he returned his attention to frances . 
 ` we should have christmas more often , do n't you think , miss norwood ? ' 
 ` not at all , mr brearly , ' she replied cordially , ` once a year is more than enough . ' 
 george grinned and turned towards his diminutive nephew . 
 ` and what about you , jack , my little whipper snapper ? ' 
 he probed . 
 ` you 're looking awfully grand in that sailor suit . ' 
 ` daddy does n't like it , ' jack whined . 
 ` what ? ' 
 george cried . 
 ` what rubbish ! ' 
 he leaned over and began tickling jack under the arms . 
 ` you 're the best looking guest here tonight , ' he declared , ` except for me , of course . ' 
 he stopped tickling the giggling jack , and looked up at the tall and distinctive figure of his brother-in-law , thomas maycroft . 
 ` what 's the matter , tommy ? ' 
 george queried . 
 ` do n't like the sailor suit ? ' 
 thomas adjusted his spectacles and glanced derisively at george through them . 
 ` not especially , no . ' 
 he then plunged his hands into his trousers and looked away . 
 george sensed the undercurrents of hostility from thomas , and he decided to remain silent . 
 he had never much liked his haughty , scholarly brother-in-law , and as he studied thomas 's oiled hair , manicured moustache and gleaming shoes , he prudently decided to change the subject . 
 ` let 's go and sit down next to miss norwood , ' he suggested to jack , and sweeping his blonde-headed nephew up into his arms , he carried him over to where a smiling frances was now sitting . 
 ` but why ? ' 
 jack cried . 
 ` because miss norwood is sitting all by herself near the window , and she looks as though she could do with some company . ' 
 ` but i do n't want to sit over there , ' jack declared sullenly . 
 ` where do you want to sit then ? ' 
 ` i want to go home . ' 
 ` you 're going home soon , jack , ' george explained , easing himself into a nearby armchair . 
 he then placed jack on his lap . 
 ` until then , i 'm afraid you 're just going to have to put up with us . ' 
 ` i 'm hungry ! ' 
 jack then protested . 
 ` when are we having dinner ? ' 
 ` you had better ask your auntie louisa , ' george said , with a sigh of exasperation . 
 ` when can i eat ? ' 
 jack called out rudely . 
 louisa had just settled herself by the drawing room window , and looked up at jack in surprise . 
 ` you have only just got here , jack , ' she said reprovingly . 
 ` dinner will not be served for some time yet . ' 
 ` but i 'm hungry , ' jack whined , rubbing his eyes , ` i 'm hungry and i want to eat now ! ' 
 for some time no-one in the room knew what to do . 
 thomas , it appeared , seemed little concerned with his son 's deteriorating behaviour , and was content to sit back in his chair and stroke his moustache . 
 frances , whose patience had already come to an end , was tempted to remove the child from the room , but it was n't her child , thankfully , and she decided not to interfere . 
 it was agnes , however , who eventually came to everyone 's rescue . 
 she promptly removed jack from george 's lap , and held him lovingly in her arms . 
 she then suggested to him that they go and hunt for the chocolates she had hidden throughout the house . 
 jack 's eyes instantly lit up , and in the next moment , he was jumping up and down with irrepressible elation -- agnes had n't really hidden chocolates around wintersleigh , but she vowed to reward him for his searching . 
 ` well , i 'll be in that ! ' 
 george proclaimed , rising quickly to his feet . 
 ` anything 's got to be better than sitting around here and making polite conversation . ' 
 agnes glowered . 
 ` oh , no you wo n't , george . 
 you had your chance . 
 jack is coming with me . ' 
 george placed both hands on his hips . 
 ` and what 's that supposed to mean ? ' 
 ` i do n't know , ' agnes snarled , ` you 're allegedly intelligent . 
 work it out for yourself . ' 
 ` there 's no supposing about it , ' george heatedly retaliated , ` i am intelligent . ' 
 ` well if that 's so , ' agnes quipped , ` explain to me then why you abandoned your university studies . ' 
 george looked desperately towards michael . 
 ` i , i can explain ! ' 
 ` i 'm leaving now , ' agnes announced . 
 ` this is no place for a child . ' 
 she stared stonily at george as she accentuated this last word . 
 she then kissed jack lovingly on the forehead , and swept triumphantly out of the drawing room . 
 when agnes closed the door behind her , the room was immersed in a seemingly impenetrable silence . 
 in addition to this , each occupant in the room was regarding george with censorious stares . 
 to hide his discomfiture , george lowered himself onto the sofa . 
 ` is this true ? ' 
 michael finally asked . 
 ` you 're no longer studying ? ' 
 george began to squirm about in his chair . 
 ` i , i think i might attempt a hasty escape at this point . ' 
 ` stay where you are , george , ' louisa warned . 
 ` your brother wants an explanation , as we all do . 
 are you , or are you not , studying ? ' 
 george began chewing nervously on his fingernails . 
 ` let 's just say that there wo n't be two doctor brearlys in the family , ' he eventually declared . 
 ` oh , george ! ' 
 louisa cried , falling back in her chair with a disenchanted air . 
 beside her , michael raised a hand to his head . 
 ` not that it 's anyone else 's business , ' george added in a louder and more defensive tone . 
 ` what i do is a matter for me and for me only . 
 i have , and will always act , in a way that contributes to my own happiness . 
 to be frank with you , i could n't give a fig about anyone else . ' 
 ` then why tell falsehoods ? ' 
 michael demanded , unexpectedly springing to life . 
 ` why did n't you say something when you arrived ? 
 when we asked you about your studies , you said they were going well . 
 you even told us some of your university anecdotes . ' 
 despite the tenseness of the situation , george smiled . 
 ` i 'd only just arrived . 
 i did n't want to rock the boat , so to speak . 
 besides , i gave up my studies an age ago . 
 in fact , if i remember correctly , i only attended classes for a few weeks . 
 nearly fainted away during one of my anatomy lectures . 
 it was too gruesome for my liking . 
 when you really think about it , the human body is awfully revolting . ' 
 frances attempted a laugh , but admonishing glances from michael and louisa , soon wiped the smile from her face . 
 feeling fleetingly remorseful , she decided to ask a serious question . 
 ` and what are you doing now , mr brearly ? ' 
 she asked politely . 
 ` never mind that , miss norwood , ' michael cut in , ` do you mean to tell me , george , that you abandoned your studies three years ago ? ' 
 george reflected . 
 ` mmm , yes that sounds about right . ' 
 ` and what are you doing now ? ' 
 thomas asked , offering one of his rare pieces of conversation . 
 again , he condescendingly scrutinised george through his spectacles . 
 george looked about him expectantly . 
 ` i have my own column in a well-known melbourne newspaper . ' 
 he seemed impressed by his assertion and crossed his arms proudly over his chest . 
 ` are you saying that you are a journalist ? ' 
 louisa gasped . 
 ` you bet i am . 
 ` barnacle brearly ' they call me . 
 once i set my sights on a good story , i just never let go . ' 
 he chortled to himself . 
 ` and why does that not surprise me ? ' 
 thomas murmured under his breath . 
 ` yes , well i dare say my situation is more interesting than yours , tommy , ' george retorted . 
 ` it 's common knowledge that you scholars live in your own little sphere . 
 it must be all that rarefied air . 
 just look at you . 
 you 're prime evidence that there is a place in the world where time stands still . ' 
 ` george brearly ! ' 
 louisa cautioned . 
 ` there is no need to resort to personal insults . 
 we are all trying to come to terms with what you have just told us . ' 
 frances deliberated . 
 given her cousin 's aversion to george , frances wondered how it was that agnes knew about his decision to abandon medicine in favour of journalism . 
 she also wanted to know how long agnes had known about it . 
 she intended to ask her cousin these questions when agnes returned to the room . 
 ` and how is it that agnes knows about your change in occupation ? ' 
 michael queried , as if reading frances 's mind . 
 george 's eyes widened . 
 ` i believe that agnes , found out purely by accident , ' he replied with hurried defensiveness . 
 ` i , i ca n't remember the exact details , or when it happened exactly , but it seems as though a friend of hers read one of my articles . 
 she then mentioned it to agnes . ' 
 ` then why did n't she tell me ? ' 
 a nettled michael asked . 
 ` well how should i know ? ' 
 george shot back . 
 ` and what does your employer think about you spending all this time in hobart ? ' 
 michael inquired . 
 ` should n't you be working ? ' 
 ` i am working , of sorts . 
 i 'm writing as a freelance , which means i get to scribble out a few stories here and there . 
 i 've already written three articles since i 've been here . ' 
 he then studied the faces of each occupant in the room . 
 ` you all pity me , do n't you ? ' 
 he suddenly demanded of the group . 
 ` you pity me for being a lowly journalist , but at least i 'm following my convictions and doing something i 've always wanted to do , instead of doing what i am supposed to do . 
 and do you know something , ' he added , in a voice that was under better control , ` i 'm the happiest i 've ever been in my life . 
 that 's more than anyone else in this room can say about themselves . 
 no offence intended , miss norwood , ' he added hurriedly . 
 ` none taken , mr brearly , ' frances assured him . 
 george drew in a long , deep breath . 
 he then exhaled loudly as though he was purging himself of all his earlier frustration . 
 ` well , i do n't know about anyone else here , but i certainly feel better . 
 i 've unburdened myself at last and i feel like a new man . ' 
 ` good for you , mr brearly ! ' 
 frances exclaimed . 
 george 's face brightened . 
 ` why thank you , ' he said , rewarding frances with a famous george brearly smile , ` i appreciate your support . ' 
 no-one else in the room , be that as it may , shared frances 's sentiments or voiced their encouragement for george . 
 to their collective relief , the dinner bell finally rang , and the group was invited into the dining room for christmas eve dinner . 
 they did not need to be summoned twice . 
 chapter twenty one ` tis the season to be jolly ' george 's unwilling confession did nothing to improve everyone 's spirits on christmas eve , although , that being said , it in no way affected the quality of the dinner . 
 jack was unusually quiet , no raised voices or heated arguments were heard , and a combination of delicious food and meaningless conversation were all the ingredients necessary to make it a successful , but dull dinner . 
 following the meal , the party withdrew to the drawing room for an interminable evening of cards and music . 
 ` whist ' was the first card game played , with george and frances pitted against michael and louisa . 
 agnes had an aversion to card games of any description , and confined herself to the piano , where she played schumann contentedly all evening . 
 thomas , too , was averse to cards , and preferred to sit in the background , reading a laborious book on theology . 
 ` look at him , ' george said , directing frances 's attention to his brother-in-law . 
 ` he likes pontificating about social behaviour , and yet he has absolutely no social skills . ' 
 he broke off laughing . 
 ` perhaps he just does n't like what he sees , ' an amused frances suggested . 
 ` how can he be so critical of us ? ' 
 george resumed more soberly . 
 ` we 're fine specimens of humanity . 
 particularly in the get up we 're wearing tonight . 
 do n't we all look fetching this evening ? ' 
 he queried out loud . 
 ` yes thank you , george , ' michael said , placing a card tersely down on the card-table . 
 ` you 've already made that observation once this evening . ' 
 ` did i ? 
 well so i did . 
 still , it 's a fact worth repeating . 
 particularly miss norwood , ' he went on . 
 ` what do you think , michael ? ' 
 he said , fixing a rapt eye on his card partner . 
 ` do n't you think miss norwood outshines everyone tonight ? ' 
 michael lowered his cards onto the table and rested his gaze on frances , who was sitting directly across from him at the table . 
 the look deepened in his eyes as he appraised her , but he said nothing . 
 frances reddened under his gentle scrutiny . 
 ` humph ! ' 
 george said . 
 ` do n't mind his silence . 
 i still think you surpass everyone with your beauty . ' 
 ` oh do stop it , mr brearly , ' frances replied . 
 ` flattery does not suit you in the slightest . ' 
 her grin widened . 
 ` if you do n't stop it , i shall hit you over the head with one of my slippers . ' 
 george laughed outright . 
 ` well , well , is n't that charming ! 
 you compliment a woman on her choice of frock , and she threatens violence ! 
 ah , these modern colonial women . 
 what is the world coming to ? ' 
 ` your world will be coming to an abrupt end , if you do n't hold your peace , ' michael muttered . 
 ` just stop talking , george , and concentrate , ' louisa added . 
 ` you have just knocked your cards onto the floor , by the way . ' 
 louisa then exchanged a look of exasperation with michael . 
 while george retrieved his cards from the floor , jack , accompanied by a rather lax servant , was roaming around the room , prodding things he should n't , including clocks , ornaments , books , gilt framed photographs , and anything else that he could reach . 
 on more than one occasion louisa warned him to keep his hands to himself , but despite these remonstrances , he continued to explore , and much to her dismay , continued to touch . 
 ` do n't you find card games rather tiresome ? ' 
 george remarked to frances a few minutes later . 
 ` but mr brearly , ' frances whispered , ` we 've only been playing for twenty minutes . ' 
 ` humph . 
 well i wish we could do something more amusing . ' 
 ` what did you have in mind ? ' 
 frances asked . 
 ` pin the tail on the donkey , perhaps , ' he suggested . 
 ` forfeits ? 
 i know ! 
 what about musical chairs ? ' 
 frances beamed . 
 ` musical chairs ? 
 you ca n't be serious ! ' 
 ` i 'm completely serious , miss norwood . 
 anything would be better than this . 
 this is a waste of a good evening . ' 
 ` george ! ' 
 louisa warned again . 
 ` are you playing or talking ? ' 
 ` talking , ' he answered . 
 ` i can see that , ' she replied tersely . 
 ` we , however , are trying to play . 
 so if you do n't mind , we would prefer it if you kept quiet . ' 
 george ignored louisa and turned to frances with a smile . 
 ` i know what i 'll do . 
 i 'll give you a rendition of a famous shakespearean soliloquy . 
 i 'll recite the line , and you have to name the play it came from . ' 
 ` go on then . ' 
 before george gave the beginnings of the famous speech , however , louisa 's raised voice echoed around the room . 
 ` jack ! ' 
 she chided , ` please do not touch that ! ' 
 george snickered . 
 when he had managed to compose himself , he looked in louisa 's direction and declared in a deliberately affected voice : ` frailty thy name is woman ... ' ` right , that is it ! ' 
 louisa pronounced with a flash of anger . 
 ` i have had enough of this . ' 
 she rose to her feet and placed her hands on her hips . 
 louisa 's sudden outburst had the desired effect , for agnes 's nimble fingers instantly faltered at the piano , one of jack 's little hands froze on louisa 's favourite vase , and even thomas maycroft , who by this stage was in a transient doze , looked up to see what was going on . 
 all eyes anxiously turned to the mistress of wintersleigh . 
 ` ever since we started this game , ' louisa said coldly , ` you two have done nothing but talk . ' 
 she gave george and frances a thorny look . 
 ` it is exceedingly discourteous , and i for one refuse to play another minute with people who seem so disinclined to play seriously . 
 we therefore shall play no more . ' 
 michael too , rose to his feet , and after trying in vain to dissuade louisa from her resolution , diplomatically suggested that it was time for some music , for , as he reasoned , who could have any serious objection to music ? 
 as it so happened , george did , but after the treatment he had just received from louisa wentworth , he thought it in his best interests to keep quiet . 
 after some purely instrumental pieces , singers were called upon . 
 for the rest of the evening , solos and duets were sung much to louisa 's delight , whose spirits had improved slowly throughout the night . 
 everyone except jack and frances sang . 
 jack , by this stage , was fast asleep in his father 's arms , and was spread out like a little star fish . 
 frances , on the other hand , was conscious of her own musical ignorance and lack of talent , and thought it best not to torment her aunt 's guests . 
 overall , michael brearly was by far the most competent singer , and despite george 's taunts that he sounded like a fog horn , was able to complete two songs and receive rapturous applause for his efforts . 
 following his successful performance , michael settled himself on an easy chair beside the christmas tree . 
 his musical exertions had wearied him more than he initially realised , and he closed his eyes , hoping to get at least ten minutes of respite . 
 not even one minute later the sounds of women 's screams woke him from his nap and forced him to get to his feet . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 he cried . 
 ` what 's the matter ? ' 
 ` there 's a spider , michael , ' agnes said tremulously , from her position by the piano . 
 ` and a big furry one at that , ' george added . 
 ` look at it , ' he said , pointing to the giant huntsman on the floral summer curtains , ` you could get a fur coat out of that one . ' 
 michael simply stared . 
 ` is that all ? 
 good god , i thought someone was being murdered . ' 
 he huffily returned to his seat . 
 ` well do n't just sit there , michael , ' louisa said . 
 ` something must be done about it , most assuredly . ' 
 michael groaned . 
 ` and what am i supposed to do , louisa ? 
 it 's not doing anyone any harm . ' 
 ` not physical harm , perhaps , ' agnes retorted , ` but what about our peace of mind ? ' 
 michael was growing more exasperated by the moment . 
 ` if it worries you so much , agnes , ' he said tersely , ` get a servant to take care of it . ' 
 ` for pity 's sake , ' george interrupted , ` let me sort it out . 
 i 'm not afraid of being outsmarted by a mere spider . ' 
 he promptly removed one of his shoes , and holding it in his hands , approached the spider menacingly . 
 ` no ! ' 
 louisa shrieked . 
 ` not my curtains ! 
 they are probably worth more than your yearly salary . ' 
 at that moment the spider jumped from the curtains onto the floor , and began scuttling towards agnes near the piano . 
 her screams woke jack from his sleep , and as he too was terrified of spiders , promptly burst into tears . 
 thomas meanwhile , watched the proceedings with stony faced bemusement . 
 ` whoa , there he goes ! ' 
 george clamoured . 
 ` right towards miss wentworth ! ' 
 agnes screamed again . 
 ` oh i hate you , george brearly . 
 i honestly do . 
 you herded that thing in my direction . ' 
 she then darted away from the piano , and stood beside her mother . 
 at last , michael could take no more , and rising from his chair , walked over to the door . 
 ` i 'm off , ' he declared to anyone who would listen to him . 
 ` i 've got a house call to make . ' 
 the party , however , was too engrossed with the spider 's movements to take heed of michael 's words , and they certainly did n't notice him when he withdrew from the room . 
 he encountered no-one on his way out of the house , and as he made his escape out the front door he could hear the background sounds of the drawing room commotion echoing loudly down the hallway . 
 once he was outside , he sat wearily on one of wintersleigh 's front steps and drew both hands to his head . 
 his mind was fraught with henry 's death , george 's confession , and the fact that both george and agnes had failed to inform him of george 's change of occupation . 
 jack 's deteriorating behaviour was also a concern . 
 yesterday michael had caught him smearing muddy handprints on the downstairs windows , and this morning jack had placed dead worms in michael 's favourite pair of shoes . 
 michael heaved a sigh . 
 if this was a sign of what was to come , he did not relish the future . 
 chapter twenty two christmas day to the universal satisfaction of hobartians , christmas morning greeted hobart with sun , blue skies and chirping birds . 
 little jack maycroft took a special delight in this , and since dawn of that morning he had been tarrying near the window , in an attempt to catch the elusive santa claus flying across the brilliant morning sky . 
 in vain the pyjama-clad boy had waited , and by the time george brearly discovered him later that morning by the fireplace , he was looking particularly glum . 
 ` jack , ' george said , falling onto his knees before the child , ` why are you so sad , my little whipper snapper ? ' 
 ` santa did n't come , uncle george , ' the child declared mournfully . 
 ` daddy said that santa would come down the chimney , but i 've been waiting here forever , and he did n't come ! ' 
 he began sniffling . 
 ` do you know how many chimneys there are at wintersleigh , jack ? 
 perhaps he came down another one this year . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 cried the distraught boy . 
 ` daddy said he 'd come down this chimney ! ' 
 tears began to course down his cheeks . 
 ` he forgot about me , uncle george ! ' 
 jack exclaimed . 
 ` how could he forget me ? 
 i wrote him a letter , and everything ! ' 
 the last part of his sentence was muffled by a sob . 
 ` i told him not to visit me at daddy 's house , ' coz i 'd be here . ' 
 ` i see , ' was all george could say . 
 for the first time in his life , it seemed , george brearly was lost for words . 
 he looked helplessly into his nephew 's pleading eyes . 
 ` santa moves in mysterious ways , jack , ' he said at last . 
 jack was clearly disappointed by this assertion , but just before he burst into a fresh round of tears , the shrill voice of louisa wentworth roused him from his miseries . 
 he looked up hopefully and saw louisa standing near the drawing room door . 
 ` jack ! ' 
 she cried with an unusual display of enthusiasm , ` have you seen what is on the end of your bed ? 
 have you seen what santa has brought you ? ' 
 again jack was confused , but when the penny finally dropped , he let out a squeal of joy and darted upstairs to his room , which he shared with his father . 
 minutes later , he raced downstairs with his beloved , yet modest present in his arms . 
 he proudly showed it to george and louisa . 
 ` well , who is a lucky boy , then ? ' 
 louisa asked , secretly mystified by the meagreness of jack 's gift : a tiny wooden rocking horse . 
 jack said nothing . 
 he had just spotted the other presents under the christmas tree , and he was eager to get his hands on them . 
 ` when do i get to open the other presents ? ' 
 he asked , quickly casting his father 's present aside on a nearby table . 
 ` now , now , my little man , ' george remonstrated , ` do n't be too greedy . ' 
 ` when can i have the other presents ? ' 
 jack repeated , ignoring his uncle and looking up expectantly at louisa . 
 ` not until everyone else has risen from bed and has had their breakfast . ' 
 armed with this new knowledge , jack dashed towards the staircase . 
 climbing the stairs as fast as his little legs could carry him , he burst into the rooms of each sleeping occupant , and attempted to rouse them with the cries of , ` wake up or i wo n't get my presents ! ' 
 not surprisingly , this blatant type of persuasion had little or no effect on the people he was trying to drag out of bed . 
 his father , for one , took no interest in his son 's impetuous behaviour . 
 ` you 're breathing in my ear , ' he murmured through an abundance of sheets , ` now get out ! ' 
 frances , however , had a more creative way to combat jack 's behaviour . 
 she feigned sleep throughout the duration of the onslaught , and to her relief , jack quickly lost interest with her . 
 jack was in no way discouraged by his unsuccessful encounter with frances and scampered jauntily along the corridor until he reached the next room . 
 unwittingly , he entered the doctor 's bed-chamber . 
 if he had been expecting any form of cooperation from the normally placid doctor brearly at seven o’clock in the morning , little jack maycroft was to be sadly mistaken . 
 in what was now a well-rehearsed performance , jack catapulted himself onto michael 's bed , and began to shake the bed 's occupant . 
 michael woke quickly from his slumber , and spotting jack through his sleepy eyes , he groaned and rolled over to the other side of the bed . 
 jack , however , was not at all perturbed by his uncle 's indifference . 
 he continued shaking him . 
 ` wake up , uncle mike ! ' 
 jack shouted . 
 ` get up now or i wo n't get my ... ' in the blink of an eye , michael sat up in his bed and grabbed a firm hold of jack 's pyjama collar . 
 ` now listen to me , you little terror , ' he began , ` my name is uncle michael , not uncle mike . ' 
 ` but uncle george told me to call you uncle mike , ' jack explained . 
 after a moment of consideration michael loosened his grip slightly on his nephew 's collar . 
 ` i do n't care what your uncle george said . 
 i know what my name is , and that 's all that matters . ' 
 at this point , jack caught sight of michael 's ruffled hair . 
 it was standing on end as though it had been buffeted by cyclonic winds . 
 jack broke down into a fit of giggles . 
 ` you look like a rooster , uncle mike ! ' 
 he squalled excitedly . 
 michael again tightened his grip on jack 's collar . 
 ` call me uncle mike again , ' michael warned , ` and i swear to god , jack , i 'll rip your arm off and hit you with it ! 
 now leave me in peace ! ' 
 jack stared . 
 ` you wait ` til i tell daddy about you , ' he said , his lip quivering with emotion . 
 ` please yourself , ' michael retorted , ` and while you 're at it , give my regards to your father . ' 
 jack burst into tears . 
 ` i hate you ! ' 
 he screamed , and without looking back , fled from the room , slamming the door shut behind him . 
 ` god , i hate christmas ! ' 
 michael muttered , and with a loud sigh , he fell back onto his pillows . 
 chapter twenty three agnes speaks her mind as agnes wentworth gazed out of the drawing room window , a sullen jack maycroft sat cross-legged on the floor under the christmas tree , nibbling on a mince pie and prodding one of the colourfully wrapped christmas presents with a careless and inquisitive finger . 
 george brearly sat on the floor next to jack and watched his nephew . 
 for several minutes nothing was said . 
 but when jack started to shake one of the presents violently , george was compelled to speak . 
 ` do n't do that , jack , ' he said reproachfully . 
 ` you 're irritating me . ' 
 ` but the presents , uncle george . 
 i want to find out what 's in ` em . ' 
 george smiled . 
 ` well , why did n't you say so , you little duffer ? ' 
 he said , sidling up to his nephew . 
 ` if you want to know what 's inside the package , you do n't do that . 
 watch me and take advice from a seasoned professional . ' 
 he dropped a small present onto his own lap . 
 ` now , before i show you the tricks of the trade i 'll ... ' the entrance of his brother , smartly attired in morning dress , caused him to falter . 
 ` merry christmas , big brother ! ' 
 george cried , as michael crossed the room towards agnes . 
 ` is it ? ' 
 michael muttered over his shoulder . 
 george grinned and looked down at his nephew . 
 ` well , well , it 's not hard to see who did n't get any presents on the foot of their bed , ' he whispered . 
 ` someone 's clearly in a stew . ' 
 jack giggled and stared malevolently at his bully of an uncle . 
 agnes , meanwhile , had noticed michael 's approach , and had swung around to face him . 
 her face was stern and unwelcoming . 
 ` i want to talk with you , ' she said with unusual solemnity . 
 ` ca n't it wait ? ' 
 he said , a little too carelessly . 
 ` i want to get my breakfast . ' 
 ` no , it can not wait . ' 
 ` i see , ' michael said , growing a little curious . 
 ` is anything wrong ? ' 
 ` could you two please leave the room ? ' 
 she asked , addressing jack and george . 
 ` i want to talk to michael , alone . ' 
 george pulled a face . 
 ` leave the room , just so that you can talk with michael ? 
 not on your life , agnes . 
 if you want to talk with my brother , i suggest you speak to him elsewhere . ' 
 ` george , ' she said coldly , ` will you get off your high horse for just one moment . 
 please ? ' 
 ` certainly not , ' george objected , ` especially now that you 've dragged my high horse into it . 
 and anyway , i was here first , agnes wentworth . 
 i know my rights . ' 
 ` george , ' michael urged gently . 
 ` please leave us alone . ' 
 george was still reluctant to leave , but did n't want to test agnes 's fragile patience . 
 besides , he thought , as he was making his departure , he could always eavesdrop from outside the door ! 
 ` come on , jack , ' he said , encircling his nephew with his arms , ` we know when we 're not wanted . ' 
 they then withdrew from the room . 
 once the door was shut , agnes spoke . 
 ` i 've just had a little talk with jack , ' she began . 
 ` oh yes , ' said michael , anxiously adjusting his necktie . 
 ` a very interesting talk , actually . 
 he was telling me that you threatened to smack him . 
 he said , and these were his words , michael , that you 'd rip off his head and then hit him . 
 did you say that ? ' 
 michael was speechless . 
 ` it 's an easy question to answer . 
 either you did , or you did n't threaten him . ' 
 ` what rot ! ' 
 agnes looked relieved . 
 ` so you did n't say that then ? ' 
 ` no , i did not . 
 what i did say to him was that if he kept calling me uncle mike , i 'd rip off his arm and hit him with it . 
 there 's a distinct difference . ' 
 ` oh , michael ! 
 how could you be so beastly to him ? ' 
 ` good god , agnes . 
 i was only bluffing . 
 you know i would never strike a child , and i think that under the circumstances , i was perfectly entitled to say what i did . 
 did you see what he was up to this morning ? 
 he climbed over my bed , literally climbed over my bed . 
 as it is , i 'm only getting about three hours of sleep a night , and the last thing i wanted was for some child to wake me up , for no good reason . 
 in all sincerity , his behaviour was disgraceful . 
 i ca n't believe that thomas did n't put a stop to it . ' 
 ` michael , we 're not talking about thomas , ' agnes responded heatedly . 
 ` we 're talking about you . 
 is that how you normally treat children ? ' 
 ` yes , if they are as badly behaved as him . 
 and as for jack , i do n't regret what i said to him . 
 it 's about time someone showed him a bit of discipline . ' 
 ` do you call that discipline ? 
 for heaven 's sake , you threatened to hurt a child ! 
 no wonder he came to me in tears . 
 i am absolutely appalled by your behaviour . ' 
 michael stared . 
 ` appalled with me ? 
 but why ? 
 what have i done ? 
 i was n't the one crawling over people 's beds at seven o’clock in the morning and maliciously waking them up . ' 
 ` he 's a little boy , michael , and it 's christmas morning . 
 he was excited . 
 you , however , do n't have that excuse . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` this is n't just about jack . 
 ever since i came home from england , you 've been avoiding me . ' 
 ` oh , here we go . 
 you 're really determined to pick a fight with me this morning , are n't you ? 
 on christmas day , of all days . ' 
 ` i do not want to pick a fight with you . 
 i 'm just stating facts . 
 apart from that hideous tennis match , you have n't invited me to rosewood once . 
 mama and frances do n't know that of course . 
 they think i 've been seeing you every day , when i have , in fact , been visiting my other friends . ' 
 ` i 've been very busy , ' michael returned pointedly . 
 ` i imagine you 've seen frances more than you 've seen me . ' 
 michael rolled his eyes . 
 ` you know that 's not true . ' 
 ` i know about that night she stayed at rosewood , michael . 
 mama told me all about it . ' 
 ` and where in heaven 's name was she supposed to stay ? 
 i could n't take her back to wintersleigh . 
 i had an urgent house call to make . ' 
 agnes pouted . 
 ` i notice you get on well with her , apart from that business with the tennis match . 
 you seem to have become friends , of sorts . ' 
 ` i 've had enough of this conversation . 
 i 'm tired and hungry , and i 'm in no fit state to discuss something so absurd . 
 if we must talk about this at all , let 's do it later . ' 
 ` later ? 
 when ? 
 you know that we 're going for a walk with mama after breakfast . ' 
 ` well , i do n't know then . 
 it will be some time today . ' 
 ` no it wo n't , ' she said with emphasis . 
 ` i know you too well . 
 you like avoiding disagreeable issues . ' 
 michael remained silent . 
 ` why ca n't we talk about this now ? 
 we 're alone . 
 we have this room to ourselves , with no fear of intrusion . 
 this is the perfect time to talk to each other . ' 
 ` there 'll be plenty of time , ' michael said hastily over the top of the breakfast bell . 
 ` i promise you , but not now . ' 
 he began walking towards the door . 
 ` whatever is the matter with you ? ' 
 agnes demanded . 
 michael faltered at the door . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 he said a little too quickly . 
 ` ever since my return from england , you 've been behaving differently . 
 take last night , for instance . 
 when i asked you to catch that spider for me , you did nothing . 
 absolutely nothing . 
 a year ago , you would have disposed of it without thinking twice . ' 
 ` if i understand you correctly , ' michael began slowly , ` you are judging my constancy of character , purely on my willingness to catch a spider . ' 
 agnes stared . 
 ` do n't mock me , ' she retorted . 
 ` i was just giving you one example . 
 if you want more evidence , i 'll oblige you by giving it . ' 
 michael 's reluctant nod impelled her to continue . 
 ` i do n't quite know where to begin . 
 your temperament , to begin with , has changed . 
 you 're not as tolerant and understanding as you 've been in the past , and i can not account for your fluctuating moods . 
 putting this simply , i 'm worried about you , and i want to know what is wrong . ' 
 michael looked away . 
 ` nothing , ' he replied rather evasively . 
 ` nothing 's the matter . ' 
 ` last night , michael , when you thought nobody was watching you , i began studying your face , trying to read your thoughts . 
 most of the time you were just staring into space , but occasionally i saw your brows furrowed , as though your thoughts were disturbed . ' 
 ` that was probably just my reaction to george 's singing , ' michael said , trying to lighten the mood . 
 ` and then that spider appeared , and instead of coming to my aid , you just looked at me as though i was being hysterical and foolish . 
 you then left the room . ' 
 she intensified her appraisal of him . 
 ` if your love for me has cooled , michael , ' she whispered , ` then you must tell me at once . ' 
 michael shook his head resolutely . 
 ` what rot and absurdity ! 
 of course it has n't . ' 
 ` then what is it ? 
 what else has changed ? ' 
 ` nothing has changed , agnes , ' he reaffirmed . 
 he smiled reassuringly , despite the confusion and doubt now surging within him . 
 ` now i must go . 
 i shall see you at breakfast . ' 
 agnes continued to stare at the door long after michael had closed it . 
 his hasty retreat had greatly disconcerted her , as did the suspicion that he had not truthfully answered her last question . 
 chapter twenty four dashed hopes following breakfast the party made their way to church . 
 instead of taking the main road they took a quicker , more secluded route , walking beneath gigantic gum trees , around blossoming heath shrubs and along an uneven path fringed with tea tree and native mint . 
 during this scenic walk , george had steadfastly remained by frances 's side , and as he lit a fresh cigarette , he unexpectedly addressed her . 
 ` have you heard the latest about agnes and michael ? ' 
 he asked , making no attempt to lower his voice . 
 ` they 've had a falling out . ' 
 frances looked startled . 
 ` and how do you know that ? ' 
 she asked , narrowing her eyes at him . 
 ` did n't you notice the way michael was spearing his pork pie at breakfast ? ' 
 turning his head to the side , he exhaled a breath of smoke into the air . 
 ` not that he ate it , mind you . 
 he did n't eat a morsel . ' 
 ` and is that the only evidence you have ? 
 i 'm afraid i do n't consider your logic very sound . ' 
 ` all right then . 
 i 'll lay my cards on the table . 
 i know that they argued , because i was eavesdropping outside the door , ' he smilingly conceded . 
 ` you did n't ! ' 
 ` i most certainly did . 
 i know this statement would n't stand up in a court of law , but as michael 's younger and ` favourite ' brother , i felt it was my prerogative to listen in , shall we say . ' 
 frances sighed and looked about her . 
 while agnes and louisa walked side by side up the now widening track , doctor brearly was lagging well behind the rest of the group . 
 from the look of his slumped shoulders and shuffling feet , it was n't difficult to tell that his mind was unsettled about something . 
 ` well , do n't you want to know what it was about ? ' 
 george repeated in a louder voice . 
 ` no , i most certainly do not ! ' 
 frances said , adjusting her hat . 
 ` that 's their business , not mine . ' 
 ` it was awfully interesting . ' 
 ` i 'm sure that it was , but there 's no point in you provoking me . 
 i am not tempted in the least , and if you do n't mind , i would appreciate it if you changed the subject . ' 
 ` oo , you 're a tough woman , frances , ' george said , discarding his spent cigarette onto the ground and extinguishing it with his right foot . 
 ` by the way , i can call you frances , ca n't i ? ' 
 ` only out of my aunt 's earshot . ' 
 ` all right , frances , you 're so tough that i would n't want to meet you in a dark alley . ' 
 frances grinned . 
 despite being awoken abruptly that morning , she was in a relatively good mood . 
 she was on friendly terms with michael once more , her aunt , buoyed by the festive season , was almost affable and easier to manage , and best of all , she had received a thoughtful christmas present from her mother , and dare she say it , her soon-to-be step-father . 
 ` so , frances , ' george abruptly resumed , ` i suppose you 're pleased with your present ? 
 why am i asking you ? 
 of course you are . 
 you have n't stopped smiling since we set off . ' 
 frances picked off the head of a wildflower and toyed with it while she walked . 
 ` let 's just say that getting a manual on bicycle maintenance was preferable to louisa 's present . ' 
 ` why , what did she give you ? 
 i got some ridiculous looking ornament . 
 do i look like the sort of person to appreciate ornaments ? 
 no . 
 it 's just something else to polish . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? ' 
 frances laughed . 
 ` i got a book on rare birds . ' 
 ` ah , what can i say , frances ? 
 you now have everything a ` new woman of the nineties ' could possibly ever want . ' 
 the smile faltered on frances 's lips . 
 she was reminded of her situation in life , and realised with dismay that she did not have everything she wanted . 
 the two things she wanted most still eluded her : a complete reconciliation with her mother , and independence from louisa and wintersleigh . 
 both issues were equally as problematic , and while george proceeded to criticise every present he had received that morning , frances thoughtfully considered both matters . 
 the problems associated with her mother 's impending marriage were too deep and complex to be solved immediately , or by the receipt of generous christmas presents , but the subject of frances 's independence could be more easily dealt with . 
 this was , after all , not the first time she had considered edwina ballard 's offer of employment . 
 it was something that was never far away from her thoughts , but before she could accept or decline the position , she needed to know more about edwina . 
 there was no denying that the woman was affluent , apparently respectable , and generally held in high esteem , but what of her family ? 
 of them , she knew nothing , and as for crispin ballard , she was equally ignorant . 
 ` george , ' frances began , ` may i ask you a question ? ' 
 ` no , i will not marry you , frances . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm already accounted for . ' 
 ` good , ' frances instinctively replied , ` you ca n't imagine how relieved that makes me feel . ' 
 george burst out laughing . 
 ` what do you know of mrs edwina ballard and her family ? ' 
 she inquired over the top of george 's voice . 
 ` edwina ? ' 
 he echoed , looking a little more serious . 
 ` i must admit that i do n't know her very well , but i gather from other folk that she 's a good egg . 
 why do you ask ? ' 
 ` i 'm just curious , that 's all . 
 i met her for the first time last week and i liked her very much . 
 she seems very devoted to her family , particularly to her grandson crispin . ' 
 ` crispin ballard ? ' 
 cried george with a derisive snort . 
 ` humph ! ' 
 frances watched him apprehensively . 
 ` you know of her grandson ? ' 
 ` of course . 
 i may not be a medical student any more but i still have my finger on the pulse , so to speak . 
 from what i can gather , he is universally despised where ever he goes . ' 
 ` mrs ballard told me that he 's a bit of a handful . ' 
 george stooped over to tie up an undone bootlace . 
 ` no , frances . 
 he is not a handful . 
 he 's a terror on two legs , and coming from me that says something . ' 
 ` oh , i see , ' frances replied , quickly looking away . 
 ` i did n't realise . 
 someone told me that he was unwieldy at times , but after hearing this -- ' ` why are you so interested in the ballard boy ? ' 
 george asked , watching her shrewdly . 
 ` i 'm not , ' she lied , avoiding his gaze . 
 ` i heard somewhere that he was coming to hobart to live . ' 
 ` yes , i heard that too . 
 i also heard that edwina wants to get him a governess . ' 
 george pulled out another cigarette , and placing it between his parted lips , began fossicking in his pockets for a match . 
 ` given that crispin has been expelled from every school he has ever attended , ' george said in tones subdued by the cigarette in his mouth , ` only a fool would take a position like that . 
 an absolute fool . ' 
 frances was now in despair . 
 edwina ballard 's offer had seemed like the perfect solution to all her problems , but after talking with george she realised that her chance at freedom was further away than she thought . 
 chapter twenty five just desserts following the christmas church service , the walking party returned to wintersleigh for a well-earned luncheon . 
 while some members of the party were content and spiritually enlightened , others were still preoccupied with their own miseries and problems . 
 as they sat at the table they could not but help notice the effort louisa had gone to in decorating the table for the christmas lunch . 
 on top of the snow white tablecloth of the finest damask sat stunning arrays of flowers , ferns and mosses , along with a beautiful collection of china , polished plates and gleaming glasses . 
 to those who sat at the table , gazing at this finery , it was hard not to be impressed . 
 michael brearly , however , was oblivious to such an exhibition . 
 like agnes and frances , he was in no frame of mind to appreciate the finer details of the christmas arrangements , nor did he feel like celebrating . 
 during the walk to the church service , he twice attempted to talk to agnes , but she refused to speak to him on both occasions . 
 she felt that the time for talking had been before breakfast , and not on the way to church , where anyone could overhear them . 
 as michael sat at the table , with only his inner turmoil to keep him company , it seemed that his only consolation was the glass of elderberry wine in front of him . 
 despite a quiet warning from louisa , he repeatedly refilled his glass from a nearby crystal decanter and consumed it in large gulps , much to everyone 's unanimous disapproval . 
 michael , in fact , continued to seek solace from his drink , until a censorious glare from frances , a minute later , prompted him to discard his wine and call for some water . 
 jack maycroft , in the interim , was talking incessantly of insects , and george was continuously , and blatantly , doing his best to break nearly every rule of etiquette at a dinner table . 
 having wiped his nose on his table napkin , he then proceeded to pick his teeth with his fork . 
 he did this all with a calm unconcern , in spite of the fact that both louisa and agnes were regarding him with looks of disapproval . 
 through bountiful servings of vegetables , turkey and various cold meats including duck and ham , desultory conversation dawdled on . 
 until this point , luncheon had been progressing quite smoothly . 
 that was until the dessert was brought in and distributed to each person at the table . 
 as was customary in the wentworth family , plum pudding , a british institution in itself , was served first , accompanied by serving bowls of custard , plain cream and brandied cream , positioned in the centre of the dining table . 
 despite the choice of sweet dishes on offer , michael chose the custard to put on his pudding , and asked jack to pass him the bowl . 
 jack was unusually happy to oblige his uncle , but instead of doing what was asked of him , he leaned over the table , scooped out a spoonful of custard , and using the spoon like a slingshot , maliciously fired a shot of custard towards michael 's face . 
 unfortunately for michael , the gluggy projectile dessert found its target , splattering noiselessly against michael 's nose , with peripheral globules lodging themselves in michael 's eyelashes . 
 the gathering at the table drew in a universal gasp , except for jack , for whom there was no element of surprise . 
 he clearly revelled in this victory over his uncle , and made no effort to curb his joy . 
 george too , was tittering behind his hand . 
 without making any attempt to clean himself up , michael addressed his nephew . 
 ` why you horrid little child , ' he declared , through trembling lips . 
 ` michael , ' agnes remonstrated , ` do n't speak to him like that ! ' 
 ` and why ever not ? 
 did you see what that child just did to me ? ' 
 ` how could we fail to notice it , michael , ' george said , drowning in mirth . 
 ` it was one of the funniest things i 've ever seen . ' 
 ` i was n't talking to you , ' michael rejoined , ` so stay out of it . ' 
 he quickly transferred his attention to his brother-in-law . 
 ` and as for you , ' he added , ` you should be ashamed of yourself . 
 you call yourself a parent , and yet you let jack run positively wild . 
 you do n't know the first thing about discipline . ' 
 thomas maycroft , as usual , looked unperturbed . 
 ` given your vast wealth of parental knowledge , ' he replied mockingly , ` what would you have me do ? ' 
 michael clenched his jaw in anger . 
 ` make jack apologise to me . 
 it 's the least he can do . ' 
 ` it was only custard , michael , ' thomas said , taking a casual sip from his glass of wine , ` but if it worries you that much . ' 
 he turned towards his son . 
 ` say sorry to your uncle , jack . ' 
 ` no ! ' 
 jack shouted . 
 ` i wo n't say sorry ! 
 uncle mike deserved it . ' 
 thomas shrugged his shoulders and ate his dessert as though nothing had happened . 
 ` you 're not going to make him apologise to me ? ' 
 michael asked , staring at thomas with incredulity and anger . 
 ` are you just going to let him get away with it ? ' 
 ` michael ! ' 
 george cried . 
 ` stop being so petty . 
 just clean yourself up and forget about it . 
 besides , how can anyone take you seriously when you have custard dripping off your nose ? ' 
 ` mind your own business , george , ' michael commanded . 
 frances , in the intervening time , was growing increasingly alarmed by the doctor 's rising anger , and she stared down awkwardly at her dinner plate . 
 ` thomas , ' michael resumed coldly . 
 ` this is n't the first time this sort of thing has happened . 
 did you see what your son was doing this morning ? ' 
 ` michael , ' agnes implored , ` please do n't do this on christmas day . 
 you 're ruining it for everybody . ' 
 ` i 'm ruining it ? ' 
 michael reiterated . 
 ` how can you say that in all seriousness ? 
 i was n't the one being disruptive this morning , and i certainly was n't the one who flung custard at a relative . ' 
 ` yes , but michael , ' george interrupted , ` you have to admit it was an awfully good shot . 
 the precision was perfect . ' 
 he turned towards his nephew . 
 ` have you ever thought about playing cricket ? ' 
 at last the doctor could take no more . 
 ` just leave it alone , george ! ' 
 he shouted . 
 he rose abruptly from his chair , and continued speaking to his brother-in-law . 
 ` i ca n't believe how self-absorbed you are . 
 ever since you arrived here , you 've done nothing but please yourself . 
 at rosewood , you let jack roam around the estate doing whatever he pleases , when he pleases . 
 here at wintersleigh is no exception . 
 that child needs discipline , thomas , and if you ca n't or wo n't give it to him , then i will . ' 
 he then caught sight of agnes , who was wiping her tear-streaked eyes with a handkerchief . 
 ` i think i 've had too much to drink , ' he said , to no-one in particular . 
 ` for that i apologise . 
 for everything else , i wo n't . 
 in the mean time , i think it best if i go . ' 
 ` but what about your pudding ? ' 
 louisa cried . 
 ` i think that 's the least of our concerns , ' george whispered to frances . 
 ` i 'm sorry , louisa , ' michael resumed more calmly , ` but nothing could induce me to sit at the same table with that child . ' 
 he gave jack maycroft one last baleful look . 
 ` please excuse me . ' 
 he then quit the room . 
 in the general silence that ensued his departure , louisa spoke . 
 ` well , i have never seen that before . 
 i think michael might have been intoxicated . ' 
 ` drunk ? ' 
 george repeated . 
 ` no , i do n't think so . 
 michael never drinks to excess . 
 by the looks of him today , i 'd say he was just over excited . 
 perhaps he did n't like his christmas presents . ' 
 ` whether he was drunk or not , is completely irrelevant , ' agnes asserted . 
 ` it does n't alter the fact that he has just thoroughly ruined my christmas . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i have no appetite left for plum pudding . ' 
 she then apologised to her mother , rose unsteadily to her feet , and hurried out of the room , without even bothering to close the door . 
 after another unsettling period of silence , many of the guests lost their appetite and all interest for conversation , except for george brearly , who mischievously asked whether anyone wanted some custard . 
 on that note , the christmas lunch concluded . 
 the remainder of christmas day went by without serious incident or disturbance , except perhaps for jack , who over indulged on chocolates , mince pies and shortbread and spent the remainder of the afternoon curled up in bed with a stomach ache . 
 frances and george chatted with each other until dinner , thomas kept reading his book , and louisa , still reeling from the disastrous christmas luncheon , spent her time quietly in the drawing room , dwelling upon the rift in her daughter 's relationship with the doctor . 
 as for agnes and michael themselves , they avoided each other for the rest of the day , preferring to spend their afternoon as far away from each other as possible . 
 by dinner , however , they were reconciled , and soon the unpleasantness of the day seemed to them , and to everyone else , a mile away . 
 it may have been put behind them , but to those involved , it was not likely to be forgotten in a hurry , or in some cases forgiven ... chapter twenty six ` all aboard ! ' 
 the wintersleigh party rose early the next day to prepare for the long and hopefully enjoyable day ahead of them . 
 with a combination of fine weather , improved spirits and good health , circumstances , in general , were all in their favour . 
 the mood , though , was somewhat dampened at breakfast by the discovery that doctor brearly was not among the gathering at wintersleigh . 
 he had been called away on urgent medical business during the early hours of the morning , and was yet to return . 
 this development threw everyone into a state of confusion , and for some time there was debate as to whether the outing to the port arthur penal settlement should be cancelled . 
 george pointed out that it was unfair to cancel their arrangements just because one person was absent , and agnes , still out of spirits , argued that the day trip without her fiancé would offer her little pleasure . 
 louisa was loathe to agree with anything george brearly said , but she had set her heart on the excursion for weeks and wanted nothing , not even the doctor 's absence , to interfere with her plans . 
 the pleasure trip was therefore to go ahead , and no time was wasted preparing for it . 
 at eight-thirty , frances was leaning against the railings of the s.s. oonah , the boat her party would be travelling on to port arthur . 
 the steamer was n't due to leave until a quarter-to-nine , but the deck was filling fast . 
 george brearly was by her side , an arrangement that was becoming more than just habit , and while he chattered to her about everything and nothing , frances scanned the faces of the crowd down on the argyle street pier , searching in vain for michael brearly . 
 she grew more restless and despondent with every passing minute . 
 these feelings came almost as a surprise to frances . 
 since knowing both the brearly brothers she had convinced herself that she preferred george . 
 he was better looking after all , younger and more affable than michael , but something in her subconscious was attracted to the older brother . 
 they had more in common for a start , but she was curiously drawn to his darker side and his passionate nature , and she was also sympathetic -lrb- given her own current turmoil -rrb- to his increasingly evident inner conflicts , without knowing exactly what had caused them . 
 george 's constant flirting and puppy-like exuberance pleased frances in small amounts , but his unremitting volubility , at times , suggested a general immaturity , rather than a genuine sanguineness . 
 to frances , george 's behaviour lacked michael 's depth of feeling . 
 louisa , who was standing a short distance away from her , was growing increasingly apprehensive , and soon interrupted frances 's thoughts with her loud , doleful voice . 
 ` dear , oh dear , ' she lamented , ` where are they ? 
 i feel certain i told charlotte and cyril to meet us at a quarter-past-eight . 
 and where is michael ? ' 
 in her hands she held a white lace handkerchief , and with every minute without a sighting of the missing members , she wrung it harder and harder . 
 to the party 's collective dismay , the shrill sounding of the oonah 's whistle at a quarter-to-nine announced to the passengers that the boat was at last ready to depart . 
 the gangway was soon taken up , and once the ropes were loosened the vessel began to pull away from the wharf . 
 louisa did n't waste any time in assembling the wintersleigh party and informing them that charlotte , cyril and michael had failed to arrive . 
 in her usual manner , she expressed her bitter disappointment and her many misgivings in an effusive monologue , which did nothing to raise the spirits of her companions . 
 as frances listened to her aunt drone on and on , she felt an encroaching sense of emptiness , a void she realised that would not be filled by george brearly 's company alone . 
 above her in the sky , a mass of squawking seagulls was taking flight . 
 at that moment , the distinctive cry of ` mama ! ' 
 caught frances 's attention and she looked up . 
 to her astonishment , charlotte and her husband cyril beckett were standing before her , as well as a tired , but relieved looking doctor brearly . 
 frances 's heart leapt at the sight of him , but apart from a slight reddening of her cheeks , she was able to remain admirably calm . 
 ` oh , my dears ! ' 
 louisa cried , surging towards them with her fluttering handkerchief . 
 as she moved , her new bonnet , decorated with black chiffon wings and flowers quaked . 
 ` you have no idea how worried i have been ! ' 
 she took up one of michael 's hands and squeezed it affectionately . 
 she made no effort , however , to touch her daughter or son-in-law , or show them any sign of affection . 
 in fact , she ignored cyril beckett completely . 
 ` my dear michael , i thought you had missed the boat ! 
 where did you get to ? 
 no , no , i do not want to know . 
 you are here with us now , and that is all that matters . ' 
 she raised her handkerchief to her nose , and began dabbing it affectedly . 
 agnes , by this stage , had manoeuvred her way to the front of the group , and was standing by michael 's side . 
 ` oh , these wretched crowds , ' she was saying crossly , ` i 've lost count of the number of times i have been jostled this morning ! ' 
 she brushed down her dress with a daintily gloved hand . 
 ` i shall be most surprised if my gown is n't torn to shreds by the time we get home . ' 
 ` yes , you are right there , my dear , ' louisa complained , ` it is most vexing the way these people behave . 
 anyone would think that they had never been on a boat before . ' 
 ` that 's why we were late , mama , ' charlotte began timidly . 
 ` it has taken us all this time just to make our way up onto the deck . ' 
 being a little overweight , she was still panting from the exertion of climbing the stairs . 
 ` i 've , i 've never seen so many people before . 
 it was positively a crush . ' 
 ` well , what do you expect ? ' 
 george ventured , as he pushed his way forward through the crowd to shake the reverend cyril beckett 's hand . 
 ` good to see you again , cyril , ' he said without enthusiasm . 
 ` oh , i love your hat by the way . 
 very formal . 
 very you . ' 
 he paused momentarily . 
 ` but i digress . 
 we were discussing the crowds of people . 
 i 'm not surprised in the least by how busy it is . 
 it 's boxing day . 
 the weather is good , for a change , and besides , what else is there to do in hobart ? 
 nothing ! ' 
 ` nothing ? ' 
 louisa retorted . 
 ` what are you talking about , george brearly ? 
 there is always an abundance of things to do and see in hobart . ' 
 ` for your generation perhaps , louey , ' george said . 
 he gave frances a mischievous smile . 
 ` but not for young people , such as myself . 
 it 's like living out in the backwoods . ' 
 having extracted a cigarette from his cigarette case , he rummaged around in his pocket for a box of matches . 
 ` george ! ' 
 louisa exclaimed peevishly . 
 ` must you always be so difficult ? ' 
 she then turned on her heel and stormed off to seek michael , who had , during the course of the exchange , strangely disappeared , along with agnes . 
 ` by jove , ' george muttered , ` she 'll get brain fever the way she 's going . 
 either that , or she 'll self-combust . ' 
 griping under his breath , he lit his cigarette , before wandering off into the crowd . 
 in george 's absence , charlotte beckett approached frances and introduced her husband cyril to her . 
 frances was genuinely pleased to meet him , not because she particularly wished to make his acquaintance , but because she liked charlotte , and any one dear to her must be worthy of her own civility . 
 once the introductions were completed , frances was at leisure to stand and talk with him , but to her amazement he did not volunteer a single word in the conversation that she had initiated . 
 instead of talking , he stood by his wife , and nodding his head , agreed with everything frances said . 
 after an observation of some fifteen minutes , frances soon came to the conclusion that her new acquaintance was as mysterious as his wife was laconic . 
 he was a curious looking man in the region of forty years of age , with dull eyes , a sweaty forehead , bushy eyebrows , moustache and beard , and in general , had an excess of facial hair that seemed to permeate every patch of skin on his face . 
 as a result , it was very difficult to see whether he had any facial features , such as ears , a nose or even a mouth . 
 all frances knew was that his beard tendrils wound around his face with all the tenacity and profusion of ivy . 
 frances felt a tug at her elbow , and looking around her , discovered an impatient looking george brearly by her side . 
 he had just returned from his explorations and was making a concerted effort to detach frances from her present company . 
 frances was not all together reluctant to leave , and she soon bade the becketts a polite farewell . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 she inquired , once she was alone with george . 
 ` what ever is the matter ? ' 
 ` nothing much , ' he murmured , flicking his spent cigarette overboard . 
 ` george , ' she said , half laughingly , ` i do n't know whether this escaped your attention , but i was actually talking to those people . ' 
 ` were you ? ' 
 replied a smiling george . 
 ` it did n't look like that to me . 
 it looked as though you were engrossed by cyril beckett 's facial hair . ' 
 ` oh dear , was i that obvious ? ' 
 george nodded . 
 ` poor mr beckett . 
 he must think that i am terribly rude . ' 
 ` no need to get in a twitter about it . 
 i 'm sure he 's quite used to it . 
 so what do you think of him ? ' 
 frances reflected . 
 ` well , ' she began , uncertain of what to say , ` a number of adjectives readily comes to mind . ' 
 ` and would ` hairy ' be one of those adjectives ? ' 
 frances smiled but said nothing . 
 ` cyril beckett , ' george kept on in a confiding voice , ` i 'm sorry to say , is one of the hairiest men i know . 
 i sometimes wonder why an intelligent girl like charlotte married a man who has hair sprouting out of his ears . ' 
 ` george brearly , you are too cruel ! ' 
 ` yes , i am , are n't i ? 
 oh well , when it comes to people like cyril beckett , i just ca n't help myself . 
 he 's such an interesting looking man . 
 pity he has very little personality . 
 it 's almost as though his moustache has sucked out all the life in him . 
 he 's the dullest man i know , and that 's saying something , coming from a man who has had to live with a brother like michael . ' 
 frances smiled , in spite of george 's irreverent comment , but held her tongue . 
 ` please do n't get me wrong . 
 it 's not that i find cyril beckett particularly repellent in manner , but it 's all that hair . 
 it un-nerves me excessively . ' 
 george brearly would perhaps have continued talking on the matter indefinitely , if agnes wentworth had not approached the pair , and put an abrupt end to their conversation . 
 chapter twenty seven a word of advice ` well , well , ' george began impulsively , ` if it is n't agnes wentworth , hobart 's champion tennis player ! ' 
 he stood before her , his hands in the pockets of his belted norfolk jacket , and his broad chest thrust forward . 
 ` and to what do we owe this rare honour ? ' 
 agnes stiffened perceptibly at his allusion to the rosewood tennis match , but was able to check the first leap of anger . 
 ` actually , george , ' she began in a carefully genteel voice , ` my business is with my cousin , not with you . ' 
 seeing the look of suspicion on frances 's face , she sought to explain herself . 
 ` now do n't look like that , frances , ' she drawled . 
 ` is it so unusual for two cousins to talk to one another ? ' 
 she offered her cousin a rare smile . 
 ` no , ' frances answered . 
 ` i 'm only wondering why you 're making the effort now . 
 up until this point , you 've avoided me at all costs . ' 
 agnes kept smiling , despite the fact that her blood was tingling with anger . 
 ` george , ' she said between clenched teeth , ` could you please leave my cousin and me alone for a moment . ' 
 ` and miss out on what promises to be an entertaining scene ? 
 i think not ! ' 
 ` george ! ' 
 agnes pleaded . 
 ` please , just go ! ' 
 ` do n't mind me , agnes wentworth , ' he said demurely . 
 ` please , continue . ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` oh , and by the way , you have a strand of hair out of place . 
 it might excite comment aboard the ship . 
 best fix it now . ' 
 agnes flamed with anger and resentment . 
 ` frances , ' she said , looking at her cousin imploringly , ` you seem to have all the influence with mr brearly these days . 
 would you kindly tell him to leave ? ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , agnes , but george is a grown man . 
 he makes his own decisions . 
 i therefore can not tell him what to do . ' 
 ` that is quite so , miss frances , ' george replied , ` but i 'll make you an exception to the rule . 
 i 'm completely and utterly at your disposal . 
 tell me to leave , and i will . ' 
 frances reflected . 
 ` well if i 'd known that before , ' she said smilingly , ` i could have gotten rid of you much earlier . ' 
 ` i take it you want me to go then , ' he said , watching frances in admiration . 
 ` i think it would be best , all round , ' frances admitted . 
 george sighed playfully , and grinning from ear to ear , wandered off amongst the colourful throng , only to disappear seconds later . 
 in his absence , the two young women were briefly silent . 
 ` so , frances , ' agnes eventually began , ` i trust you are enjoying yourself ? ' 
 frances regarded her cousin with more looks of suspicion . 
 ` very much . 
 and you ? ' 
 agnes faltered . 
 ` i 'm enjoying it more now that michael has come . ' 
 frances nodded her head but said nothing . 
 ` actually , frances , ' she said cautiously , ` the reason i 'm here is that i , i want to talk to you about george . ' 
 ` george ? ' 
 frances returned , regarding agnes with bewilderment . 
 ` yes , george . ' 
 agnes 's face had grown tense and she appeared to be groping for words . 
 ` i , i do n't know how to say this , and really it 's not my place to say anything at all , but please understand that my reasons for telling you are only motivated by the genuine desire to be helpful . ' 
 she broke off briefly , as a man behind her accidentally bumped into her . 
 he apologised for his carelessness , but agnes , roiled by the untimely interruption to her explanation , made no acknowledgment of the man 's words of contrition , and positioned herself closer to the boat 's railing . 
 ` it has not escaped my attention that you and george have been spending time together . 
 in short , i am aware that you have formed an attachment with him . ' 
 frances 's face clouded . 
 ` you 're right , ' she retorted coolly , ` it 's not your place to say anything . 
 what 's more , we hardly have an attachment . 
 we take delight in ridiculing each other . 
 that 's as far as it goes . ' 
 agnes pursed her lips . 
 ` i fear for you , frances . 
 i honestly do . 
 george brearly is notoriously predatory when it comes to women . 
 i daresay when he has grown tired of you , he 'll move onto someone else . 
 someone less suspecting . ' 
 frances bore this assertion as well as she could , and forcing a smile , she looked out across the undulating river towards mount wellington . 
 it seemed to lie in the background of the town like some giant slumbering beast . 
 she then glanced in the direction of the exhibition-buildings , which had been purposely built for the hobart international exhibition . 
 the main structure was an imposing structure of the italian renaissance style of architecture , and the remaining buildings were shaped into a rough triangular complex . 
 to frances 's mind , this vast , sprawling structure , which dominated the western bank of the derwent river , looked completely out of place with the rest of hobart . 
 as the steamer picked up speed and rounded the iron-pot lighthouse , the exhibition-buildings seem to dwarf into the distance . 
 ` is that what he did to you ? ' 
 frances asked distractedly . 
 before agnes could answer this question , george himself was suddenly disgorged from the crowd , and emerged looking as bright and carefree as usual . 
 ` so , ' he began , taking his place beside frances , ` what have you ladies been gossiping about ? 
 not about me , i hope . ' 
 agnes and frances exchanged looks . 
 ` do n't flatter yourself , ' agnes mumbled . 
 ` really , george , ' frances said condescendingly , ` why is it that men talk and women only gossip ? 
 are n't we capable of conducting an erudite conversation ? ' 
 ` i 'm saying nothing that will incriminate me . ' 
 ` do you think that the subject of men is the only thing women discuss ? ' 
 ` i do indeed . 
 we only talk about women . ' 
 ` oh come now , george , ' frances playfully retaliated , ` i am not fooled in the least . 
 i daresay you talk about yourselves , your work and your horses . 
 i 'm sure the topic of women never once enters your mind . ' 
 george smiled . 
 ` you 'd be surprised . 
 very surprised indeed . 
 now , enough of this sparkling repartee . 
 what were you really talking about ? 
 i was watching you from across the way . 
 you were both looking awfully engrossed . ' 
 ` mind your own business , ' agnes warned with angry , flashing eyes . 
 ` it is my business if you were talking about me . ' 
 ` and what makes you think we were talking about you ? ' 
 agnes snapped . 
 ` believe me , george , we have far better things to do with our time . ' 
 ` i know you were , ' george persisted , ` so do n't deny it . 
 i must hasten to inform you that i am an awfully good reader of lips . 
 it 's an important skill to have as a newspaper man . 
 i get some of my best stories from lip reading . ' 
 he paused to brush a loose strand of hair off his face . 
 ` for instance , at one point , you said something about frances and i being mismatched . ' 
 ` stop it , george , ' agnes threatened , ` i mean it , stop it now . ' 
 her chest was beginning to heave . 
 ` and then you said that i was pre-eminent among men . 
 or something like that . ' 
 at last , agnes could take no more . 
 ` george brearly ! ' 
 she cried , ` will you ever learn to keep your mouth shut ! 
 you are the most immature , obnoxious person i have ever met ! ' 
 she then speared him savagely in the foot with her parasol . 
 george let out a loud yelp of pain , a cry so loud , that the groups of ladies closest to him ceased talking , and fastened their eyes on him disapprovingly . 
 they soon began whispering excitedly amongst themselves . 
 george , nonetheless , was oblivious to the attention he had just commanded , and was kneeling down on the deck to inspect the damage agnes had inflicted upon him . 
 ` look what you 've done , woman ! ' 
 he blustered . 
 ` you could have crippled me for life ! ' 
 he ruefully began rubbing his newly acquired bruise . 
 ` you deserved it , ' agnes retorted , her voice heavy with emotion . 
 ` i 'm tired of the way you treat me , george brearly , do you hear me ? 
 i 've had enough ! ' 
 she raised her trembling hand to her head , and pushing her way blindly through the spectators , soon disappeared from sight . 
 a startled frances , standing isolated in the middle of the surrounding bystanders , attempted to escape the embarrassing scene . 
 she had only taken two steps , however , when the distinctive voice of george brearly stopped her in her tracks . 
 ` frances , ' he cried , jumping quickly to his feet , ` what was it ? 
 what did i say ? ' 
 frances smiled in spite of her awkwardness . 
 ` let 's just say , george , that you 've got a very promising career as a newspaper reporter . ' 
 without saying another word , she turned on her heel and filtered into the murmuring assembly . 
 chapter twenty eight a question of upbringing under the welcoming shade of a majestic old english oak , a ravenous george brearly hurled himself onto the freshly spread picnic rug , almost hitting agnes with his legs in the process . 
 he then proceeded to crawl across the rug , until he was able to settle himself between frances , charlotte , and , more conveniently , near the picnic basket . 
 ` a rose between two thorns , ' he audaciously proclaimed , and while the young women laughed at his joke , he leant over the picnic basket and attempted to unfasten it . 
 ` george , ' michael ventured loudly , ` what do you think you are doing ? ' 
 ` well , what does it look like i 'm doing , michael ? 
 i 'm about to raid the basket for some decent food . ' 
 ` oh , no you do n't , george , ' louisa interposed ill-naturedly . 
 ` what ? ' 
 george cried . 
 ` and why not ? 
 the food they served on board had all the flavour of sawdust . 
 suffice to say , i 'm still hungry . ' 
 ` you 're always hungry , ' michael muttered . 
 ` i have good reason to be . 
 that boat trip was tedious . 
 it was three hours of unmitigated boredom , and the longest three hours of my life . 
 yes indeed , it was boredom in capital letters . ' 
 ` yes , thank you , george , ' michael cut in quickly , ` i think we comprehend your meaning . ' 
 ` and did you hear the city band playing ? ' 
 george went on regardless . 
 ` their music was enough to make my stomach turn . ' 
 ` i think you 'll find that that was mal de mer , ' frances smilingly suggested . 
 ` mal-der what-ee ? ' 
 george echoed . 
 ` who 's he when he 's at home ? ' 
 ` speaking of that boat trip , ' louisa said , lowering her voice to a confiding tone , ` i heard that there was a nasty altercation on board , between a young lady and a gentleman . ' 
 michael stared . 
 ` we 'll i 'll be bound ! ' 
 louisa sighed . 
 ` apparently , the young lady , if you can indeed call her that , inflicted the man with some sort of injury . ' 
 she paused briefly , and while some members of the party drew in a sharp breath of censure , she brushed off some grass blades from her skirt . 
 ` i confess i did not hear all the particulars , and frankly , i did not want to hear the end of the story . ' 
 ` i do n't blame you , ' michael murmured . 
 ` fancy behaving like that in public . ' 
 ` as i understand it , ' thomas maycroft broke in tumidly , ` the young woman struck the man with her parasol . ' 
 the wintersleigh party turned instinctively towards thomas , waiting to hear what else he had to say . 
 thomas , however , could elaborate no further on the topic , and all attention was promptly returned to louisa . 
 ` oh no ! ' 
 louisa breathed . 
 ` have some people no shame ? 
 cyril , ' she said , turning abruptly to her mute son-in-law , ` you are a man of the cloth . 
 what do you think of a young couple behaving like that in public ? ' 
 before cyril could answer , louisa cut in . 
 ` makes you question their upbringing , does it not ? ' 
 george , agnes and frances , meanwhile , were silent onlookers to this exchange , and while they contributed nothing themselves to the conversation , their downcast eyes , and in george 's case , a broad smile , alerted the intuitive louisa to the fact that they were concealing something . 
 ` i do n't suppose you saw anything , george ? ' 
 louisa probed . 
 ` you were up on deck at the time . ' 
 she scrutinised him suspiciously through narrowing eyes . 
 george pretended to consider her question . 
 ` no , i ca n't say that i did see anything , although i must add that i 'm disappointed to have missed such a spectacle . 
 it sounded , in the least , awfully entertaining . ' 
 frances smirked and attempted to hide her face under the shade of her parasol . 
 she was not fast enough for her aunt , however , and in the next moment louisa began to question her . 
 ` i see that you are also smiling , frances , ' louisa observed . 
 ` do you think this is amusing ? ' 
 frances refrained from answering . 
 ` i suppose you think it is acceptable for people to behave like that ? ' 
 frances remained silent . 
 ` i can not account for your upbringing , frances , but in the wentworth family such behaviour is most definitely unacceptable . ' 
 she sniffed resolutely . 
 ` oh , i should die of shame if my daughters ever behaved like that . ' 
 without warning , frances and george exploded into irreverent laughter , and despite everyone 's questioning glances and louisa 's stern rebuke , they continued to laugh uncontrollably . 
 even half-an-hour later , when the picnic had ended , and the party set off to explore the convict ruins , george and frances had difficulty in suppressing their amusement . 
 they could hardly exchange a look or word , before one or both of them succumbed to a seething fit of giggles . 
 the first stop was the old convict church , which was located quite a distance away from the main ruins . 
 bushfires in 1884 and in 1890 had taken their toll on the building , but fortunately large sections of the facade still remained intact . 
 despite the irreparable damage to the church , it was still an imposing looking structure , with its uniquely shaped windows and its distinctive dramatic spires . 
 as the party of nine meandered its way around the convict building , thomas maycroft 's voice was heard in the distance . 
 ` what an impressive place this is , ' he commented to anyone who would listen . 
 ` such remarkable architecture . 
 look at those individual pick marks in the stone . ' 
 he leant forward to stroke the indentations . 
 ` the markings were essentially decorative , and many convicts had their own unique design . 
 i suppose they were like signatures . ' 
 ` i 'll give him pick marks , ' george muttered under his breath . 
 ` or better still , ' he added , directing his comments to his brother , ` i 'll impale him with his own walking stick . ' 
 ` do n't be so impatient , george , ' michael chided . 
 ` i 'm sure thomas has pretty nearly finished . ' 
 in the background , however , thomas maycroft 's orotund voice was echoing around the structure . 
 ` convict transportation to van diemen 's land , or tasmania , as it is now known , began in 1804 when the vessel calcutta brought out ... ' ` damn and botheration , ' george sighed , ` he 's going back to the beginning of settlement . ' 
 he yawned and began scraping his fingernails on a ponderous slab of stone . 
 ` come on , tommy , old son , ' he shouted out . 
 ` get to the point ! 
 we have n't got all day you know ! ' 
 thomas cleared his throat and adjusted his spectacles . 
 ` whilst male and female convicts were sent out to van diemen 's land , only male convicts were sent to port arthur . 
 this facility was established in 1830 and was named after lieutenant george arthur , a keen disciplinarian . 
 it was a prison for the very worst criminals . 
 convict boys lived nearby at a place called point puer , and as i understand it , it was the first juvenile prison established in the british empire . ' 
 ` by jove , jack , ' george said , looking down at his diminutive nephew , ` you had better behave yourself or your papa will send you ... ' thomas raised his voice to drown out the sound of his brother-in-law 's attempt at humour . 
 ` in the 1840 's incorrigible criminals could be sent either to port arthur or norfolk island . 
 in marcus clarke 's novel , for the term of his natural life ... ' ` then transportation ceased in 1853 , ' an exasperated george interrupted , ` and all remaining prisoners were transferred to the hobart gaol . 
 the settlement eventually closed down in 1877 and the township of port arthur was thereafter known as carnarvon . 
 history in a nut-shell . 
 there 's a lot to be said for it . 
 here endeth the lecture . ' 
 seeing the looks of astonishment around him , he sought to explain himself . 
 ` do n't look at me like that . 
 i 'm not as idiotic as i look . ' 
 ` it 's just as well , ' frances quipped . 
 george smiled . 
 ` why thank you . 
 well said . 
 contrary to popular belief , i am not a complete philistine . 
 i do have some grey matter between my ears . 
 now , let 's get on with the tour . 
 thanks to old tommy , i feel as though i have spent the term of my natural life in here . 
 i 'm fast losing the will to live . ' 
 as a result of george 's words , the tour of the church did not last much longer , and once the party had withdrawn from the church , they set off in search of the infamous penitentiary , and accompanying watchman 's quarters that overlooked mason 's cove . 
 chapter twenty nine influence en route to the penitentiary , louisa pulled michael aside . 
 she had something of great importance to discuss with him , and while they spoke she constantly looked about her , making sure that no-one was listening . 
 ` i think it is time you had words with george , ' louisa was saying . 
 ` his friendship with frances is most ruinous to her . ' 
 ` and what am i supposed to say to him , louisa ? ' 
 michael replied heatedly . 
 ` i warned him to stay away from miss norwood on the first day he arrived here , but he has n't taken any notice of me . 
 he never has . 
 he 's not likely to start now . ' 
 ` he is an appalling influence , michael , ' louisa went on in a hushed voice . 
 ` have you seen how altered frances is when she is around him ? 
 her behaviour at the tennis match for instance , or during christmas eve . 
 even at the picnic luncheon today ! 
 she is usually so well behaved , and now look at her ! 
 how many times must i say this ? 
 your brother , most assuredly , is corrupting my niece right under our very noses . ' 
 ` miss norwood is an intelligent young woman , louisa . 
 i feel sure she knows what she 's doing . ' 
 ` i wish i could agree with you , but i am afraid i can not . 
 from all accounts , frances has had very little experience with members of the opposite sex , particularly with undeserving men like your brother . 
 how is a young maiden , like frances , supposed to protect herself from the likes of him ? ' 
 michael wiped the beads of sweat from his forehead with his handkerchief , and after removing the boater from his head , began to fan his face with it . 
 behind him , the sun , set amid a cloudless sky , was beating down upon his back . 
 ` i do n't think it 's all that bad , louisa . 
 from what i 've witnessed , george genuinely likes miss norwood . ' 
 ` oh , i have no doubt of that . 
 agnes informs me that george freely addresses frances by her christian name , and vice versa . 
 even after my objections ! 
 what do they say about familiarity breeding contempt ? 
 oh , how will it end , if at all ? ' 
 ` yes , well that brings us back to the original dilemma . 
 what are we going to do ? ' 
 ` i appreciate what you say about george and his unwillingness to listen to you . 
 the problem i have is that frances does not listen to me either . ' 
 a gust of wind , sweeping in from mason 's cove , nearly blew louisa 's parasol out of her hands . 
 ` i saw you talking with frances on the boat earlier today , ' she said , as she grappled with her parasol , ` and forgive me for saying this , my dear , but you two seem very comfortable together . 
 it is very obvious to me that she likes you , and that she sees you as her friend . 
 could you not speak with her ? ' 
 she soon managed to regain control of her parasol , and repositioned it over her head . 
 ` she respects you . 
 i know she will listen to you . ' 
 ` i care for miss norwood a great deal myself , louisa , ' michael explained impatiently , ` but when it comes down to it , i hardly know her ! ' 
 ` and what is more important ? 
 the risk of offending a friend , or of frances losing her innocence , and having her reputation irrevocably destroyed ? ' 
 michael 's face darkened , and for a moment , he was silent . 
 in the distance he could see frances walking side by side with her cousin charlotte . 
 they had just reached the rectangular , four-storey high edifice of the penitentiary , and frances was peering inside one of many tiny cell windows to the gloomy interior of a prison cell . 
 as she looked through the shattered window pane to the rusty iron bars , rotting floor boards and crumbling stone walls , he noticed that her parasol , bordered by lace , was tilted at a becoming angle and that her summery gown , light and feminine , was fluttering at her legs . 
 the distant sight of her , in the foreground of the sinister structure , stirred some emotion deep within him , and he was obliged to speak . 
 ` i 'll do everything i can for her , ' he solemnly declared , and without waiting for louisa 's answer , he quickened his pace towards frances . 
 he had only taken a few steps , however , when agnes unexpectedly intercepted him . 
 she had been watching him closely from afar , and only approached him when her mother had left his side . 
 in view of the important task michael needed to perform , agnes 's presence at that moment was unwelcome . 
 he greeted her , nevertheless , with a loving squeeze of her hand . 
 whilst agnes smiled and reciprocated this gesture , michael could tell almost at once that she was distracted and out of spirits . 
 no sooner had the smile faded from her lips , than she launched into unbridled criticism of frances . 
 ` she was the only person who had objections to coming to port arthur , ' she complained , ` but i 'll tell you this , it did n't take her long to make herself at home . 
 you should see the way she ingratiates herself with people . 
 look at the way she 's monopolising charlotte , for instance . ' 
 she indicated frances and charlotte with a vague sweep of her hand . 
 ` it 's not a crime to be friendly , agnes , ' michael observed . 
 agnes was momentarily silent . 
 ` did you hear her earlier conversation with mama ? 
 mama was arguing , and quite rightly too , that this site , compared with other historical sites around the world , was n't that old , and therefore was n't that historically significant . 
 frances then turned around and tried to argue , that in terms of this colony 's history , it was most significant . 
 someone should remind her that she is merely a governess , not a university lecturer . ' 
 michael listened to agnes 's criticisms in silence . 
 it pained him to hear of agnes speaking ill of anyone , let alone frances . 
 he expeditiously changed the subject by declaring to her how pretty the environs of port arthur were . 
 his comment had the desired effect , for agnes readily entered into the new conversation . 
 ` yes , it is , is n't it ? 
 the willows and the elm trees remind me so much of the english countryside . 
 quite beautiful . ' 
 her words were accompanied by a wistful sigh . 
 ` you 're very fond of england , are n't you ? ' 
 he said , watching her earnestly . 
 ` you do n't speak about it a great deal , but when you do , your whole face becomes enlivened . 
 it 's quite a transformation . ' 
 a smile played about agnes 's lips . 
 ` yes , i suppose it is , although it 's not surprising . 
 i 'm so much looking forward to going back there . ' 
 ` yes , well i do n't see that happening in the near future . 
 it may , in fact , be several years before we can get there together . ' 
 agnes blinked in disbelief . 
 ` several years ? ' 
 ` yes , i 'd say so , ' michael said , swiping away a fly from his face . 
 ` one ca n't just nip off on an overseas holiday at the drop of a hat . 
 these sorts of things require planning and time , not to mention the financial considerations . ' 
 he turned to agnes and noticed that she was looking rather put out . 
 ` but i do n't see why we could n't start planning a trip in a year or so , ' he said gently . 
 ` a trip ? ' 
 she exclaimed . 
 ` but i do n't want to go to england for a holiday , michael ! 
 i want to live there permanently . ' 
 michael stopped walking and stared . 
 a sudden and insidious paralysis of shock began to creep over him , numbing every sensation in his body . 
 he remained in that state for some time until he was able to recollect himself . 
 ` live there ? ' 
 he cried feebly . 
 ` god in heaven ! ' 
 agnes seemed oblivious to his anguish . 
 ` yes , why not ? 
 we could settle down in some quiet little town , start a family ... ' blood began to drain from his face . 
 ` a family ? 
 in england ? 
 i ca n't believe what you 're proposing . 
 i know you 're fond of the country , but is n't this going just a bit too far ? ' 
 ` no , not at all . ' 
 ` it 's just that this is all so sudden , ' he said with a look of despair . 
 ` it 's not all that sudden , michael . 
 i often expressed my love for england in my letters to you , and your written replies suggested that you would not be averse to living there . 
 or did you only write those things because you were missing me ? ' 
 then there was a pause . 
 ` why do you look so mystified ? ' 
 ` good god ! ' 
 he broke out with unexpected vehemence . 
 ` writing letters is one thing , but wanting to live there ? 
 that 's something else entirely ! ' 
 ` should i presume then , that you were just humouring me ? ' 
 ` no . 
 not at all . 
 i was just trying to share your enthusiasm . 
 you have obviously misunderstood my letters . ' 
 in his anxiety , he looked about him . 
 the wintersleigh party was now a little ahead of him and agnes , and wishing to catch up with them , he quickened his pace . 
 ` and what does your mother say to all this ? ' 
 agnes paused for a short interval . 
 ` i vowed to say nothing to her until i had spoken with you first . 
 i wanted to hear your reaction . ' 
 ` my reaction ? 
 well , i , i do n't know what to think . 
 i do n't understand why you have this sudden compulsion to move . 
 what does england have that hobart has n't ? ' 
 ` it has everything , michael ! ' 
 agnes said with great avidity . 
 ` england is where everything is happening . 
 it 's the land of opportunity . ' 
 ` absurdity ! ' 
 ` it 's preferable to living in hobart ! ' 
 agnes cried , her voice shaking with emotion . 
 ` anywhere is preferable to hobart . ' 
 ` yes , well that is your opinion , agnes . 
 i quite like it here . ' 
 ` but , michael , ' she protested , ` there 's nothing here in hobart but picturesque scenery and unemployment . ' 
 ` now wait just one moment . ' 
 ` where is your ambition ? ' 
 agnes persevered . 
 ` do n't you want to make something of yourself ? ' 
 ` i am something , agnes , ' michael said indignantly , ` i 'm a doctor . ' 
 agnes 's jaw clenched . 
 ` yes . 
 you 're a doctor in a country town , with no prospects to speak of . ' 
 ` how can you say that ? 
 of course i have prospects . ' 
 ` oh ? 
 and what are they ? 
 you might get a position on the hospital board one day , if you 're lucky . ' 
 ` yes . 
 is n't that something to aspire to ? ' 
 ` yes , i suppose so . 
 but imagine working in england ! 
 think of the opportunities ! ' 
 ` agnes , please ! ' 
 he entreated , holding his hand up in front of her . 
 ` please stop . 
 i ca n't bear to hear you talk like this ! ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 she said , catching his eye . 
 ` is it because i 'm right ? ' 
 michael brooded in silence . 
 ` i 'm right are n't i ? ' 
 agnes went on , feeling more confident . 
 ` you know what you 're capable of , but you 're too frightened to make that change . ' 
 ` what rot and poppycock ! 
 fear has nothing to do with it . ' 
 ` it does , and i appreciate that , but i 'll be by your side . 
 we 'll make this change together . ' 
 michael stood in silence and looked about him . 
 from a nearby building , small whirlpools of smoke rose from the chimney , soiling the country air , and filling michael 's nostrils with its acrid fumes . 
 he tentatively resumed walking , but this time his steps were unhurried . 
 as he walked , he stole a quick glance at the convict ruins . 
 glancing through a penitentiary window , his eyes were drawn to a menacing set of iron bars . 
 behind these bars lay a dank , empty prison cell . 
 he felt its desolation . 
 ` i 'd rather we not discuss this any more . ' 
 agnes perceived his irritability . 
 ` are you cross with me ? ' 
 she asked . 
 without waiting for a reply she tried to take hold of his hand . 
 he pulled away from her . 
 ` michael , please do n't be angry with me . 
 i do n't say these things to hurt or torment you . 
 i say them because i care about you . 
 you 're a talented young doctor , and i do n't want to see you languishing here , when you could be flourishing elsewhere . ' 
 ` i 'm not languishing , ' he said , attempting to recollect himself . 
 ` i happen to be quite content here , and you , agnes , you were the same . ' 
 ` yes , well that was before i went away . 
 it has completely changed my view of the world . 
 i see where all the opportunities are , and they 're not here . 
 if i had to remain in hobart , i 'd be living in a perpetual state of restlessness , knowing what i could have in england . ' 
 for some reason , a re-emerging image of an empty cell filled michael 's mind , and he felt light-headed . 
 ` i thought you were happy . ' 
 ` well i 'm not , ' agnes confessed . 
 ` but i could be , if we moved . 
 think about it , ' she urged . 
 ` you do n't have to give me a decision right away . ' 
 she then hurriedly took her leave . 
 in her absence , michael came to a standstill . 
 the rest of the wintersleigh party was , by this stage , making their way towards the watchman 's quarters , and as they passed over the lawn into the distance , michael looked out after them with unseeing eyes . 
 by the time he came to his senses , he realised that he had been left alone , with nothing but the chimney fumes and the crumbling structure around him . 
 chapter thirty inmates michael eventually rejoined the group at the watchman 's quarters , the building where the overseers used to reside , but his enthusiasm for the outing had long since evaporated . 
 agnes 's words resonated uncomfortably in his ears , and while the rest of the party visited the commandant 's house , the guard tower , convict hospital , the old prisoner barracks and the officials ' offices and quarters -- some of which had been converted into private residences -- he trailed after them , seeing little and hearing just as much . 
 he had regained some of his spirits by the time he reached the asylum , and even allowed himself the luxury of a smile when george did an entertaining impression of a lunatic . 
 apart from this , though , michael remained aloof and deep in thought . 
 while a reflective michael kept to himself , thomas maycroft continued to provide the group with a detailed , yet rather desultory commentary on all the different buildings , including the model prison , which they had just reached . 
 unfortunately for thomas , everyone had long since lost interest in his observations , and they were more concerned with the brief disappearance of george and jack , who had gone missing whilst looking for a lavatory . 
 george soon regained his bearings , and was able to find his way back to the prison entrance , where the wintersleigh party was now congregating . 
 ` thank goodness you 've arrived , ' frances remarked to george . 
 ` mr maycroft has scarcely drawn breath since you left . ' 
 george rolled his eyes . 
 ` what 's the saying , frances ? 
 you can choose your friends , but you ca n't choose your family . 
 wait a minute , ' he added more seriously , ` why are we standing around in this stupid fashion ? ' 
 he transferred his gaze to the group around him , who was standing absently by the door to the model prison . 
 ` what are we waiting for ? ' 
 he darted forward . 
 ` last one in is a rotten egg ! ' 
 he declared over his shoulder , and would have been the first inside , had his brother 's voice not stopped him in mid flight . 
 ` there 's an entrance fee of one shilling . ' 
 george was not amused and made no secret of it . 
 ` one shilling ! ' 
 he exploded . 
 ` but that 's daylight robbery ! 
 we already had to pay four shillings for that infernal boat trip ! 
 by jove ! 
 well , you can count me out . ' 
 he turned his back on the party and began to walk away from the entrance . 
 ` where are you going , george ? ' 
 michael inquired tersely . 
 ` are n't you coming in ? ' 
 ` no i certainly am not . 
 i refuse to pay good money to see inside the crusty remains of a prison . ' 
 he folded his arms defiantly over his chest . 
 ` george , ' louisa said reproachfully , ` we all go in together , or we do not go in at all . ' 
 ` well it 's settled then , ' he declared , beginning to move off . 
 ` how can you be so selfish , george brearly ? ' 
 agnes asked with a sneer . 
 ` we would all like to go in , and i 'm not changing my plans just because you are too self-centred to -- ' ` now wait just one moment , agnes wentworth , ' george retaliated , ` i 'll have you know that i 'm not made of money . 
 i 'm just a sad , lowly writer , crushed by poverty . ' 
 ` i 'll crush you if you keep going on about it , ' michael interrupted . 
 ` for heaven 's sake , george , if money is the only consideration here , i 'll pay for you to go in . ' 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 george replied with a disarming smile . 
 ` well that 's awfully generous of you . 
 i would n't want to take money from my big brother , but since you offered ... ' ` i did offer , now let me through so that i can pay for the two of us . ' 
 ` good man , ' george said moving forward . 
 ` i knew my poor , lowly writer story would do the trick . ' 
 he heartily , and rather affectionately , slapped michael on the back . 
 the rest of the wintersleigh party then paid their entrance fees , and they all entered the prison together . 
 they were later to discover from thomas that these proceeds were to go to a church of england clergyman , rev. j.b. woollnough , who , having bought the model prison , intended fitting it up for his own private residence . 
 once the group was inside , they were immediately greeted by an all-pervading stench of dirt and dampness . 
 ` mercy ! ' 
 louisa cried , hastily raising her lace edged handkerchief to her nose . 
 ` it smells like a tomb in here ! ' 
 ` or my shoes , ' george added with a chuckle . 
 the other women , by this stage , had also covered their delicate noses with their handkerchiefs , and while they adjusted their eyes to the shadowy dimness of the corridor , they began to edge their way along it . 
 they stopped occasionally to inspect the insides of the prison cells that were lined on either side . 
 ` imagine living in a room this size , ' louisa said , peering tentatively over her handkerchief into the dank confines of one of the cells . 
 ` why , my wardrobe is larger than this ! ' 
 she shook her head in silent wonderment . 
 in the background , not far from the prison entrance , frances and jack had fallen victim to thomas maycroft , and were enduring one of his irksome lectures . 
 ` is n't this a fascinating building ? ' 
 thomas was saying with a disturbing cheerfulness . 
 ` evocative of bygone years of cruelty and oppression . ' 
 ` oh yes , ' frances murmured , ` delightful . ' 
 ` still , ' thomas resumed , ` it 's all rather interesting , is n't it ? 
 one could easily imagine what it would have been like to live here . ' 
 he leant into his walking stick . 
 ` as i understand it , there were guards mounted strategically around this area , mainly in the central hall , further up ahead . 
 they were instructed to shoot , without hesitation , any prisoner who was tempted to break bounds . ' 
 a thrill of alarm caused frances 's heart to miss a beat . 
 ` oh dear , ' was all she could manage to say . 
 ` i do n't like it in here , daddy ! ' 
 jack wailed all of a sudden . 
 ` i want to go home ! ' 
 thomas ignored his son 's distress , and continued speaking . 
 ` another form of punishment in this gaol was silence . 
 prisoners were required to be silent at all times . ' 
 ` i see , ' frances muttered under her breath , ` well you would n't have lasted very long then . ' 
 thomas was too busy inspecting the quality of the stone masonry to hear her remark , and taking advantage of his distracted state , frances hurried away from him to rejoin the rest of the party . 
 by the time she joined them , jack was in tears , and was being comforted by his uncle george . 
 ` come on , my little whipper snapper , ' george was saying gently , ` why are you crying ? ' 
 ` i want to go home , ' jack spluttered . 
 ` go home ? 
 but do n't you want to see all the skeletons ? ' 
 ` skellingtons ? ' 
 jack repeated ineptly . 
 he was suddenly divided between smiles and tears . 
 ` where are they ? 
 where ? ' 
 ` oh , george , ' agnes moaned , ` how can you say such things to him ? 
 he 's only a child . 
 he does n't know any better . ' 
 ` where are the skellingtons , uncle george ? ' 
 jack persisted . 
 ` i want to see them . 
 now ! ' 
 ` not now , jack , ' george emphasised . 
 ` i 'll be with you presently . ' 
 he returned his attention to agnes . 
 ` now , miss wentworth , ' he said condescendingly , ` what is it you wanted to say ? ' 
 ` you have no right promising a child something you can not give him , ' agnes berated . 
 ` it only leads to disappointment . ' 
 ` humph ! 
 and since when were you an expert on children ? ' 
 george scoffed . 
 ` you 're barely past childhood yourself . ' 
 ` how dare you ! ' 
 agnes hissed . 
 her dark eyes seemed to burn unnaturally bright in the dimness . 
 ` you 're the one who never grew up ! ' 
 george was just about to launch into a fresh round of derogatory remarks , when he noticed that jack was no longer by his side . 
 his pulse quickened , and turning hastily away from his adversary , he began to look about him . 
 the corridor further ahead was scattered with the odd tourist , but there was no sign of a child resembling jack amongst them . 
 on the other side , only thomas and the ensnared louisa were making their way towards them . 
 ` and if you notice the size of the rooms , ' thomas was saying , with an accompaniment of sweeping hand gestures , ` in direct proportion to the ceiling , you 'll find that ... ' ` agnes , ' george heard himself blurt out , ` jack 's gone . ' 
 he regretted the words as soon as he had uttered them . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 agnes asked . 
 ` he was with you a minute ago . 
 he was standing right beside you . ' 
 ` yes , thank you for pointing that out . 
 i was aware of the fact . 
 the point is that he is no longer with me . 
 he must have run off when i had my back turned . 
 he did look fairly on the rush . 
 damn and botheration . ' 
 ` well do n't just stand there , you beastly man , ' she whispered ferociously . 
 ` you 're the one who lost him . 
 go and look for him , before the others find out ! ' 
 this heated conversation continued in a similar vein for a little while longer , until eventually agnes and george excused themselves from the party , and began , in separate directions , to search for jack maycroft in the dim and sinister recesses of the model prison ... chapter thirty one close encounters agnes wentworth stood trembling near the barred open door of a solitary confinement cell . 
 she had been afraid of the dark since her childhood , and her fear at this moment was compounded by the fact that she was alone in an unfamiliar environment . 
 with trepidation she peered inside the chamber . 
 clutching her hat and parasol with white knuckles , she spoke . 
 ` jack ? 
 where are you ? ' 
 she was met with no response , but that of the moaning wind outside . 
 she shivered and stepped back silently over the stone floor . 
 ` jack ? ' 
 she said again in a tremulous voice . 
 ` i know you 're in here . 
 i can hear you breathing ! ' 
 again , there was no reply . 
 not knowing what else to do , she slipped fearfully into the cell . 
 the suffocating blackness soon enveloped her . 
 ` jack ? ' 
 she resumed , trying in vain to explore the small , musty confines of the space . 
 ` are you in here ? ' 
 suddenly , the door slammed shut behind her , and before she had a chance to scream or move , she felt a strong arm encircling her waist , and a hungry mouth pressing up against hers . 
 in another second , she felt herself being thrust up against the wall . 
 in the ensuing tussle with her invisible attacker , she dropped her parasol , and in another moment , her hair clip broke , causing steady streams of her hair to cascade over her shoulders and back . 
 she tried to cry out , but it was stifled by her assailant 's mouth . 
 the onslaught was tantalisingly brief , and by the time the man backed away from her , her lips were burning from the kiss , and her heart was violently aflutter . 
 ` michael , ' she finally managed to gasp , ` what was that for ? ' 
 ` that , agnes wentworth , ' replied a husky voice , ` was for stabbing me in the foot with your parasol . ' 
 and with that defiant announcement , george brearly ripped open the door , and departed as silently as he had entered it . 
 in the oppressive murkiness of the cell , agnes stood rigid in disbelief . 
 she felt faint , and leaning back onto the wall for support , fought for composure . 
 she failed miserably , and heard a whimper emanate from her lips . 
 agnes soon discerned the echoing steps of approaching feet , but in her state of confusion and comfortable numbness , she could do nothing but listen to her own pounding heart . 
 she stared out into the black nothingness before her . 
 it was only the sound of her fiancé 's voice , a short time later that woke her from her state of paralysis . 
 she hurriedly moved away from the wall , and while she fumbled on the stone floor for her parasol , the heavy door was thrown open , and michael appeared in the doorway . 
 ` agnes ? ' 
 he asked , peering ineffectually into the pitch-black chamber . 
 ` are you in here ? ' 
 for a moment agnes said nothing . 
 it was only when he repeated the question that she finally answered him . 
 ` yes , michael , i 'm in here . ' 
 ` what for ? ' 
 he asked , tentatively stepping inside the room . 
 ` i , i was curious , ' she stammered , moving towards him . 
 ` it 's quite fascinating in here . ' 
 ` fascinating ? 
 how can you tell ? 
 it 's like a rat-hole . 
 i ca n't see a thing . ' 
 agnes faltered . 
 ` ah , yes , well it is a bit difficult . ' 
 she frantically tried to rearrange her dishevelled hair . 
 ` that 's the under-statement of the year . 
 where are you ? 
 i ca n't even see you . ' 
 ` it 's all right , michael . 
 i 'm coming out now . ' 
 they soon met in the corridor , and it did n't take michael long to notice agnes 's ruffled clothing and disordered hair . 
 ` god in heaven ! ' 
 he exclaimed . 
 ` what happened to you ? ' 
 ` there 's no need to be so dramatic , michael . 
 i , i was looking for jack , but i stumbled into the wall . 
 i 'm all right , but i broke my hair clip . ' 
 ` well that 's not important . 
 just so long as you 're not hurt . ' 
 ` no , i 'm not hurt , but has jack been found ? 
 is he all right ? ' 
 ` yes , he 's fine . 
 he 's with charlotte . 
 no , it 's not him i 'm worried about . 
 it 's george . 
 i do n't know where he is . 
 i saw him a few minutes ago looking rather agitated , but when i called out to him , he ignored me and stormed off . 
 i daresay he 's gone outside . 
 you have n't seen him have you ? ' 
 ` no , ' agnes replied rather too quickly . 
 ` what makes you ask that ? ' 
 ` oh , no reason , ' he said , watching louisa and thomas approach . 
 ` i just ... ' ` and this , ' interrupted thomas , pointing to the door that agnes had just closed , ` this , the owner has just told me , is the door to the solitary confinement cell . 
 this room was used for prisoners who were particularly obstreperous or non co-operative . 
 depending on the severity of their offence , a prisoner could be imprisoned for ... ' ` oh wonderful , ' michael muttered , ` this is all i need . ' 
 ` and michael , agnes , ' said thomas , turning to them unexpectedly , ` you might be interested to learn that this building down here , ' he continued , walking ahead of them into the main hall , ` is the old convict chapel . ' 
 michael and agnes quickened their pace , and grudgingly followed him . 
 they accompanied him up some wooden steps , and eventually arrived at an open door . 
 ` as i understand it , ' thomas carried on with the same pomposity , ` the owner has recently dismantled this chapel , and is planning to convert it into his own private ball room . ' 
 ` oh , how exceedingly singular ! ' 
 louisa declared . 
 ` it is enough to make one shudder ! ' 
 ` yes , and how comforting it is to know that our money is going to such a worthy cause , ' michael said sarcastically to agnes . 
 ` do n't you think so ? ' 
 but agnes did n't answer . 
 her mind was engaged in more serious matters than that of ballrooms or money ill-spent . 
 her vacant eyes were fixed on the altar , but her mind was feverishly recalling every detail of george 's passionate kiss . 
 her cheeks reddened and she turned away from michael . 
 ` forgive me , dear god , ' she whispered , and without another word , she hurried down the stairs and out of sight . 
 chapter thirty two a request several days had elapsed since the boxing day excursion , and michael brearly sat despondently on the end of his bed , deep in reflection . 
 his thoughts often wandered back to that day in port arthur , yet when he recalled the day in detail , he found that his memories were more painful than pleasurable . 
 since the outing he had noticed a perceptible change in agnes 's behaviour , and it made him wonder whether their disagreement about moving to england had left a more permanent impression on her . 
 she was withdrawn and aloof , scarcely spoke , and when she did , she seemed thoughtfully preoccupied . 
 george too , it seemed , was in a similar state . 
 unlike the george of old , he ate very little , remained unusually quiet and appeared to be perpetually agitated . 
 michael was naturally troubled by these behavioural changes , but to disguise his real underlying concerns for agnes and george , he deceived himself into thinking that the matter was trivial . 
 he also convinced himself that the up and coming new year 's eve ball at wintersleigh would cheer everybody up , and make them forget their worries . 
 but so far , it had not . 
 as the ball had drawn closer , both agnes and george had remained sullen and reserved . 
 and so michael sat , deep in thought . 
 it was the day before the grand event , and he had a few things to organise , including what he was going to wear for the occasion . 
 he was just about to rise from his bed , when the sound of scratching caught his attention . 
 he wheeled around and noticed that one of his new kittens was sharpening its claws on his bedroom rug . 
 he shouted at it to stop , but it seemed oblivious to his voice . 
 michael then jumped up from his bed , and rushed towards the kitten , attempting to scare it . 
 in playful terror , the animal fled , and took refuge under his bed . 
 this nameless kitten , which was currently terrorising him , had been one of two kittens given to him on christmas eve . 
 he had found the animals in a box on the front door step at rosewood , and thinking that they were intended for him , took them inside . 
 no-one claimed responsibility for the gesture , but he suspected that george might have been involved . 
 perhaps the present was george 's way of expressing remorse for having caused henry 's death , but strangely enough , george refused to take credit for the present , asserting that he had absolutely no knowledge of it . 
 knowing his brother as he did , michael did not believe him . 
 the doctor received the kittens with mixed feelings . 
 part of him rejoiced at the prospect of having more cats at rosewood , but , on the other hand , he felt guilty at having replaced henry so soon after his tragic death . 
 and there was yet another consideration . 
 agnes . 
 michael knew how much she disliked cats , and he felt certain that she would persuade him to give them away . 
 after much deliberation on the subject , michael decided to adopt the lively kittens , rather than to abandon them -- something he knew in his heart he could never do . 
 and so the kittens remained at rosewood . 
 they soon wearied the doctor with their boundless energy , but despite their childish playfulness and mischievous antics , they never gave him cause to repent his decision ; even now , while one of them was hanging precariously from michael 's bedroom curtains . 
 michael hurried over to the window , and tried to wrench the fluffy villain from the summer curtains . 
 unfortunately for him , the kitten retaliated by entrenching its claws more firmly into the fabric , and after minutes of struggling , it soon became obvious that no amount of effort would free the animal from its hold , without tearing the curtains . 
 suddenly , there was a loud rap at the door , and without waiting for permission to enter , thomas maycroft opened the door to michael 's bedroom and entered . 
 michael hastily relinquished his hold on the kitten , and turned to face his brother-in-law . 
 thomas , he noticed , was formally attired , something that struck michael as being rather odd . 
 it immediately put him on the defensive . 
 ` thomas , ' he began , clearing his throat nervously , ` hullo there . 
 i was n't expecting to see you . 
 what can i do for you ? ' 
 ` i wanted to ask you for a favour . 
 i 'm going out to town in a few minutes , and i wanted you to look after jack for me . ' 
 ` sorry , thomas , but i 'm heading out later this morning . 
 i promised a patient that i would call in and see him . 
 it 's not a house call as such , more of a friendly visit . ' 
 ` perhaps you could take jack with you ? ' 
 ` no , i do n't think so , ' said michael , feeling increasingly riled . 
 ` i 'm sure my patient would n't appreciate it . ' 
 he undid the top button of his pyjamas . 
 ` i know you think i 'm being unreasonable about this , thomas but it is very inconvenient for me today . 
 have you asked george ? 
 i daresay he would n't mind looking after jack . 
 he 's very fond of the boy . ' 
 ` he 's out . 
 he left about an hour ago . 
 i do n't know where he went . ' 
 ` oh , wonderful ! ' 
 michael muttered sarcastically . 
 he hesitated . 
 ` i know this is none of my business , but why go into town today ? 
 it 's sunday . 
 apart from the churches , nothing will be open . ' 
 ` i have a business meeting with an old accountant friend of mine , ' thomas explained . 
 ` i 'm meeting him at his house in west hobart . ' 
 ` nothing wrong i hope ? ' 
 ` no , why do you ask ? ' 
 ` oh , no reason . 
 i just have n't had a chance to ask you about your bookshop . 
 how is business doing these days ? ' 
 thomas seemed reluctant to answer . 
 ` has jack said something ? ' 
 ` jack ? 
 oh no , i was just wondering that 's all . 
 it must be difficult for you to juggle your responsibilities as a parent , with that of your business , particularly in these trying times . ' 
 ` everything is going well , ' thomas came back with . 
 ` now , if you do n't mind , could you please give me a final answer about jack ? ' 
 michael detected the antagonism in his brother-in-law 's voice and he raised his eyebrows . 
 ` well then , i 'm afraid the answer is ` no . ' 
 as i explained to you earlier , i have already made other arrangements . 
 if you 'd given me more notice about your plans , i might have been able to help you . ' 
 ` never mind , ' thomas answered ill-naturedly , ` and do n't bother to explain . ' 
 michael was quick to reply . 
 ` please , thomas , there 's no need to be like that . 
 despite what you may think , i 'm not trying to shirk my responsibilities as an uncle . ' 
 ` and what responsibilities would they be ? 
 your duty to question my parenting , or labelling my only son an impudent boy ? ' 
 michael straightened himself a little . 
 ` ah , i knew it would n't be long before you reminded me of that incident , ' he said slowly . 
 ` it makes me cringe just to think of it . ' 
 he was silent for a time . 
 ` there 's no easy way for me to say this . 
 after much deliberation on the matter , i want to apologise for the way i spoke to jack on christmas day , and for what i said . 
 i still maintain that jack 's behaviour was unacceptable , but i had no right to call him ` impudent , ' and to interfere in something that was clearly your responsibility . ' 
 ` so you are questioning my parenting . ' 
 michael considered his brother-in-law 's words . 
 ` i suppose i am , yes . 
 not out of spite , of course , but because i care about his upbringing . 
 he 's my sister 's only child , after all . 
 i ca n't help but feel involved somehow . ' 
 ` how would you fare , michael , if you had to raise a child on your own ? ' 
 thomas demanded . 
 ` how would you cope ? ' 
 michael hesitated , and returned his attention to his kitten . 
 it had just released its grip from the curtains , and once it had dropped to the floor , promptly fled out the door . 
 ` very badly , i daresay , ' michael eventually replied . 
 ` i do n't know the first thing about children , except medically , of course . 
 they 're so foreign to me , ostensibly irrational and unpredictable . 
 i 'm more used to cats . 
 when they are troublesome or make too much noise , i simply put them outside . ' 
 he attempted a smile . 
 thomas stood strangely still , and did not return michael 's gesture . 
 ` i appreciate your words , michael , and your frankness regarding parenting , but until you have a child of your own , you have no right to discuss your concerns about jack 's upbringing with me . 
 as for jack , he 's the one you need to apologise to , not me . ' 
 he then turned on his heel and stalked out of the room . 
 chapter thirty three temptation ` oh , mercy ! 
 i am sure i have forgotten something ! ' 
 louisa wentworth declared , as she stood by the drawing room window on the evening of the new year 's ball . 
 ` if only i knew what it was ! ' 
 ` you 've forgotten nothing , mama , ' agnes reassured . 
 ` everything is perfect . ' 
 ` oh ! 
 if only that were true , my dear , ' louisa responded , patting her daughter affectionately on the shoulder . 
 ` if only that were true . ' 
 she sighed , then turned towards the window , looking through the glass to the darkening world outside . 
 ` they will all be here soon , ' she said , staring fixedly at the entrance drive . 
 she was soon startled by a voice behind her . 
 ` only me ! ' 
 announced george brearly , sidling up beside them . 
 his presence provoked no response from either woman . 
 ` by jove , ' he said , feeling rather unpopular , ` that was n't exactly the response i was looking for , but ... ' ` oh , where is everyone ? ' 
 louisa bewailed over the top of george 's voice . 
 ` they should be here by now . 
 it is most vexing . ' 
 ` mama , ' agnes ventured , ` please do not distress yourself unnecessarily . ' 
 ` unnecessarily ? ' 
 louisa repeated . 
 ` after all the effort i have put into this ball , i think i have every right to be worried about it . ' 
 ` of course you do , mama , but you say this every year . ' 
 from the corner of her eye , agnes felt george 's eyes upon her and she decided to say nothing more . 
 as she had suspected , george brearly was observing her , and quite intently too . 
 his eyes , in particular , were drawn to her tall , tightly corseted figure , shown to best advantage by her new ball gown , -lrb- a pale primrose-yellow spotted muslin , with printed patterns of irises in pink , green and yellow -rrb- and her white , elbow length gloves . 
 her jet coloured hair was gathered fashionably behind her neck , and was tastefully decorated with ornamental combs . 
 an elaborate toque , trimmed with sprigs of wattle and sweet scented boronia , rested delicately on top of her head , and her other accessories included several pieces of jewellery , including a brooch at her breast , a gleaming pearl necklace at her throat , and matching pearl earrings . 
 ` well , i must say , agnes wentworth , ' george began , still studying her figure with admiration , ` that you are looking particularly fetching this evening . ' 
 ` oh hush , george ! ' 
 louisa growled . 
 ` not now ! 
 your taunting words are most harassing to my nerves . ' 
 ` i was n't taunting . 
 i was just making an observation . ' 
 ` could you please fasten my comb , agnes ? ' 
 louisa asked , interrupting again . 
 ` i can feel it slipping out . ' 
 agnes quickly went to her mother 's aid . 
 ` by the way , george , ' louisa added over her shoulder , ` what have you done with your hair ? 
 it looks positively wild . 
 when was the last time you brushed it ? ' 
 george fell into thought . 
 ` do n't know and i do n't care . 
 i 'm not the one who has to look at it all day . ' 
 ` yes , well we do , and so will my guests when they arrive . 
 why do n't you go upstairs and run a comb through it ? ' 
 george clenched his jaw in annoyance , before glancing in agnes 's direction . 
 she had affected an air of indifference towards him , and seemed to be serenely unaware of his existence . 
 george felt her rudeness , and turned away . 
 without another word , he slipped disconsolately out of the room . 
 agnes noticed his departure , but said nothing to her mother . 
 her heart was beating so quickly that she could hardly breathe , let alone make an intelligible comment . 
 the arrival of cyril , thomas , jack and her fiancé soon aroused her from her thoughts . 
 ` oh , splendid ! 
 you 're all here at last ! ' 
 louisa gushed , hurrying towards the group with sudden energy . 
 in her anxiety , she failed to notice that frances and charlotte were both absent . 
 ` yes , louisa , ' michael said , stepping forward to take her hand . 
 ` we 're here . 
 and might i say , louisa that the house looks exquisite . ' 
 he squeezed her hand gently , yet reassuringly . 
 ` does it ? 
 oh , i hope so . 
 the guests will be here in a minute , and knowing the watsons , they will be first at the door . 
 they are always so punctual . ' 
 ` well of course they are , mama , ' agnes laughed . 
 ` they only live down the road . ' 
 louisa cast her daughter a look of reproach , but said nothing . 
 she released michael 's hand and glided across the room again to the window . 
 she then peeled back the curtains and stole a cursory look outside . 
 seeing no new arrivals , she looked back towards the group . 
 it was at that point she realised that several members of the party were missing . 
 ` where are the others ? ' 
 she queried . 
 ` they 're still upstairs , ' cyril mumbled . 
 ` getting dressed . ' 
 ` getting dressed ? ' 
 louisa exclaimed . 
 ` surely they must know what time it is . 
 oh dear , this is all too vexing ! ' 
 she let the curtains fall , and set off with determination across the room . 
 just before she reached the door , however , michael 's words caused her to falter . 
 ` louisa , please do n't work yourself up into a state . 
 it is n't worth the worry , or the energy . ' 
 ` well , what am i to do , michael ? 
 how would it look if the guests arrived , and they were no where to be seen ? ' 
 ` i 'll go and see what 's going on , ' agnes suggested . 
 ` no , ' michael said firmly . 
 ` if you do n't mind , agnes , i 'll go . 
 i have to go upstairs anyway to get something . ' 
 ` thank you , my dear , ' louisa said , watching her future son-in-law dutifully leave the room . 
 ` do tell them to hurry ! ' 
 in another moment , michael had taken his leave and was making his way up the stairs . 
 by the time he reached frances 's room , he was a little breathless from anxiety , and taking deep breaths to steady himself , he knocked diffidently at the door . 
 when there was no response , he knocked with more vigour . 
 ` miss norwood ? 
 are you in there ? ' 
 the door opened , and through the small gap , a fretful looking charlotte appeared . 
 her face relaxed when she saw michael , and she even allowed herself a smile . 
 ` it 's all right , franny ! ' 
 she said , addressing her cousin from over her shoulder . 
 ` it 's not mama . 
 it 's doctor brearly ! ' 
 michael did n't hear the response , but presumed that frances too was relieved . 
 ` is everything all right , charlotte ? ' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 ` it 's just that your mother is none too pleased , and wants you to come downstairs immediately . ' 
 ` bother , ' charlotte said , nibbling her lip . 
 ` that sounds ominous . ' 
 again , she looked over her shoulder to check frances 's progress . 
 ` please hurry , fran , ' she urged . 
 ` mama is getting cross . ' 
 ` is something the matter ? ' 
 michael asked again , growing more curious . 
 charlotte turned back to face him . 
 ` well yes , there is a slight problem . 
 wait one moment . ' 
 she then disappeared back into the room , shutting the door behind her . 
 through the door of the bedroom , he heard muffled conversation . 
 ` are you sure you ca n't see it ? ' 
 a troubled voice cried . 
 ` i 'm certain . 
 the rest of your hair is covering it . ' 
 he then heard some sort of activity from within the room , and before he had time to step back from the door , it opened , and both charlotte and frances emerged . 
 while the two women stood before him , he was only vaguely conscious of charlotte 's existence . 
 frances was all he saw , and the more he gazed upon her , resplendent in her ivory and gold ball gown , the more captivated he became . 
 ` miss norwood , ' he murmured , silently admiring the creamy whiteness of skin above the low-cut bodice , ` you look , er , remarkably well . 
 beautiful , if i might be permitted to say so . ' 
 frances smiled and nervously adjusted the gold ribbon that adorned the upper part of her throat . 
 in an instant michael realised his blunder and sought to correct it . 
 ` you both look quite beautiful , ' he added , for charlotte 's benefit . 
 charlotte coloured a little and did n't quite know where to look . 
 she evidently was n't used to receiving compliments and was n't sure whether to offer her thanks , or whether to say nothing at all . 
 she opted for the latter . 
 frances , however , was in no doubt how to respond . 
 ` and you look vaguely acceptable too , ' she answered coyly . 
 michael smiled and looked down at his clothes . 
 on this particular evening he was dressed suavely in a full dress suit , comprising double-breasted waistcoat with matching coat and trousers . 
 his high standing white collar had clearly been starched for the ball , and around the collar he wore an ascot tie and pin . 
 ` what ? 
 this old thing ? ' 
 he cheerfully remarked . 
 both frances and charlotte laughed and for the time being nothing more was said . 
 the group of three then moved away from the bedroom door , and began heading down the hallway . 
 they had not taken five steps when charlotte realised that she had left her fan in the room . 
 she said as much to frances and michael . 
 ` oh , i am sorry ! ' 
 charlotte declared . 
 ` do go off without me , ' and with that , she darted off down the hall , in the direction of her old bedroom . 
 in charlotte 's absence frances and michael did as they were bid , and slowly walked down the hall towards the staircase . 
 when the staircase came into sight , frances faltered and turned towards the doctor . 
 ` i hope my aunt is n't too annoyed with us , ' she said , looking apprehensively downstairs . 
 ` well , ' he ventured with a smile , ` let 's just say that i 've seen her in better moods . ' 
 ` oh , dear . 
 that sounds a bit grim . ' 
 ` no , no , not at all . 
 she was just worried about you both . 
 i daresay she thought you were having some problems . ' 
 ` yes , well we did . 
 rather i had some problems . ' 
 she lowered her voice to a confiding tone . 
 ` charlotte burnt a small patch of my hair with the curling tongs , ' she explained . 
 ` she assures me that it is not visible , but i am a pessimist at heart , and of course i am yet to be appeased . ' 
 ` poor charlotte . 
 do you think you can ever forgive her ? ' 
 ` one day perhaps . ' 
 ` let me see , ' he said , leaning over slightly to have a look . 
 ` i ca n't see anything . ' 
 in spite of her awkwardness , frances allowed herself a smile . 
 ` that , doctor brearly , is because you 're looking in the wrong area . ' 
 she looked at him with playful severity . 
 ` it 's further along , ' she added , indicating the burnt patch with her gloved finger . 
 without thinking , michael stepped closer to her , and following the direction of her finger , gently peeled back several long strands of hair on her neck to inspect the damage . 
 it was clearly visible , but out of kindness to her he pretended that he could n't see it . 
 at that moment , he smelt a faint hint of her perfume , and without knowing what he was doing , he felt his hand falter on her neck . 
 their eyes soon met , and to michael 's relief frances 's eyes were not rebuking . 
 she seemed to regard him with more timidity than censure . 
 the shrill , yet distant sound of louisa 's voice , soon caught their attention , and frances instinctively pulled away . 
 in the background , louisa 's voice continued to be heard . 
 ` the watsons have just arrived , frances ! ' 
 louisa was saying . 
 ` i think you had better come down this instant ! ' 
 frances assumed a theatrical expression of exasperation , before hurrying down the stairs to her awaiting aunt . 
 as soon as frances disappeared from view , michael sighed and ran a shaky hand through his hair . 
 he then took hold of the banister to steady himself . 
 chapter thirty four wintersleigh ball the house was soon engulfed with people , and to louisa 's relief , her guests were in good spirits . 
 as each visitor was promptly ushered into the cloakroom , the wintersleigh servants were waiting to attend to their needs . 
 coats and hats were removed , gowns or ties were adjusted , and hair was fussed over . 
 after their last minute toilettes , the guests were then shown into the ballroom , which was located down the far end of the downstairs hall . 
 the ballroom itself was a stately looking room of extensive proportions . 
 in comparison with other great houses in tasmania , the wintersleigh ball chamber was rather insignificant , but to a small , rural community , it was very grand indeed . 
 with its high ceiling and enormous window , it was louisa 's favourite room in the house , and as a result , she took great pains to ensure that it looked its very finest . 
 on this particular occasion the chamber was lined with a green wilderness of giant parlour palms , vases of fern and flower arrangements and a row of chairs , for those individuals who were not inclined to dance , and who preferred to watch the proceedings from the comfort of their own chair . 
 in the far corner of the room a small group of musicians was assembled , and their respective instruments gleamed under the light from the gasoliers . 
 frances had never been overly fond of large formal gatherings , primarily because they bored her , and the wintersleigh ball was no exception . 
 no sooner had she entered the room , she secreted herself behind one of the densest looking palms , hoping the plant 's foliage would be sufficient enough to hide her from view . 
 for several minutes , at least , she was safe from the colourful heaving of life around her , and had just exhaled a breath of relief , when george brearly unexpectedly appeared beside her . 
 ` frances ! ' 
 he cried . 
 ` well met ! 
 just the woman i was looking for . ' 
 frances instinctively tightened her grip on her fan . 
 ` and what can i do for you , george ? ' 
 she answered , scarcely paying him any attention . 
 her expectant eyes began to scan the ballroom for the doctor , but he was nowhere to be seen . 
 ` by jove ! 
 i should have thought that was obvious , ' george responded laughingly . 
 ` fancy taking a whirl about the room with me ? 
 we have several hours of dancing before us , and a room full of people to impress . ' 
 frances opened her fan and began to flutter it nervously about her face . 
 before she had had a chance to decline his offer by way of some witty excuse , she felt george take one of her hands and drag her away from her verdant hiding place , and out onto the dance floor . 
 frances was less than impressed by george 's improper and un-gentlemanly conduct , and as he carelessly manoeuvred them around clusters of people , she was soon lost in a sea of unfamiliar faces . 
 ` george , ' frances ventured over the din of music , talking and merriment , ` i think you 're being a bit over hasty . 
 i do n't recall ever agreeing to your proposal . 
 if you will allow me the use of your pencil for just a moment , i shall add your name to my dance card , for a later dance . ' 
 she opened the card , which was delicately attached to the side of her gown with a thin braided cord . 
 ` it seems that i am not engaged for the first quadrille after the intermission -- ' ` oh , hang the quadrille ! ' 
 george retorted . 
 frances frowned and looked edgily about her . 
 to her dismay , her aunt was standing just a short distance away from the dance floor , and was chatting with a rather bird-like woman , whose head was surmounted by a preposterous looking feathered headpiece . 
 as mistress of the proceedings , louisa was keenly attune to her surroundings , and like a chameleon , whose eyes work independently from one another , she had the uncanny ability of being able to watch two things at once , in opposing directions . 
 while her attention was seemingly fixed on her elderly companion , she was also aware of george and frances 's movements as they took a few preliminary turns about the room . 
 from the glowering look in louisa 's eyes and the tautness of her clenched jaw , frances could tell that her aunt was not amused . 
 george 's words soon resounded loudly in frances 's ears . 
 ` well , well , frances , i must say that you 're an awfully good dancer . ' 
 ` yes , i know . ' 
 george chuckled . 
 ` it goes without saying that you 're a much better dancer than agnes . 
 i fear that her ineptitude on the tennis court also extends to the dance floor . 
 not that i 'm a particularly brilliant dancer , mind you , but let 's just say that i 've never been accused of having two left feet . ' 
 frances made no reply . 
 she had just caught sight of agnes and the doctor , standing together near the ballroom door . 
 from frances 's vantage-point , she saw the couple exchange a few words , before michael extended his hand to her , as though he was inviting her to dance . 
 agnes , however , met this gesture unsmilingly , and seemed resolved to remain where she was . 
 after exchanging a few more words , the doctor let his hand fall . 
 in the next moment , both agnes and michael directed their attention towards frances and george . 
 frances suddenly longed to return to her parlour palm . 
 ` so , frances , ' george resumed , now aware that he was becoming the centre of attention , ` do you have any new year 's resolutions ? ' 
 unbeknownst to frances , he was watching agnes and his brother from the corner of his eyes . 
 ` none that i will be able to keep , i 'm afraid . ' 
 ` well said ! ' 
 george replied , and tightening his grip around frances 's waist , began edging her towards the ballroom door , where agnes and michael were still awkwardly standing . 
 he greeted them both with an irreverent salute . 
 ` well , here are a couple of stuffed dolls ! ' 
 he called out playfully . 
 he then snatched the fan out of frances 's hand , and flung it in agnes 's direction . 
 agnes 's reflexes , of course , were n't quick enough to discern the approaching fan , and it landed on the floor before her with a clatter . 
 ` good catch ! ' 
 george declared in a tone of amused sarcasm , and before agnes could respond to his audacious comment , he skilfully swept frances back into the centre of the dance floor . 
 ` that was awfully obliging of agnes to look after your fan for you , ' george remarked , once they were a safe distance away from the affianced couple . 
 frances winced in embarrassment , and wished with all her heart that the ` larger than life ' george would simply disappear . 
 ` i see you 've maintained your healthy respect for one another , ' she ventured , peering over george 's shoulder , in agnes 's direction . 
 george 's normally fluid dancing motion faltered , as though he had erred in his timing . 
 ` as always , ' he said smirking , ` as always . ' 
 agnes , meanwhile , had withdrawn from the room , and was conspicuous by her absence . 
 frances could n't help but comment to george on this fact . 
 ` do n't you worry your head about agnes wentworth . 
 one can only imagine that she 's running to her dear mother for a good whine . ' 
 as much as frances disliked her cousin agnes , george 's words still seemed uncharitable and unnecessary . 
 she could feel resentment rising up within her . 
 ` forgive me for saying this , george , but i 'm beginning to see why so many people have warned me about you . ' 
 george raised his eyebrows but made no rejoinder . 
 ` first it was my aunt , then agnes , charlotte , and lastly michael . 
 they 've all said the most scandalous things about you . 
 i scarcely know who , or what to believe . ' 
 ` then take my advice and believe every word they tell you . 
 i am a free spirit , frances . 
 i always have been , and i will remain so until i curl up my toes . 
 i live my life the way i want to live it , and i make no apologies for doing so . ' 
 frances smiled sardonically . 
 ` i 've never heard so many ` i 's ' in one sentence before . 
 anyone would think that you 're the sun and the people in your life are just the planets . ' 
 all at once george was very still . 
 ` are you accusing me of being self-centred ? 
 do you think that everything revolves around me ? ' 
 ` i 'm accusing you of nothing . 
 you misinterpreted what i said . ' 
 george loosened his grip on her . 
 ` no , frances , ' he whispered , ` i do n't think so . ' 
 frances watched him intently for a moment , waiting for him to smile or say something more , but he did neither . 
 a look of seriousness had spread itself over his handsome features , and for the remainder of their dance , he did n't say a word . 
 it was a great relief to both parties , therefore , when the dance finally ended and they went their own separate ways . 
 chapter thirty five shared moments after her bothersome encounter with george brearly , frances was content to sit the next dance out . 
 her dance card was not quite full , despite louisa 's attempts to find partners for her , and she needed time to catch her breath and clear her mind . 
 as she sat beside her aunt , her cousin charlotte , cyril and thomas maycroft , she reflected on what she had said to george . 
 she presumed that george would take the comment in his stride , and accept it with his usual good grace . 
 if she had known that her words would jeopardise their friendship , she would have kept her thoughts to herself . 
 while she considered her next course of action with george , the small party she was sitting with was soon enlarged to include agnes and the two brearly brothers . 
 at the sight of michael , frances 's heart gave a spasmodic bound . 
 louisa , in the mean time , had noticed the arrival of her daughter and the brearlys , and was not impressed . 
 ` mercy ! 
 what is this ? ' 
 she broke in , snapping her fan shut . 
 ` what is wrong with everybody tonight ? 
 why are you not dancing ? ' 
 ` i 'm awfully fagged , ' george professed , as he threw himself into a nearby chair , ` and i 'm not in the mood . ' 
 in his face , frances still saw conflict and disquietude . 
 ` nor am i , ' added charlotte , sitting morosely beside her mother . 
 ` what do you mean , not in the mood ? ' 
 louisa retaliated . 
 ` agnes , michael , why are you not dancing ? ' 
 with downcast eyes , agnes said nothing . 
 michael too remained silent . 
 ` charlotte , cyril ? 
 what about you two ? ' 
 ` cyril thinks it is improper for a christian minister to dance , mama , ' charlotte explained . 
 ` stuff and nonsense ! ' 
 a captious louisa retorted . 
 ` i can not believe this , ' she remarked , scowling at each member of the party . 
 ` i have gone to a great deal of trouble and expense to arrange this ball tonight , and now no-one wants to dance . 
 i am most exceedingly disappointed . ' 
 by this stage dancers for the next waltz were being summoned . 
 frances , as far as she could remember , was not engaged for the next dance , and instead of checking her dance card for confirmation of this , she sighed and slumped back further in her chair . 
 to her surprise , however , michael brearly unexpectedly appeared before her . 
 ` come on , miss norwood , ' he said , smiling at her hesitatingly , ` you promised me this next dance . ' 
 frances simply stared . 
 ` did i ? ' 
 she replied , looking a little bemused . 
 ` you did indeed . 
 it was written down on your card . ' 
 frances was now the centre of attention within her party , and she did not relish it in the slightest . 
 under the censorious scrutiny of agnes and her aunt , frances quickly got to her feet . 
 ` dance with frances ? ' 
 louisa asked testily . 
 ` but michael , what about agnes ? ' 
 ` agnes has already declined an invitation to dance with me , ' he explained coolly , ` and that is the end of the story . 
 please excuse us . ' 
 despite louisa 's gasps of astonishment , and agnes 's mouth set in grim acquiescence , nothing further was said on the subject , and to the background hum of movement and conversation , michael and frances hurried away to the centre of the dance floor . 
 ` i know this sounds strange , ' frances said , as she took her position opposite michael , ` but i really do n't remember you asking me to dance earlier . 
 shall i check my card , just to be certain ? ' 
 ` no need to do that , ' michael replied , removing his spectacles and polishing them rigorously with the cuff of his sleeve . 
 ` your memory is not at fault . ' 
 he returned the spectacles to his face . 
 ` i 'm afraid i lured you out here under false pretences . 
 i need to talk with you . ' 
 the memory of the earlier scene on the staircase inexplicably came flooding back to frances , and she started slightly at the recollection . 
 ` ah , so you did n't want to dance with me after all , ' she stated , challenging him with her eyes . 
 by this stage the music had begun , and michael stepped closer to frances . 
 ` nothing could be further from the truth , ' he whispered , before tenderly taking her right hand . 
 in the next moment he placed his other hand about her waist . 
 their increasing closeness did nothing to dispel frances 's awkwardness , and as her face tinged with a blush , she draped her left arm about michael 's shoulder . 
 they began to take their first tentative turns about the crowded room . 
 ` what did you want to talk about ? ' 
 frances asked , averting her eyes to the colourful sea of dancers around her . 
 a hint of her partner 's cologne wafted under her nostrils , and she smiled uneasily . 
 ` i , i hope it 's not another discussion about george . ' 
 michael stumbled at the mere mention of his brother 's name , and almost collected a huge flower arrangement , perched on a mahogany corner stand . 
 ` please , do n't mention george , miss norwood , ' he said , between gritted teeth . 
 ` he occupies my thoughts more than you would care to know . ' 
 frances returned her eyes to her partner 's face , and for a moment their eyes met . 
 she read the meaning in his glance , and again she looked away . 
 for some time after this , she was aware of nothing but her slippers gliding over the polished floorboards . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' she said . 
 ` i only mentioned him because we 've had a slight falling out , shall we say . 
 in the process of conveying a word of advice to him , i inadvertently insulted him . ' 
 ` is that so ? 
 well , if you do n't mind me asking , what did you say to him ? ' 
 ` the details are a bit vague now , ' she admitted , passing by the violinist , ` but i quite possibly accused him of being self-centred . ' 
 ` and what did he say to that ? ' 
 ` he took exception to the comment , and he has n't spoken to me since . ' 
 ` that 's very unlike george . 
 he does n't usually take offence that easily . 
 still , i 'm not surprised . 
 he 's been behaving very strangely recently . 
 so has agnes , come to think of it , ever since that infernal excursion to port arthur . 
 i 've puzzled my brain over the whole affair , but to no avail . 
 i ca n't account for their behaviour . ' 
 he studied her closely . 
 ` i do n't suppose you know what 's going on ? ' 
 ` not at all . 
 agnes tells me nothing . 
 for some reason , known only to her , we are not on speaking terms . 
 looking back on it all , i suppose you could say that we have never been in tune with one another . ' 
 ` that is indeed a shame , and i am sorry for it . ' 
 frances 's face softened , and she acknowledged michael 's kind words with a smile . 
 ` so am i. i would have liked to have been her friend , not just her cousin , but looking at it philosophically , some relationships just are n't meant to be . ' 
 ` and some are , ' michael replied , with an emphasis , meaningful only to himself . 
 frances received these words with equanimity , and while she secretly contemplated his assertion , she found herself occupying a space close to the seated wintersleigh party . 
 apart from a friendly wave from charlotte , the rest of the gathering looked clearly out of humour , and were following her progress on the dance floor with angry eyes , and an undisguised air of resentment . 
 george 's attitude too was cold and aloof , and when frances smiled at him , he did not return it . 
 frances was in no way offended by his rebuff , and instead , found herself tightening her grip on her partner , a gesture that michael promptly returned . 
 they were soon looking into one another 's eyes , and after a long lingering gaze , frances was compelled to speak . 
 ` what did you want to discuss ? ' 
 she murmured dreamily . 
 ` i do n't know , ' he said , gazing admiringly into her dusky eyes , ` it does n't seem to matter now . ' 
 chapter thirty six accusations agnes wentworth stifled a cry with a white gloved hand , and sank back indecorously into her chair . 
 with the other hand , she opened up her ornate lace fan , and without her usual aplomb , began to flap it agitatedly about her face . 
 these open signs of restlessness did not escape the attention of her mother , who was sitting beside her , and louisa quickly leaned over and supportively took hold of agnes 's hand . 
 ` what is it , my dear ? ' 
 louisa asked in a caring , maternal tone . 
 ` you look much affrighted . ' 
 the fan faltered in agnes 's hand , and in the next moment she was sitting as pale and dormant as a tombstone . 
 her glazed eyes , however , could not be stilled , and as her cousin and fiancé waltzed gracefully about the ballroom , her eyes followed their every move . 
 ` now do n't you go troubling yourself about those two , ' louisa said . 
 ` i daresay michael is only dancing with your cousin because you refused him earlier . ' 
 agnes pulled her hand away from her mother . 
 ` you may think that if you wish , but i do not . ' 
 ` mercy , agnes ! 
 what do you mean by that ? ' 
 ` frances pretended to look surprised when michael asked her to dance , but i was n't fooled for a moment . 
 she has had this dance with michael planned for days . ' 
 ` how could they have planned it ? 
 frances has not been anywhere near michael . 
 she 's been here at wintersleigh all the time . ' 
 ` port arthur , mama . 
 they arranged it on the boat coming home . 
 i am certain of it . 
 did n't you see them talking and laughing together ? 
 they were inseparable for the entire three hours . ' 
 she snapped shut her fan , and began adjusting her long , white gloves . 
 ` well , if that is all you are fretting about then , allow me to set your mind at ease . 
 really , my dear , there is nothing for you to worry about on that score . ' 
 louisa patted agnes 's hand , as though she were soothing a tearful child . 
 ` the truth is , my dear , i asked michael to have a word with your cousin . ' 
 ` but what for , mama ? ' 
 ` i was concerned about the amount of time that george was spending with frances , and i wanted to put a stop to it . 
 i knew that frances would take no heed of my warnings , so i enlisted michael 's support . 
 i feel certain that that is what they were discussing on the boat . ' 
 ` for three hours ? ' 
 louisa 's brow clouded with doubt . 
 ` yes , yes , i see your point entirely , but please , my dear , do keep your voice down . 
 every time you speak louder , that wretched george brearly glances in your direction . ' 
 she sniffed loudly . 
 ` where is he ? ' 
 ` he is standing beside charles green in the doorway . 
 now , please do not look at him , ' louisa urged , trying to draw agnes 's attention back to her . 
 ` turn around . 
 he is only trying to provoke you . ' 
 agnes did as she was bid , and settled back into her chair . 
 ` i must confess , mama , ' agnes said mincingly , ` that george brearly is the last thing on my mind . 
 it 's frances who troubles me the most . ' 
 ` well i can not see why , agnes . 
 frances , i grant you , is lonely . 
 that is all . 
 try and look at it from her perspective . 
 as you know , her father died when she was very little , she has no brothers or sisters , and her mother , whom she loves most in the world , is still living in melbourne . 
 she never discusses her mother with me , which seems rather odd , but she obviously misses her . ' 
 agnes looked out across the dance floor . 
 the waltz had only just ended and michael and frances were standing on the opposite side of the room , talking . 
 ` i am fatherless too , mama . 
 besides , why should i feel sorry for her , when she is the one trying to ruin my happiness ? ' 
 ` and how is she doing that ? ' 
 ` is n't it obvious ? 
 she 's trying to destroy my relationship with michael . ' 
 ` how can you say that , my dear ? 
 frances has only been here a few weeks . ' 
 ` then she has made good use of her time . ' 
 ` now , now , agnes , i think you are being a little unreasonable . 
 you are seeing something that clearly does not exist . ' 
 ` but it is there , mama ! ' 
 agnes rebelled . 
 ` it does exist ! 
 have n't you seen how altered michael is ? 
 he has changed so much ! ' 
 louisa smiled tenderly . 
 ` yes , my dear , but so have you . ' 
 agnes shook her dark head miserably . 
 ` no , not as much as he has . 
 i can only put it down to frances 's influence . ' 
 ` my poor aggie , ' louisa crooned , ` you are feeling uptight about the wedding , and you are over-reacting to the smallest things . 
 it is natural and perfectly understandable . ' 
 again she took hold of agnes 's hand . 
 ` michael and frances are friends , nothing more . 
 michael loves you . 
 he wants to marry you , most assuredly . ' 
 ` it 's not true . 
 i do n't believe a word of it . ' 
 ` agnes , ' louisa said , growing increasingly concerned , ` how can you doubt that ? 
 how can you doubt that he loves you ? ' 
 ` there ! ' 
 agnes retorted , aggressively pointing her fan in frances and michael 's direction . 
 ` what further proof do you require ? ' 
 her hand began to tremble so much that the fan nearly fell from her grasp . 
 ` oh my poor agnes ! 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 tell me how i can comfort you . ' 
 ` i do n't want your comfort , mama , ' agnes said resolutely under her breath . 
 ` all i want is for frances to be put back in her place . ' 
 agnes then got to her feet , and stalked away , leaving the air behind her suffused with the sweet scent of rose water and echoes of tinkling bracelets on her gloved wrists . 
 she was , in fact , so determined to leave the ball-room that she momentarily forgot about the now solitary figure of george brearly , positioned in the doorway . 
 the unpleasant discovery made the colour drain away from her face , but to her credit , she was able to keep her eyes averted and her head held high . 
 unfortunately for her , george had no intention of letting her pass , and thrusting his arm out across the doorway , he prevented her exit . 
 ` get out of the way , george brearly , ' she commanded . 
 ` having a good evening are we ? ' 
 he replied , pretending to ignore her acerbic tone . 
 agnes tucked a fallen ringlet behind her ear , and taking a deep breath , she bravely transferred her gaze to his . 
 ` i 'm having the time of my life , ' she lied , ` now let me pass . ' 
 ` liar . 
 now , what 's the magic word ? ' 
 ` imbecile , now move aside . ' 
 ` a pleasing effort , ' george came back with , ` but i 'm afraid it 's not the right word . 
 would you care to try again ? ' 
 ` the only thing i care about , at this point in time , is getting away from you . ' 
 the taunting smile on george 's lips began to melt away . 
 ` now , now , miss wentworth . 
 there 's no need to be so disagreeable . ' 
 agnes faltered and george soon pounced on her silence . 
 ` let 's change the subject , before you unleash your magnificent temper on me . 
 let 's talk about your mother and the heated discussion you were just having with her . ' 
 ` please , george , just let me through . ' 
 ` i see . 
 another less delicate subject , perhaps . ' 
 he inclined his head , as if he was deep in thought . 
 ` i know , how about i tell you all about the eventful evening i 've had tonight . ' 
 when agnes made no word of protest , he went on . 
 ` firstly , your bewitching cousin insulted me while we were dancing , then my brother made a spectacle of himself by dancing with his fiancée 's cousin and not his fiancée , and last of all , my dear nephew jack got into some scrape with one of the neighbour 's children . 
 he stole her piece of chocolate cake , or some such nonsense . 
 it was quite tense there at one point , until i gave jack some suggestions on how to handle members of the opposite sex . ' 
 there was a flicker of amusement about his lips . 
 ` and what makes you think that you 're qualified to teach him such things ? 
 if you ask me for my opinion , you 're the last person in the world to be giving advice about women . 
 you are the most childish , insensitive person i have ever had the misfortune to meet . ' 
 ` yes , yes , i 've heard all this before . ' 
 ` and what is more , george brearly , you have absolutely no understanding of women . ' 
 ` i beg your pardon , ' he retorted indignantly . 
 ` that is simply not true . 
 i consider myself to be an expert in women 's feelings . ' 
 he ignored the sound of agnes 's scoffing and continued to glare at her with penetrating eyes . 
 ` i know only too well the true nature of womankind . 
 i have been witness to the games they play . 
 i see their impetuosity , their deviousness , their fickleness and , most importantly , i have witnessed first hand , woman 's innate ability to torment men . ' 
 agnes gasped in disbelief . 
 ` we torment men ? ' 
 she repeated . 
 ` george brearly , how can you say such things ? 
 and yet you say it so unreservedly ! 
 i am quite appalled ! ' 
 she shook her head in incredulity . 
 ` how wrong you are ! 
 i should say that it is the other way around . 
 men torment women -- now , i wo n't ask you again . 
 get out of the way . ' 
 george reluctantly let his arm drop , but no sooner had agnes moved forward , he caught hold of one of her hands , and drew her nearer to him . 
 ` i 'll let you go this once , agnes wentworth , ' george murmured into her ear , ` but never again . ' 
 agnes 's bottom lip dropped open in amazement , and it was some time before she was able to regain her composure . 
 once her breathing had settled into its habitual regularity , she looked up into his eyes and read the message that he wanted her alone to read . 
 he made no attempt to disguise his meaning . 
 the only thing now that was unclear was the ambiguity of her own feelings . 
 chapter thirty seven taken by surprise to the distant serenade of trilling insects and whispering leaves , frances stood on the ground floor back verandah at wintersleigh , staring out vaguely into the humid summer night . 
 in the room behind her about a dozen ball guests were helping themselves to a late night supper , george brearly being the most conspicuous amongst the small crowd . 
 by frances 's reckoning , he had already consumed two plates ' worth of food , and was embarking on filling up his third . 
 frances could n't help but notice the look of concentration on his face , as his hands , replete with serving tongs , delved into the platters of assorted cold meats and seafood . 
 during a rare moment of indecision , he even denuded a salver of its garnish -lrb- a large sprig of parsley -rrb- and despite disapproving looks from his fellow diners , munched on it unconcernedly . 
 in the meantime , the year 1894 was swiftly drawing to a close . 
 only fifteen minutes remained , and while the wintersleigh clocks counted down the final minutes and seconds of the year , frances began thinking about her future , something that was never that far from her mind . 
 on the face of it , her immediate prospects were not bright . 
 she was yet to find work in hobart , her adored mother had just sent frances confirmation of the wedding date , and she was living in a house with the haughty agnes wentworth , a young woman who took every opportunity of avoiding her . 
 when frances recalled the long list of her cousin 's offences against her , she wondered how a man like michael brearly could possibly love her . 
 was there a lighter side to agnes that frances had not yet seen ? 
 frances rested her elbows on the railing , and covered her face with her gloved hands . 
 behind her closed lids an image of the doctor rose up before her . 
 it was n't exactly a memory , more of a daydream , and in the fleeting few minutes that the fantasy lasted , michael was dancing with her once more , in an empty ballroom , with both arms about her waist . 
 the sound of creaking verandah floorboards beside her heralded the arrival of another person , and frances woke from her dream with a guilty start . 
 to her surprise , the visitor was george brearly , holding a plate of scallops in one hand , and two champagne glasses in the other . 
 ` well , well , ' he cried , with no small degree of triumph , ` i have found you at last ! 
 miss frances norwood , standing out here , all alone in the dark . ' 
 frances quickly stepped back from the verandah . 
 ` i just needed some peace and quiet , ' she explained , ` and a little time to clear my head . ' 
 ` how odd you are , frances ! 
 quite the duffer ! 
 while everyone else is enjoying themselves in the supper room , me included , you are standing here all alone , enjoying the company of the night air . ' 
 his eyes began dancing with amusement . 
 ` still , here you are . 
 rather , here we are . ' 
 he winked provocatively at her . 
 ` have a glass of champagne , ' he announced , thrusting one of the glasses into frances 's hand . 
 ` you look as though you could do with something . ' 
 as he leaned over , however , he upset the contents of his plate , causing a scallop to slip off the plate and onto the verandah . 
 ` damn and botheration ! 
 there goes another one ! ' 
 frances smiled and accepted the glass gratefully . 
 ` so , ' she began hesitantly , ` you 've finally forgiven me . 
 i thought at one point that you were going to avoid me for the rest of the evening . ' 
 ` come , come , ' george replied smilingly , ` what was there for me to forgive ? 
 you were only speaking your mind . 
 that 's what i like about you , frances . 
 you say what has to be said . ' 
 he took a loud slurp from his glass . 
 ` besides , ' he resumed more seriously , ` i wanted to dance with you later on , but you seemed to be constantly engaged . ' 
 ` oh yes , well you can blame my aunt for that . 
 i do n't know what got into her this evening , but she seemed doubly determined to throw me into the path of every bachelor in the room . 
 at one point she literally grabbed hold of my arm , and pushed me in front of one of her unattached neighbours . 
 it was mortifying . ' 
 ` perhaps so , but you did n't need much persuasion dancing with my brother , did you ? 
 you consented to him very readily . ' 
 frances was jarred by the tone of george 's voice . 
 ` he asked me to dance , george . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 refuse the hand of a gentleman ? 
 anyway , ' frances added more calmly , ` i was discussing my aunt , not your brother . ' 
 ` fair enough . ' 
 ` why do married women pity single women ? ' 
 frances suddenly asked . 
 ` what makes them think that we deserve sympathy ? 
 they must think that a woman can only be happy if she is married . 
 then they take it upon themselves to match-make . 
 it infuriates me . ' 
 ` perhaps your aunt thinks that you are lonely . ' 
 ` everyone gets lonely at some point , even married women . 
 in fact , now that i come to think about it , some of the loneliest people i know are married . ' 
 ` well said . 
 well said indeed , but tell me this , frances , ' he said , stepping dangerously close to her , ` have you ever been in love ? ' 
 the question , not surprisingly , caught frances off guard , and she almost dropped her glass of champagne . 
 ` i beg your pardon , george , ' she began indignantly , ` i do n't think , rather , i think it very improper of you to ask me such a question . 
 you can not possibly expect me to answer . ' 
 ` not at all , ' george whispered . 
 ` your eyes have just told me everything i needed to know . ' 
 frances was struck dumb . 
 ` i , i think i should leave now . 
 i , i think it best all round . ' 
 she turned to leave , but before she could move , she felt george 's lips pressing up against hers . 
 the sensation of kissing was new to frances , and having suppressed her initial feelings of repulsion , she closed her eyes with a determination to enjoy the experience while it lasted . 
 but she could not . 
 her body was frozen with fear and shame , and no amount of george 's hungry kisses could melt her cold and unresponsive lips . 
 before she could distance herself from george 's touch , a familiar voice stopped them both in their tracks . 
 chapter thirty eight an ultimatum ` and what do we have here ? ' 
 agnes wentworth drawled . 
 ` george brearly with my infamous cousin . ' 
 she smiled as frances hurriedly pulled away from george . 
 ` oh please , frances , do n't let me stop you . ' 
 she gave them a monitory look . 
 a red-faced frances guiltily covered her lips with a hand . 
 ` i , i think i have had too much to drink , ' she stammered . 
 ` i , i think i should go . ' 
 she made a move to leave , but agnes prevented her escape by standing in her way . 
 ` excuse me , agnes , ' frances said , ` but i really should be going . 
 my aunt will be wondering where i am . ' 
 ` oh , you 're not going anywhere , ' agnes smilingly declared . 
 ` we need to talk , and i 'm not letting you out of my sight until we have . ' 
 she leant elegantly against the verandah railing , and while the gentle breeze tickled her fringe , she carefully began removing her gloves . 
 ` agnes , ' george interposed , ` leave her alone . 
 we were only having a bit of fun . ' 
 agnes looked up from her gloves , and raised one of her neatly manicured eyebrows . 
 ` fun ? 
 hmm , i wonder whether my mother would share your opinion on that . 
 what do you think she would say if i told her about your , shall we say , interlude . ' 
 ` you would n't , ' george challenged her . 
 ` you would n't dare . ' 
 agnes 's dark eyes flashed triumphantly . 
 ` i would n't hesitate for one second , george brearly . 
 i do n't owe you anything . 
 and as for you , ' agnes said , turning abruptly to frances , ` nothing would give me more pleasure than informing my mother of your attachment with mr brearly . 
 she would be so displeased with you , that i daresay she would pack your bags for you . ' 
 frances 's uneasiness began to mount . 
 ` i , i 've already explained this to you , agnes . 
 i had too much to drink , that is all . 
 the moment got the better of me . ' 
 ` what are you saying , frances ? ' 
 george grumbled . 
 ` you have n't touched a drop all night . ' 
 for a fleeting moment frances wondered who her real enemy was , and looking down at the glass of champagne she was still holding onto , she noticed that her hand was visibly shaking . 
 ` the countdown to the new year begins shortly , agnes , so i wo n't detain you . 
 perhaps we can have this discussion at another time , when we do n't have an audience , and when you 're more in control of your temper . ' 
 ` do n't you lecture me about my behaviour , frances norwood , ' agnes snarled . 
 ` i 'm not the one who was caught cavorting with a young man , and i was n't the one who danced all night with her cousin 's fiancé . 
 speaking of my fiancé , i wonder what he would say about your burgeoning relationship with his brother . ' 
 frances froze , but said nothing . 
 ` in view of the warning he gave you about george , i suspect the news would not be altogether welcome to him . ' 
 ` agnes , ' george interrupted , ` do n't make mischief . 
 besides , what would louisa and michael think if i told them that you were spying on people in the middle of the night ? ' 
 he took a sip of champagne and smiled at agnes from over the rim of his glass . 
 ` by jove ! 
 what is wrong with you ? ' 
 he quipped . 
 ` do n't you have a life of your own ? ' 
 ` do n't bring me into this . 
 i 'm not the one at fault . ' 
 ` yes , yes , ' he returned , ` you 're still harping on the same string . 
 if you continue at this rate , we wo n't be able to see in the new year . ' 
 ` well go on then ! ' 
 agnes spat . 
 ` leave , if you feel you must ! 
 i 'm not asking you to stay ! ' 
 george exhaled a long , disconsolate sigh , and with a loud ` clink , ' placed his champagne glass on the verandah railing . 
 he then announced his intention of staying by resting his back against the railing , and preoccupying himself with the sleeve of his coat . 
 ` make it quick , agnes , ' george muttered . 
 ` if we miss the countdown , we 'll arouse suspicion . 
 someone will come looking for us . ' 
 ` good ! ' 
 agnes said derisively . 
 ` the sooner everyone knows about this , the better . ' 
 frances read the meaning in her cousin 's words , and realised that , for agnes , the word ` everyone ' meant ` michael brearly . ' 
 for a moment she could n't decide what was worse : having her cousin witness to her imprudence , or michael finding out about it . 
 either way , her future rested precariously in agnes 's hands . 
 ` what do you want ? ' 
 frances eventually asked . 
 ` what is it that you want from me ? ' 
 agnes 's smile broadened . 
 ` i should have thought that was obvious . ' 
 the distant sound of hilarity caught frances 's attention , and she anxiously glanced towards the back door . 
 ` tell me , agnes , ' she demanded . 
 ` what must i do to keep you silent on this matter ? ' 
 ` leave wintersleigh . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 frances gasped . 
 ` agnes , ' george interposed , ` what the blazes are you talking about ? ' 
 ` that 's all you have to do , frances , ' agnes replied , stepping menacingly towards her cousin . 
 ` leave wintersleigh and i 'll completely forget about what happened here tonight . 
 michael and mother will be none the wiser , your precious little reputation will be intact , and without you to interfere in our lives , i daresay we 'll all live happily ever after . ' 
 ` what you 're asking is impossible , ' frances breathed . 
 ` come on , agnes , ' george whispered urgently , ` think about what you 're saying here . 
 what would frances do ? 
 where would she live ? ' 
 ` frances is an enterprising young woman . 
 i 'm sure she will land on her feet , somewhere or with someone . 
 either way , it 's no matter to me . ' 
 as the jubilant sounds of celebration grew ever louder , frances realised with dismay that the guests were assembling in the ballroom for the countdown . 
 it would only be a matter of time before a search group was sent to look for the missing members of the party : a group that would almost certainly include michael brearly . 
 frances returned her attention to her cousin 's imperious face , and for a transient moment , a surge of hatred pulsed through her . 
 ` how can i trust you , after the way you have already treated me ? ' 
 frances asked agnes . 
 ` how do i know you will keep your word ? ' 
 ` quite frankly , ' agnes resumed coldly , ` i would do anything to be rid of you . 
 if that means withholding information from the people who are most dear to me , to preserve their good opinion of you , then yes , i 'm prepared to do it . 
 i give you my word . 
 on michael 's life . ' 
 this last comment stung frances into an initial silence . 
 ` very well , ' she said , ` i will consider your proposal . 
 you shall have my answer tomorrow morning . 
 now , if you 'll both excuse me , ' she said in a quavering voice , ` i 'm going back inside . ' 
 she thrust the champagne glass back into george 's hands , and without waiting for his response , set off towards the back door . 
 she had not taken three paces when george 's voice reached her ears . 
 ` frances ! ' 
 he called out to her . 
 ` what about your champagne ? 
 what about the countdown ? ' 
 frances ignored his questions , and hurried her steps across the verandah . 
 she was so ashamed of what had just taken place that nothing could induce her to remain for the festivities . 
 before she knew it , she had entered the house , and her ears were quickly filled with the buzz of conversation and jollity . 
 from the voices around her , she gathered the countdown was about to begin , and by the time she pushed her way through the blurred throngs of unfamiliar people to get to the foot of the steps , the countdown had begun in earnest . 
 never before had frances felt so alone and vulnerable , and as she clambered blindly up the staircase , she became aware that the colours around her were becoming garish and threatening , and that the downstairs noise , particularly the laughter , was growing increasingly louder . 
 for a brief moment she was inclined to believe that everyone was laughing at her , and placing her hands over her ears , she hurried down the hallway towards her bedroom . 
 she entered her room and was just about to close the door when the distant and resounding cries of : ` happy new year ! ' 
 reached her ears . 
 frances grimaced , slammed the door and pitched herself onto her bed . 
 having convinced herself that the new year ahead would be the worst ever , she promptly burst into a violent round of tears . 
 chapter thirty nine an announcement frances did not return downstairs for the rest of the new year 's celebrations ; a fact that did not escape the collective attention of the wintersleigh party . 
 her noticeable absence , had in fact , set the tongues of the party wagging , and no sooner had the ball guests left wintersleigh , than they began speculating on frances 's whereabouts , and , more importantly , on why she had left . 
 george and agnes , of course , were the only ones privy to the answers , but they were both determined to keep quiet . 
 frances was discovered by a servant , a short time later , soundly asleep on top of her bed , still dressed in her ball gown . 
 her slippers and jewellery were strewn carelessly about the floor , and even her tiny nosegay , once pinned to her gown , was now lying discarded amid its own broken petals on a nearby mantelpiece . 
 this forlorn sight heightened the party 's curiosity , but it was late , or rather early in the morning , and everyone agreed that the question of frances 's absence could wait until later in the morning . 
 it was time for bed , and it was to their beds that they gratefully went . 
 frances did not appear at breakfast that morning , nor was she seen at morning tea . 
 according to the servants , she had gone out for a ramble with her cousin charlotte , and both women were n't expected back until luncheon . 
 louisa seemed unconcerned by the length of frances 's absence , and explained to michael that it was not uncommon for frances to go for long walks and rides by herself . 
 in spite of louisa 's explanation , michael did not sway in his opinion . 
 he sensed frances 's unwillingness to be with the party , and vowed to speak with her as soon as she returned home . 
 unfortunately for michael , he was summoned to one of his patients just before luncheon , and shortly after his departure from wintersleigh , frances returned from her walk . 
 michael 's patient , meanwhile , had taken a turn for the worst , which necessitated michael 's attendance for the rest of new year 's day . 
 it was only once he was safely back home at rosewood , that he realised he had n't had an opportunity to speak with frances . 
 again , he undertook to do this , as soon as he was able . 
 when frances woke the following morning she discovered a letter waiting for her on her bedside table . 
 she knew exactly who this note was from , and as soon as her eyes had adjusted themselves to the morning light , she snatched the envelope , and tore it open with resolute fingers . 
 in another moment she had greedily devoured the contents of the hand written message . 
 this reply to her earlier letter was everything frances had hoped for , yet everything she had ever feared . 
 for some time after reading it she was divided between smiles and tears , but after a great deal of thought , she decided that the news was more favourable than unfavourable . 
 her only concern now was the effect this letter would have upon her aunt . 
 she decided to break the news to louisa immediately . 
 frances rose from her bed , dressed , then made her way down stairs . 
 she soon discovered louisa alone in the drawing room . 
 after greeting her , frances tentatively made her announcement . 
 as she had expected , louisa bore the news badly . 
 ` leaving ? ' 
 louisa shrieked . 
 ` what do you mean you are leaving wintersleigh this morning ? ' 
 ` i think it 's time for me to move on . ' 
 ` move on ? ' 
 repeated her aunt , who at this point was beginning to look unsteady on her feet . 
 ` this is your home now , frances . 
 why would you want to leave ? ' 
 ` i 've given this a great deal of thought , aunt wentworth . 
 as much as you 've tried to make me feel welcome , i do n't belong here . 
 i 'm painfully aware of it . ' 
 ` stuff and nonsense ! 
 family is family , and you are part of it , whether you like it or not . ' 
 ` i know , aunt and i realise it . 
 i 'm very grateful for what this family has done for me . ' 
 ` is that so ? ' 
 louisa retaliated . 
 ` and is this how you show your gratitude ? 
 by leaving me ? ' 
 ` well , yes . 
 i suppose it is . 
 by leaving wintersleigh , i 'm making everyone 's life easier . ' 
 ` and what makes you think that ? ' 
 ` well for a start , agnes 's wedding is next month . 
 i 'm sure i would only be in the way . ' 
 ` an absurd assumption . ' 
 ` and second , ' frances went on , ` by leaving you now , i would be causing you no further embarrassment . ' 
 she hesitated . 
 ` i am , of course , referring to that episode at rosewood , and the tennis match . 
 naturally these things were done unintentionally , but nevertheless , i 've shamed you . ' 
 louisa 's face darkened . 
 ` and what do you think you will be doing when you leave ? 
 what will everyone think when they discover that you have left ? ' 
 her voice echoed around the room . 
 ` they will blame me for it , frances ! 
 they will think that i drove you from the house ! ' 
 ` then i 'll tell them it 's not so . ' 
 ` i will never be able to live this down , ' louisa remarked , paying no heed to frances 's words . 
 ` why could you not have discussed this with me first ? ' 
 ` because i knew you 'd disapprove . ' 
 ` this is your revenge , is n't it ? ' 
 louisa asked after a pause . 
 she continued to watch frances with incisive eyes . 
 ` this is your revenge for the way i used to treat your mother . ' 
 ` no , ' frances said , rather too quickly . 
 ` it 's not revenge . 
 i assure you that that is not my intention . 
 by quitting wintersleigh , i had hoped to lessen your embarrassment , not occasion it . ' 
 louisa scoffed at this remark . 
 ` since when have you had considerations for my feelings ? 
 you are a most self-centred , ungenerous and unfeeling girl , and i am wholeheartedly ashamed of you . 
 my beloved agnes would never do such a thing to me . 
 unlike you , she is an exceedingly dutiful and respectful daughter . ' 
 ` but -- ' ` do not interrupt me , frances ! ' 
 louisa barked . 
 a long pause then ensued , in which time louisa found herself a chair and collapsed into it . 
 closing her eyes , she drew one hand to her breast and the other to her head . 
 ` and where do you intend going ? ' 
 she asked , without opening her eyes . 
 ` are you returning to your mother ? ' 
 ` no , i 'm not . 
 mrs edwina ballard has offered me a situation at riverview , and i 've accepted it . 
 the arrangements have just been finalised . ' 
 ` edwina ! ' 
 louisa clamoured . 
 she rose shakily to her feet . 
 ` no , this will not do ! 
 i will not permit it . 
 i will not allow you to enter such a household ! ' 
 frances was taken aback by the intensity of hatred in her aunt 's voice , but she made her reply regardless . 
 ` it 's too late for that , aunt wentworth , ' she interjected boldly . 
 ` i 'm leaving now , this very minute in fact . 
 that way , we wo n't say other things that we 'll later regret . ' 
 ` i have said nothing so far which i regret , ' said louisa , turning away coldly . 
 ` and one more thing , frances , ' louisa added with slow deliberation , ` if you walk out of that door now , i will see to it that you are never admitted into this house again . ' 
 frances recoiled . 
 she had not anticipated such resolve from her aunt , and she found herself utterly unprepared for the eventuality of being permanently expelled from wintersleigh . 
 she momentarily lost her courage . 
 while she faltered , she heard her aunt 's voice in the background . 
 ` it is your choice , ' louisa was saying . 
 ` riverview or wintersleigh . ' 
 ` why are you doing this to me ? ' 
 frances asked , without referring to her aunt 's proposition . 
 ` i thought i was doing you a favour by leaving . 
 obviously i was wrong . ' 
 ` yes , frances . 
 you were wrong . 
 i am , nonetheless , a forgiving woman , and i will give you a chance to redeem yourself . 
 if you apologise to me now , and agree to remain here with me , i will endeavour to forget this morning 's little episode . ' 
 frances smiled scornfully , but made no immediate reply . 
 in her mind , her decision had already been made , but still she wavered between hostility and civility . 
 she opted for civility . 
 ` i 'm sorry that it has come to this , aunt wentworth , ' she said coolly . 
 ` i had no intention of offending you . 
 as for your ultimatum , i must tell you that my plans remain unchanged . 
 after the way you have spoken to me just now , how could i possibly change my mind ? 
 after your insults , nothing could entice me to stay here . ' 
 she made a move to leave the room , but half-way across it she was stopped in her tracks by her aunt 's words . 
 ` very well , ' louisa retorted in a strangled voice . 
 ` leave by all means . 
 but mark my words , frances , you are never to step foot in this household again . ' 
 her eyes shone defiantly . 
 ` do you hear me ? ' 
 she demanded with sudden ferocity . 
 ` never again ! ' 
 she turned her back on her niece and gazed away into vacancy . 
 frances sensed the finality in her aunt 's words , and knew that there was nothing more she could possibly say on the subject . 
 she hastily left the room . 
 chapter forty a new beginning upstairs in her old bedroom , a tearful frances gathered together her few treasured possessions and clothes , and bundled them into a small case . 
 after passing agnes 's bedroom , she descended the stairs . 
 at the foot of the stairs , however , she paused briefly , and took one final look around wintersleigh , the house she had called ` home ' for the last few weeks . 
 for the sake of her own fragile emotions , she did not allow herself to remain behind , and after placing her straw hat on her head , she exited the house , setting forth on her long walk to the ferry terminal . 
 as frances traipsed down wintersleigh 's entrance drive , lined with overshadowing eucalypt trees , her mind began to drift , and her ears began echoing with her aunt 's cruel and insulting words . 
 these words served only to heighten her resolve , and she tightened her grip on the handle of her case . 
 in less than a quarter of an hour she had reached the junction to the bellerive bound road ; a brief stretch of road shaded by a luscious green canopy of leaves . 
 in the cool shade of the trees , frances set her case down and looked about her . 
 around her , the languid summer air , perfumed with the scent of grass , soon imbued her with a strange feeling of calm . 
 soon , all thoughts of her aunt and wintersleigh swiftly dissolved . 
 almost an hour later , and with only a short distance left to walk , frances spotted a pony carriage juddering up ahead on the road , coming towards her with great celerity . 
 as she had done all morning , she migrated to the side of the road to let the vehicle pass , but this time it did not . 
 if anything , it was slowing down . 
 memories of her earlier bicycling escapade returned to haunt her , and for one unpleasant moment she thought the man she had encountered several weeks back , had returned to ridicule her . 
 she then reminded herself that her bicycle was safely lodged at wintersleigh , and unless someone took offence to her walking alone , no-one could have just cause to insult her . 
 frances strained her eyes through the diffused glare of the sun to see what was happening , but at that moment the horse and carriage were momentarily enshrouded in a plume of dirt and dust . 
 in the next second , a tempestuous gust of wind lifted her hat from her head , and hurled it carelessly into the roadside ditch . 
 without thinking , she leapt forward to retrieve it , but a shout of warning from the male driver , made her think twice , and she prudently took a step backwards . 
 suddenly , through the swirling roadside dust , the statuesque figure of doctor michael brearly emerged . 
 in one hand he was holding the reins of his horse , and in the other he held her battered hat . 
 ` god in heaven ! ' 
 he exclaimed . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 frances was equally astounded to see the doctor , and for some moments the right words eluded her . 
 ` i 'm leaving , ' she announced . 
 she then leant forward to reclaim her hat . 
 she could not bring herself to look at him , and dropping her case at her feet , busied herself with fastening her hat back onto her head . 
 the portmanteau beside frances 's feet caught michael 's attention , and he studied it with a look of consternation . 
 ` correct me if i 'm wrong , miss norwood , but that looks like a travelling case . ' 
 ` you 're perfectly correct in your observation , doctor brearly , ' frances replied , ` and it contains all my worldly possessions . 
 i , i have just left wintersleigh , you see . 
 for the last time , it would appear . ' 
 michael 's mouth dropped . 
 ` surely you 're not serious ? ' 
 ` i 'm afraid i am . 
 my aunt and i have just had a dreadful quarrel . 
 consequently , she has banished me from the house . ' 
 michael listened composedly , but said nothing . 
 he simply watched her in a silent state of disbelief . 
 at one point frances thought she glimpsed a new expression pass across his face , but it was so disguised and so fleeting , that she did not have time to read it . 
 it was n't quite the reaction she had expected , and unable to bear the uncomfortable silence for another moment , frances bade him a curt farewell , and set off once more down the road . 
 she had only managed to take three steps before she heard the doctor call out her name . 
 she faltered , but she dared not turn around . 
 ` miss norwood , ' michael repeated with more urgency . 
 ` please , wait . ' 
 he stepped closer to her . 
 still , she did not turn around . 
 ` i , i do n't understand , ' he stammered . 
 ` i just do n't understand . ' 
 frances could feel him by her side . 
 she turned to face him and their eyes met . 
 this time there was no mistaking the expression in his eyes . 
 they were filled with pain and confusion . 
 ` what happened ? 
 why did you quarrel ? ' 
 frances vacillated . 
 ` i made a decision that my aunt did n't agree with . 
 she begged me to change my mind , and when i did n't , she asked me to leave the house . ' 
 ` louisa , as you know , has a very quick temper , ' michael explained , ` and often speaks before she thinks . 
 perhaps you should wait for a day or so until she has calmed down . 
 i daresay that by the end of two days everything will be as it was . ' 
 ` i wish i could share your optimism , but i do n't . 
 even if she did offer to take me back , i would refuse her without hesitation . 
 she offended me deeply , and as far as i can see , i did nothing to warrant such abuse . ' 
 michael nibbled his lip thoughtfully . 
 beside him , his horse began to neigh in impatience . 
 ` may i ask you the cause of this argument ? 
 you said that it stemmed from a decision you had made . ' 
 ` yes , that 's right . 
 just before we quarrelled , i informed her of my intention to leave wintersleigh . 
 i had already finalised my preparations to move out . ' 
 ` i do n't understand any of this , ' michael groaned , before running his hand through his hair . 
 ` why leave wintersleigh ? 
 i thought that things had improved . 
 i thought you were happier there . ' 
 ` yes , well i was n't . ' 
 michael studied her carefully . 
 ` i hope , ' he began , ` rather i ... that i. ' he tried speaking for a second time . 
 ` what i 'm trying to say is that i hope i have n't contributed in some way to your decision to leave . ' 
 he noticed the reddening of frances 's cheeks , and he lowered his voice . 
 ` something happened to you on new year 's eve , did n't it ? 
 something that upset you . 
 i could n't find you before the countdown , and then when i asked agnes and george where you were , they told me they had n't seen you since supper . 
 i kept waiting for you to return to the ball-room , but you never did . 
 then you disappeared the next day . 
 i thought it all very odd . ' 
 frances hurriedly stooped down to pick up her case . 
 ` i can see how odd it looks , doctor brearly , but there is a simple explanation . 
 i was listless that evening . 
 nothing more . ' 
 she tucked a fallen strand of hair behind her ear . 
 ` as i seem to recall , i was too tired even to crawl under my bed sheets . ' 
 she feigned a smile . 
 ` there is nothing for you to be alarmed about . 
 the decision to leave was mine to make , and mine alone . 
 now please , i beg you , do not ask me any more questions . 
 i have a ferry to catch at bellerive , and at this rate , i will miss it . ' 
 michael watched her for a moment then turned away . 
 ` all right , i shall let you be . 
 but please , just answer me this one last question . 
 where are you going ? ' 
 ` i , i ca n't tell you , ' frances replied , beginning to walk off . 
 ` why ? ' 
 michael cried . 
 he abandoned the horse and buggy to follow her . 
 ` why ca n't you tell me ? 
 i thought we were friends . ' 
 ` we are friends , ' frances assured him , ` but sometimes there are things one ought not to know . ' 
 michael kept a polite silence , but inside his mind , he doubted such sentiments . 
 ` all i will say is that i have decided to make a new life for myself . ' 
 ` so you 're leaving hobart ? ' 
 ` no , not at all . 
 i intend to remain here . ' 
 ` then , will i get to see you ? ' 
 he asked , abruptly taking hold of her arm . 
 frances stopped walking . 
 she looked up at the doctor , and noticed that his face looked tense . 
 his breathing seemed irregular , and there was agitation in his eyes . 
 ` i do n't know , ' she lied . 
 ` possibly . ' 
 she turned away from michael 's shrewd glance . 
 ` i must go , ' frances said , feeling a rising anguish . 
 ` goodbye , doctor brearly , and take care . ' 
 ` no , wait ! 
 please wait . 
 at least let me drive you to the terminal . ' 
 not wanting to miss her ferry , frances willingly accepted his offer . 
 the journey to bellerive was a silent and rather awkward one , and grew increasingly so , when , at the terminal , michael insisted on escorting frances on the ferry to hobart . 
 again she reluctantly let herself be persuaded , and once the doctor 's conveyance was secured in nearby stables , they made their way to the ferry . 
 by the time the ferry reached the wharf in hobart , mount wellington , and much of the town , was shrouded by grey , low-lying clouds . 
 the gloomy weather did nothing to improve frances 's spirits , and as she walked up elizabeth street , into the heart of town , she felt her trepidation increase . 
 riverview was getting closer with every second , as was her new life without michael brearly . 
 frances turned tentatively towards the doctor . 
 it had just started to rain and he was trying to open his umbrella . 
 frances smiled at the look of determination on his handsome face as he grappled with the recalcitrant device , and for some moments she doubted whether she could leave him . 
 the umbrella , however , eventually decided to behave itself , and michael placed it over frances 's head , to shield her from the elements . 
 despite frances 's second thoughts , she allowed michael to walk her to the tram stop , which was positioned at the corner of elizabeth and macquarie streets . 
 there was no-one else at the stopping-place when they reached it , and for several awkward moments they were forced to stand together in virtual silence . 
 above them , the rain plashed down on top of michael 's umbrella , and in the distance , a street echoed with the sound of horses ' hooves . 
 ` well , ' the doctor began at length , ` i suppose this is it . ' 
 frances stared miserably at the new town-bound tram , as it snaked its way slowly towards her . 
 ` yes , ' she whispered , fixing her eyes to the approaching vehicle . 
 ` i suppose it is . ' 
 the doctor emitted a nervous cough . 
 ` and i do n't even know why . ' 
 frances noticed his voice was tinged with anger , and she cast him a quick , sidelong glance . 
 ` i know this is of no comfort to you now , doctor brearly , but i will tell you one day . ' 
 ` but not just now , ' he broke in rather peevishly . 
 he tightened his grip on the umbrella handle . 
 ` you obviously do n't think i deserve such explanations . ' 
 frances was intrigued by the sudden intensity of his emotion , and again she turned to face him . 
 this time their eyes met . 
 ` i hardly think that 's fair . 
 how can you honestly believe that ? 
 do you think our friendship means nothing to me ? ' 
 michael turned away from frances 's scrutiny , and stepped back as the double-decker electric tram came to a grinding halt in front of them . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he cut in , ` but i have to leave now . ' 
 he looked about him impatiently . 
 ` if i do n't go now , you 'll miss your tram . ' 
 ` but , i , ' frances stammered . 
 ` do n't ... ' ` here , ' he said , thrusting his umbrella into her hands , ` take this . ' 
 frances refused his offer by a shake of the head . 
 ` no , please , ' he insisted . 
 ` have it . 
 i do n't want you to get wet . ' 
 ` but what about you ? ' 
 ` do n't you worry about me , miss norwood , ' he said sadly , ` i 'll get by . ' 
 frances unwillingly took the umbrella , and smiled gratefully as michael assisted her onto the tram . 
 in the next moment , and before she could bid him a final farewell , he was gone . 
 by the time she spotted him , he was half running down the street , with nothing but a hand over his head to protect him from the onslaught of the rain . 
 he did not look back . 
 chapter forty one a notable absence breakfast at wintersleigh was an interesting affair for those who attended it one tuesday morning in mid january . 
 the usual party was there , with , of course , one notable exception . 
 frances 's place was conspicuously left vacant , and no attempt was made to disguise the fact that she had once claimed that place at the table . 
 as each member of the silent group tried desperately not to look at the empty seat before them , a little bird , perched outside on the breakfast room window sill , began twittering . 
 george brearly was the first to hear it , and to the delight of his nephew jack , and the disapproval of the other members at the table , he started to mimic the bird 's tweeting . 
 ` george , ' louisa said , without averting her eyes from her breakfast , ` would you kindly stop that . 
 it is exceedingly irritating , as is your reading the newspaper at the table . ' 
 george fell momentarily silent , then threw his nephew a cheeky grin , a grin that sent jack into hysterics . 
 buoyed by such encouragement , george put down his paper and resumed his bird impressions . 
 ` for heaven 's sake , george ! ' 
 michael upbraided . 
 ` do us all a favour and be quiet ! ' 
 ` by jove ! ' 
 george cried , holding his hands up in mock surrender . 
 ` someone 's in a foul little mood today . 
 a right little stew . ' 
 ` yes , well if you do n't keep your mouth shut , george , ' a disgruntled michael warned , ` you 'll have more to worry about than my foul little mood . ' 
 ` whoo ! 
 there 's no need to resort to threats . ' 
 michael scowled at george , but said nothing . 
 while he distractedly chewed on his devilled kidneys , george snatched up his newspaper from the table , and turned the page as noisily as he could . 
 ` still pining for miss frances norwood are we , michael ? ' 
 george inquired , surveying his brother over the top of the paper . 
 he could n't help noticing michael 's wistful stares towards frances 's vacant seat . 
 down the other end of the table , agnes wentworth gasped and dropped her knife onto her plate . 
 the sharp sound reverberated around the room , and in an instant , every eye was turned upon her . 
 a self-conscious agnes retrieved her knife , and began buttering her bread agitatedly . 
 ` well i do n't know about you , ' george went on , ` but i certainly am . ' 
 again agnes 's hand faltered over her bread . 
 this time , however , she tightened her grip on the butter knife , and kept a dignified silence . 
 ` i know she was only here for a short time , ' george resumed with a cheery determination , ` but i liked her awfully . 
 she did n't have the pluck that i thought she had , but , i suppose , when it comes down to it , we all have our faults . ' 
 ` yes , we do have our faults , george , ' michael ventured . 
 ` yours , for instance , is a nauseating propensity to never stop talking . ' 
 ` well it 's preferable to being a big bore like you , michael , ' george retaliated . 
 ` yes thank you , gentlemen , ' louisa said quickly , casting the two brothers a censuring look . 
 ` i think you have both said enough for the time being , do n't you ? ' 
 no-one answered . 
 ` good , now perhaps we can change the subject . 
 agnes dear , ' she said regarding her daughter with expectant eyes , ` i have been giving the wedding an exceeding amount of thought over the past few days . 
 have you thought any more about the floral arrangements ? 
 i know that you want yellow roses , but i am still inclined to think that orange blossom is more appropriate . 
 it is the traditional flower . 
 charlotte agrees with me , do n't you , dear ? ' 
 charlotte ignored her mother , and continued murmuring to her taciturn husband , who was sitting beside her . 
 agnes wiped her petite red lips with a crisp table napkin then turned towards her mother . 
 ` well to tell you the truth , mama , ' she replied rather petulantly , ` i have n't given it much consideration . ' 
 ` i wonder what that intrepid governess is doing right now , ' george interrupted rather too loudly . 
 ` who cares ? ' 
 agnes suddenly declared in a voice too large for the room . 
 ` after the way she abandoned mama , who cares ? ' 
 she then picked up a fork and began puncturing her boiled egg with a solitary fork prong . 
 once she had sufficiently disfigured her breakfast , she looked up at her mother . 
 ` yes , ' louisa conceded , smiling gratefully at agnes , ` she abandoned me most cruelly . ' 
 ` i wonder where she is though , ' george murmured , folding the newspaper up and setting it down on the table . 
 ` well from all reports , ' charlotte ventured timidly , ` she has settled into her new home tolerably well , and seems in good spirits . ' 
 ` yes , but where is she ? ' 
 george persisted . 
 ` i , i confess , i do n't know , ' charlotte responded . 
 ` i saw her last week in hobart , but she refused to tell me where she was staying . ' 
 ` did she look well ? ' 
 michael heard himself say . 
 ` yes . 
 she looked very well indeed . 
 i have no doubt of her well-being . ' 
 ` thank you , charlotte , ' louisa cut in crisply . 
 ` i think we have heard enough about frances to satisfy our curiosity . 
 that is if there was any to ... ' ` she 's probably desolate without us , ' george volunteered , seemingly oblivious to the conversation going on around him . 
 ` absolutely desolate . ' 
 ` george ! ' 
 louisa cried with a sudden burst of displeasure . 
 ` would you stop interrupting us ! 
 that is twice you have done it in as many minutes . 
 you really are a very disrespectful boy . ' 
 ` a boy ? ' 
 george repeated , pulling a face . 
 he clutched at his chest jokingly , as if he had been shot in the heart . 
 ` oh , i 'm wounded . ' 
 ` i beg your pardon ? ' 
 louisa asked , watching him with apprehension . 
 ` oh never mind , ' george muttered . 
 ` my humour is always wasted on you . 
 your niece , however , would have appreciated that joke . 
 we share a similar witty sense of humour . ' 
 ` right , that is it , ' louisa interjected , rising angrily to her feet . 
 ` i will take no more of this . 
 how many times do i have to tell you ? 
 there is to be no more talk of frances norwood in this house . 
 is that understood ? ' 
 the wintersleigh party stopped eating , and looked up at louisa with astonishment . 
 ` oh how tiresome , ' said george , shaking off pastry crumbs from his napkin . 
 ` what an absurd thing to say . 
 she 's your niece ! 
 your brother 's only child . ' 
 ` so ? ' 
 louisa fired back . 
 ` what difference does that make ? ' 
 ` she 's family . 
 you ca n't just forget about a family member like that . ' 
 ` mind your own business , george , ' agnes cut in . 
 ` we are a close and proud family , and no-one treats us the way that beastly frances did . ' 
 ` what a ninny you are , agnes , ' george asserted , beginning to regard her with penetrating eyes . 
 ` you 're speaking of her as though she 's a criminal . ' 
 agnes bit her lip and said nothing . 
 ` what did she do that was so bad ? 
 did she run away with one of the servants ? 
 did she steal the wentworth family 's silver ? 
 no . 
 she left wintersleigh to seek greener pastures . 
 that is all . 
 why it should constitute a serious breach in the family is beyond my powers of reasoning . ' 
 ` george , ' michael warned , ` agnes is right . 
 this is none of your business , so keep your sticky little beak out of it . ' 
 ` no , ' george answered , ` i think it is my business . ' 
 ` oh ? ' 
 louisa asked , her eyes gleaming with curiosity , ` how so ? ' 
 george turned towards the dowager mistress of wintersleigh . 
 ` this family , ' he began after a long and uncomfortable pause , ` may indeed be very proud , but by the same token , they 're also incredibly unforgiving . 
 take that trifling incident all those years ago . 
 you 've never forgiven me for that , have you ? ' 
 ` trifling incident ? ' 
 louisa reiterated . 
 ` and which one would that be ? 
 if my memory serves me correctly , there were always incidents when you were around . 
 i will never forget the time you set fire to the wintersleigh stables . 
 i think you were fifteen years old at the time . ' 
 george half-smiled . 
 ` what can i say , louisa ? 
 i was an adventurous youth . ' 
 ` you were , and still are , a trouble maker , george brearly , ' louisa declared , as she sank back into her chair , ` and because of you , half the stables were razed to the ground . ' 
 ` and for that i sincerely apologise , but it was ten years ago , by jove ! 
 you still have n't forgiven me for it . ' 
 louisa sniffed resolutely and turned away . 
 ` you 're incredible , ' he said , shaking his head in disbelief . 
 ` and you consider yourself part of a christian family . ' 
 ` we are a christian family ! ' 
 agnes broke in with a sudden fury . 
 ` how dare you question it ! ' 
 ` christians are supposed to forgive , agnes wentworth , ' george observed , folding up his napkin in great agitation . 
 ` this family , however , does not . ' 
 with that final retort , he rose from his chair and began moving toward the door . 
 half-way across the room though , he faltered , and turning back towards the breakfast table , caught a glimpse of his half-eaten breakfast . 
 in the next moment he returned to the table , and in one skilful swoop , reclaimed his pork pie . 
 before louisa could protest , he had disappeared into the distant realms of the house . 
 ` and where does he think he is going with that ? ' 
 louisa asked , just as the door slammed . 
 ` leave him , louisa , ' michael said , loosening his necktie . 
 ` he will scatter crumbs everywhere , ' she said tearfully . 
 ` and i have just had the floor cleaned . ' 
 after reassurances from the remainder of the party , louisa was at last silenced , but in no way was she appeased . 
 george brearly had insulted her family yet again , and that was not an indignity to be borne lightly . 
 this , she decided , was an offence that could never be forgiven , and it was now impossible for george brearly to ever reassert his position in her good opinion . 
 trembling with rage , she rose unsteadily from the table . 
 she apologised for her bad manners , before hastily leaving the room . 
 after her abrupt departure , the remaining party gloomily dispersed into the safety of the drawing room . 
 ` why does everyone always fight , daddy ? ' 
 jack asked , as his father carried him on his shoulders out of the dining room . 
 ` everyone 's always fighting . ' 
 jack had indeed voiced what everyone was thinking . 
 it was true . 
 the families were always arguing . 
 later that afternoon , once the animosity between the families had lessened , the wintersleigh party removed themselves to rosewood , where they were to have an enjoyable , and relatively incident free afternoon tea , followed by a casual stroll throughout the grounds of rosewood . 
 after wiling away the afternoon , the party headed back to the house . 
 thomas maycroft was the straggler amongst the group , and by the time he reached the back door , everyone else had gone , except for michael . 
 up until now the sight of his brother-in-law had never aroused michael 's interest , but as he watched the lone figure of thomas shuffle his way to the house , he was suddenly struck by thomas 's odd appearance . 
 his shoulders were slumped forward , his hands were uncharacteristically thrust into his pockets , and in the fading light michael noticed the enormous rings under thomas 's eyes . 
 from where michael was standing , thomas looked positively old and haggard . 
 michael waited for his brother-in-law to join him , and once they were together , michael addressed him . 
 ` are you well , thomas ? ' 
 he asked gently . 
 ` it 's just that you have been rather subdued of late . ' 
 ` you 've asked me this before . 
 i am perfectly all right . ' 
 ` have you been sleeping well ? 
 i 'm afraid you look tired . ' 
 ` no matter , ' thomas replied rather tersely . 
 ` i 'll have plenty of time for sleeping , later on . ' 
 michael raised his eyebrows inquiringly . 
 he did n't pretend to understand what thomas meant by that remark , but continued on regardless . 
 ` i eventually apologised to jack , ' he ventured . 
 ` in fact i had a few words with him last week . ' 
 thomas made no comment on this . 
 ` i 'm making every conceivable effort to be more patient and tolerant with him . 
 we 're on better terms already . 
 i have n't found one dismembered creature in my bed since that time . ' 
 he attempted a smile , but thomas did not return it . 
 ` very well , i will leave you to it . 
 you clearly have other things on your mind . ' 
 he made a move to turn away , but for some reason changed his mind . 
 ` look , thomas , ' he added , ` if there 's anything you want to discuss with me , i 'd be happy to listen . 
 i know we have n't been on the best of terms recently , but i 'd like to think that you could talk to me if there was a problem . 
 if you 're not comfortable talking to me , i can thoroughly recommend charlotte . 
 she is a wonderful listener . ' 
 again thomas made no answer . 
 mistaking this for mere surliness , michael shrugged his shoulders and entered the house . 
 a short time later , when thomas was no-where to be seen , michael caught sight of his brother-in-law through the window . 
 to his concern , thomas was standing motionlessly , exactly where michael had left him outside . 
 his hands were still in his pockets , and he was looking steadfastly down at the ground . 
 chapter forty two an ` unpromising boy ' the news of thomas maycroft 's death , a week later at rosewood house , was received by those who knew him , with a universal feeling of deep shock and regret . 
 that he died by his own hand , naturally made matters worse for his immediate family and acquaintances , and did nothing to quell the endless curiosities aroused by such a quick and tragic end . 
 while funeral arrangements were hastily being organised , local gossip flourished , along with a stream of objectionable questions , which no-one apparently could answer with any certainty . 
 how he died , it seemed , was the most asked question , and although rumour mongers claimed that mr maycroft had drowned himself , other people more closely associated with the wentworth family , declared that the poor man had taken a lethal combination of alcohol and sleeping draught . 
 amid such indelicate speculation , the newly orphaned jack maycroft bore the news of his father 's death with an unusual degree of cheerfulness . 
 fearing that the child did not understand his father 's sad predicament , agnes and louisa tried in vain to explain what ` death ' meant , but despite such efforts , jack persisted in asking the same dreaded question , ` where is daddy ? ' 
 as to jack 's welfare and future in hobart , it was unanimously decided that jack should remain at rosewood , until the reading of the will had taken place . 
 this arrangement pleased jack considerably , as it gave him the opportunity to spend more time with his favourite uncle , george , and michael 's two kittens , clawed and furgus . 
 just prior to the funeral , new and more distasteful information began to surface about the late thomas maycroft , including the unfortunate details of his recent bankruptcy , in which the bank had taken possession of both his house and business . 
 prior to his rosewood visit in december , it transpired that he and jack had been living at the back of thomas 's ailing bookshop . 
 following this final and disgraceful revelation , the two families involved swiftly devised a way of concealing the unfortunate affair from the broader community , however , the verdict from the coronial inquest , held at the general hospital , declared that thomas maycroft had committed suicide , whilst ` suffering from a fit of temporary insanity . ' 
 if this ruling was n't bad enough for louisa and her dignity , one of the local newspapers , the mercury , reported the suicide death in their latest edition . 
 the half-column article appeared on page three , under the dramatic heading , ` suicide at rosewood house . ' 
 the article detailed the last year of thomas 's life , and included information about his family , his melancholy state , due to his financial embarrassment , and the details of his suicide . 
 in spite of this , the newspaper piece was sympathetic to the widower 's plight , and labelled him , ` the most recent victim of the economic depression . ' 
 regardless of how thomas was depicted in the article , louisa was overwrought and inconsolable for the next two weeks . 
 frances norwood , in the interim , was still living at riverview in new town , and was oblivious to all the grief and commotion that her friends and family were experiencing on the other side of the river . 
 since her posting with the ballard family , frances had had little time to read the newspapers , and taking no heed of servants ' gossip , she knew nothing at all about thomas 's death . 
 one balmy afternoon towards the end of january , frances stood by the deep-seated mullioned window in riverview 's makeshift classroom , staring down into the extensive garden below . 
 with arms folded casually across her chest , she leant against the floral summer curtains and continued to survey the garden with admiration . 
 outside , the vast expanse of succulent grass was gleaming after a recent rain shower , and from the ornamental stream , nestled behind a distant thicket of trees and shrubs , came the sounds of hiccupping frogs and buzzing insects . 
 a nearby voice , however , quickly broke the tranquillity of the moment . 
 ` you do n't like me very much , do you ? ' 
 the childish voice demanded . 
 it was none other than the infamous and enigmatic crispin ballard , sitting at his desk behind her . 
 his hands were folded delicately on top of the table , and his eyes , looking out through foggy spectacles , regarded her with a questioning look . 
 as he waited for her to answer , he began cleansing the nib of his broad nibbed pen on a piece of blotting paper . 
 ` no , ' frances replied without looking at him . 
 ` i do n't like you . ' 
 ` i thought so . 
 well , if the truth be known , frances , i do n't like you either . ' 
 ` my name to you is miss norwood , not frances . ' 
 ` but you call me crispin . 
 why ca n't i call you frances ? ' 
 frances sighed . 
 she was too tired to argue , and besides , she would only be wasting her breath on an unruly boy like crispin ballard . 
 ` why do n't you like me ? ' 
 crispin persisted in his habitually whining tone . 
 frances ignored his question and kept looking outside . 
 it had just started raining again , and as she watched it fall , she was reminded of her last encounter with michael brearly , when he had left her at the tram stop . 
 a recurrent image frances had , was of him running across the road , and not looking back in her direction . 
 the memory of it was still painful . 
 ` upon my word , ' crispin was saying in the background , ` you 're no company whatsoever . 
 i 'd get more amusement from a glass of milk . ' 
 he idly began scratching out words on his foolscap sheet of paper with his pen . 
 ` contrary to what you may think , crispin , i am not here for your personal entertainment . 
 i am here to help you with your studies . ' 
 ` yes , well you 're not doing a very good job , ' he remarked sullenly , flinging down his pen . 
 ` that is your opinion . 
 your grandmother , from all accounts , is satisfied with my work . ' 
 ` of course she is . 
 she was desperate . 
 she needed someone . 
 no one else would do it . ' 
 ` yes , i know , ' frances acknowledged through clenched teeth . 
 ` i also know about your scandalous expulsion from your school in sydney . ' 
 ` i would n't quite call it scandalous , ' crispin retaliated , tossing his curly red hair . 
 ` i like to think that i was providing a service for my fellow students . ' 
 ` humbug , crispin . 
 you were doing their homework for them , and then demanding money for it . 
 now , keep quiet and attend to your work ! 
 if you do n't finish what i 've given you , i wo n't take you to the cricket tomorrow or to the international exhibition next week . ' 
 crispin was staggered . 
 ` you ca n't do that . 
 you ca n't threaten me ! ' 
 ` i most certainly can . 
 so keep your mouth shut and your eyes down . ' 
 ` that 's an abuse of your power , ' he muttered , unenthusiastically picking up a pencil . 
 ` no , ' frances smilingly corrected , ` it 's a use of my power . ' 
 ` you wait until grandmother hears about this . 
 she would not approve of such methods . ' 
 ` but i do , ' frances said , walking over to her desk in front of him . 
 ` and as far as i 'm concerned , that is all that matters . ' 
 for a moment crispin made no reply . 
 ` i was going to tell you something important , but after that last comment , i do n't think i will . ' 
 frances sank into her chair and yawned nonchalantly . 
 she then opened up a book and began reading it . 
 ` please yourself , crispin , ' she eventually said , without looking up . 
 ` this information i was going to tell you is a frightfully exciting secret . 
 only a handful of people know the facts . ' 
 he began tapping his pencil impatiently against an ink bottle . 
 ` and yet i am unmoved . ' 
 ` the secret involves the people you used to live with at wintersleigh . ' 
 this comment had the desired effect , for frances gave an obvious start . 
 ` i 'm not in the habit of listening to malicious lies , crispin . ' 
 ` they 're not lies , ' crispin objected , his lip beginning to curl with haughtiness . 
 ` i blackmailed the scullery maid for the details , and i got the whole story . ' 
 ` you did what ? ' 
 ` she deserved it . 
 she was getting up to mischief with our head gardener . 
 i caught them at it yesterday . ' 
 ` crispin ballard ! 
 have you no shame ? ' 
 ` all right , all right . 
 the fact is that i have information you want . ' 
 ` no i do n't , ' frances said defensively . 
 ` i do n't want to hear information obtained by such deceitful and despicable methods . ' 
 ` deceitful ? 
 i thought my methods were rather clever . ' 
 ` it is not clever to inveigle people . ' 
 ` but you do it ! ' 
 crispin returned . 
 he slumped back despondently into his chair . 
 ` i 'm an adult , and you 're still a child . 
 being older has to have some advantages . ' 
 ` i 'll make a deal with you then . ' 
 ` a deal ? ' 
 a dumbfounded frances repeated . 
 ` you are in no position to make deals with me . ' 
 ` oh yes i am , ' he corrected , placing his spectacles back on his heavily freckled face . 
 ` when one has such information as i have , i can make deals . ' 
 ` i 'm not interested , ' frances said , getting angrily to her feet . 
 ` it 's time for history revision . ' 
 ` if i tell you the secret , you have to let me go to the cricket tomorrow and , in addition , i get no homework . ' 
 he watched her with expectant green eyes . 
 ` how dare you ! 
 i have a good mind to tell your grandmother about this ! 
 and when she hears about it ... ' ` someone at rosewood house took their own life , ' crispin announced without warning . 
 frances perceptibly faltered but said nothing . 
 ` ah , ' crispin resumed , ` i see that you are interested . 
 what do you say then ? 
 do we have an arrangement ? ' 
 frances bit her lip in anger . 
 she deeply resented crispin 's demands , but she also realised that she was in no position to argue . 
 she reluctantly asked him to elaborate on the suicide . 
 crispin was delighted , and began to rub his hands together in glee . 
 ` well , is n't this jolly exciting ? ' 
 he remarked laughingly . 
 ` where does one start ? ' 
 seeing frances 's scowls , he prudently decided to continue . 
 ` all right , all right , ' he said , adjusting his ill-fitting glasses , ` this is what i know . 
 some man called , oh , i forget his name ... ' ` what do you mean you forget his name ? ' 
 frances broke in with sudden desperation . 
 ` i thought you said your information was detailed . ' 
 ` thomas ! ' 
 he quickly added . 
 ` thomas somebody . ' 
 ` thomas maycroft ? ' 
 ` yes , that 's him . 
 thomas maycroft . 
 i 've personally never heard of him , but listen to this . 
 according to my source , he slashed his wrists and ankles with a razor , and died in a crimson pool of his own blood . ' 
 frances gasped in horror . 
 ` go on , ' she said . 
 ` when he did n't come down for breakfast , doctor brearly went up to see what he was doing . 
 the door to thomas 's bedroom was locked , and when the doctor called out to him to open the door , there was no answer . 
 the doctor must have had some suspicions , because in the next instant , he kicked the door down . ' 
 ` he did what ? ' 
 ` is n't that the most frightfully exciting thing you 've ever heard ? ' 
 crispin cried . 
 ` i personally ca n't see the doctor being that heroic . 
 whenever i think of that man , all i am reminded of is when he tripped over the rug at my aunt stella 's house a while back . 
 god , that was jolly amusing ! ' 
 he burst into a childish peel of laughter . 
 ` the doctor had just shaken hands with uncle james , then he fell over ! 
 he spilt his drink everywhere ! ' 
 frances was silent and motionless , but underneath her calm exterior , her heart was pounding so fast that she thought she would faint . 
 she propped her head up with a wobbling hand . 
 ` you 're mistaken , ' she breathed . 
 ` you must be mistaken . ' 
 ` no i 'm not , ' crispin replied indignantly . 
 ` his ginger beer went everywhere . ' 
 ` i 'm not talking about that , crispin ! 
 i 'm talking about , about mr maycroft . 
 he ca n't be dead ! ' 
 ` i 'm afraid he is , ' announced a woman 's voice from behind her . 
 frances swung around in her chair and beheld the imposing sight of the mistress of the house , mrs edwina ballard . 
 as usual , she was dressed in an abundant combination of silk , lace and velvet . 
 her jewellery was shimmering from the light coming through the window , and above her enormous sleeves , her grey hair was held in place with elaborate combs and pins . 
 as she moved forward , the large sweep of her billowing skirt rustled impressively . 
 ` i have been meaning to tell you about it , ' edwina said , casting her grandson a censuring look , ` but i have been rather pre-occupied lately , especially now that my daughter vivian is expecting . ' 
 she paused and allowed herself the luxury of a self-satisfied smile . 
 ` the truth is , miss norwood , that i did n't want you to get involved in such indelicate and unsavoury proceedings . 
 it was no place for a young woman with such impeccable morals . ' 
 ` oh , bosh , ' crispin muttered under his breath , ` you just did n't want miss norwood 's name associated with a suicide . ' 
 ` yes , thank you , crispin ! ' 
 edwina berated . 
 ` if you continue to speak in such a manner i will send you to your room . ' 
 she returned her attention to frances . 
 ` it was a dreadful affair , miss norwood . 
 the poor widower took an overdose of sleeping draught and whisky . ' 
 frances shot crispin a questioning look . 
 crispin looked much put out . 
 ` i knew i should n't have trusted that servant . 
 she was obviously only telling me what i wanted to hear . 
 died in a pool of blood indeed . ' 
 ` right , that 's it , ' edwina barked . 
 ` go to your room ! ' 
 crispin did n't need to be told twice . 
 his shoulders slumped forward , and he sullenly began collecting his books and stationery . 
 ` everyone around here is so frightfully boring , ' he remarked , as he made a move towards the door . 
 ` i have better conversations talking to myself . ' 
 and with that final declaration , he made his shuffling departure out of the room . 
 the women breathed a collective sigh of relief at his departure . 
 ` oh he is perverse , ' edwina bemoaned , once crispin shut the door behind him . 
 ` a most unpromising boy . ' 
 suddenly the door reopened and crispin stuck his head through the gap . 
 ` are we still going to the cricket tomorrow , miss norwood ? ' 
 he asked , watching frances hopefully . 
 frances nodded her head , and after a whoop of delight , he slammed the door behind him with a burst of energy . 
 ` an unpromising boy , ' edwina repeated sadly . 
 ` still , there is time for him to change . 
 god knows we are all praying for it to happen . ' 
 she resumed her original train of thought . 
 ` i will be praying for thomas maycroft too , while i 'm at it . ' 
 chapter forty three a spot of cricket to the delight of all cricket lovers , the opening day of the inter-colonial cricket match between the victoria seconds and tasmania , on saturday 26th of january 1895 , provided fine weather and ideal conditions for the players . 
 the southern tasmanian cricket association ground on which the game was to be played , was filled to capacity by the commencement of play at noon , and as frances and her companions claimed their seats , they listened to the strains of the city band 's music fill the queen 's domain . 
 to frances 's relief , wilfred ballard speedily detached himself from their party , and joined a large group of his cigar-smoking gentlemen friends , leaving frances with crispin , edwina ballard , her daughter-in-law , alice , and an impressive array of both the women 's friends . 
 being the only servant amongst such wealthy and illustrious women , frances could n't help but feel rather insignificant , but as she glanced at their unfamiliar faces , she decided that fashionable female company was preferable to that of wilfred ballard . 
 in the short time that frances had been at riverview , she had learnt that mr ballard was someone to be avoided at all costs , which was difficult , given his seemingly ubiquitous presence . 
 wilfred ballard was a man who loved to talk , or rather pontificate , and frances had spent many afternoons in the cluttered riverview drawing room , enduring one of his homilies about his noble ancestors , and about his untainted pedigree . 
 despite mr ballard 's early departure , frances 's day did not improve . 
 if anything , it deteriorated rapidly . 
 as soon as the game got under way , frances realised with dismay that her companions knew little , if not nothing , about the majestic sport of cricket . 
 edwina ballard , it seemed , was there purely to socialise , drink lemonade , and not to watch the game . 
 in the first half-hour of the game , for instance , edwina and her friends had not so much as even glanced at the cricket . 
 while the conversation around her developed into the critique of spotted muslin and matching parasols , frances suddenly wished she was sitting next to another cricket connoisseur -- michael brearly perhaps . 
 she sighed and sank further back in her seat . 
 beside her , crispin had just woken from a boredom-induced sleep , and was stifling a violent yawn . 
 ` this is so dreary , ' he muttered in between yawns . 
 ` what a waste of a shilling . ' 
 ` how can you say that ? ' 
 frances retaliated . 
 ` eady 's playing splendidly . 
 if he keeps going on like this , he might get selected for the next test match . ' 
 ` who 's eady ? ' 
 frances shot her companion a look of exasperation . 
 ` charlie eady , crispin . 
 he 's one of the opening batsmen . 
 he 's been out there for an hour at least . 
 how could you have missed him ? ' 
 ` i must confess i have n't been watching . 
 i find cricket frightfully boring , particularly when there 's no competitive opposition . ' 
 ` boring ? ' 
 frances repeated . 
 ` but you were so keen to come here today ! ' 
 crispin had no desire to answer this question , and cunningly steered his way around the subject . 
 ` i just want to know why our tasmanian boys are playing a seconds team from victoria . 
 i think it 's an insult not to send us their best players . 
 do n't you , miss norwood ? ' 
 frances adjusted her hat , but said nothing . 
 ` i also like injuries . 
 that always gets my attention . 
 there 's nothing like a good solid knock to the head to liven things up . ' 
 ` crispin ! 
 that 's not a very nice thing to say . ' 
 crispin let out a low chuckle . 
 ` but it 's true ! 
 i knew this boy at school who was hit in the head by a cricket ball , and because the force of the ball was so great , he literally had the shape of the ball imprinted onto his forehead . 
 can you believe that ? ' 
 frances was reminded of the infamous tennis match at rosewood , and of agnes 's injury . 
 with a faint smile she returned her attention to the game , just as eady 's batting partner , gatehouse , hit the ball over the chains for five . 
 frances , along with the crowd around her , began clapping appreciatively . 
 the remainder of the over was uneventful , but the first ball of the new over brought a gatehouse mis-hit , which sent the ball hurtling towards a victorian player in the outfield . 
 the prospect of losing a tasmanian batsman caused frances to draw in a sharp breath , but her concern was short-lived . 
 in the next moment , the ball slipped gracelessly through the fingers of the hapless fieldsmen , and onto the ground . 
 the dropped catch sent the jubilant spectators to their feet , frances included , and throwing feminine decorum aside , she let out a hearty cheer . 
 suddenly , amidst the cheers and clapping , frances heard the distinctive sound of a man 's voice behind her . 
 ` ow , what ! ' 
 she heard the man shout , ` how could you have missed that !? 
 a blind man could have caught that one ! ' 
 several spectators beside frances erupted into laughter , but frances , having recognised the familiar voice , stiffened , and without saying a word , sank despondently into her seat . 
 crispin noticed her sudden pallor , and asked her what the matter was . 
 ` lemonade , ' frances heard herself gasp , ` i , i need something to drink . ' 
 before crispin could reply , frances rose to her feet again , and grabbing hold of crispin 's arm , literally wrenched him out of his seat . 
 ` come on , crispin , ' she commanded , ` we 're leaving . 
 now . ' 
 she tightened her grip on the boy 's arm , and blindly dragged him towards the aisle . 
 ` ow , ' crispin was moaning , ` you 're hurting me ! ' 
 frances ignored his protests and inquiring looks from nearby spectators , and hastened towards the entrance of the stand . 
 she then fled outside , and into the safety of the crowds , that were congregating behind the scoreboard . 
 she faltered and relinquished her hold on crispin 's arm . 
 while crispin lifted up his shirt-sleeve to inspect the damage his governess had done to his bony arm , frances pulled out her purse and began to count its contents . 
 ` you wait until grandmother hears about this , ' crispin was muttering beside her . 
 ` i 've got your fingerprints all up my arm ! ' 
 ` well if that 's all you have to worry about , you 're a very lucky boy . ' 
 having said this , she shot an anxious glance towards the stand , where edwina and her friends were seated . 
 they were still deep in conversation and appeared not to have seen frances and crispin flee . 
 ` lucky ? ' 
 crispin retaliated , ` you almost cut off the blood supply to my arm . ' 
 frances extracted several coins from her purse , and thrust them into crispin 's hand . 
 ` here , ' she said , in her most authoritative tone , ` take this money and go and get two glasses of lemonade . ' 
 ` huh ! 
 you hurt me , and then you ask me for a favour ! ' 
 he sniffed resentfully . 
 ` no arguing . 
 if you go now , you can keep the change . ' 
 crispin seemed irresolute . 
 ` do you promise ? ' 
 ` i give you my word . 
 now go before i have second thoughts . ' 
 even before frances had uttered the last word of her sentence , crispin had disappeared into the colourful throng of the crowd , leaving frances alone and vulnerable amongst a few hundred strangers . 
 all of a sudden , she heard her name called , and turning around , found herself confronted by the very person she had been trying to avoid . 
 her astonishment at seeing george brearly was great , and coupled with the humiliating recollection of their new year 's eve intimacy , she coloured , stepped back blindly , and momentarily loosened her grip on her purse . 
 it slipped through her trembling fingers onto the carpet of green grass , opened up and disgorged her meagre collection of coins . 
 frances dropped instantly to her knees and began gathering up her money , as did george , and michael brearly , who had only just joined them . 
 frances 's awkwardness was doubled by the doctor 's unexpected appearance , and for a brief moment their eyes met . 
 the sight of his tender gaze upon her heightened frances 's blush , and she hurriedly got to her feet . 
 at that moment , she wanted nothing more than to disappear into thin air , but the reality was that she was now the centre of attention . 
 chapter forty four a betrayal ` what did i tell you , michael ? ' 
 george began by saying , ` i told you i saw miss norwood loitering about . ' 
 he turned to frances and smiled . 
 ` michael doubted me , but as usual , i was right . ' 
 ` and modest , as always , ' frances responded , depositing the retrieved coins into her purse . 
 george made no immediate answer to this , but the broadening smile on his lips seemed to answer for him . 
 ` so , what have you been doing with your time , other than making a spectacle of yourself at the cricket ? 
 you can always throw some money my way , if you 're that desperate to get rid of it . 
 i am , after all , a struggling journalist . ' 
 ` and i am a struggling governess . ' 
 ` ah yes , ' george said , dividing his attention between her and the cricket , ` you look as though you 're suffering awfully . 
 edwina ballard is obviously working you to the bone . ' 
 ` as is your newspaper , ' frances eventually retaliated . 
 ` tell me , george , do you intend writing an article about today 's play , or are you here purely for your own amusement ? ' 
 the smile on george 's mouth began to retract . 
 ` come now , miss norwood -lrb- not ` frances ' as he habitually addressed her -rrb- , i thought you knew me better than that . 
 amusement is my middle name . 
 my whole life is motivated by it . 
 speaking of amusement , ' george resumed in a confidential tone , ` i was highly entertained by your hasty escape , just now . 
 michael and i literally had to chase after you and the ballard boy . ' 
 frances cast the silent michael a sidelong glance . 
 ` i was n't avoiding you . 
 i was more concerned that certain female company was with you . ' 
 ` louisa is n't here , miss norwood , ' michael eventually replied . 
 his first words of the conversation were spoken quietly , but gently . 
 ` nor is agnes , ' george added . 
 ` jack and the ladies are spending the afternoon at the international exhibition , ' he added derisively . 
 ` they thought it would be more entertaining than the cricket . 
 i suppose it depends on your definition of entertainment . ' 
 ` you have n't been then ? ' 
 frances asked . 
 ` that white elephant ? 
 humph ! 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 'm highly suspicious of anything that is sponsored by the tasmanian government . 
 they 're inevitably wearisome affairs . 
 for instance , what was in the exhibition program the other day ? 
 cookery lectures , needlework displays , musical arrangements , agricultural and engineering exhibits , and something about gooseberries . ' 
 he fell into thought . 
 ` oh that 's right , an exhibit of twelve varieties of gooseberries . 
 not two varieties , mind you . 
 that would have been sensible , but twelve . 
 have you ever heard of anything more ridiculous ? ' 
 ` george , ' michael broke in with a touch of impatience , ` must you go on about it ? ' 
 george thrust both hands into his pockets . 
 ` no , i suppose not . 
 still i 'm glad i got it off my chest . 
 i feel better already . 
 much calmer . ' 
 despite this declaration , frances decided he looked anything but calm . 
 in the awkward silence that followed , george nibbled his lip , and began the annoying habit of rocking back on the balls of his feet . 
 he appeared to have difficulty meeting frances 's eyes . 
 it was not an easy meeting for frances either , but at least she was n't boring people with desultory conversation and prosaic observations . 
 ` i say , miss norwood , ' george started up again , ` are you going to the regatta on wednesday ? 
 i tried to get a ride on a friend 's boat for the whaling boat race , but missed out by the skin of my teeth . 
 ebenezer watts , the mean old dog , pipped me at the post . ' 
 ` oh , ' frances murmured , ` i 'm sorry to hear it . ' 
 frances then stepped back to allow several young women to pass . 
 they were dressed fashionably in the latest garish colours from melbourne , and as they walked by , the breeze ruffled their enormous sleeves . 
 in the background , charlie eady had sent another ball over the chains , and the parochial crowd had just rewarded his fine stroke with a hearty round of applause . 
 george brearly , however , seemed oblivious to the commotion around him , and was wondering what to say . 
 ` did you hear about the bushfires at port arthur ? ' 
 he asked at last . 
 ` i read it in the paper this morning . 
 ca n't say i 'm surprised . 
 the weather yesterday was blinking horrible . 
 hot as hades and blowing a fierce gale . 
 it 's just a pity it did n't happen a month earlier . 
 then we would have been spared that awful trip there . ' 
 having said this , he set his feet back firmly on the ground , and drawing out a handkerchief from his pocket , began dabbing his forehead . 
 frances , in the intervening time , was scanning the crowds around her for crispin . 
 he still had not returned from the lemonade stand , and his absence was prolonging this uncomfortable encounter with the brearly brothers . 
 ` crispin not back yet ? ' 
 michael asked , reading her thoughts . 
 ` no , ' frances smilingly answered . 
 ` i gave him some money for lemonade , and i have n't seen him since . 
 knowing him , he 's probably taken my money , and run away with it . ' 
 ` and how is the ballard boy ? ' 
 michael resumed conversationally . 
 ` i trust he has been behaving himself ? ' 
 frances reflected . 
 ` come , come , doctor brearly , this is crispin ballard we 're talking about . 
 the only time he 's behaving himself , is when he 's asleep . 
 i may have only been with him for a month , but he has already given me grey hairs . ' 
 before michael could answer this , crispin himself made an appearance . 
 to the concern of the three adults , he was breathless , smiling , and instead of carrying two glasses of lemonade in his hands , he was strangely in possession of a cricket ball . 
 this concern was heightened when they discovered that there had been a suspension in play . 
 there was a murmur around the ground . 
 ` crispin ! ' 
 frances exclaimed , turning upon him sharply , ` where did you get that ball from ? ' 
 crispin tossed the ball up in to the air and looked up at the adults with an audacious smile . 
 ` would n't you like to know ? ' 
 ` yes i would , as it happens . 
 and what have you done with my money ? 
 where is the lemonade ? ' 
 ` i drank it . ' 
 ` why you little devil , ' frances said , in a tone of anger . 
 ` you wait until i tell your grandmother about what you 've done ! ' 
 she stepped menacingly towards him , but fortunately for crispin , michael 's restraining hand on her arm stopped her from proceeding . 
 michael glowered at crispin . 
 ` miss norwood is too much of a lady to strike you , but if i were in her shoes , i 'd give you a good clip around the ear . ' 
 ` not to mention a boot up the backside , ' george added . 
 ` now do as you 're told , ' michael ordered , ` and hand that ball back . ' 
 ` give it back ? ' 
 crispin repeated , amazed . 
 ` and why would i want to do that ? 
 this ball 's a collector 's item ! 
 it could be worth a fortune in years to come . 
 it could become the next ballard family heirloom . ' 
 ` it 's theft , crispin ! ' 
 frances fired back . 
 ` only if you get caught it is , ' crispin laughed , and then darted off through the crowd , to a timely freedom . 
 ` gosh , he 's just like i was at that age ! ' 
 george mused . 
 ` what are you going to do about him ? 
 do you want me to follow him ? ' 
 frances looked out towards the pitch . 
 another ball had been procured in the meantime , and the game was about to recommence . 
 ` just leave him , ' she sighed miserably . 
 ` with any luck i may get some peace and quiet . 
 i might even get to watch some of the match . ' 
 a surge of emotion began rising up in her . 
 she took a deep breath and returned her attention to the pitch . 
 she stared fixedly at the batsmen . 
 michael noticed her discomfit , and turned towards his brother . 
 ` get miss norwood some lemonade , george , ' he whispered . 
 ` and do n't drink it before you return . ' 
 he threw george a rare , affectionate smile . 
 george nodded and dutifully did as he was bid . 
 in the next moment , frances and michael were left to themselves . 
 after a minute or two of companionable silence , frances spoke . 
 ` i was so sorry to hear about thomas , ' she began hesitantly . 
 ` i only heard about it yesterday , otherwise , i would have come to visit . 
 i would have offered my condolences . ' 
 michael 's anxious eyes began to roam the outfield . 
 ` i wo n't pretend that the last few weeks have n't been difficult . 
 it was an ordeal for everyone , particularly for jack . 
 he 's an orphan now , not that he understands what that means . 
 he thinks thomas has gone back up to launceston , and keeps asking us when his daddy is coming home . 
 no amount of explaining helps . 
 my only hope is that he works it out for himself one day , hopefully sooner rather than later . 
 thomas 's will stipulates that in the event of his death , jack is to live with agnes . 
 thomas has no family of his own , incidentally . 
 still , that 's beside the point . ' 
 he tried to fortify himself . 
 ` when i look back on the whole sorry saga , there was only one thing that i was grateful for . ' 
 ` and what was that ? ' 
 ` that you were spared the horror of it all . ' 
 he turned towards her and their eyes met . 
 their gaze lingered for some seconds before he reluctantly averted his eyes . 
 ` speaking of your departure from wintersleigh , ' he resumed in a faltering voice , ` i finally found out why you left so suddenly . 
 agnes told me the other evening . ' 
 frances was momentarily silenced . 
 around her , the summer breeze lapped at her skirt , and tussled the fallen strands of hair around her cheeks . 
 in spite of this cool , comforting sweep of air , she felt less than comforted . 
 ` and what exactly did she tell you ? ' 
 she forced herself to say . 
 ` i do n't want to go into the exact details , ' michael said hurriedly . 
 ` i have no intention of embarrassing you . 
 what i will say is this . 
 after what occurred between you and my brother on new year 's eve , i admire you wholeheartedly for leaving wintersleigh when you did , as does louisa . 
 she believes it was very right of you to nip it in the bud . ' 
 frances was taken aback . 
 ` aunt louisa knows about this too ? ' 
 ` yes , she was there when agnes told me . ' 
 ` and why did agnes feel it necessary to divulge such delicate information ? 
 she promised me she would say nothing , provided i left wintersleigh . ' 
 she faltered . 
 ` was it her intention to make mischief for me ? ' 
 michael considered her question thoughtfully . 
 ` looking back on it , yes , i think there was some element of malice in it , but instead of her information upsetting your aunt , it had the reverse effect . 
 louisa 's feelings towards you were softened , not hardened . 
 as you may have known , your aunt has long been concerned with the amount of attention george has shown you . 
 she feared that he would seduce you , destroy your reputation , then abandon you without a second thought , as he has done to so many other women . 
 i feared it too . ' 
 ` yes . 
 you told me as much on our return trip from port arthur . ' 
 ` but now , our fears are allayed . 
 louisa thinks you acted nobly by leaving when you did , and having said that , i expect she will seek reconciliation with you any day now . 
 she might even ask you to return to wintersleigh . ' 
 ` i hope she does n't , otherwise i 'll have to refuse her offer . ' 
 michael looked confused . 
 ` what impediment to your return would there be ? 
 george will be returning to melbourne straight after the wedding , and agnes will be living with me as my wife . ' 
 frances turned away from the doctor . 
 she secretly longed to tell him that he was the reason she had left wintersleigh , and that she had acted in his best interests . 
 of course she did n't have the courage to tell him these things , and so she said nothing instead . 
 frances looked in the direction of the stand . 
 in the distance she could see that crispin had returned to his grandmother , and was triumphantly showing edwina ballard and her friends the cricket ball he had taken from the game . 
 frances turned away before her employer could beckon to her , and fixing her eyes vacantly on a nearby fieldsman , she began to reflect on her cousin 's cruel betrayal . 
 agnes had promised not to tell a soul about frances 's interlude with george brearly on new year 's eve , and yet , not even four weeks later , she had broken that assurance . 
 the depth of the deception struck frances more painfully than a blow , and as her mounting hatred for agnes pulsed through her veins , she vowed at that moment , never to trust her cousin again . 
 chapter forty five breakfast at midnight it was three days before michael brearly and agnes wentworth 's wedding , and whilst the bride-to-be was sleeping soundly in her bed chamber at wintersleigh , the prospective groom , sleepless with pre-marital jitters , was sitting outside on rosewood 's back verandah . 
 as was often the case when he could n't sleep , michael ordered a bacon sandwich for breakfast , and while he distractedly bit into the bread , he stared out into the midnight darkness . 
 it seemed inconceivable to him , at that moment , that at the same time next week he would be a married man , with a small child to support . 
 thomas maycroft 's last will and testament stipulated that jack was to come under agnes 's care in the event of thomas 's death , and given that agnes was to marry michael , he would inadvertently become a parent on his wedding day . 
 the thought of being a father figure to little jack maycroft filled him with dread but , as he reflected , he was grateful that thomas had n't left jack to george . 
 under george 's bad influence , there would be no telling just how jack would turn out . 
 after swallowing the last mouthful of his sandwich , he stood up to stretch his cramped legs . 
 beneath him , the wooden verandah boards groaned under his weight . 
 oblivious to the noise he was making , he picked up his glass of port , and began to pace the full length of the verandah . 
 by the time he had slurped out the contents of the glass , he realised that george had joined him . 
 ` i say , old chap , ' george began , ` is this a private party , or can anyone join in ? ' 
 ` i suppose that depends on who 's asking , ' michael replied , setting the empty glass down on the railing . 
 george let out a hearty yawn . 
 ` so , what are you doing up ? 
 you look a little down in the dumps . 
 not worrying about the wedding are we ? ' 
 ` no , ' michael lied , ` i 'm just ... ' ` lying hound , ' george remarked with a knowing smile . 
 ` it 's just as i thought . 
 you 're going soft ! ' 
 ` what absurdity ! 
 it 's all in your imagination . ' 
 ` no , it 's not , ' george insisted , watching michael with penetrating eyes . 
 ` i know exactly what you 're thinking . 
 you 're having second thoughts . 
 the wedding is in three days , and you 're having second thoughts about going through with it . 
 it 's a common enough phenomenon . ' 
 he then casually pulled out a cigarette and a box of matches from his pyjama pocket . 
 as he lit his cigarette , his handsome and youthful features were briefly illuminated . 
 ` and what about you ? ' 
 michael asked . 
 ` what are you doing up ? ' 
 ` just chewing the cud , so to speak , ' said george , in between puffs of smoke . 
 after a brief interval he began to laugh . 
 ` this may surprise you , michael , but i do think . 
 well , sometimes . ' 
 michael smiled weakly but maintained his silence . 
 somewhere in the distance , a dog barked . 
 ` anyway , i 've been thinking about you and your awfully good fortune . ' 
 ` my good fortune ? ' 
 michael cried , astounded . 
 ` and what is so fortunate about my predicament ? ' 
 ` you great duffer ! 
 not only are you about to marry an awfully fetching woman , but you 're set to adopt an equally wonderful child ! ' 
 he took another puff from his cigarette . 
 ` i thought you did n't like agnes , ' said michael , ignoring the latter part of his brother 's observation , ` you said you despised her . ' 
 ` i do n't like her , and i do despise her , but that 's not the point here . 
 by marrying agnes next week , you immediately acquire what some men can only dream about . 
 a beautiful wife , and a son . ' 
 ` i thought you despised agnes , ' repeated michael with suspicious eyes . 
 ` i do , ' said george with a sudden exasperation . 
 ` by jove , michael , ' must you keep harping on about it ? 
 just because a man finds a woman attractive , it does n't necessarily mean that he likes her . ' 
 ` whatever you say , george , ' michael said , turning away ill-humouredly , ` but as i understand it , such reasoning has never stopped you before . ' 
 ` and what is that supposed to mean ? 
 what are you suggesting ? ' 
 ` i 'm not suggesting anything , ' michael explained . 
 ` look , ' he went on , ` enough is enough . 
 this is only degenerating into an argument . 
 i have enough worries on my mind , without adding you to the list . ' 
 ` huh ! 
 you 're a nice one ! ' 
 george proclaimed , with sneering emphasis . 
 ` i was just trying to offer some brotherly consolation . 
 trying to convince you how darn good your life is . ' 
 ` nothing could possibly convince me of that , now if you 'll excuse me , i 'm going to bed . ' 
 ` aw come on , michael . 
 do n't take the sulks with me . 
 i only just got here . 
 stay longer , and we can have a good ol’ chat . ' 
 ` no , ' said michael , watching his brother through the warm glow of the cigarette , ` it 's pointless talking to you . 
 you 'll only end up ridiculing me . ' 
 ` i wo n't , big brother . 
 i promise i wo n't . ' 
 seeing the look of doubt on michael 's face , he persevered . 
 ` there 's something urgent i need to tell you , before it 's too late . ' 
 he let his neglected cigarette dangle down from his fingers . 
 michael raised an eyebrow . 
 ` if this is about your romantic encounter with miss norwood on new year 's eve , then do n't waste your breath . 
 agnes has already told me everything . ' 
 george stared . 
 ` oh she did , did she ? 
 humph ! 
 what exactly did she say about it all ? 
 i suppose she accused me of instigating it . ' 
 ` no . 
 on the contrary . 
 agnes seemed to think that miss norwood was a very willing participant in the proceedings . ' 
 george slumped against the verandah railing . 
 ` oh , if only , ' he heaved a wistful sigh . 
 ` if only that were true . ' 
 he took several meditative puffs from his cigarette . 
 ` i 'm afraid to say this , michael , but agnes has misled you in her description of the new year 's eve events . 
 i am wholly to blame for what happened that night , not miss norwood . 
 i hunted that poor girl down like an animal , and when i saw her alone and vulnerable on that verandah , i moved in for the kill . 
 despite all my efforts of seduction , however , which i hasten to add , were considerable , only her lips would yield to me . 
 i am yet to conquer her mind and her heart , a feat i feel is next to impossible . ' 
 the look of his brother 's darkening face made him laugh . 
 ` now do n't look at me like that , ' he said , smiling disarmingly . 
 ` i 'm not a murderer or anything . 
 i was tempted by a pretty face that 's all , and as a red-blooded male , i felt it was my prerogative to pursue her . 
 i must remain consistent to my reputation , although my resounding failure with frances norwood has somewhat shaken my confidence . 
 i think in future i 'll set my sights a little lower . ' 
 ` and what about an apology ? ' 
 michael demanded . 
 ` does that feature at all in your calculations ? ' 
 george reflected . 
 ` well yes , i suppose it does . 
 an apology is well in order , but to be truthful with you , i do n't think i 'm up to making one at the moment . 
 it would n't do much for my credibility . 
 besides , apologies are just so damned embarrassing . 
 makes one stutter , and say awfully silly things one does n't mean . 
 best do it when the dust settles . 
 what do you think ? ' 
 ` miss norwood was right about you , you know , ' michael replied after a long pause . 
 ` you are selfish . 
 your entire life revolves around you and you alone . 
 everything is always on your terms . ' 
 george snorted . 
 ` i 'm twenty-eight , for god 's sake ! 
 i 'm young , i 'm free , and what 's more , i 'm at perfect liberty to make the most of opportunities that come my way . ' 
 ` there is nothing admirable in the pursuit of one 's own pleasure , particularly when it is at the expense of other people . ' 
 ` other people ? 
 frances norwood , you mean . 
 that 's definitely a sore point with you , is n't it ? 
 you do n't like to think of her as being used . ' 
 ` i 'm not talking about specific individuals , george , i 'm speaking in general terms . 
 you 're selfish , you use people , and you have absolutely no concept of the words sacrifice and commitment . ' 
 ` aha ! ' 
 george declared triumphantly . 
 ` so that 's what this is all about ! 
 this is n't about me at all , is it ? 
 it 's about you ! 
 you 're about to commit yourself and it terrifies you ! ' 
 he cocked his head arrogantly . 
 ` you 're also jealous of me because i do n't commit myself to anyone and i do n't care a button about what people think of me . 
 you 're jealous of my freedom , and the fact that i can play the field with young women like miss norwood . ' 
 ` that 's not true . ' 
 ` oh no , michael , it seems perfectly clear to me . 
 next week , your freedom vanishes . 
 suddenly , you have a wife and child to support , and the thought chills you to the bone . 
 your life will be filled with endless responsibilities and commitments . ' 
 ` well at least i 'm prepared to make that sacrifice ! ' 
 michael hissed . 
 ` no-one forced you into an engagement with agnes , ' replied george , with as much venom as his brother . 
 ` you 've practically been engaged to her since childhood . ' 
 ` mother and louisa always wished it . 
 you know that as well as i. ' ` perhaps so , but why object to it now ? 
 after all , you 've had years to get used to the idea . ' 
 ` i , i do n't want to disappoint anybody , ' michael responded , rather feebly . 
 ` and who exactly would you be disappointing ? 
 mother is gone , as is our sister and father , and as for agnes and louisa , who cares a fig what they think ? 
 by jove , michael , if you do n't make up your mind now , the only person you 'll disappoint in the long run is yourself . 
 think about it . ' 
 ` i have to go inside , ' michael ventured after a pause of some duration . 
 ` fine . 
 go in , if you feel you must . 
 i did n't get a chance to tell you what i wanted to say , but i suppose it does n't matter any more . 
 you had better get some rest . 
 you 're clearly overwrought . ' 
 he leant forward to pat michael 's arm , but michael drew away before he could touch him . 
 ` please think this thing through , michael . 
 you can either be the sword or the wound . 
 it 's entirely up to you . ' 
 ` i do n't want to be either , ' michael murmured . 
 ` well , i 'm sorry to say this , but i think it 's too late for that . ' 
 michael 's hand froze on the door handle to the back door . 
 for once in his life , his brother was right . 
 it was too late . 
 chapter forty six worse for wear if this realisation was n't painful enough for michael , an accident later that day rendered him completely incapacitated , and in a great deal more pain . 
 he had been so distracted by george 's wise words that he had accidentally tripped over one of his kittens on the staircase , and tumbled down the full flight of stairs . 
 the unceremonious descent cost him a broken rib , a dislocated shoulder , severe abdominal bruising , not to mention irreparable damage to his pride and credibility -lrb- the kitten was thankfully unharmed -rrb- . 
 not surprisingly , the accident caused the wedding to be delayed for two weeks , and while the wentworth women were sympathetic to his misfortune , they were secretly resentful at having to change the wedding arrangements , arrangements that they had only just finalised down to the last detail . 
 as agnes re-booked the church , her mother hurried about town , re-rescheduling the wedding photographer and florists , and informing a long stream of guests that the wedding had been postponed . 
 due to the last minute change in date , several guests declared their inability to attend , and by the time louisa finished rearranging everything , the number of guests was reduced by a quarter . 
 while the wentworth women were bemoaning the depleted guest list over a cup of tea in the cluttered rosewood drawing room , michael was recuperating on an easy chair in the downstairs sitting room . 
 due to its small size , it was one of the least used rooms in the house , but once michael had established himself in there , he found that the room was quite comfortable . 
 it was never more so than when the french windows were open , and a cool breeze was streaming in , as it was now . 
 from this room he received his friends and family visitors , not to mention many of his patients , who came to offer him their good wishes , bunches of home-grown flowers , and bottles of home-made relishes and jams . 
 miss frances norwood was the last of his visitors that day , and while she brought neither flowers nor tomato relish , she brought him things which were infinitely more welcome : her company , her smiling face , her conversation and a plate of raspberry muffins from riverview . 
 ` edwina ballard sends you her regards , ' frances began by saying , ` and wishes you a swift recovery , as do i , ' she added with a smile . 
 she was promptly invited to take a seat , and did so , choosing to sit in an armchair near the french windows . 
 after setting the plate of muffins on a nearby coffee table , she removed her gloves and placed them on her lap . 
 michael was pleased . 
 ` forgive me for not standing to receive you , miss norwood , but i 'm not particularly nimble at the moment . ' 
 with a grimace , he sat further back in his chair . 
 frances smiled and the subject of michael 's injury was allowed to drop . 
 for the next thirty minutes or so , she directed the conversation to more pleasant issues , such as the cricket , riverview , the international exhibition , the regatta , and lastly to michael 's kittens , both of whom had just scampered into the room , and were chasing each other over the furniture . 
 afternoon tea was promptly served , along with frances 's muffins , and while frances and michael ate and drank in companionable silence , they watched the kittens frolicking . 
 ` have n't they grown ? ' 
 frances observed . 
 ` the last time i saw them they were smaller than my foot . ' 
 she looked down on them fondly . 
 michael swallowed the remains of his second muffin , and cast his companion a questioning glance . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 he asked , wiping the crumbs away from his mouth . 
 ` as far as i can remember , you 've never met clawed and furgus . ' 
 frances faltered . 
 ` i have met them , actually , ' she said , nervously rearranging her skirt . 
 ` when ? 
 how was that possible ? 
 was i here with you at the time ? ' 
 frances kept her eyes steadfastly on the kittens . 
 ` no , you were n't with me at the time , ' she answered gently . 
 ` i waited until you were out on your rounds , and then i left them in a box on your front doorstep . ' 
 ` that was you ? ' 
 ` i did n't have much time , so i got one of your servants to keep an eye on them for me , until either you or george returned home . ' 
 having made her confession , frances started fidgeting with her gloves . 
 michael 's heart softened as he watched her . 
 ` i do n't know what to say , ' he murmured . 
 ` those kittens mean everything to me . 
 they do n't exactly fill the void that henry left , but , but , ' he stammered , ` well , you know what i mean . ' 
 ` i suppose you would have found out sooner or later , ' frances said , rising abruptly to her feet . 
 ` anyway , best be off now . 
 edwina ballard was kind enough to allow me some time off to visit people . 
 i do n't want to abuse her generosity . ' 
 she then bent over and picked up one of the kittens . 
 with loving hands she stroked its back and head , and scratched it firmly behind the ears . 
 ` must you go now , miss norwood ? 
 you have n't been here that long . ' 
 ` i 've been here almost an hour , ' frances remarked , looking up at the mantelpiece clock . 
 ` what 's more , my aunt has invited me for dinner . 
 thanks to charlotte , my aunt and i are back on speaking terms . 
 she arranged an ` accidental ' meeting at the international exhibition , a few days ago . 
 aunt wentworth and i stumbled into each other , just outside the gooseberry exhibit . ' 
 ` ah , those good old gooseberries , ' michael laughed . 
 ` it was rather awkward to begin with , ' frances resumed , ` but gradually it got easier . 
 she ended the encounter by inviting me to dinner tonight . 
 apparently there will be many of agnes 's friends there , including lettie hollins , supposedly the queen of all match-makers , and a self-proclaimed expert in all matters matrimonial . 
 she told charlotte that she 'll have me married by the end of the year . 
 is n't that an irksome thought ? ' 
 she grinned . 
 ` if that 's her intention towards me , i 'll endeavour to avoid her attentions at all costs . 
 still , i 'm not going to my aunt 's house purely for lettie hollins ' company . 
 i 'm going there to discuss the wedding plans . 
 apparently there is still much to arrange . ' 
 having said this , she planted a light kiss on the bridge of the kitten 's nose , and returned it to the floor . 
 she began putting her gloves on . 
 at the mention of the word ` wedding , ' michael shuddered . 
 by the time he regained his senses , frances was waiting politely for him to give her leave . 
 the sight of her imminent departure struck him with a sudden fear , and in his mind he groped for the right words . 
 when he eventually spoke , it was heartfelt , but not what he had planned to say . 
 ` do n't go , ' he heard himself say , ` please . 
 stay just a little longer . 
 there 's something important i need to tell you . ' 
 the urgency of michael 's words intrigued frances , but she was running late , and at that moment nothing else seemed to matter . 
 ` ca n't it wait ? 
 aunt will be very cross if i 'm late . ' 
 ` it can wait , yes , but if i do n't say this now , i 'll never forgive myself . ' 
 frances glanced uneasily towards the clock . 
 she had just fifteen minutes to get to wintersleigh . 
 it was impossible . 
 she sighed and gave her full attention to the doctor , who at that moment was looking tense and fidgety . 
 ` very well , ' she said , concerned by his discomposure , ` i 'm all ears . ' 
 having said that , she moved her chair closer to michael , and sat down for his explanation . 
 ` you must forgive me for holding you up , ' michael began . 
 ` i do n't know what has got into me recently . 
 my timing in most things has been decidedly bad . ' 
 he extracted a handkerchief from his pocket , and gingerly began to wipe newly formed beads of sweat from his brow . 
 ` i suppose there is no easy way of saying this . 
 god knows , i have enough difficulty justifying it to myself . ' 
 frances smiled reassuringly , and he went on . 
 ` the thing is , miss norwood , i do n't think i can go through with the wedding . ' 
 frances was thrown off her guard . 
 ` oh , ' she said , in a voice that belied her deep astonishment . 
 ` i see . ' 
 her agitated fingers began to pick at the armrest of her chair . 
 ` i did n't mean to burden you with this , ' michael explained , ` but by the same token , i need to talk to someone about it . 
 the earlier advice you gave me about thomas and jack was absolutely invaluable . 
 once i apologised for my christmas day conduct , things were better all round . ' 
 ` have you spoken to george about this ? 
 perhaps he is better able to help you with this than i. ' ` no , he is n't . 
 that is , george and i have already had this discussion . 
 it did n't resolve anything , in fact it made things ten times worse . ' 
 frances was n't exactly sure what to say . 
 ` do n't you think this is a family matter , doctor brearly ? ' 
 she asked gently . 
 ` is there not someone else who can advise you , someone you trust ? ' 
 ` i trust no-one more than i trust you , ' he stated categorically . 
 frances was confused by this answer , and hardly knew how to address him . 
 ` how can you say that , after the new year 's eve episode ? 
 i know you said you respected me for leaving wintersleigh when i did , but i was n't entirely blameless during the incident itself . 
 i did , after all , allow george to kiss me . ' 
 ` i think we both know that george was entirely to blame for that , not you . 
 george confessed everything to me the other morning . ' 
 he averted his distracted attention to the nearby window . 
 frances was troubled by the look in his eyes , and forced herself to speak . 
 ` what is it , doctor brearly ? 
 what is it that troubles you ? ' 
 ` michael , ' he replied , ` it 's michael to you , not doctor brearly . 
 only my patients and acquaintances call me that . ' 
 he looked up at her affectionately . 
 ` very well , michael , what is it ? 
 why can you not marry agnes ? 
 and before you answer me , it 's frances to you , not miss norwood . ' 
 michael looked a picture of fidgety nervousness . 
 ` there are many reasons , frances , why i am not willing to marry agnes , but only one of them concerns you . ' 
 frances turned to him sharply , but said nothing . 
 ` you see , ' he hesitatingly continued , ` i am , rather you are , no wait , this is not right . 
 i have never told you this , frances , ' he began again in a low voice , ` but i care a great deal about you . ' 
 their eyes met . 
 frances swallowed heavily , but still could not bring herself to speak . 
 ` you must have known , ' he added , almost in a whisper . 
 ` yes , ' she at last murmured . 
 ` i knew . ' 
 ` is that why you left wintersleigh ? ' 
 frances drew a hand to her head and closed her eyes . 
 ` partly , ' she admitted . 
 ` on new year 's eve , agnes discovered george and me out on the verandah . 
 she threatened to tell you what your brother and i had been doing , unless i agreed to leave wintersleigh . ' 
 she reopened her eyes and discovered that michael had moved his chair closer to her . 
 the discovery made her heart beat faster . 
 ` i could n't bear you thinking ill of me . 
 in retrospect , i should have stood my ground and told you everything . 
 still , i was frightened . 
 agnes can be very persuasive when she wants to be . ' 
 michael took frances 's gloved hand and pressed it to his lips . 
 ` and then you left , ' he said . 
 ` i had to , ' frances whispered . 
 ` do n't you see i had no choice ? ' 
 ` why ? 
 why did you have no choice ? ' 
 ` because you were going to marry someone else . 
 if your feelings for me were as i supposed them to be , i was in a hopeless situation . 
 i was so confused . 
 there was , however , one thing i was certain of . 
 i knew that my presence at wintersleigh might destroy your relationship with agnes . 
 i did n't want to ruin your chance of happiness . ' 
 ` what happiness could you possibly ruin ? ' 
 ` agnes 's happiness , jack 's and aunt wentworth 's . 
 those are just a few to start with . 
 the decision you make now has a direct bearing on all the people around you , the people who really care about you . ' 
 ` and what about you , frances ? ' 
 he asked , leaning closer towards her , ` where do you fit into this equation ? 
 is your happiness at stake here too ? ' 
 he gently began stroking frances 's hair . 
 frances readily submitted to his touch . 
 ` this is n't about me , michael , ' she murmured , ` i 'm just one of those left over pieces that never fits into the puzzle . 
 we 're talking about you , and your duty to your family . ' 
 ` but what about us ? ' 
 he questioned , looking down lovingly into her eyes . 
 ` you do n't understand , ' frances breathed . 
 ` why ca n't you see it ? 
 there is no us . ' 
 she gently pulled her hand from the doctor 's grasp . 
 ` there is no us , and there never will be . 
 you 're committed to someone who would sacrifice anything , including the love of a cousin , to keep you to herself . ' 
 her voice began to crack . 
 ` life is n't a fairy tale , michael . 
 we ca n't all get what we want . ' 
 having said that , she got up from her chair and hurried across the room to the sitting room door . 
 she was just about to grab hold of the door handle , however , when michael 's words caused her to falter . 
 ` will you be there at the wedding ? ' 
 he asked in a strangled voice . 
 ` that goes without saying , ' she replied . 
 ` i 'll be there , but , but that will be it as far as you and i are concerned . 
 after the wedding , you wo n't see me again . 
 i do n't know what i 'll do , or where i 'll go , but i 'll think of something . 
 goodbye . ' 
 before michael could reply to this declaration , frances disappeared out the door and into the corridor . 
 her words had left him too stunned to pursue her , and by the time he came to his senses , some five minutes later , it was all too late . 
 frances had set off to wintersleigh in her aunt 's carriage , and by the time a breathless michael reached the front drive , he saw nothing but the receding vehicle in the distance , blurred by the blinding tears in his eyes . 
 chapter forty seven the best man ` what do you mean the church is already being used ? ' 
 louisa shrieked , as she stood with the white-gloved wedding entourage in the foreground of st mark 's anglican church in bellerive . 
 ` my daughter is supposed to be getting married in there in less than half-an-hour ! 
 and pray where is mr hall ? 
 he is supposed to be conducting the service ! ' 
 the reverend william wilby looked indignant . 
 ` my colleague has been indisposed since last month , and i 've been filling his shoes . 
 as for the other matter , it appears that there has been some sort of misunderstanding with the arrangements . 
 perhaps you are booked in at st matthew 's in rokeby . 
 the names are very familiar . ' 
 ` with all due respect , mr wilby , ' louisa resumed heatedly , ` the wentworth family has been attending st mark 's for years . 
 mr hall can testify to that , most assuredly . ' 
 ` but how can there be a misunderstanding ? ' 
 michael cut in impatiently . 
 ` we confirmed these arrangements last week . 
 what 's more , my fiancée 's sister was inside that church only yesterday , arranging all the flowers . ' 
 ` yes , well as i understand it , ' the clergyman said in a slow , deliberate voice , ` this wedding was rescheduled several weeks ago . ' 
 ` that is true , ' louisa admitted , turning towards michael , ` michael tripped ... ' ` i was involved in an accident , ' michael interrupted . 
 ` oh yes , ' mr wilby replied , watching the local doctor with undisguised amusement in his eyes , ` i heard about that . ' 
 he seemed to be trying not to smile . 
 ` very unfortunate . ' 
 michael looked away . 
 ` i knew i should have had this ceremony at rosewood , ' he muttered to louisa . 
 ` mr hall could have come to the house , and then we would n't have had to worry about re-booking the church . ' 
 louisa turned sharply upon her future son-in-law . 
 ` i am not having my daughter married in some drawing room , ' she said scornfully . 
 ` mercy ! 
 nothing but the house of god is good enough for my agnes . ' 
 as she spoke , the feathers on her white , voluminous hat quivered significantly . 
 with a sniff of resentment she returned her attention to william wilby . 
 ` why can we not go inside the church ? 
 what is going on in there ? ' 
 ` the church is filled with mourners , i 'm afraid , ' mr wilby explained . 
 ` i 'm just about to conduct a memorial service for a young man lost at sea . ' 
 the feathers on louisa 's hat stopped quaking . 
 ` oh , ' she said , distributing looks of concern to the onlookers around her , ` that is most unfortunate . 
 was he a fisherman ? ' 
 the wiry minister looked down at louisa through his spectacles . 
 ` no , no , nothing like that . 
 it was tommy fairweather , frederick fairweather 's eldest son . 
 could n't hold his drink . 
 took to the river in a small boat , which by all accounts was not seaworthy . 
 only one oar apparently . 
 was muttering something about circumnavigating bruny island . 
 as i understand it , he did n't get beyond bellerive beach . ' 
 under normal circumstances either george or frances would have sniggered over this remark , but this morning these two guests were strangely silent and aloof . 
 frances was standing at a disinterested distance from the proceedings , and a stony-faced george was leaning against one of the headstones in the small churchyard burial ground , nibbling his fingernails . 
 he was so engrossed with his nails , in fact , that he did not seem to hear louisa 's voice as it resounded loudly across the churchyard . 
 ` i somehow feel that we are getting away from the point , ' she declared rather pettishly . 
 ` the wentworth and brearly families are highly respectable families in this town , and we should be treated with the reverence we deserve . 
 it is not acceptable to keep us standing here in this absurd fashion . 
 look at our guests , ' she said , indicating the impatient gathering with a majestic sweep of her hand . 
 ` you are not only insulting us , but you are also insulting our friends . ' 
 at this point , the timorous charlotte chose to intervene . 
 ` mama , ' she exhorted , ` the longer you keep mr wilby waiting , the longer it will take for him to finish the memorial service . ' 
 louisa dabbed affectedly at her nose with a crisp , white handkerchief . 
 ` very well , ' she said to the young clergyman , ` please continue with your service . 
 i shall incommode you no longer . ' 
 william wilby straightened his back and again looked down at louisa through his spectacles . 
 ` thank you , mrs wentworth . 
 as soon as the service has concluded and the mourners have departed , i will come out here and call everyone in . 
 i shall not keep you waiting any longer than you have to . ' 
 ` and what does that mean ? ' 
 louisa countered . 
 ` how long do you think it will take ? ' 
 ` oh , no more than fifteen minutes , ' he said decisively , ` or thirty minutes at most , ' he continued , a little less confidently . 
 ` i ca n't say with any certainty . ' 
 he turned his back on the wentworth matriarch , and began walking haughtily back to the church . 
 ` this is monstrous ! ' 
 louisa exploded , once the clergyman had disappeared into st mark 's and closed the door behind him . 
 ` agnes will be arriving here shortly and what am i to tell her ? 
 that she shall have to wait ? ' 
 in the background , the wedding guests were impatiently consulting their watches . 
 ` oh , my poor harold , ' louisa resumed sadly , ` he would turn in his grave if he could see what was happening . 
 this is such an intolerable state of affairs . ' 
 ` louisa , ' michael said , squeezing her arm reassuringly , ` please do n't distress yourself over this . 
 there is nothing to be done about it . ' 
 ` i have every right to be distressed ! 
 my daughter 's wedding and breakfast are about to be ruined , and nobody seems to care three straws ! ' 
 she looked at her guests accusingly , as though they were all mass conspirators in a plot to destroy agnes 's wedding . 
 ` this is an omen . 
 i know it is . 
 you know what they say about march weddings . ' 
 ` louisa , please , ' michael urged under his breath , ` try to remain calm . 
 this is a minor inconvenience only . ' 
 he stepped closer to his future mother-in-law . 
 ` forgive me for saying this , louisa , but you are making things ten times worse . 
 there is nothing we can do . 
 moreover , what difference does thirty minutes make ? ' 
 louisa pursed her lips resentfully . 
 ` i just wanted everything to be perfect . 
 is that so wrong of me ? ' 
 ` not at all , mama , ' charlotte said , taking one of her mother 's hands in her own , ` but michael is right . 
 this delay is beyond our control . 
 why do n't we return to the carriage ? 
 there is no point standing out here in the sun . ' 
 louisa nodded miserably , and having no more energy left to protest , she let charlotte lead her to the conveyance . 
 other guests soon followed suit , and a short time later , groups of people were to be found in carriages , standing under parasols in the sun , or chatting beneath the shady canopy of the trees that bordered the churchyard . 
 michael and frances were two such people who sought this welcome shade , and while they had not planned their meeting , their pairing was still conspicuous . 
 they were therefore resolved to stand apart , and while they waited the fifteen minutes for agnes to arrive , they focussed their attention on little jack maycroft , who had just started chasing a lizard along the white , picket fence-line . 
 the longer frances and michael waited , however , the more uncomfortable they grew . 
 by the time agnes 's carriage was spotted down the end of the road , michael had loosened his necktie three times , wiped dirt from his patent leather buttoned boots , adjusted the flower on his frock coat lapel twice , and repeatedly smoothed down his striped gray cashmere trousers . 
 frances was similarly agitated , and as the carriage made its way slowly towards st mark 's , she toyed with her gloves , bit her lip , and dropped her hat onto the grass beneath her , where it was retrieved a short time later by a roving george brearly . 
 she accepted the hat from george with a coldly courteous smile , but she could not bring herself to thank him . 
 memories of his behaviour on new year 's eve came flooding back to her , and while she was tempted to abandon him where he stood , she checked her irritation , and reluctantly remained where she was . 
 ` there you go again , ' george said , with new-found cheerfulness , ` throwing your possessions away . 
 if you continue at this rate , miss norwood , you 'll have nothing left . ' 
 frances made no reply to this , but glanced nervously in michael 's direction . 
 george followed her gaze and rested his eyes on his brother . 
 ` well , well , ' he said , in a confiding tone , ` michael 's looking awfully edgy this morning . 
 if he was any more tense , he 'd have rigor mortis . ' 
 ` well , you 've certainly changed your tune . 
 twenty minutes ago i saw you sulking near the headstones . 
 now that agnes is arriving , you 're almost happy . ' 
 george 's amusement quickly faded . 
 ` you bet i 'm happy , miss norwood . 
 as soon as this tiresome day is over , i 'm heading back to melbourne . 
 my editor is getting twitchy over my belated return . ' 
 he consulted his watch . 
 ` besides , i 'll never have to see agnes or your wretched aunt again . ' 
 ` i 'm sure my aunt will be equally appreciative , ' frances muttered . 
 george glanced at his watch again . 
 ` what the blazes is going on inside that church ? ' 
 ` oh ? 
 you have something else planned ? ' 
 george half-smiled . 
 ` not until a little later , ' he replied . 
 ` i have a surprise for michael . 
 a wedding present , you could say . ' 
 he glanced in michael 's direction . 
 frances began picking at her hat with agitated fingers . 
 ` dare i ask what it is ? ' 
 george chuckled . 
 ` alas , no . 
 i ca n't tell you . 
 that would diminish the effect , somewhat . 
 suffice to say , that it will be completely original . 
 no-one else can give him what i can . ' 
 he straightened up and thrust out his chest . 
 ` i imagine he wo n't like it at first , in fact i 'm certain he wo n't like it , but further down the track he 'll see that the present i gave him was invaluable . ' 
 frances hesitated . 
 ` well it all sounds very intriguing . 
 i look forward to seeing this mysterious gift , whatever it is . ' 
 ` rest assured it will be truly memorable . 
 but enough said on it . 
 if i do n't leave now i wo n't have time to make the finishing touches to my brother 's present . ' 
 he smiled . 
 ` adieu , miss norwood , ' he said , and with a cold , formal tip of his hat , he disappeared behind a clump of shrubs , and promptly out of sight . 
 chapter forty eight ` here comes the bride ' ` ah , here she comes , ' charlotte said , looking in the direction of the approaching conveyance . 
 ` for one minute i thought -- oh well , never mind what i thought , ' she added after a moment 's consideration . 
 frances watched her cousin with probing eyes . 
 ` what is it , charlotte ? 
 what 's wrong ? ' 
 ` it does n't matter , franny , honestly , ' charlotte replied hurriedly . 
 ` i had no right to say anything . ' 
 she kept her eyes fixed to the wentworth family carriage . 
 ` i say , ' charlotte said , hastily changing the subject , ` i thought it very odd that agnes should not include you in the wedding ceremony . 
 i felt sure that she would make you one of the bridesmaids . ' 
 ` why would you think that ? 
 i 'm the last person in the world agnes would ever think to ask . ' 
 ` perhaps she thought that you would upstage her . ' 
 ` now we both know that is not true , but my dear charlotte , it was good of you to say it . ' 
 she took one of her cousin 's hands and squeezed it affectionately . 
 ` i meant it , ' charlotte answered earnestly . 
 ` you surpass agnes with all your qualities and beauty . 
 it was abominably rude of my sister to leave you out of the proceedings . ' 
 ` you speak about being a bridesmaid as though it was something important . 
 really , i have better things to do with my time than trailing after agnes wentworth . 
 what 's more , i 'm just a humble servant in your family 's eyes . 
 your mother , especially , keeps reminding me of it . ' 
 ` do n't say that , ' charlotte said solemnly . 
 ` you 're more than a servant , and you know it . 
 you 're a governess at a very respectable establishment . ' 
 ` the ballards only took me because no-one would take the position . 
 there is a difference . ' 
 ` why do you always put yourself down , frances ? 
 it pains me to hear you speak so . 
 you have a respectable position , where you 're doing something meaningful with your time . 
 best of all , you 're financially independent . 
 surely that 's something to be proud of . ' 
 frances was baffled . 
 ` my dear cousin , since when have you valued financial independence ? 
 i thought you scorned it , like agnes and your mother . ' 
 ` i admit i never used to , but since my marriage , i do n't know . 
 i somehow feel redundant . 
 i sometimes sit there in the house and wonder whether there is something more i should be doing with my life . 
 it all seems like such a waste . ' 
 frances tightened her grip on her cousin 's hand . 
 ` then why do n't you do something about it ? 
 i know . 
 why do n't you come to university with me next year ? ' 
 charlotte 's eyes widened . 
 ` you 're going to university ? 
 but what will you do about mrs ballard ? 
 what about your work ? ' 
 ` do you think i would continue to work at riverview if i had a choice ? 
 not at all . 
 that job is a means to an end . 
 as soon as i have enough money saved up , i 'll leave riverview and enrol at the university . ' 
 charlotte shook her head in bemusement . 
 ` oh , frances , where do you get your ideas ? 
 if mama could hear you now ! ' 
 ` your mother already knows of my plans . 
 i announced them to her last week when i was at dinner . 
 she declared herself to be very upset , so upset in fact that she threatened to cable my mother in melbourne . ' 
 ` and how is your dear mother ? 
 i trust everything is well with her ? 
 how is your soon-to-be step-father ? ' 
 frances was taken aback . 
 ` my step-father ? ' 
 she cried . 
 ` how did you know about that ? ' 
 ` i sent your mother a christmas card , as i usually do , and in reply i got a card signed by aunt lucy , and soon-to-be ` uncle ' herbert . 
 oh frances , why did you not tell anyone about him ? 
 are you not happy with your mother 's choice ? ' 
 ` i 'd rather not discuss this now , if you do n't mind , ' frances returned rather pointedly . 
 ` we have another more immediate wedding to concern ourselves with . ' 
 charlotte looked in the direction of the road . 
 the carriage had just drawn to a halt , and louisa and several wentworth family friends were surging towards it , no doubt eager to catch a glimpse of the blushing bride . 
 ` oh heavens , ' frances breathed . 
 ` it seems the moment has come . ' 
 she looked about the church-yard and spotted michael leaning against a headstone . 
 he too was glancing in the direction of the stationary carriage . 
 her heart lurched . 
 ` i , i think we should join your mother , ' she added . 
 ` i do n't want us to be accused of being apathetic . ' 
 she relinquished her grip on charlotte 's hand , and made a move to leave , but charlotte , it appeared , had n't finished talking with her , and she urged frances to wait a moment longer . 
 ` please say nothing more about my mother , charlotte . 
 it is too painful to discuss . 
 i will try and resolve matters in my own good time . ' 
 ` i 've no doubt that you will , but we need to talk about agnes . ' 
 ` if it 's about this bridesmaid business , then do n't worry . 
 i 'm not offended that she did n't ask me . ' 
 all animation on charlotte 's face disappeared . 
 ` then you should be . 
 she owes you something , some sort of favour after what you did for her . ' 
 frances studied her cousin 's stern face with growing apprehension . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` i may not say a great deal , frances , but what i lack in conversation , i make up for with my eyes . ' 
 she lowered her voice . 
 ` i know what really happened on new year 's eve . 
 do n't ask me how i know , but i do . ' 
 she took frances 's hand again . 
 ` i want to thank you for the sacrifice you made for my sister . ' 
 before frances could protest , charlotte went ahead . 
 ` i know your feelings for michael brearly , and i am well aware that by leaving wintersleigh , you put my sister 's happiness , and the wishes of my family , before your own . 
 i can never thank you enough for it . ' 
 frances 's eyes widened . 
 ` good heavens , charlotte . 
 doctor brearly and i are just good friends . ' 
 she quickly turned away . 
 ` my goodness , how on earth could you come to such an absurd conclusion ? ' 
 charlotte watched her cousin 's discomposure with a knowing smile . 
 ` please forgive me for having the impertinence to meddle in your affairs . 
 it certainly gives me no pleasure to do it , but really , there is no need to be quite so defensive . 
 i know that you 're in love with him . ' 
 frances gasped . 
 ` i 'm not ! ' 
 she declared , rather impulsively . 
 ` i 'm not ! ' 
 she said again , this time less convincingly . 
 charlotte studied frances 's face closely , and noticed that tears were welling in her cousin 's eyes . 
 ` i thought so , ' charlotte whispered . 
 she handed frances a handkerchief , and watched her dab ineffectually at her eyes . 
 ` i thought so . ' 
 frances bit her lip in annoyance . 
 her cousin 's perceptiveness had indeed alarmed her , but not as much as the proceedings that followed soon after . 
 before frances could reply to charlotte 's assertion , she heard her aunt calling out her name . 
 the cousins exchanged looks of curiosity , and linking arms , they set off towards the foreground of the gleaming carriage , where louisa wentworth was standing . 
 around her , a crowd of women , shrouded by a motley assortment of parasols , was huddled together , deep in conversation . 
 as the two cousins approached the conveyance , they knew that something was terribly wrong . 
 louisa greeted the two young women with a grave face . 
 ` get in , ' she instructed in a toneless voice . 
 ` get in the carriage now . ' 
 ` what is it , mama ? ' 
 charlotte queried . 
 ` what is the matter ? ' 
 ` just get inside and i will tell you everything . ' 
 frances and charlotte instinctively peered in through the window of the carriage , expecting to see the bride-to-be and her bridesmaids enshrouded by mists of white satin , ferns and orange blossoms . 
 to their surprise , however , there were just two occupants in the carriage : reverend cyril beckett sitting stony-faced in the corner of the carriage , and michael brearly sitting opposite him , looking equally severe . 
 an envelope sat conspicuously on cyril 's lap . 
 at the sight of him and the envelope , charlotte gasped . 
 ` oh , cyril , my love ! 
 where is agnes ? 
 where are the bridesmaids ? ' 
 cyril beckett said nothing , but motioned his young wife to sit beside him . 
 she promptly did as she was bid . 
 frances too , took a seat on the opposite side , near the door of the carriage , and in the next moment , the carriage door opened again to admit louisa . 
 the vehicle shuddered as louisa moved about , but after sitting down beside her daughter , the conveyance became unusually still . 
 for some time no-one spoke . 
 ` frances , ' louisa said at length , ` you were speaking to george earlier on , were you not ? ' 
 frances looked anxiously about her . 
 ` yes i was , briefly . ' 
 ` and what did he say to you ? ' 
 ` nothing of any consequence . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid you must be more explicit , miss norwood , ' cyril urged , ` for everyone 's sake . ' 
 frances trembled under his scrutiny . 
 ` ah , um , ' she began , ` he , he was talking about returning to melbourne after the wedding -- ' ` and ? ' 
 louisa interjected , ` what else ? ' 
 ` and something about a present , a wedding present for doctor brearly and agnes . ' 
 michael seized upon her words . 
 ` what sort of present ? ' 
 frances smiled uncertainly . 
 ` well i can hardly tell you that , can i ? ' 
 she said , turning slightly towards him . 
 ` it will ruin his surprise . ' 
 ` never mind about that , frances , ' louisa barked , ` just tell us what the present is . ' 
 frances began picking at her gloves . 
 ` well to be honest with you , aunt , i do n't know . 
 george said that his brother would n't like it at first , but he was convinced that the doctor would recognise its value later on . ' 
 ` oh , you dreadful girl ! ' 
 louisa suddenly thundered . 
 ` why did you not tell us about this ? ' 
 frances was confounded . 
 ` what have i done now ? ' 
 ` nothing ! ' 
 louisa screeched . 
 ` that is what you have done ! 
 if only you had told us about this earlier , we might have been able to stop them ! ' 
 she rummaged around in her purse for a clean handkerchief . 
 ` dear , oh dear , ' louisa moaned , ` dear , oh dear ! ' 
 she slumped back in her seat . 
 ` how can this be my fault ? ' 
 frances retaliated . 
 ` i do n't even know what 's happened . ' 
 she looked across the carriage to her cousin . 
 charlotte 's eyes were downcast . 
 ` agnes is missing , ' cyril abruptly announced , ` as is george and the child . ' 
 ` jack ? ' 
 frances cried . 
 ` jack maycroft ? ' 
 cyril nodded solemnly . 
 ` they left a note for michael in the carriage . ' 
 ` and what was in the note ? ' 
 frances probed . 
 ` there 's no easy way to put this , miss norwood , ' he resumed in his most sermon-like tone , ` so i 'll be blunt . ' 
 he paused briefly . 
 ` your cousin agnes and george have taken the maycroft boy from under our noses , and have run away together . ' 
 chapter forty nine the reception although this was not new information for louisa , she nevertheless turned very white and burst into tears . 
 ` oh , that ghastly george ! ' 
 she gasped in between sobs , ` i knew he would be the end of me . ' 
 ` do n't forget , mama , that it takes two people to run away together , ' charlotte pointed out . 
 ` agnes is the other guilty party . ' 
 louisa momentarily stopped crying . 
 ` and how did you come to that conclusion ? 
 george brearly has had a long history of breaking young women 's hearts . 
 my poor agnes is just another one of his innocent victims . ' 
 charlotte looked out the window towards st mark 's . 
 the memorial service had just concluded , and streams of black-clothed mourners were making their way outside , into the dazzle of the hot sun . 
 some were crying , and others needed help just remaining upright . 
 at that moment , it was difficult to tell just which party was more upset . 
 ` you know that 's not true , mama , ' charlotte murmured . 
 louisa fixed her angry eyes on her daughter . 
 ` and what is that supposed to mean ? ' 
 ` agnes has never been innocent , ' charlotte claimed more confidently . 
 ` she 's been getting away with things for years . ' 
 this time it was michael 's turn to speak . 
 ` ladies , please , this is hardly the time for bickering . 
 what matters now is reclaiming agnes before george takes her to melbourne . 
 if we get to the terminal now , i feel certain we can overtake them . ' 
 despite the distraught look on his face , his voice was tinged with hope . 
 ` and what if agnes does n't want to be reclaimed ? ' 
 charlotte rejoined . 
 ` knowing her as i do , i suspect that she does n't wish to be found . ' 
 michael sat forward in his seat and looked earnestly towards charlotte . 
 ` what do you mean by that ? 
 why would she not wish to be found ? 
 she does n't even like george ! 
 why would she want to stay with someone she dislikes ? ' 
 ` ask mama , ' charlotte retorted . 
 ` i 'm sure she 'll tell you about their past attachment . ' 
 all eyes in the carriage swiftly turned upon louisa . 
 the unwelcome attention briefly silenced her , but after she had blown her nose and taken a deep breath , she spoke . 
 ` i admit they shared an affection of sorts some years ago , ' she began slowly , ` but harold and i put an end to it as soon as we found out . 
 george returned to melbourne several days later . 
 as far as i was concerned , it was all over . ' 
 in the background , a disbelieving michael buried his head in his hands . 
 ` agnes and george , ' he was muttering , ` i , i do n't understand . ' 
 ` but it was n't the end , mama , ' charlotte declared , ` it was just the beginning . 
 i have never told anyone this before , but on the day george was banished from hobart , he promised me that he would never let agnes go . 
 i scarcely believed him at the time . 
 but , but then something happened , something recently , that made me change my mind . ' 
 ` go on , charlotte , ' cyril urged , ` tell them everything you know . ' 
 charlotte reluctantly began her explanation . 
 ` when agnes and i were in england , derbyshire to be precise , george suddenly turned up , unannounced . 
 agnes assured me that his appearance was just a co-incidence , and that she would send him away . 
 it took me several weeks to realise that she would n't . 
 he accompanied us wherever we went . ' 
 michael groaned . 
 ` this ca n't be . 
 this is n't true . ' 
 ` they were inseparable most days , until we got to london . 
 there they had a nasty quarrel , and george unexpectedly vanished . 
 agnes told me that she had finally sent him away , and that he had returned to melbourne . 
 she sulked for the next few weeks , and then insisted on cutting short our tour . ' 
 ` mercy ! ' 
 a distraught louisa cried through stifled sobs . 
 ` oh , this is unbearable . ' 
 she dabbed at her swollen eyes with a now sodden handkerchief . 
 meanwhile , a dazed frances remained rooted to her seat . 
 the morning 's disgraceful revelations had had a heavy impact on her , and she was too stunned to say a word . 
 ` i 'm so sorry , michael , ' charlotte said . 
 ` i 'm sorrier than you can imagine . 
 i should have told you , but i could n't betray agnes 's confidence . ' 
 michael lifted his tear-streaked face from his hands , and looked up at the assembled group before him . 
 it was several moments before he could bring himself to speak . 
 ` i had my own reservations about this marriage , ' he conceded . 
 ` i wo n't deny that i did . 
 i verily believed that agnes was too good for me , and that i would n't make her a good husband . 
 but in spite of all this , i was still prepared to give up everything for that woman , everything i held dear . ' 
 at this remark , he looked directly at frances . 
 ` and for what ? 
 what did she leave me with ? 
 nothing . 
 nothing at all . 
 i have no wife , no brother , and as of now , i have no friends . ' 
 he ran a trembling hand through his hair . 
 ` i trusted you all , ' he added in a strangled voice , ` and you all betrayed me . 
 at this moment , i do n't know whose treachery was worse : those who were involved in the affair , those who concealed it from me , or those who persuaded me to go through with the wedding . ' 
 he met frances 's startled eyes . 
 ` do n't follow me either , ' he added , getting abruptly to his feet . 
 ` i just want to be left alone . ' 
 before anyone could reply to this , he ripped open the carriage door , and jumped down onto the ground . 
 after slamming the door behind him , he stalked away in the direction of the road . 
 he had not taken two steps down the road , however , when william wilby set upon him . 
 ` ah , there you are , ' mr wilby said in a disturbingly jovial voice , for someone who had just conducted a memorial service , ` i 've been looking for you everywhere . 
 i am pleased to inform you that the church is now ready for your wedding . ' 
 michael kept walking at a brisk pace . 
 he had just removed his necktie , and held it limply in his hands , along with his hat . 
 ` there is n't going to be a wedding today , mr wilby , ' he declared over his shoulder . 
 ` it has been called off . ' 
 as if to re-iterate this statement , he tore off the rose from the lapel of his frock coat , and flung it onto the ground . 
 ` oh , ' the clergyman replied , ` that is most unfortunate . 
 i hope this is n't a result of the mix up in the arrangements ? ' 
 michael shook his head and kept walking . 
 ` it 's just that i 've had time to consider the incident earlier this morning , and i now know why there was so much confusion with the booking . 
 a young woman came to see me about two weeks ago . 
 i was very busy at the time , but she insisted on speaking with me . 
 she seemed distressed , so i invited her in for tea . ' 
 a disconcerting thought crossed michael 's mind , and he stopped walking . 
 ` what did she look like ? ' 
 ` very pretty , if i may be permitted to say so . 
 mid-twenties . 
 dark hair , refined face . ' 
 mr wilby adjusted his spectacles . 
 ` she was wearing a very fine gold bracelet on her wrist , and i remember passing comment on its beauty . 
 it had the letter ` a ' engraved on it . ' 
 michael closed his eyes and drew a hand to his head . 
 it was the bracelet michael had given agnes on her twenty-fifth birthday . 
 when he eventually spoke , his voice was quavering with anger . 
 ` and may i ask what the purpose of my fiancée 's visit was ? 
 why was she upset ? ' 
 ` she told me that her future husband had been injured , and that consequently , the wedding had to be postponed . 
 she thought the accident was a bad omen for her marriage , and she told me that she was having second thoughts about the union . 
 after talking at length with her , i encouraged her to reschedule the ceremony , but she stressed that the date she had chosen was a tentative one only , and that she would confirm the arrangement closer to the day . 
 it appears now that she never did . 
 my clerk subsequently took the booking for the memorial service , and the rest is history , so to speak . 
 i suppose you want to set another date ? ' 
 ` certainly not , ' michael replied in a biting tone . 
 ` we will never marry . ' 
 ` oh , i see . 
 i 'm sorry to hear it . ' 
 he allowed a few moments of respectful silence to pass . 
 ` and your bride , ' he added . 
 ` have you informed her that there will not be a wedding ? ' 
 ` oh yes , ' michael replied with a wry grin , ` she most certainly knows about this . 
 in fact , it would appear that she knew about this long before i did . ' 
 michael 's face was now mottled with anger , and without saying another word he shuffled off despondently , leaving the young man of the cloth speechless , his eyes wide open in astonishment . 
 chapter fifty bachelors and spinsters for the next few days , a cloud of almost funereal solemnity descended over both rosewood and wintersleigh , and during this time very little stirred within the confines of the walls . 
 while the houses ' occupants locked themselves away from public view , whispering servants stole tentatively around wintersleigh , removing any reminders of the wedding that never was . 
 wedding presents , covered with a veil of elegant lace , were taken away and discreetly returned to their owners , the three-tiered wedding cake , surmounted by a decorative display of iced flowers , was hidden , and even the giant vases were emptied of their floral arrangements . 
 in general , any item that displayed an inappropriate degree of colour or gaiety was removed with equal celerity . 
 and so ended the magnificent dream of a union between miss agnes wentworth and doctor michael brearly . 
 a union of some sorts did eventually take place between the two families , but the news of agnes and george 's wedding two weeks later in melbourne was of no consolation to the families involved . 
 if anything , the information heightened their anger and strengthened their resolve to never forgive agnes and george 's treacherous conduct . 
 jack maycroft 's immediate welfare was also of major concern . 
 george and agnes had taken the child with them to melbourne , just after michael 's ill-fated wedding , and given the dubious circumstances surrounding the child 's disappearance , the families considered involving the police . 
 after receiving legal advice , however , they changed their minds and decided to let the matter rest . 
 agnes wentworth , now agnes brearly , had legal custody of the child , as stipulated in thomas maycroft 's will , and no amount of police involvement could change that arrangement . 
 louisa was so distressed by this last development that as soon as she could manage it , she hastened into town to alter her will , disinheriting her eldest daughter with a swift stroke of her pen . 
 she then gathered together agnes 's few remaining possessions -lrb- whatever agnes had n't taken to melbourne with her -rrb- and in less than an hour , her discarded belongings were distributed to either charlotte or to manifold charities . 
 but in spite of louisa 's suffering , she continued to live her life as though nothing had happened . 
 she was at heart a proud woman , and she was desirous to show the world at large that nothing , not even the loss of her once favourite daughter , could induce her to change her lifestyle . 
 after all , she had reasoned , agnes had sinned , she had not . 
 the doors to wintersleigh were therefore thrown open to anyone who wanted to visit , and to louisa 's relief her acquaintances did not shun her . 
 if anything , they rallied behind her , and lauded her courage and fortitude . 
 little did they know that louisa cried herself to sleep every night . 
 as louisa struggled to maintain her crumbling façade , a withdrawn michael brearly spent his days simply and quietly at rosewood . 
 for an entire fortnight after the aborted wedding , he read none of his mail , and refused to admit anyone into the house , including his patients and friends . 
 all patients with booked appointments were referred to another local physician , and house calls were only made in emergencies . 
 the doctor , it seemed , had become a recluse , and apart from his servants , no-one knew what he did and how he spent his time . 
 frances was one of those people who were ignorant of his movements , though not through want of trying . 
 she had attempted two visits to rosewood house , but was turned away on both occasions , and the one letter she wrote to him a week after the wedding was never answered . 
 while frances understood the reasons behind the doctor 's self-imposed exile , it in no way diminished the pain it caused her . 
 in view of their burgeoning relationship , to be ignored and avoided in this manner was almost cruel . 
 it was now mid-april and almost a month had elapsed since the not-to-be wedding . 
 nothing much had changed in that time , except that autumn was running its course and the bronzed leaves had begun falling from the trees and piling up on the frosty ground . 
 louisa 's façade was still in place , frances was still residing at riverview , and the relationship between frances and michael was almost as cool as the weather . 
 it was a bracing wednesday morning and frances had just endured a particularly trying session with crispin ballard in the schoolroom . 
 he was restless and inattentive , and in no frame of mind to digest frances 's lesson on early french history . 
 at one stage he inserted a pencil up his nose to see how far it would go , an action that almost required the services of a doctor . 
 once the pencil had been removed , an exasperated frances called an end to the lesson , and sent him from the room . 
 a short time later , from her vantage-point at the schoolroom window , frances watched the happily liberated student and his grandfather drive away in one of the ballard family 's many carriages . 
 in crispin 's absence frances wandered miserably downstairs , before eventually making her way into the shrubbery , a secluded spot where she was sure to find some peace and quiet . 
 despite the fact that it was cold outside and the ground was wet underfoot , she was content to rest on the garden seat , amidst a scattering of pastel coloured leaves . 
 it was only when she sat down that she realised how tired she actually was , and leaning forward she drew her hands to her head and closed her eyes . 
 this period of repose , however , was short-lived . 
 it was n't long before the sound of footsteps startled her , and looking up , she discerned the figure of a woman occupying the path up ahead . 
 it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green . 
 her multi-coloured spoils were in stark contrast to edwina 's drab gardening attire , a dowdy brown gown and a rather worn looking shawl that was draped inelegantly about her shoulders . 
 gardening , it seemed , was when edwina was the happiest , and at this moment , she looked the picture of contentment . 
 her wrinkled cheeks were aglow from her morning exercise , and several strands of her wispy grey hair were hanging about her face . 
 it was a far cry from the edwina ballard who swept regally about her house regaled in voluminous gowns and shimmering jewels . 
 frances preferred this mellow side to her employer , and she greeted edwina with an engaging smile . 
 ` my dear girl , ' edwina said , seating herself beside frances , ` you look positively worn down . 
 has crispin been misbehaving again ? ' 
 frances toyed with a leaf that had just fluttered down upon her . 
 ` no more than usual , mrs ballard . ' 
 edwina set her basket of flowers down on the ground and sighed . 
 ` oh dear , ' she said , ` i thought as much . ' 
 she folded her hands on her lap and for some time said nothing . 
 ` i do feel for you , frances , ' she eventually declared , ` i really do . 
 crispin is a dreadful boy and i do n't know how you put up with him . ' 
 she turned her eyes upon frances . 
 ` i would understand perfectly if you wanted to leave me . ' 
 frances shrank back . 
 ` what makes you think that i want to leave riverview ? ' 
 edwina met frances 's gaze freely . 
 ` you are not happy here , frances , i can see it in your face . 
 i have seen it for quite some time now . 
 you have been restless ever since that wedding nonsense in march . ' 
 ` i 'm very grateful for this position , mrs ballard , ' frances tried to explain , ` and i -- ' ` it 's not about gratitude , ' edwina interrupted rather briskly . 
 ` i know the level of your appreciation . 
 what is it , frances ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` what is the matter ? ' 
 frances looked blank . 
 ` i wish i knew , ' she said , breaking pieces off the dried leaf . 
 edwina sat further back on the seat . 
 ` perhaps you are worried about your aunt and how she is coping without agnes . 
 i have heard it from several sources that she is still struggling to come to terms with her daughter 's absence . 
 i considered visiting her yesterday , but after everything that has happened between us , i thought it best not to . ' 
 frances placed the remains of the leaf on the seat and cast edwina ballard a sideways glance . 
 in the three months that she had spent living at riverview she had never discovered the reason for the rift between the two women , and the prospect of finding out now heightened frances 's curiosity . 
 ` i have never told anyone this before , frances , ' edwina began slowly , ` but i feel certain that i can trust you . 
 i am , after all , an old acquaintance of your mother 's . ' 
 she gave frances a friendly smile . 
 ` you may perhaps be wondering why my relationship with your aunt is , at best , strained . 
 naturally , you are too polite to say so . ' 
 frances said nothing . 
 ` the fact is that we have barely spoken since an incident that occurred many years ago . 
 put simply , harold wentworth abandoned me at the altar , in favour of your aunt , louisa norwood . 
 louisa and i were best friends at the time . ' 
 france gasped . 
 ` harold wentworth ! ' 
 ` yes , the very man . ' 
 she rearranged the shawl about her shoulders . 
 ` i will not go into details , but you must know the part that your dear father william played in the episode . 
 whilst he was courting a very pretty young lady by the name of lucy emerson , your mother of course , he discovered harold 's attachment with louisa and tried to get harold to leave her . 
 despite your father 's best intentions , his actions did not result in a successful outcome . 
 on the very morning of my wedding , harold and louisa ran away together and eloped . 
 just like your good friend michael brearly , i was the last to find out . 
 needless to say , that is when i ended my friendship with your aunt . ' 
 ` but she never told me ! 
 my aunt never said a word about it ! ' 
 ` well of course she did n't say anything , frances . 
 it is not something she would like to advertise to the world . ' 
 frances fell into a reflective and troubled silence . 
 ` speaking of the doctor , ' edwina resumed , ` how is the poor man ? ' 
 frances fixed her eyes to a recalcitrant bunch of sweet peas that were threatening to spill out over the sides of the basket . 
 ` i do n't know , ' she replied coolly . 
 ` he receives no visitors and he has answered none of my letters . ' 
 ` do you blame him ? 
 in the space of a few months he has lost his brother , his fiancée , his nephew and his brother-in-law . ' 
 ` i realise the extent of his suffering , mrs ballard , but he was n't the only one to be cruelly used . ' 
 the remembrance of george 's behaviour on new year 's eve returned to her , and she felt a warm flood of resentment surge through her veins . 
 ` george brearly treated me very badly , but i never once considered retreating into myself , and shunning the people i care about most . ' 
 in the background meanwhile , the parlour maid had just led two visitors into the shrubbery , and while the guests waited for a pause in frances and edwina 's conversation , to acknowledge their presence , they stood patiently behind frances . 
 edwina spotted the visitors right away and rose to her feet to greet them , but frances was still oblivious to the newcomers ' existence , and continued talking . 
 not even edwina 's whispered warnings were enough to get frances 's attention . 
 ` i have gone out of my way to accommodate michael , ' frances explained , ` but enough is enough . 
 there is only so much i can do . 
 if he does n't wish to communicate with me , then so be it . 
 i only wish he would be man enough to see me face-to-face , to tell me as much . ' 
 frances would have continued speaking had edwina not tapped her on the arm and alerted her to the fact that they had visitors . 
 ` look , frances , ' edwina was saying in an uncharacteristically loud voice , ` look who has come to visit you . ' 
 she accompanied her words with expressive eye movements . 
 frances followed the direction of her employer 's eyes and slowly turned around . 
 to her surprise , louisa and michael were standing there before her . 
 chapter fifty one love thy neighbour before frances could greet her newly arrived guests , a tearful louisa lurched towards her with open arms . 
 ` oh , frances ! ' 
 she ventured , encircling frances with firm , yet loving arms , ` i can not tell you how exceedingly good it is to see you again ! ' 
 frances surrendered to her aunt 's embrace , but over louisa 's shoulder she gave edwina and michael puzzled looks . 
 ` likewise , aunt wentworth , ' she answered in a voice muffled by her aunt 's hair . 
 louisa soon relinquished her hold on frances and stepped back several paces to where michael was standing . 
 ` my dear girl , ' she resumed , ` my dear , dear niece . ' 
 she extracted a handkerchief from one of the sleeves in her gown and began to dab at her eyes . 
 despite frances 's growing confusion , she was able to make an answer . 
 ` what 's wrong , aunt ? 
 is something the matter ? ' 
 ` the matter ? 
 no , my dear , not at all . ' 
 she sniffed loudly and turned obliquely to michael . 
 he smiled at her reassuringly and she continued . 
 ` it seems that i owe you both an apology , and heartfelt gratitude . ' 
 frances was curious . 
 ` you do ? 
 what for ? ' 
 ` i do not want to go into specifics , frances . 
 heaven knows i have spent the last few months or so dredging up the past . 
 it does n't help in the least . 
 suffice to say that charlotte has told me everything . 
 i now know the real reason why you left wintersleigh , and why you could n't explain your actions to me . 
 agnes had told me earlier that you left because you were trying to get away from george brearly . 
 i believed her of course and did n't give it a second thought . 
 now i realise that you were acting in michael and agnes 's best interests . 
 by putting everyone 's interests before your own , you acted nobly and selflessly . 
 for that i sincerely thank you . ' 
 frances resisted the temptation to grin . 
 ` it was nothing , aunt . 
 really , there 's no need for you to thank me . ' 
 ` stuff and nonsense , ' louisa retorted . 
 ` now , ' she added , turning to face edwina ballard , ` while i am in the process of making apologies , no easy thing for me to do these days , i want to offer you an apology , edwina . ' 
 edwina , who until this moment had been mute in the background , diffidently stepped forward . 
 ` yes , louisa ? ' 
 she said , tightening her grip on her basket of flowers . 
 to frances 's surprise , louisa 's proud face reddened , and she had difficulty meeting edwina 's eyes . 
 ` there is no easy way for me to say this , edwina , so , so i will just come out with it . 
 this whole episode with agnes , whilst it has been heartbreaking for doctor brearly and me , has served as a painful reminder of what harold and i did to you all those years ago . ' 
 tears began to gather at the corners of her eyes . 
 ` until recently , i never really understood all the pain and suffering i caused you . 
 i am exceedingly ashamed of what i did . ' 
 she retrieved her handkerchief again and blew her nose loudly . 
 ` we were friends until that point , and in one foul swoop , i ruined it . 
 i ruined everything . 
 in gaining a husband , i lost the best friend i ever had . 
 i am so sorry , edwina . 
 so very , very sorry . ' 
 at this point she burst into tears . 
 frances had not seen her aunt cry before and she was momentarily unsure of how she should react or behave . 
 for a fleeting moment she rejoiced at seeing her aunt exposed and vulnerable , but spitefulness was not in frances 's nature , and the sensation vanished as quickly as it had surfaced . 
 a new and more powerful feeling rose up from within frances , and she realised with no small degree of surprise , that she loved her aunt , in spite of all her weaknesses . 
 this new awareness compelled frances to act , but before she could take one step towards her aunt , edwina ballard herself surged forward , dropped the basket of flowers at her feet and gathered louisa in her arms . 
 ` oh , louisa , ' she murmured , ` please do not cry . ' 
 she was also overcome with emotion , and for a brief moment , it seemed that she too would burst into tears . 
 ` i forgive you , ' she gasped through quivering lips . 
 ` how could i not ? 
 i forgave you years ago . ' 
 louisa slowly lifted up her head and regarded edwina with a questioning look . 
 ` you did ? ' 
 ` of course i did . ' 
 louisa subsided into her friend 's arms with an overwhelming sense of relief . 
 edwina tightened her grip on louisa , and for some time they clung to each other . 
 gradually , they grew aware of their surroundings , and realised with some embarrassment that they had onlookers . 
 after relinquishing their hold of one another , they turned to face frances and michael , who , in turn , were watching them . 
 louisa and edwina exchanged glances , and they both erupted into laughter . 
 ` oh , my dears , ' louisa cried , ` do n't you mind us . 
 we are just two silly old women . ' 
 ` speaking of silliness , ' edwina replied , ` why are we standing outside in the cold ? 
 let us go inside and get a hot cup of tea . 
 i might even have some scones , if you are lucky . 
 that is if crispin has not eaten them all . ' 
 frances smiled her reply to edwina ballard 's suggestion , but the scowl on michael 's face proclaimed to all and sundry that he wished to remain where he was . 
 ` come on , edwina , ' louisa said . 
 ` you and i will organise the tea , and frances and michael can come in later when they are ready . ' 
 she threw edwina an expressive look . 
 edwina retrieved her basket of flowers . 
 ` that sounds like a very good idea , louisa . 
 it will also give me an opportunity to fix myself up . 
 i feel positively frightful in these clothes . ' 
 she transferred her gaze to michael and frances . 
 ` now , you two , mind you do not stay outside for too long . 
 i do not like the look of those clouds over there . ' 
 she then linked arms with louisa and the two women receded down the garden path . 
 once the women 's figures grew indistinct , michael spoke . 
 ` was that your aunt , ' he asked good - humouredly , ` or a woman in disguise ? ' 
 ` why do you ask ? ' 
 ` i 've never seen that side to louisa before . 
 it suited her immensely . ' 
 frances hesitated . 
 ` i 'm sorry for what i said before , michael , ' she suddenly blurted out . 
 ` i got a little bit carried away . 
 i had no right to say what i said . ' 
 michael turned sharply towards her . 
 ` are you genuinely sorry for what you said , or are you sorry that i overheard you ? ' 
 ` both . ' 
 a strange light came into michael 's eyes . 
 ` i do n't blame you in the least for what you said earlier . 
 after all , it was the truth . 
 i was n't the only one george treated badly . 
 you were also right about me shunning the people i care about most . ' 
 he met her eyes . 
 ` i just could n't face seeing you . 
 not then , anyway . ' 
 ` and now you 're here . 
 what has changed ? ' 
 ` everything , frances . 
 my whole life . ' 
 all at once his face softened . 
 ` i have so much to tell you , i do n't know where to start . ' 
 ` let 's take a walk then and you can tell me all about it . ' 
 michael agreed , and without saying another word , they set off together down the path that led to the fernery . 
 it was only a short walk , but by the time they reached the misty green folds of fern , their cheeks were red and they were breathing out little clouds of vapour . 
 they came to a standstill at the edge of a stream , and in companionable silence they sat themselves down on one of the large fern borders . 
 around them the wind jostled the canopy of leaves , and the flowing water near their feet burbled away over pebbles and moss covered rocks . 
 it was several minutes at least before either of them spoke . 
 ` it 's so beautiful here , ' michael murmured . 
 ` it 's like another world . ' 
 he closed his eyes and inhaled a deep , steady breath . 
 ` i come here to get away from crispin , so as you can perhaps appreciate , i know every conceivable detail of this place . ' 
 michael chuckled . 
 ` i could get used to this . 
 spending time with you , i mean . ' 
 he turned towards her and looked lovingly into her eyes . 
 frances snuggled closer to him . 
 ` i suppose i could put up with it too , if i had to . ' 
 michael nudged her playfully , but said nothing immediately . 
 ` i hate to spoil this moment , frances , but i 'm aware that we do n't have much time left . 
 i have these dreadful images of louisa ploughing her way through these ferns , just to tell us that the scones are ready . ' 
 ` well , what are you waiting for then ? ' 
 frances asked cheekily . 
 ` you 'd better get on with it . ' 
 michael took another deep breath . 
 ` to tell you the truth , i 'm not sure where to begin . 
 i feel certain that i am about to shock you , whatever i say . ' 
 frances remained silent , but urged him to continue with her eyes . 
 ` after a great deal of consideration , frances , i have decided to give up practising medicine . ' 
 ` good heavens ! ' 
 she cried . 
 ` are you in earnest ? ' 
 she studied him with penetrating eyes . 
 ` i most certainly am . 
 it has taken me years to come to this realisation , but i now know that i entered the profession for all the wrong reasons , namely to impress my late father . 
 i 've never enjoyed what i do , and quite frankly , i 'm tired of being around sick people . 
 i 've spent six years putting my patients ' welfare first , often at my own expense , but enough is enough . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . ' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 ` i have made all the necessary preparations for my retirement . ' 
 ` but what about your work ? 
 what will you do as a career ? ' 
 ` i have no idea , ' michael said . 
 ` is n't that novel ? 
 i have no idea at all . 
 i might return to university , but then again , i might not . 
 i just do n't know . ' 
 a perplexed frances continued to stare at him . 
 ` and that does n't worry you ? ' 
 ` no . 
 why would it ? 
 when my parents died some years ago i inherited rosewood . 
 by the time i was twenty-six i had my own home and career and my expenses were minimal . 
 i 've saved a great deal over the years , enough for me to be self-sufficient for the present . 
 actually , speaking of rosewood , ' he added slowly , ` that leads me to my next point . ' 
 the caution in michael 's voice made frances stiffen . 
 ` what about rosewood ? ' 
 she asked . 
 ` i 've just put rosewood on the market and i 'm looking to buy a smaller house closer to town . ' 
 ` but why , michael , why ? 
 rosewood is such a dear old house . 
 what on earth would compel you to leave it ? ' 
 ` bad memories , i suppose you could say . 
 i want to make a clean start as soon as possible . ' 
 frances considered his words . 
 ` i can see your point , but it all seems quite sudden . 
 i scarcely know what to think . ' 
 ` then why do n't you consider helping me find another house , ' michael suddenly suggested . 
 ` me ? 
 oh heavens no , i know nothing about all of that . 
 why do n't you ask my aunt ? 
 she 's very experienced with all that sort of thing . ' 
 ` but i do n't want to ask louisa , ' michael said , lowering his voice , ` i want you to be there when the decision is made . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 michael paused , then gathered up frances 's hands in his . 
 ` because i want to marry you , frances . ' 
 frances almost fell from the fern edging she was sitting on . 
 ` marry you ? ' 
 she repeated mechanically . 
 ` oh dear . ' 
 she looked confusedly about her . 
 ` you can not be serious . ' 
 she pulled her hand away from michael 's , and seeing the look of earnestness in his face , she rose hastily to her feet . 
 the abruptness of his declaration had taken her so much by surprise , that if she had n't clutched a nearby tree trunk when she did , she felt sure she would have fainted away . 
 ` of course i 'm serious , ' michael replied , getting to his feet and standing beside her . 
 ` i 've never been more serious in my life . 
 why do you always question my resolve ? ' 
 ` because , because this is all so sudden , ' she said , fumbling for words . 
 ` not that long ago you were on the verge of marrying agnes . 
 now you have abandoned medicine , relinquished rosewood and are about to compound the mistake by asking me to be your wife . ' 
 ` i love you , frances , ' michael declared , almost in a whisper . 
 ` how can that be a mistake ? ' 
 he paused for an answer , but she made him none . 
 ` it can only be a mistake if you do not return my love . ' 
 he looked desperately into her eyes , as if searching for an answer in them . 
 frances said nothing . 
 ` say something , ' he urged . 
 ` please say something , anything . ' 
 ` i , i ca n't , ' was all frances could manage . 
 ` what do you mean by that ? 
 do you mean that you ca n't say something , or that you ca n't marry me ? ' 
 to frances , the prospect of marrying michael brearly had always been intangible , like a ghost or a dream ; a possibility , but nothing more . 
 with that in mind , she had never seriously entertained the idea , and had certainly never prepared herself for the eventuality of a marriage proposal . 
 now that the dream had become reality , frances was emotionally unprepared , not to mention frightened and overwhelmed . 
 ` i ca n't , ' she heard herself whisper , and before michael could grab hold of her , she fled from the garden into the safety of the house , passing the astounded edwina and louisa on the way . 
 michael remained beside the creek for another few minutes , but when frances failed to return , he found himself returning miserably to the house . 
 louisa and edwina soon accosted him at the door and when they asked him what was wrong with frances , and whether she would be coming down for tea and scones , he found that he could barely speak through his grief . 
 ` please do n't ask me about frances 's intentions , ' he croaked . 
 ` as for myself , i 'm afraid that i must leave at once . ' 
 ` oh my poor dear , ' louisa lamented , ` what is it ? 
 what has happened ? ' 
 ` i wish i could tell you , louisa , but i ca n't . 
 in fact , to be perfectly candid , i think i 've said too much already . ' 
 chapter fifty two some sound advice a week had elapsed since the ill-fated wedding proposal , and in that time the couple had not met again , nor had the matter of the proposal been resolved . 
 on several occasions frances tried to visit michael to offer him an explanation of her conduct on that morning , but every time she attempted the visit , a last minute loss of courage sent her homeward . 
 the longer frances left the explanation , the more difficult it became for her . 
 she was painfully aware that it was her turn to make the next step , but at the same time she did not trust herself to do it . 
 on the eighth day of deliberation , frances resolved to pay michael a visit at charlotte and cyril 's modest house in south hobart . 
 michael had offered to assist cyril in the redecoration of the upstairs apartments , and for convenience sake had occupied one of the spare rooms for the past few days . 
 michael 's presence at the beckett 's house struck frances as being particularly advantageous , for if frances lost her nerve at the last minute and could n't face michael , she could always pretend that she had gone there expressly to visit her cousin charlotte . 
 the next morning , after a sleepless night , frances climbed onto her bicycle and set off towards her cousin 's house . 
 since moving to riverview , she had cycled frequently around new town and through adjoining areas , and apart from receiving the occasional strange look , she had not encountered further abuse . 
 female cyclists were still a rare sight in hobart , but frances revelled in being different from the crowd , and secretly hoped that other women would follow her example . 
 as frances cycled past the drawing room window she inadvertently caught a glimpse of edwina ballard and her aunt wentworth standing together by the french window , drinking tea . 
 both women acknowledged her presence with a hearty wave . 
 frances was thrilled to see the old friends reunited , and fervently wished that time would restore their friendship to the degree of intimacy they had shared before harold wentworth had come between them . 
 fortunately for frances the two older women did n't seem to notice that she was wearing a skirt modified for cycling . 
 frances had made the adjustments herself , and not only was the skirt shorter than usual , but it had a flat bon pleat at the back , with an arrangement of cords that enabled frances to close the skirt after she had mounted the bicycle . 
 the outfit was n't as comfortable or as safe as the bifurcated garments she wore in melbourne , but it was less conspicuous than bloomers . 
 frances reached charlotte 's house just before morning tea , and discovered her cousin almost immediately , doing some weeding in the front garden . 
 charlotte 's face lit up when she saw frances , and dropping her trowel and bucket of weeds , hurried forward to meet her . 
 by this time frances had dismounted her bike , and had rested it against a nearby trellis which was covered with climbing roses . 
 after hugging each other , the two young women entered the house . 
 ` oh , frances , ' charlotte began , once they were inside , ` it 's so wonderful to see you again , even if you are wearing that queer looking skirt . 
 what does mrs ballard say when she sees you wearing it ? 
 i 'm surprised she does n't give you a lecture on femininity . 
 but enough about that . 
 i have something very particular to tell you . ' 
 she smiled , and after untying her gardening apron , placed it on a table beside them . 
 ` let 's go into the drawing room and i can tell you all about it . ' 
 frances was in two minds . 
 ` forgive me if this sounds rude , charlotte , but will there be anyone else in the drawing room ? ' 
 she looked about the room . 
 ` cyril for instance . 
 where is he ? ' 
 ` no , no . 
 cyril is in his room , writing his sermon . 
 we will be all alone . ' 
 frances 's face relaxed into a smile , and without replying she followed her cousin down the potpourri scented corridor , and into the drawing room , where they sat together on the sofa . 
 ` so , what is this news ? ' 
 frances asked conversationally . 
 ` it sounds exciting , whatever it is . 
 you have n't decided to become a university student , like me ? ' 
 she watched her cousin hopefully . 
 charlotte shook her head sadly . 
 ` i 'm afraid not , no . 
 from what the doctor has just told me , it seems that you will have to go by yourself . ' 
 ` the doctor ? ' 
 frances echoed . 
 ` my dear cousin . 
 what is it ? 
 are you ill ? ' 
 ` on the contrary , ' charlotte replied , her face beaming with joy . 
 ` i 'm expecting . ' 
 to emphasise her words , she placed a hand on her stomach . 
 ` oh , charlotte ! ' 
 frances breathed . 
 ` congratulations ! 
 what wonderful news ! ' 
 she gathered up charlotte 's hands and pressed them to her lips . 
 ` what does cyril say to all this ? 
 is he pleased ? ' 
 charlotte hesitated . 
 ` i have n't told him yet . 
 i 'm waiting until he has finished composing his latest sermon . 
 ironically , it 's about the value of families . ' 
 she lowered her voice . 
 ` needless to say that he has been influenced by agnes 's and george 's actions in march . 
 he also fears that jack 's new parents will soon tire of him , and that they will send him back to hobart , for someone else to look after . 
 unlike cyril , i have no worries on that score . 
 i know that jack will be loved and well provided for . 
 agnes and george genuinely love that child , and i know that they would n't relinquish him for the world . ' 
 ` oh that is a pity about cyril , ' frances ventured , not willing to discuss the treacherous george and agnes . 
 ` still , i 'm sure you 'll have ample opportunity to tell him later . ' 
 frances regarded her cousin with increasing affection . 
 ` so , when did you find out about all of this , and who else knows about it ? 
 what did my aunt wentworth say when she heard the news ? 
 when is the little one due ? ' 
 ` oh , frances ! ' 
 charlotte laughed . 
 ` so many questions ! 
 i hardly know where to begin . ' 
 she paused briefly and rearranged her skirts that fell around her on the floor . 
 ` if all goes well , and i 'm praying that it will , the child will be born in october . 
 as for the other question , you 're the only person who knows about this , except for doctor brearly , rather michael brearly . 
 i keep forgetting that he has dispensed with his title . ' 
 the unexpected mention of michael 's name made frances freeze , and without knowing it , she tightened her grip on her cousin 's hands . 
 ` michael knows about this ? ' 
 she asked . 
 no sooner had she asked this question , she began to look fretfully about her . 
 ` it 's all right , frances , michael 's not here . 
 he has been out all morning looking at houses , and i 'm not expecting him to return until after lunch . ' 
 for a few moments frances did n't quite know where to look . 
 ` oh , of course , ' she said , transferring her distracted gaze around the room , ` i should have known that he 'd be out looking for somewhere else to live . ' 
 she let her eyes linger on the nearby mantelpiece that was cluttered with innumerable religious figures . 
 the austerity and oppressiveness of the room suddenly struck her , and she quickly got to her feet . 
 she then walked over to a window that framed an impressive , yet distant view of the derwent river . 
 ` what a lovely view you have , ' she heard herself say . 
 ` if i were you , i 'd spend all my days in front of this window . ' 
 ` oh , frances , ' charlotte said . 
 ` how good you are at changing the subject ! 
 one second we were discussing michael brearly , and in the next moment you started discussing the view . 
 how transparent you are ! ' 
 frances looked stupefied . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 what are you saying ? ' 
 charlotte smiled , and getting to her feet , joined frances at the window . 
 her face was soon chased with light . 
 ` i know this is none of my business , but since we 're alone together , i must say something . ' 
 she faltered for a brief moment . 
 ` michael told me about the wedding proposal , and i must say that i 'm disappointed you rejected him . ' 
 frances 's mouth dropped open in astonishment . 
 ` he told you ? ' 
 ` he did n't want to , ' charlotte explained consolingly , ` but i forced it out of him at any rate . 
 ever since that debacle in march , i vowed never again to stand back and watch everything unfold before me . 
 if only you knew how plagued with guilt i feel ! 
 i knew that george and agnes 's attachment was strong , and i should have said something about it to michael and mama . 
 perhaps if i had spoken out earlier , the whole wedding disaster could have been averted . ' 
 ` my dear charlotte , ' frances cut in , ` you can not blame yourself for what happened . 
 agnes entrusted you to keep her secret , and that is exactly what you did . 
 you have nothing to reproach yourself for . 
 agnes and george are entirely to blame for what happened . 
 they should never have put you in such a difficult position . ' 
 ` i appreciate what you 're saying , ' charlotte hastened to reply , ` but i should have said something . 
 how tired i am of secrecy and falseness . ' 
 charlotte straightened her back resolutely , and rested both her hands on the window sill . 
 ` that is why i encouraged michael 's confession . 
 i simply refuse to stand by and watch two people i care about , make a terrible mistake . ' 
 ` i do n't know exactly what michael told you , ' frances began defensively , ` but i did n't refuse his hand in marriage . ' 
 ` oh , that is good news ! ' 
 ` but , by the same token , i did n't accept him either . ' 
 ` i see . 
 what happened then ? ' 
 frances deliberated . 
 ` it 's hard to say . 
 one minute we were talking outside in the shrubbery , and in the next minute i was in tears , running blindly back to the house . 
 i have n't been able to think straight since that morning . 
 i ca n't sleep . 
 i ca n't eat . 
 even crispin asked me the other day what i had been doing to myself . 
 he said i looked perfectly horrid . ' 
 ` then talk to michael . ' 
 ` but what am i supposed to say to him ? ' 
 charlotte smiled sadly . 
 ` that is all up to you . 
 i 'm afraid i ca n't help you there . 
 ` fancy ! ' 
 charlotte exclaimed , ` i 've just had a thought ! ' 
 she hurriedly crossed the room to a nearby coffee table , and picked up a piece of paper that was on it . 
 ` this here is the list of properties that michael is inspecting this morning and later this afternoon . 
 he wrote them down in case cyril and i needed to look for him . 
 according to this list , all the properties are located this side of the river , and the one he 's inspecting at noon is only a few blocks away . 
 why do n't you ride over to the house and visit him ? 
 if the time is right to say something , say it . 
 if not , you can say nothing about the proposal , and just offer him advice about the house . 
 either way , he 'll know that you care . 
 what do you say ? ' 
 frances began chewing her lip thoughtfully . 
 ` it 's a tempting plan . ' 
 ` go on , ' charlotte coaxed , thrusting the list of properties into her cousin 's hands . 
 ` help michael find a house , before cyril 's brain begins to turn ! ' 
 frances tried in vain to check a smile . 
 ` am i to understand that michael has already outstayed his welcome ? ' 
 ` i 'm saying nothing that will incriminate him . ' 
 ` point taken , charlotte . 
 it seems that i must pay your lodger an immediate visit . 
 for cyril 's sake , i shall encourage michael to buy the first house he sees . ' 
 charlotte chuckled . 
 ` oh really , frances , there 's no need for you to be quite so obliging . 
 i will be just as satisfied to hear that the two of you have had an opportunity to talk . 
 explain to him why you have reservations about marrying him . 
 i will respect you whatever you decide to do , ' she added affectionately . 
 frances sighed loudly . 
 ` yes , ' she murmured , ` you will respect me regardless of the decision i make , but will i ? ' 
 chapter fifty three hill street charlotte was right . 
 the property that michael was due to inspect at noon was only a few blocks away from charlotte and cyril 's house , but while the distance to the house was short , the terrain was rather steep , and by the time frances arrived at her destination , her face was scarlet from over exertion , and she was breathing sporadically in hard gasps . 
 michael , meanwhile , was dressed formally in his best clothes and was standing on the front steps of the house , shaking the real estate agent 's hand . 
 michael did n't see frances straight away , but once he saw her dismounting her bicycle , his face dropped , and he hurried over to her . 
 ` good heavens , frances ! ' 
 he cried , evidently startled by her almost wild appearance , ` what is it ? 
 what is wrong ? ' 
 he took hold of the bicycle and wheeled it up the path to where the bemused agent was now standing . 
 ` it 's nothing , michael , ' frances assured him , ` nothing at all . ' 
 she began self-consciously smoothing down her crumpled bicycle skirt . 
 ` i 've just had an interesting experience cycling up this street . 
 not only was it steep , but several bystanders made some nasty comments about my attire . ' 
 michael grinned . 
 ` well , that will serve you right for being a radical , and for not making use of charlotte 's carriage . ' 
 frances narrowed her eyes at him suspiciously . 
 ` how did you know i was at charlotte 's ? ' 
 michael made no reply , but his beaming face seemed to answer for him . 
 ` mr rogers , ' he said , turning towards the middle-aged agent from rogers and son 's real estate , ` please forgive me for detaining you . 
 i know how precious your time is . 
 allow me to introduce miss frances norwood to you . 
 frances is my , my ... ' he paused and looked questioningly at frances . 
 ` cousin , ' frances professed . 
 ` i 'm michael 's cousin . ' 
 michael smiled his approval , before introducing frances to the agent . 
 once the formality of the introductions was over , frances began to appraise michael 's potential new house . 
 her first impression was that the garden was in a state of disarray , but not beyond help , and the cobbled path leading to the front door was damaged , and would eventually need replacing . 
 as for the building itself , it was a double-storey sandstone house with sweeping cast-iron verandahs on both levels , an ivy covered portico that arched impressively over the front door , and two nondescript chimneys protruding from the roof . 
 the house was at least half the size of rosewood , frances considered , but it struck frances at that moment how similar the two houses were in appearance . 
 ` i can see why you like this house , ' frances murmured to michael , as she accompanied the two men into the house . 
 ` it looks remarkably like rosewood . ' 
 ` does it ? ' 
 michael replied . 
 ` it never once crossed my mind . ' 
 he started laughing . 
 frances turned towards michael and realised with surprise that she had never seen him so happy before . 
 she was tempted to remark on it , but she did n't want to spoil the moment , and ended up saying nothing at all . 
 ` and this here is the drawing room , ' mr rogers was saying haughtily in the background . 
 ` you may notice that this room has recently been re-decorated . 
 the floral wallpaper was ordered from london . ' 
 frances drew michael towards her . 
 ` it 's hideous , ' she whispered . 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 ` my sentiments exactly . 
 it 'll definitely have to go . ' 
 despite mr rogers ' age , his hearing was still sound , and the young couple 's comments did not amuse him . 
 ` shall i continue , ' he asked rather petulantly , ` or would you prefer to look around the house by yourselves ? ' 
 michael chose the latter option . 
 ` very well then , ' the agent replied , ` i shall be waiting outside if you need to ask me any questions . ' 
 he withdrew from the room , closing the door behind him . 
 ` oh thank heavens for that , ' michael remarked . 
 ` mr rogers was beginning to sound like thomas maycroft at port arthur . 
 rest his soul . ' 
 after exchanging meaningful smiles , frances and michael meandered through every ground floor room , discussing almost every feature of the vacant rooms as they went . 
 eventually they reached the staircase , and as they climbed the stairs together , they lapsed into a comfortable , yet short-lived silence . 
 ` i do n't think mr rogers believed that story of yours about us being cousins , do you ? ' 
 michael asked . 
 ` not for a second . 
 still , it was amusing just the same . ' 
 ` yes , it was amusing , but in all seriousness , frances , how am i to introduce you in the future ? 
 do i simply introduce you as my friend ? ' 
 michael faltered briefly at the top of the steps to catch his breath . 
 ` ah , yes , i was wondering when you would bring that topic up . ' 
 ` i assume that 's why you came here . ' 
 ` of course . 
 i owe you an explanation for my conduct . ' 
 ` it 's all right , ' michael assured her , ` there 's no need to explain . ' 
 he walked down the corridor towards the first open door on the left . 
 ` you do n't want to marry me , ' he said , poking his head through the open doorway and inspecting the well proportioned room . 
 ` end of story . 
 i understand perfectly . ' 
 ` it 's not that , ' frances said , following his lead and surveying the etruscan red walls within . 
 ` i never said that i did n't want to marry you . 
 as i recall , i said that i could n't . 
 there 's a material difference , you know . ' 
 michael glanced up at the ceiling and noticed that there were several cracks in the decorative cornice . 
 he then turned his head towards frances . 
 ` and why ca n't you marry me ? ' 
 ` i consider myself a very independent woman . ' 
 ` you are indeed , ' michael acknowledged with an admiring gaze . 
 ` well how can i be married and be independent at the same time ? ' 
 ` i suppose that depends on what you want to do . 
 i understand that you want to study next year . ' 
 ` most definitely . ' 
 ` well , that 's all right . 
 i would n't prevent you from going to university . 
 in fact , if anything , i 'd encourage it . ' 
 frances stood transfixed just inside the doorway . 
 ` you would ? ' 
 ` of course . 
 i think it 's a capital idea . 
 as it happens , i 'm thinking of studying next year too . 
 just think , frances , we could study together . ' 
 his voice echoed as he receded further into the depths of the room . 
 ` you could carry my books around for me . ' 
 ` then if that 's the case , my cartage fees are very competitive . ' 
 michael exploded into laughter . 
 ` forgive me for making sport of you . 
 i feel so ridiculously happy at present that i can take nothing seriously . ' 
 his voice appeared to be getting further away . 
 ` so , ' he shouted out , ` what else is on your mind ? 
 what are your other reservations ? ' 
 ` i do n't want to ruin our friendship . ' 
 after a pause of some duration , michael moved towards frances . 
 in another moment he was standing before her . 
 ` i think you already know the answer to that question . ' 
 he sighed . 
 ` what is this really all about ? ' 
 he asked her earnestly . 
 ` what are you afraid of ? ' 
 ` everything . ' 
 ` and that 's perfectly understandable . 
 i feel the same . ' 
 ` all right then , ' frances replied , exhaling her feelings of frustration , ` this one relates to my aunt and disparaging comments that i have made to her regarding the institution of marriage . ' 
 ` i think i know where you 're going with this line of thought , ' michael ventured . 
 ` you think your aunt will label you a hypocrite if you decide to marry me . ' 
 frances nodded . 
 ` do you know something , frances , ' michael began to explain , ` i 've realised over the past few months that i 've spent my entire life worrying about what people thought of me , and in particular , what they expected from me . 
 i realise now that it was a waste of time . 
 provided it does n't hurt anyone else , do what makes you happy . ' 
 frances was yet again reminded of her mother 's pre - christmas engagement . 
 it was now the last week of april and she still had n't forgiven her mother for deciding to re-marry . 
 ` it would seem that my mother shares your new philosophy . 
 she became engaged not long after i left melbourne . ' 
 ` well i 'll be bound ! 
 what joyous news ! ' 
 michael soon hesitated after seeing frances 's expressionless face through the rich gloom of the chamber . 
 ` it is good news , is n't it ? ' 
 he added with less confidence . 
 ` for her i suppose , but not for me . 
 i do n't think much of the man she is about to marry . 
 he 's a young divorcee . ' 
 michael considered frances 's words carefully before replying . 
 ` i can see why that would be upsetting to you , but you 're not the one who is marrying him . ' 
 he deliberated . 
 ` does this man make your mother happy ? ' 
 frances nodded . 
 ` and do you want her to be happy ? ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 ` then where is the problem ? ' 
 frances fixed her eyes on an ornate fireplace that was nestled into the wall on the other side of the room . 
 ` i , i do n't know , ' she stammered . 
 ` it 's awkward . 
 i have n't had the courage to write to my mother in months . ' 
 ` forgive me for being frank , but i must speak my mind . 
 cherish your mother while she 's still alive , because one day she might not be there . 
 if i were you i 'd make peace with her as soon as you can . 
 if that means telling her how you feel , then do it . 
 but tread lightly . 
 do n't be too harsh on her for what she did . 
 if you ask me , i think she was brave for taking such steps to secure her happiness . 
 if she stood around waiting for people 's permission , she probably would never have received it . ' 
 ` well , at least not from me . ' 
 ` my point entirely . ' 
 for the first time in the conversation frances smiled . 
 she hated to admit it , but michael was right . 
 in the whole scheme of things , what did it really matter if her mother remarried ? 
 her new step-father was n't abusive , mean-spirited or selfish , and it was obvious to all who knew him that he was quite besotted with her mother , a feeling clearly reciprocated . 
 ` i assume from that look on your face that you agree with me . ' 
 ` i 'm still thinking about it , ' she lied . 
 in her mind , however , she was already drafting the contents of an apology letter to her mother . 
 she could barely wait to put pen to paper . 
 ` very well . 
 i 'll say no more . 
 as for our earlier conversation , you were explaining to me why you could n't marry me . ' 
 frances sighed . 
 ` i can hardly remember what i said now , although i 've always been worried about having to submit to my husband . ' 
 ` submit ? ' 
 michael repeated . 
 ` do you really think that marriage is about submission ? ' 
 frances nodded . 
 ` it 's true that one has to make sacrifices and allowances for each other in marriage , ' he said , trying to choose his words carefully , ` but i 'd hardly use the word submission . ' 
 michael looked thoughtful for a moment . 
 ` we 'd both have to give up certain freedoms . 
 it would n't be just you . ' 
 he began to appear out of spirits . 
 ` i did n't realise that your perception of married life was such a negative one . 
 you obviously see it as some sort of prison . 
 as for me , i see marriage as a partnership that provides love , companionship and support throughout the course of a lifetime . 
 i see nothing negative in that . ' 
 despite the gravity of the conversation they were having , michael and frances moved away together towards the large gleaming window that was bordered by a translucent stained glass motif . 
 as frances stood in the foreground of the window , admiring the distant river view , she was comfortably drenched in autumnal light . 
 ` oh , look at this view ! ' 
 she cried , gazing dreamily at the world beyond the glass confines . 
 michael regarded her with a smile . 
 ` you are an odd one , ' he said , following her example and inspecting the view . 
 ` still , i 'm rather fond of you , all the same , ' he added , his eyes twinkling with affection . 
 ` and i 'm quite fond of you too . 
 in fact , if i were really honest with myself , michael , i love you . 
 not that you deserve my affection , ' frances added hurriedly . 
 she sat herself down on the window seat that was built into the recess of the window . 
 ` you 've treated me badly over the past month , and i ca n't help feeling that you only proposed to me because it did n't work out with agnes . ' 
 michael followed suit and sat down . 
 ` if you think that you 're some sort of consolation prize , frances , then you 're absolutely wrong . 
 i 've known for a long time that agnes and i were ill-suited . 
 like two left shoes , i suppose . ' 
 frances took up michael 's hand and squeezed it . 
 ` it 's all right , michael , ' she said , ` i was only teasing you . ' 
 she raised his hand to her lips and kissed it lovingly . 
 with michael 's hand still in hers she then rested her head against the window and watched the progress of a boat as it coasted along the sun-dappled river . 
 ` how beautiful this room is ! 
 if i owned this house , i would undoubtedly make this my bedroom or my study . ' 
 ` well then , ' michael said , tightening his grip on frances 's hand , ` it 's a pity that you sha n't be living here with me , is n't it ? ' 
 frances watched michael with increasing tenderness . 
 ` all right , all right . 
 i can see i 'm going to have to give in . 
 but before you get too excited , i want you to promise me three things . ' 
 the glimmer of hope in michael 's heart began to shine with more intensity . 
 he could barely contain his elation . 
 ` all right then , ' he began , ` i promise i 'll never ask you to carry my books for me . ' 
 ` that 's a good start , but not quite what i had in mind . 
 my thoughts were more directed towards cats . 
 i 'd like at least two more . ' 
 ` done . 
 the more the merrier . ' 
 ` also , i do n't want to marry just yet . 
 i need more time to myself . ' 
 ` good . 
 i have a distinct aversion to churches at the moment . ' 
 frances grinned . 
 ` and last of all , i would like to use this room as my personal study . ' 
 she looked at michael expectantly . 
 ` ooh you strike a hard bargain , ' he said , in a playfully severe voice , ` but i suppose i must give in . 
 i do n't want our relationship to end over this room . ' 
 having said this , he leant towards frances and tucked a golden coil of hair behind her ear . 
 his hand then faltered , and at that moment their eyes met . 
 ` i love you , frances norwood , ' he murmured tenderly . 
 ` i love you . ' 
 frances said nothing , but her eyes , full of love , seemed to answer for her . 
 this look gave michael all the encouragement he needed , and he took frances 's face between his hands and gently drew her towards him . 
 as their lips touched , frances closed her eyes . 
 the feeling of michael 's warm mouth on hers soon filled frances with strange new sensations , sensations she had never felt with george , and she moved closer to him . 
 it was only when mr rogers cleared his throat from the doorway that the couple realised they were not alone . 
 they hastily drew back from each other and looked up at their intruder with guilty , yet self-satisfied , smiles . 
 ` forgive me for disturbing you and your cousin , mr brearly , ' mr rogers ventured , looking a little startled , ` but another gentleman has just arrived and would like to inspect the property . 
 what shall i tell him ? ' 
 michael and frances exchanged quick glances . 
 ` tell him , ' michael began , ` tell him that he is too late . ' 
 the agent raised both eyebrows . 
 ` you wish to take the house ? ' 
 michael turned towards frances , and seeing her nod of approval , returned his attention to the agent . 
 ` no , ' michael answered . 
 ` my fiancée and i will take it . ' 
 he turned to frances and smiled . 
 the agent looked considerably relieved . 
 ` that is very good news indeed . 
 and now that the decision has been made , would you both like to join me downstairs ? 
 i will need this decision in writing . ' 
 ` of course , ' michael said eagerly . 
 ` the sooner this is finalised , the better . ' 
 he followed the agent to the door , but faltered when he realised that frances had n't moved . 
 ` what is it , frances ? 
 are you not coming ? ' 
 ` not right away , no . 
 i just want a few moments to myself , that 's all . ' 
 she smiled reassuringly . 
 ` do n't let me stop you though . 
 i 'll be down soon . ' 
 michael nodded and almost bounded out of the room , leaving frances alone in the peaceful solitude of the room . 
 after a slight tussle with the window , frances managed to get it opened , and the light breeze , imbued with sea salt , filled her nostrils . 
 she sighed contentedly . 
 it was now late april and nearly five months had passed since she had arrived in hobart . 
 the recollection of those months brought a bittersweet smile to her lips , particularly the memory of her first night at wintersleigh , when she had stared into the black vacuum of night from the open balcony door of her bed-chamber . 
 back then her future had been uncertain , but five months on , she had found her direction . 
 as she looked out the window towards the river and distant verdure of the eastern shore , she realised with excitement that there was no limit to what her eyes could now see . 
