 the ozarks to the invasion this is the first in a series of books : coniston fowler and the conspiracy coniston fowler and the typhoon force by lloyd r martin published by lloyd r martin copyright lloyd martin 2012 . 
 published by lloyd r martin at smashwords copyright lloyd martin 2012 . 
 all rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this book , or portions therof , in any form . 
 no part of this text may be reproduced , transmitted , downloaded , decompiled , reverse engineered in any form without written permission from the author . 
 please purchase only authorised electronic editions , and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials . 
 most of the people in this book are fictitious , well some of them are . 
 others are dead , or do n't care that i have used their names . 
 you work out which is which . 
 any resemblance to actual events and incidents are fictional and coincidental , except those clearly in the public domain . 
 this ebook is licensed for you personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase another copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to you supplier and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 - o -- o -- o - chapter one the ozarks 1940 the grass around the fowler place was not exactly lush . 
 there was none , the scrawny chickens had seen to that . 
 it was n't only the chickens to blame , not much grew in porter county , arkansas . 
 hundred year old forests were about all there was stopping the soil dispersing as worthless dust to the four winds , the greyish yellow dirt already coated everything , unless it rained , then it became mud and slush . 
 this same dust was kicked up by 16 year-old coniston fowler as he ran towards the ramshackle old shed where his father had been making another batch of ` shine . 
 smoke was pouring out of the jagged hole in the roof and under the poorly fitting eaves . 
 ` do n't get too close . ' 
 warned connie 's friend keith , ` it might blow again . ' 
 just then the black and white smoke turned bright orange and the roof lifted , broke , and then fell , taking one wall with it . 
 dust and dirt mixed with smoke and flames . 
 connie and keith stopped abruptly by a fallen tree . 
 ` shit . 
 we ca n't do nutin now . ' 
 connie muttered , ` what am i gon na tell ma ? ' 
 keith sank down and sat on the tree trunk to catch his breath . 
 ` your pa was pretty good at cookin ' , this should n't have happened . ' 
 ` well it did . 
 i suppose it had to sooner or later . 
 we never get enough food , but too much to drink . ' 
 the areas of the ozark plateau in north central arkansas have historically been a poor area . 
 there has never been any sort of industrial production . 
 the agricultural fortunes have never been good . 
 the region has experienced short-term economic booms based on cotton -lrb- 20 years to 1900 -rrb- and lumber -lrb- 1900 for 20 years -rrb- . 
 however , both booms were unsustainable because they were based on practices that led to their own destruction . 
 one of the poorest regions in the u.s. , the great depression added to the problems within the ozarks . 
 some farmers were beginning to raise cattle , but there is no money in the whole area . 
 in fact the states of missouri and arkansas in 1940 were still reeling from the depression of the 1930s . 
 whilst these two states were heavily reliant upon agriculture themselves , at least they had good communications and land upon which to base future growth , but to have growth in any area there has to be both long - and short - term investment . 
 the ozarks stood no chance of getting any investment , they had poor roads , poor land , poor people , and not a good record of providing good returns on investments -- indeed it has been said that even god made a bad loss when he tried to make a go of the ozarks . 
 now cattle production is being looked upon as a new hope . 
 not a great white one , but the only thing desperate farmers have to cling on to . 
 small and medium-scale farmers/ranchers began converting forest lands to pasture lands at an increasing rate . 
 connie 's mother , diane-linda coniston tried to be stoical about suddenly becoming a widow . 
 ` we 'll have to be rid of the horse . ' 
 ` florence-mavis ai n't gon na like that . ' 
 coniston referred to his younger sister who treated the horse like an extension to her family . 
 ` there ai n't no way we can afford the feed for it , i do n't even know if ’n we can afford to feed ourselves . ' 
 she said as she threw a pair of her husband 's shoes into what they used as a wardrobe . 
 two days later , connie was chopping wood on an old tree stump when the sheriff came by . 
 he is met on the wooden porch by little florence-mavis . 
 ` ask me inside , i need to talk with your ma . ' 
 he says to the young girl , not seeing coniston , leaning on the axe . 
 ` what you want with our ma ? ' 
 connie called across the dull light brown dirt they called the yard . 
 the lawman turned quickly at the unexpected call . 
 ` i heard about your pa. ' he replied , removing his stetson , ` i 'm sure sorry for you all . 
 it ai n't no concern of mine what was going on up there , but old bob down at the general store reckons your pa owes him for about half a ton of sugar . 
 now , as i say , i ai n't concerned what your pa was up to , but he sure as hell was n't makin ' no fudge . ' 
 ` just get to what you 're a sayin here . ' 
 coniston stood by the tree stump . 
 ` what i 'm a sayin ' here is , ' the sheriff turned , then looked back towards the house door , then back to the 16-year-old , ` what you need to do is get together what money you can , there are gon na be some hard times a-comin your way . ' 
 he started down the steps when flo approached him , ` what about george ? ' 
 she did n't know that the horse had to go . 
 ` i reckon that 's up to your ma . ' 
 said the sheriff as he turned and left . 
 connie walked slowly over to his sister . 
 ` flo , you know last winter we had to let aurelia feed and stable george . ' 
 he took her by the arm and turned her towards the shack they called home , ` well , we 'll be havin to let her do it again , but this time it will have to be more permanent . ' 
 ` will i be able to go see him ? ' 
 little flo asked . 
 ` course you can . ' 
 coniston knew it was probable that she would n't , it all depended on if and how the family stayed together , he knew there was little chance of a smooth transition to the future . 
 the next day connie was talking to his life-long friend , keith cornwell , about the situation . 
 ` there was a guy down at scott 's bakery tellin , about an army recruitment post ` cross in proctor county . ' 
 kc offers this in the hope that it may provide a solution . 
 ` hell , that 's clear seven miles away , how we going to get there ? ' 
 connie responded . 
 ` we could walk it in under three hours . ' 
 it was obvious that keith was in with connie as far as it took . 
 country folk do n't lie in bed long after the sun rises . 
 the very next day connie and kc hit the trail before six , by nine they were walking down the main street of janal , the main township in proctor county . 
 one flag on a pole told them that that was where the recruitment office was . 
 kc dutifully knocked before entering ; ozarks people wait to be invited in before stepping over a threshold . 
 the recruiting sergeant was a typical doughboy , dressed in a uniform reminiscent of world war one . 
 by the time our duo arrived there was already a sizeable queue , connie was eventually seen by the sergeant . 
 the military man was impressed by the young man 's composure , but his dress would impress no-one . 
 he had just come from the hills ; dirty , dishevelled , his clothes had all seen better days ; his jeans looked as if they would stand up on their own . 
 ` why do you want to join the army ? ' 
 straight to the point , the sergeant did not mince his words , or meanings . 
 ` i want to fight . ' 
 neither did connie , the look in his eyes told the sergeant that he meant what he said . 
 ` we ai n't fighting anyone , and we do n't want any troublemakers . ' 
 ` no sir , i ai n't gon na make no trouble . ' 
 connie replied . 
 ` ok son , ' the sergeant continued , ` now , why do you want to join the army ? ' 
 ` there ai n't no livin to be made here . ' 
 ` so you see it as a way out ? ' 
 ` it 's got ta be better than sod-bustin fur nutin here . ' 
 the sergeant rifled through some papers on his desk . 
 ` and you think life in the modern army is easier , do you ? ' 
 ` i reckon things cai n't be much worse than they are here . ' 
 connie was holding his own without giving the real reason why he wanted to be away from the ozarks . 
 the next question was , ` where you from , son ? ' 
 ` porter county . ' 
 a puzzled look came across the sergeant 's face as he turned to a sheriff 's deputy sitting behind him , ` where the hell is that ? ' 
 he asked the man in the dusty pale grey stetson . 
 ` where 'd he say ? ' 
 ` porter county . ' 
 the sergeant turned to coniston and kc for confirmation as he spoke they nodded . 
 ` that must be plumb seven to ten miles away . ' 
 the local lawman replied . 
 ` how did you get here ? ' 
 asked the sergeant . 
 ` we walked . ' 
 connie and kc replied together . 
 the sergeant picked up a pencil and started filling in a form . 
 ` ok , name . ' 
 ` coniston fowler . ' 
 ` any other names ? ' 
 ` no , sir . ' 
 ` how old are you ? ' 
 ` 16 last fall , sir . ' 
 ` that means you are a minor in the eyes of the us army , we will need the consent of your parents . ' 
 he turned to kc , ` you boys together ? ' 
 they did have a ` porter county ' look about them after their long walk . 
 ` yes , sir . ' 
 ` did you finish school yet ? ' 
 in a single succinct sentence the military man illustrated the standards expected were not too high . 
 ` yes , sir , we finished fourth grade . ' 
 coniston and keith were proud to have got through to finish fourth grade with distinction . 
 that showed that they were smarter than average up here in the hill country of the ozark plateau , that and the fact that they had showed such commitment was enough for the recruiting sergeant . 
 he had been told that the army was going to be in need of strong young men , and these two certainly filled the bill . 
 placing the pencil down , the sergeant asked kc , ` how old are you , son ? ' 
 ’16 last fall , sir . ' 
 ` ok , the same applies to you . ' 
 he filled in the name section on the next form , and then handed them to the perspiring young men . 
 ` will there be any problems getting your parents ' permission to join up ? ' 
 kc was first to answer , partly to protect his friend , ` not from mine , sir . 
 i been looking for a way off ’n this hill since i quit schoolin ' . ' 
 ` you ok , too , son ? ' 
 he looked at coniston who had looked away for the first time . 
 ` pa ai n't with us no more . 
 ma , well i do n't rightly know . 
 i 'll ask . ' 
 he replied , more quietly now . 
 they took the forms off the sergeant when he had finished writing more details . 
 ` fill these out , post them to the address on the envelope , and details will be sent out to you . 
 there 's no need to come all the way back here . ' 
 as they turned to leave the deputy asked , ` how you boys fixin ' to get back to porter ? ' 
 ` same way we got here , there 's plenty of daylight left . ' 
 connie answered , ` we ai n't askin ' for what could be offered . ' 
 the deputy looked out of the window , then turned to the boys , ` wilson patterson over yonder 's a-victualin ' up ; his spread 's over porter way . ' 
 he placed his hat back on his head as he stepped into the watery light from a sun still low in the sky . 
 ` i reckon he 'll be glad of some company on the way home . ' 
 keith 's parents were indeed eager for their son to join the army to escape the conditions in porter county . 
 in america in 1940 the war in europe was a long way off , so the army was not looked upon as a hazardous occupation , and it was a lot safer than cutting down trees on the slopes of the ozark hills . 
 connie was not so lucky . 
 ` you will be needed to help me run this here farm , if we can keep it . ' 
 diane-linda had said . 
 ` salmon offered to help there , did n't he ? ' 
 connie was trying to see a way ahead ; his grand-cousin , once removed on his father 's brother 's side , salmon had offered to come and help diane-linda keep the farm . 
 more likely that he was trying to help himself . 
 ` the help salmon offered was conditional . ' 
 she told him . 
 ` how do you mean , conditional ? ' 
 ` he comes to live here , you have to go help his cousin gallop over in budge county . ' 
 ` that 's two counties away , ma . 
 why would i want to do that ? ' 
 ` i know you do n't get on with salmon , but i 'm pretty sure you wo n't get on with gallop either . 
 hell , he 's my pa 's cousin , but i make sure i do n't piss him off . ' 
 ` i heard he 's a nasty piece of work . ' 
 connie admitted . 
 ` you better believe it , boy ; more than a few hands have gone missing up there . ' 
 ` hell , ma , that ai n't no answer , and what would happen to flo-ma , we only just got enough room in here as it is , we can only manage ` cause we are family . 
 where 's salmon think he 's gon na sleep , on the eatin ' table ? ' 
 there was not much furniture in the house , in the two rooms there was only one bed , a table , two rickety chairs , mended several times , two barrels and a sack . 
 what was in the sack is not known . 
 ` there is another option . ' 
 diane-linda turned to look into the doorless wardrobe . 
 ` you and flo could take your pa 's old banjo here and go on the road , sending me all the money you make , so i can get fat on it ! ' 
 ` you know that ai n't gon na work , ma . 
 flo-ma wo n't go anywhere without george , and he ca n't play or sing . 
 we could never make the big time with a sherilee like that hangin ' round our neck . ' 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter two isobel county glen pittinger was not what you could call successful , but in ozark terms he was . 
 he had been running a dry goods store in nearby isobel county for five years with his business partner ira perlin . 
 recently ira had taken him a bride , sherry clinton . 
 the dry goods store had an advantage in that there was living accommodation on top of the shop . 
 for two bachelor farm boys it was adequate , sharing the same room sometimes , depending on how much stock there was to store ; but now ira had to find something more in keeping with a steady married man . 
 he and sherry needed a place of their own . 
 there were plenty of places around for a couple to live on love , but ` love do n't butter no parsnips ' , as the old adage reminds us . 
 sherry 's father had made money in chicago dealing in gold thread . 
 he was now moving back to isobel county to start a small forestry plantation on the slopes of the ozark plateau . 
 ira and sherry came to an arrangement with her father to buy into his forestry business , and move into one of the wooden shacks in the forest they had now acquired . 
 this meant that glen was left with half a store he could n't keep going on his own , so it was agreed that they would sell the store as a going concern in its own right . 
 firstly they would get more for it , secondly , glen would be spared the prospect of having to share his life and living with someone he could n't get on with , there were a lot of people like gallop and salmon in the hills . 
 the owner of the general store in porter county was known to all and sundry as ` old bob ' . 
 he was more aware of di-li fowler 's predicament than most , pa fowler still owed him for two or three loads of sugar when he went to meet his maker in the sky , by a very direct route , and it was now almost a month since the incident . 
 old bob also knew that the dry goods store in isobel county was up for sale , he knew glen and ira , everyone knew about ira and sherry , so bob presumed that glen was selling up , and may need a place to stay and invest in . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter three the revenue men keith cornwell was overjoyed when his parents agreed to sign his enrolment form for the us army . 
 they were pleased that he had the opportunity to better himself in a career with more prospects than here in the ozarks . 
 kc ran across to his life-long friend coniston 's place with the good news . 
 as he approached the last rickety fence he saw a large dust cloud moving towards the same place as him . 
 when a real car , not the usual pick-up truck , came into view kc knew there was something afoot . 
 he stepped down from the fence . 
 his right foot landed on a large stone , he stumbled , and his left hand touched the gritty ground , his right arm circled round . 
 looking up he saw that the car actually had a shine on the paintwork . 
 up here where there was more dust than water it was obvious that here was a stranger . 
 connie saw the dust cloud about the same time as kc . 
 he moved out of the shade of the shed he was in . 
 as the car pulled up in the front yard of dirt connie moved between it and the house as di-li looked through the curtains at the scene outside . 
 two men emerged from the car . 
 one in a continental suit , the other in shirtsleeves , both wore sober ties . 
 ` this the fowler place ? ' 
 suit asked . 
 ` who 's askin ? ' 
 connie replied . 
 ` we 're from the revenue . ' 
 came the dreaded reply . 
 kc approached cautiously . 
 from where he was , he could see shirtsleeves from behind , kc saw he had a gun holster on his belt . 
 all hill people hate the revenue men ; they have a different standard to work to . 
 hill people barely scratch out a living in harsh conditions , with more pride than help from the authorities , they have little or no chance to enjoy themselves . 
 even harvest time in the ozarks is not a time of plenty and rejoicing . 
 it is a time of worry and conservation . 
 usually the only thing they have a plentiful supply of is timber for the winter fires , and that ferocious mountain spirit ; held in high regard over the generations for the tenacity to cling on in the harshest of conditions , and fight off the bitterest frosts of winter . 
 that was what had killed coniston 's father . 
 work in the unyielding barren dirt on the hills did not pay enough to buy the luxuries other americans took for granted . 
 they had to supply their own light , heating , music , entertainment , and alcohol . 
 it was this last thing that the revenue was opposed to ; it was the spirit that pa fowler was cooking up when the still exploded . 
 coniston turned to go back into the shed when he heard the words ` revenue men ' . 
 three dogs shot out into the yard , turned and fled into the woods . 
 shirtsleeves moved his hand towards his gun when he saw coniston head back to the shed . 
 the lace curtains in the shack twitched slightly . 
 kc reached down , picked up a rock and threw it at the man . 
 it caught him in the middle of his back . 
 his arms flew out involuntarily , he cried out as if he had been shot , he thought he had . 
 the rock continued on to hit the side of the car with a loud clang . 
 suit dropped to one knee and reached inside his jacket to grab his own gun . 
 connie made a dash and disappeared inside the dark shed . 
 ` you ok , burt ? ' 
 called suit as he scanned the surroundings . 
 ` i guess so . ' 
 his comrade replied , ` i think there 's someone behind us . ' 
 then two shots rang out almost simultaneously . 
 one came from the shed , the other from the shack . 
 crack , another rock hit the top of the car , bounced off and just missed suit as he looked up to see if he could see burt . 
 one of the shots hit the left wing of the car about eight inches in front of suit ; the other went through the windscreen , leaving cracks clear across the glass . 
 then another rock hit burt 's left shoulder . 
 he spun round , and then realised that he had turned his back on a man with a gun . 
 ` we 'd better get out of here , fast . ' 
 he called as he reached for the door . 
 ` ok ' suit replied as another shot whistled past his head . 
 then di-li put a bullet through the rear door as the revenue men hastily got into their car and drove off in a cloud of dust followed by a hail of rocks thrown by kc . 
 i already told you that ozark people make their own entertainment . 
 this was as good as it gets ! 
 ` we did n't do nuthin wrong . ' 
 exclaimed di-li as she poured tea for the boys . 
 ` the hounds worked well . ' 
 kc commented , ` how long did it take you to train them to cause a diversion two miles away just when you need one ? ' 
 ` oh , yea , they 're damned good at runnin ' away . ' 
 connie replied . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter four mister gideon and glen pittinger old bob , the local storekeeper , did n't know anyone in isobel county . 
 but he knew mister gideon . 
 everyone in the town knew him only as mister gideon , the local lawyer . 
 a resourceful man , he will know someone in isobel , reasoned bob when he went to see mr gideon . 
 ` i do n't see how it 's any concern of yours . ' 
 mr gideon said to bob when asked if he could contact glenn at the dry goods store in isobel and tell him that di-li fowler may be interested in doing a deal . 
 ` truth is , ' explained bob , ` the pa owed me for stuff when he had his accident , the widow ai n't got two beans to rub together , so i figure if she and glenn work something out i might just get paid . ' 
 ` i see . ' 
 glen pittinger borrowed a customer 's pickup for the journey across to porter county . 
 there he met up with mister gideon . 
 they then drove to the fowler place in mister gideon 's chrysler . 
 given the incident of three days earlier with the revenue men , they might have been better using the dusty old pickup . 
 ` connie , put flo under the table n get the shotgun ready , ' di-li called when saw the shiny car heading their way . 
 ` the revenue ai n't had enough by the look of it . ' 
 ` you sure it 's the revenue , ma ? ' 
 connie asked . 
 ` who else would be a commin ' up here in a shiny car i ask you . ' 
 ` they ai n't gon na be no bible pushers in a car . ' 
 admitted connie as he loaded the 12 gauge . 
 di-li grabbed the squirrel gun and checked in the doorless wardrobe for more ammo . 
 as the dark blue chrysler pulled up in front of the battered old picket fence connie looked out to see mister gideon in the driver 's seat , he checked the shotgun without looking at it as he tried to make out who was next to the local lawyer . 
 ` it 's mister gideon , ma . ' 
 he called . 
 ` is he on his own ? ' 
 di-li could n't see from where she was . 
 ` no , i ca n't see the other guy clearly yet . ' 
 ` i ca n't see mister gideon takin ' sides with the revenue , so do n't do anything rash , son . ' 
 then glen got out of the car and connie could see his head and shoulders . 
 ` he ai n't no revenue man , ma . ' 
 di-li and connie greeted their visitors still holding their guns . 
 firearms are not uncommon in the hills , but you do n't usually come to the door armed , unless you are di-li 's father 's cousin salmon or gallop . 
 ` what brings you to this neck of the woods , mister gideon ? ' 
 di-li asked as she held out her hand to shake his . 
 ` this here 's glen pittinger . ' 
 mister gideon turned to glen , who extended his hand . 
 ` we got us some business to discuss , if you could ask us in . ' 
 the men sat around the table , di-li poured more tea . 
 mister gideon opened with , ` glen here is looking for a spread to invest in . ' 
 ` that a fact ? ' 
 responded di-li as she took her place at the rough table , ` how 's that effect me ? ' 
 ` i reckon glenn here is the only guy in three counties with cash on the hip . ' 
 explained mister gideon , ` you have the honour and privilege to be the first person he has approached with a view of doing business . ' 
 ` well , my cousin salmon has made a petition here already . ' 
 di-li did n't want to appear as desperate as she was . 
 ` what glenn here has to offer may be more attractive than your first application . ' 
 ` ok , cards on the table , let 's hear it . ' 
 di-li sat back in her chair , it creaked in an old familiar way that comforted her . 
 she brushed dust from her jeans as mister gideon continued , ` with your man gone you will find it hard to cope here on your own , what with havin the children and all . ' 
 mr gideon began , ` glen has a hankerin ' to buy into a plantation , if the right place can be found . ' 
 ` i 'm a mountain man and i am willing to do the heavy liftin ' around the place in a partnership . ' 
 glen added . 
 di-li looked at the two men , her countenance took on a harder appearance , ` what about the money ? 
 how much are you going to pay , and for what ? ' 
 ` eighteen hundred dollars for half your land . ' 
 glen offered . 
 ` and how in darnation are we to work out which half is yours , and which is mine ? ' 
 di-li responded , ` this is nothin but forest and scrub we got out there . ' 
 mister gideon then put forward the suggestion that he and glenn had worked out . 
 ` the solution is simple , glen here lives in one of the abandoned houses in the woods , the two of you then operate the whole spread as a partnership . ' 
 this was a neat answer because there were plenty of ` abandoned houses ' in the woods . 
 they were actually little more than one-room shacks made from the plentiful timber that grew slowly all around . 
 woodsmen would move into an area , build a shack , and work the in the vicinity . 
 ` i have a better idea , ' di-li said , ` glen , you move in here , and me and the kids will take a house in the woods , there is one with three rooms we can use . ' 
 this suited di-li because if the revenue men returned they would never find her and the family . 
 ` sounds like we have a deal here . ' 
 mister gideon said , looking at the new partners . 
 ` sure looks that way . ' 
 glen rose to his feet and offered his hand to di-li . 
 ` you see to it that i get the money , and we 're in business . ' 
 she looked at mister gideon as she took glen 's hand . 
 four days later connie and flo-ma were loading the last of their family possessions on to the old cart behind george when he noticed a cloud of dust moving towards them . 
 all the guns had already gone to the new house , even the axe was gone . 
 if this was the revenue he was in trouble , he could n't outrun a car with george pulling the old cart , he could n't see them off like he did before , and this time they would have more men , and the local sheriff . 
 in view of what happened the last time they had come , he might not get chance to go home for some time . 
 at best he would allow them to find their new home , and money . 
 the rough hessian sack was the last thing thrown up on to the cart . 
 connie thought of heading into town to throw them off his trail , but that was the direction they were coming from . 
 he had no choice but to stand his ground and see what fate will deliver for him , his little sister , and george the horse . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter five phillippa dewhurst the marching feet of the armed men raised the loose dust from the street . 
 in truth , they were a motley lot , but to keith they looked like a small army practising for manoeuvres . 
 he was in town to sell some eggs and buy some victuals , exactly what and how much he bought depended on how much he could get for the eggs . 
 if he did n't do well they would have to settle for a small sack of beans , if he did not manage to sell any he would have to return home without buying anything , but at least they still had the eggs . 
 the marching group was made up of all sorts of people ; there were even two women in there . 
 phillippa dewhurst still wore the black eye she acquired two days ago in a barn when she tried smoking her father 's clay pipe with some of the pure lataciya he smoked in it . 
 the stubby little farm girl took one drag , tried to inhale , then fell over backwards from the barrel on which she was sitting , much to the amusement of the gathered group who had put her up to it . 
 the black eye came from some piece of agricultural equipment that fell on her as her ` friends ' fell about in fervent laughter . 
 now she was carrying another farm implement ; a pitchfork . 
 some said that she would be more dangerous with this than with a rifle because she was such a bad shot . 
 when out shooting squirrels it was once said that she would fare better if she gave the squirrels the gun and hope they committed suicide . 
 the 11 strong squad wheeled right round a corner ; phillippa 's pitchfork nearly claimed its first victim there and then . 
 it was a shambles . 
 in a practised and drilled squad the soldiers on the inside of the turn slow appreciatively in order for the ones on the outside to keep up . 
 this did n't happen . 
 the men on the outside had to open their stride a lot in order to make the turn at roughly the same time . 
 they called for the inside marchers to slow down . 
 phillippa was one of these asked to slow , but she did n't know what the shouting was about , so she turned to look . 
 freck , the man in front of her slowed as requested just as the pitchfork clipped him on the back of the head . 
 this caused him to drop his shotgun , which discharged as it hit the ground , taking the battered hat off the man in front of him . 
 the front ranks spun round as if to do battle with an unseen enemy . 
 one young man even took a shot at the hat as it flew through the air . 
 keith thought to himself , ` i do n't know who they are gon na fight , but they sure scare the hell out of me . ' 
 the vehicle on the dirt road dropped behind an outcrop of trees . 
 connie could keep track of the progress of the vehicle by its dust cloud . 
 he dare not even turn the cart , lest he gave away the direction of the new home . 
 ` get down in the cart and lie down . ' 
 he said to his younger sister . 
 flo-ma snuggled up to the sack , the smell of the hessien still very evident despite its age . 
 george shuffled his feet as if impatient to get away , but none was keener than connie to get away ; still he stood his ground . 
 a glint shone through the trees every now and then as the vehicle made its way up the mountain trail . 
 connie tried to make out if there was more than one vehicle . 
 if the sheriff were there it would make things even more difficult . 
 with the revenue men connie could say anything he wanted , but the local sheriff was looked on as a respected friend who would not take another 's side without good reason . 
 he wished he could change places with george . 
 a horse does n't have to explain anything , or answer for events . 
 if only revenue men turn up he thought he might get away with saying that di-li had left the state , but that does n't get him off the hook for shooting at government officials . 
 he felt very alone and vulnerable . 
 if they arrest him flo-ma will have to walk george back to the new home ; he could n't decide which one of them would find the way back . 
 then the vehicle pulled into the yard to connie 's right . 
 he could see that it was not a shiny car , nor did the sheriff follow it . 
 he thought it may be glenn , but glenn had sandy hair , and the two men in the grey pickup truck had dark hair . 
 the passenger got out , he was dressed like everyone else around here , jeans , two shirts , two coats , battered hat , everything vaguely dust coloured . 
 when he looked up at the cart connie saw the man 's face for the first time . 
 ` what the fuck do you want round here ? ' 
 connie demanded . 
 the man nodded acknowledgement to the pickup driver , who then drove off . 
 ` you ai n't stayin round here . ' 
 connie called . 
 ` that ai n't up to you . ' 
 the man spoke to connie for the first time . 
 ` you pissed off four years ago and we do n't want you back . ' 
 ` yeah . ' 
 added flo-ma from the cart . 
 ` let 's see what ma has to say about it . ' 
 the interloper said . 
 ` i fail to see how you are going to arrange that , as you can see , we are moving out . ' 
 connie realised that he could n't move off yet , but was relieved not to be negotiating down the barrel of a gun the man standing by the side of the cart that day was connie and flo-ma 's older brother , gordon . 
 ` i heard about pa , ' gordon tried normal conversation . 
 ` i figured that i could be some use to help ma . ' 
 ` more likely to help yourself , like you always did . ' 
 connie countered . 
 ` pa said i could take that money . ' 
 gordon said . 
 ` no he did n't , you are only sayin that cause he ai n't here no more to say otherwise . ' 
 connie took hold of the reins in preparation to move off . 
 ` town 's that way , we do n't want you round here . ' 
 ` well i reckon that ai n't entirely up to you . ' 
 ` maybe , but i ai n't gon na help you . ' 
 with that he turned to the horse and made off down the wooded trail to the new house . 
 gordon followed . 
 ` hi , connnie . 
 everything go ok ? ' 
 di-li finished taking what was left of the doors off a built-in wardrobe as connie and flo-ma entered the not-so-new house . 
 ` no , ma . ' 
 but before connie could put his thoughts into words flo-ma pushed past him and ran into the room . 
 ` we had a visit from gordie , ma . ' 
 ` what do you mean a visit from gordie ? ' 
 connie explained , ` gordie , our long lost no-good brother , turned up at the house . ' 
 ` why , what did he want ? ' 
 ` ask him yourself , ma . ' 
 gordon announced as he stepped into the small room . 
 ` i already told you , ' connie responded , ` you ai n't welcome round here . ' 
 ` now hold on , ' di-li said , ` let 's hear just what he has to say , he is our flesh and blood . ' 
 ` that 's right , ma . ' 
 gordon responded , ` the stones been cast and i belong here . ' 
 ` the hell you do , you gave up that right when you robbed us and took off . ' 
 ` i done told you once , pa said i could have that money . ' 
 ` no he did n't you lying bastard , ' connie turned to di-li , ` ma , did pa tell you that he was giving slime-ball here our money ? ' 
 ` i do n't remember him saying so , but that do n't mean he did n't . 
 i think we should give gordon here the benefit of the doubt . ' 
 ` benefit of the doubt , benefit of the doubt ! 
 i 'll give him the benefit of my boot up his stupid ass . ' 
 ` any time little bro . ' 
 then flo-ma , the smallest person pointed out something not yet mentioned , ` ma , you do n't suppose gordon has heard about glenn 's money ? ' 
 di-li sat down and looked at the table , there was a new cloth spread over the old wood . 
 presently she looked up at gordon , ` have you heard about glenn pittinger ? ' 
 ` who 's that ? 
 glenn what ? ' 
 gordon asked . 
 ` he 's lying again , ma . ' 
 connie butted in , ` he 's pretending he do n't know . ' 
 ` i do n't need to pretend what i do n't know . ' 
 ` mighty strange you turn up just when it looks like ma is gon na get back on her feet again . ' 
 ` i sure am glad to hear that , ma . ' 
 gordon turned to look at his mother , ` and i want to help as much as i can . ' 
 ` i 'll bet you do . 
 just as long as you can get into some money . ' 
 connie would not let go . 
 ` what 's the matter with you , connie ? ' 
 di-li asked her youngest son , ` ca n't we let bygones be bygones and let sleeping dogs lie ? ' 
 ` you got it right there , ma . ' 
 connie replied , ` this lying dog would love you to forget what a low-down thieving bastard he is . ' 
 ` i just about had enough of you . ' 
 gordon then took a swing at connie , who was too quick for him . 
 whilst gordon was off balance connie caught him a swift kick on the backside . 
 this gave connie chance to get the upper hand , he grabbed a stool and began to swing it at his brother 's head when di-li cried , ` no ! 
 not the good furniture ! ' 
 it was only then that connie realised that it was a new stool , so instead of hitting gordon with it he just pushed him away with it . 
 this caused gordon to overbalance . 
 as he reached out with his right hand it fell into the doorless cupboard . 
 as he fell in amongst the coats he came across a squirrel gun . 
 when he emerged with the gun di-li quickly took the skillet off the stove and threatened gordon with it . 
 ` put that squirrel gun down or i will brain you . ' 
 gordon changed from enraged beast to obedient acquiescent son . 
 ` now just you two stop this here bickering , or i 'll bend this here skillet over your heads , then bang them both together . ' 
 ` we got company . ' 
 gordon said to connie then realised that his mother had the backbone and strength of character to run things . 
 ` you boys had better learn to get on . ' 
 she said , turning to connie . 
 ` gordie here says he wants to help around the place , and i for one am not about to refuse any kind of help . ' 
 ` well you will have to do it without me . ' 
 with that connie turned and left . 
 later that day connie was telling keith what had happened . 
 ` what can we do now ? ' 
 this question from keith showed his dedication to his friend and his plight . 
 ` well , our original plan was to join the army . ' 
 connie replied . 
 ` yeah , i got my ma to sing the form yesterday . ' 
 connie picked some dry bark off the log upon which they were sitting . 
 ` i ai n't too sure that is such a good idea now . ' 
 ` well it sure beats sittin ' around on logs a-waitin ' for ants to find your butt . ' 
 keith jumped up momentarily . 
 as he settled himself back on to the log he noticed someone walking up the dusty trail that lead to the cornwell house . 
 there was something strange about this visitor . 
 as the small figure got closer connie called out , ` how did you find me here ? ' 
 ` well , let 's face it , you cai n't hide for toffee . ' 
 ` there ai n't no way you are coming with me -- especially if you ai n't brought george . ' 
 12-year-old flo-ma caught up with connie with no trouble . 
 ` ma said she do n't want you to leave with nuthin . ' 
 she explained to her bigger brother handing him a rough looking package . 
 wrapped in a gunny sack was a squirrel gun , pa 's banjo and a very neatly wrapped blanket . 
 connie looked into the sack only long enough to register the items therein . 
 he turned to his sister , ` tell ma i am grateful for the things here , and i sure am sorry to leave like this , but i could n't live with gordie after what he did , and how he behaves . ' 
 ` ma said to find out what you are intending to do . ' 
 ` we were just discussing that very thing . ' 
 connie slapped keith 's shoulder rather hard , ` keith here wants to join the doughboys carrying a rifle . 
 but he has no idea who to fight . ' 
 ` given the present situation i think it 's the best choice we got . ' 
 keith responded . 
 ` yeah , but i really want to learn to fly an airplane . ' 
 ` the only place you can do that is in the army , they got more planes than anybody else . ' 
 connie turned to his friend with a look of resignation on his face , ` i know that , keith . 
 but they want people with more schoolin ' than we have . 
 to them we is just foot soldiers . 
 now i know that is better than what we have here , but i want to fly . 
 anyway , i did n't get ma to sign my form for the us army . ' 
 ` well , that 's just dandy , ai n't it ? ' 
 keith turned to flo-ma . 
 ` the wright brothers started as bicycle makers over in ohio , but i cai n't see how that helps us . ' 
 connie said as he threw the piece of bark into a rain butt that was half full of water . 
 ` what about the navy ? ' 
 he said , ` i hear they have some planes . ' 
 keith had heard about the us navy . 
 ` ok , wise guy , exactly where do we sign up for the navy ? 
 i do n't see no oceans around here , and i kinda think they like to have things like that , great expanses of water , to sail their ships on . ' 
 ` all right , all right . 
 i see what you mean , we do n't even have a rowing boat no more since phillippa put a shot-gun blast through the bottom . ' 
 keith tried to be more analytical about their situation , ` so what we need is someone with lots of airplanes and a need for people to fly them . ' 
 keith was trying to put a positive slant on things , ` we ca n't join up with the barnstormers , ` cause they have all gone to europe . ' 
 ` ai n't they a-warring over in europe ? ' 
 asked flo-ma , wondering if she was just losing the plot . 
 ` yes , but i do n't see how that can help me get into flying . ' 
 connie replied , ` i need to get trained up first . ' 
 ` wait a minute , ' keith had an idea , ` ai n't the british best pals with canada ? ' 
 ` that 's right , ' connie jumped to his feet in excitement , flo-ma stepped back in surprise , ` i heard that new pilots are being trained in canada for the raf . 
 all we got to do is get to canada . ' 
 keith turned to flo-ma , ` go fetch george . 
 if we stick wings on him , he can fly us up to canada . ' 
 ` i think you ought to look in the blanket ma sent for you . ' 
 flo-ma said to connie . 
 he rummaged around in the sack , found the blanket and withdrew it . 
 he glanced a look at first flo-ma , then to keith , connie slowly unfolded the blanket . 
 inside he found a clean shirt stuffed with money . 
 they headed north , walking for two days through woodland , shooting rabbits , digging for roots , pulses and mushrooms until they got a lift in a ford model t into jefferson city . 
 from there they got a coach to kansas city with some of the money . 
 here is where they try to get work to raise money to continue their journey . 
 this got them as far as des moines , idaho . 
 after two months working bars they moved on . 
 st paul was the next stop . 
 here they got jobs driving pick-up trucks , when keith got one to deliver to duluth they decided not to go back , but to make a concerted effort to get across the border to canada . 
 by the time they reached fort william , canada , connie has turned seventeen , and had convinced himself that he can pass for eighteen , so can join the military . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter six canada the recruiting sergeant at fort william looked very different from the guy connie and keith had met back home . 
 but to the young boys all military people tended to look the same -- clean and with a sense of purpose . 
 ` what can i do for you boys ? ' 
 the sight before master sergeant richard jones was not of two scruffy farm workers from arkansas ; they had taken a lot of trouble to give a good impression . 
 di-li had always told connie that you only get one chance to make a first impression , after that it can be modified , but people always remember that first imprint . 
 ` we 're looking to join up . ' 
 connie spoke up . 
 ` we have been journeying up here to see if we can get into this war that is a going on in europe . ' 
 ` that 's very commendable of you . 
 how old are you ? ' 
 ` we are both eighteen . ' 
 connie was not accustomed to telling lies , but he felt this one was justified . 
 ` just wait here whilst i get the paperwork . 
 have a seat . ' 
 with that richard left the room . 
 five minutes later he returned with a bundle of papers and an officer . 
 the two men sat behind the desk . 
 ` the sergeant here tells me you want to join up . ' 
 captain howard mackenzie watched the boys with suspicion . 
 ` yes , sir . ' 
 both boys answered in unison . 
 richard began leafing through the papers . 
 it seemed these papers were not for connie and keith to use . 
 ` we have to be careful who we take on here , we can not take just about any tom , dick or harry that walks in from the street . ' 
 howard continued . 
 ` do the authorities in the usa want you for anything ? 
 do you have any outstanding warrants ? ' 
 ` no , sir . ' 
 ` where have you come from , and how did you get here ? ' 
 ` we are from porter county , arkansas , sir . ' 
 connie led the explaination , ` we worked for a while in kansas city , then des moines driving trucks . ' 
 howard turned to richard and said , ` phone the police in these two places to make sure . ' 
 then turning to the boys , ` you guys do n't mind if we check , do you ? ' 
 ` no , sir . 
 we ai n't got nuthin to hide . ' 
 the sergeant left the room to make the calls . 
 ` you boys have any paperwork ? 
 passport , driving license ? ' 
 asked the officer . 
 ` yes , sir . ' 
 connie and keith handed over the relevant documents . 
 howard looked through them and gave them back . 
 ` seems ok so far . ' 
 presently the sergeant returned . 
 ` all clear from the states , sir . ' 
 he reported . 
 ` how are you boys at filling out forms ? ' 
 howard asked the two ex-farm workers . 
 connie smiled , ` got a pencil ? ' 
 kitted out , the first thing the new recruits had to do was basic training . 
 being fit and keen this did not prove to be a problem , and they sailed through . 
 next was aircrew selection . 
 their first aircraft was the venerable old avro 504k . 
 there were also tiger moths on station , but connie and keith were given their first lessons in the old ` 504 . 
 after a total of only 4 hours on both aircraft types connie was given the chance to go solo . 
 the weather was calm and clear . 
 connie and keith walked around the aircraft and did the ground checks together , this was not a test to see how either of them did , they were checking the aircraft for servicability and to make sure it was in a fit state and condition to take to the air . 
 ground checks completed connie climbed into the front cockpit , keith jumped on to the wing to wish his friend luck . 
 ` try not to stray too far from the field , ' he remarked , ` you know we will all worry ` cause you are so crap . ' 
 ` just swing that prop , this aint no glider . ' 
 keith jumped down and walked to the front of the aircraft . 
 taking hold of the propeller he called out , ` ignition off , sucking in . ' 
 connie checked the ignition switches , ` ignition off . ' 
 keith then slowly turned the prop the opposite way to which it normally turns . 
 this is to allow fuel to be drawn into the engine . 
 keith then called to connie , ` ignition on , throttle set , full rich . ' 
 connie replied , ` ignition on , throttle set , full rich . ' 
 with both hands on the prop keith gave a mighty haul , allowing himself to be thrown out of the way by the effort . 
 the gipsy major four cylinder inline engine burst into life immediately . 
 keith looked around the aircraft and gave the thumbs up as he pulled the ropes holding the chocks in place . 
 with that connie opened the throttle a little to get the aircraft moving , then moved the lever back . 
 he looked all around to check for other air movements , then gunned the throttle a couple of times to make sure all cylinders were firing . 
 he checked the oil pressure as he rode across the bumpy grass to the take-off point . 
 once there he had enough airflow over the airframe to make the rudder effective , so he kicked hard left rudder and the aircraft slued to a stop . 
 another good look round for other aircraft and connie tightened his straps . 
 the engine was pushing a wind at him that was equivalent to travelling at 60 mph on a motorbike , but still he was sweating . 
 this was the first time he had sat in an aircraft about to take off without someone else correcting any slight error before you crashed and burned . 
 he felt his heart pounding . 
 the little aircraft rocked as connie opened the throttle to over half way . 
 then he switched off one of the magnetos . 
 the engine note changed , he switched it back on , then the other . 
 mag tests done , engine warmed up , all readings ok , one more look around , the sky was clear , no more delays . 
 connie pushed his back into the seat , secured his feet on the rudder pedals and opened the throttle . 
 the aircraft began to accelerate . 
 the bumps in the grass became more noticeable ; he had never realised before how they get more viscous with every dip . 
 will the prop hit the ground when he lifts the tail ? 
 then the left wheel went into a dip . 
 connie quickly looked at the left wing tip of the lower wing , will it dig in and cartwheel him ? 
 he fought the instinct to counter with the controls , but remembered that this kind of thing had happened many times , and he never countered before . 
 just then the left wheel came out of the dip , causing the right wing to drop . 
 speed was building nicely , 20 mph , 25 mph . 
 he pushed forward on the stick to get the tail to lift , he had neglected the fact that there was no-one in the back seat , so the tail was lighter than he was used to , and therefore will lift at a slower speed . 
 up it came giving him a kick in the back at the same time the horizon in front of him shot up . 
 the propeller skimmed the grass . 
 he made the control column come right back to counter the movement . 
 as the fuselage levelled the main wheels left the ground and the bumping ceased . 
 then the tail came very close to the ground as connie pushed the stick to a central position . 
 he knew what he had done , the classic ` kangeroo take-off ' of a novice . 
 but he managed to keep the wings level , then damp out the bounces . 
 hopefully no-one had noticed . 
 now he had only the roar of the engine and smooth , peaceful flight . 
 - o -- o -- o - chapter seven europe once qualified , connie and keith were employed in shipping various aircraft across canada . 
 eventually they were sent to the victory aircraft consortium , ontario to take delivery of a handley page hampden twin engined bomber to be taken to patricia bay -lrb- victoria airport -rrb- . 
 there the aircraft , and they , were taken into 32 ocu . 
 this is where they learned to fly the hampden . 
 day and night they practised all manner of flying activities , including low level torpedo dropping . 
 summer 1941 saw connie and keith on a liner sailing to liverpool . 
 they could not tell how many canadians there were on board , but there were literally hundreds . 
 on rounding the top of ireland they were given instructions on what to do upon reaching port . 
 the air element -lrb- which included them -rrb- was to assemble on the south corner of the dock where an air force officer would meet them . 
 some 150 aircrew were assembled on the dockside that cool summers day . 
 ` its nice to know that someone around here knows what is going on . ' 
 remarked keith . 
 ` who told you that ? ' 
 answered connie , ` you believe everything that is told to you , do n't you ? ' 
 ` well , someone must know what is happening . ' 
 ` and what makes you think that ? ' 
 ` just look over there . ' 
 with that keith nodded towards a treble line of canvas backed trucks that stretched all the way down the dock road as far as the pier head . 
 just then a head appeared out of the roof of the cab of one of the trucks . 
 he wore no hat , which was unusual for a military man . 
 a quick jerk and his shoulders appeared then his waist . 
 he took hold of the ring he had risen from and hauled his legs out . 
 kneeling on the cab roof he reached inside and retrieved his cap , it was an officer 's cap , which he hurriedly placed on his head . 
 next came a megaphone . 
 this impaired him , as he stood upright to address the crowd . 
 ` air element from canada . 
 air element from canada . ' 
 only the fifty or so nearest him could hear him . 
 lowering the megaphone the officer turned to an nco standing close by . 
 ` sergeant-major , get them to quiten down , would you ? ' 
 ` sir . ' 
 the sergeant major about-turned smartly , marched purposefully towards the milling group , halted , and bellowed even louder than the loud-hailer . 
 ` quiet . 
 listen to the officer . ' 
 that did the trick . 
 the throng fell silent . 
 ` thank you sarnt major . ' 
 then through the horn , ` these trucks will take you to your disembarkation points . 
 from there you will be told where to go . 
 fifteen men per truck . 
 you may board now . 
 carry on . ' 
 the megaphone was consigned to the inside of the truck and the officer followed it as the crowd moved to the waiting trucks . 
 upon completing the administrations required connie and keith were given a slip of paper telling them to report to an raf base called syerston where they will be taken on strength of 408 squadron royal canadian air force . 
 at last an operational posting . 
 408 squadron were just working up on the handley page hampden , a twin engined medium bomber nicknamed ` the flying suitcase ' because of its slim , slab-sided fuselage . 
 after only one week to familiarise themselves with the hampden and the surrounding terrain the two ex farm boys found themselves in the boss 's office . 
 ` this is group captain fullerton-thorpe , raf liaison officer here . ' 
 before them stood a slightly built chap in an raf uniform , but what stood out most of all to connie and keith was the gigantic handlebar moustache . 
 ` do you chaps know the samlesbury run ? 
 what , what ? ' 
 ` er , yes , sir . ' 
 connie replied . 
 ` right , you will be going on it tomorrow , what . 
 0600 the lorry will leave from the guardhouse , 24 hour rations will be issued from the mess , so do n't miss brekkers , what , what . ' 
 ` sir . ' 
 ` here is your paperwork , what . 
 you will be picking up aircraft ae354 , do n't let them palm you off with any others , what , what . ' 
 ` sir . ' 
 as they left the office , the door had barely closed when keith turned to connie and said , ` what just happened in there ? ' 
 ` fucked if i know . ' 
 connie replied . 
 ` but you agreed to everything said , what the fuck is the samlesbury run , anyway ? 
 and why did that strange guy have a dead cat under his nose ? ' 
 ` i do n't know what the samlesbury run is , but you do n't let them know that there is something you do n't know . ' 
 ` well , lets see what this paperwork can tell us , it sounded as if we were going to pick up a new aircraft . ' 
 0600 the following day saw our intrepid airmen waiting by the guardhouse , kit packed and ready . 
 they had made enquiries and found that samlesbury is in lancashire , and that the lorry will take all day to get them there . 
 they are only due to take the aircraft on charge the day after , so accommodation will have to be found . 
 also they were warned that it is very rare to be able to get an aircraft on the exact day arranged ; in wartime all manner of shortages , inconsistency of materials , troublesome instruments and engines , any problems will delay flight testing . 
 much to connie and keith 's dismay the truck simply turned around and left them at the gatehouse just as night began to fall . 
 they were escorted to 2 shed where they found ae354 . 
 a lot of work was being done around the engines . 
 ` when will it be ready ? ' 
 asked connie . 
 roy walder was just descending the wooden stairs giving access to the engines , ` we have to give it the primary engine run yet , and there 's no light trap in here , so it will have to be tomorrow before we can even start the engines . ' 
 ` what is a light trap ? ' 
 asked keith . 
 ` it is like a separate room outside the shed . 
 the aircraft is wheeled in there , the shed doors closed , all the lights in the light trap are put out , then the outer doors are opened without spilling any light and giving away our works . ' 
 roy explained . 
 ` and you do n't have one in this , shed ? ' 
 ` no . 
 you see , the main airframes are assembled here in 2 shed . 
 then they go across to 4 shed for flight-testing where they can be moved about freely at night . ' 
 ` why do you call these hangars sheds . ' 
 keith could help himself no longer . 
 ` it comes from the cotton industry around here . 
 when they started building these big hangars they could n't tell anyone that we were going to produce military aircraft . 
 when you do n't tell people what something is , they will name it for you . 
 the same is true of tanks . 
 people thought they were building boilers or tanks , but they were wrong for boilers , so they called them tanks , and still do . ' 
 ` so it looks like we will be having a late start tomorrow . ' 
 connie asked roy . 
 ` i would say very , very late . 
 this crate has not even been outside . 
 we have to do ground runs yet , then test flights before she will be ready . 
 it could take a week , but normally two more days should do it . ' 
 ` ok , bud , how do we get somewhere to sleep tonight ? ' 
 asked keith . 
 ` there 's the myerscough pub just across the road , if they are full , a nice lady a few doors down takes people in . 
 we call her ` auntie chatty ' on account that she talks a lot . ' 
 roy did not prepare them fully for the experience of staying with ` auntie chatty ' . 
 to most people in england at that time packed earth floors were unusual . 
 no lino , or floorboards , packed earth . 
 but connie and keith were used to such things , so felt quite at home . 
 there were only two bedrooms in the little terraced house , auntie chatty had the front room , whilst guests had the use of the back room , food was good and homemade . 
 the availability of the typical english public house next door was not lost on the two airmen . 
 whilst at samlesbury they saw that the new halifax four engined bomber was going into production . 
 ` can we get a look inside ? ' 
 connie asked les , their escort , who then consulted roy walder . 
 roy shook his head , ` you are allowed to look around it , but are not allowed inside . 
 they tell me that tom forrester the mad riveter is locked inside , and it is not safe to go inside whilst he is in there . ' 
 three days later they left samlesbury with a brand new hampden bomber . 
 ` does this mean we now have our own bomber ? ' 
 keith asked connie as they walked across the grass at dispersal . 
 ` i doubt it , buddy . 
 for a start we are both qualified pilots , and there is no room for a second pilot in the flying suitcase . 
 and for another there is too much movement of personnel . ' 
 as they walked into the flight ops hut they were greeted by ` old ft what what ' , the raf liaison officer . 
 ` good flight , what , what ? ' 
 ` yes , sir . 
 no problems , controls crisp , engines sweet . 
 just as it should be . ' 
 ` i want to see you two as soon as you have been de-briefed . 
 what . 
 fourteen hundred in the boss 's office , what , what . ' 
 connie and keith saluted , turned about and left . 
 this was november 1941 , only a matter of weeks before america would be entering the conflict . 
 as they entered they saw old ft what what sitting behind the boss 's desk . 
 ` do n't salute me , ' old ft began , ` i am not wearing a cap , so ca n't return it . ' 
 ` weird lot , these limeys . ' 
 thought connie . 
 ` we have decided to give you guys a go at another aircraft type , what . ' 
 old ft what-what spoke on behalf of the raf and the station commander , ` what we would like you to do is go back to lancashire , at woodford airfield they are testing the new avro lancaster . 
 this is a top secret four motor heavy bomber similar to the halifax you might have seen at samlesbury . 
 what ' ` yes , sir . 
 we did see the new halifax at samlesbury , but they would n't let us in to it . ' 
 connie explained . 
 ` well this time it will be different , what , what . ' 
 fullerton-thorpe stroked his moustache , ` this time we want you to familiarise yourself with the new machine and take it up for a spin . 
 what . 
 not literally you understand , what , what . ' 
 ` shame . ' 
 keith commented . 
 ` same travel arrangements as before , what . ' 
 ft looked at his watch , ` you leave on the 23rd , that 's the day after tomorrow , what , what . ' 
 ` yes sir . ' 
 both pilots saluted , turned and left . 
 the lancaster first flew the previous january , it was powered by four rolls royce merlin xx engines . 
 nearly 70 feet wing span and 70 feet long , it was a lot bigger than the hampden . 
 and the hampden weighed in at about 20,000 lbs , whilst the lancaster was 65,000 lbs . 
 the american pilots were given a day 's lecturing and instruction before they were allowed in to the aircraft . 
 this was only to familiarise them with the internal layout of the bomber . 
 the biggest problem they had with that was the journey from the rear door up through the fuselage towards the pilot 's seat . 
 not far into this clamber was a massive spar . 
 everything was painted matt black , and was sharp and hard . 
 this made the trip even more hazardous . 
 upon arriving in the cockpit they found the view to be much better than expected . 
 they even had side blisters built into the side of the canopy to give the two pilots , or pilot and flight engineer , the ability to look straight down . 
 their instructor came and stood behind the men and explained what all the bits were about . 
 this was hardly possible in the hampden with its tight cockpit . 
 what came next is not possible in the hampden either . 
 ` tomorrow we shall be going through the ground checks , then , if time permits , you will have a dual flight check-out . ' 
 the instructor told them . 
 they had not had a dual flight since leaving canada . 
 the following day they found that the ground checks are mainly done by the ground crew due to the height of the aircraft off the ground . 
 once on board connie began the engine checks , checked the brake pressures . 
 check the idle cut-off and ground/flight switch . 
 ` undercarriage warning lights and flap indicators . ' 
 he called to keith . 
 ` set throttle , lock undercarriage , close bomb doors , check flaps neutral , set props . ' 
 keith responded . 
 ` air intakes to cold , all master cocks off , number two tanks select and on . ' 
 ` check . ' 
 ` selecting master cock , ignition on , booster on , prime engine . ' 
 connie continued , ` ready to start engines . ' 
 the instructor stretched up to look out at the ground crew below . 
 ` ok . ' 
 connie pressed the starter button . 
 the number one engine alongside him turned over hesitantly at first , then the propeller jerked a couple of times as the engine burst into life with billows of smoke from the exhaust stacks connected directly to the 24 cylinders . 
 the row was immense . 
 connie pressed the starter for the engine on the other side , number two . 
 the noise doubled . 
 then engine number three , then four . 
 in order to get both pilots on this flight keith was doubling as flight engineer . 
 as such it was it was his job to monitor the oil pressures , engine temperatures and check the operations of the bomb bay doors and flaps . 
 checks done connie taxied the black bomber round to the main runway at woodford under the very watchful eye of the instructor . 
 before turning on to the main runway connie stopped the aircraft to do his final engine checks . 
 one by one the engines were opened up to full throttle . 
 on each engine there are two magnetos , to test that all eight are working they are switched off one at a time . 
 as each one is switched off the engine note should change , thus signifying that there is workload on that engine when the mag is switched on . 
 all readings being satisfactory connie swung the big bomber on to the main runway . 
 ` clear for take-off . ' 
 came over the radio . 
 with the throttles fully open the aircraft began its take-off run . 
 slowly at first , but more progressively the lumbering aircraft gained speed . 
 connie quickly glanced at the air speed indicator as it approached 45 knots . 
 seconds later he pushed gently on the control yoke , and the gigantic tail section lifted clear of the ground , the control yoke was pulled back to balance the aircraft on the main wheels . 
 slight corrections with the twin rudders to keep the run as straight as possible , and before they knew it the speed had reached an amazing 70 knots . 
 then the weight was transferred from wheels to wings . 
 keith looked out of the side window at the wings stretching out 35 feet either side of them . 
 he was amazed to see the wing tips had bent up about 3 feet . 
 - o -- o -- o -- chapter eight us army air force when the usa entered the war connie and keith transferred to the united states army air force at burtonwood . 
 there they converted to the 4-engined b-17 bomber . 
 on the rear fuselage of the b-17 , just in front of the tailplane , is a small entrance door . 
 two very young airmen approached this for the first time . 
 ` well i think i can get in , ' commented connie with a sly leer at keith , ` but you will have trouble , you big fat lump . ' 
 keith took a swing at connie 's arm , but connie anticipated it and dipped his shoulder as the blow missed and keith 's hand simply slipped across the back of connie 's new leather jacket . 
 ` cheeky thin bastard . ' 
 he replied . 
 ` but do n't worry , we can always lower the ball turret to get you in . ' 
 connie said , pointing at the glass sphere that hung below the belly of the bomber . 
 there were no steps , the sill was just below waist height , connie placed one knee in the aircraft and pulled himself inside . 
 he squatted as he looked around , allowing his vision to get accustomed to the darkness of the interior . 
 keith peered inside whilst keeping his feet on the ground . 
 ` ai n't it funny how all aircraft smell the same ? ' 
 he observed . 
 ` combination of electrical wiring and sweat . ' 
 connie responded as he looked up to see if there was anything impeding his standing up . 
 he could just make out the roof only a few feet above his head . 
 slowly he raised himself , keeping his head bowed to avoid banging it . 
 the aircraft sits on a wheel at the tail end , so this gives the inside a slope up towards the nose . 
 connie moved gingerly forwards , steadying himself on the stringers on either side . 
 as keith joined him , he looked back to the tail gunner 's position in the extreme tail . 
 ` even a dwarf like you will have trouble getting in there . ' 
 he called to connie . 
 the first things they encountered were the .50 cal machine guns of the waist positions , one either side . 
 ` christ . ' 
 exclaimed connie . 
 ` these guys must really get in each other 's way . ' 
 the next obstacle they came across was a pole surrounded by large ammunition boxes , below which , in a hole in the floor was a strange , small metal dome . 
 ` is that what i think it is ? ' 
 asked kc . 
 ` it looks like the top of the ball turret , but it is so small , even i would have difficulty getting in there . 
 it probably opens out a little below what we can see here . ' 
 connie bent down and opened the entrance door that was built into the top of the sphere . 
 both men peered down into a strange , almost alien world . 
 letting out a long whistle , keith said , ` imagine what that must look like at 40,000 feet . 
 no claustrophobics , or agoraphobics , or vertigo sufferers need apply . ' 
 they had to shuffle past the rectangular ammunition boxes and belts of bullets that fed the ball turret , then through a door in the bulkhead into the main navigation section with windows above and to the sides . 
 and another .50 machine gun , complete with ammunition belt right in front of the door they had just come through . 
 connie nearly banged his head on this as he entered the room . 
 when keith came through , connie tapped him on the head to make him think that he had caught something unseen , then connie rattled the ammo belt and made an alarmed sound as if keith had done some real damage . 
 keith bent down even lower , twisted his head round to see what was happening , reached out to steady himself on a chair , only to find that it was a swiveling chair . 
 his hand fell down the back as he stumbled and regained his balance . 
 ` silly bastard . ' 
 he remarked , ` hey , this is ok . 
 we could start a card school in here if we get bored . ' 
 in between two banks of black painted instruments was the next door . 
 connie opened it to find that there was no floor in the next compartment . 
 this was the bomb bay . 
 a narrow walkway led to the forward bulkhead that contained the next door . 
 on either side were vertical racks with straps , pins and other paraphernalia for use with bombs . 
 ` this must be where they put the coffee machines . ' 
 quipped connie . 
 as they moved carefully across the walkway they noticed that small chinks of light came in through the bomb doors far below . 
 the last door opened towards them to connie 's surprise . 
 they were both standing on the walkway , and had to step back in order to open the door . 
 when connie tried to enter the next compartment he found his way restricted by more ammunition boxes and belts of bullets . 
 these were mounted on the frames attached to the top turret . 
 he nearly tripped on the pedestal upon which the turret operator stands . 
 directly in front of this were the two pilot 's seats . 
 ` right , ' said connie , ` let 's get down to business . ' 
 squeezing between the seats they both managed to sit on the bulky straps that would hold them in place during flight and fighting . 
 settling down and getting organised connie drew out the pilot 's manual . 
 methodically he and keith went through the start up procedure without actually touching anything . 
 ` emergency ignition switch on . ' 
 ` master battery switches on . ' 
 ` hydraulic pump switch on . 
 auto . ' 
 ` landing gear switch neutral . ' 
 ` flap control switch , neutral . ' 
 ` set parking brake , that 's you . ' 
 ` full and free movement of flight controls . ' 
 ` prepare to start engines . ' 
 ` all ignition switches off . ' 
 keith announced , ` ground crew to turn propellers for three revolutions on number one engine . ' 
 ` flight engineer to select ` servicing ' on check valve . ' 
 ` hydraulic pressure 600 pounds per square inch pressure . ' 
 ` cowl flaps and return valves to ` locked ' position . ' 
 ` intercooler controls to ` cold ' . ' 
 connie added , ` open fuel shut-off valves . ' 
 ` crack throttles ' keith , ` start fuel booster pump . ' 
 ` check six to eight pounds per square inch pressure . ' 
 ` start engine . ' 
 ` hold starter for 30 seconds , unlock primer and expel air . ' 
 ` move starter switch to ` mesh ' . ' 
 connie made an engine starting sound and jumped up and down in his seat . 
 keith looked at him and said , ` yes , very good . 
 you even smell like a pratt and whitney engine . ' 
 ` now for the fun bit . ' 
 connie announced , we are getting out as if it were an emergency . ' 
 he reached down between the seats and opened a trap door . 
 ` after you , i have to save the ship . ' 
 keith slid down to the lower floor where the front hatch was already open , and just by his feet . 
 no ladder , he simply dropped the five and a half feet to the ground . 
 when connie and keith were sent to deliver a b-17 to wisbech in cambridgeshire they met up with brian kendall and jimmy lee brockbank . 
 all four were posted to hunstanton for operations , but not before connie had met pam . 
 connie flew b-17s from hunstanton . 
 he flew them from there , but his buddies were fond of reminding him that he seldom returned them there . 
 he was originally based at wisbech , further north . 
 whilst there , he had got involved with a local girl . 
 the fowler family 's ancestors originally came from the norwich area , and this cambridgeshire gal 's accent had driven the young connie bonkers . 
 many was the time when his b-17 , named ` fireduck ' , returned from a raid with some problem or other -lrb- occasionally genuine -rrb- causing him to land at the first airfield after they had crossed the coast . 
 he knew that if they came in over the wash the first airfield would be wisbech . 
 after six or seven of these forced landings his crew worked out that they had flown past the whole of east anglia before crossing the coast , so they ordered a shot-gun wedding in the spring of 1944 . 
 ` we are getting sick of sleeping in the aircraft . ' 
 they told him . 
 ` you do n't all have to sleep in the aircraft , ' he countered , ` as long as some-one keeps an eye on things , we 're cool . ' 
 ` what are you doing with that little lady ? ' 
 brian asked . 
 it was his turn to sleep in ` fireduck ' the next time they ` diverted ' . 
 i ai n't doin ' nuthin , ' the mock indignation was evident , ` she wo n't let me . ' 
 ` now , look here , connie . ' 
 brian was connie 's pal on the flight , ` i cover for ya as much as i can , but we got ta know what you intend to do here . ' 
 he led the pilot away from the others for a quiet word . 
 ` what do you mean , brian ? ' 
 brian continued to try to find out if his friend 's intentions were , ` are you just fooling around with this gal , or is it serious ? ' 
 ` to be quite honest , brian , i plumb do n't know . ' 
 connie confided . 
 ` she sure is a sweet little thing , and we have a good laugh together . 
 i see her face light up when she sees me , and i am always happier when i see her , but i just do n't know how serious this thing is . ' 
 coniston was suffering from the doubts all young people feel when first experiencing the early pangs of emotion during times of difficulty . 
 and the difficulty was only just beginning . 
 not only had the eighth air force declared war on europe ; but europe had declared war on the eighth air force ; in particular it 's bases in east anglia . 
 some bases seem to have been singled out for special attention : just as the sun went down on may 15th 1944 , connie , kc , and crew were on final approach to runway 09 at horham . 
 they were returning from bombing v-1 sites in northern france . 
 the sun was setting behind them , they had a wonderful view of the airfield and the suffolk countryside around . 
 as they turned gently over bury st edmonds connie began landing procedures . 
 ` 880 to hotel oscar romeo . ' 
 he called the base , ` request final approach details , over . ' 
 ` hotel oscar romeo to 880 , you are cleared to approach , qfe is 1.3 , over . ' 
 ` 880 , roger that . ' 
 as he turned the automatic flight systems off connie called to keith , ` carburettor filters on . ' 
 keith responded by reciting the next part of his procedure , ` automatic rich , filters on . ' 
 ` gear down . ' 
 connie said to kc . 
 ` green light , tailwheel locked . ' 
 connie asked the flight engineer to assist , ` brian , check ball turret and retract trailing antennae . ' 
 ` roger . ' 
 now connie was waiting for the speed to drop below 147 mph before he lowered the flaps . 
 it is always a good idea to keep a good lookout at all times , especially when approaching an airfield where other aircraft may be doing the same , they could be in difficulties and not have the chance to avoid you . 
 connie looked out of the left cockpit window and noticed a formation of aircraft about 3 miles away . 
 ` they look like they are going into mendlesham . ' 
 he said to keith . 
 as the formation changed course slightly towards them he noticed that these b-17s did not look right . 
 as they drew closer he realised that they only had one engine on each wing , they were twin-engined aircraft , maybe british blenheims , connie thought as he made the call , ` 880 to hotel oscar romeo , do you have a formation of twins in your circuit ? ' 
 ` hotel oscar romeo to 880 , we do not have any twins in the vicinity , can you see them now ? ' 
 flight lieutenant louis birkenshaw was raf liason officer at horsham , as the air traffic controllers in the tower at horsham were waiting for the stragglers to come home he burst into the room , ` the observer corps has a group of ju-88s heading this way . ' 
 he called out to no one in particular . 
 seven ju88s from kg76 were about to attack horham . 
 specially equipped with 20mm cannons and incendiary bombs , they approached the airfield boundary at full speed 500 feet above the ground . 
 then flipped open their dive brake to allow them greater accuracy for their incendiary bombs and cannon shells . 
 the timing was good ; 95th bomb group was in the middle of refuelling and rearming . 
 337th bombardment squadron lost every one of its b-17s . 
 when the germans left a mere 18 minutes later only nine b-17s were left intact across the whole four bombardment squadrons . 
 the loss of life was even more devastating . 
 two hangars were completely destroyed ; all the people in them were killed in the ensuing fires . 
 a total of 1,870 americans were lost in that one raid , mainly maintenance personnel . 
 these are needed to keep the aircraft flying , and such immense losses will take a lot of replacing . 
 the vast production facilities in the usa were turning out b-17s at a rate of up to 175 every month . 
 the maintenance crews were not as easy to produce . 
 this was an achilles ' heel . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter nine eighth air force connie , kc and the crew had been moved to horham in february 1944 . 
 during that early spring the germans started hitting airfields to the east of the gog magog hills using special ju-88 bombers . 
 sudbury , levenham , woodbridge , bentwaters , ruttlesden , horham , mendlesham , great ashfield , framlingham and ridgewell had all been subjected to interdiction missions by ju 88 bombers on a regular basis . 
 the ten airfields mentioned above might not seem a lot , but there were a lot of high value targets there , all highly vulnerable to attack . 
 a bomb group of b-17s can total 64 aircraft on one airfield . 
 the germans had realised that this was a far more effective way of dealing with the americans than trying to shoot their aircraft down one at a time over germany or france . 
 in this first raid on horham the luftwaffe lost four junkers ju88s , 22 aircrew were either killed or taken prisoner , more than 50 % of their force . 
 would they think it worth the losses ? 
 over the next weeks other airfields attacked were sudbury , attacked on the 18th may , woodbridge on the 20th , bentwaters on the 24th , and levenham , all near ipswich . 
 also ruddlesden , mendlesham and great ashfield near bury st edmunds , losses to the attackers were mounting ; of the six ju88s that hit sudbury , two were lost . 
 seven hit woodbridge , three were lost . 
 nine hit bentwaters , three were lost . 
 however , the germans went back and reported that they had destroyed more than 50 b-17s on every raid . 
 the real damage was in the loss of life among the american maintenance personnel . 
 although the three bases still had a total of 53 intact and serviceable b-17s ; they no longer had sufficient personnel and hangerage to keep them flying . 
 during the rest of may and into june ruddlesden , mendlesham and great ashfield were struck in a similar way . 
 the allies thought these were chosen because it was easier to attack them , considering their proximity to the sea . 
 they were to be proven very wrong . 
 to the allies the answer was obvious . 
 withdraw the bombers and replace them with fighters . 
 this played right in to the german 's hands . 
 the p-51 mustangs that flew into the bases were day fighters . 
 the luftwaffe had regular overflights by junkers ju-86p high-altitude spy planes , so they knew this . 
 heinkel he 111 medium bombers took on the role of airfield strike at night . 
 by june the american fighters were finding it difficult to operate effectively . 
 june 5th 1944 was d-day . 
 the day the allies planned to invade and begin to re-take europe . 
 half of the fighters in suffolk were moved closer to the south coast , and all fighter-bombers were now concentrated on the channel . 
 however , the weather was atrocious . 
 just when the moon and tides were right , the english channel threw up one of its biggest storms . 
 the allied strategic commander , eisenhower , decided he had no choice but to postpone for one day . 
 of his meteorological advisors only one , group captain j.m. stagg , raf said conditions would make a landing feasible on the sixth . 
 given the sheer size of the responsibility and number of lives at risk it was decided that the danger of massive loss of life and opportunity was not worth the risk , d-day was postponed again . 
 an added element , not known until recently , was the notification from the code-breakers at bletchley park that the germans were giving off a significant increase in radio traffic just to the north of calais . 
 most of this traffic was german navy coding ; this was the strongest of the enigma cyphers , and the most difficult to break . 
 most of the messages could not be broken and read in less than three of four days . 
 so it was presumed that the german navy , the kriegsmarine , was planning to come down through the straights of dover to attack the allied forces as they sailed across to normandy . 
 this was a risk they could not take . 
 too many american , british , canadian , and other nationalities would be at high risk during the long crossing . 
 as it turned out the germans did not know about the proposed landings at normandy . 
 they were concerned that a crossing might take place at the pas de calais , but the main application of their efforts was not in repelling an invasion . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter ten looking for barges with the destruction of so many b-17s and ground personnel there was now a surfeit of aircrew . 
 this led to connie being posted to a p-38 lightning unit specialising in photo-reconnaissance . 
 one of the first jobs he had was to photograph the barges seen gathering on waterways between dunkirk and ostend . 
 on the early morning of june 21st connie left his new base at luton in a dull green twin-tailed lightning with vivid black and white stripes to fly across the channel in search of german barges and other shipping . 
 when he reached the thames estuary at southend he altered course slightly to overfly margate and ramsgate . 
 this then led him straight across the straits of dover to landfall at dunkirk . 
 there he turned left and followed the coast , looking for barges from his height of 10,000 feet , but the cloud cover was obscuring his view of most of the coast , so he went down to 5,000 feet . 
 this was not much better , for most of the time he was actually inside the cloud base . 
 so he dropped down to 2,000 feet , by now he had reached the port of nieuwpoort . 
 it was almost empty . 
 so was ostend . 
 not wishing to waste his mission he continued on to zeebrugge , photographing every empty waterway he came across . 
 visibility was less than 20 miles , so he could not see the wester schelde , but he knew it was there , and it could be holding the vessels he was supposed to be photographing . 
 standing orders prohibited photo-reconnaissance aircraft from flying over the continent unless their mission expressly requested it . 
 connie 's mission did not authorise him to fly over belgium , holland , or france . 
 as he interpreted it , his mission was to photograph the barges that had been seen there on the northern coast of occupied europe . 
 so he continued up the shoreline until he saw the vast estuary of the wester schelde , then he turned right to follow the wide waterway with zeeland on the left . 
 still no sign of the heavy shipping he was sent to find and photograph . 
 when the schelde turned sharp right , he continued on a roughly northerly course over the thin spate of land to the ooster schelde , then further north to grevelingen . 
 by now he could almost see the hook of holland . 
 there was still no sign of barges when connie tipped his left wing down to the vertical to turn for home . 
 climbing to 10,000 feet the clouds slowly dispersed as he made his way back over where the straits of dover meet the north sea . 
 he was further north than on the way out , with margate on his left horizon ; he was heading for foulness island to make landfall back in the uk . 
 he looked to the right , over a vast expanse of sea in case there was an aircraft sent out from one of the german fighter bases to intercept him . 
 then he saw , about 20 miles away something that looked like white lines on the sea . 
 he turned right to investigate . 
 seven minutes later he found what he had been sent out to photograph . 
 he also found why he had not been intercepted ; virtually all of the luftwaffe aircraft in northern europe were escorting the shipping across the north sea . 
 the german 7th army under eberbach , and elements of 5th panzer army under dietrich , backed up by ii para corps under meindl , had come ashore between felixstowe and orford . 
 there were no allied bombers or even fighter-bombers in the area to oppose them , the american and british forces were all assembled near the isle of wight . 
 and now the germans had two major air basis , woodbridge and bentwaters , within their reach , still more importantly , a major seaport , felixstowe . 
 - o -- o -- o - chapter eleven the landing coniston fowler landed back at luton and reported what he had seen and photographed . 
 the results were rushed to us army air force 's viii bomber command at high wycombe , where general ira eaker called for the reconnaissance pilot to report personally to an emergency planning meeting that very night . 
 also at this meeting were connie 's boss , captain olaf south , his boss , 5th recon wing leader brigadier general loren j darwen and other army ranks . 
 including maj. gen william j. donovan . 
 donovan had proposed an `` organisation which will procure intelligence both by overt and covert methods and will at the same time provide intelligence guidance , determine national intelligence objectives , and correlate the intelligence material collected by all government agencies . '' 
 this was submitted to president roosevelt , and involved a separation of the office of strategic services -lrb- oss -rrb- from the joint chiefs of staff with the new organisation having direct presidential supervision . 
 ` if these bastards have landed here , ' began gen ira eaker pointing at the area near ipswich on the wall map , ` we will have the devil of a job keeping them from overrunning both bentwaters and woodbridge . ' 
 ` then , if they wheel left they will reach the port of felixstowe in less than a week . ' 
 added olaf . 
 ` what defences do the brits have in this area ? ' 
 asked maj. gen william j. donovan . 
 ` diddley squat . ' 
 came the reply from olaf . 
 ` they have been concentrating their efforts on building up forces in preparation for d-day , which did n't happen . 
 so now they have all their men and equipment on the wrong end of the english channel . 
 so do we . ' 
 ` what about strategic reserves ? ' 
 said ira , ` every army has strategic reserves made up of units resting , refitting , or being raised . ' 
 ` the brits have been in this war for nearly five years now , sir . ' 
 explained olaf , ` they have been on the back foot since being thrown out of france in 1940 . ' 
 ` you mean to say they have no reserve forces for defence ? ' 
 ` what forces they had in the east anglia region , ' olaf waved his hand over the appropriate area of the map , ` they have redeployed to the pas de calais . ' 
 olaf preferred to use the french title for the straits of dover because of his upbringing where french was spoken more than english . 
 ira quizzed him some more , ` you mean that area is completely defenceless ? ' 
 ` not exactly , sir . ' 
 ` why , how , where , who ? ' 
 ` the brits have a civil defence set-up called the home guard . 
 there are units of the home guard called auxiliers , also known as ` scallywags ' ; they expect them to slow the germans down until reinforcements can be brought into the battle . ' 
 ` and can they do this ? 
 what kind of kit do they have ? ' 
 ` they will be operating for 10 to 15 days , that 's as much as i can tell you . ' 
 olaf seemed very final in this . 
 ira did n't want to let it go at that , ` will they prevent the germans from reaching our airfields ? ' 
 he turned to the others present . 
 ` and how can we work with them ? ' 
 olaf 's southern roots came to the fore as he said , ` ahh cai n't see ya awl a-dooin ' thaet . ' 
 ` but if there 's no co-ordinated defence plan we are wide open . ' 
 ira protested . 
 ` ahh do believe they have their own plans . ' 
 if olaf knew these plans he certainly was n't going to let on here . 
 ` ok , lets look at what we have , and what is at risk here . ' 
 ira turned to the main map on the wall . 
 ` i understand we have p-47 thunderbolt repair shops at woodbridge , and a fighter group on each base , with the usual defence set-up . 
 is that correct ? ' 
 he turned to captain harold j hall who had flown in from woodbridge . 
 wounded at kasserine , harold had been given the command of woodbridge by way of ` light duties ' . 
 things were about to change . 
 ` yes , sir . ' 
 harold replied , ` but we are only equipped to supply perimeter defence ; if the germans have got that close , things will have got beyond our control . ' 
 the ground column of the luftwaffe 's first gruppe of jadgeschwader 26 turned away from reimes , the third gruppe was bound for nancy when it , too turned and began heading north . 
 the second gruppe had left mont de marsan , near biarritz three days earlier . 
 the build-up continued when jg 2 , also equipped with the excellent focke-wulf fw 190a , was redeployed . 
 there was a meeting of all four stafflen -lrb- a stafflen was roughly equivalent to a squadron consisting of some 12 aircraft -rrb- of i gruppe at cormeilles , france . 
 major hohagen , commander in chief , read out an order of the day , which came directly from reichmarschall goering . 
 the whole geschwader was moving out of northern france . 
 it was felt that there were sufficient luftwaffe resources along the channel coast to hold an invasion on the beachhead long enough for the wermacht , with its well-dispersed panzer regiments , to mount a counter-attack . 
 jg 2 's iii gruppe started moving towards the french atlantic coast when it was ordered to turn back and make for belgium . 
 staffelkapitan of ii gruppe , hauptmann georg schroder took his men by train to germany to collect new equipment in the shape of messerscmitt bf 109gs , then fly them to a small airfield just inland of oostende , belgium . 
 the ist gruppe was dispersed to nancy in eastern france . 
 two of the luftwaffe 's most experienced and best-equipped fighter wings have now been moved away from the english channel , where the germans were only half expecting an allied invasion . 
 they did n't know that the whole thing had been cancelled , but the german plans had not . 
 - o -- o -- o - chapter 12 scallywags the germans had landed between bardsey and shingle street . 
 but the scallywags there were ready for them . 
 203 battalion home guard was made up from men who had attended a weekend course at coleshill house , wiltshire . 
 the ` scallywags ' were the highly-trained and very determined ` stay behinds ' who were to remain undetected in carefully constructed hideouts as the invading german army made its way through britain . 
 there they were trained in the arts of guerrilla warfare including assassination , unarmed combat , demolition , sabotage , and more . 
 their training was simple , yet effective . 
 every thursday evening at coleshill house groups would arrive to be housed in the stable block . 
 by day they got instruction on explosives , weapons and unarmed combat . 
 at night they were taken out into the countryside and had to find their own way back . 
 connie noticed that olaf was quiet after the mention of british defences , so when they left the meeting he said quietly to his boss , ` you know more than you 're telling about this , do n't you ? ' 
 olaf looked carefully around before replying , ` these scallywags are like the british versions of minutemen , but with a twist . 
 our minutemen turned out to do battle in the open . 
 these scallywags are too few in number to be able to do that , so they are relying on stealth , cunning , and a fanaticism the like of which i have never seen before . ' 
 connie got into the jeep as olaf bent forwards to press the starter button on the floor . 
 with a loud clatter and cloud of petrol fumes the engine started . 
 olaf crashed into second gear and drove off . 
 he turned to connie and said , ` you are the best recon pilot i 've got , you proved that when you went looking for those barges . 
 i had an idea they would n't be where they were supposed to be , but i did n't expect you to find them at sea . ' 
 connie pulled his soft cap down to prevent it from blowing off as olaf hit top gear and charged on into the night . 
 ` so i will give you the low-down on what i know about these people , but it must not go beyond this here vehicle . 
 it 's between you and me only . ' 
 connie nodded his agreement . 
 then he was nearly thrown out of the jeep as olaf took a left bend at speed . 
 ` ok , you 're the boss . ' 
 he said as he grasped the dash to steady himself . 
 ` they are a very secretive bunch . 
 they have learned from experiences with the french resistance that it is risky for any one unit to know about another , so they do not know who or where any other unit is . ' 
 a bumpy bit of road , taken too fast had them both leaving their seats . 
 ` operating from near little glemham , and the mendlesham forest one unit of scallywags decided that petrol , oil , diesel , or any flammable liquid was to be the most effective weapon to use against a superior force . ' 
 olaf did n't bother to change gear as they came on a hill ; he just gunned the engine and the little vehicle shot up the rise with ease . 
 ` to this end they acquired a quantity of flame-throwers , and some 50 gall drums of scrap fuel oil . 
 their deadliest weapon is a simple very signal pistol . ' 
 connie turned to look at olaf , however in the dark he could only make out the silhouette . 
 ` you mean they send up a red flare and the germans know to stop ? ' 
 ` have you ever wondered what happens to the old oil from an aircraft engine when it has an oil change ? 
 or when contaminated petrol is found in a fuel system ? ' 
 ` yea . 
 a bomb wing of twenty-one b-17s , that 's 84 engines . 
 how often do they have an oil change ? 
 every couple of weeks when there 's a push on . ' 
 ` the scallywags have found a novel way to pour oil on troubled waters . 
 they rolled 50 gall drums below low water , and dropped some into deeper water offshore . 
 the drums have bungs connected to winches on shore ; if the germans come , all they have to do is fire up the winches . 
 the bungs come out , the oil bubbles up . 
 flares will then light the way , and the sea shall consume them -- toasted . ' 
 ` how on earth do you know this ? ' 
 ` who the hell do you think acquired the stuff ? ' 
 ` how stupid of me . ' 
 the jeep belted on through the night to luton . 
 ` i do n't know if you want to sleep or not . ' 
 olaf said to connie as they dismounted the jeep , ` but i need you over those landing sites at first light . ' 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter 13 over the landing zone ` it is now 2330 . ' 
 connie looked at his watch to confirm this , ` it starts to get light at about 0345 . 
 if i get 2 hours i will be lucky . 
 but that should be enough . ' 
 next morning at dispersal connie was surprised to see olaf , still in the same clothes he had on last evening . 
 ` we have not been able to establish contact with the fighter boys at either bentwaters or woodbridge , so i ca n't guarantee any fighter cover . ' 
 olaf told connie as they approached the twin-tailed aircraft from the rear . 
 ` it 's times like this i wish they had not painted these black and white stripes on my aircraft . ' 
 connie commented . 
 ` i want to sneak in and out . ' 
 ` it may help you go that little bit faster . ' 
 ` what will help me go that bit faster are these dive flaps . ' 
 ` how can flaps help you go faster ? ' 
 olaf wanted to know . 
 ` they operate at speeds above 420 mph . 
 they do n't actually slow me down , what they do is break up the shock wave that causes compressibility ; that means i keep control until much higher speeds . ' 
 ` coniston , i know you are very good at your job . 
 i also know that is because you can anticipate the unknowable , and plan your actions accordingly . 
 so what do you intend to do this time ? ' 
 ` on this occasion i am presuming the germans have not had chance to base any fighters on either woodbridge or bentwaters , so any threats will be coming from germany or belgium . ' 
 connie rattled the flaps to see if there was any play in the mechanism , then ran his hand along the aileron as he and olaf made their way around the tip of the wing . 
 with his hand sliding down the leading edge of the wing , connie turned to olaf in the darkness and said , ` the brits have radar operating from at least one of the martello towers , with an uninterrupted view all the way to belgium . 
 i have their radio frequency , and have asked them to warm up their equipment about now . ' 
 he looked at his watch , then peered into the chin intake below the left propeller of the p-38 lightning . 
 not being able to see anything in the darkness , he thrust his hand in to check for debris and nests . 
 ` if they give me the all-clear , as i expect , i shall be over felixstowe at 350 mph and 500 feet . 
 i then intend to descend in a 150 dive to reach 450 mph at 200 feet over the deben . 
 this will put me over the target for only 50 seconds . ' 
 his hand took a sweeping motion in the way that pilots do . 
 olaf took a step away from the nose in order to avoid bumping into it , ` emergency diversion martlesham heath . ' 
 he called to connie , then jumped into his jeep and drove off to let the pilot get on with his preparations . 
 a groundcrewman , jim rohn , jumped on to the wing as connie slid into the seat . 
 without looking up the pilot said , ` have you nothing better to do ? ' 
 ` orders from hq , sir . 
 i have to make sure the right person gets strapped in . 
 last week a monkey managed to get in and fly a mission . ' 
 jim replied as he checked the straps for twists and kinks . 
 ` could n't find him now , could you ? ' 
 connie clicked the lugs into the quick-release fitting . 
 ` sorry , sir . 
 he must have more sense . 
 would sir like to start the engines before take-off ? ' 
 ` clear the bloody props , please . ' 
 jim straightened up and shouted , ` clear for engine start . ' 
 a similar procedure was taking place on the other side of the north sea . 
 dawn was breaking on connie 's right as he descended to 500 feet , approaching felixstowe . 
 a scattering of thin cloud , very high up , turned pale yellow as the dark skies below began to lighten . 
 there had been no word from the radar people . 
 he had been told that would be the case if everything were clear , they did n't want to give their presence away by using radio if possible , their normal communications being on landlines . 
 the thin light grew stronger as the sun began to rise . 
 if there were to be any activity it would be coming out of the sun . 
 the p-38 lightning , named ` fireduck ' nosed down into a 150 shallow dive . 
 the speed quickly increased to 450 mph , the whole aircraft began to shake as the under-wing dive flaps began to take effect . 
 connie pressed on , levelling out and allowing the speed to stabilise ; and the aircraft began to steady . 
 connie was not alone in the sky as dawn broke over suffolk on that summer 's day in 1944 . 
 out to the east were two aircraft he could n't see in the bright light that was soon to become the brilliant sun as it passed between clouds that made it difficult to keep an eye on that part of the sky . 
 he squinted to the east just as the sun burst from behind a cloud , blinding him . 
 staffelkapitan rudolf von kreuz and his wing-man oberleutnant werner clun were the lead elements of a unit still being formed . 
 they only had seven aircraft in the embryo jv 44 , and less than half of them were serviceable at any one time . 
 these aircraft were the new messerschmitt me 262a jet fighter . 
 armed with four 30mm cannons each , and about the fastest aircraft in the world at that time , these were a big threat to connie . 
 the two german jets came streaking in towards connie as he started his run across the deben . 
 he was aiming at the village of hollesey . 
 the radio crackled , ` leopard one from rubber duck , you have two at one hundred , angels ten . ' 
 this told connie , who 's call sign today was leopard , that he had two aircraft coming at him from one hundred degrees -lrb- just south of due east -rrb- , flying at 10 thousand feet . 
 if they were the oldest fighters in the german inventory it would still be trouble for the boy from the ozarks . 
 but they were the fastest , with the heaviest armament . 
 and they were coming down on him , giving them the advantage of speed and position . 
 one could attack him from the side , whilst the other waited to see where he went , then give chase from the rear with a speed advantage from the dive down to the 200 feet connie was reaching as he began to run his cameras . 
 the next thing for the germans to do was to manoeuvre around to connie 's vulnerable rear and , one either side preventing him from turning to escape , take their time shooting him down . 
 with the p-38 being a photo-reconnaissance aircraft it carried no armament , connie 's best ally was speed and the element of surprise . 
 rudolf and werner had already spotted the american ; therefore there was no element of surprise . 
 the jets were about 150 mph faster than the p-38 in level flight , so there was no speed advantage either . 
 staffelkapitan von kreuz and oberstleutnant clun had no communications with the ground . 
 even if they did there was no german radar cover . 
 the wartzburg and other german radars were not long-ranged enough , nor were they portable . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 connie was flying a fairly large p-38 with black and white stripes all over it . 
 with the rising sun behind them and pre-dawn mists ascending from the fields of suffolk inland , the conditions for spotting connie were very good . 
 von kreuz was the first to spot the interdictor , ` alder ein , lone flugzeug von links nach rechts etwa 12 kilomete . 
 sehr gering . ' 
 -lrb- alder one lone aircraft moving from left to right about 12 kilometres . 
 very low . -rrb- 
 ` jawohl , ich sehe ihn . 
 was sind ihre aufträge ? 
 , -lrb- yes , i see him . 
 what are your orders ? -rrb- 
 ` du hast zu brechen , dann flügel nach rechts von hinten angreifen , werde ich einen strahl angriff . 
 warte auf mich , um über sich ergehen , bevor du angreifst . ' 
 -lrb- you break left , then wing over to the right to attack from behind , i will make a beam assault . 
 wait for me to pass over him before you attack . -rrb- 
 werner replied ` denken sie an die fuhrerorder nicht landeinwärts fliegen . ' 
 -lrb- remember the fuhrerorder not to fly inland . -rrb- 
 ` nein , nein , ich werde einfach flügel über und kommen sie , wie wir ihn zu erledigen . ' 
 -lrb- no , no . 
 i will simply wing over and join you as we finish him off . -rrb- 
 as they began their shallow dive obstlt clun called on the radio , ` alder zwei , links Überhitzung des motors , muss ich umkehren . ' 
 -lrb- alder two , left engine overheating , i will have to turn back . -rrb- 
 ` sie sind schlecht rauchen , sollten sie besser geschlossen , dass der motor nach unten . 
 ich werde meinen angriff , bevor sie wieder sie fertig sind . 
 viel glück ' -lrb- you are smoking badly , you had better shut that engine down . 
 i will finish my attack before rejoining you . 
 good luck . -rrb- 
 o - o - o -- chapter 14 the panzergrenadier and the feldwebel the smooth sandy beaches of hollesley bay were fringed by grass . 
 it was as if the fields came down to the seaside for a vacation . 
 in places cattle used to graze down to the sand , but not today . 
 felwebel walter konig reslung the heavy tripod mounting on to his back and shook the sand off his machine pistol . 
 he stayed on one knee whilst he looked around and caught his breath . 
 ` i 'm not carrying this contraption if you have lost or damaged the mg42 . ' 
 he said , turning to panzergrenadier gunther bodie . 
 ` do n't worry , it is here and quite safe . ' 
 tall and very blond , gunther had hit his head as they were spilled out of the barge when it came upon an unexpected underwater sand bar when they approached the suffolk coastline . 
 their landing craft had been swept to one side of the landing ground when this occurred . 
 as the gentle swell moved the craft further south than intended , the wind picked up in the opposite direction causing a fairly calm sea to become choppy . 
 the direction of the wind also meant that the main fires were kept away from them . 
 gunther shouldered the strap of the large heavy machine gun on to his left shoulder , then picked up his helmet . 
 ` i prefer to carry this for now , i feel my head is bruised . ' 
 still in crouched positions the two soldiers scanned the horizon . 
 the flat lie of the land meant that they could see for miles in some directions . 
 but in most directions all they could see was smoke . 
 dense , oily black smoke . 
 there was no question of setting up the mg42 , there were just no targets . 
 the landing had been almost unopposed ; only the occasional burst of shooting . 
 or what sounded like shooting . 
 it was more likley to be ammunition going off sparodically in the flames . 
 ` is that a german helmet ? ' 
 walter asked his gunner . 
 ` where ? ' 
 ` over there near that hedge . ' 
 walter unslung his smeitscher sub-machine gun . 
 gunther scanned and studied the figure in the distance . 
 his head started to throb . 
 he shook it , then squinted to see the shape of the helmet more clearly . 
 ` it is n't english , or american . ' 
 he concluded . 
 then the figure moved and they saw the unmistakable shape of the gas mask canister carried by all german soldiers . 
 ` wo gehst du hin ? ' 
 -lrb- where are you going ? -rrb- 
 gunther called out . 
 this was not the casual question it appeared to be ; it was in fact the first part of a pre-arranged greetings code . 
 ` so etwas wie niedersachsen . ' 
 -lrb- something like niedersachsen . -rrb- 
 ` du meinst saxmunden . ' 
 -lrb- you mean saxmunden . -rrb- 
 ` ja . ' 
 this , then , was sergeant-artificer karl-heinz gaskell . 
 ` what are we to do now ? ' 
 he asked his new comrades as he dropped into the hollow the two soldiers occupied . 
 ` all the officers seem to have disappeared , our units are scattered to god knows where , and i am pretty sure that we have now lost the element of surprise . ' 
 karl-heinz made a sweeping gesture toward the main area where the gigantic pall of smoke was coming from . 
 just then there came a lone lockheed p-38 lightning flying fast over the beach . 
 ` and he is certainly not helping . ' 
 ` right , ' gunther got to his feet and took a firm grip on the mg42 , ` i am not going to sit here and wait for the tommies to find us unprepared . ' 
 the three germans moved off , away from the sea . 
 leaving a scene of complete devastation behind them . 
 as they moved cautiously on to the grass walter thought about mines . 
 ` they told us the landing ground would not be mined . ' 
 he said . 
 ` how would they know ? ' 
 ` arial reconnaissance . ' 
 gunther replied , ` twice a day they fly over and photograph the cow shit . 
 if there are new dollops and cows , there can not be mines . 
 mind that dollop . ' 
 a small hedge offered scant cover , but it was the first thing they had seen to hide behind , so they did . 
 karl-heinz felt for his binoculars . 
 they should have been hanging round his neck . 
 ` shit ! 
 my binoculars , they must have fallen off when i left the boat . ' 
 sgt-art . 
 karl-heinz gaskell was not in the same boat as gunther and walter for the landing . 
 his was a larger craft all together because it carried one of the famous 88mm anti-tank and anti-aircraft guns , with ammunition . 
 it was the presence of this that got everyone moving when the scallywags set fire to the sea . 
 there was still more than 100 yards to go before hitting the beach , and the sea around them was beginning to burn . 
 the flames seemed to begin behind them , out to sea , and were washing in with the boats . 
 slowly , one by one the barges became surrounded . 
 karl-heinz decided his best chance was in the water . 
 he kept hold of his helmet , carefully holding it in an upright position as if it were on his head . 
 this served two purposes . 
 it helped him stay afloat , being full of air . 
 and could serve as and emergency air supply if and when he had to duck under the water . 
 it was a larger than usual helmet , the type usually issued to the artillary . 
 this was probably why gunther and walter had trouble identifying him as german earlier on . 
 behind the small hedge the three soldiers began checking their wet uniforms and equipment . 
 ` let 's see just what we have got . ' 
 suggested gunther . 
 ` we have all got our gas masks and water canteen , ja ? ' 
 ` ja . ' 
 ` ja . ' 
 ` digging tools . ' 
 ` i have lost mine . ' 
 karl-heinz admitted . 
 ` food satchels ? ' 
 ` ja . ' 
 ` ja . ' 
 ` guns and ammunition . ' 
 gunther began by patting the gigantic mg42 , ` we have this for long-range work , and i have my luger . ' 
 walter unslung the mg42 tripod from his back and placed it near the hedge . 
 ` i also have my luger , and the smeitscher , but very little ammunition . ' 
 ` that is more or less what i have too , plus one stick grenade , and four ammunition pouches . ' 
 karl-heinz seemed to have nearly all of the spare ammunition . ' 
 walter could almost stand upright behind the hedge without being seen by the enemy . 
 this he did to gain a momentary glimpse of the countryside they were facing . 
 another small hawthorn hedge ran off to their right to a larger hedgerow with what looked like earthworks along part of its length . 
 ` there is a more substantial hedge over there , and it looks likes there could be some trenchwork along part of it 's length . ' 
 ` that could be useful . ' 
 gunter replied . 
 ` any sign of the enemy ? ' 
 ` no , and i ca n't see any buildings either . ' 
 ` well , that should be our perimiter , we shall look at setting up the mg42 there and see what develops . ' 
 having set up the mg 42 gunter took a good look around . 
 nothing but empty fields in front of them , no german front line -- they were it . 
 he looked behind , a massive curtain of dense smoke hid the rising sun . 
 the sea still glowed red , and there was no sign of the light tanks they were promised . 
 ` wo sind die 5 . 
 panzerarmee ? ' 
 -lrb- where is the 5th panzer army ? ' 
 he asked no-one in particular . 
 ` und der 7 . 
 armee . ' 
 -lrb- and the 7th army . ' -rrb- 
 added karl-heinz . 
 they were not in the best shape . 
 their uniforms were not drying fast enough , they had personal rations for three days at most , some ammunition , but if faced with a strong counter-attack it would only last about 30 minutes . 
 on the plus side , they were alive and still had a fighting spirit , but no-one to fight , and no radio to find out what was happening . 
 they honkered down behind the only substantial hedgerow they could find . . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter 15 lilly leighton lilly leighton alighted from the old charabanc bus at the junction of thetford drive . 
 she adjusted the gas mask box as the noisy , smoky exhaust belched out of the bus . 
 sensible shoes would have been in order , but to lilly these were sensible . 
 she avoided walking on the grass by the roadside to keep her shoes clean , and because she knew the heels would sink into the soil . 
 it was high summer in bedfordshire , the trees were in full leaf , and the tops of some could be seen above the roofs opposite as they swayed in the stiff breeze . 
 the storms of the last two days seemed to have passed and this inland part of england has escaped the worst of the weather , unlike the channel ports . 
 the unsettled weather at the beginning of june had led the planners of the invasion of continental europe to at first delay the operation by one day , to the 6th , but this was the last time when the tides and moon would be suitable to such a massive undertaking . 
 the next time the conditions coincided would be in the autumn , and the days would not be long enough for the completion of the landings in daylight . 
 but a greater threat to the landings across the channel at one of its widest points was the weather . 
 landing craft are not very stable , they have to have flat bottoms , heavy equipment and open tops , not good in heavy seas with rain lashing down . 
 the landings were cancelled . 
 the short front gardens with low hedges or picket fences were overlooked by bay windows . 
 these were not like other billets for servicemen , olaf had arranged this house for connie and pam ; he liked to keep his people happy . 
 pam would not have liked to be referred to as one of olaf 's people , but as long as she was with connie , olaf took it as part of his responsibility to keep them both happy . 
 it did n't stop her worrying about his work , but they both felt special to be living amongst civilians . 
 lilly was worried about her neck . 
 ` alison said this egg mix would stop my neck ageing . ' 
 pam was not really taking much notice of what her friend was saying . 
 ` you know what a brontosaurus was ? ' 
 there was no response from pam as lilly stroked down her neck , stretching out her lower jaw at the same time , ` i think i am becoming a cross between a lizard and a brontosaurus . 
 pam , are you ok ? ' 
 hands thrust into her skirt pockets , pam just stood looking into the garden . 
 ` you never get used to it , do you ? ' 
 pam seemed to be addressing the trees and bushes . 
 ` the waiting , not knowing . ' 
 ` coniston 's away again , is he ? ' 
 ` yes . 
 three days this time . 
 said it could be longer . ' 
 it was little comfort to pam who knows that many who went away on duty did not return , or were captured and did not return for years , their families not knowing were they were , how they were , or when they would see them again . 
 ` let me make you coffee . ' 
 lilly turned into the kitchen , calling as she walked , ` you need to keep yourself busy . ' 
 pam shook her head quickly but vigorously . 
 ` i know you are right , but he takes on the most difficult and dangerous jobs . ' 
 both these women were on the small side , they carried off the fashion of full summer weight skirts very well . 
 the curves of the lower back being emphasised by close fitting light sweaters . 
 lilly always wore a low neckline , and was more conscious of her appearance than usual . 
 pam , on the other hand , tended to wear higher necklines , but her more ample bosom was just as noticeable . 
 ` let me do your hair . ' 
 offered lilly . 
 ` maybe this afternoon . ' 
 pam smiled as she recognised the support within the proposal , ` the more he mixes with that olaf character the less i like it . ' 
 ` there has been a lot of wasted activity lately , ' lilly said as she poured hot water into the percolator , ` there is even talk that the boys may be sent home for thanksgiving . ' 
 pam reached up for the cookie jar , ` they ca n't say that , they do n't know what is gon na happen the day after tomorrow , how can any sane person attempt to predict five months into the future ? ' 
 ` do we have any cream ? ' 
 lilly said as she smelled the freshly percolated coffee . 
 ` no , i 'm fresh out . 
 we 'll have to have it black . ' 
 ` or with dried milk ! ' 
 they both laughed at this possibility . 
 as they sat with their coffee lilly began asking her friend about the relationship with connie . 
 ` you get really worked up whenever he 's away . ' 
 ` no more than anyone else does . ' 
 pam replied . 
 ` is it because everything he does is dangerous ? ' 
 ` everything everyone does is dangerous these days . 
 anyway , i ca n't talk about what he does because he never tells me . ' 
 ` that must add to the suspense and tension . ' 
 ` and the excitement . ' 
 pam took a craven ` a ' from the packet and offered them to lilly . 
 lilly took one and looked at the packet . 
 ` did you buy these ? ' 
 ` yes , we ran out of camels , so i got some with another animal on the pack . ' 
 pam showed the black cat to lilly , her lips were pressed together as if to stop laughing . 
 smoke rose as the zippo did its work . 
 silence befell the pair , pam was aware that the authorities sometimes quiz servicemen 's partners to see if they are likely to know or tell secrets . 
 she had known lilly since they moved here eight months ago and it was more than conceivable that lilly could be involved in the security system . 
 all of the women could be involved ; it was in their best interests , after all . 
 ` have you ever been on the base ? ' 
 pam asked . 
 lilly looked around , took another puff on her cigarette before replying , ` well , yes . 
 one of the guys smuggled me on to have a look around once . 
 they are very proud of what they do , even though they can not tell anyone about it . ' 
 ` did you get close to the aircraft ? ' 
 ` sort of , but not for long . 
 we just walked past the open end of a hangar and looked inside . ' 
 ` connie managed to get permission from olaf to take me right up to the aircraft . ' 
 this interested lilly , ` i 've never been able to get really close up to any of the machines , not even the bombers when they were here . ' 
 ` me neither , this is the only time i have been up close to the real thing . 
 that is what worries me . 
 there is nothing to them . 
 this p-30-something that connie flies , the engines are out on the wings , in a p-51 or spitfire they sit behind a great big engine , that can protect them from bullets , but connie is in this pod thing . 
 the whole aircraft is so flimsy you ca n't touch most of it . ' 
 ` you actually got to touch it ? ' 
 ` oh , yeah . 
 he let me get into his seat . 
 when we talked about it , he said i should wear shorts and pumps . 
 when you climb on the wing you have to be careful where you stand , the thing is so flimsy , if you wore heels they could go through the metal , bullets would have no problem , and these things are full of high octane petrol . ' 
 pam knocked the ash off her cigarette and took a sip of coffee , ` that is why i am so worried . 
 he sits with nothing to protect him from bullets , even the glass is not glass ; it 's something they call perpex , or something like that . ' 
 ` the man-machine interface . ' 
 lilly adopted a mock american accent , taking a drag from her cigarette in the corner of her mouth . 
 ` i do n't know if it was a good idea for me to look around like i did . 
 i sat there , with a massive strap digging into my backside , looking forwards with nothing for protection , if a german came at him from the front he would n't stand a chance . ' 
 her carefully manicured eyebrows puckered into a worried frown , she bit her bottom lip , smearing her teeth with bright red lipstick . 
 ` you 've got it real bad for this bloke , have n't you ? ' 
 ` it 's not love , do n't be ridiculous . ' 
 pam says . 
 ` but if you 've never been in love , how can you know . ' 
 ` i believe that connie has some real feelings for me , i think i have some for him too . 
 i believe we can make it work . ' 
 ` if you spend your life thinking and believing , you have to really know about the other person . 
 if there is only you in it there will never be an answer , only questions . 
 you ca n't spend the rest of your life waiting for answers that can never come . ' 
 - o - o - o - chapter 16 dog-fight connie was approaching hollesley as he looked out to the east . 
 what he saw gave him a fright . 
 a big plume of smoke curving from behind werner , and a fainter trail with staffelkapitan rudolf von kreuz at its head . 
 rudolf was now diving at almost 650 mph . 
 he knew he was well over the design maximum speed for the airframe . 
 he had already throttled back to prevent engine damage , but if he tried to manoeuvre too sharply the aircraft would tear itself apart . 
 gently he eased the stick back to aim at a piece of sky directly in front of the p-38 . 
 connie was about to fly into a hail of 30mm explosive cannon shells . 
 having finished his photograph run the speed of the p-38 had dropped to a little over 400 mph when connie turned the twin-boomed pr fighter on to its right wing tip , at the same time he pulled hard back on the wheel . 
 -lrb- p-38 lightning 's do not have a stick , they have a sort of yoke-shaped wheel -rrb- the g-forces forced him down into the small cockpit as the aircraft skidded round to face his attacker . 
 when the messerschmitt appeared directly in front of him connie straightened the aircraft up to fly head-on towards the german as he opened up with his cannons . 
 the white-hot cannon shells passed by the left of connie 's fighter due to rudolf aiming-off to allow for connie flying in a direction he was no longer going in . 
 rudolf dare not apply too much rudder to correct because he was going too fast for his fighter to react . 
 they were heading for each other with a closing speed of about 1,000 mph . 
 the cannon shells must have passed at something like 2,000 mph . 
 rudolf smelled the cordite as he swept past connie to his left . 
 now , what to do next ? 
 the first thing he must do is lose some airspeed . 
 the asi told him he was still above the design maximum for the airframe . 
 a little tweak back on the stick . 
 the controls were very stiff ; rather like stirring concrete , after it has set . 
 for all he knew there would be a turnbuckle , cleat , hinge , rocker , or cable that just found the pressure too great , and gave out . 
 he would probably never know what had happened , the most likely would be that german engineering would hold good , but the forces on the flying surfaces could put too much workload on the actual airframe , and the frame itself crumples under the overstressing load . 
 the nose came up slightly , the horizon began dropping , and he was climbing again . 
 the speed was dropping ; 600 mph , still too high to risk engaging the rudder and putting a strain on the tail structure . 
 ` alder zwei bis alder ein . 
 butcher birds kommen sie ihren weg . 
 nicht abzufangen . ' 
 -lrb- alder two to alder one . 
 butcher birds coming your way . 
 do not intercept . -rrb- 
 a message from werner to warn rudolf that focke-wulf fw190 fighters were heading for him , he was not to intercept them . 
 ` sehr gut , danke ' -lrb- very good , thank you . -rrb- 
 was what rudolf said over the radio . 
 what he wanted to say was , ` ich bin auf dem falschen weg gegen aufträge . 
 ist der amerikanische werde mich drehen und schießen mich über feindlichem gebiet , wenn ich an der reihe zu beginnen ? ' 
 -lrb- i am going the wrong way against orders . 
 is the american going to turn on me and shoot me down over enemy territory when i begin my turn ? 
 rudolf did not realise that connie was flying an unarmed reconnaissance aircraft , he recognised a p-38 lightning , but presumed that it was a standard fighter with a battery of cannons and machine guns in the nose . 
 he squirmed around in his cockpit trying to see behind himself , first to the left , then to the right . 
 this is where a wing-man comes in useful . 
 he was not worried that someone would be coming from behind to attack him , he was still travelling faster than any other aircraft could ; he was looking for connie to see which way he turned . 
 covering ground over suffolk at more than 550 mph , the staffelkapitan was worried . 
 he was not allowed to fly inland in this top-secret jet , yet here he was , frantically trying to lose speed without overstressing the airframe . 
 his height was only 1,000 feet , so he was vulnerable to small arms fire from the ground . 
 travelling at this speed there was no way he could get out of a stricken aeroplane . 
 even if it were to maintain straight and level flight the tail fin would chop him in two as he exited the cockpit , but in all likelihood it would start writhing about with such violence as to make major bits like engines and tail sections wrench themselves free . 
 he would be thrown about to such an extent , the few milliseconds he had to effect an escape would be lost as he was thrown about , he would be unable to control his own arms and legs enough to get the canopy open , release his straps , then climb out . 
 he looked to his left . 
 the wermacht had not yet desecrated the patchwork of english fields with country lanes running through them , so he knew he was behind enemy lines . 
 as he gained altitude the sped began to drop , until at 4,000 feet rudolf felt that it was safe to begin a medium rate turn to the left , just as woodbridge came into view . 
 he managed to skirt to the left of the town , in case there were any anti-aircraft guns there . 
 then he saw an airfield straight in front . 
 this was martlesham heath , a mosquito base that was just coming to life in the early light . 
 at 4,000 feet they could hear the engines of the messerschmitt 262 -- this was not good , it had never been seen over england before . 
 the whistling sound made by its jet engines gave it away as not a piston engined aircraft . 
 as a result everyone on the raf base looked up , especially the anti-aircraft gunners . 
 connie had levelled the p-38 lightning off from an almost vertical banked turn as the messerschmitt 262 fired its four 30mm cannons . 
 facing each other , and with a closing speed in the region of 1,000 mph , this part of the dogfight is over in the twinkle of an eye . 
 connie is speeding towards the coast at 300 feet , he has no armament , this version of the p-38 carries cameras instead of machine guns and cannons . 
 connie looked down as he approached the beaches , and what he sees shocked him . 
 the shoreline was black with barges , vehicles , equipment and bodies , yes , bodies . 
 where the estuary of river ore turns sharp right and follows the coast-line there was a mass of smouldering debris , it was impossible to distinguish what it once was . 
 connie had the presence of mind to switch on his cameras again as he over-flew the morass . 
 german anti-aircraft fire had become a threat now , so connie flew out to sea at low level before turning back to re-cross the coast at felixstowe , having gained 5,000 feet in altitude . 
 ` leopard one , you have a bogie coming at you , zero one , angels 5 . ' 
 came the call over the radio . 
 the guys on the martello tower were still working . 
 this was rudolf coming away from martlesham , he had opened the taps on the jet engines and climbed whilst accelerating to put the gunners off their aim . 
 he saw connie was about to pass from his left to his right slightly lower than the messerschmitt . 
 the staffelkapitan dropped the fighter 's nose a little and prepared to aim slightly ahead of the p-38 to allow for the american 's speed again . 
 but connie was having none of it . 
 as soon as he saw the ` 262 he stood the p-38 on its right wing tip and kicked bottom rudder -lrb- right -rrb- . 
 as the aircraft turned to face his opponent , connie levelled the wings . 
 by now he was below the nose of the german , who had momentarily lost sight of him , so rudolf increased his angle of dive . 
 this meant that his speed increased . 
 connie then pulled back a little on the controls to bring his aircraft into a slight climb . 
 this had two advantages , one , it made him a much smaller target , and two , the enemy aircraft would think this was a normal p-38 fighter with a powerful punch in the nose making an attacking pass at him , it was an aggressive manoeuvre . 
 rudolf had no choice , if he veered off in any direction he would present an open target , they were less than a quarter of a mile apart now , and closing at about 750 mph . 
 connie had a strange advantage ; he did n't need to keep an aiming line on the other aircraft because he had no guns to aim . 
 so he applied right rudder and opposite aileron , and at the same time cutting the throttle on the left engine . 
 this made the fighter skid to the right in an unpredictable way , making it more difficult to hit . 
 at the same time rudolf pulled the trigger for a short burst , missed again , then they shot past each other . 
 rudolf turned hard for the coast ; connie turned inland and headed for luton . 
 that part of the fight was over . 
 as he climbed out to sea connie saw a cloud of aircraft coming towards him . 
 these were the main aerial cover for the beaches , made up of over 60 fw-190 and bf-109 fighters . 
 he did n't want to mix it with them ! 
 turning on to a southerly heading connie maintained his altitude of 2,000 feet and opened the throttles , figuring that the germans would only be interested in covering the landing area , and would not want to waste fuel chasing an aircraft they probably could n't catch anyway . 
 as he crossed over a cross-roads a small group of germans opened up at him with small arms fire . 
 connie did n't even notice this , there was no tracer to see . 
 small arms fire is a bit of a misnomer . 
 a rifle is classed as small arms , yet it fires a bullet 1/3rd inch across . 
 sub-machine guns usually fire the same ammunition , but a lot more of it . 
 assault rifles normally fire high-velocity rounds that will do more damage at longer ranges . 
 what hit connie 's aircraft was combination of all three , all lucky shots , but they managed to damage his left engine and puncture one fuel tank with three holes as the bullets went in , and three larger ones as they came out . 
 the three upper holes will not spill any fuel out , but lots of petrol fumes can cause problems . 
 fuel was pouring out of the lower holes , but not enough to be even noticed . 
 connie just heard two or three slight pings . 
 the bullet that hit the left engine caused coolant to leak away . 
 a thin trail of escaping glycol now streamed behind the fleeing lightning , much to the delight of the germans who had so far not had a good day . 
 connie did not notice the temperature rising on the port engine . 
 then lights came on to get his attention , but by now all of the coolant had gone . 
 the engine was throttled back , but within minutes it seized up , the prop stopped very suddenly and the aircraft slewed hard to port . 
 connie took care of the engine emergency shut-down procedure before looking at where he was going . 
 he opened up the throttle on his remaining good engine and engaged full opposite rudder to counter the asymmetric swing . 
 then he noticed that he was now travelling in the direction from which he had come . 
 as he banked to turn around the only happy germans in england opened fire again . 
 no more than two bullets merely skimmed the dead engine . 
 this should matter not a jot , but the shots gave off sparks , they in turn ignited the fumes escaping from the punctured petrol tank . 
 at 150 feet connie could not bail out , but he was still travelling at 275 mph , so he traded speed for height . 
 once the altimeter read 3,000 feet he released his straps , jettisoned the hood . 
 now he remembered the tail empenage . 
 it was a commonly held belief that baling out of a p-38 would result in the hapless pilot being unceremoniously chopped in half by the tailplane . 
 they were told that there were two ways to safely exit the aircraft whilst in flight : turn the stricken aircraft upside down , then simply fall out , or climb out on to the wing , then slide off the trailing edge . 
 this is what connie did . 
 as he drifted down on his parachute he wondered if he would land in an area occupied by germans . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter 17 on the ground as underground shelters go , it was almost palatial ; there were three separate rooms , not counting the privy . 
 making a small trap door under a hedge had very cunningly concealed the entrance . 
 at 45/h2 you made an entry by sliding through this small door , only 2 feet by 1 foot six , and then sliding down a 45o slope , which had a small jink in it to prevent anyone making a swift attack without forewarning any occupants of their arrival . 
 this was not one of a set , nor was it unique . 
 there was a general plan for these types of structures ; men who had more than the normal rural skills built them in the field -lrb- literally -rrb- . 
 harry wilkinson was the local squire , and had been a part of the land for all of his life . 
 herbert moss was his gamekeeper . 
 together they had begun the dig sixteen months ago . 
 only sixteen months , but in that time the auxiliaries had been mobilised , trained and sent on their individual missions . 
 they were all exceptional people , and were given an exceptional task . 
 to build this hiding place was one of them . 
 harry had a meeting with fred morris , a cabinet maker and part time game warden from nearby alderton , fred suggested making the entrance as small as possible . 
 in an informal meeting at the rose and crown they discussed the project . 
 ` if we build it with a slope down we can make an attacking entrance as difficult as possible . ' 
 fred suggested , ` to make this even more unlikely there should be some kind of bend half way down with the final egress into a corner of a room via some kind of sword step . ' 
 ` what on earth is a sword step ? ' 
 queried harry . 
 ` a sword step was a step on the bend of a staircase where one step is higher than the rest in order to cause an attacker to stumble in such a position as to allow a sword thrust as they flounder . ' 
 ` jolly good , how about a murder hole too ? 
 after all , we are building a dungeon ' ` another flagon of ale , i think . ' 
 fred got up and went to the bar . 
 ` two flagons of your finest falling-over water , if you please , buxom barmaid . ' 
 there was only the landlord behind the bar . 
 ` i think you have had enough , my good fellow , it is beginning to effect your eyesight . ' 
 ` you are much uglier than the other one , that shows i still have the capacity for reasoned and accurate judgement . ' 
 the landlord began pouring the libations . 
 ` how do you think this war is going to go , then ? ' 
 he asked fred the question on everyone 's mind . 
 ` ca n't see it having much effect round here ; people got to eat , so we 'll just keep on providing it . ' 
 fred took the pints and turned to say , ` it will probably fizzle out anyway , no need to worry ; we ca n't go there and they ca n't come here . ' 
 harry agreed as fred sat down , ` and with the number of yanks arriving here , there will be no point invading , they have already done it . ' 
 fred returned to the matter in hand , ` we ca n't discuss this here , but how many men will be involved in the construction ? ' 
 ` as few as possible . 
 probably only five . ' 
 ` we shall make more headway in this once we look over the plans . ' 
 fred looked around to make sure there was no-one close enough to hear . 
 harry and fred decided to start the build at the main entrance , already described , and work towards the rear emergency exit . 
 this meant they would not disturb the gorse bush they were to use as cover . 
 ` the spoil from the dig is not too much of a problem . ' 
 harry and herbert considered the build after one month , ` have you seen the job that fred has done on the entrance ? ' 
 herbert asked . 
 ` i have . 
 and what a job , too . 
 did you like what he calls the sword step ? 
 ` the what ? ' 
 ` when you slide in , after the bend you then stand up , take a pace forward , open the door then have to stride over a concrete step . 
 in the dark we expect a stranger to stumble over that . 
 being concrete it also protects the door from grenades being rolled in . ' 
 six weeks later the structure was finished and replanting around the rear took place . 
 fully equipped with sterling sub-machine guns , satchel charges , mines and all sorts of munitions that may be needed to counter an enemy . 
 - o -- o -- o - chapter 18 photo-recce olaf was worried . 
 connie was half an hour late . 
 in a 20-minute flight during wartime a gap like that is noticeable . 
 he picked up the phone and called an acquaintance at 8th air force hq . 
 ` we got a guy missing on a vital photo-recce mission . ' 
 he said , ` you have a guy in polebrook i would like to borrow . ' 
 ` on whose authority is this being done , olaf ? ' 
 ` i can get ike to phone it through , but i need this guy right now , we have a man down , and a job to complete . 
 we are prepping an aircraft for him even as we speak . 
 minutes count , hell , even seconds count will you fly him down to luton right now please ? ' 
 ` ok , ok . 
 i 'll put him in the hack myself , who is it you want ? ' 
 ` his name is keith cornwell . ' 
 less than 20 minutes later keith touched down at luton in the stinson the unit used as a ` hack ' aircraft to fly parts and personnel about . 
 ` ever flown a p-38 ? ' 
 olaf greeted him with . 
 ` yes , once . 
 i took one over from base air depot one at burtonwood . 
 it was only supposed to go to bad 2 at warton , but i had to take it to some place called levenham i think . ' 
 ` christ , a simple ` yes ' or ` no ' would have done , i ai n't gotten time for your life history . ' 
 olaf pointed at a p-38 . 
 that 's your crate , this is your mission . 
 he gave keith a map covering the area from harwich to bury st edmonds . 
 ` we want you to fly over this area here , just north of felixstowe as far as this little inlet , and take pictures as you go . ' 
 ` right . 
 is there anything else i should know , sir ? ' 
 ` yes , connie 's missing . 
 he went on this very same mission this morning and has not reported back yet . 
 see if you can find anything out . ' 
 ` oh . 
 ok , sir . ' 
 keith walked slowly over to the waiting aircraft . 
 a ground crewman jumped down from the rear of the wing and greeted him with a salute . 
 ` the bird 's checked and ready to go , sir . ' 
 even the engines were warmed up . 
 all keith had to do was get in and fly . 
 after less than 15 minutes flying due east keith approached the coast at walton-on-the naze . 
 he turned left and followed the coast to the estuary of the river stour where harwich and felixstowe docks are . 
 here he opened the throttle to full military power and began a slight dive to give him more speed , just as connie had done . 
 what he saw through his windscreen took his breath away . 
 in wartime you do see some strange sights , but this one was beyond his expectations . 
 on his left were the flat expanses of suffolk . 
 on his right the grey sea , flecked with little white wave tops . 
 but in front was a vast black cloud . 
 to see the top of the black pillar he had to look through the roof of his canopy . 
 then he saw something else ; tiny black dots swarming around the smoke like flies round a dung heap . 
 the p-38 was now travelling at 400 mph , so it was not long until keith could make out what the dots were . 
 they were fighter aircraft . 
 in combat you first see dots , then you have to do two things , manoeuvre into an attacking position , then identify the dots to see if they are friend or foe . 
 either way , they are doing exactly the same thing . 
 this posturing can take an inordinate amount of time . 
 time was something keith did not have -- especially in view of the fact that they all knew he was not on their side and could therefore go straight into attack mode . 
 that is exactly what four fw-190d-9s did . 
 but a p-38 doing over 400 mph is no easy target , especially if you are attacking from the front quarter , you have to compute where the enemy will be when your bullets have travelled across the sky to him . 
 then allow for drop , and wind as well as the movement of your own plane . 
 also there was the movement of his plane , plus combined speeds and many other small elements that are multiplied many times by various factors . 
 keith did not even see the tracer arching and weaving towards him . 
 focke-wulf fw-190d-9s have machine guns and cannon that fire exploding shells to get your attention . 
 this quartet of germans had a total of eight 20mm cannons and eight 7.62 machine-guns pointing at our boy . 
 looking from the german 's viewpoint the tracer all converged on the lone p-38 . 
 but in fact some of it was bound to miss , because of the factors mentioned earlier . 
 in fact all of it missed . 
 the first keith knew was a glint of something on the left caught his eye . 
 as he turned his attentions to the area concerned a black shape grew so fast it had passed over him before he even had time to turn his head . 
 instinctively he looked for the arming button for his own cannons and machine-guns . 
 he forgot he was in an unarmed reconnaissance machine , and when he thought he was arming his guns he actually set the cameras off on automatic . 
 upon realising his mistake he decided that things were even more desperate than he first thought . 
 a quick scan around to look for other aircraft told keith that he could not trust his own eyesight ; he saw none , but he knew there were plenty around . 
 ` this has turned into one cock-a-mami stupid war . ' 
 he recounted to himself as he turned the lightning on to one wing tip and pulled hard on the yoke . 
 just then two more fw-190s shot from underneath him without firing a shot . 
 this proved that his instincts and training were more reliable than thinking . 
 so he reversed the bank , and allowed the aircraft to turn upside down , allowing the opportunity to check where the last two came from . 
 surely enough , there were another six waiting for him to settle down and keep still to be killed . 
 whilst inverted he saw that the black cloud was close enough for him to reach , so he headed straight for the cover of smoke . 
 once inside the black smoke keith found that it was n't like being inside a cloud . 
 the smoke cut off all light , then began seeping into the cockpit . 
 as he began coughing keith dropped down in height , at about 100 feet he found himself out into clear air again . 
 as he looked around he saw that at this height the black column was made up of separate pillars rising from individual fires . 
 ` this can work for me . ' 
 he said to himself . 
 keeping a wary eye out for other aircraft keith began weaving between the pillars . 
 this did three things : it kept him safe from other fighters because he was manoeuvring violently , it allowed the camera to get some interesting shots , and he was gradually moving towards safety -- wherever that was . 
 at 1,200 feet connie 's parachute opened with a snap . 
 he thought at first his boots had come off . 
 as he drifted down he kept wondering if he would be landing amongst friends or enemies , to this end he identified the area he would be heading for once he alighted . 
 there was an oblong wooded area just to the north of where he would be landing in a very short time . 
 he wondered if he should draw his side-arm , but then thought he may have a bumpy landing and then lose it , so he left it holstered . 
 then the grass came up at him at a very fast rate , the horizon shot up so fast he did n't see it go , all he could see was suffolk grass racing up to meet his nose at an alarming rate . 
 he felt his back begin to arch , then he saw his hands come out in front of him to touch the cool , wet grass as he rolled over and got entangled in his parachute lines . 
 breathing heavily he began to lose his ` chute . 
 then he looked around for the wooded area -- nothing . 
 just flat fields and stunted hedgerows . 
 connie managed to gather his parachute and stuffed it under a small hedge . 
 then he got his compass out and began heading north . 
 trying to keep his head down as he trudged north toward what he hoped would be some cover connie moved from one small hedgerow to another . 
 sometimes he made a zig zag to keep as close to cover as possible in case of german presence , after all , it was germans here who shot him down , so he knew they were there . 
 as he examined the next bit of cover he saw a strange looking branch sticking out from the base . 
 he slowly approached the greenery . 
 as he got closer he could see that there was the shape of a man lying just below the surface . 
 in true fighter pilot tradition connie crept quietly behind the man before making his move . 
 he drew his .45 automatic pistol as he carefully approached the man 's feet . 
 should he say something in german ? 
 he had never killed a man face to face , as it were . 
 now he decided that if he could take the man prisoner he could provide invaluable information . 
 ` make one move and i will blow your fucking head off . ' 
 ` if he does n't i will . ' 
 connie froze . 
 he had n't said a word . 
 ` handy hock . ' 
 fred indicated an upward motion with his sterling machine gun . 
 connie just froze to the spot . 
 the man on the ground stayed as still as connie . 
 ` what do you propose we do with him now ? ' 
 asked herbert moss , ` you know we ca n't take prisoners . ' 
 ` you english ? ' 
 connie almost whispered . 
 ` fucking brilliant . 
 a german who lands in england then acts surprised when the english show up . ' 
 fred remarked . 
 ` next you know he will be saying he made a mistake and meant to invade ireland . ' 
 herbert replied . 
 ` no , you guys do n't understand , i 'm american . ' 
 connie was almost elated with expectation . 
 ` what were you doing flying a german aircraft ? ' 
 fred asked , then turned to herbert , ` he must think we came in on the last banana boat . ' 
 ` vat est your task here ? ' 
 herbert tried some german . 
 ` will you stop pissing about you stupid godamned limeys ? 
 i 'm an american pilot shot down by some germans at a crossroads near here . ' 
 connie complained , ` if you let me lower my hands i can prove it . ' 
 ` und how do you propose to do that ? ' 
 fred 's ` german ' was getting less convincing by the minute . 
 ` i have a pack of american smokes in my pocket , and some gum . ' 
 ` shit , i thought you would do better than that . 
 any german spy worth his salt can do better than that . 
 what about the hershey bar ? 
 every american carries hershey bars . ' 
 ` not into combat in a p-38 . 
 i was flying a p-38 ; it has radiators either side of the cockpit . 
 it gets pretty hot in there and the chocolate melts , cools and sets with the result that you ca n't get out . ' 
 ` ooh , he 's good , fred . 
 he probably got that from a downed p-38 pilot in germany . 
 i did n't see any p-38s around here today , did you , fred ? ' 
 ` nope . 
 tell you what , we will give you the benefit of the doubt for now . 
 you could still be an american working for the germans , which we could never prove . 
 but if there was no p-38 shot down near here you must have come from a german aircraft . ' 
 ` bailed out at 3,000 feet with one engine at full throttle . 
 the aircraft could be half way to fucking wales now . 
 how can i possibly prove that i was in a p-38 now ? ' 
 ` easy , ' replied fred , there is an observer corps post not too far away , they will know if any american aircraft have been seen in the vicinity . 
 we will go and ask them , meanwhile we will keep a very close eye on you my lad , and any attempt to slip away will meet with a quick burst from a machine gun . ' 
 ` what about him ? ' 
 connie pointed at the still prone body of the man he first saw . 
 ` i think we shall leave him where he is , it 's a dummy , made to draw activity away from us . ' 
 ` well it certainly worked on me . ' 
 on a small rise in the ground sat a rather forlorn looking hut , the roof of which was occupied by three observers looking out for aircraft . 
 one was wearing a head and breast set , a 1940 's sort of hands-free setup . 
 on duty that day was leading observer don washington . 
 ` hello , herbert . 
 what are you doing round here ? 
 you know the germans have landed ? 
 i would n't hang around if i were you . ' 
 ` i 'm helping fred , here . 
 he 's a game warden and we hear some german has been poaching rabbits . 
 ca n't have that , can we ? ' 
 fred entered the conversation , ` we need some information from you , but ca n't tell you why . ' 
 ` what can i tell you ? ' 
 ` have there been any reports of p-38s in this area today ? ' 
 ` i ca n't give you that kind of information , it 's classified you know . ' 
 ` you do n't need to tell us what it was doing or anything like that , just if there was one , this chap here says he was flying one and it was shot down . 
 if we ca n't prove one way or the other we will have to pass him on to the police . ' 
 ` i suppose i can tell you what you could have seen with your own eyes , but that is all i can do . ' 
 ` that 's good enough for me . ' 
 ` there was a report of a p-38 trailing white smoke about 45 minutes ago . ' 
 connie was first to react , ` thank fuck for that . ' 
 don commented on the remark , ` he 's got to be a yank , using language like that . ' 
 ` we had be sure , yank . ' 
 fred moved his sterling to his left hand and offered his right , which connie took with gratitude . 
 ` you had a pistol out before , what were you going to do with it ? ' 
 ` i would have fired if i needed to . ' 
 ` well , young cowboy , you may well have to fire before this day is out . 
 i presume that you know that the germans have landed ? ' 
 ` yeah , you kinda notice things like that . ' 
 ` i ca n't tell you much about us , or what we do , but we have to stop this . ' 
 fred looked even more determined , ` you can help us whilst you are here . 
 but where are you going to go to ? ' 
 ` my base is just outside luton . ' 
 ` well , you wo n't be catching no charabang for some time , and i do n't fancy your chances of simply walking there from here , we do n't know where the krauts are . ' 
 as the three men walked back to the wooded area they kept a very wary eye out for any activity . 
 ` now we know we are all on the same side , can you tell us anything about the landing that you could have seen from flying over it ? ' 
 fred asked connie . 
 ` what a fucking mess . 
 the area between alderton and hollesley seems to be the target . 
 i flew about a mile inland , all i could see to the right was fire and smoke . 
 in the fields i could n't see any movement . ' 
 ` no tanks or heavy equipment like artillery ? ' 
 ` none that i could see . 
 the fires seemed to start before the barges had chance to land anything . ' 
 ` stop . ' 
 herbert whispered , ` freeze , do n't move . ' 
 all three stopped as if walking into a minefield . 
 ` very slowly and quietly get down . ' 
 connie followed the examples set by fred and herbert . 
 as they all reached a crouched kneeling position herbert pointed silently at a hedgerow some 200 yards away . 
 he held up three fingers to signify that he had seen three men . 
 more signs between the scallywags indicated that the three men spotted were moving in the same direction as they were , and the presence of a heavy machine gun was likely . 
 sight of the other men had been lost when the brits and the american took cover , but herbert thought the others had not continued for much further before taking cover , probably as a precaution . 
 with hand cupped over their mouths the three huddled together and considered their options . 
 ` i 'm pretty sure they did n't spot us . ' 
 herbert whispered , ` i definitely saw a german helmet , and the top of a lafette 42 tripod for a spandau . ' 
 this was not good news . 
 the optimum operating crew of an mg 42 -lrb- sometimes called spandau by british troops from the manufacturer 's plates noting the district of berlin where some were produced -rrb- was six men for sustained fire operation . 
 the gun commander , who carried and fired the gun , the no. 2 who carried the tripod , and nos. 3 , 4 , and 5 who carried ammunition , spare barrels , entrenching tools , and other items . 
 this large team was often reduced to just three : the gunner , the loader -lrb- also barrel carrier -rrb- , and the spotter . 
 sustained fire in this case meant about 1,200 rounds per minute . 
 at such a high rate the human ear can not easily discern the sound of individual bullets being fired , and in use the gun makes a sound described as like ripping cloth and giving rise to the nickname ` hitler 's buzzsaw ' . 
 with a killing range of up to 1 mile this one gun alone can pin down a small army . 
 ` harry 's back at the hide , ' fred whispered to herbert , ` give the yank your sterling , get harry and circle round that hedgerow and lets see if we can outflank ` em . ' 
 without a word , herbert passed his machine gun on to connie , turned , and left without either making a sound , or raising his head above cover . 
 the call , ` fleetwood friend solo . ' 
 told harry wilkinson that one of the three-man crew of his outfit was returning on his own . 
 as herbert entered the room harry offered him a cup of tea , there always seemed time for tea , ` had a brew yet , bert ? ' 
 ` no , but if we do n't get a bloody move on fred will be getting bratvurst ! ' 
 ` christ , what 's happened ? ' 
 harry stuffed a couple of grenades in his pocket , then started to clip on his webbing , this contained pockets with ammunition for the sterlings . 
 ` we picked up this yank , then ran into some jerries . 
 they do n't know we are here yet . 
 fred wants us to outflank them , there may be only three , but there could be six . ' 
 ` how do you work that out ? 
 ` ` cause that is the usual number in support of a spandau machine gun . ' 
 ` so there 's three of us against maybe six jerries with a spandau -- the poor bastards , they do n't stand a chance . ' 
 ` and do n't forget the yank flyer . ' 
 ` where are they ? ' 
 harry returned to the serious point . 
 ` about half a mile from here , the krauts are one side of a hedge , fred is on the other . 
 they are closer to the hedge than fred . ' 
 herbert drew imaginary lines in the air with his hands . 
 ` fred and the yank are near a stream , so they can move about without being seen . 
 what fred is worried about is if they set that spandau up it could form part of a front line . ' 
 ` any news on heavy equipment landing ? ' 
 ` the yank flew over just before he was shot down , he says he did n't see any . ' 
 ` will we need a piat ? ' 
 harry pointed to a stubby anti-tank weapon . 
 ` you never know , it might come in useful , but i doubt it , there does n't seem to be any tanks . ' 
 ` ok , let 's go . ' 
 herbert and harry moved off on a course more to the left than herbert 's original course in . 
 this would then take them to an area the germans were previously headed for . 
 sergeant-artificer karl-heinz gaskell carefully placed his helmet on his head . 
 the headache he acquired on the barge was still throbbing and swollen . 
 he removed the helmet and adjusted the strapping to allow more room , then replaced it . 
 gunter and walter were either side of him looking through the hedge . 
 they saw nothing . 
 ` es scheint alles sehr ruhig . ' 
 -lrb- it all seems very quiet . -rrb- 
 panzergrenadier gunther bodie reported . 
 ` es sollte nicht sein . 
 wo sind die restlichen sturmtruppen ? ' 
 -lrb- it should n't be . 
 where are the rest of the assault troops ? -rrb- 
 feldwebel walter konig replied . 
 karl-heinz looked towards the sea . 
 all he could see was smoke rising from the beaches . 
 ` niemand wird kommen . 
 wir sind hier gestrandet . ' 
 -lrb- no-one is coming . 
 we are stranded here . -rrb- 
 quarter of a mile away herbert and harry slipped into a position on the flank of the german 's location . 
 armed with the piat , two sterlings , six grenades and pistols , they were ready for anything . 
 the only down side was the fact that they had no communications with fred , so there could be no co-ordinated attack . 
 gunter looked towards where harry and herbert lie . 
 he did n't see anything , the scallywags were too cunning for that . 
 karl-heinz had set up the mg 42 looking through the hedge , straight at fred and connie . 
 if either of them showed as much as a head it would be blown off , but they did n't know that . 
 herbert checked his weapons , then got his binoculars out . 
 he knew where the germans were the last time he saw them , then he saw the hedge move slightly . 
 ` if that 's a sparrow , it 's a big bastard . ' 
 he said quietly . 
 he swung his binos around to where he last saw fred . 
 by concentrating very hard he could just make out the round heads of his two compatriots . 
 ` that 's just dandy . 
 they are right in front of the bloody krauts . 
 we ca n't mess about here now , ' he turned to harry , ` what the hell did you bring that dirty great contraption for ? ' 
 he said , pointing at the piat . 
 ` it was doing no good back at base . ' 
 ` can you run with it ? ' 
 ` how far ? ' 
 ` nearly 200 yards over open ground . ' 
 ` what have you got planned ? ' 
 ` fred is holed up in front of that spandau . 
 what i propose is for me to move to a position to the other side , to the rear of the jerries , then we can attack them from two directions in a pincer 100 degrees apart . 
 i ca n't come in from behind them because of fred and the yank over there . ' 
 harry thought about this for a while . 
 ` we will have to be quick , if fred stands up when he hears shooting he will be right in front of that bloody big gun . ' 
 ` right , ' herbert began to prepare to move , ` when i am in position i will stand up and give you a wave , then drop down and be ready to give you covering fire if they see you running . ' 
 with that he started on his surreptitious circuitous route to circle round the unsuspecting germans . 
 walter took a ration pack from his satchel . 
 ` ist das ein kübelwagen ? ' 
 -lrb- is that a kubelwagen ? -rrb- 
 he pointed in the general direction that herbert was heading . 
 ` ja , ich denke es ist . ' 
 -lrb- yes , i think it is . -rrb- 
 replied gunther , ` glaubst du , wir könnten segeln zurück nach deutschland in ihr ? 
 -lrb- do you think we could sail back to germany in it ? -rrb- 
 ` der feind ist vor uns . ' 
 -lrb- the enemy is in front of us . -rrb- 
 karl-heinz sternly reminded his comrades , who dutifully turned to face the other way . 
 herbert then continued his expedition . 
 upon arriving at his chosen destination he stopped to draw breath . 
 through his binoculars he saw that harry was waiting and watching , he stood up , waved until harry began his run , then dropped to his belly and aimed his sterling at the germans . 
 just as herbert dropped to the ground a hail of bullets came flying over his head from behind him . 
 harry saw this and he , too dropped to the ground . 
 but harry had no cover , he was in open ground . 
 luckily no-one had spotted him . 
 but someone had spotted herbert , and they knew where he was hiding . 
 whoever it was kept up enough fire to keep herbert 's head down . 
 by then the group lead by karl-heinz became aware that someone was firing in their rear . 
 walter and karl-heinz began turning the mg 42 around whilst gustav gave covering fire with his schmeitzer sub-machine gun . 
 this got connie 's attention , he looked over the lip of the small valley they were in , only to see two germans struggling to get a gigantic machine gun free from the hedgerow . 
 he had just registered this when he felt a sharp kick on the shins . 
 the grass came rushing up to his face for the second time that day as his feet seemed to gain height . 
 by the time his nose hit the grass it was travelling downwards at a fair rate of knots . 
 his hands were stretched out above his head , so they could not prevent the nasal collision . 
 ` do n't you know the sounds of rounds coming towards you ? ' 
 fred seemed more surprised than anything . 
 connie opened his mouth to speak , but it filled with blood from his damaged proboscis . 
 fred signalled him to come and move further along the little valley . 
 from there they could take a safer look at what was happening . 
 harry could see muzzle flashes from behind where herbert was hiding . 
 so could fred and connie . 
 but they were all too far away to do anything , the sterling was a short range weapon . 
 then walter managed to get the tripod set up , and karl-heinz opened up with the mg 42 ` spandau ' . 
 with the loudest rip you have ever heard the big machine gun announced its presence . 
 a one and a half-second burst was all it took , the firing stopped . 
 no one knew who was firing at whom now , but herbert was glad it had stopped , he knew he had to keep his head down , but could see harry out in the open , if anyone took an interest in him , he knew he would have to reveal his own position . 
 ` sehen , wenn sie ihre umgekehrt funktionieren kann und sehen , wer da unten . ' 
 -lrb- see if you can work your way round and see who is down there . -rrb- 
 karl-heinz instructed gustav . 
 keeping as low as he could gustav moved away first to the right , then towards the firing position they had seen . 
 herbert was very surprised to see a german crawling towards him . 
 he selected single shot on his sterling and let gustav have it . 
 the bullet entered his shoulder and continued down his chest to exit by his hip . 
 he did not move again . 
 ` sehr gut . 
 gustav muss den feind gefunden zu haben und schickte ihn . ' 
 -lrb- very good . 
 gustav must have found the enemy and dispatched him . -rrb- 
 karl-heinz said . 
 walter then felt safe enough to raise his head and look around . 
 then he saw harry , ` da ist noch einer ! ' 
 -lrb- there 's another one ! -rrb- 
 he cried . 
 karl-heinz knew he could not bring the mg 42 to bear in time as harry opened fire with his sterling , but they were out of effective range . 
 walter began firing with his schmeitzer , but this too was ineffective at this range . 
 herbert then knelt on one knee and he , too opened fire with the same result . 
 fred and connie then decided to join in with their sterlings , this time with a strange effect . 
 the germans realised that they were surrounded and took cover . 
 harry realised that the machine guns were not having the desired effect from this range , and he was in the open anyway , so he moved in closer . 
 when he was about 150 yards away he dropped to one knee , unslung the piat from his back , primed it and fired at the sheltering germans . 
 the resulting explosion destroyed the mg 42 and everything around it , then the group went in search of the fire that came from behind herbert . 
 they found a single german who had been wounded by the mg 42 . 
 scallywags can not take prisoners . 
 o -- o -- o -- chapter 19 results back at luton , the photographic film taken by connie on his previous overflight , and the pictures taken by keith were taken to the section led by group commander louis birkinshaw . 
 this section had the task of analysing the pictures and passing on the resulting information to the relevant authorities . 
 louis was a serving raf officer , unusual in this area ; the majority of the personnel in the nissen huts were american . 
 most of the photographs they were studying came from olaf south 's people ; because they were in the right place at the right time . 
 the whole beach area was a blackened mess , even where the tide had gone out , it had left blackness behind , as if the scorched remnants could not be cleaned up . 
 dozens of burned-out barges , some still smouldering , littered the shoreline . 
 some vehicles had managed to disembark on to the sand , but they too were now burned out . 
 just to the left of the line connie flew along was the junction of hollesley road and buccanay lane ; here there seemed to be some activity around the trees . 
 ` i think you should look at this , sir . ' 
 1st lieutenant felix self looked up from his magnifying frame and called across to louis . 
 ` what is it , felix ? ' 
 ` there is something going on here . ' 
 ` let 's have a look . ' 
 louis peered into the twin magnifying glasses that give a limited stereoscopic view . 
 ` someone is having a picnic all right . ' 
 he looked around the room , ` olaf , could you have a look at this , are these your chaps ? ' 
 olaf walked across to the table and looked at the photograph . 
 ` if all the scallywags in suffolk gathered together there would n't be that many , and you would n't see them anyway . ' 
 he commented . 
 louis looked at felix , ` well spotted felix , ring it off as enemy activity . 
 i 'll see if we can get some activity of our own to deal with it . ' 
 45 minutes later six b-25s dropped high explosives on the junction . 
 over the next six months connie flew more dangerous recce missions for olaf . 
 the work of the scallywags did a lot of damage to the germans . 
 65 % of the men involved did n't even land . 
 nearly all of the barges were lost , any chance they had of re-enforcement was cancelled out by the royal navy and fighter-bombers flown in from all over the uk . 
 the men on the ground were denied the opportunity of getting to felixstowe by harrying attacks at the hands of the scallywags and army units brought in from their preparations for d-day by the transport aircraft that were supposed to take them across to france , mainly paras . 
 after the end of the war things were not as dangerous for the pilots flying intelligence gathering missions ; until the usa began to want to know exactly what the soviet union was up to behind the iron curtain . 
 then came the korean war . 
 connie was seconded ` on loan ' to work with the 323rd strategic reconnaissance squadron flying out of japan . 
 they were flying the rb-45 tornado , a four-engined bomber whose design began in 1945 . 
 most of the missions these recce aircraft were sent on were sensitive , secret , and dangerous . 
 all over enemy territory without escort , and little chance of rescue if compromised . 
 as the north koreans began to equip with the mig-15 these missions became more and more dangerous . 
 the new russian fighters could catch the rb-45s if given enough warning and time to get to altitude . 
 before the korean war was over connie was again transferred to england . 
 risky missions were being carried out over the soviet union . 
 olaf was involved , so his old team was called into action . 
 britain was also using the rb-45c ; four aircraft were attached to an usaf squadron based in raf sculthorpe , norfolk . 
 with raf markings , these performed significant operations over the soviet union during a period when the president of the united states prohibited such usaf overflight operations . 
 that did n't worry olaf , he was n't usaf , neither were his people . 
 so they were all transferred from the korean theater of operations to uk . 
 one well-known op consisted of three of the four rb-45c 's deployed on ` operation ju-jitsu ' on april 17 , 1952 . 
 they flew over russia at 36,000 feet gathering electronic intelligence and photographs of the targets before returning to sculthorpe ten hours later . 
 on this operation all went according to plan , but on the next such operation , on april 28 , 1954 , again the three aircraft took off from sculthorpe . 
 the leader of the raf detachment , squadron leader crampton was tasked with overflying kiev . 
 on this occasion he was tracked by ground radar and came under anti-aircraft fire . 
 applying full power meant that a return to sculthorpe would not be possible , so he immediately turned and headed for germany . 
 soviet night fighters were dispatched to hunt him down , but were unsuccessful . 
 subsequent flights over the soviet union were carried out using english electric canberras under the codename ` operation robin ' , operating at higher altitudes of around 54,000 feet . 
 nothing is known of connie 's activities during this time , but after the shooting down of the u-2 flown by gary powers in 1960 olaf 's flying escapades were curtailed , with the return to civilian life of his aircrews . 
 but not for long ; in february 1965 connie was still living in england when he received an ` invitation ' from olaf to meet with him and visit samlesbury airfield in the north of the country . 
 the development and flight testing of a new military aircraft is a monumental task . 
 a much more palatable solution is to acquire machinery ` off the shelf ' , if such an aircraft can be found and made available . 
 - o - o - o - acknowledgements drawings in this book are the creation of the author , with inspirations and research from : readers digest great world atlas . 
 1962 observers books of aircraft raf flying review the illustrated encyclopaedia of aircraft pilot 's notes -lrb- various -rrb- airfix models transport models , preston many websites , including : sr-71 online wickepedia designation-systems . 
 net vectorsite aviation-history . 
 com this book would not have been possible without discussions with the following , amongst others : neville beckett joan martin jimmy dell jim britton ken saunders judith pratt 
