 return to rhonan a paranormal romance katy walters copyright 2012 katy walters oakwood house publishing license notes : this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this ebook with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 chapter 29 chapter 30 chapter 31 chapter 32 chapter 33 chapter 34 chapter 35 chapter 36 chapter 37 chapter 38 chapter 39 chapter 40 chapter 41 chapter 42 chapter 43 chapter 44 chapter 45 chapter 46 chapter 47 chapter 48 chapter 49 chapter 50 chapter 51 possessed at rhonan : chapter 1 from the author ~ this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and events are either products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events , locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 dedication to my sister helen with love prologue surely , he will return ? 
 she dwelt on his last words , ` stay safe my sweet - i love you . ' 
 her voice echoed through the empty room . 
 ` duncan - i need you - come back . ' 
 she peered through a window darker than night - a pale face looking out onto a world so different from the one she remembered . 
 once a place of pride , life and love , the manor now stood derelict . 
 she looked across overgrown grounds to the drive covered in fallen branches . 
 she was alone waiting - ever roaming the deserted rooms - searching . 
 scarlet tendrils of hair dimmed by the dust of centuries hung to a slender waist . 
 as she lifted the tattered curtain , light from a gibbous moon shone through the skeletal hand . 
 had he ever received her message ? 
 surely , their love could never die ? 
 must she wander through eternity alone ? 
 ` duncan , do n't leave me . 
 do n't leave me with this pain , ' she whispered , tears streaming down mouldering cheeks . 
 ` duncan ... please do n't leave me . ' 
 gliding on dead leaves strewn over a malodourous carpet , she reached the far window . 
 maybe he was by the lake ... but the lake looked back , dark and rank , polluted with decaying reeds . 
 she was alone . 
 had he forgotten the oath they pledged ? 
 ` forever united . ' 
 it seemed death 's steel sickle sliced through dreams , destroying love . 
 the boy crept through tangled bushes , his eyes fixed on ivy greedily digging into stone hewn walls . 
 was it really haunted ? 
 did the red lady walk the rooms ? 
 were there ghouls and gibbering demons ? 
 why did he accept the dare ? 
 silly sod , he did n't want to appear a coward in front of melissa . 
 he just prayed he did n't see anything . 
 warily , legs trembling , he crept to the window , his heart thudding as he gazed up at crumbling parapets jagged against clouds etched in charcoal . 
 his hand shook , as he wiped the glass begrimed with moss . 
 he had to do it , the others watched in safety from a distant copse of silver birch . 
 just one look and he 'd done it . 
 the boy shrieked , as a figure hovered before him , her eyes vivid green gleaming in the hollow sockets of a skull . 
 where was her face ? 
 he clasped his mouth , as he saw shreds of putrefied skin dropping to her neck . 
 stepping backwards , he turned and ran , his chest too tight to scream , the only noises he made were squeaks and grunts of terror . 
 he turned his head just once passing the lake , was she following ? 
 the fleeing boy did not see the pale face watching him , calling , an emaciated hand tapping the fractured glass . 
 chapter 1 present day - jessica new york she knew even before the cell phone vibrated , even before she clicked on the text . 
 ` mom passed away - 10 mins ago . 
 wait for u at home . 
 unc tim . ' 
 fighting back fat tears she texted back : ` will be 20 mins . 
 got client . ' 
 jessica looked over to her patient deep in hypnotic trance . 
 it would take time to bring her back from a past life , time that no longer existed for her step-mother . 
 she wanted to squash time , to be with her immediately . 
 grief flayed her heart , as she struggled to keep calm . 
 jolting a person out of a past life could cause cardiac arrest . 
 often on surfacing from a deep trance , patients were excited and eager to tell of their experiences . 
 mystified , others told of a life in a distant age , whilst a few returned heartbroken . 
 it took time to bring them back fully into this life . 
 ` megan , i want you to start coming back now . 
 as i count to five , so you are leaving the past in the past where it belongs , you are bringing nothing with you . 
 you will be calm , relaxed and confident . 
 so now , one ... two ... ' *** standing by her stepmother 's still body , jessica felt an icy breeze swirl through the open window , blowing the voile curtains around her face . 
 smoothing down the folds , she shivered , unaware of a transparent figure float through to hover by her side . 
 her tears fell , as she recalled their latest argument . 
 ` you ca n't desert us . 
 this is n't just a business ; it 's in our blood . ' 
 ` your blood mom , not mine . ' 
 ` this is an empire you 're throwing away . 
 our ancestors started with nothing - forced onto coffin ships from scotland . 
 so many died . ' 
 jessica turned away , ready to leave the kitchen . 
 ` that was over two hundred years ago . 
 i ca n't live my life in the past . ' 
 ` grandma morag worked day and night washing , cooking , scrubbing until the blood ran . 
 some winters she damn well starved . 
 she knew what it was to suffer . 
 she built an empire from a lodging shack for lumberjacks . ' ' 
 i ca n't give up my life - it 's just a business . ' 
 ` she 'll haunt you - there 're some in the family have seen her . ' 
 ` why should she haunt me for doing what i believe in ? ' 
 now , jessie knelt by the side of the bed , her hot tears falling on the still hand , as she said , ` i 'm sorry , so sorry . ' 
 she sobbed laying her head on the still chest , her long red hair covering them both . 
 jessie raised her head to the squeak of the bedroom door opening . 
 ` uncle tim ? 
 oh god - i want her back - i want her back . ' 
 she clung on to her stepmother 's hand trying to pull her from death . 
 but , death grinned . 
 an elderly man strode across to the four-poster bed . 
 ` jessie , my dear child . 
 it 's an awful shock ... ' ' i wish i had n't hurt her . 
 but , i could n't go into the business . 
 why did n't she understand ? ' 
 ` prissy loved you jess , but she was a strong woman . 
 had to be , to run an empire . 
 it was in her blood , her main reason for living besides you . ' 
 ` my heart is in psychology . 
 i never wanted anything else . ' 
 ` you 're so like your birth mother . 
 now it was her ambition to be a nurse , but she had you instead . 
 you follow her jess . 
 she 'd have been so proud of you . ' 
 ` why did she leave me ? 
 why did she take her life uncle tim ? 
 i just wish i knew her . 
 i killed her did n't i ? ' 
 ` now , now jess do n't say that . 
 no one realized she was ill . 
 prissy blamed herself for not seeing the signs - we all did . 
 but , prissy loved you from the moment she laid eyes on you . 
 everything was for you . ' 
 ` now you make me feel awful . 
 i should have -- ' ` no - no . 
 you gave prissy something to live for - to love . 
 thank god you did ; she could have been a monster . ' 
 ` how can i go on without her ? ' 
 taking her hand he said , ` you have to be strong my darling . 
 he broke off as he sniffed the air . 
 `` seaweed ? 
 now where is that coming from ? ' 
 jessie smelt it too , ` we 're not far from the docks . ' 
 neither saw the wraithlike figure beside her , a skeletal arm reaching out . 
 gently , the old man handed jessie a tissue as he led her to a carved mahogany chair . 
 ` come , come and sit down . ' ' 
 i just wish my mother could have known . ' 
 ` maybe she does my darling - maybe she does . ' 
 as the elderly man stooped to comfort her , neither saw the ghostly figure , stretched emaciated fingers to stroke jessie 's bright hair . 
 *** st. brigid 's thronged with mourners and parishioners paying their respects to priscilla elizabeth mcgregor . 
 jessie sat at the front of the church whilst representatives of charities , hospitals , orphanages , too many to name , packed the cathedral alongside friends and family . 
 she fingered the locket handed down through the generations from grandma morag . 
 prissy always kept it locked away in her safe . 
 yet , as if having a premonition of her death , she gave it to jess . 
 jess could almost sense her stepmother 's fingers on the old gold ; hear her voice . 
 ` this is for you now jess . 
 keep it safe . 
 she turned the page of the hymnbook her voice choking over the words , ` abide with me , fast falls the eventide . ' 
 later at the reception , mingling among the guests , jessie glanced at the maids in black calf length dresses with frilled white aprons serving canapés whilst young male waiters offered drinks or champagne from sterling silver trays . 
 struggling to keep her face composed , she looked over to her cousin dinah , helping to carry the load of greeting and listening to the mourners who flocked to the wake . 
 they 'd been friends for years , sharing a room at university . 
 now they had a therapy practice together . 
 today , dinah looked sophisticated with her pale white skin and dark-brown hair swept up into a sleek chignon , her ample curves snugly fitting a tailored black dress . . 
 jess sighed as she picked up her drink . 
 the guests showed signs of leaving . 
 she saw dinah break away from a group and come towards her . 
 ` jess , how are you keeping up ? ' 
 ` not too good di ' it just wish she 'd had a chance to go to scotland - that was her dream you know , find a cottage by a loch , search for our ancestors . ' 
 ` then why do n't we do that ? ' 
 jess felt the tears fill her eyes . 
 ` i 'd like to di ' , but we ca n't leave the practice . ' 
 ` already done . 
 i have two locums lined up . 
 they would be happy to take over for a few weeks . ' 
 ` no - i could n't di - not now . 
 i 'd be deserting her . ' 
 ` jess - you 'd be closer to her - fulfilling her dream . 
 her spirit would be with you in scotland , in the land she loved . ' 
 ` look you need a break , we both do . ' 
 *** as sleep evaded her , jessie laid thinking about the impending journey to scotland . 
 the phantom figures of muriall and duncan rose in her mind . 
 she did n't even remember slipping into the dream , into their world . 
 muriall walked towards him ; the soaking cheesecloth of her chemise clinging to every curve . 
 as he looked up into her eyes , the colour of emeralds , he said , ` you look like a mermaid , wet and beautiful . ' 
 she fell on the blanket beside him , playfully shaking her soaked titian locks over him . ' 
 i wish we could be together all the time duncan - not escaping here when we can . 
 how long can we go on like this ? 
 you know your father will find out . 
 max has n't said a word yet , but we ca n't trust him . 
 if it is n't him , it will be some spiteful servant who will tell him . 
 then your father will send me away . ' 
 ` never my sweet . 
 father is frail , his health failing . 
 his room stinks of potions and unguents . ' 
 ` do n't speak so ; it is as if you wish his death . 
 ` he is denying food and shelter to thousands , yes thousands of our tenants . 
 he is about to evict whole families from their crofts . 
 he is treacherous , without pity for the men women and children starving on our estates . 
 one day we will rule rhonan , and we will redeem our tenants , give them back their tenures , and they will thrive under our care . ' ' 
 i hear tell from alice and robbie that many are thinking of emigrating - some say to america or canada . 
 it is something the scots have always done throughout the centuries , but this emigration is far worse as they have no choice . ' 
 ` so i shall tender to those who are left . 
 one day muriall , you will be countess of rhonan . ' . 
 jessie moaned , as her eyes opened to the darkness of the room , her heart hammering . 
 the dream had always been the same , but tonight there was a difference - tonight duncan spoke of his father , and one possible clue , the countess of rhonan . 
 if there was any truth in dreams , then this was a definite lead . 
 those three small letters ` mur ' , on the tattered piece of paper handed down through the generations could possibly read muriall . 
 chapter 2 2010 august - rhonan , north-west scotland ` six million pounds ? ' 
 the sun bounced off the solicitor 's bald pink pate as he nodded , douglas mavebury felt sand churn in his stomach . 
 within seconds , he 'd gone from struggling to pay the mortgage on a flat in bognor regis , england , to a multimillionaire with a derelict manor house and a ruined castle in the wilds of north-west scotland . 
 his heart jumped into his throat as he watched the equally pink fingers of the solicitor turn the page as he informed douglas that he also inherited the title earl of rhonan from a distant relative , a lord richard mavebury . 
 he turned to see his brother 's mouth drop open ; fingers tremble as he flicked back a lock of dark blond hair . 
 ` you 're a millionaire . ' 
 douglas 's voice grated like gravel falling on tin . 
 ` good god . ' 
 he waited as the solicitor mr. edward pevensey polished his glasses . 
 ` yes . 
 some of your family members are not long-lived or die childless so the title is free . 
 none of them stay very long anyway . ' 
 ` why ? ' 
 ` it 's haunted - haunted . ' 
 he pulled down his cuffs as if to make a point . 
 douglas laughed , ` come off it ; you 're joking . ' 
 ` my dear sir , i would not joke about such a serious matter . ' 
 ` so who or what is doing the haunting ? 
 ` seems the ghost of muriall - appears - the lost love of lord duncan . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` yes , muriall was the penniless ward of the earl - she disappeared or died . 
 i think he was in london when she disappeared . 
 there is talk that she bore his child . 
 now it seems she has returned to haunt the manor . 
 however , they say there 's a darker current there - nothing to do with her , although she 's reported to be terrifying enough . ' 
 ` darker current ? ' 
 ` yes - there was a hell fire club - quite notorious in its time - held in the caves underneath the castle ruins - conjuring up demons . 
 rumour has it that lord maximillian the earl 's second son played an important part . ' 
 douglas frowned , ` ghosts ? 
 hell fire club ? 
 load of rubbish . 
 just , a group of perverts . ' 
 pevensey interrupted , ` hardly sir , but i wo n't go into details . ' 
 he added quietly , ` you should be careful what you say . 
 ` ghosts can be quite evil when crossed and as for demons ? ' 
 he shrugged his shoulders , as he continued , ` there have been a few people drowned in the lake in horrific circumstances , let alone the ones we do n't know of . ' 
 douglas raised his eyebrows , superstitious nonsense . 
 ` how long is it since this since this distant relative passed away ? ' 
 ` twelve years sir . 
 since then , we 've advertised in the newspapers , the times , guardian . ' 
 ` sheer fluke i read the paper - needed an article for an art class . ' 
 the solicitor smiled , showing a smooth set of veneers as he leant forward . 
 ` now let 's get to the nitty gritty , the will and the entailment . 
 the manor house was originally limited to male lineal descendants . 
 however , just before his death , lord duncan mavebury , earl of rhonan , changed the entailment , so that the heir could be either male or female and not a direct descendent of the deceased earl . ' 
 douglas raised his eyebrows . 
 ` that was really stretching the rules then ? ' 
 pevensey nodded . 
 ` quite . 
 now , you are not a direct descendent of the lord duncan , but you are a descendent of his brother , lord guy , who took the title and demesne . 
 lord guy was the third son of the earl . ' 
 ` you know there was some romantic rumour of a lord in the family , but that 's all it was . ' 
 pevensey looked at the two younger men , ` can i offer you a drink ? 
 whisky - gin - sherry ? ' 
 seeing nathan 's nod , douglas said , ` make those two whiskeys please . ' 
 ` ginger ? 
 ice ? ' 
 ` no - no . 
 straight thanks . ' 
 pouring the whiskey into crystal tumblers pevensey continued . 
 ` now lord duncan also added a codicil . 
 unfortunately , it 's not good news . ' 
 douglas shrugged , uncomfortable in a navy suit he kept for weddings and funerals . 
 nathan as usual was easy in a padded jacket , frayed jeans and trainers . 
 at least , the trainers were new . 
 pevensey continued . 
 ` the codicil stipulates that if a true direct descendent of lord duncan appears , then the demesne together with all monies would immediately be transferred to him or her . 
 now there are only another eighteen months left before it becomes null and void . 
 at which time , you will have no further worries . ' 
 douglas drank some of the whiskey , enjoying the fire in his gullet . 
 ` so has anyone come forward yet ? ' 
 pevensey looked up , the sun catching on his rimless spectacles . 
 ` frauds , the lot of them . 
 they 're still coming out of the woodwork . ' 
 douglas said , ` so we could kiss the manor and land good bye then . ' 
 ` i 'm afraid so . 
 however , let 's talk about the money . 
 some must be used for the upkeep and renovation of the manor and ground . 
 it is sadly in need of renovation . 
 the castle is a ruin but can be renovated if there are sufficient funds . ' 
 tapping his fingers on the papers pevensey said , ` there is also another codicil - strange but must be upheld . 
 he lifted another page of heavy parchment . 
 ` lord duncan built a mausoleum on an island on the lake . 
 in it are two coffins . 
 i 'll read you this bit , `` the marble coffin is to remain empty until muriall mondell returns , either in her physical form or that of her spirit . 
 in death , we are reunited . '' 
 strange i know . 
 furthermore , the mausoleum must remain unlocked . 
 therefore , the rumours about her bearing him a child could be true . ' 
 ` that 's a bit eerie . 
 it 's the stuff of gothic romance - tragic . '' 
 nathan interrupted , ` it 's bloody tragic for you too . 
 you 've inherited all this , and it could be taken away - just like that . ' 
 he turned his head to pevensey . ' 
 what if my brother did the renovations ? 
 what then ? ' 
 ` oh it would still revert to the true heir . 
 you may be able to claim some of the money back for the time and effort spent on the work done , but i ca n't really advise . ' 
 nathan swung around to douglas , who sat silently his eyes narrowed , brows almost meeting . 
 ` what are you going to do ? ' ' 
 i just ca n't walk away can i ? ' 
 chapter 3 august - 2010 rhonan north-west scotland douglas felt his stomach tighten as they neared rhonan town . 
 six million pounds was serious money but would it cover the cost of renovation ? 
 nathan broke through his thoughts . 
 ` cheer up . 
 you 're lord of all you survey and a multi-millionaire . ' 
 ` yeah , but the manor 's in a hell of a state . 
 pevensey said the surveyors estimate it 's going to cost at least two million to renovate it . 
 make a good hotel . 
 we 'll have to live in a caravan though . ' 
 ` we ? ' 
 douglas looked over smiling . 
 ` yeah - you and me . 
 partners - we share everything . 
 i 'm going to draw up papers so that your name is on everything . 
 what about it ? ' 
 nathan whooped , throwing a fist in the air . 
 ` yeah - i could kiss you bro . ' 
 ` do n't - do n't even try . ' 
 rhonan was a regency town , with broad streets and wide pavements . 
 the shops huddled together behind mullioned windows and arched wooden doorways . 
 jars of brightly coloured sweets beckoned , alongside the tempting smell of freshly baked bread and pastries . 
 wooden mannequins stared with painted eyes beside leather saddles , riding hats and whips . 
 ` there 's the sign over there . ' 
 nathan pointed to a sign indicating rhonan manor was the third turning to the right at the roundabout . 
 douglas swallowed , as he looked up at the entrance to the estate , consisting of three gothic arches , complete with gargoyles . 
 the ornate wrought iron gates covered in ivy listed to one side . 
 rhododendrons hung precariously over the drive , whilst hydrangeas flowered in wild abundance . 
 douglas strove to avoid the wreckage , stopping to gaze at the purple splendour of copper beech trees contrasting with the bright yellow of larch . 
 nathan whispered , ` look over there , the castle . ' 
 douglas muttered , ` well it 's certainly a ruin . 
 i ca n't see us doing that up for a few years . 
 but , it will be a good draw . ' 
 he slowed down as they caught sight of the manor sparkling white , rising from a hill before them . 
 nathan pointed to the lake , ` look there 's the island - must be over forty metres wide . ' 
 douglas muttered , ` pevensey was right ; it is palladian style , late eighteenth century . 
 it has a lot of history here . 
 it will draw people in as well as the castle . ' 
 *** on the first floor of the manor , dust motes spiralled slowly around the translucent form of a young woman , a few clumps of scarlet hair clinging to a putrefying scalp . 
 her hand lifted the ragged edge of the curtain , the light shining through flesh hanging in mouldering strips from delicate bones . 
 douglas 's heart sank , as he saw the crumbling pillared front stone porch , the colonnade of columns lining the terraces and portico , chipped and cracked . 
 he said , ` some of the windows are open to the elements . 
 god knows what it 's like inside . ' 
 nathan glanced up at the second window on the left on the first floor . 
 ` did you see that flash of red ? 
 looks like someone moving up there - look there on the first floor ? ' 
 douglas squinted . 
 ` no - nothing there . 
 must have been the light catching the glass , or what 's left of it . ' 
 ` huh , might be the ghost of muriall . ' ' 
 a ghost is the least of our worries . 
 this is a damn ruin let alone the castle . ' 
 he caught his breath , as they stepped into the central hall , although again sadly in need of repair . 
 it must have been magnificent , as it soared up the whole height of the manor into a cupola with pillars decorated in trompe l'oeil . 
 far above them , the figure moved to the door listening , softly sighing , ` stay ... ' looking up nathan whispered , ` did you hear that ? 
 d'you think it 's her ? ' 
 douglas grinned , ` you 'd love it would n't you ? 
 but , sorry bro ' it 's the wind . 
 it 's a big old draughty place . 
 honestly , that imagination of yours . ' 
 as nathan pushed the door open walking into what appeared to be a sitting room , at least sixty feet long by thirty feet wide , he was unaware of a woman 's skeletal hand on his shoulder . 
 ` wow this would make a fantastic restaurant . ' 
 the dining room appeared vast . 
 the darker spaces on the burgundy wall showed traces of paintings taken down , whilst dust sheets covered the chairs . 
 a magnificent oak dresser with lead lined glass ; grey with grime and dust stood to one wall . 
 douglas muttered ` this would seat quite a few people - just right . ' 
 he looked at his reflection in a huge gilt framed mirror with aging black patches , jumping back as the surface appeared to ripple . 
 blinking his eyes , he tried to readjust his sight . 
 the mirror must be ancient . 
 it would have to be re-silvered . 
 another door led into what must have been the ballroom with bay windows overlooking the lawns whilst another led into a long rectangular dining room , the rich red brocade wallpaper peeling , again darker patches showed where paintings once hung . 
 nat said , ` make a good bar you know . ' 
 he shivered as they entered a long stone corridor , which led to a wood galleried kitchen . 
 looking up at the carved gallery some sixteen feet high stretching along the whole length of one stone wall nat said , ` what 's the gallery for then ? ' 
 magnificent is n't it ? 
 every morning the lady of the house would enter through the door to stand on the gallery and throw down the day 's menu to the kitchen servants . 
 did n't want any contact with them . 
 in those days , they were afraid of lice jumping on them . 
 you can catch cholera or typhus from fleas . ' 
 ` that 's sickening , and they did the cooking . 
 yuck . ' 
 ` the servants would have been clean , but lice lived in the seams and hems of clothes . ' 
 nat gazed up at the gallery , picturing the lady of the house or the maid throwing down the day 's menu . 
 ` life was risky in those days . ' 
 douglas turned to the door . 
 ` better see the state of the bedrooms . ' 
 together they climbed the central staircase leading to a landing with corridors off both sides . 
 the master bedroom held a magnificent four-poster bed with tudor roses carved in the central panes of the head and footboards . 
 douglas swept his hand over the headboard , ` not in bad nick . 
 needs a polish though . ' 
 nathan looked at the vast oak carved wardrobe . 
 ` look there 's a huge wicker basket here , must 've been for the dogs . ' 
 strolling over to the wardrobe , he said , ` look , the last owners even left clothes in here . ' 
 ` yeah , pevensey did say they left in a hurry . ' 
 douglas stopped abruptly . 
 ` can you smell that ? 
 it 's like ozone - seaweed ? ' 
 ` nathan frowned , ` yeah you 're right . ' 
 ` strange . ' 
 ` yeah , but we not far from the sea so maybe the wind 's blowing this way . ' 
 chapter 4 muriall - august 1810 rhonan manor - north west scotland the young woman leapt up through the surface of the lake , a nymph among water lilies , her hair , scarlet threads , weaving over white skin . 
 as she turned to him , the sun splashed light into her green eyes . 
 with an impish smile , she called out , ` come in duncan ; i dare you . ' 
 he rose to her taunts shucking off slim fitting pantaloons . 
 his strong strokes brought him swiftly to her . 
 instantly , she dived down disappearing among the reeds , feet kicking , her white chemise billowing . 
 pushing away the green fronds snaking around his arms and legs , he grasped the girl 's ankle , pulling her to him . 
 bubbles escaped from her lips , as she turned , lithe as an eel , her legs clinging to him , kissing his chest , his mouth . 
 then , rising like an arrow in flight , she shot up into the light sparkling through pale green water . 
 reaching the shallows , he hefted her up into his arms carrying her to the grassy bank . 
 teasingly , she bit his ear , pulling at his black hair , wet and glossy on his shoulders as , he lay her down gently on the blanket , throwing himself beside her . 
 stroking away the scarlet strands from her face he said , ` such beauty and all mine . ' 
 nuzzling her throat , he found her lips , her tongue . 
 responding she pushed into his body , curves flowing into angles . 
 his mouth found the buds of her nipples hardening , as her body arched to his kisses , his tongue following the line of her quivering muscles . 
 gently , duncan massaged the calves of her legs , feeling her tense as he reached the top of her inner thigh . 
 lowering his head , he felt her fingers pull gently at his hair as his mouth teasingly flitted over the sweet triangle of red curls , the inner folds , soft as velvet . 
 groaning , she lifted her body towards him , her hands now clutching his back , nails digging into his flesh , urging him on . 
 his heart hammered as her long legs wrapped around his buttocks pushing him closer to her . 
 raising himself up to kiss her , his tongue flicked inside her cheek as he penetrated . 
 hearing her gasp , feeling her shudder , he pushed deeper . 
 time ceased to exist in a rhythm beyond words or sound . 
 light melted into an exquisite darkness as ecstasy took them over the edge . 
 pulling away , muriall lifted herself onto her elbow to stroke his hair . 
 he was gorgeous , looking more rake than a gentleman . 
 however , she knew he was faithful to her . 
 she fell in love with him when she was all of two years old , a foundling brought into the household . 
 looking up into those emerald eyes he said , ` you seduce me with a look . 
 i swear you 're a siren . ' ' 
 i am not . 
 i am all woman - tis a human heart beats in here . ' ' 
 a lovechild no less , and love is what you were made for . ' 
 muriall 's eyes clouded . 
 ` do not jest with me duncan . 
 tis no joke . 
 i will never know -- ' ` my darling , i am so sorry ; i would cut my tongue out if it hurts you . 
 here take the riding crop , whip me . ' 
 muriall wiped her eyes , a smile tugging at the mouth . 
 ` it still hurts me duncan . 
 i just wish i had known my birth mother . 
 i long to -- ' he stopped her words with a tender kiss . 
 reaching for her , he held her close , kissing the slender neck , nipping at her ears until she squealed . 
 he found her mouth , tasting the honey sweetness , smelling the lavender , her favourite flower . 
 flipping her over , he held himself up by muscled arms , gazing down at her pert rounded breasts , at the rosy aureoles of her nipples . 
 laughing she touched his lip with her finger . 
 ` have you not had enough my lord . ' 
 groaning , he rolled onto his side and lifting himself up on his elbow , played with the tendrils of red hair . 
 hearing a cluster of birds flutter from the nearby tree , muriall turned away to see a man watching from the trees . 
 the sun glinted on the dark blonde hair ; his foppish face held a scowl whilst his hand clutched the scabbard of his short sword . 
 muriall 's eyes narrowed ; it was maximillian , damn rakehell . 
 how long had he been there ? 
 seeing the hatred in his eyes , she knew he would run duncan through with his sword if he could , even though he was his brother . 
 she bared her teeth at him , willing him to retreat . 
 smirking he raised a hand in greeting , before turning on his heel , disappearing noiselessly through the trees . 
 her heart lurched ; maximillian lived only for his cups , horses and the turn of a card ; a despoiler of young women , he was without scruples . 
 ` dammit , max was watching . 
 he knows we are lovers - i dread to think what he will do . ' 
 rising to his feet , duncan stood , hands on hips ` then i must needs seek him out and deal with it . ' 
 ` but say he informs the earl ? 
 i would be banished - ruined - cast out . ' 
 ` never , whilst i live . 
 worry not my sweet this will be sorted . 
 if he informs the earl , then i shall be forced to call him out . ' 
 no , you ca n't do that . 
 he 's evil - a satanist - he 'd raise some demon -- ' ` surely you do not believe in such nonsense ? 
 irritated , muriall punched him lightly . 
 ` you 've heard the rumours , animals missing , ghostly lights - howling in the ruins at night , talk of sacrifices . ' 
 ` now you are joking . ' 
 ` how about the girls who are missing ? 
 you ca n't argue with that ? ' 
 ` what jenny barber ? 
 you know what she 's like . 
 many a pair of pantaloons has dropped for her . 
 and as for alfreda - need we go into that ? ' 
 ` so just because they are women of ill-repute you do not question their disappearance ? 
 for all you know they may be stretched across some altar right now , being raped or eaten alive by some demon . ' 
 ` now you are getting dramatic . 
 they are most probably in some buck 's bed as we talk . ' 
 ` please duncan - listen to me - do n't call him out - do n't fight him . 
 we must think of another way . 
 why , oh why does he hate us so ? ' 
 ` he 's jealous - always lusted after you . 
 not only does he want my inheritance - he wants you . 
 telling my father is a way of getting both . ' 
 ` he knows i have nothing but contempt for him . 
 i despise his very presence . ' 
 muriall scowled , trying to rise to her feet . ' 
 i fail to see why any woman would want him . ' 
 ` aye , a scoundrel but few marry for love , my sweet . 
 one has a duty to carry on the title and ensure the estate . ' 
 her eyes grew pensive as she said , ` the earl looks upon me as his daughter even though i am his ward , but i fear his wrath should he ever find out . ' 
 ` he is in his dotage . 
 he leaves the running of the estates to me . 
 maximillian does not stir from his bed until noon , and would gamble the whole estate away if he could . ' 
 'd ` you think you can persuade the earl to spare the farmers ? 
 tis a dreadful business duncan . 
 already the sea folk are beginning to starve . 
 droves of people are being driven to the coast from the other estates . 
 now the seas are over fished and the seaweed scarce . ' ' 
 i will damn well try . 
 there is a meeting with the other estate owners tomorrow night . 
 maybe we can find a way to stop the evictions . ' 
 ` so who will be present at the meeting ? ' 
 ` so far , tis the duke of glennard , the marquis de mendane and viscount fletcher . ' 
 surely , they can do something to stop this treachery , this misery ? ' 
 ` the duke yes , but the others do n't have the tenants ' rights at heart . 
 like max , all they care about are horses , cards , and mistresses . ' ' 
 i just wish i could attend the meeting - it 's so unjust duncan . 
 women are treated like pets to be fondled and fed . ' 
 ` not you my love , you have claws . ' 
 chapter 5 present day rhonan manor ` exorcism ? 
 for god 's sake . 
 do n't be so damn stupid . ' 
 nathan 's eyes narrowed . 
 ` if you want people to work here , then we 've got to go through with it . ' 
 pacing the black and white stone tiles of the vast marbled hall , douglas 's nails dug into the palms of his hands . 
 they needed more staff desperately , but this was superstitious nonsense . 
 it would only aggravate the situation further . 
 a draught swept through the cavernous space lifting the edge of an ancient tapestry of medieval knights . 
 ` you 're insulting father o'reilly here . 
 i 've pleaded with him to help us and then all you can do is mouth off at him . 
 people in the district just refuse to work here ; they 're too damn scared . 
 we should be opening in six weeks . 
 we ca n't afford for anything to go wrong now . 
 listen to sense . ' 
 nathan stuffed his hands in the corduroy trousers , creased and stained with what looked suspiciously like cow dung , the elbows of his tweed jacket threadbare . 
 douglas 's dress taste now ran to the italian look of the designer jacket complimented with a silk tee shirt contrasting with nathan 's country farmer style . 
 ` do n't tell me how to do my job . 
 you stick to the domestic farming and the grounds . 
 i 'll see to the hotel . ' 
 ` we 're partners here , so i do have a say in the matter . 
 we 've only got a few more weeks before we open - we 've got to get more staff from the local people - we ca n't afford edinburgh rates . 
 come on douglas , this makes sense . ' 
 ` sense ? 
 you call this sense ? 
 it will lower the prestige of the hotel . ' 
 douglas paused looking up at the head of a stuffed stag ; the eyes seemed to glisten as if watching him . ' 
 i do n't remember discussing or agreeing to any of this with you . ' 
 ` stop playing the big brother with me . 
 i do n't think i have to inform you of every decision i make . 
 father is doing us a favour . 
 seeing as we 're part of the church . ' 
 ` you might be . 
 four weeks and suddenly you 're converted . 
 last month , it was buddhism . '' 
 ` at least i 'm not a bloody atheist . ' 
 ` agnostic , nathan . 
 i do n't have any religious inclinations . 
 just listen to yourself man , an exorcism ? 
 we 're not in the middle ages . 
 next you 'll be telling me it 's incense , bells and candles . ' 
 ` so , how the hell d'you think you 'll get staff from the villages then ? ' 
 ` you 're showing the world we have a bloody ghost . 
 ` for fuck 's sake ? ' 
 nathan stopped abruptly . 
 ` sorry father i got carried away . ' 
 the priest shook his head , the white hair forming a crown around his natural tonsure . 
 showing grey stubs of teeth , he said , ' t is the devil you 're inviting in here with your quarrelling . ' 
 taking a small flask from his pocket , he noisily swigged down the contents . 
 smacking his lips , he said , ` i 'm after having a hot toddy , for the arthritis . 
 tis like an ice house in here , to be sure , an ice house . ' 
 nathan opened his arms , pleading , ` father . 
 what would you suggest ? ' 
 the priest rubbed his pockmarked nose , ' t is not up to me to come between brothers . 
 but , i warn ye , it might take more than an exorcism to shift these ghosties . 
 do n't be insulting them now , or they 'll be after your soul . ' 
 douglas glared at nathan . 
 ` no - it 's not going to happen . 
 that 's final - no exorcism . ' 
 nathan sprang from his seat . 
 ` do n't tell me you have n't experienced it , look me in the eye and tell me that you have n't heard or seen anything . ' 
 ` no i have n't . ' 
 thundered douglas . 
 ` we 've been living in the bloody caravan for the past year and a half . ' 
 the priest took a pipe out from his cloak , fumbling around for the packet of tobacco . 
 carefully filling his pipe , he turned to douglas speaking quietly . 
 ` there 's something here . 
 been quiet for some time now , but it 's returned . 
 can you not smell it ? 
 the smell of the seaweed - the sulfur ? 
 to be sure , the seaweed is muriall , but the stink of sulfur - now ye are in trouble , tis a demon . ' 
 douglas stopped short , sniffing the air . 
 his heart leapt just a little , as he smelt ozone . 
 then he laughed . 
 ` we 're near the sea father ; it 's just the wind blowing this way and the sulfur ? 
 it 's an old building father . ' 
 the priest lifted his pipe in resignation before putting it in his mouth . 
 sucking away he smiled ; a smile like a vine creeping around douglas 's heart , squeezing . 
 maybe he 'd heard the odd sigh , the odd word , seen the wisp of a silk skirt disappearing through a door , but it could be just the draughts . 
 their funds did not run to complete double-glazing ; many a room still had the leaded light windows , the creaking stair . 
 his mind flitted back to a night only a week ago . 
 he 'd been sitting right here , his chair drawn up to the hulking white marble fireplace , a book in his hand , enjoying a whiskey , when he 'd felt tapering fingers flit across his cheek . 
 he 'd started up , felt the hairs on his neck rise ; his eyes trained into the shadows of the vast expanse , shadows deep , and dense wavering in the firelight . 
 it was then he smelt the ozone , imagined seeping black seaweed slithering across the floor from the door . 
 he remembered rising from his chair , heart hammering , chest tightening , on hearing the sigh , long and drawn out . 
 his heart leapt into his throat as his eyes fled to the massive doors , shuddering as one slowly opened . 
 tomkins could n't have shut it properly . 
 but , then he thought he would yell out , as he saw a scarlet skirt disappear into the darkness of the night . 
 the flickering light caught the marble statues of zeus and hermes , playing upon muscles that seemed to move . 
 he shook his head , looking at ancient tapestries of medieval battle scenes , the fringes lifting in a draught . 
 that was it ; the skirt was just the tapestry moving in the antique black flecked mirror . 
 that 's what he told himself - just light flickering , reflections , draughts and creaking doors . 
 but , he did not return to the cosy chair . 
 neither did he stop to take the whiskey with him , as he strode urgently from that fearful space . 
 nathan 's voice brought him back . 
 ` come on douglas , if father says there a demon , then you should be fucking scared . 
 an exorcism wo n't hurt . 
 at least , it will satisfy people . 
 father 's greatly respected throughout the district . ' 
 the priest coughed , tapping his pipe out over the hearth . ' 
 i think maybe i should be going . 
 it will do no good to keep arguing like this . 
 twill only makes the haunting worse . ' 
 nathan sprung forward , ` no father , we need to do this . 
 we just have to hammer it out . 
 please stay . ' 
 turning to douglas , he said , `` you know we 've lost time and money with builders leaving . 
 the village kids are daring each other to enter the grounds . 
 you know what they 're like ; little demons will break in anywhere , especially old houses . ' 
 douglas frowning , conceded . 
 `` yeah . 
 strange . 
 but , rumours build up into legends , all over a bit of nonsense . 
 if this is what you want , so be it , but keep it short . ' 
 calmer now , nathan sat down again in the button-backed leather chair , ` you ca n't tell father to keep it short . 
 you know what the solicitor said , generations of rhonans have fled the damn place - last one stayed a week - we 're not allowed to sell it - no-one will rent it . ' 
 douglas glowered , punching one fist into the palm of his other hand . 
 he knew he should meet nathan some of the way . 
 they 'd spent the last eighteen months renovating the manor house . 
 the castle would have to wait . 
 with the gardens , small animal farm and some exotic animals to add interest to the park , it took over two million pounds . 
 a terraced row of newly built luxury cottages along with semi detached and detached houses providing accommodation for the upper management positions took another million . 
 however , the fully fitted chrome kitchens , the wood floors and minimalist design with lower than average rents did not tempt the local people to apply for the vacant positions . 
 ` damn stupid nonsense . 
 get it over with if that 's what you want . 
 do n't expect me to believe in all this hocus pocus . ' 
 the priest glowered at douglas . 
 ` this is blasphemous . 
 you are insulting the holy roman catholic rites . 
 have ye no idea of what you 're dealing with man ? ' 
 douglas looked at nathan 's face , drained of his usual high colour . 
 he realized this was not really about the ghost ; it was the future of the hotel . 
 his voice grated , like gravel over tin , ` well as long as you do n't think i 'm taking part ? ' 
 father o'reilly stepped away from the fireplace interrupting , `` ye have to - you 're the oldest rhonan blood - to be sure the spirits may obey you , if you 're lucky , but not your young brother . 
 now i shall be explaining all the blessed objects we will be using in the holy ritual . 
 then you will be cleansed before we start . ' 
 douglas jerked his lip into a grimace . 
 ` surely you do n't think i need to be exorcised ? ' 
 chapter 6 rhonan manor the exorcism father o'reilly narrowed his rheumy eyes at douglas then took a quick swig from the whisky bottle . 
 ` no , but ye 'll need to be purified man . 
 to be sure , you 're no saint - blaspheming the sacred rites . ' 
 shedding his shabby jacket , the priest unclipped the battered leather suitcase taking out a black tunic and white surplice and alb enriched with gold and purple stripes . 
 placing a cloth over the small table , he picked up two sturdy candlesticks , into which he placed candles previously blessed on the church altar . 
 as he donned the white alb , the rich gold and purple stripes contrasting with his black tunic , he conceded . 
 ` it 's only a mild form of exorcism . 
 to be sure , the place is infested with - think of what has happened here over the centuries - famine - suicides . ' 
 ` with respect father - superstition . ' 
 the priest kissed the maniple , embroidered with early christian symbols of the fish , ship and the great shepherd . 
 ` your disbelief may hinder the exorcism . 
 keep your blasphemous comments to yourself . 
 if you want to open this hotel , you 'd best be pleasing the villagers . ' 
 as he crossed the maniple over his chest , he muttered , ` there 's no way they 'll set foot in the place until it 's cleansed . ' 
 douglas sighed - impurity - demons - ghostly attacks , what next ? 
 father o'reilly placed the exorcised sacraments on the low mahogany table before holding up a large silver crucifix . 
 ` we must venerate the cross . 
 keep your eyes on this crucifix at all times . 
 do not be distracted . 
 now let us pray . 
 through the death of our lord jesus christ , we defeat satan . 
 demons and devils can not hurt us . 
 we fear not the bite of the serpent . ' 
 picking up a rosary of amber beads , he kissed it placing it with the crucifix . 
 as he turned douglas , felt quite shocked , as the priest seemed to change in stature and deportment , becoming a dignified clergyman , his hunched back now straightening , chin held high , his rheumy eyes glittering like pale sapphires . 
 he nodded to them holding up his hand , palm forward as if bestowing a blessing . 
 ` so now , douglas - nathan stand as i bless these sacred sacraments . ' 
 feeling rather foolish douglas stood crossing his hands in front of him whilst nathan duly closed his eyes lifting his hands in prayer . 
 gone were the jarring gravel tones as the father boomed out the sacred blessings and purifications rites in a rich mellifluous voice . 
 he took out a small bottle of oil . 
 holding it up , he directed his gaze to douglas . 
 ` the evil spirits hate this one . 
 we use this in the very beginning , each room we go in we throw a few drops of oil across the threshold . 
 i shall say the rites first in latin and then in english . 
 you will repeat the english after me . 
 the evil spirits hate this one . 
 holding both hands over the bottle he said , ` exorcizo te , creatura olei '' -lrb- `` i exorcise , creature oil '' -rrb- . 
 omis virtus adversarii , om . ' 
 feeling rather foolish , douglas stumbled over the words . ' 
 i do n't speak latin . 
 i ca n't remember it . ' 
 ` then repeat the english words ' man . ' 
 picking up another bottle the priest held it up . 
 ` holy water . 
 this drives out demons and defends us against attacks . 
 it cleanses the rooms of their evil impurity . 
 then we have the salt , which adds to the power . 
 beatus lux lucis of deus fulsi continuo super illa sacramentum purgatio totus pro lemma . 
 exorczose diabolus quod everto . ' 
 turning to them , he repeated it in english . 
 ` may the blessed light of god shine forth upon these sacraments cleansing all before them . 
 may they exorcise devils and demons . ' 
 he paused as he said to nathan , ` you 'll best be off now . 
 i do n't want to leave you here on your own . 
 there 's no telling what will happen . ' 
 douglas raised his eyebrows , grinning sarcastically at nathan . 
 the priest caught the glance muttering , ` this is no laughing matter , be it ghosts or demons , ye could come back to find your brother spirited away , or worse still lying there with his throat ripped out . ' 
 nathan 's face blanched . 
 ` well it 's the mariner 's arms for me then . ' 
 douglas watched him go , anger simmering , what a waste of time , he now had to spend the next few hours chasing non-existent ghosts . 
 the priest turned to him his eyes glinting , face solemn . 
 ` we should begin with the attics . 
 nathan tells me a couple of the workmen left , refusing to return . ' 
 resigned to the task , douglas nodded . 
 ` as you wish . ' 
 the attics covered a vast area , divided up into three parts with doors through to each partition . 
 the air seemed cooler with a sense of dampness . 
 that should n't be , as they had laid damp proofing throughout . 
 douglas hid his irritation as father o'reilly began to pray from the 54th psalm , his voice quivering , ' o god , by your name save us . 
 by your strength defend our cause . 
 o god , hear my prayer . 
 listen to the words of my mouth ... turn back the evil upon my foes ; in your faithfulness , destroy them ... ' as he followed the priest 's crooked form , shuffling through the hanging sheets of plastic , stumbling over tools and bags of cement , douglas ignored the shadows dense and dark against the walls . 
 father o'reilly stopped , holding up his hand , listening to sounds of scratching and scuttling . 
 ` hail mary mother of grace ... begone oh ye foul spirits ... get thee hence ... ' douglas smiled his lip lifting in a slight sneer , as the priest declared the first two attics clear of infestation - the only infestation to his mind was rats . 
 the door to the last attic was so low they had to duck almost double to get through . 
 the room was small , a mere twelve feet by fifteen feet . 
 straightening up the priest said , 'd ` you hear that ? ' 
 douglas groaned inwardly - rats again - for god 's sake ; that 's all it was - rats . 
 irritated his eyes lit upon what looked like a regency writing desk with matching chair both wrapped in plastic . 
 frowning he walked over , unaware of a mist rising from the floor , sneaking around his heels . 
 he must have missed this when they cleared the attics , but how was that possible ? 
 it looked to be a fine piece of antique furniture . 
 as he began unwrapping the desk , the priest shouted making him jump back . 
 ` look at the wall man - would ye look at that now . ' 
 douglas raised his head to see a slime the colour of mucous dripping down the wood , the smell of rotting eggs brought bile to his throat . 
 o'reilly ripping off the plastic , lifted the lid of the desk , his small eyes widened in horror , as he leapt back shouting , ` in the name of the christ in all his purity , i abjure thee , get thee hence . 
 leave this place and harm us no more . ' 
 douglas muttered , ` for god 's sake ; they 're only maggots . 
 o'reilly whispered , ' t is the sign of infestation - the devil . 
 some of the haunting is to do with this desk . 
 we must take it out of here , bring it into the light . 
 come there is more to do . ' 
 ` yes father , i 'll see to it tomorrow . ' 
 so far , the second and first floors proved to be clear of any more ghostly signs yet the priest insisted on carrying out a purification act and blessing of each room . 
 douglas sighed , just a couple of more rooms , and they were done . 
 he found the whole thing frustrating and banal . 
 they were living in the twenty-first century for god 's sake , and here he was participating in medieval rites . 
 as they opened the door to the mermaid suite , douglas said , ` well father two more rooms to ? ' 
 a fierce wind cut off his words , punching him from the room , sleet stinging his face . 
 the priest fought back struggling into the room , croaking , ' o lord deliver us from every tempest , from every lightning . ' 
 douglas his body straining against what seemed to be a force nine gale , pushed his way to the balcony windows battling to shut them . 
 to his confusion , the night was calm outside the room , the trees unmoving ; the moon scudding across a cloudless sky . 
 the priest 's voice grated out the words , ` sancti spiritus , audi nos - audi nos . 
 ` our father deliver us from evil , let christ 's angels hover over us ... let the archangels ... ' the room quieted as if something was listening . 
 father o'reilly whispered , ` can you ... smell that ? 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` seaweed ... douglas stopped abruptly as he saw the priest glance into the corner of the room the candlelight diffused with swirling dust motes sparkling in the moonlight , circling , forming a shape . 
 he strained his ears to catch something - singing - surely not . 
 he caught the words , `` bye baby ... '' lifting the candlestick high the little priest advanced towards it whispering , ` spiritus sancti ... exaudi nos ... exaudi nos ... go back , go back . 
 begone . ' 
 despite himself , douglas found the skin on his arms crawling , the back of his neck becoming rigid , as he watched o'reilly lay the consecrated host on the floor before it . 
 slowly stepping back , he gestured for douglas to leave the room as he incanted , vos vostum ut redo hic . 
 vos es defaeco deus . 
 gentius quod hi icentia is locus tarsus quod plenu of venia . 
 may angelus rector vos ut lux lucis . 
 you are purified in the eyes of god . 
 begone - leave this place clean and full of grace . 
 may the angels guide you to the light . ' 
 as the priest slammed the door behind him , the figure sighed floating back to the bed , but it was not the new magnificent four-poster bed now installed , but a smaller older one , with roses carved around the aged posts . 
 weeping , the transparent form nursed the tiny baby , ` bye baby bunting , daddy 's gone a hunting ... ' o'reilly stopped by the door his eyes wild . 
 he beckoned to douglas to join him . 
 `` can ye not hear it ? 
 tis muriall - to be sure it is her - that song ... a lullaby . ' 
 douglas felt his stomach clench . 
 no it could n't be true , could n't . 
 ` it must be the wind father . 
 it was blowing a gale in there . ' 
 `` well whether ye believe your own ears or not you can not be putting anyone in there . 
 tis not safe . ' ' 
 i thought you said muriall was not a threat . ' 
 ` she is n't , to be sure she 's only a poor sweet girl lost in limbo . 
 but , she 's a portal ye mind , a portal for darker forces . ' 
 chapter 7 thornton castle , sussex , england . 
 dinah gazed up at the thornton castle looming overhead . 
 the castle invited the macabre , with grey stone walls soaring through darkening clouds , the moon racing over turrets jutting black against the twilight sky . 
 it was a medium 's dream , which would suit jess . 
 its history went right through to the dark ages , with a record of suicide leaps , bartered brides , walled up monks , and the imprisonment of traitors in the cellars . 
 tickets for the legendary ghost tours sold out each weekend . 
 luckily , jessie had already ordered them before leaving america . 
 climbing the stone steps leading to massive double oak doors , dinah slipped , her arms flailing only to feel strong arms catch her , holding her tight . 
 she looked up into slate grey eyes and even white teeth , the freckles over the bridge of his nose complimenting the shock of sandy hair . 
 as he lifted her quite effortlessly to her feet , she found him to be inches taller than her own five feet ten inches , which was gratifying . 
 ` hey there , you okay ? ' 
 she found the accent intriguing , a soft burr so different from the sharper london accent . 
 ` uh , yes , thank you . 
 just , my ankle twisted ; i think . ' 
 dinah 's stomach sank as a young woman ran up to them . 
 slender with pale blond hair she resembled a pre-raphaelite nymph coming just up to the guy 's shoulder . 
 blast , he was attached . 
 ` george , everything all right ? ' 
 ` yeah , just helping this young lady here . ' 
 turning to dinah , he said , ` can you stand ? ' 
 very much aware of his hand burning into the flesh of her waist , she said , ` yeah , i 'm fine . ' 
 the young woman exclaimed , ` oh ; you 've cut your leg , let me have a look . ' 
 delving into the depths of a bag the size of a haversack , she took out a packet of tissues . 
 dabbing at the wound she said , ` seems okay , just a surface scratch wound , but i 'll put some tcp on . ' 
 looking up , she grinned , ` i 'm a teacher , so i always carry first aid equipment with me . 
 by the way , i 'm lucy ames and this gallant rescuer , is my brother george . ' 
 dinah grinned inwardly , so the gorgeous hunk was unattached , although she winced as lucy applied the tcp , only to feel george 's hand tighten around her waist . 
 to her surprise , she found it more than pleasant . 
 ` err i 'm dinah shibley - i 'm over here with my cousin jess . ' 
 lucy smiled . 
 ` what part of america are you from ? ' 
 ` hum - new york . ' 
 she 'd been asked that question a hundred times since they hit england a week ago . 
 looking up at her brother , lucy said , ' i think you can unhand the lady now george . ' 
 george found himself flushing , ` huh , oh yes . 
 sorry , just making sure you were okay . ' 
 ` yes thank you - must 've slipped somehow . ' 
 george looked down at the killer stiletto heels and decided not to comment . 
 great ankles , like a racehorse . 
 he turned to the sound of a female voice calling out , ` hey , dinah - goodness you okay ? ' 
 dinah gave a wry grin . 
 ` no do n't say it - ' jessie sided , ' i told you to wear flats . 
 but , never mind as long as you 're alright . ' 
 ` huh , let me introduce george and his sister lucy ames . 
 err look ; i think the guide is coming . ' 
 the guide to thornton castle , a tall slender woman with golden hair in braids to her waist , emulated the medieval style of dress complete with wimple , veil and a long trailing dress of deep purple with tapering sleeves . 
 waving an elegant hand , she guided them down the stone steps . 
 ` this is home to the present baron of thornton . 
 it was renovated in the fifteenth century from a ruin dating back to nine hundred and something . 
 now if you 'll follow me . ' 
 she swept past gargoyles sprouting from the massive arch over the great oak doors . 
 in the flickering torchlight , the grotesque stone statues appeared to leer with empty socket eyes glinting as the moon bounced off cracks and fissures , their hanging tongues glistening with the mist . 
 entering a cavernous hall the guide smiled . 
 ` now ladies and gentlemen i do n't want any of you wandering off . 
 there are numerous corridors , cellars , secret passages and i would hate you to be lost in the dark . 
 as you see only candles light the castle . 
 we do have electricity of course , but the candlelight gives you an appreciation of the atmosphere of medieval living . 
 you do have your torches should you lose your way . ' 
 a couple of people automatically switched on their pencil torches supplied at the beginning of the tour . 
 ` this will give you an idea of how people lived for centuries in this magnificent castle . 
 it will also build up the atmosphere , and right energy should a ghost venture in our path . ' 
 a couple giggled nervously . 
 she continued , holding up her lamp . 
 ` now you see before you the stuffed heads of various animals hunted by the barons throughout the ages . 
 here , we have a giant stag over there you will see a tiger and lion . 
 the barons loved to travel far and wide - guests of the indian princes , sultans and the prussian court . 
 however , let me show you this . 
 she waved towards a glass cabinet in which stood a cadaver in elizabethan dress . 
 the guide said in hushed tones . ' 
 i would warn you that this particular figure is known to haunt the castle so stick together , do n't go wandering off on your own . '' 
 resuming her lecture she shone her torch into another corner , a few of the group gasped as the grey leathery body of a stuffed crocodile appeared , the eyes ancient with the coldness of death . 
 ` the barons were often fearless and this as you see is over fifteen foot long . 
 besides the animals , the castle has a coterie of ghosts , which we may encounter tonight , so stay close . ' 
 as they made their way through the baronial hall , dinah whispered to lucy , ` jessie 's a psychic artist . 
 besides her job , she paints the spirits . ' 
 lucy shivered visibly . 
 ` so has she picked up anything yet ? ' 
 dinah shook her head . 
 ` she 'll let us know if she does . ' 
 they made their way up the main staircase through numerous dark and draughty rooms . 
 the guide talked of various sightings of the inevitable lady in white , the knight clanking his chains , the moaning of the monk walled up , the bedroom of the bartered bride who threw herself from the window , plunging fifty feet to her death . 
 on the second floor , before they reached the dreaded battlements , the four of them explored one of the small tower rooms . 
 dinah by now was hobbling on the stilettos . 
 seeing her wince and rick her ankle , jess said , ` take them off dinah , you 'll feel better . ' 
 as dinah kicked off her shoes , jessie raised her hand , uttering a low warning , ` ssh . ' 
 dinah stiffened . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 jessie whispered . 
 ` ca n't you smell it , decayed roses and something else - faeaces ? ' 
 george gasped behind . 
 ` god it 's foul . ' 
 lucy grasping hold of george 's arm whispered , ' i ca n't smell anything . ' 
 jess stood very still . 
 ` in the corner - look , the shadows - is that the cadaver - the one in the cabinet ? ' 
 dinah 's heart now thudded . 
 ` you 're frightening me jess . ' 
 ` it ca n't harm you . 
 if you want to leave - just go quietly , or if you stay , blow out your candles now . ' 
 george looked down at dinah , who blew out the candles . 
 the darkness seemed heavy , the odour stronger , cloying , cloaking them in fear , the only relief being a spear of light from one of the arrow slits in the stone wall . 
 the shadow now became hazy as spirals of soft light rose from the floor forming a figure . 
 lucy shrieked running from the room . 
 george jumped , then stood stock still mesmerized , whilst dinah caught her breath . 
 a circle of light wafted over the top of the figure , like the shadows of the moon - a face , old almost scowling . 
 jessie felt a tingle of terror creep up her spine . 
 this was so different from drawing spirit figures in a brightly lit church . 
 she stepped back , her legs trembling . 
 as she did so , george turned and grasping dinah 's arm ran from the small round room . 
 the figure suddenly glided forward . 
 jessie 's breath froze in her throat , trying not to scream ; she almost sprinted from the menace , then stumbled , regaining her balance . 
 she ran , not even waiting to slam the door behind her . 
 they sat gasping on the stairs , whilst george gave a strangled laugh . 
 ` so what was all that about ? 
 come on i 've had enough , let 's go find a drink . ' 
 *** george sat back luxuriating in the mellowed light of an old tudor pub ; the oak breams above them blackened with centuries of tobacco and open fires . 
 george lifted his pint of beer in salute . 
 ` here 's to whatever that apparition was . ' 
 leaning close to him , dinah clinked glasses . 
 ` so you think it really was an apparition then ? ' 
 george looked appreciatively at the violet shade of her cleavage . 
 the pub light accentuated the bronze highlights in her dark hair rolling in fat ringlets over her shoulders and down her breasts , contrasting with the pale blue of her cotton top . 
 ` well , i 'll leave that to the expert . 
 but , i was terrified , i can tell you . ' 
 jess frowned . ' 
 i would n't call myself an expert . 
 i draw sprit figures , but i have never seen one . 
 i think i 'd die of fright if i did . ' 
 lucy sipped at her spritzer . 
 ` so where are you staying ? ' 
 ` oh it 's a cute little town along the coast from here , brighton . ' 
 george laughed . 
 ` little ? 
 you should visit bognor regis ; that 's where we come from . ' 
 jess laughed . 
 ` i 've heard of that , king george - when he knew he had to go there to convalesce again he swore did n't he ? ' 
 ` his last words were , ` bugger bognor ' . 
 they wo n't let us forget it . ' 
 lucy said , `` we 'd ask you to stay , but we 're off to scotland in three weeks . ' 
 dinah put her drink down . 
 ` scotland ? 
 whereabouts ? ' 
 george answered for lucy , ` the north-west , lucy and i have a friend over there - just opening a hotel with his brother . 
 he taught at the same school as us , but two years ago , he inherited this manor house and ruined castle along with a few million . '' 
 lucy said , ` we 're teaching over there for the summer season - english literature , and poetry . 
 i 'm the eng lit ' ; george is the poetry . ' 
 george fixed his eyes on dinah . 
 ` why do n't you come over ? 
 the highlands are magnificent - towering mountains , lochs , ruined castles , ancient monasteries , convents - a wealth of history . 
 you 'd love it . 
 meanwhile let us show you around here . 
 there are some historic spots around here . ' 
 pausing he gazed directly at dinah , ` we can get to know each other better . ' 
 dinah flushed feeling her stomach ripple . 
 he was one gorgeous hunk . 
 chapter 8 exorcism douglas 's heart thudded . 
 that was abnormal - paranormal - if that 's what they called it . 
 striding through corridors , father o'reilly 's words rose above the wind groaning against mullioned windows , whistling through holes in aged doors . 
 ` every unclean spirit ... i abjure thee , depart from this house of god 's servants ... ' as they walked down the corridor towards the grand central staircase , the flickering candles cast pools of light on stair and banister . 
 douglas saw the mist gathering in pools , swirling up across the landing , climbing up the wainscoting . 
 when the priest shook oil on the mist , douglas , as instructed , sprinkled holy water . 
 to his consternation , he saw a black cat forming as the mist hissed , clearing a path before them . 
 ` father can you see it - the cat ? ' 
 the priest shook his head , ` ignore it - just ignore it . 
 follow me , keep close . ' 
 douglas felt the anger ripple through the priest 's body , his language changing from sombre incantation to anger with a tinge of fear upon the rising mist which was becoming denser , the utter silence ominous , as they descended the staircase . 
 candle flames spluttered when a disembodied face with skin the colour of a skull , loomed from an ancient painting . 
 douglas 's face was ashen as he tried to ignore the black cat slinking before them . 
 he jumped as father o'reilly roared , ` spiritus sanctus - get ye hence - get ye hence . ' 
 a deep thud from the wainscoting mocked him , followed by another and another . 
 ` what the hell is that ? ' 
 ` anger . ' 
 o'reilly splashed a few drops of oil followed by holy water on the stairs ; the thuds quickened , the oak panels of the staircase bulging outwards . 
 then silence , a terrible waiting silence . 
 the candles flickered and died . 
 douglas could taste the sulphurous mist like rancid meat . 
 his thin veneer of cynicism cracked . 
 ` we 've got to get out of here . 
 come on . ' 
 he ran almost falling over the fleshy body of the cat . 
 so , it was n't a ghost , but where in hell did it come from ? 
 the priest caught his arm ; he could hear the arthritic fingers cracking in the silence . 
 ` wait - listen . 
 it 's waning ; the strength is waning . 
 we 've beaten them , for the time being . ' 
 douglas 's brain raced . 
 it could not have happened ; it was against everything he believed in . 
 his heart leapt into his throat as the cat yowled , baring fangs drooling , unsheathing its claws , before disappearing into a mist before him . 
 speechless , he watched the priest cross the vast hall back to the living area , disrobing he held gnarled hands over the flames , his shock of white hair wild about his head . 
 he rubbed the pockmarked nose and purple-veined cheeks , ` i 'll be telling ye again , ye 'll have to board that room up . ' 
 ` the mermaid suite ? 
 that 's impossible . 
 an american woman has booked it for three months , paid thousands for it . 
 ` ye have no choice . ' 
 ` i 'm running a business here father . 
 i 've only allowed this damn exorcism in order to get staff from the local district . 
 for god 's sake what more can i do ? 
 and by the way , what was that ? 
 that cat ? ' 
 ` ah it comes and goes - but it aims to protect - coming back to the subject ye have to close the mermaid suite . ' ' 
 i ca n't father , and that 's final - it would ruin us before we start . 
 surely there 's something else we can do ? ' 
 the priest looked at him , ` i 've already told you . ' 
 the priest 's yellowed eyes bloodshot with fatigue gazed at him , ` as long as you do not trust the word of god then they will haunt you man - i 've done my best , but i 'm not strong enough to clear them all . 
 aye , there are ghosts here but there is also a darker evil . 
 get a trained exorcist and close the bloody suite . ' 
 hearing the front doors burst open douglas stood to his feet relieved to find it was only nathan . 
 ` hi there , so how did it go , see any ghosties or wee legged beasties ? ' 
 douglas scowled . 
 `` next time you do it . ' 
 ` looks like you two need a drink , what 'll it be ? ' 
 father o'reilly 's eyes lit up ` hah now you 're talking - the usual . ' 
 grinning nathan went to the drinks ' cabinet bringing out tumblers and whisky . 
 filling a glass , he handed it to the priest ` so father ? ' ' 
 i might have given ye some time , but it will start up again . 
 this is beyond a parish priest . 
 you 'll have to contact the bishop , or i will . 
 you need a trained exorcist , one trained by the jesuits would be best . ' 
 nathan frowned , ` did n't george say the american woman was a medium ? 
 maybe she could help . ' 
 ` yeah , the one who 's afraid of ghosts . 
 we dare n't let her know there 's anything going on . 
 she 'd cancel in a minute . ' 
 ` so did you see or hear anything ? ' 
 douglas sitting down , shrugged looking into the flames of the fire . 
 ` maggots , seaweed and a bloody black cat . 
 it must have been a feral one that got in . 
 now i 'm back here thinking it over ; i 'm not sure . 
 when you look at it rationally , the candles , shadows , the rituals , even the host agitated the imagination , exacerbated the whole thing . 
 there 's a lot of building work still going on up there , the maggots are explainable , maybe the builders left some food up there , then the warmth , flies . 
 it 's possible . ' 
 o'reilly almost choked on his whisky , ` you fool , you 'll rue the day if you dismiss what went on here tonight . 
 what about the smell , the mist , eh ? 
 what about the mermaid suite and the cat ? ' 
 ` the cat was real ; i felt it . ' 
 ` ghosts can take on flesh . 
 ye have no idea man , no idea . 
 what about the seaweed , the storm ? ' ' 
 father with respect it is a damp night , but it 's also warm , just the right conditions for mist . 
 maggots do stink , does n't mean it has to be a ghost . 
 as for the mermaid suite , a freak wind , candlelight creating shadows . 
 it 's an old building full of damp and mildew . 
 what with that and the renovations - paint - turpentine , concrete , it 's bound to create strange smells . ' 
 ` well ye seemed shocked enough at the time . ' 
 ` would n't anyone ? 
 what with the incantations , talk of devils and spirits , evil and death ? 
 i admit i got carried away . ' 
 nathan knelt beside the priest putting his hand on the frail shoulder . 
 ` father we 're grateful for what you 've done tonight . 
 i for one believe you . 
 too many people have seen things here . 
 douglas 's just being bull headed as usual . ' 
 o'reilly nodded as nathan refilled his glass . ' 
 t is alright talking about it here in the light , but ye should have seen his face in that room . 
 it was muriall - and he knows it . ' 
 ` so father , what 's this about muriall ? ' 
 ` i 'm not sure , but tis well known that she and lord duncan were in love . 
 now no one knows what happened to her , but the young lord committed suicide in the lake a year later . 
 nathan 's eyes narrowed . 
 ` perhaps it is duncan , who 's doing the haunting ? '' 
 ` no , according to the myths he stays by the lake . 
 but , maybe the soul of muriall has returned . 
 maybe something is keeping her prisoner here . ' 
 ` douglas rose to refill the glasses . 
 ` interesting father but you must admit it 's all folk tales and supposition . 
 anyway , i 've got to take victor for a walk ; poor dog 's been shut in the office all evening . ' 
 *** that night douglas paid no heed to the priest 's warning . 
 he was not going to give in to their superstitious nonsense . 
 he 'd just spend the night in the mermaid suite . 
 however much he would not openly admit it to himself ; something was definitely wrong . 
 perhaps that 's why he had victor sleeping on the bed . 
 as he lay between cool starched sheets , the moon threw shafts of light shifting upon the satin brocade walls , adding lustre to the gold motifs . 
 the wind moaned softly outside the windows open to the warmth of the night . 
 stroking the dog 's head he thought , it was just a silly episode , just a gust of wind and the imaginings of an old priest in his cups . 
 he had to get some sleep . 
 he had a full day ahead of him tomorrow with more interviews , instructions to builders and oh yes he must rescue the writing desk and chair from the attic . 
 as the moon sunk towards dawn , victor raised his head whimpering whilst his master slept ignorant of a transparent figure sitting beside him on the bed , humming the lullaby . 
 chapter 9 muriall 1810 rhonan manor sitting in a scented bath of lavender and rosemary , muriall leant forward for the maid to soap her back . 
 ` huh , it is a formal evening , so i am forced to dress accordingly . 
 the duke is firmly on the side of the tenants . 
 on some of the estates , thousands are to be evicted from their homes , homes that have been in their families for over five hundred years . 
 let us hope they can talk the earl round . ' 
 ` begging your pardon my lady , but my family ... ' her words faded away in a soft sob . 
 muriall turned to her . 
 ` what is it becky ? '' 
 the maid lifted eyes filled with tears , ` my family on the mcgaven estate , are to be cast out onto the roads . 
 i know not what to do my lady - my heart is breaking when i think of the bairns . 
 how can it be ? 
 how can they drive them into the sleet and rain , without food or water ? ' 
 ` we will fight them becky , fear not , that is why the committee meet this night . 
 sadly , only the duke is openly prepared to fight the cause . 
 as for the others , tis another excuse for a banquet and liquor . 
 but fear not the duke is powerful , far more so than those other two dilettantes ' she stood as the abigail covered her in warm toweling , before helping her out of the tub . 
 drying herself , she watched the maid lay out the undergarments , a soft linen chemise , followed by the shift , and a petticoat . 
 sighing , she said , ` today 's fashion does allow us to be free of corsets but men still call for breasts to be served up on a plate . 
 all they need is a knife and fork . 
 cattle , that 's what we are , cattle . ' 
 the maid could not resist a tremulous smile as she passed muriall the chemise followed by the shift . 
 ` and i shall have to endure that rakehell maximillian , lecherous swine . 
 i shall wear my whip to table , and if he so much as ... ' the maid slipped the offending petticoat over muriall 's head , who then turned for becky to do up the laces . 
 ` why in heavens name should i wear all this useless apparel ? 
 a linen shirt and leather breeches would do me well enough . 
 just think of the thousands now starving , many roaming the roads . 
 just one of these garments would feed a family for a week . 
 i feel so ashamed - so ashamed . ' 
 ` my lady you do everything you can to help the tenants . ' 
 ` not enough by far . 
 let us hope duncan is successful in persuading them to take action . 
 i just wish i could attend but as usual , i was forbidden to set foot into the room . 
 not on my lord duncan 's say so but on the earl 's . 
 i sicken at the way we women are used . 
 we are just as intelligent as men . 
 we may not have their knowledge , but that is only because it is denied us . 
 they are educated in the classics , mathematics , science and us ? 
 we have to be pleasant little creatures , who can paint , play the pianoforte , sing and speak french - oh yes and embroider . 
 ` do you know the other day aunt flavia caught me reading a book on science ? 
 she went into paroxysms , saying i would injure my head if i were to read such intellectual tomes , that the female brain is too fragile , that i should take a fever . 
 can you imagine it ? 
 oh , god it is so ridiculous . 
 it is she who hurts my head not the damn book . 
 i am strictly forbidden to cast any opinions on the evictions of the tenant farmers . 
 however , i am going to fight alongside lord duncan , together we may make an indent in this odious business . 
 tis treacherous times becky - treacherous times . ' 
 muriall took hold of the young woman 's hands , ' i shall see that your family are taken care of becky . 
 i wish i could help everybody , but i realize i must contain my fervour to the few . 
 but we can save some of them ' . 
 ` thank you my lady , at least i shall sleep tonight now knowing you will protect them . ' ' 
 i hope that with the help of the duke and some of his associates we will be able to do more . 
 tonight will be a testing point . ' 
 picking up a triangular piece of steel , she said , ` and as for this contrivance , it is medieval torture . 
 how women wear it between their breasts i do n't know . ' 
 ` it does uplift and separate the bosoms milady . ' 
 ` never - never . 
 i 'm sure if i fell it would cut them off . 
 i will never wear it - never - i do n't care what aunt flavia says . '' 
 ` och my lady it couldna do that . 
 now for your dress . ' 
 smoothing down the white muslin embroidered with white silk roses , muriall frowned , ` why does it all have to be white or pink ? 
 it is so insipid . 
 give me crimson anytime . ' 
 ` but that colour is for the older women milady , not for a wean like yerself . ' 
 ` wean ? 
 i 'm nineteen not nine becky . ' 
 smiling together now , muriall posed in front of the long mirror stand , the white dress did become her pale porcelain skin . 
 the flimsy lace sleeves showed off the sloping shoulders , whilst the design of the dress with the material caught up underneath the bosom , accentuated the plump swell of her full breasts . 
 muriall loved the way becky brushed her hair , with long firm strokes until it shone like burnished copper . 
 ` what do you think for the centre parting - tis the new fashion . ' ' 
 ` with your curls ma 'm , ye have no need to curling tongs . 
 it would be such a shame to singe these locks . '' 
 ` well i do n't like the centre parting . 
 i shall wear it so that the curls fall naturally . ' 
 as becky lifted the jar of face cream muriall grimaced . ' 
 i refuse to put that disgusting stuff on my skin , white lead and beeswax ? 
 i would look like a painted doll especially with the kohl and beetroot stains on my cheeks . ' 
 ` och i agree with ye . 
 nevertheless , maybe just a light dusting of powder would give your skin a velvety texture milady ? 
 ` now becky to serious matters . 
 the cart will be ready after the meeting tonight , so you will accompany us . 
 first , we visit our own tenants , the earl has raised the rents once again and the poor people starve . 
 then we must scour the roads for the tenants evicted on the baron fodenberry 's estate last night . 
 and you must look for your family . 
 i hear more are to be forced out but pray god it is not tonight . 
 hopefully , we can delay or even stop the evictions on our estate . 
 so it is ten o'clock at the orangery . ' 
 the maid closed the door gently behind her , bustling away down the stone corridor passing lord maximillian just returning from the stables . 
 a slight smile flickered across his handsome face . 
 so , she would be alone . 
 perfect . 
 not even bothering to knock he turned the brass handle pushing the door open . 
 closing it firmly behind him , he turned the key . 
 his eyes dwelt on the waist length hair incandescent in the candlelight . 
 muriall turn round sharply , her hairbrush in her hand . 
 ` what ? 
 how dare you enter a lady 's chamber without permission . 
 get out now . ' 
 smirking he put a finger to his lips as if to hush her . 
 as she went to rise , he caught a handful of her hair raising it to his nose , sniffed ` ah lavender and rosemary . 
 tis as beautiful as you milady . ' 
 smacking his hand sharply with the hairbrush she stood wincing as he pulled more sharply on her hair . ' 
 i am so enamoured after seeing your dalliance with my wimp of a brother yesterday . ' 
 between clenched teeth , she hissed ` get out now before i hurt you . ' 
 ` not before i have tasted your sweetness . ' 
 he laughed softly , ' i feel sure you can share your favours . 
 it would not do for me to report your amorous cavorting to the earl now - would it ? ' 
 letting go her hair , he cupped her face with both hands , pulling her to hm . 
 she wished she was wearing her usual boots , she could have stamped on his feet , but she had only the soft satin pumps . 
 seething she brought the brush up whipping him sharply across the head . 
 surprised , he stepped back ruefully rubbing his injured skin through the thick blonde waves . 
 ` now you are certainly are a wild cat - time to be tamed methinks . ' 
 snarling , she advanced , raising the brush high . 
 holding up his hand in defense , he said , ' t is obvious you are not in the mood - but there will be other times . 
 for now i will keep my silence -- ' ` you pig - odious rake . ' 
 as she lunged for him , he slipped through the door , shutting it softly . 
 panting she stood listening to his retreating footsteps shuddering she walked back to the bed . 
 opening the bedside drawer , she took out a dagger , unsheathing it from its leather case . 
 in future , it would be to hand . 
 no way would she tell duncan . 
 it would end in a duel and she did not intend losing him to that vile viper . 
 chapter 10 1810 the meeting rhonan manor duncan grimaced , as he paced the empty dining room . 
 it was a heart rending business - starving tenants driven from their homes . 
 his father must be brought to heel . 
 hundreds walked the roads without shelter or sustenance . 
 the poor devils suffered enough already living half-starved in squalid one-roomed huts , whilst at the manor house ; the rhonans ate their way through an evening meal of several courses lasting hours . 
 his fingers scraped at hair as black as his mood , his scarlet vest blending with the burgundy silk decorating the walls . 
 he glanced up at deceased ancestors in military uniform and waist pinching crinolines gazing down with haughty expressions from ornate frames , gilt glittering in the candlelight . 
 sheer decadence . 
 the earl squandered money on yet more renovations to the manor , fine dining , balls , carriages , horses , gambling whilst only a mile away children 's bodies sunk in starvation . 
 he glanced at the table laid ready for the clearance committee meeting , scowling at the sheets of parchment , quills and crystal inkstand . 
 it was action that was needed , not correspondence . 
 an empty belly paid no heed to time . 
 hearing voices and laughter ; he straightened his spine ready for the fray . 
 after a sumptuous meal , the committee members would look forward to a hearty buffet , wine and spirits , huffing on cigars whilst discussing ways of depriving the famished tenants of their farms . 
 duncan clenched his teeth , by god ; he would use every means possible to fight for the rights of the people . 
 he had to curb his temper or else all would be lost . 
 as the committee members assembled in the room , the butler formally announced duncan 's younger brother lord maximillian , who minced in , pulling languid fingers through pomaded dark blonde hair . 
 duncan 's jaw tightened ; the selfish bastard did n't know the meaning of the word compassion . 
 all he cared about were horses , cards and his sordid hell fire club . 
 the earl of rhonan followed him , his skin as sallow as his spirit . 
 contempt filled his voice as he said , ` let 's get this bloody business over with . 
 i 've had enough of these filthy peasants and their whining . 
 greedy buggers . ' 
 with a scraping of chairs across the aubusson carpet , the gentlemen flicking back their coat tails , seated themselves . 
 algernon perkins , the lawyer and factor for the earl , diligently sorted out papers from his briefcase . 
 smirking at the quills on the inkstand , he brought out a velvet case from his waistcoat pocket , proudly uncovering a pen with a steel nib on a decorative ceramic holder . 
 proud of the new invention , he held it up for the members to see . 
 that alone would feed four people for a month . 
 the butler , dignified in black tails , his prodigious girth straining against a navy silk vest , opened the leaded light doors to the dresser , taking out georgian amber decanters of whisky , placing them on the table alongside silver mounted mould blown ones of port and brandy . 
 bowing to no one , in particular , he left the room closing the door softly behind him . 
 duncan felt a rush of shame as he looked at the decanters of fine spirits . 
 they gathered to vote on taking the starving tenants ' very livelihood whilst drinking out of sterling silver and antique cut glass . 
 the earl hunched over the table , his dress as always exquisite , with a blue silken tailcoat and yellow silk vest , the cream silk cravat high on his throat , decorated with a diamond stickpin , the size of a hazelnut . 
 fixing a pince-nez on his thin aquiline nose , he said , ` come come perkins , let us not mince words , the land must be cleared , and the tenants evicted - nothing less . 
 the reverend michael o'sullivan interrupted , ' i have tried telling them it is the grace of god that they give up their land ; they must needs suffer and bow to his will ; the earl 's word is the law under man and god . ' 
 duncan growled , ` god 's law - you speak blasphemy priest . 
 how much will you receive from their misery ? 
 will you preach it is god 's law as they are driven on to the roads with nothing ? 
 hey ? 
 the earl 's eyes glittered , ` now we 're being dramatic . 
 besides what can we do ? 
 we are creating industry - are we not ? 
 bringing in cheviot sheep is our only way to produce a profit . 
 we need more money for our houses , our carriages , our gold and silver plate . 
 we have the given right to quality living - our society must not be impoverished . ' 
 ` we ? 
 you mean you and your fat friends - what about the men and women and children even now almost starving , shivering without fuel , children crying out in hunger ? 
 what right do they have ? 
 they have the right to the land they owned for thousands of years , ' duncan narrowed his eyes , looking at each member who avoided his gaze , either looking down into full wine glasses or puffing on the cuban cigars . 
 his voice filed steel . 
 ` dramatic ? 
 have you seen inside a tenant 's hut ? 
 for god 's sake , we destroyed these proud highlanders , these warrior chiefs . 
 we took away their clan system and broke the power of the chieftains , and still you are not satisfied . 
 he looked at the diamond pin in the duke 's cravat . 
 ` your pin alone is worth thousands . 
 how can you even think of casting out whole families onto the roads with nothing ? 
 do n't forget we have another death threat - the second in as many days . 
 this time given to the butler . ' 
 ` then i shall call on the police and military . 
 shoot the bastards . ' 
 ` ah so now you 're not only starving them , but shooting them as well . 
 where 's your soul ? ' 
 perkins fingered his delicate ceramic pen resting in the solid silver inkstand , and sniffed . 
 ` come - come . 
 we must think of ways of improving our own standard of living - the wool economy will bring in ample profits from the estate - we have to go with change . ' 
 ` how can you even utter those words ? 
 they are starving , and you talk about profits . 
 i think , up until now ; we fared very well , castles , manor houses , fine balls , carriages , and our blasted silver plate and gold plate on the table . 
 even starving they would share their last crumb with you , you miserable swine . ' 
 father o'sullivan interrupted , ` god is showing us the way ; it is his divine will that we go with change . 
 our farmers ' souls will prosper as they prayerfully give up the land to their lord and master the earl . 
 and of course , they can emigrate . ' 
 ` divine will ? 
 god does not interfere in the affairs of man . ' 
 duncan thundered , ` he gave us free will and look what we 've done with it ? 
 murdering our own tenants - leaving them to die whilst you fill your bellies and drink your fine wines ? 
 mothers and bairns starve . ' 
 the priest pursed his lips plucking at his notes , ` there 's no need to get personal . 
 the tenants must submit to god 's divine plan - otherwise ; they will bring his wrath down on their heads . ' 
 ` do n't rant about the wrath of god . ' 
 duncan slammed his fist on the table . 
 ` do n't spout the old testament . 
 tis man 's selfishness , man 's greed that we discuss this night . 
 stop squawking and speak up for humanity ' . 
 the duke raised his hand , his tones smooth and clear , ` we can do both ; we can share the land . 
 it is just a matter of lower profits . 
 however , in the end , all will prosper . 
 not only can we have a wool industry , but we can also benefit the tenants by turning them into sheep farmers . 
 we can all live very comfortably indeed . ' 
 turning to the viscount he said , ` what say you mendane ? ' 
 the viscount slumped back in his chair slurped on some wine . 
 ` load of bollocks your grace , bollocks - the earl has my ear and my vote . 
 blasted tenants - nothing but misery - misery i say . ' 
 stretching for the decanter , he poured more wine . 
 duncan bit his lip ; he wanted to punch the drunkard ` misery ? 
 these poor wretches are the people that put food in your belly , wine down your gullet and bloody silk on your back . 
 why only the other month i hear you took a shilling off each of your tenants to pay for a grecian sculpture for your balustrade . 
 those that could n't pay wait in fear of eviction . ' 
 in answer , the viscount raised a languid hand , the lace crisp on his wrist . 
 ` whatever rhonan - whatever . ' 
 turning to the marquis , duncan 's lips thinned , the drunken sop lay , sprawled over his chair , his mouth open , snoring . 
 smirking , the earl leant forward . 
 ` it seems you are outnumbered . 
 turning to the duke he said , ` your grace , i am sure you will appreciate that i must follow the needs of the day . 
 it is not within my power to shelter those who can not contribute to the wool industry , but i can at least ensure they have work in the kelping industry - to this end as i discussed with my son here , i will provide kilns and all tools and utensils necessary to turn the seaweed into kelp . 
 it is indeed in our own interests to develop kelping especially as we have the advantage of lower taxes . 
 to that end , my tenants will repair to the coast to build their huts and to enjoy industrious work . ' 
 outnumbered , the duke nodded , ` so be it rhonan , but i will , of course , reserve judgement on how i will proceed with my estate . 
 i must needs question my own conscience before acting . ' 
 duncan strode the room , hands clasped behind his back fuming . 
 there had to be something he could do to save the tenants . 
 chapter 11 present day - jessica rhonan manor the hotel brochure did not give credence to the vast expanse of the manor , or the beauty of the classical architecture of the palladio . 
 jessie gazed with delight at the soaring colonnades , the semi-circular arches overhanging immense venetian style windows . 
 the building would be more in keeping with the palazzos of venice than the wild highland landscape . 
 ` god , dinah , it 's beautiful . 
 glad we made the choice . ' 
 dinah 's heart leapt a little as she grinned . 
 ` it 'll be good to see george again . ' 
 ` look that must be the lake george was talking about and the island . 
 plenty of people out boating . ' 
 ` yeah , the boats seem pretty easy to handle . 
 we 'll have to take one out . 
 look , there 's the mausoleum . 
 i can just see it through the silver birch trees - creepy . ' 
 jessie 's eyes widened as she looked at the gothic tomb . 
 the small arched windows with darkened leaded lights typified the funereal look . 
 she glimpsed the bushes moving to reveal the slender figure of a woman in a scarlet skirt hugging a tightly wrapped bundle to her breast . 
 as the girl turned to her jess gave a startled gasp . 
 she might as well have been looking at a mirror image of herself . 
 however , there would be many women with the same bone structure and red hair in scotland . 
 as the cab arrived at the white marble steps of the manor , two bellhops dressed in green liveried uniforms rushed to take their cases . 
 the hotel gardens were certainly popular with couples strolling arm in arm , mothers rushing after toddlers , fathers playing cricket with miniature bats and wickets . 
 an elderly woman greeted them as she sat on a wrought-iron bench enjoying the sun . 
 following the bellhops , jessie and dinah walked past roses rambling over the balustrades of stone patios leading to the colonnaded portico , heavy with the scents of honeysuckle and jasmine . 
 entering a vast hall quiet except for a few guests exiting the lifts or crossing to the entrance doors , jess and dinah stared at exquisite marble statues reminiscent of the roman age , at marble columns supporting the vaulted ceiling . 
 the cupola of leaded light glass shimmered in a rainbow of colours reflected on the white marble interior . 
 the walls decorated with trompe l'oeil gave the illusion of niches replete with sculpted busts of long dead ancestors and a sweeping panorama of elysian fields . 
 suits of armour stood in alcoves , whilst stag and lion heads gazed through sightless brown orbs . 
 behind a vast mahogany reception desk , aileen byrne in a sea green uniform sat flicking through papers , her generous figure overflowing the regency tapestry chair . 
 she looked up at her fellow receptionist , a slim girl with ash blonde hair flowing over her shoulders . 
 ` so , margaret , the americans are here . 
 one of them will be having the mermaid suite and a studio . 
 seems she 's a keen painter . ' ' 
 a month - quite a lengthy stay . ' 
 ` maybe she 's been ill or perhaps needs time to do the painting . ' 
 ` hmm ... they 're coming through the door now . ' 
 ` then i 'll be ringing for his lordship . 
 he wanted to know the second dr. jessica mcgregor , and her friend arrived . 
 special greeting for long-stay guests . ' 
 pushing the bell button on the desk , aileen jumped up lightly to her feet , her red-lipped mouth opening in shock . 
 ` look at the one with red hair now ? 
 tis the woman in the portrait . 
 could be herself coming in now . ' ' 
 she 's a ghost - to be sure she 's ? ' 
 ` och now , hush , she 'll be hearing ye . ' 
 jessie and dinah followed the bellhops to the desk . 
 after tipping them generously , they watched them scatter away , laughing . 
 turning to the desk , jessie met the crystal blue eyes of the black haired aileen . 
 ` we have bookings , dr jessica mcgregor and dr dinah shibley . ' 
 the elder woman leant forward , twisting her mouth into a smile whilst her eyes remained wide with alarm , ` ah doctor mcgregor , tis a braw scottish name ye have there . 
 ` she took a deep breath into the ample bosom and said , ` ye must be tired after your flight , all the way from america . ' 
 jessie laughed , ` ah no ; we 've just come from london . 
 we met some friends , whilst we were there . 
 they recommended this hotel . ' 
 ` ah i see , now who would that be ? ' 
 jessie smiled inwardly realizing she had the same curiosity as her scottish relations in america . ' 
 ` err ... lucy and george ames . ' 
 ` really ? 
 the teachers ? ' 
 dinah nudged jessie . 
 ` so he 's here . 
 great . ' 
 margaret looked over to dinah , ` if you 'd like to come over here i can help ye . ' 
 maeve continued talking to jess . 
 ` well they 'll be teaching this afternoon , and they take evening courses too . 
 tis braw friends you have , and teaching fine hobbies . 
 i love to read as well . 
 nothing like a good book to curl up with . 
 but then , it 's a kindle i 'll be using now . 
 so much better than a paperback , easier to handle . 
 and , they 're much cheaper than paperbacks . ' 
 jessie nodded as she tweaked an eyebrow at dinah . 
 it seemed aileen and margaret were settling down for a long chat . 
 jess brought out her passport . 
 ` umm ... would you like this ? ' 
 ` ah yes , we 'll look after this for you . 
 now we have the mermaid suite and the fairy dale for ye both . 
 the master himself wanted you to have them . 
 they 're the most luxurious and comfortable seeing as you 'll be staying with us for so long . ' 
 ` now margaret and i will be looking after both of you during your stay . ' 
 as she spoke she took the red leather bound register from the blond haired girl , and placing it before jessie , offered her a gilt ballpoint pen . 
 douglas entered the reception area as jessie bent to sign the register . 
 his stomach tightened when he caught sight of long copper hair , a sunburst of colour in the light , the image of the portrait in the gallery . 
 so , this was the woman who 'd inherited an empire . 
 why should she choose this backwater ? 
 it was n't as if it was a five-star hotel . 
 he 'd managed four stars , without the michelin star chef . 
 as jessie bent to write her name and address she felt a light touch on her shoulder and found herself looking up at a man with the face of a da vinci angel , a masterpiece of high cheekbones and angled jaw complimenting a full bottom lip . 
 but , it was his eyes that held her , eyes the colour of a summer sea . 
 he smiled , sweeping back a stray lock from a mane of black hair reaching to his shoulders , reminding her of a regency rake . 
 she was not sure of the cool calculating gleam in his eyes , as they rested on her cleavage . 
 her eyes narrowed ; he reminded her of someone , but whom ? 
 chapter 12 his heart leapt , as he looked down into eyes the colour of emeralds in sunlight . 
 after two years in scotland , his voice now held the whisper of a scottish burr , rising and falling over his english accent . 
 his eyes turned to dinah , ` ladies , welcome . 
 i trust you had a pleasant journey . 
 let me introduce myself - douglas mavebury . 
 he clicked his fingers at another two bellhops bidding them take the cases up to the rooms . 
 ` and now , let me escort you to your suites . ' 
 as he left to usher jess and dinah into the lift , aileen turned to margaret . 
 ` did ye see his face when he saw the one with the red hair ? 
 white it was ... white . ' 
 ` hmm ... tis the portrait . ' 
 *** using polite guile , douglas made sure he deposited dinah at her suite before escorting jess to hers . 
 on entering the room , she felt a sense of déjà vu followed by a wave of unnatural tiredness washing through her . 
 the four-poster bed looked inviting with the heavy brocade drapes of blue silk . 
 the room was certainly elegant boasting a georgian mahogany dressing table complete with swing mirror and the blue and white striped satin dressing chair . 
 catching sight of an antique escritoire and chair she said , ` my aunt used to have a writing desk just like this . 
 i can use it for my laptop . ' 
 yet , as jessie stroked the smooth mahogany top an image flashed through her mind of another century , an image of a young woman dipping a quill pen into a crystal inkwell , her face contorted with grief . 
 the vision fragmented as douglas said , ` that 's strange , i told the workmen to put that escritoire into storage in the barn . ' 
 he lifted the lid staring at a leatherette writing pad now free of maggots and slime . 
 this was a mystery as only half an hour ago , he 'd checked the room over to make sure everything was in order . 
 the writing desk certainly was n't there then . 
 shaking off that feeling of dread , jessie peered across the bedroom to the archway leading to a small sitting room furnished with the same regency upholstered furniture in blue and white satin , the grey marble coffee table holding the 32-inch wall television on a low-lying marble table . 
 ` i 'm impressed - love it . ' 
 smiling at douglas , she opened the balcony windows stepping onto the gilt wrought iron balcony overlooking the lake . 
 ` it 's so beautiful here . 
 i 'll just have to take a boat over to the island . 
 the mausoleum is quite gothic . 
 i 'd love to explore it . ' 
 she noticed the red-haired woman , and babe had disappeared . 
 douglas cleared his throat , ` i 'm sorry , but for safety reasons , one of the staff will row you over . 
 the mausoleum is my ancestor 's , lord duncan - story is he drowned himself in the lake . ' 
 jessie 's heart leapt , ` oh my god , did you say duncan ? 
 lord duncan ? ' 
 his eyes narrowed as he said , ` yes . 
 you 've heard of him ? ' 
 jess saw his jaw tighten ; the full lips pull back . 
 trained to read body language , she realized this was a touchy subject . 
 just saying the name caused him to tense up . 
 puzzled , she decided not to pursue the subject ; there was plenty of time for her to start asking questions . 
 she felt the excitement tighten her chest . 
 was there a chance it was the same duncan ? 
 quickly , she said , ` drowned himself in the lake ? ' 
 that 's awful . 
 you know ; i saw a young woman over there when i was in the cab coming here - long red hair like mine going into the copse ... maybe it 's my eyes playing tricks . 
 she could have been my double . 
 but then there are lots of red-haired women in scotland . ' 
 douglas realized he 'd over-reacted to her question . 
 there was only six weeks now for the codicil to run . 
 both he and nat were on full alert as fraudsters frantically contacted the solicitor 's office with false claims . 
 thank god , pevensey was on the ball . 
 he saved them a lot of time and heartache . 
 douglas fought to compose himself . 
 he was becoming paranoiac . 
 after all , she was an american , and a multi-millionaire , there was little chance she was at all interested , added to that , she was gorgeous , her green eyes wide and innocent . 
 he smiled as he said , ` people are warned to stay away from the island . 
 i 'll have to warn the staff to keep a look out - it 's quite dangerous - tidal water - fed by loch achray nearby . 
 but if you really want to have a look at the mausoleum , i 'll certainly get one of the staff to row you over , maybe this afternoon ? ' 
 an icy breeze almost stabbed her skin , followed by a peculiar pull on her body . 
 her muscles grew heavy with fatigue ; her legs leaden . ' 
 i guess i 'll have to take a rain check - i 'm just so tired . 
 i do n't know why , but maybe it 's the plane flight . ' 
 ` would you like me to send you up some lunch ? ' 
 ` err ... no thanks . 
 i ate on the plane . 
 i guess i 'm too exhausted to do anything but sleep right now . ' 
 ` i 'll let you rest ... how about a drink in the bar , this evening ? 
 say nine o'clock ? ' 
 glancing over to the bed and then at the luscious curves and languorous eyes , douglas felt the urge to join her . 
 his fear now forgotten , he shook his head bemused , this woman bewitched him . 
 ` great ... by the way , my dog daisy should be arriving in a few days . 
 we had trouble with her vaccination ; she was quite unwell after it . ' 
 ` oh i hope she 's okay now . ' 
 ` yes thank goodness . 
 anyway , i was told she could stay in my suite . ' 
 ` of course . 
 i 'll have a basket brought up for her . 
 you said she was a golden retriever , so i 'll make sure she has a larger basket , and feeding bowls . ' 
 ` that 's good of you . 
 she 's a hundred and two pounds , but not fat . 
 loves her food though . 
 i 've really missed her . 
 but , i just could n't bring her over whilst we were traveling so much . ' ' 
 i know what you mean , i have a hound - victor ; we 're like siamese twins as , wherever i go , he 's there . ' 
 jess laughed . ' 
 i know daisy is the same . 
 what breed is he ? ' ' 
 a hungarian viszla ; they 're very much like the weirmaraners , but all the viszlas are ginger . 
 the breeders use the name ` sedge ' - sounds better . ' 
 ` hah ... beautiful dogs . ' 
 seeing the wilt of her shoulders he said , ` look , i 'll let you get some sleep ... later then . ' 
 as he closed the door , he shook his head , still feeling that slight shock of recognition . 
 she really was the double of muriall , the woman in the portrait gallery . 
 chapter 13 1810 - douglas - the croft his heart was heavy . 
 so much for the meeting . 
 now to tell muriall and the others that there was no respite for the tenants . 
 duncan felt like giving up the inheritance , of departing for the jamaican plantations bequeathed to him by his late grandfather . 
 at least , he and muriall could marry without condemnation from the ton . 
 but , how could he leave the tenants to their fate ? 
 even though he and a group of loyal volunteers could not help them all , at least some would not starve . 
 others , however , would survive only by pawning clothes and bedding . 
 at least if he stayed , he could make sure they did n't starve on the coast . 
 kelping was a dangerous trade , cutting the seaweed under the rocks , in waist-high water . 
 the kelpers crofts were a few miles inland , so it meant fathers and sons sheltering in tarpaulin tents on the beach , or sleeping in wet clothes out in the open , suffering all manner of ills and often death . 
 however , he could ensure they had enough to eat and adequate shelter inland . 
 duncan hurried past the stables to the small group waiting at the orangery . 
 except for the glow of lanterns , it was almost pitch black . 
 he nodded to the second footman and groom already seated whilst the kennel man sat in the back with muriall and his sister , meg . 
 as they set off the night shadows darkened around the old stables . 
 muriall shook her head ; she had hardly slept the night before , tossing and turning , she schemed how she could procure more victuals for the peasants . 
 the earl had forbidden them to raid the larders for food , but stealthily with the aid of the servants ; they managed to pile the cart high with fresh food , clothes and bedding . 
 the small cavalcade moved forward with duncan 's youngest brother guy , riding behind , whilst half a dozen deer hounds ran ahead . 
 after travelling a mile or so , the thatch of the huts loomed dark against the night sky . 
 wordlessly , they split up into pairs each going to different huts . 
 muriall was glad of her breeches , as she walked through mud towards the hut . 
 only a small peat fire lit the gloomy interior . 
 she saw her friends of childhood , robert and alice , rise to their feet , whilst six children , their skeletal bodies covered with rags , crouched around the peat fire . 
 hastily , muriall took off the linen cover , showing them the basket of fresh food . 
 kneeling , she spread a red and white check cloth on the floor , laying out slices of mutton , ham and freshly churned butter . 
 after wiping their small hands , muriall gave them white rolls , which they pushed into their mouths , their eyes and cheeks bulging as they tried to chew . 
 pulling clothes from the sack , warm flannel shirts for the little boys and dresses for the girls , she said , ` the ladies of the district are sewing as fast as they can . ' 
 turning to robert , her childhood playmate , she handed him a pair of warm cloth trousers with a shabby coat . 
 to alice she gave a cotton chemise and wool dress . 
 muriall tried to cheer her , saying the blue would suit her eyes and hair - hair once so beautiful , falling in sun-kissed waves down her back , now a dirty blonde and dull . 
 it was then she felt small arms creep around her neck , a soft kiss on her cheek . 
 turning her head , muriall looked into the sea green eyes of little bonny , only four years old grinning as she chewed on some ham . 
 slipping on a flannel chemise over the child 's mud caked body , followed by a pink flannel dress ; she tried not to wince as she felt the child 's bones . 
 little patrick who would soon be six , squealed , ` trousers mammy , and would you believe it , socks for me feet . ' 
 speaking in low tones , alice asked if they had any news . 
 were they to be evicted or were they to be allowed to stay on their tiny farm . 
 it was a hard patch of land , but on it , they managed to grow corn , raise chickens , and sustain a cow . 
 lowering her eyes , muriall shook her head . 
 ` we are still arguing alice , but it is not good news . 
 it seems the earl is intent on clearing the land , all the land for the sheep . 
 the duke of glennard opposes his view and intends to keep his tenant farmers , but here on rhonan . 
 i am afraid it is dire news . ' 
 alice gave a little cry holding her fists to her head whilst robert drew her close into his arms as if to shield her from the coming disaster . 
 alice wailed , ` this cottage has been in my family for over two hundred years ; it is all i know , muriall - all i know . 
 we can barely scratch a living , but it is ours even though the rent is high . ' 
 muriall clung to them both , as alice put her head on her husband 's chest and sobbed . 
 it did not seem possible that this small cottage had been a place of childhood joy , chasing each other through the heather , milking the old cow , lying sprawled on the baked earth floor listening to stories from old patrick , alice 's father . 
 alice in a strangled voice , said , ` where - where will we go ? ' 
 so many have starved there ; others drowned in the cruel waves cutting the kelp . 
 the bairns are so little but cut the kelp they must . 
 oh dear god save us . ' 
 muriall whispered . 
 ` it is the coast - duncan fought hard , but he lost alice - he lost . 
 however , do n't despair , it is not far from us . 
 we will make sure you have food , and we will help you build a cottage . 
 i promise you alice , we will not forsake you . ' 
 robert lifted his head , looking at the children , as he said , ` they have not broken us , and they think they have broken the clans , destroyed our chieftains but the spirit is still there . 
 tis a different world we had muriall before culloden , a world of sharing , of compassion , and love . 
 the land belonged equally to all the clan from the eldest to the youngest . 
 the chieftain too shared all . 
 this would not have happened in the days of the clan . 
 it was a hard life , but a life the clans lived for thousands of years . 
 we ate together we starved together , each a brother , a sister . 
 a different world muriall - lost in the hardened hearts of these greedy landlords . 
 muriall wiped her eyes and lifted her head , ` but another world will come robbie , a world that will not forget what happened to the brave highlanders . 
 they will mourn robbie - somehow in my heart , i know that . 
 and those that write of these days will weep for us e ` en though we are in our graves . 
 chapter 14 present day as douglas closed the door , jess frowned , he was so like duncan , the man in the locket . 
 she tried to think of it as a co-incidence , many people had a double . 
 crossing to the bed , she lifted the duvet and bottom sheet to examine the mattress , her hand sinking into the plump softness . 
 ah yes , deep memory foam , as were the pillows . 
 she 'd sleep okay here . 
 once undressed , she pulled on a robe and on a whim went to the balcony to take another look at the lake . 
 stepping onto the balcony , she saw the woman was back , looking directly at her . 
 frowning , jess took out a digital camera from her handbag and moving out of view , took a photo of her . 
 she was intrigued ; the woman could have been her twin . 
 another co-incidence . 
 a shiver ran through her body , things seemed a little unreal . 
 maybe it was the tiredness . 
 she felt that familiar heaviness of her eyes pulling her into sleep , that tug of her body that forebodes of something more than a dream . 
 earlier , she 'd had that sense of déjà-vu when the cab drove up to the manor , but it was fleeting . 
 rubbing her eyes , she felt she was entering muriall 's body again . 
 as always , it was a strange sensation . 
 she wondered if muriall had any idea what was happening , whether she too felt the same weird sensations as jess 's spirit slipped into her body , her mind . 
 really , it was time she and dinah investigated whether this was a past life experience . 
 she still felt that guilt , of being a voyeur , but she was helpless to stop the dream happening . 
 she was also anxious about muriall . 
 shaking her head , she smiled , why should she be so worried for someone dead over two hundred years ? 
 but , the dreams were so real . 
 anyway , dead or not , the woman ran such risks . 
 she certainly had guts , having a love affair with a distant cousin-in-law . 
 in those times , it was tantamount to heresy . 
 it was a wonder the servants had no apprehension of duncan slipping into muriall 's room at night . 
 but , the manor was a warren of secret passages , doors and hideaways . 
 so necessary also , as pillage and assassination were always a danger in those hazardous times . 
 fighting to keep her eyes open , her body jerked as the phone rang . 
 picking it up , she stifled a yawn . 
 ` hello di ... god i 'm so tired ; it 's that dreadful feeling again . 
 you know as if muriall 's taking over ... no , i 'll be fine ; i 'm used to it now ... just need to sleep for a while . 
 see you later . 
 okay ? 
 yes , the dining room ... dinner ? 
 wake me up if i 'm late . ' 
 sighing she dragged herself onto the bed . 
 within seconds of closing her eyes , a kaleidoscope of images flickered pulling her into the dream . . 
 hidden by the bulrushes , the lovers lay entangled on a bank overlooking the lake ; muriall played with a lock of duncan 's hair . 
 pulling her to him , he said , ` when we are married -- ' ` let 's not talk of that - it 's frightening . 
 i just wish i was not illegitimate , then i would have nothing to fear -- ' ` it is something we will face together . 
 your mother had a tragic life and i -- ' ` can you imagine dying alone of the cholera ? ' 
 tears threatened as her voice quivered . 
 ` married at barely fifteen ? 
 she was so young . 
 how could they force her to marry a man of over seventy ? 
 god knows what he did to her in bed . ' 
 ` aye no wonder she took a lover . ' 
 ` and they killed him . 
 that duel was rigged duncan . 
 how could a young man of two and twenty years be out fenced by a man who could barely walk ? 
 no , the duel was rigged ; the bastards killed him , then locked her away , pregnant and alone . 
 as for that lecherous old swine , i 'm glad he 's dead . 
 he took a child to his bed duncan , a child . 
 at least , she knew some love . ' 
 tears bubbled and dropped from her eyes as she buried her head in her hands and wept . 
 `` it was only a few years ago that women were slaves to the sexual desires of men , betrothed at birth , bedded at twelve . ' 
 duncan 's mind went back to that day he 'd first seen muriall . 
 he 'd bounded down the main staircase , the dogs at his heels when old patrick mcgregor , and his father came through the front door with a toddler between them , her hair a halo of fiery curls , emerald eyes framed with black lashes . 
 the green chiffon dress and hair band gave her a look of a tiny mermaid almost too ethereal for this world . 
 he remembered laughing as she held out plump little arms to the dogs standing almost a head taller than her . 
 his father called out ` duncan this is muriall ; she has come to live with us . 
 come greet your little cousin . ' 
 he rushed forward , as she put a chubby finger in her mouth , staring up at him . 
 he 'd never wanted a sister ; they were too prissy , always whining and playing with dolls but this little creature unafraid of the animals towering over her , just stared up at him , her arm reaching up to curl around the dog 's neck , as it licked her cheek . 
 he knew then that he would care for her with his life . 
 she too bonded immediately . 
 as the years passed she emulated him in every way insisting that the fairies change her into a boy . 
 it was only later as she reached her sixteenth birthday duncan was glad she had n't . 
 for over a year he fought his feelings , his longings . 
 it seemed almost incestuous , but he could not fight his love . 
 muriall was a part of him , part of his very soul . 
 ` it still hurts me duncan and always will . 
 you have always known the love of your family , your mother , father brothers and sister . 
 i have no one . 
 i often long to know my mother - to meet her if only for a few seconds - to hold her hand - to feel her hold me in her arms , feel her soft skin . 
 i often imagine that her favourite scent was lavender like mine . 
 just think , i could pick a sprig of lavender and immediately be with her in my mind , in my senses . 
 but , that can never be . 
 and then my father - killed in a duel . 
 often i dream of him , dream that we are walking together through a meadow of wild flowers . 
 he is so tall and strong and i come only to his waist . 
 then i dream he grabs me and tosses me in the air - so much love , so much laughter , and then i wake up . 
 i am alone duncan . 
 sometimes i feel so isolated . ' 
 chapter 15 jessie groaned as she struggled to wake , rising on her elbows to watch a shaft of light spear shadows . 
 the dreams left her feeling weaker . 
 she forced herself to swing her legs over the bed . 
 struggling into a silk wrap , she trudged over to the shower . 
 unlike so many other people jessie loved the water at just medium warm , scalding hot water took away the silken joy of water on her skin . 
 reaching for the sponge and foaming gel , she fought to escape the nightmare of the clearances . 
 muriall was so brave , so feisty but still in those days women were subjugated to men . 
 the threat of being thrown out onto the streets was never far from their minds , a threat more lethal than iron shackles . 
 yet muriall was right ; she was not the type to sip morning coffee or chocolate and join in frivolous gossip . 
 through the dreams , she came through as a rebel , a signal of the suffragette movement to come . 
 toweling her hair , jessie wondered how the girl controlled her rage against a society that sequestered her in a soft prison of the home . 
 she was fortunate she had duncan and not some pompous ass talking through his balls . 
 she realized douglas could even be him in another life - they were so alike . 
 there was some kind of synchronicity or divine order taking place . 
 before meeting douglas , she had consistently dreamt of his ancestor . 
 was there such a thing as fate - destiny ? 
 *** the dining room carried through the regency decor with gleaming rosewood dining chairs on sabre legs . 
 the ripe twist top rails sparkled with gilt brass mounts complimented with maroon and gold striped upholstery . 
 exquisite linen tablecloths invited with sparkling crystal glasses and heavy silver cutlery . 
 dinah already seated in a secluded corner table , waved . 
 ` hey , you look washed out . ' 
 jess slumped into her chair . ' 
 i feel it . 
 the nap has made me feel worse not better . ' 
 dinah frowned . 
 ` i 've got you some wine , whilst we 're waiting - shiraz . 
 that should buck you up . 
 hey , guess what ? 
 i met george and lucy in the bar . 
 they were so pleased to know we 've arrived . 
 i said we 'd meet up later - if that 's alright with you . ' 
 ` yes that 's fine , but i am meeting douglas . 
 he asked me to join him at the bar . ' 
 ` he 's one gorgeous hunk . ' 
 ` yeah , well let 's hope he does n't think so too . ' 
 ` that 's the trouble with good-looking guys ; they think you 'll rip off your thong if they just glance your way . ' 
 ` hmm , you can usually tell though in the first two sentences . ' 
 dinah grinned , ` well , i got it wrong once . 
 there was this great looking guy . 
 he seemed so pleasant - polite . 
 all i did was go to the loo and he was waiting outside . 
 the next thing i know , he 's slamming me against the wall and tearing off my top with one hand , his fingers on my crotch with the other . 
 he was crazy , he kept saying , ` baby , baby , i know you want this . ' 
 ` so what did you do ? ' 
 ` kneed him ' ` ouch . ' 
 ` well george seems okay . 
 he behaved himself at the pub , and he did n't follow me to the loo . ' 
 ` well he certainly could n't take his eyes off you . 
 changing the subject though , i 've had that dream again . 
 you know the one about the lake . 
 only this time ? ' 
 she stopped as the waiter , a slim young man looking more italian than scottish , approached with the menus . 
 ` i 'll tell you about it later . ' 
 as she cast her eyes down the menu , she felt her appetite diminish . 
 she still had that sense of heaviness . 
 maybe a good night 's sleep would shake it off . 
 after ordering , dinah leant forward , her voice low . 
 ` so go on tell me about the dream . ' 
 she was keen to hear it , psychologists placed great importance on dreams , however surreal they may be . 
 ` it 's changed di ; it 's almost as if i am living muriall 's life now , more so than ever . 
 i seem to be inside her body and yet this hovering spirit that can read the thoughts of both her and duncan . 
 it 's quite peculiar . ' 
 ` shades of past lives ? 
 as you know , the person going back to a past life can often be telepathic as well . 
 so tell me what happened ? ' 
 jess shaking out her napkin began recounting the dream , starting with the feeling of heaviness in her eyelids , the waves of exhaustion sweeping over her . 
 taking a bite from the duck in cherry and port sauce she said , ` they are caught up in the scottish clearances . 
 as i know their names , it might be easier to trace it all back . 
 then of course there were the love trysts as they called them , and this guy spying on them . 
 muriall saw him and told duncan , but she was so afraid they might duel , and duncan could be lethally hurt . ' 
 dinah chewed on a delicious portion of lobster thermidor . 
 ` hmm - this really does sound like a past life . 
 ` we really should try taking you back . 
 this time it could happen . 
 the dreams certainly are vivid as you say . 
 muriall and duncan 's are so strong ; they might even manifest . ' 
 jessie shivered . 
 ` oh no . 
 that 's the one thing i do n't want to happen . 
 i do n't mind getting a message or even drawing them but nothing else . 
 i 'd die of fright . ' 
 ` perhaps we ought to have a séance . 
 we could ask george and lucy . 
 i 'm sure they 'd be up for it . ' 
 ` i 'd like to , but i need to get organized first . 
 daisy 's coming in a few days , and i need to get the studio sorted out . ' 
 ` trouble is if you leave it , the power fades . ' ' 
 i know it 's just that heaviness , the exhaustion . 
 i can still feel it . 
 it 's quite frightening actually . ' 
 ` maybe you were taken over . 
 after all you are a medium . ' 
 ` psychic artist dinah . 
 that 's a load of difference from a medium . 
 i mean i might go into a light trance but not anywhere as deep as a medium does . ' 
 ` maybe you did this time . 
 maybe that 's why you have this feeling of exhaustion . 
 for all you know your powers might be evolving . 
 have a think about it . ' 
 ` okay but do n't say anything to george or lucy . 
 at the moment , i do n't want to be held to anything . ' 
 seeing jessie finish her coffee , dinah said , ` let 's go and find them shall we ? ' 
 on their way to the bar , they passed through one of the small lounges , decorated with gold silk walls . 
 the centre point was a carving of a pine tree soaring ceiling high , encircled with an ottoman . 
 the gilt painted leaves of the palm-tree complimented the six foot carving of the hindu god ganesha in a far corner , typical regency period . 
 jess turned to the sound of douglas 's voice , ` jessie , hey , over here . ' 
 the bar was in direct contrast to the regency decor of the dining room and rest area . 
 the low oak ceiling beams and tables with oak carved chairs , and country rose chintz upholstery gave more of a victorian feel to the room . 
 douglas rose to greet her , his eyes taking in the slenderness of her body , the swell of her breasts in the low cut black dress that clung to sinuous curves . 
 a three stringed choker of pearls , with a central ruby , her only ornament , gave lustre to the pale beauty of her skin . 
 george pulled out a chair calling to dinah , ` hi precious girl . ' 
 dinah flushed , tweaking one of the dark ringlets , her body swaying seductively in a short skirt of blue chiffon with a cream silk bustier . 
 sitting down , he put a huge arm over the back of her chair and stroked her neck whispering , ` such a beautiful neck . ' 
 blushing , she moved a little closer to him . 
 douglas smiled at the group . 
 ` so what can i get you all . ' 
 jess asked for shiraz , dinah a chardonnay ; lucy stayed with her soft orange whilst george settled for a pint of guinness . 
 as douglas went to the bar , jessie saw a good-looking guy with dark blonde hair , dressed in country casuals , approach lucy . 
 as she smiled back , he pulled up a chair and sat down beside her . 
 ` sorry i missed the class , but one of the vietnamese pigs in the domestic farm decided to have colic . ' 
 jess laughed , ' a pot-bellied pig . 
 they 're beautiful . 
 i have a friend who sculpts them , has two of her own , one black and one spotted . ' 
 nat grinned , ` they have such friendly natures , make excellent pets . 
 i 've been told they are more intelligent than dogs . 
 by the way , i 'm nat , douglas 's brother . ' 
 jess took his hand , feeling the calluses on his fingers . 
 ` pleased to meet you - jessie - jessie mcgregor . 
 i 've done some paintings of them . 
 pot bellied pigs are ideal for pop-art with their floppy ears and rolls of fat . 
 i love the way they sway when they walk . ' 
 ` yea , i have to watch they do n't get too fat though , they 're greedy little buggers . ' 
 ` my golden retriever is one of the greediest dogs i know . 
 she lives for the next bite . ' 
 douglas returned to the table , carrying a tray laden with drinks . 
 ` ah nat , got you a beer . ' 
 seeing nat sitting on the other side of jessie , he said , ' i see you two have introduced yourselves ? ' 
 he frowned as nat held jessie 's hand to his lips before releasing it . 
 what the hell was he playing at ? 
 he was already flirting with lucy , so why this ? 
 taking his seat next to her , he put his arm lightly around her shoulders , possessively . 
 as the others talked , he murmured to jessie . 
 ` you look beautiful . 
 i hope you had a good nap . ' 
 ` not really , i had such vivid dreams . ' 
 ` really ? ' 
 ` yes , it 's always of this guy ? ' 
 what ? 
 missing your partner already ? ' 
 realizing he was fishing to find out if she was single , jessie decided to tease him . 
 ` err - no , i do n't know him . 
 funny how you can dream of complete strangers . ' 
 ` really - tell me . ' 
 jessie grinned . 
 ` oh no - it was much too intimate . ' 
 douglas watched as the tip of her very pink tongue flitted over her moist lip . 
 he felt a tingle dance down to his groin . 
 god she was sexy . 
 catching the gleam in his eye , jessie laughed . 
 ` if you want to know - i do n't have a partner . ' 
 ` err - glad to hear it . 
 maybe i could show you around some time . 
 there are lots to see here . ' 
 ` i 'd like that . ' 
 her expression became serious as she said , ` actually we 've only just split up . 
 we 'd been together for nearly eighteen months , but things were n't working out . ' 
 ` oh i see - so you 're okay ? ' 
 ` yes - it was just upsetting you know . 
 peter 's a free lance journalist . 
 he 's often called away to europe , hot spots in africa and the middle east . 
 we did n't get to spend much time together . ' 
 ` dangerous places to be . ' 
 ` yes i know . 
 i never knew where he would be next . 
 i spent most of our relationship worrying about him . 
 still do really . 
 we 're good friends . ' 
 ` that 's quite difficult to achieve - i mean to end something amicably . ' 
 ` i 've always remained friends with boyfriends or partners . ' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 how many relationships had she had ? 
 she continued . 
 ` saying that i 've only had three boyfriends , and i 'm now twenty-nine and single again . ' ' 
 i must say i 'm happy to hear that . ' 
 his arm tightened around her shoulders . 
 realizing the passion in that grip she said hurriedly , ' i just want to relax now - have fun - sort myself out . 
 how about you ? ' 
 douglas 's smile faded , ` how could he tell her ? 
 it was too soon . 
 maybe she would n't want to get involved when she knew . 
 chapter 16 nat watched douglas talking with jessie , saw the interest in his eyes , the way he lightly gripped her shoulder . 
 maybe his brother was ready to get involved . 
 it was about time . 
 he had been too long on his own , too long yearning and fighting for little marnie . 
 the court battle for half-custody of the child was still raging . 
 as he suspected his ex-wife now aware of his inheritance was fighting for half share of the money and estate . 
 it looked like she could possibly win . 
 it just did n't seem possible . 
 after all , she was the one that left douglas for another man , tore his heart and life apart , taking his little daughter as well . 
 seeing his brother 's interest in jessie , nat thought it was time to get to know this beauty , time to nurture a budding relationship . 
 ` ah so you 're the artist who 's renting a studio with us ? ' 
 ` psychologist really and i try at art - psychic art that is . ' 
 dinah interrupted , ` come on jessie . 
 you 're well known - sold many paintings in america and europe . ' 
 jess grimaced . ' 
 i think they sold mainly because they were portraits of dead relatives . 
 i just hope i get it right . ' 
 nat raised his eyebrows . 
 ` my brother 's an artist - you two should have a lot in common . ' 
 douglas smiled , ' a thwarted artist . 
 that 's why i taught it ; oh and history , mainly fifteenth to twenty-first century . ' 
 changing the subject , jessie said , ' i must say this place is beautiful . 
 i was so amazed when i first saw it . 
 i mean i know it 's in the brochure but in real life , it is incredible . 
 i 've put it on twitter already . ' 
 dinah now resting back on george 's shoulder , said , ` so have i. ' looking at nathan , lucy said , ` i 'm sure i can get my group to tweet it as well . 
 the lake is particularly gorgeous with the lily pads , reeds and bulrushes and then there 're the moorhens , swans ; the ducks are cute . 
 i 've even seen a hummingbird - absolutely beautiful . ' 
 jess turned to douglas . 
 ` talking of the lake that reminds me , i saw the girl again . 
 you know the one i told you about earlier ? 
 well , she was standing right by the mausoleum . 
 i could just see her through the trees . 
 it was a beautiful shot with the sun streaming through the stained-glass windows onto her hair . 
 here , i 'll get it for you . ' 
 reaching into her bag she took out the small digital camera and switching it on gave it to douglas . 
 ` there are two , so just stroke across . ' 
 studying the shot , he scrolled across to see the other , his eyes narrowing . 
 ` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't see anything . 
 it 's a great picture of the lake and the mausoleum but there 's - no girl . ' 
 jessie frowned . 
 ` that 's peculiar . 
 i 'm sure i saw - absolutely sure . 
 i even dreamt of her today . 
 she is so like the woman in my dreams . 
 in fact , i 've been dreaming of this couple , for years . 
 they 're lovers actually , in the nineteenth century . 
 the girl always looks like me and the guy has your colouring and looks . ' 
 dinah laughed , ` so muriall and duncan could be you and douglas in a past life . ' 
 then he 's handsome , this dream lover . ' 
 ` he 's not my lover . 
 wish he was . ' 
 the words slipped out before she had time to retract them . 
 ` muriall ? 
 duncan ? 
 you know their names ? ' 
 remembering his tense reaction earlier to the name of duncan , jessie decided to play it down . 
 her therapist 's intuition told her it was taboo territory , and she would not be pulled in . ' 
 i did n't think it was important - it 's trivial really , just a dream . ' 
 unaware of jessie 's deliberate evasion of the subject , dinah interrupted , ` yes , but one that 's been haunting you for years . ' 
 looking at douglas , she said , ` that 's one of the reasons we 're here to find these lovers . ' 
 nathan sensing the rising tension , said , ` yeah well it 's a well-known rumour , even a legend about them , duncan drowning himself in the lake and muriall disappearing . ' 
 nudging dinah with her foot , jessie said , ' i do n't really know too much about the names or places . ' 
 douglas tensed looking at jessie , ` so , you 've dreamt of muriall ? ' 
 ` it 's all a bit vague really - i can scarcely visualize muriall now . ' 
 sensing jessie was hedging , dinah kept quiet . 
 something was going on here , an undercurrent . 
 trying to smile , douglas said , ` funny you should know the names though . ' 
 jess gave a short laugh . ' 
 i really do n't remember too much about it . 
 you know what dreams are - i usually only recall fragments . ' 
 douglas felt his heart slump . 
 this was getting too close now . 
 jessie was referring to actual names , dreams . 
 what else was to come ? 
 would she claim some entitlement to the estate ? 
 he needed to find out more . 
 ` so what were the fragments ? ' 
 dinah frowned . 
 he seemed a really nice guy , so friendly but something was wrong ; his voice was lower , tighter . 
 of course , jess remembered the dream ; she 'd told her everything over dinner in explicit detail . 
 she was obviously trying to tone down the importance of the lovers , of muriall , especially . 
 she was trying to hide something . 
 why ? 
 jess nudged her under the table , stopped her saying anything further . 
 why had n't she said anything ? 
 she decided to change the subject about the lovers . 
 ` you know muriall is quite a common name in new york . 
 so many of the scots moved there in the early eighteen hundreds . 
 the landlords forced thousands of them to emigrate . ' 
 nat just prayed these two gorgeous girls were not frauds leading up to a claim on the estate . 
 it was too much of a co-incidence that they knew both names . 
 but , to be polite he said , ` we know about that . 
 there 's a museum about an hour 's ride from here . 
 it gives the history in detail along with early lithographs , videos , newspaper articles , and letters . 
 it 's harrowing , something you never forget . 
 the landlords were vicious , so i understand - forced the tenants to the coast , in the early years many were forced to emigrate . 
 to her surprise , she heard douglas speak quietly to jessie , ` have you been to the portrait gallery ? ' 
 jessie shook her head , puzzled . 
 ` no , have n't had time really . ' 
 ` oh it 's just that there are portraits of muriall and duncan in there . ' 
 jess felt her stomach sizzle . 
 there was something so wrong here . 
 douglas really had a thing about these two long dead people . 
 was there some ghastly secret he was trying to hide ? 
 hurriedly , feeling awkwardness , dinah said , ` jessie is a medium you know . 
 she could have picked up their spirits . 
 maybe they 'll make an appearance . ' 
 she laughed awkwardly . 
 ` no i 'm not dinah ; i 'm a psychic artist . 
 i only draw the spirits . 
 they ca n't come through me . ' 
 hearing the irritation in jessie 's voice , douglas breathed deeply from the diaphragm . 
 he had to get a hold of himself . 
 he really was getting paranoid about people claiming to be the long-lost heir of duncan and muriall . 
 he had so much to lose , not only the estate and the hotel but marnie , his baby . 
 her little face loomed before his eyes , those plump rosy cheeks , large dark eyes , and hair curling to her shoulders . 
 he became aware of the bewilderment in jessie 's eyes . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 here was a lovely young woman , breathing innocence , absolutely gorgeous , and he was going on about muriall and duncan . 
 he had to stop it , stop the obsessive thoughts . 
 she had no need of money , was a multi-millionaire for god 's sake . 
 besides , he was deeply attracted to her , wanted to get to know her , wanted his hands on her . 
 yet , he could n't help himself . 
 ` so you 've never read of them then ? ' 
 jessie felt a ripple of irritation , in clipped tones she said , ` i 've told you about duncan , and as dinah said , muriall is a familiar name in america among the scots . 
 it 's only a dream though . ' 
 he saw the green eyes flash , a fiery female - went with the hair . 
 so , she was n't the vulnerable woman he 'd thought . 
 he could sense she was annoyed , and he did n't blame her . 
 but , he could n't explain his irrational behaviour ; go into the will and the fraudulent claims - not here , not yet . 
 it would look as if he suspected them . 
 he would surely lose her before they 'd even started . 
 ` i 'm sorry it 's just that what you 've said has shaken me . 
 we were not sure that muriall and duncan were even lovers . ' 
 nat murmured , ` yeah me too . 
 you see jess ; muriall was purported to be duncan 's mistress or wife - but no-one really knows , and then you come all the way from america and confirm they were in love if not lovers sexually . 
 well at least you 've dreamt it . 
 it 's uncanny . 
 her suite is still here with the original name - the one you are staying in . 
 well , we presume it to be hers . ' 
 feeling somewhat mollified with their explanation , she still felt her body shiver . 
 in the dream he called muriall his little mermaid . 
 ` you mean i 'm staying in the same rooms ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 as i said , it had that name painted on it when we moved in , so we kept it . ' 
 father o'reilly swears blind they are muriall 's old rooms . ' 
 lucy interrupted , ` i 've heard she 's supposed to haunt the manor . 
 father o'reilly carried out the exorcism to try to banish her did n't he ? ' 
 nat felt his body grow cold , ` oh god , he 'd told lucy about the haunting , mainly because they 'd arrived a couple of days before the exorcism . 
 he saw douglas 's lips tighten . 
 jessie was terrified of ghosts ; what the hell would happen now ? 
 jess frowned , her hand going to her neck . 
 ` haunted ? 
 you mean she actually haunts the manor , and i 'm staying in her suite ? 
 not bloody likely . ' 
 she glared at douglas . 
 chapter 17 1810 . 
 rhonan . 
 letter from muriall august , 1810 . 
 the lady brianna rhonan , rhonan estate . 
 cornwall , england . 
 my dear brianna , thank you for your most welcome letter . 
 i read and reread it . 
 i am so pleased that little felicia is pleased with her new doll . 
 it took aunt flavia weeks , stitching and embroidering the tiny clothes . 
 then she spent so much time searching for a suitable tea set for her . 
 the tiny porcelain cups are quite exquisite . 
 uncle actually grinned when he watched peters pack edward 's drum and drum sticks . 
 the little hussar uniform was delightful . 
 he must look very handsome in it . 
 nevertheless , as you say dear brianna , the money for the toys should have gone to the tenants . 
 do not feel guilty ; there is nothing you could do . 
 however , the money you sent will definitely provide clothes for the impoverished cottars ' children . 
 i would like to say toys , but we need every penny we can get for food . 
 however , i have a thought here ; i could raid the attics for some . 
 i know we put so many of our own toys up there over the years . 
 i am sorry my letter upset you , as i know you have such a tender heart . 
 i can assure you that we are visiting the cottars every three days now with fresh victuals , and your money will help so much . 
 we can not feed all ten families at once so we have a rota of three families per visit then another three families the next , and so on . 
 our visit to the cottars was tragic . 
 it breaks my heart when i think of when we were children , the number of times we would steal away to the cottages to listen to old patrick 's stories about the fairies and the mermen , you on his knee and me and robbie at his feet . 
 it used to be so cosy with the turf fire glowing . 
 it never went out did it , summer or winter ? 
 alice is just skin and bones , and you know how bonny she was . 
 we just stood together and cried . 
 she is devastated , and robbie is so thin . 
 the other children can scarcely stand . 
 i am terrified brianna , terrified of what is going to happen here . 
 we have to find more help . 
 they have stopped the road works saying the work is useless and of no importance . 
 the only roads left are those to the farms that are just tracks really . 
 i am appalled and ashamed at the destitution and squalor in which our poor friends exist . 
 honestly , at times like this , i wish i were a man . 
 i could do so much more - bully the landlords into helping the cottars , not evict them . 
 i hate this inequality - women have very little power . 
 as such , our efforts are insignificant . 
 we can not even suggest anything at the meetings . 
 oh no , it is up to the men , sitting on their arses pontificating instead of doing anything . 
 dorothea and aileen are now doing their utmost to persuade their papas to help the tenants . 
 however , with little success . 
 like us , they are ferreting food out at night inveigling trusted servants to guard them . 
 so between the three of us , we are looking after about thirty families . 
 yet sadly , it is not enough ; our beloved friends are suffering ; now some are dying . 
 duncan and our darling guy , are both working like slaves to help . 
 however , that bloody max , he is a bastard , selfish - corrupt . 
 i am near to horsewhipping him . 
 only the other night he dared to enter my bedchamber without permission . 
 i do declare i felt threatened and with good reason , i found out . 
 nevertheless , i evaded his amorous intentions and with a whack across his head with my hairbrush , sent him packing . 
 i dare not tell duncan , blood would be shed . 
 he is so afraid for us ; more landlords have received death threats . 
 although i love duncan , i am fed up with him following me around . 
 he insists he is guarding me . 
 for god 's sake , i match him in swordplay , temper and shot . 
 why do men treat us as if we are porcelain dolls ? 
 honestly , brianna , women are stereotyped as witless , fragile , fainting at every hint of excitement . 
 it is only the stupid corsets that bring that about . 
 at least , you and i are one accord on this . 
 meg does not help either , moaning at me as usual for wearing breeches and frockcoat . 
 well , why not ? 
 there are other women standing out for what they believe in . 
 tis just tradition has subjugated women . 
 in earlier times , we were equal . 
 men were devoted to the goddess , to the great mother . 
 however , with the advent of christianity and that misogynist paul , it changed . 
 one day we will wear trousers , have a say in politics , and have the right to own land . 
 i mean that twit lord mccarthy has married an heiress with a fortune of fifty thousand pounds , and an estate with a manor house , but it is his to do with as he pleases , she has no rights at all , and it 's hers for god 's sake . 
 however , as soon as she married she lost the right to everything . 
 ridiculous - insane . 
 what is wrong with these women ? 
 if i say anything , they back away and shudder in horror at my boldness . 
 they twitter on about ` women must know their place ' . 
 we do not even have the right to write or publish under our own names . 
 meg was positively affrighted at my speech as usual , well bollocks to that . 
 i have read of german authoresses who freely curse and yet write so adroitly , women who are free to be natural , without adhering to the insane rules of polite society , a society that enslaves women treating us , as though we are little more than animals . 
 uncle respects his horse more than he does aunt flavia . 
 alas though , he is so frail and can scarce walk without his cane . 
 he now suffers a hacking cough and has the gout to add to his discomfort . 
 only last week he took to his bed for over four days . 
 aunt flavia was affrighted and called for the physician . 
 he protested heartily at being bled , but gave in with ill grace . 
 duncan has no time for him now in his complete indifference to the suffering of our poor tenants . 
 it quite breaks my heart brianna . 
 as i said above , our dear friends are suffering . 
 alice and robbie and their young family will be forced to move to the coast without food or shelter until they build a home . 
 but of course , duncan , myself and other willing volunteers will help them . 
 i just wish we could help them all . 
 oh dear i hear aunt flavia calling me for dinner . 
 i shall eat half of it and save the rest for the children . 
 i have to go , and john is waiting for the letter . 
 i shall write to you again , poste haste . 
 there is more to say . 
 i am your devoted and loving sister , muriall . 
 chapter 18 present day douglas felt sand churn in his stomach . 
 she looked ready to walk out . 
 why the hell could n't he keep his suspicions under wraps and why the hell could n't nat keep his bloody mouth shut ? 
 he had to think fast , his most valuable guest could be checking out on her first night . 
 ` according to father o'reilly it 's all clear . ' 
 he knew he was lying through his teeth , knew that the priest warned of a darker power than muriall . 
 to the priest , she was a sweet young woman , who protected people from the darker power . 
 he felt his jaw bunch into a knot as he waited for jessie 's response . 
 ` you mean to say you carried out an exorcism , and you did n't even warn me ? 
 who do you think you are ? ' 
 nat bit his lip ; she was a force to contend with when roused , the pale skin of her cheeks now aflame , her eyes like emeralds glittering . 
 douglas interrupted , ` look we can move you . 
 move you right now . 
 we have another suite . 
 it does not have all the amenities , but we can move you . ' 
 dinah cut in . 
 ` those are gorgeous rooms jess . ' 
 nat interrupted ` the best we have ? ' 
 dinah shot him a glance as if to say ` shut up ' and continued speaking . 
 ` it 's all set up for you and daisy . 
 if the place has been exorcised , then it should be fine . 
 look i 'll stay with you tonight . 
 just let 's try it out . 
 you 'll soon know . 
 you 'll sense it anyway . ' 
 douglas 's hope of bedding jessie slipped away . 
 gritting his teeth , he waited for her reply . 
 jessie took a deep breath , holding him mesmerized as he watched the swell of her full breasts . 
 ` oh alright - just for tonight . ' 
 douglas cut in . 
 ` look i 'll come back with you ; i can scour every corner . ' 
 nat intrigued with the situation , still sought answers . 
 had jess maybe dreamt of their muriall ? 
 lightening his voice , he said half laughingly , ` hey why do n't we all go and see this famous portrait of muriall ? 
 see if it 's like the woman you photographed today . ' 
 douglas caught his breath , why did nat have to drag that up again ? 
 what was up with the guy ? 
 yet , he referred to the woman by the lake and not muriall . 
 looking at jess , he could see she did not resent the underlying allusion to muriall , in fact , her eyes brightened . 
 ` now that would be interesting . ' 
 dinah laughed in assent , ` yes that would confirm there is some kind of spirit life . 
 we spiritualists are always looking for proof . ' 
 nat rose to his feet , ` come on bring your drinks with you . 
 there 's a ` snug ' as they call it on the same floor . 
 it was the name given to a women 's bar ; even up until fifty years ago , they were not allowed in a pub . 
 we 've turned it into a nice little bar , quite cosy . ' 
 the oblong gallery was tastefully decorated with deep burgundy offsetting the gilt framed canvasses . 
 lightly holding jess 's elbow , douglas led her to a large rectangular painting in a gilt frame . 
 mounted on the wall beneath it , was a brass plaque with the words , the right honourable earl of rhonan . 
 ` duncan , our erstwhile ancestor . 
 as you know , already it 's rumoured he killed himself when muriall disappeared . ' 
 jessie looked up at the image , her heart beating a tattoo . 
 ` it was the same portrait as the miniature in the locket , obviously painted by the same artist , the dark locks tousled on the forehead , the eyes that pierced . 
 god he was handsome , as handsome as the guy standing beside her right now . 
 douglas and duncan could be one and the same person . 
 dinah interrupted her thoughts , ` now that 's uncanny ; you can see the genes running through the generations ; you 're his spitting image douglas . ' 
 jessie caught dinah 's slight nod , the silent message in her eyes . 
 she too realized the close resemblance to the portrait in the locket . 
 later , they would have a lot to talk about . 
 nat laughed , ` nothing like me ; i inherited my mother 's genes . ' 
 lucy smiled , thinking he was quite a dish , also a looker but in a different way to douglas , his face more rugged , the hair a dark blonde and hazel eyes to die for . 
 douglas moved towards an oval-shaped canvas on the far wall , his grip tightening on jessie 's shoulder . 
 he felt her slight tremble as she looked up at the portrait , ` oh my god . ' 
 dinah whispered , ` jessie it might as well be you . 
 spooky , ' lucy murmured , ` same green eyes , red hair . ' 
 silently , jessie moved forward her eyes fixed on the gold locket . 
 it had the intertwining spiral of the ancient celts the same pattern as the one as she had in the dresser drawer upstairs . 
 dinah seeing her look at the locket , kept quiet . 
 jessie obviously wanted to keep it a secret . 
 douglas asked , ` so is she anything like your mysterious lady of the lake ? ' 
 jessie bit her lip , ` yes - exact . 
 she 's also the exact image of the woman in my dream . 
 so , it seems i 've inherited the scottish looks ' . 
 she was glad dinah had taken her lead and not mentioned the locket . 
 something was wrong . 
 douglas seemed to be in some kind of conflict , over muriall - but why ? 
 she felt his fingers stroke the back of her neck , felt her immediate responses as ripples of desire streaked through her body . 
 god what a dilemma . 
 he angered her yet she 'd wanted him from the moment they 'd met in the foyer , wanted his hands on her , her skin flushing hot at the mere thought of those lips on hers . 
 douglas took jess 's hand , ` let me show you the younger son maximilian , next in line to the earldom - he was a rake - member of the hell fire club . ' 
 he stopped before the portrait of a young man with a rather cynical expression in the blue eyes , in contrast to duncan 's dark locks and full bottom lip , his hair was a light brown with blond streaks , the lips whiplash thin . 
 jess 's heart quickened . 
 he was the man in the dream hiding behind the trees watching the lovers . 
 but , after the peculiar conversation in the bar , she was not going to mention it . 
 studying the fashionable frockcoat , the striped vest and pantaloons , jess said , ` he looks like he 's got a mean streak . 
 there 's no softness about him is there ? ' 
 douglas shook his head , ` quite a nasty specimen , gambling - dueling . 
 according to my solicitor , he was a member of the hell fire club - satanism . 
 but come and see the sister , margaret . ' 
 jess looked up into the mellow blue eyes of young woman with blonde ringlets , posing in a low cut dress of blue satin with lace trims . '' 
 she 's lovely - so different from muriall . 
 she looks gentle whereas muriall has a kind of wild energy about her . ' 
 he then showed her the rather imposing portrait of duncan 's father , the former earl in full regimental dress and the countess , with a beautiful milk white skin and dark ringlets , a dainty king charles spaniel nestling in the dark satins of her skirt . 
 scowling at the earl , douglas said , ` he was a bastard - showed no mercy to his tenants , so i hear . ' 
 he decided to withhold the rest of the earl 's history ; it was too morbid and would spoil the lightness of the mood . 
 taking her hand in his , he said , ` anyway , changing the subject let me search your room for you . 
 it will set my mind at rest as well as yours . 
 i promise i wo n't make a move on you . ' 
 jess dimpled and laughed , half wishing he would . 
 dinah put her arm around jess 's shoulders . 
 ` i 'll stay with you tonight . ' 
 feeling douglas 's hand squeeze hers , jess dimpled . ' 
 i think i 'll be okay now di ' . 
 you get a good night 's sleep . ' 
 ` are you sure honey ? 
 i really do n't mind . ' 
 she felt his eyes on her . 
 ` quite sure . ' 
 chapter 19 jess spoke hesitantly , ` it 's good of you to check the room , but honestly , i feel a bit stupid now . 
 it was after all only a dream . 
 i panicked at the thought of an exorcism being carried out - shades of the exorcist . 
 i 'm scared stiff of seeing any ghosts . ' 
 the room looked innocent , the lights enhancing the blue silk covered walls , the gilt on the chairs glinting . 
 douglas smiled . 
 ` you had every right to be frightened - especially with lucy talking about the exorcism ; it would scare anyone . ' 
 ` come in - sorry i have n't unpacked properly yet . ' 
 she gasped , as douglas caught hold of her arm swinging her round to him . 
 he bent , brushing her lips , his hands stroking her back , pulling her closer . 
 her mouth opened to the soft tip of his tongue , her body quivering as she felt the hardness of him , the thigh muscles tensing against her . 
 hearing her soft groan , his arms tightened around her , his tongue tasting the sweetness of her mouth , as he swiftly unzipped the back of her dress . 
 she pulled back , lightly slapping his shoulder . 
 ` hey this is a bit fast . ' 
 he loosed her immediately unrepentant , and stood back running his fingers through her tangled curls . 
 ` i 've wanted to do that since i first saw you . 
 god you 're beautiful . ' 
 jess grinned , ' i thought you came to search the room . 
 so , if you 'd zip me up , i 'll get you a drink , what would you like ? ' 
 before doing so , douglas could not resist stroking the curve of her spine , only to feel her shudder in response . 
 ` oh god , do n't do that . 
 i 'm trying to resist you . ' 
 douglas laughed , ` so i 've found your weak spot . 
 i 'll know what to do next time . ' 
 going to the drinks ' cabinet she said , ` brandy ? ' 
 ` yeah , thank you . ' 
 he walked through to the sitting room his eyes glancing over to the escritoire . 
 she 'd obviously been working on it , as the lid was down with her laptop resting on top . 
 beside it were some papers and a jewelled parker pen . 
 although the priest had been quite insistent that it was haunted , it looked innocent enough especially with the addition of a computer . 
 how could an inanimate object have any powers or influence ? 
 he did n't believe in that nonsense anyway . 
 jess interrupted his thoughts as she handed him the brandy . 
 to his disappointment , she sat in one of the chairs to the side of him . 
 ` it 's good of you to be so concerned douglas . 
 it 's just i 've always had this horror of physically seeing a ghost . 
 the dream i could cope with , but not the idea of an exorcism . ' 
 ` so tell me more about the dream . ' ' 
 i do n't know about that , you seem so touchy on the subject of muriall and duncan . ' ' 
 i promise i wo n't be . 
 it 's just there are a few things i have n't explained - personal things . 
 but , go on tell me . ' 
 she sipped at the brandy . 
 ` do you really want to know ? ' 
 ` of course . 
 i 've got all night . ' 
 jess grinned , ` you wish . ' 
 douglas sipped the brandy and raised his eyebrows . 
 ` well you get what you wish for . ' 
 ` ouch , what a cliché . ' 
 she decided to recount the route to the small lake that she often took in her dreams . 
 ` the dreams always start in fragments , then it becomes clearer . 
 i 'm walking through trees , there 's a ditch and some kind of open ground . 
 i pass some long haired and very shaggy cows with huge horns , which terrify me , and then i 'm struggling through muddy hassocks ... ' douglas felt the skin on his arms crawl . 
 she had n't been at the manor long enough to scout the grounds . 
 she 'd described exactly , the way to the lake , the trees by the orangery , the ditch in the ha ha , the field , and the boggy ground . 
 his heart quickened , as she said , ` the bank rises some distance from the lake , there are stones and a circle of small rocks nearby . 
 sometimes they would shelter in the hut . 
 duncan built it with stones and mud from the bog - you could say the hut was their love nest . ' 
 she stopped a flush rising up her throat . 
 ` err ... it 's sexy . ' 
 douglas grinned , ` now i am interested . ' 
 even as he joked , his throat felt dry . 
 she was describing his hideaway exactly . 
 ` the lake is surrounded with bulrushes and then clumps of reeds so it 's quite difficult to wade or swim there i should think , although the couple in my dream loved it . 
 they always raced to the willow tree on the other side , but first they had to wade through the bulrushes . 
 it 's always so vivid . 
 i can see it in my mind now , as i talk . 
 the willow tree is huge , hundreds of years old , well at least in my dream . 
 it 's surrounded with silver birch with clumps of rhododendrons , the ancient copper beech trees leading into the forest . ' 
 he said quickly , ` you know , not only have you described somewhere where i go for a bit of privacy and time out , it 's a place that 's difficult to reach so it 's quite deserted . 
 now with you dreaming about the names and that particular spot , it could have been the perfect place for muriall and duncan - seeing as they were lovers . ' 
 ` but , you did tell me about duncan before i had the nap , so i could have just included it . ' 
 ` hmm - one thing that puzzles me . 
 if you 're a psychic artist , why the fear of ghosts ? ' 
 jessie bit her lip . 
 ` it 's alright thinking about it or drawing it , just so long as i do n't see it in the flesh . ' 
 ` yeah i guess that goes for a lot of people . 
 so the psychic art ? 
 have you always had visions of ghosts ? ' 
 ` yes , from a child . 
 i also have premonitions of the future . 
 i used to frighten the family quite a lot as i would draw someone - always with a small angel floating beside them . 
 i would tell my aunt or uncle that the angel was taking this person to heaven . 
 trouble was , they would find out that person had really died and recently . ' 
 ` so , it 's like a gift or something . 
 i do n't want to be rude , jess , but i 'm a skeptic - yet , open minded about it all . 
 have you ever seen anything physically ? ' 
 ` no - thank god , and neither do i want to ' ` but , why do the art if you have this fear surely it would be better not to have anything to do with it ? 
 ` it 's not that easy . 
 the visions will come wherever i am or whatever i am doing . 
 they are spontaneous . 
 generally , it 's through dreams , or inner visions , which i draw or paint . 
 one day i remember clearly , i was on the beach and drew some gravestones in the sand . 
 my aunt asked who they were for , and i said for they were for her and my uncle . 
 as i was often right , they asked how long in the future . 
 they told me i said , `` oh years yet - when i 'm ten . '' 
 i was about six or seven at the time . ' 
 she laughed lightly . 
 ` much to their relief that did not come true . ' 
 douglas laughed with her . 
 ` scary . 
 your aunt and uncle seem nice people . ' 
 really he was wondering why she never mentioned her parents . 
 ` ah yes , well my step-mother was my aunt , my mother 's sister . 
 her name was prissy ; she brought me up along with my uncle who was my aunt 's brother , uncle tim . 
 err ... ' she paused , taking a tight breath . 
 ` my mother died when i was two months old . 
 my father died in a hunting accident when i was three . 
 my aunt moved around a lot you know with the business . 
 she had homes in canada and america . 
 after my aunt died , i moved back to america . 
 i was born there , went to harvard , made lots of friends , so it seemed the right thing to do . 
 i set up a practice with dinah in bedford-stuyvesant . ' 
 ` you 've had it tough . ' 
 looking at the sudden pallor in her cheeks , the stillness of her body , douglas went across to her . 
 kneeling by her side , he took her small hands in his as he said , ` how about you , and i go exploring tomorrow . 
 i 'll show you the lake and bring your bikini and towel ; they say it 's going to be a scorcher . ' 
 ` that would be wonderful . 
 thank you . 
 but look , i 'm beat ; i really do have to go to bed . ' 
 ` sure , i do n't have any pyjamas , but i 'm wearing boxer shorts . '' 
 she giggled . ' 
 i need to sleep . 
 time you left . ' 
 he grinned . 
 ` that 's the furthest thing from my mind . 
 but , look just one thing . '' 
 he rose to his feet lifting her with him . 
 clasping her in his arms , he felt the soft roundness of her breasts , the curved angle of her hip against him . 
 he warily clasped her buttocks pulling her in closer as he nuzzled her neck . 
 ` just an appetizer . ' 
 finding her lips , he pushed his tongue through , flicking the inside of her cheek . 
 god she tasted so sweet . 
 he felt her shudder , her body tense . 
 maybe , there was just the chance that he would be carrying her to the bed . 
 however , her hands gently pushed him away . 
 ` no - let 's take this slowly okay ? ' 
 he growled sexily , as he smiled , ` no it 's not okay , but i can wait . ' 
 he left reluctantly . 
 she was enchanting , intriguing . 
 he tried to lay his suspicions to rest . 
 she was a millionaire , no way did she show any hint of wanting to take over rhonan . 
 she was an idealist committed to her vocation and also deeply passionate about her art . 
 locking the door behind him , jess wandered over to the dressing table , taking out a small silk bundle . 
 carefully peeling away the silk she looked at the blue velvet box aged with yellow and brown spots . 
 lifting the lid she gazed down at the locket , old gold embellished with the same intricate design as the one muriall wore in the portrait . 
 could it be the one ? 
 was this a key to that lost ancestor ? 
 opening the locket she looked at the miniature painting of a young aristocrat , his face fit for any grecian sculpture , the full lower lip , that faintly menacing look . 
 it could be mistaken for douglas in regency dress . 
 from another purse , she took out two fragments of paper tattered and flocked with age ; some of the writing was obliterated . 
 the first a narrow strip held the letters mur ... born october 1792 ... r - the second , female ... mor ... at sea 1811 ... definitely part of a birth certificate , of course , her ancestor morag . 
 that much she did know . 
 it was carefully treasured , handed down from generation to generation . 
 nothing was known of morag 's history before the shack in america . 
 but , she had to find out , after all that was really the purpose of her visit to scotland to find her ancestors . 
 she wanted to feel whole , to be part of something . 
 with the death of both her parents she could never rid herself of feeling so isolated , leading a liminal existence on the edge of society . 
 an awful tiredness crept into in her eyes , spreading to the muscles of her body . 
 what was it ? 
 she 'd slept heavily in the afternoon . 
 maybe she was going down with summer flu or something . 
 leaning forward she examined her eyes in the mirror unaware of a still figure on the balcony watching her through the window . 
 the wraith pressed her face to the glass as she clutched the small bundle to her breast . 
 fighting an almost overwhelming tiredness , jessie tried to undress . 
 stepping out of her dress , she collapsed across the duvet , slipping into kaleidoscopic pieces of dreams , images rising , flying across the screen of her mind . 
 she did not see the figure pass through the window into the room and stop for a few seconds watching her . 
 silently , the woman floated onto the bed settling down by jessie , stretching out a skeletal hand to stroke her bright hair . 
 chapter 20 the countess flavia languidly pushed a stray ringlet from her cheek as she lay on the chaise longue of embroidered blue silk , her small feet encased in heel-less satin shoes , a king charles spaniel snuggling among the muslin folds of her dress . 
 yawning she said , ` muriall you look a wreck as usual , and you smell like a rank reed . 
 why oh why do you insist on bathing in that filthy lake of yours . ' 
 muriall stiffened . 
 that was the first time she 'd complained about the lake . 
 was she suspicious ? 
 had someone spied on them ? 
 but , how could they ? 
 duncan had a special shortcut through the bog . 
 her aunt could not possibly follow ; neither would she instruct a servant to spy on them . 
 the news would spread like wildfire . 
 ` aunt flavia , it 's healthy - i love it . ' 
 ` the stuff of childhood . 
 hmm , well go bathe and dress becomingly ; the earl of whitney will soon be here with his mama to pay you his attentions . 
 i am sure he is going to offer for you . ' 
 ` oh aunt , he 's as limp as a lettuce leaf and equally as boring . ' 
 ` his fortune is not boring , and it is high time you were wed. . 
 what is wrong with you ? 
 he is heir to vast estates . ' 
 ` he is ugly - shorter than me with tiny eyes and no chin . ' 
 ` oh for heaven 's sake girl , good looks wo n't bring you a mansion , maids , dresses and a fine carriage in your drive . 
 you can have your lovers after you marry - just be very discreet . 
 that is the way of it . 
 now bring the face screen over here . 
 that fire is too fierce today , my makeup is dripping . ' 
 muriall looked at the thick paste of lead and beeswax masking the lovely face of the countess . 
 most women in the district used it , as they suffered from bad skin due to the pox , measles or just too rich a diet . 
 it looked quite horrific when the paste started to melt . 
 ` really aunt , i have other aspirations than marriage . 
 i am caught up in helping the tenants . ' ' 
 t is not our affair . ' 
 ` aunt i can not possibly think of marriage with all the suffering going on . 
 i need time to help - and besides i would choose my own husband . 
 i want to marry for love - not wealth . 
 and , i certainly do not wish for lovers after i marry . 
 what a shallow life . 
 no love only lust . ' 
 ` do n't be such a romantic , you have been reading those silly romance novels again . 
 muriall , your marriage will ensure your future - look ; you are a penniless girl . 
 but , because of your beauty you have some serious suitors vying to offer for you . 
 their offers would include a sizeable sum settled on this estate . 
 it would help your uncle and i enormously . 
 now enough . 
 pray bring me the face screen . ' 
 ` for your information aunt i am reading some political essays by the admirable edward ellice ' ` oh for goodness sake girl - stop arguing and fetch me the screen . ' 
 tutting , muriall carried the small oval screen on a carved mahogany stand to the countess , who yawned again , delicately stretching out her hands in front of her ? 
 `` we have those ghastly ladies coming tomorrow to do some stitching . '' 
 ` aunt it is good of you to arrange it . 
 it will help the tenants so much . 
 we must try to ease their suffering . ' ' 
 i know you have a great regard for them muriall , but i do n't want you going near the cottars . 
 god knows what diseases you could pick up . 
 besides you could bring it back to the manor and then where would we be ? ' 
 muriall rejoined with some asperity . 
 ` some of those peasants as you call them are descendents of the scottish chieftains . 
 look at poor robbie mcgregor ; he can trace his ancestry back to domnall breac , king of dairaida . ' 
 ` oh really muriall , not another tirade . 
 that is history ; you can not dwell on the past . ' 
 the countess 's eyes held a faint menace as she said , ` have you heard the news ? 
 duncan met a ravishing girl the other evening , at the drum . 
 i hear he is quite besotted . 
 stood up for every dance with her , even fetched her some ratife and sweetmeats . ' 
 muriall felt her heart leap . 
 ` really , i have not heard of it . 
 who is she ? ' 
 ` the daughter of lord and lady de beauville . 
 they are renting a mansion near the sea renovated in the palladian style , no less . ' 
 ` honestly , all this money flowing like water and our tenants starve . 
 aunt , ca n't you persuade papa to waive the rents ? 
 he 's now talking of evicting them . 
 how can he ? 
 please speak with him . ' 
 ` oh la , you and your good works . 
 the situation will right itself ; you see . 
 now as i was saying , duncan paid such attention to this vision - nearly came to blows with another young blood who sought her attentions . 
 i fear he is smitten . 
 she is of good family , so there could be a match . ' 
 ` what does she look like ? ' 
 the countess narrowed her eyes . 
 ` la , she has the largest cornflower blue eyes and golden hair . 
 she is an aphrodite they say - a vision . 
 tis high time duncan married . 
 she will visit with her grandmamma in london , who quite dotes on her . 
 i am of a mind to send duncan to oversee our house in grosvenor square at the same time . 
 it would be an ideal way for them to meet . 
 you shall see her soon enough . 
 i have invited her here for the stitching with her mama . ' 
 muriall sat down quite abruptly , her stomach tense . 
 surely , he would not betray her ? 
 hot tears threatened to fall as the countess said silkily , ` why muriall , what is the matter ? 
 you look quite affrighted . 
 pray what irks you ? ' 
 pulling out her kerchief , she held it to her cheek , ` just dizzy that 's all . 
 i 'll have to go and lie down . ' ' 
 i will ring for bicks to bring the brandy . ' 
 as the countess rang for the abigail , the door slammed open and duncan strode in , his frockcoat unbuttoned and riding crop at his waist . 
 instantly aware of muriall 's pallor , he almost ran to her . 
 ` muriall darling , what is it ? ' 
 the countess noting his anxiety , the way his arms crept around the girl , said quietly , ' t is the vapours - i have rung for brandy . 
 here give her some vinaigrette . ' 
 taking the sponge from the maid , duncan held it under muriall 's nose . 
 squeezing her eyes at the strong smell of hart 's horn , muriall glared at him . ' 
 i need to go to my room . 
 i would be grateful for your assistance . ' 
 duncan swept her off her feet , hefting her up on his chest he strode from the room calling to the abigail , ` becky come with me , attend your mistress . ' 
 chapter 21 once beyond the withdrawing room muriall imperiously dismissed the maid . 
 watching the girl lift her skirts , bustling away , she whispered to duncan , ` you damn rakehell . ' 
 he gave her a puzzled look . 
 ` what on earth is the matter ? ' 
 ` you know . 
 how dare you . 
 you dog . ' 
 frowning , he looked down at muriall , his black eyebrows knitting together . 
 ` you are surely suffering from the vapours , my love . ' 
 ` bollocks , i am not your love . 
 you are a bastard . 
 treated me like a harlot , a trollop . ' 
 duncan realized she was in earnest . 
 tightening his lips he said , ` we will get to the bottom of this - what 's happened ? ' 
 punching his chest , she said , ` aunt has told me everything . 
 you shit . ' 
 he stiffened ; muriall could out swear him when angry . 
 pushing the door open , he kicked it closed . 
 dumping her on the bed , he stood over her , his arms crossed . 
 ` by god , this is not like you . 
 i can only think you 're out of your wits . ' 
 she struggled up , her bosom swelling with rage . 
 ` out of my wits . 
 who 's the buxom blonde ? 
 i hear you are quite obsessed with her . ' 
 ` what the hell are you talking about ? ' 
 ` the vision with big blue eyes at the drum . 
 the one with whom you have a rendezvous in london . ' 
 ` the vision ? 
 hah - she was with max . 
 he asked me to stand guard , whilst he relieved himself . 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 refuse ? 
 she said she was thirsty , so i fetched her drink and sweetmeats . ' 
 ` and the fight ? ' 
 ` fight ? ' 
 ` you know what i am referring to my lord - the fight over the - the vision . ' 
 growling she yanked his hair . 
 ` ouch . ' 
 ` do n't try and pretend - you fought over her . ' 
 ` oh that ? 
 nothing to do with the chit . 
 a mere scuffle . 
 a miscreant cheated , marked the cards . 
 he had the effrontery to deny it until i held up the evidence . 
 he did not offer his apologies , just up and left the room . 
 he was a waste of time , so i decided to let him go . 
 he is lucky no-one else called him out . ' 
 realizing he was innocent of any flirtatious advances towards the buxom beauty she frowned , ` oh god duncan , i think aunt flavia knows about us . ' 
 ` mama has said nothing to me not even a hint . ' 
 pulling her into his arms , he said huskily , ` now my little vixen , ' i have something for you . ' 
 muriall 's eyes widened , as he handed her a small jewel box covered in eggshell blue velvet . 
 gasping with delight , she took out a solid gold locket on a chain . 
 ` open it , there 's a surprise ... ' muriall cried out in delight , as she gazed at the miniature portrait of duncan . 
 holding her tightly , he murmured , ` wear me close to your heart my little mermaid - read what 's on the back . ' 
 muriall turned it over `` forever united ldr to mm , 1810 . '' 
 hugging her passionately , he said , ` now let 's add the braids for posterity . 
 when we 're old and grey , we can look back on how we used to be . ' 
 she shivered feeling a draught of cold air sweep over her . 
 the threat of the clearances came to mind , that feeling of foreboding . 
 ` god willing we live that long . ' 
 dismissing her foolish fears , she pulled at a ringlet handing him a few red gold strands . 
 taking them from her , he said , ` you 'll never be old to me muriall . 
 searching through his jacket , he pulled out tiny pair of scissors decorated with mother of pearl , ` we need a little more than a few strands . 
 come cut a lock of mine , and i 'll cut yours . ' 
 grinning , muriall clipped a lock of his just behind his ear and handed him the scissors . 
 gently , he took a sizeable curl from her hair . 
 weaving the strands of hair together , she placed them under the delicate glass of the locket . 
 ` there now , duncan , i will treasure it . 
 it will never leave me . 
 it will be a family heirloom - our family . ' 
 again , a rush of despair swept over her . 
 ` duncan , if i should die would you marry another - would you give this locket to her ? ' 
 duncan caught her feelings - dark - morbid . 
 ` darling i could not live if anything happened to you - i 'd jump in the ruddy lake ? ' 
 ` do n't say that - do n't ? ' ' 
 t is true - what is life without you ? 
 you are my life . 
 soon you will be my wife . ' 
 again , the air seemed to close in on her , sucking away her breath as she held him close in her arms , stroking the black curls falling on his shoulder . 
 he sat up . 
 ` come let me put it on . 
 i have already told mama that it is for your birthday , so you can wear it freely . ' 
 the smile left muriall 's face , her eyes becoming a denser shade of green as she said , ` we must be careful , like i said , i think she knows . 
 i fear uncle 's wrath . 
 if he should find out ... ' duncan stroked the back of her slender neck , `` there is nothing father can do . 
 he is too dependent upon me . 
 as you know , when i took over the estates , he was deeply in debt . 
 it will take me years to reach solvency . ' ' 
 i fear his anger . 
 sometimes i have this awful feeling - like some dark winged presence hovers over us waiting to pounce . ' 
 *** downstairs , the countess paced the room . 
 so , tom the groom had not been lying . 
 silly child . 
 silly beautiful girl . 
 the earl would never countenance this misalliance . 
 for sure , she was not of their blood , but society would not accept such a marriage . 
 it was akin to incest . 
 the quality demanded a flawless liaison untainted by the slightest suspicion of nefarious suggestions . 
 as their ward , muriall was accepted in polite society , her past as the love child of the earl 's sister-in-law obliterated . 
 they made it known that she was a distant relation , the orphaned child of a monsignor owner of a chateau on a small estate whose dispute over cards , ended in a fatal duel . 
 she sighed ; she loved this headstrong girl , with all her heart , would do everything she could to ensure her happiness , but this was too much . 
 the good name of the earl could not be besmirched , could not be the subject of gossip or suspicion in the gaming rooms . 
 besides , it would also mar meg 's chances of a suitable match . 
 chapter 22 present day jess stood under a jet of tepid water , massaging shampoo through hair , hanging in scarlet tendrils to her waist . 
 she 'd woken up half-dressed to the sun streaming on her face . 
 what in god 's name was happening ? 
 again , she 'd experienced that lethal tiredness only to wake hours later from a dream that felt more like a trance state . 
 it had to be ; in the dream , she was fully lucid . 
 was it a haunting ? 
 was muriall possessing her or was it maybe a past life ? 
 but , why was she experiencing them ? 
 what was the purpose ? 
 had he been flirting at the drum ? 
 the countess was a right bitch . 
 towelling her hair in the bedroom , she made up her mind not to tell douglas about this latest dream . 
 after all , he did n't really believe in it so it would n't be fair to push it . 
 wrapping herself up in a soft robe with a towel on her head , she went to the writing desk . 
 the inner vision she had first of the young woman writing at the desk was now clearer . 
 after seeing the portrait , she could identity her . 
 it was muriall . 
 she shivered , her skin crawling . 
 looking around the room , it looked so innocent , so fresh , in the morning light , but was it haunted ? 
 would muriall manifest ? 
 god she hoped not . 
 she would die of fear . 
 maybe she should ask for another room ? 
 but she had only spent one night in it . 
 he would think she was unbalanced , and it would put him off . 
 her stomach clenched as she pictured the lean angles of his face , startling blue eyes framed in black lashes , those broad shoulders and soft large hands . 
 she felt again those hands stroking her back , his tongue in her mouth . 
 god he was a fast mover . 
 was she ready for that passion ? 
 alternatively , would he think her too easy ? 
 all she knew was her body was on fire for him . 
 it almost frightened her . 
 douglas could seduce with just one flash of those incredible eyes . 
 *** jessie was glad of the sloppy sun hat , the wide brim shading her face , the cool tank top and mini denim shorts ideal for the weather . 
 underneath she wore a scarlet bikini . 
 the emerald one was too sexy . 
 douglas was raunchy enough without turning him on with a skimpy string top and thong . 
 he strode along by her side , dressed in an unbuttoned pale blue shirt and jeans with a slick leather belt . 
 she felt herself responding to the black bristles on his chest and toned torso . 
 he had automatically held her hand whilst carrying a picnic basket with towels slung around his neck . 
 passing the glass framed building on their left , he said , ` the orangery was built in around eighteen hundred . 
 they were all the rage then . 
 they actually grew pineapples and oranges there along with some exotic flowers . ' 
 ` hmm . 
 it 's huge . ' 
 they had plenty of money , squandered it really . 
 now watch your head , we 'll cut through these trees . 
 that 'll bring us out on the ha ha . 
 ` the ha ha ? 
 never heard of that before . ' 
 ` in the large estates , they kept sheep or cattle that fed on the grounds , so they put them in fields some distance from the manor , the ditch was to keep them from wandering on to the lawns and gardens of the house . 
 sometimes it was used as a deer leap as well . ' ' 
 i shall have to remember that - makes for a great conversation piece . ' 
 ` uh uh , watch your step now ' he helped her climb down into the ditch , catching her in strong arms , holding her close as he nuzzled her neck and nipped her ear . 
 laughing she struggled , but gave into a deep kiss . 
 she felt her stomach ripple in response , as his tongue met hers . 
 laughing he almost carried her up the ditch . 
 she froze as she reached the top . 
 ` they 're not cows . 
 they 're bison . ' 
 ` yep . 
 do n't worry we 'll skirt along here ; it will bring us out onto the path . ' 
 she clutched his hand out of fear . 
 could one of those great beasts make a run at them , topple down the ditch after them ? 
 ` no i ca n't . 
 i just ca n't go near them . ' 
 ` it 's okay ; we 're going through this electrified gate ; it will take us to the bog . ' 
 so this was his idea of a romantic afternoon ? 
 seeing her startled look he said , ` do n't worry i know the path . ' 
 she laughed , ` in my dream ; i was really getting sucked into the mud . ' 
 ` follow behind , it 's not very wide , but it 's dry . 
 walking behind him , she looked down to see her sneakers covered in mud . 
 so much for a dry path . 
 douglas trudged on ahead oblivious of her slipping and slithering behind him . 
 she frowned as she called out ` so you call this dry ? ' 
 he shouted back , ` you 'll get used to scotland . 
 it 's a wet land , but beautiful . 
 ah here we are - the lake . ' 
 as jess caught up with him , she felt reality slipping away . 
 ` i 've been here in my dreams for so many years . ' 
 she said , ' i can hardly believe it . 
 the grassy bank , the minute sandy beach , the bulrushes , reeds , everything is the same . 
 all i need now is for duncan and muriall to appear . ' 
 as she gazed , reality merged with dream . 
 she felt cold , lost . 
 catching her mood , douglas caught her to him , ` it must be quite a shock to dream of something and then find it 's real . 
 come on , have something to drink . ' 
 laying out the blanket on the bank , he opened the picnic box handing her a cold bottle . 
 jess took it gratefully holding the icy glass to her forehead . 
 he seemed much more relaxed when talking about the two dream lovers . 
 ` truth is jess ; i 've got a thing about water - lakes . 
 okay to look at , but not to go in . ' 
 realizing he felt awkward , that perhaps he had a phobia of water , she said nothing but began peeling off her top and pulling off the denim shorts . 
 douglas whistled as he gazed at the slender figure with the full breasts held up by a band of scarlet silk , it was evident she 'd had a bikini line strip . 
 god , he felt his arousal immediately , aware it would make its presence known in seconds . 
 he was thankful he had the towel in his lap . 
 christ if he did n't have the damn phobia , he 'd be running into the cold water right now . 
 jess aware of his reaction smiled inwardly . 
 turning sideways to him , she nonchalantly walked to the bulrushes . 
 douglas watched her pick her way through them , parting the tall reeds to dip her toe in the water . 
 he heard her shout , ` god it 's freezing . ' 
 jess waded further until the freezing water reached her thighs . 
 taking a deep breath , she plunged forward her arms stroking through the water . 
 she felt the sun on her back warming her , the water feeling quite temperate . 
 it was glorious . 
 the only thing missing was him by her side . 
 she 'd even had the wicked idea they could have played out here , touching , grabbing , kissing , wrapping her legs around his waist , her fingers playing with the dark hairs bristling on his chest . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 he definitely feared the water . 
 was it a phobia ? 
 had he nearly drowned before ? 
 had someone near to him drowned ? 
 alternatively , was there a boating accident ? 
 swimming to the centre of the lake , she floated on her back watching a humming bird fly overhead , its green feathers sparkling , the long blue beak iridescent in the sun . 
 her thoughts returned to douglas ; it must be a phobia . 
 but , it could n't be . 
 he said he loved coming to the lake , spent his time chilling out here . 
 anything to do with lakes should be an anathema to him ; even a picture or talking about one would arouse symptoms of panic . 
 it was strange . 
 if it was a phobia , then it was a nasty one , a primeval fear , a fear that could lead to psychotic states . 
 would he talk to her about it ? 
 chapter 23 douglas wanted to join her , but the damn phobia stopped him . 
 he knew the panic would hit like a canon ball exploding on site . 
 first paralysis , then fixed eyes , the fight for breath , knees buckling . 
 oh yes , with more to come , sweat pouring from his forehead , stuttering when he tried to speak . 
 he felt and looked like an idiot . 
 she was a psychologist okay , but would she want an affair with a candidate for a locked ward ? 
 anyone who 's suffered a panic attack will remember that first time it happened . 
 it hits without warning , no prior twinges , fears . 
 the victim could be in a restaurant just about to pick up their knife and fork , or at the checkout , starting up the car , about to take a dive into a swimming pool ; anywhere . 
 then the game begins , hiding it , not allowing anyone to see the symptoms , avoiding places or things where it might erupt like vesuvius vomiting lava on unsuspecting villages . 
 trouble is with this game , there are only two players , the panic attack and the victim . 
 people even think of their panic as a living entity that attacks with claws and teeth , without mercy . 
 only nat understood the depths of his panic , his terror of putting his foot into a lake . 
 it was like asking someone with a fear of heights to walk near the edge of a cliff , or someone with claustrophobia to crawl through collapsing caves . 
 this was the only lake where he felt safe . 
 nat said it could be because the bulrushes hid the water , or maybe because the bank was so far away from the edge , whatever it was ; he had this sense of belonging , security , even peace . 
 nowadays , the thought of walking into a lake could bring on the first stirrings of the panic attack ; that 's when he had to move quickly . 
 he could n't let her know . 
 he wanted to be in her bed , not on her therapy couch . 
 douglas caught his breath as she walked through the bulrushes , looking like a pre-raphaelite water sprite , the strands of scarlet hair glistening on wet skin , beads of water dripping down long thighs . 
 picking up a towel , he waited for her , draping the towel around her shoulders , rubbing her back and arms . 
 twisting her round to face him , his fingers swiftly untied the thin strip of silk covering the rounded curves . 
 as jess gasped , he picked her up and took her to the bank and the blanket . 
 as he laid her down he said , ' i wish this was a bed of silk and satins , for that is what you deserve . ' 
 ` you sound like a poet . ' 
 ` at times like this i wish i was . 
 i struggle for words to describe you , your skin as soft as a rose petal , your hair like liquid rubies , your figure a grecian aphrodite . 
 that 's just about as much as i can manage . ' 
 she looked at him , his naked upper body , like a painting of an italian god ; the chiselled features lightly beaded with perspiration , his hair blue black in the sun . 
 how could she resist him ? 
 she quivered as his hands stroked and massaged , her breath quickening , as she saw the craving in those electric blue eyes . 
 responding , she pushed into his body , curves flowing into angles as he stroked her back , his hand sliding down to her buttocks pulling her towards him . 
 she wriggled nearer , playing with the wet locks of ebony hair curling on his shoulders . 
 her hands followed the bulge of his arm muscles ; iron hard , whilst her fingers pulled lightly at the black curls on the broad chest , his nipples hard to her touch . 
 he brushed aside the trailing red locks , to kiss her slender neck , nipping at her ears until she squealed . 
 finding her mouth , he tasted the honey sweetness , smelling the lavender , her favourite flower . 
 her blood thudded in her head ; she wanted this , but it was too soon ; she 'd never had sex with anyone on the first date ; he 'd think she was fast and loose . 
 drawing away from him , she whispered , ` too soon - let 's take this -- ' his lips covered her protests , his strong hands drawing her into him ; she felt the hardness of his pecs against her breasts , the soft brush of his hair . 
 she shuddered as his lips now found her nipple hardening to his touch . 
 groaning , she gave in , what the hell , he was gorgeous ; it was hot , and she wanted him . 
 her hands went to his back , her nails slightly raking the hard flesh . 
 she heard his gasp , ` darling - i want you - so bad . ' 
 he returned to her nipples , now drawing one into his mouth , his tongue flicking around the aureole . 
 his hands ground the flesh at her waist , before travelling down to her buttocks , massaging , drawing her to his hardness . 
 she responded arching towards him ; she felt his knee between her legs widening them as he lowered himself on her . 
 lifting himself on his hands his tongue licked and flicked down from breasts to the navel tickling and teasing , before going lower . 
 she was lost - lost to everything but his tongue , his hands , her need to have him inside her , to feel the long shaft penetrate . 
 douglas gazed down at her quivering body , at the moist lips , the hardened nipples . 
 he wanted her right there and then but he wanted to please her , to bring her to the edge of ecstasy before penetrating . 
 his fingers moved slowly to soft triangle of curls slipping inside velvet folds . 
 finding the nub he stroked gently quickening his pace , rising to kiss her lips . 
 urgently , she pulled him back down , her sighs and gasps driving him insane , he wanted her - body and soul . 
 feeling her stiffen , he touched her with the tip of his member , saw her lift those curving hips to him . 
 no longer able to withstand it , he growled , penetrating , his shaft filling her . 
 moving rhythmically he lifted her buttocks towards him , penetrating deeper pushing against her . 
 her legs locked around him , her inner muscles clenching , holding him tight . 
 hearing her cry out , he moved faster , lost in her , in her beauty , her love as he took her to ecstasy . 
 laying her head on his chest , jess 's eyes closed feeling the warmth of the sun on her face , his arm gently holding her . 
 closing her eyes , she nuzzled nearer as sleep overtook her . 
 she awakened to something tickling the sole of her foot , opening her eyes ; she saw him kneeling on the blanket beside a picnic basket . 
 ` okay my little mermaid - food . 
 let 's eat . ' 
 sitting up , she smiled grinned watching him setting out chicken infused with thyme and sage , king prawns in a light marie rose sauce , fresh lettuce with chopped tomatoes , cucumber and the scent of coriander . 
 bringing out a small bottle of champagne from the ice box he said , ` let 's celebrate . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` us - now i know i 've captured a siren , a mermaid . ' 
 grinning , he winked mischievously . 
 for a moment jess caught her breath - mermaid ? 
 was n't that what duncan called muriall ? 
 shrugging she let it go . 
 she could n't keep dwelling on it . 
 as jessie bit down on a slice of chicken , she said , ` do n't you swim at all ? ' 
 ` no , i have a thing about water ; i 'm okay swimming in the sea but for some reason , i ca n't stand lakes . ' 
 ` have you ever tried ? ' 
 ` nope , anyway forget it . 
 let 's enjoy the meal . ' 
 jess remained silent . 
 he obviously was not happy talking about it . 
 treading back through the bog , her body tingling from his attentions , jessie did n't mind the mud spattered sneakers . 
 his whispers flooded her mind , especially as he murmured ; they should do it again soon . 
 as she clutched her bag , she remembered the locket . 
 would it be a good time to tell him ? 
 why not ? 
 after all , one of the reasons she was here was to find her ancestors , her origins - one of prissy 's ambitions , before death took her so cruelly . 
 she 'd often talked about coming to scotland to search for the ancestors , but they 'd never known where to start . 
 all prissy had were the two scraps of paper , both water stained with most of the writing obliterated . 
 as they passed the orangery , jess saw a wooden seat nestling between syringa bushes still sweet scented although no longer in bloom . 
 ` douglas , d'you mind if we sit for a moment ? 
 i have something to show you . ' 
 for some reason , she felt nervous even as he hugged her close when they sat . 
 taking the fragments of paper from her purse , she said , ` one of the reasons i came over here was because i wanted to search for my ancestors . 
 we know that my ancestor lived in a shack in america , actually built a lodging house for the lumberjacks . 
 her name was morag , but that 's as far back as we can trace . 
 sadly , all she had were these two scraps of papers . 
 one story is that they were given to her by the ship 's doctor . 
 but , there 's no way we can trace that . 
 there were so many ships , so many lost at sea . 
 it 's a shame really as it was prissy 's dream . 
 and then there 's this . 
 she handed him the velvet bundle containing the locket . 
 it 's only small , no value , but to us , it 's a family heirloom . ' 
 douglas examined the two scraps of paper ` what a shame , the water 's almost dissolved the ink . 
 i can see mur ... could be muriall and yes the ` r ' could stand for rhonan . 
 i have n't heard many names starting with mur ... might be able to track it down . ' 
 lifting the locket from the velvet pad he said , ` this is quite beautiful . 
 turning it over , he read out the inscription on the back ` forever united ldr to mm 1810 . ' 
 jess said , ` open it . ' 
 she held her breath . 
 surely , he would recognize himself ? ' 
 douglas felt his body tighten a slow buzz in his head ; the portrait was him , and dammit there was no mistaking the looks . 
 ` good god , so these are over two hundred years old . ' 
 he examined the gold , then looked down at the inscription once more . 
 ` the letters could stand for lord duncan to muriall something or other . ' 
 jess pursed her lips smiling impishly . 
 she was so excited . 
 ` exactly . 
 look at the two braids of hair , one black the other red . 
 i know they 're dusty and faded , but it does point to -- ' ` is this a trick ? ' 
 douglas 's tones razed her ears like sharpened steel ` when did you paint this portrait ? 
 last week ? 
 how many of these do you think i 've been presented with - too many . 
 ever since i inherited the hotel i 've had these bloody people claiming to be the true heir of rhonan . 
 every damn fraudster produces one . 
 as for the locket , it 's hardly tarnished to be such an age . 
 jess why have you done this ? 
 you 're breaking my heart . 
 do n't tell me this is a fraud ? 
 really , what do you take me for ? ' 
 jess felt her heart pumping in her head . 
 ` douglas what are you saying ? ' 
 ` you know ... why do you need rhonan ? 
 you have an empire ; hotels strung across the world . 
 why rhonan ? 
 you are making out you 're the lost heir are n't you . 
 i 've seen so many of these bloody portraits all claiming to be of duncan . 
 it makes me sick ? ' 
 ` douglas what 's wrong - why are you so angry ? ' 
 ` angry ? 
 too right i 'm bloody angry . 
 so many fraudsters creep along with so bits of birth certificates , bits of marriage certificates , bits of hair ; even old dolls with messages sewn into them . 
 every trick in the trade - dresses - shoes . 
 lying through their bloody teeth . 
 how could you do this ? 
 i 've fallen in love with you for christ 's sake . 
 how could you ? ' 
 he stopped , his jaw bunching into a white knot as he gazed at her beautiful face , the skin blanching , her mouth open . 
 pushing the papers and locket into her hands , he said , ` tell me it 's not true jess - tell me you 're joking - i ca n't take this . 
 i stand to lose everything jess , the hotel but most of all my daughter . ' 
 he punched the wooden seat with his fist making her jump , winced as he punched it again , drawing blood . 
 jess watched as he jumped up , the blood seeping from his knuckles , watched him walk away , her heart juddering , breaking . 
 leaping up , she threw the papers and locket in her bag , the tears stinging her eyes , spilling , burning her cheeks . 
 he 'd ripped her heart out - the bastard . 
 chapter 24 rhonan , north west scotland . 
 1810 the sea swelled and retreated like the bosom of a morose woman . 
 reining in the horses , duncan watched muriall and meg clamber up to a shack in dunes over thirty feet high . 
 as usual , muriall insisted on her breeches and frock coat , only red hair tangling to her waist gave away her sex . 
 had she any idea of the danger she was in ? 
 she could be a vixen at times . 
 furious that he insisted on escorting her , she 'd left him with words sharper than sleet . 
 ` i 'm sick of your damn face , will you stop following me around . ' 
 she matched him in swordplay , temper and in bed , but in these perilous times , he would tolerate no argument . 
 high in the sandy slopes , an old man gnarled with age , crept from the shack , hunger gnawing flesh from his bones , spittle brown from tobacco , drooling from a toothless mouth . 
 stumbling after him , a hag with dirt brown skirts torn and filthy , hair wild and white about her shoulders screeched at the two women . ' 
 t is too dangerous for you to be here come in quickly . ' 
 as muriall went to hug the man , he shuffled back crying , ` do n't be coming near me , i stink of the sickness . 
 all we have left is rotting seaweed and nettles . 
 wailing , the old woman pulled her soiled apron over her face . 
 ` the master has forced the people to clear the land . 
 now the sidhe is angry with us ; we are cursed muriall - cursed . 
 they are destroying the fairy forts ; nothing is left for them . ' 
 although professing to be devout catholics , they still worshipped the old gods , holding them in deep respect and fear . 
 holding on to their scrawny arms , muriall guided the two elderly people into the mud shack . 
 meg her stepsister followed trying not to retch from the stench within the windowless interior . 
 she said , ` we 've brought you some food and warm clothes . 
 i see you 've pawned the chairs . ' 
 muriall shook her head . ' 
 i 'm so sorry - so ashamed of the earl allowing this to happen . 
 but now , nathrach , come try the clothes on . ' 
 with bowed shoulders shaking from the bitter wind driving off the sea , the old man shrugged on the tweed jacket whilst ena retired behind a ragged curtain . 
 she emerged lifting a hem of burgundy wool . 
 ` to be sure tis meself is the lady now . ' 
 she tried to smile through the blackened stumps of teeth . 
 muriall stemmed her tears as she watched the old couple unwrap the fresh food , slices of cooked ham , chicken thighs , hard-boiled eggs and soft white rolls and curls of freshly churned butter . 
 ` och muriall , you and your dear sister are so good to us ; without you , we would be dying now . ' 
 ena 's black eyes peered out of rolls of crinkled skin . 
 ` we canna live on seaweed all the time . 
 nathrach here had to walk miles to find something we could eat , but he came back with nothing . ' 
 nathrach stopped chewing on a piece of ham as he said , ` aye . 
 the kelpers strip the sea bare , taking all the seaweed . 
 there is none for us to sell . 
 we are finished - without you , we would walk into the sea ' ` hush now dear nathrach . 
 once you saved my life . 
 i will not leave you now . ' 
 impulsively she quickly kissed his cheek . 
 ` do n't go sharing it . 
 i know it 's hard but you have to live . 
 i ca n't come every day . 
 it has to last . ' 
 however , muriall knew that the old couple would share the last morsel with their neighbours or anyone who entered the old shack . 
 standing at the water 's edge , duncan looking up the beach , noticed the fluttering tatters of a figure shambling towards him , knees bent outwards , shoulders hunched . 
 as it drew closer , he observed it was a young man , the eyes almost slanting in the skeletal face . 
 speaking in the gaelic , he said , ` master , yerself must have this . ' 
 the man drew a tattered parchment from the folds of dirty clothing . 
 duncan 's stomach tightened as he read the ominous words scrawled in what appeared to be dried blood . 
 ` ye are destroying our homes and now ye take the very food from the hungry mouths of our babes . 
 death to the devil who forced us from our heritage , our land . 
 death to the devil who has driven us into the very sea . 
 death will visit the house of rhonan . ' 
 black eyebrows beetling together , duncan 's eyes took on the colour of a winter sea . 
 the group was serious . 
 this was no longer the wild and rugged land of mountain and loch , of proud chieftain and loyal clan . 
 it was as if hell had descended to earth and seized the very heart of man in talons of tin , squeezing out the last drop of blood . 
 he knew there was n't any point in giving the fellow money ; bartering seemed to be the only method of exchange these days . 
 he plucked out a gold pin from his lapel . 
 ` here take this and buy food for you and your family . ' 
 bowing in a dignified manner , the starving man shambled away . 
 grimacing duncan vowed he would fight for the tenants on the large estates , these highland warriors and their families , dragged from their beds without warning , their homes burnt over their heads even as they struggled to dress , to snatch a few precious belongings . 
 it was a wretched business - starving tenants , now this death threat . 
 his father must be brought to heel . 
 he had to help them , had to ensure the earl did not drive the tenants from rhonan to starve . 
 chapter 25 present day - grief scrabbling in her bag for her sunglasses , jess slipped them on . 
 she kept her head down hoping she would n't meet anyone . 
 she needed to get to her room fast , to shut the door on everything and everyone . 
 she felt someone grab her arm . 
 she stiffened ; surely , he had n't come back ? 
 she felt a rush of rage and then a surge of disappointment , as she heard dinah 's voice . 
 ` for god 's sake jess what 's up ? ' 
 as her cousin hugged her , jess said , ' i ca n't talk . 
 i just ca n't ... ' ` come on let 's get you upstairs . ' 
 she did n't want dinah with her , could n't face anyone seeing her like this . 
 ` i 'm okay ; i just need to be alone right now . ' 
 ` do you think i 'd leave you like this ? 
 come on . ' 
 once inside the mermaid suite , dinah went to the drinks ' cabinet . 
 pouring a good measure of brandy , she handed it jess . 
 ` come on , get that down you . 
 what on earth has happened ? ' 
 sipping the brandy , jess felt it sting her throat , warm her stomach . 
 ` come on jess , what 's happened ? ' 
 ` it 's a mess dinah , a mess . ' 
 there were no secrets between them , jess let out the events of the afternoon , the laughter , kisses , the swim , the love that ended in horror . 
 dinah crossed her arms angrily , ` how the hell could he do that . 
 as if you 're bloody well interested in his hotel , god you could buy this place with the petty cash . ' 
 ` it was the way he said it . 
 so cold , accusing me of being a fraud , telling me he loved me and then walking away . ' 
 ` some love that is - kicking you in the teeth . ' 
 ` it 's over before it 's even begun . 
 i just feel rotten . 
 i 've never done that before di ' , met a guy and then slept with him on the first date . 
 now i feel awful . ' 
 ` maybe he 's got a hang up about this hotel . 
 maybe he 's in debt or something . ' 
 ` he 's got hang ups alright . 
 i knew something was wrong when we first got there . 
 some phobia about water i think . ' 
 jess bit her lip , putting the brandy glass back down on the table . 
 ` di we had a great time . 
 we were so close , so soon , and then he went and tore me to shreds . ' 
 ` sadist - ca n't trust some of these guys . 
 maybe when you 've both cooled down , you could talk ? ' 
 ` no . 
 i 'm not a bloody masochist . 
 i never want to see that bastard again . 
 if i did i 'd hit him . ' 
 dinah raised her eyebrows , when jess got mad , she got physical . 
 she remembered when jess slapped a guy in public . 
 but then nigel was such a bastard . 
 not only did he have affairs with jess 's so-called friends ; he 'd also taken her money . 
 pete was the only one who wanted her for herself . 
 shame they split up . ' 
 i just want to leave dinah . 
 i ca n't stay here , not after this . ' 
 dinah felt pebbles slither in her stomach . 
 ` leave ? ' 
 visions of george surfaced , his body hard against her , his tongue in her mouth . 
 ` are you sure ? ' 
 jess caught the quiver in dinah 's voice . 
 immediately , she realized - george . 
 it would be hard on dinah if they left . 
 she seemed to be getting close to the guy . 
 ` it 's george is n't it ? ' 
 dinah bit her lip . 
 jess said quickly , ' i ca n't stay here di . 
 you can if you like , i 'll just move to somewhere close . ' ' 
 i really like him jess , well more than like . 
 but i 'll come with you . 
 george and i can still get together . '' 
 ` look you stay here really . 
 i 'll book a suite at the merton hotel . 
 but then ... ' ` what ? ' 
 ` i 've just remembered daisy 's coming in a few days . 
 i do n't know if the merton accepts dogs . 
 oh god what a mess . ' 
 ` you do n't have to see the guy jess . 
 i mean he 's caught up most of the time . 
 look , why do n't you have a nap , freshen up and come with me to george 's class this evening ? 
 it will brighten you up . ' 
 she frowned ; george was waiting for her to go boating on the lake . 
 but , she could n't leave jess like this . 
 he would just have to wait . 
 he was an easy-going guy he 'd understand . 
 ` no , thanks di , but i could n't face it . 
 i 'll just hang around here for a while - get some rest . ' 
 ` honey are you sure ? ' 
 ` yeah , i 'm just going to shower and then lie on the bed for a while . ' 
 as dinah left she said , ' i just hope i do n't meet the guy - i 'll have a few choice words to say to him . ' 
 the shower blended with her tears , as powerful jets expunged the fetid aromas of the lake . 
 it promised to be the perfect love affair , but now it gurgled away at her feet . 
 putting on the towelling robe , the softness comforted , as she walked to the windows , pulling the curtains together to block out the late afternoon sun . 
 as she walked to the bed , jess did not see the ghostly figure walk behind her . 
 jess felt her chest heave , as douglas 's face captured her mind , the gleam in his eyes , the soft laugh as he pulled her to him . 
 weeping she buried her head in the pillow , unaware of the figure standing at the foot of her bed , unaware of crying herself to sleep she drifted to another century , to muriall . 
 donning a silken robe from a warm linen nightrail , muriall went to the escritoire . 
 just time to write a few notes to brianna before retiring . 
 although she did not have good news to impart at least she could share her misgivings with her sister . 
 although not related , they were closer in spirit than blood sisters . 
 growing up together , they shared many a childhood secret , many a girlish dream . 
 the quill raced across parchment ; she loved the smell of fresh parchment , the slight acidic odour of the ink . 
 musing , she wrote of duncan 's plans to attend a meeting of the lords to plan a defence of the tenant farmers . 
 as her quill sped across the page , she did not hear the door opening , or soft feet padding across the deep pile of the carpet until hands grasped her from behind practically lifting her from the chair . 
 gasping she turned her head to see the gloating features of max . 
 chapter 26 looking at her hated persecutor , muriall hissed , ` what the hell do you think you are doing ? 
 get out now . ' 
 maximillian 's rejoinder was a fierce grin , as he held her down in the chair . ' 
 i think we have some serious talking to -- ' ' i think not - either you leave now , or i shall -- ' ` shall what - tell your precious duncan ? 
 forget not that your father died in a duel - it can be so arranged for your lover . 
 so hear me out . ' 
 muriall 's hand slid to the small drawer in the escritoire . ' 
 i have nothing to say to you - you swine . 
 if uncle even thought you -- ' ` so how would you explain my presence my sweet ? 
 how would you explain your secret trysts with my brother ? 
 one word from me , and you would be banished to stay with a distant aunt . 
 but in return for your favours , i am willing to remain silent . ' 
 ` my favours ? 
 begone . 
 begone before i -- ' she whipped around the dagger now in her hand . 
 startled he stepped back . 
 ` now , what a pretty sight . 
 put it down muriall - let us discuss this amicably - i do not wish to use force . ' 
 ` just try it . ' 
 she now rose to her feet facing him , the dagger before her , her body tensed to spring . 
 putting his hands up , he said , ` then i shall repair to the earl and to my mother . 
 you leave me no choice . 
 i will -- ' a voice said from the shadows , ` you will what ? ' 
 max whipped around to see duncan emerge from a door beside the bed . 
 ` if you so much as say a word to the earl or our mother , i will tear your head off - so do n't tempt me . ' 
 max paled , seeing his brother draw his sabre from its scabbard , the steel glittering in the candlelight . 
 as he backed away duncan said , ` you do realize that i manage the affairs of the estate . 
 i decide what is paid . 
 any funding is under my jurisdiction . 
 father is frail - in his dotage . 
 besides that , he is failing fast . 
 so think carefully now , last week alone i met your billets for over four thousand pounds . 
 on that note , i should warn you that i shall not meet such exorbitant amounts in future . 
 so be very wary of what you threaten brother . ' 
 max sneered . 
 ` so you think father will allow this chit to become your mistress - that he will allow you to ravage her under his roof ? ' 
 ` be careful of your words , for you speak of my future wife . ' 
 ` wife ? 
 how ton is that ? 
 you will be ostracized , marrying a penniless bastard ? ' 
 duncan flew at max , his sabre tip now prodding his chest . 
 ` silence or i will run you through . ' 
 muriall whispered , ` take care - he is a viper - god knows he could arrange with his fellow rakes to waylay you . ' 
 ` then i shall kill him now . 
 come brother , what shall it be , sword or pistol ? ' 
 max now pale , almost shivered , the sneer replaced with a quiver of fear . 
 ` you would n't dare . ' 
 ` you are unworthy of a duel . 
 it would be against my honour to call you out . 
 you miserable piece of chicken shit . 
 i have a better idea . 
 as second son you should by now be thinking of a commission - although wellington has no use for a coward , tis time you took up your sword against the little corporal . ' 
 muriall 's eyes widened , the fight against france invading portugal was on the turn . 
 the anglo spanish , portuguese front was slowly pushing france back . 
 the peninsular wars were in favour of wellington . 
 retreating , almost bowing , maximillian stuttered . ' 
 i concede defeat brother . 
 my lips are sealed . ' 
 duncan gave a merciless smile . ' 
 i hear your words but can not rely on them ; for that , i shall immediately purchase a commission for you - the infantry - junior class . 
 cornet or ensign i think . ' 
 max slumped on the chair , his hands trembling . 
 ` you would n't do that - surely - that is a junior position . 
 ` to carry the flag is an honour brother - imagine a reformed rakehell carrying the colours . ' 
 ` surely you would not do this . 
 i am too old for an ensign . ' 
 ` maybe so , but it is what our funds can afford . ' 
 ` such a lowly rank would be a slur on the family - surely the rank of lieutenant -- ' ` you do not deserve such consideration . 
 but , as the status of cornet would demean our family , i am willing to strike a deal . 
 lieutenant it is , but i will make immediate arrangements for your departure . ' 
 cowed , maximillian rose stiffly from the chair walking with bowed shoulders to the door . 
 once the door closed , duncan walked over to muriall taking her in his arms . 
 ` my darling - i hope he did not hurt you . ' 
 muriall stroked his face , ' i had my dagger ready , but i must admit to feeling relieved when you appeared . 
 how did you know ? ' ' 
 i have him under watch since the incident at the lake . 
 i have also taken john into my confidence . 
 he is a loyal and courageous servant and one on whom i can depend . 
 he too has been watching your door in the night hours . ' 
 ` why did you tell him we were to marry ? 
 surely , it is much too early to think of such things , and besides you have not formally asked me . ' 
 towering above her , he cupped her face in his hands . 
 his heart glowed as he gazed into those glittering green eyes , at the small smattering of freckles across the bridge of her delicate nose . ' 
 i have said we shall marry - but if you want me to go on bended knee , i will . ' 
 she frowned , ` but what will the earl say and aunt flavia ? ' 
 we shall keep it from them until i feel it is right to make it public . 
 meanwhile , we have our secret passages , tunnels and the shack on the island . 
 see it as a romantic interlude , before we lead our lives proper . ' 
 muriall giggled , ` then yes ; i would like you to go on bended knee . ' 
 smiling , duncan sheathed his sword and laying it on the bed , walked over to her . 
 kneeling on one knee , he took her delicate hand , seeming so small in his . 
 ` muriall will you consent to be my wife . 
 please say yes and make my world complete . ' 
 laughing , she bent to him , kissing him on the lips , her passion smouldering . 
 taking her in his arms he said , ` we shall marry and then leave for jamaica . ' 
 ` no darling i can not - i can not bear to leave the tenants now . 
 more and more landlords are evicting the farmers and the labourers . 
 without help , so many more families will starve - so many more will suffer death . 
 i could not live with myself to leave the children . ' 
 her happiness short lived , she bowed her head and cried . 
 clutching her to him duncan held her to his chest stroking the wild curls . 
 ` hush sweetheart - hush . 
 we shall marry and as soon as we can , we will make our home in jamaica . 
 but for now , i needs must go alone . 
 both our general manager and overseer on the main plantation have been killed ; others on the neighbouring plantations are sore beset . 
 our slaves must be emancipated , there is a group of us owners who now strive for that . 
 many of the younger slaves flee for safety to the hills . 
 the maroons are better to live with than those scoundrels that have seized power . ' 
 ` then we needs must wait to marry . ' 
 ` no my darling . 
 i shall arrange for father macdonald to marry us this very weak . 
 i will make it more than worth his while to keep our secret . 
 besides , he has cared for us both since childhood . 
 we could not have a better protector . ' 
 muriall held his face in her hands . 
 ` dear love , take care . 
 i do not think our viper max has gone down willingly . 
 to be sure he will try to hurt us . ' ' 
 i shall kill him before that . ' 
 muriall shuddered . 
 chapter 27 dinah decided that nathan should know about douglas 's behaviour . 
 how dare he break her heart , accuse her of double dealing . 
 how the hell did he think jessie would be so intimate with him and then lie about her family history ? 
 he 'd said something about a daughter - god it was so entangled . 
 she realized he 'd been hounded by people claiming to be the true heir to rhonan , that he was struggling to fight for the right to half custody of his little daughter , but jessie did not deserve his anger . 
 this had to be cleared up , otherwise they would be forced to leave the hotel . 
 she would not mention the row to george . 
 it would be like gossiping , or that she was interfering . 
 best to let it all die down . 
 her heart ached for jessie . 
 what her cousin so desperately needed was love and trust . 
 after a life time of prissy she needed to be able to act freely without fear of rebuke . 
 prissy meant well , but she was a domineering woman , powerful and feared throughout the business and social networks . 
 dinah made a point of wearing jeans and trainers , as george was intent on showing her around the boggy land surrounding the manor . 
 there were so many fairy forts , cromlechs and bronze age boulders in the fields , ancient stones that stood for ancient pagan rites lost in the mists of time . 
 some had been destroyed in the clearances , but the majority remained . 
 she put on a slim leather belt with a celtic style clasp ; the jeans were a little tight ; she just hoped her behind did n't look too large in them . 
 he met her with an impish grin , wearing a denim chambray shirt , washed jeans and a rucksack on his back . '' 
 you look great . 
 jeans suit you . ' 
 she made a grimace . 
 ` now you 're being kind . ' 
 ` kind - why ? ' ' 
 i try not to wear jeans or shorts - i need to lose weight . ' 
 ` do n't lose a pound sweetheart - i love you just as you are . ' 
 he meant it , as his eyes roved over the ample but so shapely figure . 
 right now , he 'd just love to pull her close and stroke the rounded buttocks . 
 dinah could see the sincerity in his eyes , the look of desire in the eyes roving over her . 
 dimples appeared in her cheeks as she tried to suppress a smile . 
 he could n't resist it and grabbed her to him . 
 ` one gorgeous woman and one beautiful day . 
 i thought we 'd find a quiet spot to have a picnic . ' 
 ` seems picnics are popular around here . ' 
 dinah grinned , knowing it could be a ruse for sex on a warm blanket in the sun . 
 but then , she found george extremely attractive , even thinking of his body roused her , sending tingles from her diaphragm to her groin . 
 she was ready for him . 
 but , was he ? 
 george laughed ; it was a sure way of getting up close to a girl . 
 ` we wo n't need the car ; we can use the track past the orangery that will bring us out to open fields and the loch . ' 
 he 'd found a place that was very private , private enough for what he had in mind . 
 ` jessie told me there 's a field of bison up ahead . ' 
 hearing the question in her voice , he said , ` do n't worry we wo n't be going through them . 
 they frighten the life out of me . 
 i had a chance encounter with a bull once . 
 it appeared out of nowhere , a big black brute intent on murder . 
 i do n't think i 've ever run so fast before or since . 
 it was awful ; the ground was boggy ; i kept stumbling in the tussocks of grass then splashing through water . 
 i scarcely made it by tearing my way through a blackberry bushes , and climbing the fence . ' 
 ` that must have been awful . ' 
 ` yeah , hence my fear of anything four footed above the size of a dog . 
 i 'm even wary of goats . ' 
 dinah laughed . 
 ` they can be quite vicious too . 
 my grandfather had a field where he kept goats and greyhounds . 
 he thought i needed feeding up , so every morning i had to go to the goats ' shed where he 'd milk one of them and then hand me a tin mug full to the brim . 
 it was still warm . 
 thing is , i had to drink it quickly as the goats would butt you without a second 's notice . ' 
 ` yuck - you did n't drink it ? ' 
 ` yes , it was lovely , well i was a child , and would n't know any better then . 
 my grandmother made goats ' cheese as well . ' ' 
 i find it rather dry and acrid . ' 
 ` same here now . 
 but , at the time i used to tuck in . 
 they were nice times actually , when visiting them for a holiday i used to love picking the blackberries , so mumma would could make her apple and blackberry pies . ' 
 ` mumma ? ' 
 yeah , i had a welsh great great great grandmother . 
 we always call a grandmother muma , or mongee , a grandfather is usually called duccee . ' 
 ` so that 's where you get your dark hair then ? ' ' 
 i suppose so , she came from swansea , which , as you know , was a main port in roman times , so the welsh people around the port are a mixture of all types , roman , spanish , vikings . ' 
 ` well rest assured the only cheese , we have today is mature cheddar and some brie . ' 
 ` that 's brave of you bringing brie in this heat . 
 it 's a wonder it does n't smell to high heaven . ' 
 ` nah , got it in a sealed plastic carton . 
 it 'll be just the right temperature - love the stuff - oh and i 've got some olives stuffed with red peppers . ' 
 ` great - i look forward to it . ' 
 george grinned , and kept quiet about the fresh lobster carefully packed in wedges of ice . 
 it was a favourite of hers , and he wanted to give the best today , along with two small bottles of champagne again packed in iced cartons . 
 dinah noticed with relief that they kept well away from the bison . 
 as they came to a turnstile , he took her hand helping her over . 
 ` milady . ' 
 she smiled as he climbed over after her and casually took her hand . 
 ` now let 's search for some fairy forts . 
 there might be the odd cromlech or two as well . ' 
 ` there 're some lovely stories about the forts but some frightening ones as well . 
 they say that if you enter one , you have to take your top off and turn it inside out before leaving . 
 otherwise the fairies will curse you - lots of bad luck . 
 a guy was telling me the other day , how someone he knew just laughed , and said it was superstitious nonsense but then shortly after that , his wife was the victim of a hit-and-run driver ; his son broke his leg playing football , and he lost his job . '' 
 george grinned , ` so best to keep to the rules then . 
 yeats wrote so much about the fey , and the merrow ' ` merrow ? 
 yeah he anglicised the original name for mermen , which was moruadh or murrughach , it is derived from muir , the sea and oigh meaning maid . 
 being a lover of yeats i have most of his books . 
 a small favourite of mine is ` writings on irish folklore , legend and myth ' for the first half of his career as an writer he was intrigued with the mysticism of ireland , but later he took on a more sombre tone being caught up in politics and the troubles . ' 
 ` you know come to think of it ; muriall 's name could really stand for mermaid . ' 
 yeah , true . 
 it would explain the mermaid thing . 
 although the rumours were she was a mermaid , picked up as a toddler from the sea by an old fisherman and shack squatter . 
 ` hmm . 
 strange . 
 i 've heard yeats was a mystic who wrote some beautiful work . ' 
 ` oh yes he wrote that once you get to know the irish , once they let you into their hearts , you realize they live a world lost in the mists of time . 
 it is a world of ancient dreams , myths that are still alive . 
 to them , the ruins of ancient houses are fairy forts , a boulder a symbol of a god or goddess , a twisted tree are all signs of something mysterious and beautiful . 
 witches and wizards abound and are still powerful . 
 the smiths and the millers being part of ancient brotherhood of magic . 
 as in england in medieval times , the smiths and other craftsmen were invested with magical powers . 
 their forges were believed to be enchanted . 
 yeats quotes a man living by the sea in galway who said there was a fairy stream nearby where they could see the fairies bathing ; that every night they could hear a fairy forge , with the hammering of the iron and the blast of the furnace . 
 of course , you 've heard about the blacksmiths ? ' 
 ` dinah shook her head . 
 ` no , i 'm aware of some of the myths and legends of the american indians - some people believe in them ; they mainly worship their ancestors , calling god the grandfather , then of course there 's the trickster , a joker who could be either very helpful or downright evil . 
 i 'm fascinated with their mysticism , ' ` there 's a trickster in irish paganism as well , the lomna , one story is of him informing fionn the leader of the fianna , that a wife had been unfaithful to him . 
 but the adulterer coirpe , so yeats writes , kills the fool and sticks his head on a spike , but when the fianna come , the head becomes alive castigating coirpe who is then slain . 
 ` gruesome , but who were the fianna ? ' 
 ` they were the ` fenian militia ' but again that is a term used by yeats so it could be the anglicized version . 
 they served the high king cormac . 
 ` you really know your irish myths and legends . ' 
 ` well that 's through years of studying yeats , teaching about him , helps keep the memories alive as well . 
 i 'm going to research the scottish folklore now i am here . 
 ` being in new york , we are quite distant from the paganism of england , ireland and scotland , and wales , for that matter . 
 i know some of the irish community in new york often speak of the fey ; some of them call them the gentry , and then of course there 's the shamrock which is supposed to have magical powers . 
 but , jessie has more to do with that than myself . 
 perhaps that 's where she gets her mysticism from . ' 
 george frowned , ' a priest father o'reilly talks of a darker force , not that i would mention it to jess . ' ' 
 i wanted to move in with her , but she would n't have it . 
 jess likes her solitude . ' 
 chapter 28 george helped dinah over a style into the next field . 
 he smiled as she pulled back seeing some cows . 
 ` it 's okay ; they won ' hurt . 
 ` do n't you believe it ? 
 one woman was trampled to death by a group of them . ' 
 ` oh - well we 'll keep to this side of the field ; you can easily jump the fence if they charge . ' 
 ` he tried to hide a smile . 
 ` changing the subject , jessie 's keen to trace her ancestors is n't she ? ' 
 ` oh yes , her ancestor morag was born on one of the coffin ships . 
 she came to the us with only a locket and two scraps of paper as we know . 
 that does seem to rile douglas . 
 i was n't going to tell you , but they 've had a fearful row . 
 jess innocently showed him the locket , and some scraps of paper that could be birth certificates . 
 inside is a miniature painting that looks exactly like douglas . 
 he now suspects jessie might be after the estate , but that is the furthest thing from her mind you know . 
 anyway , she has no need of money , love and friendship yes . 
 jessie led a lonely life until she met her ex-boyfriend pete . 
 i 'm sure her step-mother prissy had a lot to do with that breaking up . 
 he worked abroad most of the time , free-lance journalist - photographer , but prissy did keep on about him not being trustworthy , that he was bound to meet other girls on his travels . 
 she wanted jessie to marry into old money , keep it all in the family . ' 
 ` god what a bleak existence . ' 
 i know jessie is still isolated . 
 the only time she feels she belongs , is when she is treating her clients . 
 i think at times she lives for that . ' 
 george frowned , ` douglas is besotted with her ; that 's why he 's in such turmoil . 
 let 's hope they can sort it out . ' 
 ` oh , so you 've heard about the quarrel ? ' 
 ` well i saw them arguing by the orangery . 
 i did n't mean to pry so i just went the other way . 
 talk about a torrid love affair . ' 
 dinah felt that tingle again . 
 not half as torrid as theirs would be . 
 at the right opportunity , she would show her dear bear of a man what torrid was all about . ' 
 coming to another style they crossed into a field with a stone bedded stream . 
 george said , ` let 's stop here for a lunch then we can make our way to the pub . ' 
 ` yes why not , you never know , we might see the fairies bathing - just joking . ' 
 yet george could see from her expression that she half believed . ' 
 kneeling , he took the ruck sack from his shoulders . 
 ` i 've got a small waterproof we can sit on . 
 one thing you can be sure of in scotland , the grass will be damp . 
 now here 's a cloth . 
 ` laying out a small square of linen he began unpacking the food . 
 dinah 's smile widened . 
 ` lobster - you were teasing . 
 and brie , fresh rolls - this is looking delicious . ' 
 with a flourish , george brought out the two flutes for the champagne . 
 ` they 're plastic , but they 'll do . 
 i did n't like the thought of carrying glass over these hillocks . ' 
 dinah clapped her hands ` champagne - now you are spoiling me . 
 i 'll be tipsy . ' 
 exactly , thought george , as he said , ` it 's beautiful here . 
 everything just sparkles - the boulders , the rocks in the steam , even the grass is so different from any other green grass i 've seen . ' 
 dinah sank her teeth into the succulence of the lobster whilst george tucked into the chicken and smoked salmon canapés , rounding off with the brie now almost dripping on the crisp crackers covered in thick fresh butter . 
 he found they chattered easily on a variety of subjects , whilst they ate . 
 she was an intriguing woman besides being beautiful . 
 clearing away the debris into his rucksack , george sighed , leaning back on the waterproof . 
 ` now this is what i call luxury - fine food , champagne and a gorgeous woman . ' 
 dinah giggled , the compliments building her confidence in her generous curves . 
 stretching over to her , george stroked her arm , before pulling her gently down beside him . 
 she went willingly , her heart speeding up , body tingling . 
 as his lips closed on hers , dinah gave a strangled gasp . 
 starting back he said , ` what 's up . ' 
 dinah croaked , ` pig - pig . 
 over your shoulder . ' 
 frowning , george raised himself to look straight into the snout of a small pig . 
 the pig 's eyes met his . 
 as george sprang up , the pig squealed joining four others that now encircled him . 
 dinah overcoming her shock , giggled . 
 ` they 're the pot bellied vietnamese pigs . 
 oh god . ' 
 she laughed hysterically . 
 the picture of george standing there with the pigs looking earnestly up at him was too much . 
 george and the pigs turned on hearing nat 's voice , ` hey george - dinah . 
 it 's okay . 
 they 're friendly - pets . ' 
 ` pets my arse - what the fuck is going on ? ' 
 on seeing lucy , dinah rose to her feet . 
 ` can you believe it ? 
 a love scene serenaded by pigs . ' 
 george now grinned at the ludicrous situation . 
 ` so here are the famous pigs ? ' 
 nat beamed . 
 ` yeah , a recent addition . 
 you 've wandered onto the wild park enclosure . 
 did n't you see the sign ? ' 
 ` no , we came in from over there - climbed the style . 
 i thought we were on open public land . 
 christ - where d'you keep the lions ? ' 
 ` the estate has a few thousand acres . 
 but , do n't worry we keep the dangerous animals behind double gated , electric fenced enclosures . 
 no way could you have wandered into those enclosures without paying your money , getting a ticket and a safety truck to take you around . 
 dinah knelt to one pig who was actually sitting up on its rear legs as if begging . ' 
 nat smiled , ` some of them are so tame . 
 they 're more intelligent than dogs , beg for their food , give you a kiss as a thank you , and roll over on their backs if you ask them . ' 
 george muttered , ` i 'm not having any pig kiss me . ' 
 getting up , dinah scolded him , ` george , these are gorgeous , and they 're so pretty , fat little angels . ' 
 ` angels ? ' 
 now lucy knelt down . 
 ` i 've already been introduced to them . 
 this little one is daisy . ' 
 george quipped , ' i would n't let jessie know you 've got a pig called daisy . ' 
 dinah laughed , ` i 'm sure she would n't mind - she 's an animal lover . ' 
 ` these came from sweden . 
 it used to cost thousands of dollars to buy from the us , but now as they 've become more popular they 're about the same price as a pedigree dog or cat . ' 
 one now lay across lucy 's lap , ` how big will these grow ? ' 
 ` these are miniature compared to domestic swine , which average six hundred to one thousand five hundred pounds , but miniature pigs average around seventy to one hundred and fifty pounds but , they have been known to grow to two hundred pounds . 
 ` that 's big enough - gosh - when you consider jessie 's golden retriever is a hundred and two pounds . ' ' 
 i see you 've got different colourings as well . 
 i love this one , pale grey and white . 
 her fur is really soft , and she smells so sweet . 
 i thought pigs stank ? ' 
 ` well these would but we 've had them spayed and neutered . 
 it 's not only the smell ; they would also develop quite dangerous traits if we did n't do it . 
 they would n't be safe as pets for the kids to stroke . 
 mind you , we do n't let them touch them unsupervised . ' 
 george said , ` poor buggers , a bit drastic neutering and spaying . 
 so you 're not going to breed from them ? ' 
 ` oh yes , we 've got a few , but as they grow so they 'll be behind electric fences , they are really boars , as you know , and the females can be quite moody even vicious with pms . 
 it also lessens the risk of uterine or testicular cancer . 
 the little pig squealed in lucy 's arms wriggling to free itself . 
 even at such a young age it was so strong that lucy had to let it go . 
 nat grinned . 
 ` they do n't like being handled - it 's not because they do n't like being petted , it 's because these are not predators . 
 they 're prey so being held frightens them . 
 but , some pet owners have managed to calm them over time , so they enjoy petting or a cuddle . ' 
 george frowned , ` catch me cuddling one - what next ? ' 
 lucy laughed , ` well ; i think they 're gorgeous , in fact ; i 'll look into it . 
 they 're so sweet . 
 i 've fallen in love with this one . ' 
 nat 's cheeks dimpled , ` i 've had the same thought , seems we 're one of a kind . ' 
 lucy blushed lowering her eyes . 
 rising up , she dusted off her jeans , tickling the little pig 's pot belly she whispered , ' i shall come and see you again . ' 
 turning to dinah , she said , ` nat 's showing me around the park , and then we 're off to see the chinese water deer , nat tells me they 've got horns and fangs , and they nest in trees . 
 would you believe it ? 
 would you like to come with us ? ' 
 catching george 's frustrated glance , nat realized the guy was not pleased with the idea . 
 he raised his eyebrows in a silent question . 
 george shook his head ruefully , another bloody chance to get dinah alone , now gone . 
 putting on a strained smile he said , ` that 's a great idea - dinah ? ' 
 he still held some vain hope that she might not agree , that this vision of dark curls and ample curves might want to continue their foray into sex . 
 his hopes were dashed , as dinah took lucy 's arm and started walking in front with her . 
 seeing him grimace , nat laughed , ` come on mate , there 's always another time . ' 
 ` yeah tell me , these women hardly let each other out of their sight . 
 have you noticed they always seem to arrange things in a group ? 
 ` women are like that . 
 you 'll just have ' to be clever ' as they say on twitter , find another way . ' 
 chapter 29 although her stomach begged for food , jess did n't really want to eat ; nothing appealed to her . 
 it had been over a week since they last met . 
 douglas had called , left messages , but she refused to have any contact with him . 
 but for dinah , she saw no-one , using room service for meals , spending most of her days out touring the area by cab . 
 if it was n't for daisy , she would have left the hotel already . 
 the merton hotel would not accept any dogs and there was no way she would put daisy in strange kennels . 
 she 'd heard from dinah that douglas was distraught . 
 even though her cousin urged her to at least contact him and talk it out , she was adamant . 
 besides , it was so embarrassing . 
 how could she possibly face him ? 
 her stomach rumbled . 
 biting her lip , anger rose up through the anguish . 
 was she going to suffer for him ? 
 although the thought seemed rather belated after all the tears shed during nights of tossing and turning . 
 she 'd phone for room service , but tomorrow she would brave the dining room with dinah . 
 wandering into her lounge , she wondered if she was losing her sanity . 
 had all that happened ? 
 were the dreams , psychic trances or nightmares ? 
 lifting her head , she became aware of an odour of sea-weed . 
 it was familiar . 
 the sea was a couple of miles away , but there was a strong breeze today . 
 as she turned to her laptop , she stood transfixed her heart leaping , blood rushing to her head . 
 a young woman sat writing at the desk , rust red curls cascading down a slender back , the skirt of water silk brocade sparkling in the late afternoon sun . 
 god - was it muriall - would she turn around - would she try to ... whimpering , paralysed with terror , thoughts scattered through her mind . 
 this was a ghost - a nemesis - a ghost . 
 trembling she felt adrenaline coursing through her veins , unlocking the paralysis . 
 almost screaming , she ran to the door . 
 dammit - dammit she 'd locked the bloody thing . 
 her fingers shook as she fumbled with the lock , half-screams mounting in her throat . 
 hearing the key turning , she tugged the door open and flew into the passageway , her legs now pumping towards the lift . 
 but , she could n't wait ; besides muriall might follow her to the lift , she might be stuck in the lift with her . 
 she ran to the fire exist door and pulling it open , clattered down the stone stairs . 
 swearing under her breath , god , god , do n't let her follow me - please . 
 no way was she ever , ever going back into that room . 
 a startled aileen watched her rushing through reception . 
 turning to margaret , she said , ` the ween 's terrified , looks like she 's seen a ghost . 
 i 'd better go after her . ' 
 as she moved her wide girth from the chair , she walked surprisingly swiftly to the main doors looking down the balustrade and then the paths . 
 a few people were out walking , but jessie was not in sight . 
 she turned back , panting slightly as she reached the desk . 
 ` no sign of her . 
 maybe we should call his lordship ? ' 
 margaret shook her head , ` he might be a wee bit miffed at that aileen , after all it could be just a wee quarrel , and maybe with himself . 
 they did go off for a picnic together last week . 
 no hen , best we stay out of it . ' 
 shaking her head , aileen sank into the chair reaching for her kindle . 
 ` aye , best we dinna interfere , i suppose . ' 
 rushing past the orangery to the studios , jess was relieved to see small electric light bulbs sprouting from the grass verges lighting the darkening paths . 
 each pine logged cabin came complete with daylight lamps , a selection of easels , shelves for paints and a table for sketching , an artist 's delight . 
 there was even a projector for the digital graphic artists along with a computer with the latest software . 
 security cameras discreetly placed among trees and flowering shrubs , ensured the safety of the hotel guests . 
 feeling more secure now , jessie found her studio . 
 unlocking the door , she peeped in . 
 she sighed with relief ; it was empty . 
 thank god - no terrifying figure in any of the corners . 
 picking up her mobile she clicked on dinah 's number only to receive her answering message . 
 ` hi there , glad you contacted - obviously i am not here at present . 
 please leave a message - i love them . 
 i will get back to you , as soon as i can . 
 have a good day - evening - night . ' 
 damn , she was most probably with george , wrapped in his arms , whilst here she was shivering and petrified . 
 taking a deep breath , she put the mobile on the table , and began exploring the room . 
 already deposited in the corner of the room , were her chest of paints , oil pastels , soft pastels brushes , palette knives , mahls , oil thinners and textures . 
 a cardboard container holding her boxed canvasses lay just inside the door . 
 yet , even this painter 's paradise did not relieve her fear . 
 dinah and lucy warned muriall might appear , but jessie was not ready for it . 
 perhaps she should give up psychic art altogether . 
 but , the thought niggled that she should see a professional medium . 
 maybe he or she could cast light on what was happening to her ; hopefully show her how to avoid manifestations . 
 right now , she needed to lose herself in the paints , feel the tubes as she squeezed the soft oils onto the palette board , spread her fingers through the mess . 
 besides using brushes to paint , jessie used her own fingers , knuckles and heel of her hand to spread the oils on the canvas . 
 she needed to dwell in the smell of oil and turps , the touch and colour of the paint on the canvas , flooding her mind with images other than those of muriall and duncan . 
 she was impressed on discovering the disc player with a selection of classic and pop . 
 maybe some r & b or tchaikovsky would alleviate the terror simmering through her muscles . 
 hours passed , as she concentrated on the canvas , the juddering in her heart now stilled . 
 already , the first stage of the painting was finished ; the lake with the island shrouded in trees , quartz stone glittering in splash of moonlight whilst stained-glass windows cast a rainbow of shifting patterns on the water . 
 as she drifted deeper into the creative zone , utterly engaged now in the painting , she did not see the face at the window peering in , or seconds later , hear the footfall behind her . 
 chapter 30 jessie jumped on hearing the deep tones of a male voice . 
 ` that is miraculous - dramatic . ' 
 her heart beating a tattoo , she swept round to see an incredibly handsome man in his early twenties ; his skin had a golden sheen , hazel eyes sparkling , hair glittering blonde streaks in chestnut waves falling to his shoulders . 
 his clothes were immaculate , if a little odd , pantaloons and a white frilled shirt with silk cravat , from which sparkled a diamond stickpin the size of a hazelnut . 
 astonished , she felt a rush of heat through her body , a yearning to peel off her clothes and appear naked before him . 
 her thoughts reeled as she fought for control . 
 she knew some women could n't resist good-looking men , but this was ridiculous . 
 his eyes shone knowingly . ' 
 t is beautiful you are jessie . ' 
 without the slightest hesitation , he strode towards her , opening his arms . 
 how did he know her name ? 
 she tried to tell herself this was a dream , a nightmare , but felt his lips close on hers . 
 frightened , she found herself responding whilst trying to fight her desire . 
 their mouths touched , tongues tasted . 
 fevered hands stroked . 
 massaging her back , he pulled at her jeans , nudging her to the floor . 
 groaning - lost , she felt him pull away , as dinah shouted , in the distance . 
 astonished jessie watched , as he vanished in a column of rippling air , gasped as a rush of wind swirled around her . 
 tears streaming , she pulled the tank top down , struggling to zip up her jeans . 
 stumbling to the door , she looked down the path to see dinah walking briskly towards her with george in tow . 
 strolling arm in arm behind them were lucy and nat . 
 she tried to compose herself , giving a rictus smile . 
 as di walked through the door , she glimpsed jessie 's face . 
 turning quickly she shouted out to the others , ` hey give us a few minutes . 
 jessie 's caught up here . ' 
 putting her hands on jess 's shoulders she said , ` hey - you look like hell . ' ' 
 i feel i 've just been there . 
 you wo n't believe this , but a ghost tried to seduce me . 
 that 's not the worst , i wanted him to . ' 
 tears tumbled down her cheeks , ' i lost control ; this guy just stood there , and i was ready to ... i did n't even know his name , and i wanted him to ... ' ` god . 
 oh my god jess . ' 
 ` you stopped it by shouting out to me . ' 
 ` what - how ? ' 
 ` he heard your voice and then vanished . 
 the air rippled ; i heard it whoosh around me . 
 di it was a ghost - could n't have been human . ' 
 ` incubus . 
 oh god it was an incubus . 
 did it ... ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 ` look , d'you want me to get rid of the others ? ' 
 ` no - no , i think they should know di . 
 it might be you or lucy next time . ' 
 going to the door , dinah talked in hushed tones . 
 silently , their faces tense , the friends trouped in . 
 lucy came straight over holding her gently . 
 ` i 'm sorry jess - this is horrific . ' 
 george gave a troubled glance . 
 ` what the hell happened jess ? ' 
 di ' opened a bottle of wine pouring a generous measure into a glass for jess . 
 handing it to her , she said , ` wish we had some brandy . 
 this ca n't be happening - it 's too much . ' 
 george came over hesitantly and knelt before jess , taking her hand . 
 ` can you talk about it ? ' 
 jess nodded and taking a gulp of wine , ` it 's a living nightmare . 
 first , muriall just appeared in my room . 
 and now this , i 'm surrounded with ghosts - it 's terrifying . 
 - unreal . 
 muriall was actually sitting at the desk . 
 flesh and blood . 
 i just ran - that 's why i 'm here . ' 
 di looked at them ` this is far worse . 
 they 're not going to let jessie alone . 
 but , i do n't think the incubus is anything to do with muriall - it 's too evil . ' 
 nathan cleared his throat . 
 ` the priest warned us about this . 
 he said there was a darker force at work - that muriall was shielding us from it . ' 
 jess looked up . 
 ` darker force ? ' 
 nat shook his head sighing . 
 ` we should have told you jess , but we did n't want to start a panic - we thought father o'reilly had cleared everything . 
 but , he did warn that maybe he was n't strong enough - maybe we needed a jesuit . ' 
 dinah scowled , ` we should have known . 
 jess could have been seduced or murdered here tonight by a bloody incubus . ' 
 george muttered , ` we 've got to do something about this and quickly . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 dinah got up and put her arms around jessie . 
 ` what the hell can we do ? ' 
 nat said hesitantly ` we 've got ta tell douglas . ' 
 jess lifted her head sharply . 
 ` no - no way . 
 he 's a neanderthal when it comes to anything psychic . 
 i just could n't cope with that . ' 
 ` look i know about the row . 
 he 's hurt you . ' 
 ` bloody right he has . ' 
 ` jess he 's got a short fuse - can be a mean bastard . ' 
 ` that 's no excuse . ' 
 ` he 's got a lot of things on his mind - lot to lose . 
 when he 's crossed , he 's got a tongue like a rusted razor . 
 look , did you know about the inheritance ? ' 
 jessie 's eyebrows knitted together . 
 `` what ? 
 he did say something about an inheritance - but it was all so sudden - i just could n't take it in . ' 
 nat lowered his head as he said , ` you all might as well know . 
 we could be in deep shit soon . ' 
 turning to the friends he said , ' i know it 's no excuse for doug ' acting like he did , but he 's pushed to the wall at the moment . 
 seeing as you all seem to be involved , i 'd better explain . ' 
 taking a gulp of his wine , nat leant against the table . 
 ` two years ago , my brother inherited this place . 
 we thought it was great ; we were bloody millionaires , a manor , a ruined castle and seven million pounds . 
 then the solicitor told us douglas was n't a direct descendent . 
 he 's descended from duncan 's younger brother guy . 
 there 's a codicil to the will , it 's due to run out at the end of this month believe it or not . 
 anyway , the codicil says that if a direct descendent is found , then the whole estate reverts to him or her . 
 does n't matter what we 've done to improve it . 
 they take the whole lot and the money . ' 
 jess tapped her foot , her mind seething . 
 ` so he thinks i want the estate ? ' 
 ` yeah . 
 look there 've been so many fraudsters creeping out the woodwork , claiming this and that . 
 we 've been presented with wills on parchment made to look antique , or portraits they 've sworn they 've found in the attic when the truth is , they were painted the week before . 
 then there 're claims of old love letters , lockets . ' 
 dinah said sharply , ` lockets ? ' 
 ` yeah , stuff people have bought from antique shops or found in car boot sales , and then putting in a sketch or claiming it to be that of duncan or muriall . 
 easily done , the two portraits are there on show in the gallery and there 're copies of them dotted around . 
 people even come with scraps of paper in old dolls . ' 
 ` but , surely the lawyers can trace the family back ? ' 
 ` yeah but these claim they were the love child of this or that person , so there 's no physical trace . 
 others know duncan either drowned or disappeared , so they make up stories about the suicide . 
 slimy bastards . 
 he 'll agree to an exorcism now , so far he 's refused the jesuit priest coming here , but he does n't have a choice . 
 one thing i do know jess - doug 's crazy about you . ' ' 
 i would n't have thought so after the way he talked to me . ' 
 he 's breaking apart jess . 
 the guy 's in love with you . ' 
 chapter 31 jess felt hope like iced water freezing the pain . 
 he was in love with her ? 
 then why be so bloody ferocious , but she could see the reasoning behind his flare up . 
 did he honestly think she wanted the hotel that she would resort to fraud ? 
 but then , he hardly knew her . 
 even so , she 'd thought that he really cared for her that it was n't just lust . 
 after all , they 'd talked long into the night . 
 did he really love her or had he listened to his glands ? 
 ` so what am i supposed to do , forgive him , kiss him for putting my heart through a meat mincer ? ' 
 nat went to her , putting his hand on her shoulder . 
 ` just give him a chance . 
 he 's got to deal with this now . ' 
 ` how can i ? 
 i feel like a piece of shit that he 's just stepped in . 
 but , thanks for telling me ; it makes it a bit clearer . 
 not that i ? ' 
 nat could sense she was hesitating . 
 douglas was in with a chance . 
 better to cut it short before she changed her mind . 
 ` okay , leave it at that - just think about it . ' 
 jess resigned herself to the moment . ' 
 i could do with another drink . 
 d'you want one ? ' 
 she wanted oblivion , to exorcise both the horror of the incubus and the heartbreak of douglas from her mind . 
 as she went towards the drinks , dinah called out , ` i 'll do that jess , you just sit and relax . 
 nat said , ' i think i ought to go tell douglas about this . ' 
 seeing his lips set in a grim line , dinah said , ' i do n't know that jess will take him back . 
 i 'm sorry i know he 's under pressure , but he was a bastard . ' 
 nat grimaced . 
 ` there 's more to it than you know di . 
 it 's not just the hotel there are other things involved , i just ca n't tell you what they are . 
 it 's personal . ' 
 george sensing the strain jess was under , tried to divert her attention . 
 walking over to the piles of mixed oils on the palette board said , ` never thought you 'd mix so many colours , i mean for the green you 've mixed yellow , blue , purple , brown . 
 hmm . 
 intricate . ' 
 realizing that george was trying to help , jess answered , ` for green you get a multitude of shades from mixing the blue and the yellow . 
 grass or trees have so many facets of colour , especially if it 's been raining ; the sheen of water on leaves , for instance , picks up miniature rainbows . ' 
 dinah was happy to lighten the situation . 
 sipping her drink , she said , ` is the painting psychic art or normal ? ' 
 ` normal . 
 it 's a landscape of the lake and the island with the mausoleum . ' 
 ` come on let 's have a look ' jess shook her head . 
 ` it 's only in the first stages . 
 you wo n't see much honestly . ' 
 seeing jess 's face lift a little , george said , ` come on , then we 'll christen it with a toast . ' 
 raising her shoulders in resignation , jess turned the canvas towards them , only to feel horror like liquid lava plough through her body ... ` oh my god - what 's ? 
 what 's happened ? 
 i did n't paint that - i did n't paint her . ' 
 the others surged forward . 
 dinah put her hand on jess 's shoulder . 
 ` christ - it 's muriall . ' 
 jess took a tight breath as she looked at the canvas ; muriall faced them standing in the interior of the mausoleum , the painted moon casting deep blue and purple shadows through the leaded light windows . 
 jessie 's heart 's beat rapidly as she peered at another figure half-submerged in darkness by the corner of the open tomb . 
 jessie murmured , ` it 's inside the mausoleum . 
 the island , the lake has gone . 
 i did n't paint this - i really did n't paint it . ' 
 gazing at the figure , lucy whispered , ` whoever is doing the haunting is not letting up . ' 
 dinah shivered , looking around her . 
 ` it must be muriall . 
 she really means to get through to you jess . 
 is she here d'you think ? ' 
 jess felt the goose bumps rise on her arms . ' 
 i can deal with muriall , as long as i do n't see her that is - it 's just the other - the incubus . ' 
 having said the word , splinters of fear stabbed her spine . ' 
 nat muttered , ` we 'll get the exorcist in for that . ' 
 going nearer , jessie examined the shadowy figure in the shadow of the tomb . ' 
 i can hardly see it ; it 's too deep in the shadows . 
 it could be a man i think . ' 
 stepping nearer , her heart almost leapt out of her chest as she made out the golden streaked hair , the cravat and knee-high boots . 
 ` it 's him - it 's him . 
 the thing that attacked me . 
 how could this happen ? ' 
 lucy shivered , rubbing her arms . 
 ` this is spooky . ' 
 dinah rushed forward , ` christ . 
 you sure ? ' 
 ` yes , it 's the same hair , clothes . 
 i did not paint this , i really did n't . ' 
 nat growled . 
 `` god - this is weird stuff . ' 
 dinah went nearer the painting . 
 ` jessie , there 's some red hairs stuck on the canvas . 
 i can see them glinting . ' 
 jess frowned . 
 ` the paint 's wet . ' 
 biting the tip of her tongue , dinah carefully lifted a few long red hairs from the canvas . 
 ` see ? ' 
 nat 's eyes glinted . 
 ` you sure you 're not mucking around with us jess . 
 that 's your hair . ' 
 jess whirled around on him . 
 ` now you sound like your brother . 
 why would i do that ? ' 
 dinah said , ` it 's an apport - that 's what it is . ' 
 george echoed her , ` an apport ? 
 never heard of it . ' 
 ` sometimes a spirit will leave something , often as a gift or a thank you or as a reminder . 
 it just manifests out of the air . ' 
 lucy said , ` i 've heard of that , but i thought it only happened in a séance . ' 
 dinah replied , ` oh no , there 's been thousands of apports over the centuries , in all sorts of situations . 
 anything from jewels to stones , to clothes - books . ' 
 she held the strands up to the light . 
 ` it 's definitely hair . ' 
 nat said , ` do they have any roots ? ' 
 lucy croaked . 
 ` do n't - that 's awful . ' 
 ` well we could maybe get some dna . ' 
 jess said , ` that 's a thought . ' 
 dinah examined the strands . 
 ` yeah , they 're some roots - christ - a living ghost ? '' 
 lucy murmured , ' i do n't know how you can handle that dinah , i just could n't . ' 
 jess peered at the painting . 
 ` there 's an inscription on the bottom of the tomb . 
 i ca n't quite read it . 
 see ? ' 
 she pointed to the bottom right hand corner of the empty tomb . 
 dinah knelt to get a better look . ' 
 i can see it jess , but i ca n't make it out . ' 
 jess bit her lip . ' 
 i shall have to get a magnifying glass - there 's not one here . ' 
 turning to nat , she said abruptly , ` you say the priest did the exorcism ? 
 did any of you see anything ? ' 
 nat shook his head , ' i was n't there ; it was douglas and the priest . ' 
 ` so , did they see anything ? ' 
 ` no , not really but they did find an old writing desk up in the attic . 
 it was covered in maggots . 
 they were alive squirming ; the stench was awful . ' 
 jess shivered thinking of the writing desk in her room . 
 surely , it could n't be the same one ? 
 douglas had been uncomfortable with it when she first saw it . 
 so , he knew the place was haunted . 
 why had n't he warned her ? 
 ` is it a malign spirit ? ' 
 nat shook his head ruffling the brown lock on his forehead . 
 ` well as i said , o'reilly was adamant muriall was haunting the manor , but she was protecting us from a dark spirit infesting the place , a demon . ' 
 ` some ghosts can be murderous . ' 
 dinah said , ` they can physically hurt someone , then there 's the mystery of duncan . ' 
 lucy murmured , ` maybe he did n't drown . ' 
 nat shook his head . 
 ` no-one 's sure if it was suicide or something else . 
 our solicitor says he might have gone after muriall - who knows ? ' 
 raking fingers slightly trembling through his hair , george muttered , ` welcome to the house of death . ' 
 dinah gave a short sharp laugh . 
 ` come on let 's be practical about this ? ' 
 hunching up slim shoulders , lucy interjected , ` practical ? 
 what 's practical about a bloody ghost ? ' 
 george raised bushy eyebrows . 
 it was n't like lucy to swear . 
 she was obviously frightened out of her wits . 
 dinah tried to smile reassuringly , rubbing lucy 's arm . 
 ` nat we need that jesuit exorcist quickly - like tomorrow . 
 how soon can you get hold of him ? 
 ` it 'll take time you know . 
 they 'll have to have meetings about it . 
 the archbishop will have to agree it . 
 then they 've got to get the right priest . ' 
 ` we have n't got time . 
 i think whilst we 're waiting , we should hold a séance . 
 after all , we have the apport . 
 that may attract muriall - maybe she 'll give us a message or tell us what she wants ' . 
 lucy walked over to george to clutch at his arm . 
 `` now you really are frightening me . 
 no way - there 's no way i 'm going to any séance . 
 i 'd die - die of fright . '' 
 nat , ignoring lucy said , ` if we did a séance we 'd need a medium . '' 
 dinah said , ` jess is a medium . ' 
 jess retorted swiftly , ` i 'm not - for want of repetition . 
 i just draw them - a psychic artist is quite different to a medium . 
 i do n't go into trance , or have spirits manifesting through me . 
 neither do they talk through my mouth . ' 
 ` you do go into trance jess or at least a different state of consciousness to draw or paint them . 
 what about the hypnotic trance , meditation ? ' 
 jessie spluttered her face whitening . 
 ` yes , but like lucy , i 'm petrified of them . 
 i 'd pass out if i saw a ghost . ' 
 ` come on jess , you know your guide will protect you . 
 red cloud is n't going to let one manifest unless you give permission . ' 
 ` guide ? ' 
 idly patting lucy 's arm , george said , ` so what 's that ? ' 
 pouring another glass of wine and handing it to jess , dinah said , ` spirit guides choose their mediums or channels . 
 they also guard the portal to the spirit world , so that no malign spirits can slip through . '' 
 jess nodded , ` although , sometimes an evil spirit does enter the earth plane . ' 
 ` yes , but it 's very rare jess . ' 
 said dinah . 
 ` red cloud is a high level guide . ' 
 ` red cloud ? ' 
 george raised his eyebrows . 
 ` red cloud was the guide of the welsh medium estelle roberts . 
 it was through her that sir arthur conan doyle made his first contact with his son . 
 he 's also jess 's guide . 
 jess said softly , ` maybe we could just sit as a circle ? 
 i mean no deep trances or that sort of thing . ' 
 george beamed , ` great idea - great . 
 what about now ? ' 
 shaking her head , jess said , ` no . 
 i 've had enough to contend with tonight . 
 anyway , i 'd need to get the room ready , and besides it 's late . ' 
 looking over to nat , she said , ` i 've only got a small table in the suite . 
 is it possible for you to get us a bigger one for five ? ' 
 george looked at lucy . 
 ` you in ? ' 
 lucy shook her head . ' 
 i could n't really . ' 
 ` aw come on sis . 
 we 're just gon na sit in a circle , no trances okay ? ' 
 george beamed , when lucy nodded . 
 ` so that 's set then ? ' 
 looking at the portrait , at muriall 's soulful face , the shimmering strands of hair , lucy shivered . 
 jess bowed her head , ` look - i need time . 
 it 's all been too much . 
 can we just leave it , for the time being ? ' 
 nat frowned . 
 ` it 's not going away jess - sooner we get this sorted the better . ' 
 dinah putting her arm around jess said , ' i think jess needs some space , how about a week from now ? ' 
 chapter 32 wearily , jess returned to her room to see the answer phone flashing . 
 pressing the button , she listened to his voice , ` jess - you have to stop this . 
 we have to meet up . 
 nat has just told me about the attack . 
 for goodness sake - do n't you think you have punished me enough ? 
 please answer this message ; i 'm worried sick about you . 
 i love you . 
 just answer - please . ' 
 tears sprung to her eyes , stupid - stupid pride . 
 she should answer it - wanted to answer it ; the bitterness replaced with yearning . 
 her hand hesitated over the phone . 
 she realized how awkward it was for all concerned . 
 the friends would feel obliged to invite him to the séance . 
 it was after all his hotel . 
 they could n't spurn him because of the quarrel . 
 maybe he would n't turn up . 
 part of her felt relieved at the thought , but another part longed for him to be there . 
 taking a deep breath , she knew she had to get this together - meet it with dignity . 
 even if her heart did threaten to leap through her chest . 
 dropping her hand to her side , she turned to the window , looking over the lake , the water dark and still , the mausoleum barely visible . 
 walking out to the balcony , she clutched the wrought-iron railing as she whispered , ` muriall - who are you ? 
 what do you want ? 
 re-entering the room , jess shut and locked the large windows . 
 she looked again at the phone ; it was late ; the wine had gone to head ; her speech might be fuzzy ; she might babble , or not make sense - best to leave it until she was quite sober . 
 but then , without the wine maybe she would n't find the courage to phone him . 
 after undressing and donning an oversized tee shirt , she brushed her hair , plating it into two long braids and pinning them on top of her head . 
 that familiar heaviness tugged at her eyes , as she climbed into the bed pulling the duvet up around her . 
 muriall struggled awake to becky pounding on the door . 
 ` milady , wake up , wake up . 
 unlocking the door , she met the frightened eyes of the maid , ` oh milady tis terrible news - you must come quickly . 
 tis the village of tanmore , the soldiers are tumbling the cottages . ' 
 splashing her face with water muriall flung on a fine lawn shirt hanging ready for her along with men 's underdrawers and her leather knee breeches . 
 oh god , this would happen with duncan on his way to jamaica . 
 pulling on thigh-high boots , she snatched up her riding crop and belt with her short sword . 
 whilst buckling it on , she dashed after the maid , shouting out to her to run to the stables and see her horse was saddled . 
 meanwhile , she ran to guy 's room . 
 ` guy , wake up , wake up guy , ' when he did n't answer , she pushed the door open , only to find the cluttered room empty . 
 running down the broad oak staircase , she made her way to the dining room but again , the room was empty . 
 seeing a servant scurrying by she shouted , ` where 's sir guy ? ' 
 ` he 's saddling his horse in the stables milady , tis such a terrible thing - a terrible thing . ' 
 hearing the clatter of horses ' hooves outside , she ran to find guy waiting for her , his delicate face paler than ever . 
 ` come on sis , seems the devils could n't wait . ' 
 she saw john the footman already saddled up along with the kennel man and head groom . 
 a couple of other male servants made up the group . 
 at least if there was a skirmish , they had enough manpower and weapons . 
 she just wished duncan was with them . 
 he would certainly have rounded up more men , and he was a formidable adversary . 
 as they rode to the village , muriall said , ` so the estate owner is evicting them ? ' 
 guy 's face was grim . 
 ` aye - he wants the land for grazing . ' 
 ` but surely he ca n't do this - how can he turn a whole village out of their homes ? 
 there must be ninety families living there . 
 they ca n't possibly turn starving families out of their very homes ? ' ' 
 t is within the estate owners ' rights . 
 they can do anything they like with the land ; you know the tenants have no rights at all . ' 
 ` but we know these tenants . 
 they are quite prosperous , built the cottages themselves . 
 do you remember ? 
 they saved the land , over four hundred acres , from the bog , split the stones up themselves and built the cottages with their own hands . 
 now that fiend is destroying their homes . 
 i know the tenants have the rent ready . 
 they are renowned for paying their rent upfront . 
 oh god - how is this allowed to happen ? ' ' 
 t is avarice - selfishness . 
 many of the estate owners just treat their tenants like animals . 
 look at father , he has them use tunnels . 
 he has forbidden any of them to show themselves when he is in residence . 
 he even has the tunnels running under the front lawns , so they can not be seen . 
 only the house servants are allowed above ground and that is through sheer necessity . ' 
 before reaching the village , they could hear the screams , smell the air acrid with smoke , hear the roar of soldiers ' voices . 
 the scene that met them tore at muriall 's heart . 
 it was a picture from dante 's inferno no less . 
 thatch , slates and stones flew through the air as the infantry tore off the roofs of the cottages . 
 a small canon boomed creating jagged holes in the stone walls , tumbling them to the ground . 
 muriall could see the villagers had been abed when the soldiers attacked the village . 
 some were half dressed , others still in their nightclothes . 
 men fought with spades and bits of wood only to be felled by armed militia . 
 women screamed holding onto doorposts , desperate to stay in a home now just a pile of rubble and burning wood . 
 their children sobbed clinging to their skirts . 
 guy with muriall following , led the group into the melee of muskets , swords and blood , screaming for the soldiers to desist . 
 riding up to the captain she shouted , ' i order you to stop now , i am from rhonan manor , and i order you by the name of the earl to desist . ' 
 the man trying to keep his horse quiet shouted back , ' i take orders from the general - forgive me but this work must be done . ' 
 turning her horse away from him , she cursed , ` damn you ; these are decent law-abiding people . 
 you are doing the devils work this day sir , the devil 's work . ' 
 guy rode to her side . ' 
 t is no use muriall - there is nothing we can do . 
 there are too many . 
 come let us go now . ' 
 ` never . ' 
 she screamed , ` i 'll fight them with every bone in my body . 
 come guy raise your sword and fight . 
 charging into the crowd , she swiped at the soldiers working on the cannons , trying to pull others from their horses . 
 they dare not touch her for she was one of the quality , yet neither did the soldiers fall back . 
 guy , john and the other men bravely took on the attackers , swords in hand to be met with broadswords or knocked to the ground fighting to keep out of the way of the horses , rearing terrified , their eyes wide , hooves chopping air . 
 leaping off her horse , muriall went to the aid of one young woman holding a baby whilst fighting to snatch some belongings from the smoking ruins , her child crying , clutching a rag doll . 
 using the flat of her sword , she struck a soldier on the back , whereupon , she rallied the horse around to hit another across the side of his head . 
 dazed , he looked at her with shocked eyes , before falling to the ground . 
 she turned to help the woman , snatching up a frying pan , bed linen and some clothes before escaping from the flames . 
 short of killing the soldiers , guy and muriall were almost helpless . 
 they could not turn them away . 
 horrified at the screams of the children , she looked to see older ones bravely trying to fight the soldiers with their bare fists only to be flung aside . 
 as she raced to towards them , to her horror , she saw a young man barley sixteen years old , try to defend his mother . 
 everything turned to slow motion as she ran to help him only to see the soldier lift his gun and shoot the lad in the head , hearing the mother 's anguished wail as he fell dying at her feet . 
 holding the weeping woman struggling in her arms muriall screamed at him , ` you bastard - i 'll kill you - kill you . ' 
 baring her teeth she let go of the mother lunging at him with her sword tip now pointed towards him . 
 the force of her thrust knocked him down . 
 together they rolled in the dirt and ashes of the ruin , the man narrowly escaping a fatal blow as her sword bounced off his chest armour . 
 the mother now screaming like a banshee leapt on him , fists flailing giving muriall the advantage . 
 snarling , clenching her teeth she yelled as she leapt to run him through only to feel herself lifted away . 
 guy 's voice rang out , ` do n't muriall - do n't hang for him . ' 
 still kicking , trying to escape his arms she cried , ` he killed a child guy - an innocent lad - i 'll murder him , run him through . ' 
 wresting the sword from her , he helped her back on her horse . 
 ` muriall - my braw brave girl - save yourself to help others . 
 tis all we can do now . ' 
 muriall put her head in her hands and wept . 
 as she wiped away the hot tears , she saw another child lying on the ground , her tiny body battered by horses ' hooves . 
 kicking her horse into a gallop she rode over to the captain , who was still on his horse watching the heart-wrenching turmoil , she said . 
 ` you will rue this day captain - do n't talk to me of duty - this is evil - the slaying of innocents . ' 
 he turned a weary head to her , his eyes glittering , ` he will pay for that act madam . 
 tis not our choice ; this day will burn in our hearts . 
 the order was not to shoot death into the crowd . 
 that blackguard will not live to see the night - that i promise you . ' 
 muriall turned her head to see the man now manacled , led out of the fighting . 
 chapter 33 jessie moaned , as if in pain , her body writhing between the sheets . 
 rivulets of sweat rippled down her face , running in beads onto her chest . 
 she was living a nightmare - muriall had reached out once more and drawn her into the shocking reality of the clearances . 
 part of her wanted to stay in the dream to see if muriall and guy could help the victims , the other part of her struggled to escape experiencing the sheer cruelty meted out to the helpless tenants . 
 thrashing her arms , she fought to escape , to gain consciousness . 
 forcing her eyes open , she blinked away the sweat , feeling her clothes wet to her skin . 
 swinging her legs off the side of the bed jessie rose to walk to the bathroom . 
 switching on the cold-water tap , scooping up handfuls of cold water , and bathing her face , she looked into the mirror , seeing the violet shadows beneath the eyes , the horror in her gaze . 
 had that really happened ? 
 had a landlord or estate owner been so callously cruel as to rip people from their own homes , burning them to the ground ? 
 did he ever feel remorse for those wretched people , innocent law-abiding citizens and defenseless children ? 
 they 'd paid the rent , goddamn . 
 where were the laws to protect them ? 
 jessie remembered the grim faces of the soldiers and something else in their eyes , a dreadful flatness , as if they were trying to blank out the devil himself . 
 how did they feel as their horses stamped on the fragile bodies of the children , on the mothers trying to save them ? 
 why was muriall showing her these gut-wrenching scenes ? 
 did she want retribution ? 
 but , how could jessie help two centuries later ? 
 it had all happened - there was nothing she could do . 
 it was like watching the appeals on television for somalia , sending money only to know that thousands of pounds would be swallowed down the ever hungry throats of corrupt governments . 
 it was too late for many of the helpless starving children . 
 even now in a century where technological advances challenged mortality itself , famines broke out . 
 even now , there were worlds of extremes , of celebrities earning millions , of children in the ghettos starving - dying . 
 did muriall want her descendants to know what she suffered ? 
 what scotland suffered ? 
 pouring herself a glass of water , she began to drink , only to find herself slipping back into the dream . 
 no , this could n't be happening . 
 powerless to resist , she felt the trance , numbing her body , her mind , as she slumped in the chair . 
 within hours not one cottage stood . 
 after the departure of the soldiers , the former tenants picked among the smoking ruins . 
 muriall worked alongside the evicted tenants . 
 nearby guy and the men , hurled debris aside helping those half buried under fallen doors and rubble . 
 added to their despair , on the estate owner 's orders , no help was to be given them from neighbours in the adjacent village . 
 they were to leave the estate for the coast before night . 
 not even the children or babies were to be offered shelter . 
 the stricken villagers now faced a night without food on the roads . 
 muriall , her face and clothes grimy with dirt and ashes saw a small cavalcade arrive . 
 she managed to smile as meg along with some servants arrived with a cart laden with food and clothes and bedding . 
 it was mutually decided to ignore the estate owner 's orders and to build a habitable space in the ruins with doorposts serving to hold a roof of branches and turf . 
 at least , that way they would have a couple of days to plan what they might do to survive the roads . 
 as night fell , so tenants from a neighbouring village crept in unseen to help . 
 the stricken victims sat with hearts broken in the ruins of what was once a beloved family home . 
 the remains of cherished kitchen dressers served as benches on which to sleep . 
 these people through the toil of their own hands had enjoyed a certain prosperity , but even that did not save them when the estate owner claimed the very land on which the cottages stood . 
 muriall watched meg handing out food , whilst she provided the half-naked villagers with warm clothes but sadly , there were not enough to go around , the villagers ' own clothes and bedding having been destroyed in the tumbling . 
 muriall waved a weary hand to guy , and others helping the men to try to build makeshift dwellings , chopping up branches , heaving loads of rescued turf . 
 at least that would give them some shelter against the cold and rain of the night hours . 
 dawn ushered in hell . 
 the soldiers were back to drive them from the very ruins . 
 again , with no warning , the broken people awoke to the thrum of horses ' hooves and the clash of metal swords . 
 muriall opened her eyes to see the soldiers surrounding the ruins ; weapons raised . 
 desperate cries wrought the air , ` ye canna do this ? 
 oh dear god in heaven save us - save us oh lord . ' 
 the people scattered pausing to scoop up their sobbing children as they climbed from the mud and ashes of the blackened holes , their only shelter . 
 one woman fell to her knees followed by others who held up their hands in prayer . 
 ` please mary mother of god , save us , save the wee bairns . 
 do not desert us mother mary - save our bairns . ' 
 but , the only replies were the coarse curses of the solders as they dragged them praying from the ruins . 
 muriall knew it was useless to fight , but she could at least see they were not roughly handled , ` get your bloody hands off her . ' 
 she cried as one soldier dragged a woman half dressed along the ground . 
 seeing her raised sword , he dropped the pitiful form . 
 clutching a handful of clothes with the odd cauldron , the people were forced off the estate and onto the open road now , only the ditches could offer any respite . 
 streams ran through some of the ditches ; others were almost a bog . 
 wearily , muriall rode alongside the evicted tenants , a child on her lap , another clinging on behind her . 
 riding alongside her with more children on his horse , guy said , ` muriall you 've had no rest . 
 you must go back to the manor , rest , eat and then return in warm clothing . 
 her eyes felt full of grit as she looked at him . 
 ` no , we have to see these people settled . 
 we must do what we can now . 
 besides i would not rest . 
 you know that . 
 i am strong i can carry on . ' 
 ` but muriall ? ' 
 ` no guy - please , there are over four hundred people here , let 's find somewhere for them at least for tonight . 
 thank god , some people from the other estates have ignored the threats of the estate owners ; they have come en masse to help us . 
 even if it means they too could lose their homes . 
 they 've brought clothes , blankets , food , cooking pots , dry wood . 
 they can help build the shelters in some of the dryer ditches . 
 but , guy it 's shocking , only yesterday these people were abed in their own homes , a fire in their grates , warm kitchens , pretty parlours and now this . 
 they built those cottages guy , saved the land from the bog . 
 not much is getting into the newspapers . 
 these innocent hardworking people have done nothing to deserve such treachery . 
 the world does not know yet . 
 and when it does , it will be too late for many of them here . ' 
 with a sob , she clutched the child to her breast . 
 even in a state of shock , the courage of the scottish people shone through , some singing , others talking quietly and yet others softly bewailing their fate . 
 yet , their spirit was not yet broken , neither did they blame their god , as they set to building the shelters in the ditches . 
 some men dug as others stamped down the ground . 
 the women gathered branches and turf in readiness for the makeshift roofs . 
 by nightfall , the fires were lit on the roadside and the food cooking , but it was not enough . 
 many tonight would go hungry for yet another night . 
 muriall wondered how long the food would last . 
 the neighbours could only share so much as they themselves were near starving . 
 mud seeped into the bottom of the ditch as muriall awoke to light filtering through the branches overhead . 
 the earthen walls of their tomb seeming to shake as the occupants awoke to a dull thudding . 
 pushing aside a couple of the branches overhead , she heard men shouting . 
 ` they 're here again - tis the soldiers . ' 
 muriall tried not to disturb the sleeping child as she climbed to her feet . 
 her whole body ached from half sitting half lying huddled among the evicted tenants . 
 wearily , she wiped streaks of mud from her eyes as she peered into the distance . 
 yes , they were coming ; she could see the flash of sunlight on steel . 
 dear god - what now ? 
 groups of people were already about , as dawn peeled back the night . 
 joining guy , who stood quietly talking to a group of men , she heard him say , ` they will not attack us surely , these are ditches , the people must rest somewhere . 
 they must be on their way to yet another estate . ' 
 his words were cut short as the soldiers neared their weapons raised menacingly . 
 a woman screamed ; others began to shout as muriall watched some soldiers alight from their horses and begin tearing off the roofs of the shelters , dragging out the screaming people . 
 her heart pounding muriall ran forward , what was happening now ? 
 surely , they could n't be evicting them from the ditches , from mud-filled holes in the ground ? 
 running to her horse , she untethered him and leapt on his back . 
 she looked a mess ; a beggar with a filthy mud streaked face , and dirt caked clothes , as she joined guy , who was now speaking angrily to the captain . 
 she caught his words , ` this is beyond belief captain - how in hell 's name can you evict these people from the ditches ? 
 they are past the boundaries of the estate surely ? 
 the captain shook his head bringing out a map , ` sir ; they may be beyond lord tanmore 's estate , but they are now on lord gallagher 's estate . 
 they must keep to the roads until they reach the forests and the coast . ' 
 guy 's face whitened . 
 ` you ca n't do this - in god 's name man they will perish for sure , tis only the bogs and the forests left to them . ' 
 shaking his head , guy turned to see muriall approach . 
 it 's no use muriall - there is nothing we can do . ' 
 muriall bit her lip . 
 for once , she was lost for words . 
 neither guy nor she could start fighting ; people would be hurt more than they were now . 
 looking at the captain she said , ` how can you live with yourself . 
 could you not have turned a blind eye to this ? 
 could you not let these poor people rest ? 
 at least let the children eat ? ' 
 the captain looked at her with dreadful eyes , his speech almost a whisper . ' 
 i am sworn to serve my general - t ` would be treason to disobey . 
 i and my men would be hung or shot madam . 
 may god forgive me for this day 's work . ' 
 guy spoke softly , ` come sister ; you are needed at the manor - there are others there who are near starving - dying . 
 let us go . ' 
 muriall bit her lip , her eyes brimming with tears , as she whispered , ` captain let them eat first - please . ' 
 the captain bowed his head , ` of course madam - then we must escort these people from the estates . 
 be assured no one will be hurt . 
 death will go hungry today . ' 
 chapter 34 power jets washed away foaming shampoo , yet they could not clear the tortured thoughts . 
 she still had n't returned any of his calls or text messages . 
 wounds ran deep , the pain rising when douglas thought of cilla and marnie . 
 he vowed he 'd never let a woman have that kind of power again . 
 of course , he 'd enjoy a woman , sex , fun , but not closeness , nothing that involved the heart . 
 the sight of jess excited him , that beautiful body , the full curve of her breast ; the rounded buttock set the nerves of his skin on edge . 
 when she told him of her early life , he 'd found himself drawn to her , wanting to protect her , he knew what being a father was all about , the love for a daughter who could fill the heart with ecstasy or maul it to strips of bleeding flesh . 
 yet , jess never knew that love , never felt a father 's arms holding her , lifting her up in the air playing . 
 he could not forget the look in her eyes when she talked of her father . 
 just , six words . 
 `` he died in a hunting accident . '' 
 when he walked away from the bench , he was shocked with his depth of feeling for her . 
 but , he was fighting for his daughter . 
 he could see marnie slipping away again if jess took the estate . 
 dressing in a clean tee-shirt and denims , he resolved she was going to face him . 
 they had to talk it out . 
 minutes later , he took the lift to the first floor bolstering his courage to face jessie . 
 confusion raged ; he did n't want to lose her , yet he did n't want to be committed . 
 he decided to go with the moment . 
 as he approached the door , he stopped wondering what on earth he was going to say . 
 his hand poised to knock , he heard voices ; a man 's raised in anger , jess sobbing . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 he went to turn away but then heard jess cry out in pain as the man shouted , ` by god d'you think you could keep this a secret ? 
 he sha n't have you - i 'll kill you before ... '' she was in danger , his heart thudding ; douglas shoved at the door , but it was locked . 
 now he heard movement , a low groan , scrabbling in his pocket ; he found the master key , frantically turning it in the lock . 
 he pushed the door open . 
 the room was empty . 
 confused , he walked into the sitting room - nothing . 
 checking the en suite , he felt almost a waiting silence as he checked the shower empty , except for a soft towelling robe with an embroidered pink collar , he glanced over the marble sink and shelves noting the bottles of perfume , smelling jasmine with underlying tones of musk . 
 flashes of their tryst by the lake rose in his mind , the sweetness of her , and the slender curves , the passion . 
 he shut out the thoughts , as he again checked the sitting room and bedroom . 
 going over to the window , he flicked aside the voile curtain , feeling a slight pang as he searched the people boating on the lake whilst others strolled by admiring the abundance of flowers in the herbaceous borders . 
 he saw a man standing still looking up at him or the window . 
 he was in his early twenties , light brown hair , glinting gold , look directly at him , his white frilled shirt and tight pantaloons , quite at odds with the usual summer wear of tee shirts , jeans or shorts - must be going to a fancy dress party or something . 
 he frowned as the guy crossing his arms , gave a slight smirk . 
 who the hell was he ? 
 letting the curtain fall he frowned , he 'd felt sure people were in this room , he could n't have imagined the voices , anger , cries . 
 maybe it was in the next suite ? 
 locking the door behind him , he went down the corridor to the room knocking lightly on the door but there was no reply . 
 walking towards the lift , he felt his flesh creep . 
 was the room haunted ? 
 was jess being haunted ? 
 possessed ? 
 no ... impossible . 
 it was all this talk of ghosts that was playing on his mind . 
 *** after checking into airport , jessie made her way to the private planes . 
 to her delight , daisy stood tail wagging on the top of the flight of steps with james the dog handler . 
 his face wreathed in a smile , his white hair and equally white beard shimmering in the sun . 
 holding her arms wide she watched daisy weave her chunky body down the steps . 
 with a huge smile on the black lips , she jumped almost knocking jessie over . 
 ` daisy , daisy , dear little girl . ' 
 james laughed delightedly , ` little girl miss. . 
 jessie ? 
 why she 's a rhino . ' 
 jess hugged the strong neck covered in masses of white curls , the plumed tail with fur over a foot long fanning the air . 
 for those short moments , jess felt at peace . 
 there was nothing could hurt or frighten her , not when she had this wonderful dog , this friend in her arms . 
 taking the leash from james , she hugged him as he walked with her to her car . 
 ` now she had a good trip miss jessie . 
 why she 's had four meals , drank a gallon of water and asked for her treats . ' 
 jessie laughed out loud , ` that sounds about right . 
 oh james , i ca n't thank you enough for looking after her . ' 
 she choked remembering the awful row last week with douglas . 
 james looked down at her seeing distress in her eyes , thinking maybe she 'd missed daisy . 
 ` why we missed you . 
 you come straight back with her when you 're ready now . ' 
 jessie nodded her arms full of daisy , with james 's arm around her shoulders . 
 this is where her heart lay with her dog and the people , she knew and loved . 
 as she got daisy safely into the car , with the dog guard up , daisy immediately started barking at every person and car that came near . 
 she was already guarding the situation . 
 jess laughed at the familiar game . 
 it was the only time daisy did bark . 
 she was the world 's best friend and the world 's worst guard dog . 
 she would welcome a burglar with a smile of pure joy , leaping and rolling around ready to play . 
 as far as she was concerned , another friend had come to visit her . 
 but , she was a deterrent , huge with almost inch long fangs albeit continually showing through her wonderful black lipped smile . 
 to hug her , feel the chunky body wriggling with joy , was worth the micro-chipping , vaccination . 
 jess put down the windows as they drove . 
 the waves on the lochs danced with light contrasting with the dark majesty of towering mountains . 
 as jessie drove through the gothic gates to the estate , the gargoyles seemed to leer , ` beware , all ye who enter here . ' 
 she wished to god she was back in new york . 
 rhonan manor gave her nothing but grief , pain that she never thought possible to endure . 
 passing the purple glory of the copper beeches , the darkness of the rhododendrons interspersed with the silvery bark of the birches , she looked out for the deer that would wander through to the luscious meadows now filled with the scents and colours of wild flowers , the pinks , purples , reds and white inviting one to roam , touch and smell . 
 she heard daisy 's whimper , pressing her nose to the window , and as she espied a lone buck , the antlers proud . 
 the dog , fairly leapt with joy as the does followed with fawns prancing . 
 jess grinned knowing daisy would love to run with them . 
 being such a gentle nature , she would not harm them , to her , they were yet more friends . 
 arriving at the sweeping lawns and the lake , daisy yelped as a heron gracefully lifted a long leg picking its way through lily pads . 
 jess 's heart leapt to her throat as she saw douglas actually standing by the lake watching her , the muscles in his face tightening . 
 it seemed he 'd been waiting . 
 as he raised his hand signalling for her to stop , her teeth clenched , yet her stomach rippled with hope . 
 part of her wanted to drive on , ignore him , after all , what did they have to say to each other now , whilst the other part wanted to stop the car , leap out of the door and hug him . 
 letting out an exasperated breath , she did stop the car , staring stonily at him through the open window , waiting for him to speak . 
 ` jess , i need to speak to you - please . ' ' 
 i do n't think there 's anything to talk about do you ? ' 
 ` please jess , i was out of order . ' 
 ` out of order ? 
 bastard . 
 now if you do n't mind ? ' 
 ` jess it 's important . 
 this is n't just about us . ' 
 jess glared at him before winding up the window , and driving on . 
 chapter 35 jessie opened the door sensing it was douglas . 
 eyes smouldering she stepped aside . 
 ` you 'd better come in , but keep it short . ' 
 as he stepped through the door , inside , daisy hit him full force in the chest , her tongue lolling out of smiling black lips , eyes laughing . 
 jess ground her teeth . 
 daisy took away all dignity , for her everything was geared to the game . 
 catching hold of the leather studded collar , she tried to drag the dog across the floor into the sitting room , ` just follow us , she 'll calm down in a minute . 
 she 's so friendly . ' 
 more than you are , douglas thought . 
 he covered a laugh as he watched jessie slither to her knees trying to drag the huge dog away . 
 he could see the bond between them as she scolded whilst daisy plonked huge front paws on the floor refusing to move . 
 then the dog promptly lay down on the floor and rolled onto her back , paws up in the air , pink belly on show . 
 jessie stuttered . 
 ` she knows i ca n't move her , little bugger . ' 
 putting her arms around daisy 's chest under her front legs , she tried to drag her , but the dog did n't move an inch . 
 douglas tried not to grin . 
 ` maybe if i went first , she 'd follow ? ' 
 struggling , jessie gasped , ` god , she 's worse than ever , yes , go - go first . ' 
 stepping over the prostrate dog and jess , douglas noticed a black cat sitting on the windowsill , gazing out at the lake . 
 it turned a serene head to flash green eyes at him . 
 he felt a momentary shiver that was a mean look . 
 he loved cats but there was something about this one that made him take a step back . 
 ` did n't know you had a cat ? ' 
 ` no i have n't , but this one seems to have taken up residence with us . 
 strange thing is , daisy has n't tried to kill it . 
 the two things she races after , teeth gnashing are birds or cats . 
 i mean i ca n't hold her on a lead if she sees either . ' 
 knowing that he still had to try and make amends with jessie , he said , ` do you want me to take it away ? ' 
 ` no - no , i love cats and this one is really friendly and is so good with daisy . 
 no - let it stay . ' 
 knowing her love of animals , douglas said , `` all you need now then is a cockatoo or something . '' 
 jessie managed a smile . 
 `` no i 'll draw the line there . 
 i mean i would love to have a mina bird they have such strong voices and sound so human when they speak , but i would have to have it in a cage . 
 i 'm actually terrified of them ; i ca n't stand them flying around me . 
 i 've even crawled under the table to get away from a budgie . '' 
 seeing the opportunity to engage her in conversation , he said , ` we 're thinking of having a menagerie of exotic birds . 
 we could get a mina . 
 it should draw in the crowd . 
 good idea . ' 
 animals seemed a safe subject , although he did wonder why on earth , she 'd paid all that money to bring daisy over . 
 one private jet , just for a dog , but then in a way , he was grateful . 
 the dog certainly broke the ice today and the cat , although mean except to jessie and daisy , was a godsend . 
 as he sat down on the settee , daisy leapt on the seat beside him , panting happily in his face . 
 she smelt of baby shampoo and chappie . 
 biting back a smile , jessie knew it was useless trying to look aloof , instead she said , ` got expelled from two puppy training schools . 
 thinks she 's the alpha female . 
 i 'm second in the pack ' douglas laughed , and then caught sight of the cat who hissed , showing sharp fangs . 
 jessie saw the show of anger . 
 ` phantom that 's enough now . ' 
 the black cat blinked then gazed at her with widened eyes , innocence itself . 
 ` ah , he 's just jealous . 
 he feels threatened by another male - he 's guarding his territory . ' 
 as she turned to look at him , douglas held her eyes , as he said , ` ca n't we start again ? 
 look i 've been an absolute fool . 
 if you 'd just listen , maybe you could forgive me . ' 
 seeing anguish in his face , knuckles white , she said , ` okay , i 'm listening . ' 
 daisy lay collapsed beside him , her head on his lap . 
 stroking the soft white ear , he said , ` i 'm divorced . 
 i did n't tell you because it 's not the sort of thing you talk about on a first date . 
 i 've also got a small daughter . 
 my wife cilla left me for another man and took my baby daughter , marnie with her . ' 
 jess rose from her seat as she saw his face blanch . 
 ` look can i get you a drink ? 
 tea - coffee - brandy ? ' ' 
 a soft drink would be fine . 
 thanks . ' 
 he paused , watching her move to the fridge . 
 ` what am i saying ? 
 you do n't want to hear about this . ' 
 handing him the glass of orange juice , jess said , ' i do , i 'm just so sorry that ? ' ' 
 i needed to explain , i 've been a bastard . ' 
 ` yes you have . ' ' 
 i wanted half custody , but cilla made it so difficult , so i ended up with visiting rights , but they did n't pan out . 
 she made it so difficult for marnie and me to meet . 
 when i inherited this place , it was a big decision . 
 i knew i would n't be able to see much of marnie . 
 i felt i was deserting her . 
 i thought maybe if i made a go of the place i 'd have the money to fight my wife in the courts . ' 
 he stopped , finding his chest tightening , his breath coming in gasps . 
 ` try and breathe from the diaphragm , take it slowly . ' 
 jessie could see the tell-tale signs of the panic attack coming on . 
 ` let me help you . ' 
 going over to him , jessie said , ` i 'm just going to put my hands on your diaphragm and rib cage , and get you breathing properly . 
 now when you breathe in , feel your stomach expanding against my hand . ' 
 douglas closed his eyes trying to concentrate . 
 he pushed against the gentle pressure of her hand , felt her guiding the breath . 
 slowly , his chest softened , his ribs expanding . 
 ` thanks . ' 
 ` do you suffer from panic attacks a lot ? ' 
 ` yes , it 's a long story . ' 
 ` i 'm not going anywhere . ' 
 even though she still hurt from his rejection last week , the therapist in her over-rode everything else . 
 ` just start where you like . 
 it will help you to talk about it . 
 i 'll get you out of the panic attack in a minute if necessary . ' 
 she went back to her seat , watching daisy lick his hand , laying her head back on his lap gazing mournfully up at him . 
 she did n't try to move the dog as she knew stroking her would help douglas . 
 ` she was still sleeping with me when she went off with him . 
 i did n't have any warning . 
 marnie was only eighteen months old . 
 i came home from school one day and found them gone . 
 i searched everywhere for them , panicked , but in my heart , i knew they 'd gone . 
 i found out where they were living and started following them ; i could hardly control the rage . 
 anyway , one day i followed them to a picnic resort . 
 it was a quarry really ; the local council developed the site turning it into a boating lake . 
 i kept my distance and watched the slimy bastard sitting there with them . 
 then i watched as he took marnie to a boat . 
 i wanted to run over and stop him . 
 it was just a father 's protective instinct i guess . ' 
 jessie bit her lip ; this was so painful for him , and she could see his eyes looking inward as if he was re-living the scene . 
 ` he started rowing - did n't put a life jacket on her - stupid bugger . 
 i went to the water 's edge , saw marnie wave at her mum and then the bastard stood up waving his arms as if it was some big joke . 
 it all went into slow motion , the boat turning over ; marnie 's small arms reaching towards the water , people shouting . 
 i threw off my shoes and leapt in . 
 the water was so damn deep , and dark . 
 i swam out to the spot and dived , but i could n't see her . 
 i did n't have goggles and i just could n't do anything . 
 oh god ... ' the tears bubbled in his eyes . 
 jess went over to him and sat on the side of the settee holding his shoulder . 
 ` i 'm so sorry . ' ' 
 i knew it was hopeless . 
 the mud was thick on the bottom . 
 i had to get air . 
 my lungs were bursting . 
 i knew if i did n't get air , i could n't save her , so i shot to the top to get another lung full . 
 then someone grabbed my shoulder shouting , ` we 've got her mate - got her . ' 
 i thought he was saying , ` we 've lost her . ' 
 thought he was trying to save me . 
 i struggled ; started punching him , but another guy swam up and screamed at me . ' 
 he paused taking a sip of his drink , a muscle working in his jaw as he continued , ` he shouted , `` she 's okay , okay . '' 
 i passed out - been down too long . 
 they dragged me out and i just lay there . 
 as i came too on the bank , the paramedics worked on her , but she was n't breathing . 
 i got up and started yelling , looking for the bastard . 
 he was standing there watching them with cilla holding his arm crying . 
 i slugged him hard . 
 cilla was screaming . 
 god i just lost it . 
 you know ? 
 lost it . ' 
 he rubbed the sides of the glass , his hands steadying ; ` she was in a coma for three days . 
 they said because the water was so cold at that depth , it saved her . 
 after that i went to court again , but they ruled it was an accident , a stupid one on his part , but they still got custody . 
 can you believe it ? ' 
 jessie rose and got him some more water . 
 ` so that 's where the phobia started - of lakes ? ' 
 ` yeah , i did n't know i had it until i went back to the lake again . 
 as i stood looking out over the water to the spot where it happened , i felt this horror , a kind of paralysis , my heart was thundering , eyes fixed , staring , i could n't move , if anyone saw me , they would have thought i was mad . 
 the shaking started , then the need to vomit . 
 i know now that i ca n't even talk when i 'm in that state . 
 i feel so lost , alone ; who the hell can understand that , i 'm not mad , it 's just this terrible fear . ' 
 ` you 're not alone - i can help you . 
 douglas realized that they had reached another level in this traumatic relationship . 
 he felt a hard body bump into his leg . 
 he gazed down into the narrowed eyes of the cat that arched its back hissing . 
 phantom , the name suited . 
 he took hold of jessie 's hand . 
 ` are you going to tell me about it ? ' 
 ` about what ? ' 
 ` the attack - last night . 
 nat said you were petrified . ' 
 jessie took her hand away , ` oh - err ... i 'd rather not . ' 
 ` nat tells me some demon hurt you ? ' 
 ` what 's the use of talking about it , you do n't believe in these things . ' ' 
 i believe you were hurt - that you suffered . 
 have you thought of seeing a doctor ? ' 
 jessie stiffened her face tensing as she bit her lip . 
 ` you 're really saying i hallucinated are n't you ? ' 
 douglas looked down unable to face the hurt in her eyes . 
 ` something like that . ' 
 ` well let me assure you i do n't need a psychiatrist . 
 i am a psychologist . 
 i know the signs . 
 let 's just say we beg to differ . 
 at the moment , i am more concerned about you . 
 you need to get that phobia sorted otherwise it could generalize until anything to do with water could send you into a panic . 
 so let me help you . ' 
 chapter 36 douglas looked down biting his lip . 
 he 'd tried so many ways to overcome this fear . 
 all failed so far . 
 he directed his gaze to jess . 
 ` i 've had behaviour therapy , medication , hypnosis , but it has n't taken away the fear . 
 it just helps me so that i can go near a lake . ' 
 ` so , it may not be just that particular incident . 
 if it was , it would be an exogenous fear , one brought about by outside influences . 
 but , if as you say nothing has helped so it 's something within you . 
 the accident only helped to bring it to the fore . 
 a phobia really means there is something in your unconscious buried deep , too intolerable for you to bear . 
 so , the mind is very clever . 
 it has covered it with a phobia , that way you can cope with life . 
 whilst you 're worrying about the phobia , your mind is occupied , so the real terror can not rise to the surface of your mind . ' 
 ` but , you 're supposed to be on vacation . ' 
 ` my work is my life douglas - without it ; i 'd just dry up and wither away as they say . ' 
 ` so what about you and me ? ' 
 jess lowered her eyes , ` can we leave it for a while . 
 i ca n't go back - i need space now . 
 it seems every man i pick rejects me , one way or another . 
 sometimes i think i do it deliberately , knowing they 'll leave me . ' 
 ` like your dad ? ' 
 she nodded . ' 
 i know he died , but a child does n't know that , does n't accept it . 
 i used to sit on the windowsill when was i about three years old and pretend i had a dad , that he was walking down the street , walking home to me . 
 i thought if i pretended hard enough it would come true . 
 i 'd wave , and people would think i was waving at them and wave back . 
 children do have deep feelings at that age you know . 
 they 're anxious if their parents leave them to go to work , or go out for an evening . 
 so , i should have got over it . 
 but ... ' douglas took her hand , ' i did n't mean to hurt you jessie , when you showed me the locket , first i thought it was another fraudster , then i thought there was a chance you were the heir , and marnie 's face swam before my eyes - i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` we seem to be saying sorry a lot today . ' 
 douglas stroked the pale delicate hand , so small in his . 
 he longed to hold her in his arms , feel her heart beating next to his . 
 he knew then he would never leave her , never leave the child in this woman 's body , the child waiting on that windowsill . 
 if only she would have him back . 
 he knew in that instant that he loved her , a love that came from the depths of his being , an exquisite pain slicing through flesh and mind . 
 they had only just met , been together only a short while , but already she was in him , part of him . 
 his love would take them through life into death and beyond . 
 lovers ' thoughts , lovers ' sorrows . 
 if only - if only he could take it all back . 
 but , ` if only ' were the two saddest words in the english language . 
 *** with the blinds and curtains drawn for the séance , the room looked suitably dark and sombre . 
 the only relief came from candlelight flickering over the walls , picking up the golden fleur de lys in the wallpaper . 
 a faint aroma of lavender and sage wafted from pot pouris scattered on small occasional tables . 
 jessie was glad the two animals were safely ensconced in the kennels for the night . 
 any psychic gathering would really upset them ; animals were so sensitive to the presence of spirit . 
 noticing lucy 's questioning gaze as tchaikovsky 's pathetique flooded the room , dinah said , ` the music draws spirit . 
 mediums encourage sitters to sing nursery songs , or whatever makes sound . 
 then there 're the scents as well , they cleanse , drawing in spirits from the higher spheres ' twining her fingers in a lock of pale blond hair lucy said , ' i thought we were here to exorcise the woman in the painting - muriall ? ' 
 ` oh no , we 're just going to sit in a circle , and hope muriall comes through . 
 i think she needs help . 
 there 's something terribly sad about her . ' 
 dinah said , ` jess 's dreamt about her and the dreams do n't bode well . ' 
 douglas shifted in his seat . 
 he did n't want to be here , but if it meant being with her , so be it . 
 it was n't as if she was asking him to believe . 
 he looked at the ouija on the table , with scraps of paper with the words of the alphabet placed in a circle around it , and the words ` yes ' and ` no ' positioned at each end of the table . 
 george said , ' i thought we were just going to sit and hold hands . 
 this is a ouija board is n't it ? 
 i 've heard it can attract evil - well it does in films . ' 
 dinah laughed . 
 ` no that 's just fantasy . 
 anyway , this manor does n't have any dark history does it ? ' 
 nat frowned . 
 ` well yeah , it does really ; maximillian , lord duncan 's younger brother was killed in a duel . 
 around the same time , lord duncan supposedly drowned himself and father o'reilly swears blind there 's a darker spirit here . ' 
 lucy said , ` it 's been a place of horror . 
 george and i had a day out . 
 we drove over fifty miles to the clearances museum . 
 they give lectures and slide shows on the clearances of 1810 onwards . 
 thousands of people starved to death here . ' 
 dinah groaned . 
 ` aw lucy , do n't - ca n't bear to hear of it . ' 
 ` they had to bear it , families evicted from their cottages , living in holes in the road , children crying , dying on their feet . ' 
 jess said . 
 ` you 're right lucy , there have been some terrible , heartbreaking things happening here . 
 maybe we should n't go on with this . 
 it 's too powerful - too dark . ' 
 the ouija board moved as she spoke . 
 jess clenched her teeth . 
 ` no we ca n't go on . 
 it 's too dark . ' 
 ` shut up . ' 
 a deep voice sliced the air and their hearts with terror . 
 ` ye can not leave now . 
 it 's started . ' 
 douglas tried to stand , but george pushed him back down . 
 ` look at lucy . ' 
 unconscious , lucy lay slumped in her seat , her mouth partly open . 
 in shocked silence , they saw a thin wisp of smoke escape through her mouth , thickening , building into a balloon shape drifting over the table . 
 dinah cried out , as a skeletal head emerged from the smoke , the teeth clacking together . 
 jess 's heart jumped as a male voice boomed out , ` can ye bear the suffering ? 
 can ye bear to see our people dying , crying for food , bones sticky with fever , sucking them dry ? ' 
 dinah tried not to run , as the skull zoomed in front of her , her heart pounding as it snapped its teeth the air in front of her , drawing nearer . 
 more smoke exuded from lucy 's mouth . 
 jess whispered , ` it 's ectoplasm . ' 
 chapter 37 douglas felt his heart drumming in his ears . 
 christ it was true , bloody true , life after death . 
 god , but not this - not this . 
 he crouched as the ectoplasm swirled above them , spiralling into the form of a young woman , her hair , scarlet trails of blood , socketless eyes turning to them . 
 she uncovered a tiny skeleton ; long vaporous fingers stroking the yellow baby skull , small toothless jaws clicking as it suckled at her breast . 
 hovering over them , she disappeared only to appear behind them gliding towards the writing desk . 
 they watched in shocked silence as she began to croon ` bye baby bunting , daddy 's gone a huntin ... ' no one dared to speak as the room became ice cold , their breath tendrils of smoke . 
 lucy groaned ejecting a dense cloud of smoke . 
 another voice , deep , husky sneered , ` death comes . 
 she shall be mine . 
 ye shall never have her . ' 
 despite his horror , douglas cried out , ` whose death , who ? ' 
 ` the bitch is dead . ' 
 the dense cloud drifted over to jess , the livid face of a man stretching forth , the eyes weeping pus , the teeth , yellow dripping slime , a face from the grave . 
 ` she has always been mine . ' 
 douglas gave a startled cry as jess almost disappeared in a cloak of black smoke . 
 he lunged forward , deaf to dinah 's warning , clutching at jess trying to pull her to him . 
 ` get back to hell you evil bastard . ' 
 as he held her , he felt a viscous slime dripping over both of them , into his eyes , his nostrils , mouth . 
 choking , fighting to wipe away the mess , he heard jess coughing , gasping for breath , the slime spilling from her lips , he dug his fingers into her mouth trying to clear it , she was choking . 
 to his terror , muriall 's wraith floated before him , the skeletal hands reaching out to jess , the tiny jaws of the shrunken baby gnashing . 
 his hands shook , as he tried to brush the wasted appendages away from jess 's face , but in vain . 
 in horror , he watched the bony fingers wriggle inside jess 's mouth , pulling out streams of slime . 
 he wanted to get up and run , but was rooted to the spot . 
 to his terror and relief , he saw the flow of gel become small globules as jess vomited out a mass of slime onto the table . 
 her eyes fluttered open , chest heaving as she began to breathe . 
 slowly , muriall removed the emaciated fingers from jess 's mouth and turned her head towards dinah , drifting towards her singing ` bye baby bunting , daddy 's gone a huntin ... ' dinah backed away , shouting , ` our father who art in heaven - ' a dark voice bellowed over muriall 's lullaby , ` time to fly ... time to die ... the piglet is screaming , prissy is fucking a demon and i am dreaming of drinking your fucking blood . ' 
 a gale shrieked through the room , curtains billowing , ornaments smashing to the floor . 
 the chandelier swung dangerously above them , a teardrop crystal falling as if in slow motion cutting lucy on the forehead . 
 nat ran to her , trying to lift her as the blood streamed over her face into her mouth , he cried , ` she 's drowning in her own blood . ' 
 dinah shouted at him . 
 ` paint the cross on her skin nat . 
 do it - do it now . ' 
 nat trembled as he dipped in his fingers in lucy 's bright blood spewing from the mouth , spraying his face and clothes . 
 grimly , he plastered a ragged cross on her forehead . 
 lifting her , he pleaded , ' breathe lucy - breathe . ' 
 she jolted in his arms , the blood now just a dribble . 
 george ran to the windows , pulling open the curtains , tearing at the blinds , whilst dinah switched on the lights . 
 the dark mist cleared as george fell to his knees shocked . 
 ` christ all bloody mighty , what was that ? ' 
 tears streamed from jess 's eyes as she panted , ` hell - george - hell . ' 
 nat whipped his cell phone from his pocket . 
 tapping in the numbers , he said , ` father o'reilly - father its nat here . 
 can you come quickly ? 
 things are bad - bad here ... yeah . 
 i 'll tell you when you get here ... we are in the mermaid suite ... yeah mermaid suite ... i 'll meet you outside . ' 
 he put down the phone . 
 ` he 's none too pleased . 
 but , he 's coming . ' 
 douglas scowled ` you did n't need to do that , christ ; we 've had enough already . ' 
 he stroked jess 's hair , his fingers brushing away the last spots of gel from her lips . 
 ` darling - you okay ? ' 
 jess raised her eyes to his , and nodded her arm curling around his neck . 
 dinah almost whispered , ` muriall - she saved your life jess . 
 did you see the baby ? ' 
 jess spoke , her voice low in wonder , ` yes - it was awful , but she saved us di . 
 i felt her bones , her fingers down my throat - ca n't believe it di . 
 my throat is so sore . '' 
 nat held lucy in his arms , tenderly brushing away the matted hair from her bloodied forehead . 
 as he felt her shudder , he gently kissed her murmuring , ` it 's okay sweetheart - it 's okay - i 've got you now . ' 
 douglas looked over to nat , ` thank god - it 's cleared . 
 we do n't need the priest to whip it all up again . ' 
 holding lucy tight , nat said , ` this place is dammed doug . 
 we opened the door to hell , and o'reilly 's the only one who can close it . ' 
 ` but it 's all quiet - gone . ' 
 ` so you think . 
 but , evil like that just does n't go away . 
 it 's bloody playing with us . ' 
 dinah rose to go to george , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room . 
 ` bye baby bunting daddy 's gone hunting ... ' ` did you hear that ? ' 
 dinah crouched closer to george . 
 ` oh god do n't say it 's happening again . 
 we 've got to get out of here . ' 
 *** hunched over , lighting his pipe , father o'reilly clicked off his lighter . 
 squinting through the smoke he coughed , his voice rasping . 
 ` stupid , that 's what ye be , stupid , playing with the devil . ' 
 nat said , ` father , it was just a small circle ? ' 
 douglas felt needles of anger nicking his spine ; he was talking to them as if they were bloody kids ` we certainly did n't invite it ; it was only a séance just a ouija board and bits of paper for christ 's sake . ' 
 ` do n't be taking the lord 's name in vain boy . 
 sure , ye conjured up demons that 's what ye did . 
 did ye have no sense ? ' 
 he thrust the tobacco bag pouch back into the pocket of his shabby coat . 
 jessie stiffened . 
 boy ? 
 douglas thirty-four . 
 he really was an offensive old man - rude - bad mannered . ' 
 i just thought ? ' 
 ` so it was you was it young lady ? ' 
 taking his pipe from his mouth , he snarled showing stubs of brown stained teeth . 
 ` so tell me now . 
 what pushed you to peer into hell ? ' 
 douglas put an arm around her . 
 ` that 's a bit much . 
 she was only -- ' ` bit much ? 
 bit much did ye say ? 
 better that , than she loses her soul , than be dragged down into the pit . ' 
 he pushed his pipe squarely into his mouth , puffing . 
 dinah tried to quell the rising tension . 
 ` muriall saved jess 's life tonight . 
 we think she 's haunting jess . 
 she 's having dreams - muriall appeared on a canvas jess is painting . ' 
 ` and would you be telling me who you are ? ' 
 ` dinah - dinah shibley , a cousin of jess . ' 
 the priest 's eyes gleamed . 
 ` beautiful enough for the fey . 
 ye 'll have to watch they do n't fetch you away . ' 
 dinah blushed , catching hold of a lock of hair . 
 he shuffled over to the armchair , lowering his body into the comfort of the cushions . 
 ` muriall , is a sweet soul , an angel , tis not her that is haunting ye , as ye say she 'll be after protecting ye . ' 
 douglas sprang to his feet . 
 ` protecting ? 
 she 's frightening the life out of jessie . ' 
 ` so tell me now , what is our angel doing ? ' 
 ` she 's possessing jessie in dreams ; now she 's appearing on a canvas holding a baby , a skeleton . 
 it makes you shudder to look at it . 
 jess was painting a scene of the lake and the mausoleum . 
 she left it for a few minutes , covering it up with a cloth . 
 when she came back , muriall was painted standing inside the mausoleum ' ` ah , poor wee soul , she is searching for something , waiting . ' 
 ` that 's why we wanted to help her . ' 
 dinah said , looking over to jessie . 
 turning to jess , the priest asked , ` and why d'you think she would be after helping you ? ' 
 douglas spoke up . ' 
 i think there 's a connection father . 
 jess showed me two scraps of paper the other day , and a locket ? ' 
 ` hah , the locket again . 
 do ye not get tired of looking at bloody lockets ? ' 
 ` no father , this time i think there is something . 
 jess could you get the papers , and the locket please ? ' 
 as jessie walked over the desk , the priest 's eyes widened . 
 ` is that not the desk from the attic ? ' 
 ` yes father , we - ' ' i told ye to burn it . 
 it 's possessed - a devil 's gateway . ' 
 ` but father i did n't know it was in here . 
 i specifically told tom to put it in the barn . 
 but , somehow it appeared here . ' 
 jessie said , ` he was going to remove it , but i asked him , to leave it . ' 
 the priest sucked on his pipe , ` hmm , devil 's work . ' 
 sitting down he took out a pair of spectacles from his top pocket and examined the scraps of paper . 
 ` there 's not much to go on here , two birth certificates . 
 hmm . 
 the initials mur and mor ? 
 it could be anything . 
 to be sure there 're many names beginning with m. ' opening the locket , he peered at the painting , ' t is like his lordship and this hair - tis so like ? ' 
 lucy interrupted , ` maybe you could get a dna reading ? ' 
 douglas said , ` not if the strands were cut . 
 it has to have a follicle on the end . 
 and even then it may be too old . ' 
 lucy looked over to douglas , ` might be an idea . ' 
 dinah jumped up . ' 
 i have some strands from the painting . 
 i 'm sure they 're an apport from muriall . ' 
 the room darkened as a male voice cut the air . 
 ` ye shall not have her ; the bitch is mine . ' 
 father o'reilly plunged his hand into his breast pocket bringing out a phial of liquid . 
 grunting his way up from the chair , he immediately began sprinkling the room . 
 the voice cackled ` get ye hence ye canting priest . 
 your brain is pickled in drink . 
 your tongue vomiting flies -- ' ` shut up . ' 
 his face blotched purple with anger , the priest raised his arms as he shouted , ` begone all foul things from this - ' ` maggots squirm in your stomach you piss pot of a priest . ' 
 taking hold of lucy , nat drew her closer to george and the others , whilst the priest rose to his feet . 
 his quavering voice now strong he roared , ` time to send this demon back to hell . ' 
 chapter 38 calmly , father o'reilly clicked open the battered leather case , lifting out sacred vestments . 
 putting on the white surplice , he kissed the alb and the chaucer before putting them on . 
 turning he held up the host , ` in the name of saint paul , i abjure thee - get thee hence from this room - foul not these innocents . ' 
 ` innocents - their mothers licked -- ' ` be silent . ' 
 thundered o'reilly , his stature now straight , his voice deep . 
 titters raced around the room mocking . 
 laying out the sacraments of salt , oil and another phial of holy water on the table , the priest prayed . 
 ` the spirit of our lord jesus christ is with me as i go into the pits of hell . 
 his strength is with me , his light , the light of the world banishing all darkness . ' 
 as he spoke , a delicate aroma of the sea wafted into the room followed by a sweet voice . 
 ` bye baby bunting , daddy 's gone a huntin ... ' muriall 's transparent form wafted before them , now showing her lovely face unmarked with age or death , crystal bright tears streaming down her face . 
 the bundle clutched tightly to her breast . 
 as they backed away o'reilly whispered , ` stay with her , she be protecting ye . 
 stay . ' 
 jessie felt her whole body trembling with horror as she looked through the phantom form of muriall standing guard in front of them . 
 yet , part of her could cry for the sorrow in that beautiful face , the pitiful tiny skeleton . 
 she clutched douglas 's hand , whilst she felt dinah shuddering beside her . 
 the priest rose from his knees , the salt and water before him as he prayed further , vos votum ut reddo hic . 
 senior , quot es meus foes ! 
 quot consurgo obviam mihi ! 
 plures es sententia mei â god mos non vindico tamen vos , senior , es a contego inter mihi , meus palma , unus quisnam levo meus caput capitis altus ego dico sicco ut senior , quod is refero mihi ex suus sanctus mons montis . 
 lord , how many are my foes ! 
 how many rise up against me ! 
 many are saying of me , `` god will not deliver him . '' ' 
 the voice grunted like a pig . 
 ` come to mama - come to mama piglet . ' 
 the father took no notice continuing in english , but you , lord , are a shield around me , my glory , the one who lifts my head high . 
 i call out to the lord , and he answers me from his holy mountain . 
 i will not fear though tens of thousands assail me on every side . 
 arise , lord ! 
 deliver me , my god ! 
 strike all my enemies on the jaw ; break the teeth of the wicked . 
 from the lord comes deliverance . ' 
 the voice now started to sing , ` stand up , stand up for jesus ... ' then came the sing-song whisper , ` jess ... oh jessie ... come be my love . 
 i 'll never leave you ... daddy 's here with me . 
 the horse is falling . 
 he 's wounded , in agony , jess . 
 daddy 's crying for you . 
 ... mommy 's in heaven ; prissy 's screaming in hell and all is well with your world . 
 bitch . ' 
 muriall 's voice floated over the words , trying to drown the horror . 
 ` bye baby bunting , daddy 's gone a huntin ... ' the demonic voice boomed , ` shit in hell , you and your bastard child . ' 
 ` be silent fiend . ' 
 the priest shouted . 
 with his back to the window he faced the room . 
 glancing at the phantom form of muriall almost disappearing , as she guarded the group , he said to jess , ` ignore everything , girl . 
 he 's playing with you . ' 
 opening the book of psalms he read , he lies in wait to catch the helpless ; he catches the helpless and drags them off in his net . 
 his victims are crushed , they collapse ; they fall under his strength . 
 he says to himself , `` god will never notice ; he covers his face and never sees . '' 
 arise , lord ! 
 lift up your hand , o god . 
 do not forget the helpless . 
 the victims commit themselves to you ; you are the helper of the fatherless . 
 break the arm of the wicked man ; you , lord , hear the desire of the afflicted ; you encourage them , and you listen to their cry , defending the fatherless and the oppressed , so that mere earthly mortals will never again strike terror . '' ' 
 the word ` fatherless ' cut through to jess 's heart , as she pictured her father dying in a lonely field , her mother committing suicide , her aunt 's agony in the clutch of a virus . 
 sobbing , she felt douglas draw her into his arms , felt the rapid beat of his heart in this dreadful room . 
 weakened , muriall dissolved into tendrils of mist as father o'reilly kissed the host , then held it high , walking around the room , ` demon begone . 
 get thee back to satan and his cohorts . 
 ye have no place here . 
 oh lord and your holy saints , deliver us now from this most foul demon . ' 
 the stench left the room as the demonic voice tittered , ` do n't forget to wipe your arse . ' 
 holding his hands high , father o'reilly fell to his knees , intoning the prayer of deliverance . 
 the room stilled , yet jessie was in terrible danger ; the soul of muriall doomed unless they got help . 
 the past was spearing through the present . 
 the desolation of the clearances , the terrible suffering of the souls on this estate , the atrocities , made a portal for the demon - it was all too powerful for the priest . 
 who could quell the anger , the devastation ? 
 who could put right ancient wrongs ? 
 looking at jessie , he said , ` ye 've raised a lake of sorrows , a well of memories that flood our time . 
 ye are in danger - both ye , and lucy are sensitives - ye 've delved too far - now i fear not just for yer safety , but your souls . 
 tis not the desolate that will hurt ye , oh no , tis the demons of hell that drove their tormentors . 
 a skeptic like you douglas is the best balance . 
 ye need to watch jessie 24/7 as they say . 
 i 'll try to contact an exorcist . 
 until then do n't delve - do n't even think about it . 
 and you george - ye 'll watch lucy like a hawk , if it looks like she 's going into trance - just sprinkle the blessed oil and salt over her and pray . 
 i shall leave ye both with the sacraments - use them if ye have to - then get ye to a church . 
 have a bible near at all times , one blessed is better . ' 
 douglas scowled , as he said , ` bibles , devils , exorcisms , jesuits , why ? 
 why has this happened ? ' 
 ` because ye raised muriall when you played with that bloody ouija - more than that ye raised the demon . 
 ye have to help her . ' 
 ` she was already haunting us father - so was that vile thing - that demon . ' 
 ` ye 've made them stronger - ye 've invited them into your world . 
 they 'll not leave ye alone now . ' 
 ` but how , what is she looking for - why the baby ? 
 why the lullaby . 
 why is she latching onto jess ? ' 
 dinah frowned , ` maybe that 's it , she lost the baby - or maybe it died . ' 
 jess said slowly , i get it , she wants to be reunited with duncan - that baby is their child . 
 maybe he never found her - never knew there was a child ? ' 
 lucy added , ' i wonder if the child died without being baptized or something . ' 
 father o'reilly stood , knocking the bacchy out of his pipe into the crystal ashtray . 
 ` then ye 'd best be searching the church records . 
 they go back hundreds of years . 
 if she had a child , being a catholic , she would have had it baptized . 
 muriall would never have consigned it to hell . ' 
 ` douglas looked up , ` not if she was n't here . 
 remember she disappeared and duncan went after her . ' 
 jess bit her lip . 
 ` father is right ; we must search the church records . 
 muriall needs us . 
 whatever it is - we must try . ' 
 chapter 39 douglas awoke to a cool tongue licking his chin , black eyes staring into his . 
 seeing he was awake , daisy thumped him on the chest with her paw . 
 god she packed a punch . 
 trouncing on her two front paws , she signalled it was time to play . 
 propping himself up on his elbow , he looked at the clock , for god 's sake it was only 5.30 am . 
 he jumped as he heard phantom 's yowl . 
 that cat really did try to talk , now it looked at him , the pink tongue flicking over his paws , as he cleaned his whiskers . 
 ruffling the fur of daisy 's head , he rose , stretching his limbs . 
 the couch was comfortable but hardly long enough for his tall frame , but at least he had actually spent the night in jessie 's suite as her appointed guardian . 
 he swung his feet to the floor , only for daisy to lunge for his toes licking them furiously . 
 he tried not to laugh out loud , pushing her away . 
 peering through the open door , he glimpsed jessie fast asleep in the four-poster bed , her hair in disarray spread over the pillow . 
 he caught his breath as she stirred , rolling towards him , her skin opalescent in the soft light . 
 with her rounded curves covered in twisted rolls of sheeting and brocade cover , she might as well have been posing for dante rossetti . 
 he longed to go to her , but knew he was on probation . 
 she was n't even sure she could forgive him for his stupid behaviour last week . 
 but , she acceded to the group 's arguments that she should not be left alone any more . 
 if her story was to be believed , she was in mortal danger from the demon and terrified of an appearance by muriall . 
 she 'd ordered him not to try anything even remotely sexual . 
 to his relief , it had been a silent night . 
 it seemed father o'reilly `` s exorcism had worked at least , for the time being . 
 he rose quietly tiptoeing to the bathroom , closing the door gently behind him . 
 the water fairly sizzled on his skin as he lathered , it would be a long day . 
 sifting through church records did not appeal to him . 
 he would much prefer to spend the day walking by the river stopping by a pub for a ploughman 's lunch . 
 as the spray washed the soap suds away , he decided he would take victor with them today as well as daisy . 
 they certainly helped to break up the tension still lingering around jessie . 
 he 'd take the four by four whilst the others followed in another car . 
 that way , he had her to himself . 
 *** after leaving a village of terraced cottages with tiny gardens profuse with wild flowers , they drove past an old farm slumbering in the sun . 
 cows chewed grass on sloping fields , whilst calves either gambolled or lay by their mother 's feet . 
 douglas turned back to the dogs . 
 ` hey i think they 've fallen in love with each other . ' 
 jessie looked to see the dogs tilting noses to the open window , one square headed with huge black eyes and white fur ; her mouth wreathed in a black lipped smile whilst victor , the viszla , sat elegantly beside her , raising a red-gold domed head to nibble at daisy 's ears , his amber eyes slanting in the breeze , long ears flapping . 
 jessie giggled turning her face to douglas . 
 his heart jerked as he returned the smile , god , she was so pretty . 
 the land around the church was wild with marshy ground and tussocks of green grass . 
 then there were the stone age outcrops and tumbledown cottages of stone . 
 he 'd come to love this land of his ancestors , with its boggy fields , streams , waterfall , lochs and cloud piercing mountains . 
 the 13th century church was some distance from the village surrounded by an old moat , some four feet deep framed by willow trees , whilst emerald reeds waved in black water . 
 jessie exclaimed , ` it 's beautiful . 
 look at the tower , it 's so unusual . ' 
 tying the dogs to the car douglas said , ` yeah it is . ' 
 the benedictine priory was so different to the other churches in the area . 
 as george and nat with the two girls drew up , douglas went over to them . 
 ` i 'll go and open up . 
 let 's hope father o'reilly remembered to leave them in the porch . ' 
 walking to the thatch covered lych-gate , douglas pointed to a notice board . 
 ` have a look at this . 
 these are some really old drawings of the monastery that used to be next to the church . ' 
 jessie peered at the old ink drawings of monastery and monks at work in the gardens or walking into the church . 
 ` the monastery was pulled down - they left the church standing though . ' 
 to reach the church , they walked through gravestones on either side of the path , many listing to one side or crumbling , others covered in moss . 
 here and there , they espied the odd date where the lichen was scraped away . 
 jessie paused , ` hey look at that . ' 
 she pointed to two gravestones side by side ; the writing eradicated but each carrying the carving of a skull . 
 douglas said , ` must be quite ancient . ' 
 jessie retorted . ' 
 i would n't like to come through here at twilight . ' 
 she stopped by a grave with a coffin shape structure to read `` 1887 . 
 to our beloved harry of eighteen years . 
 never more to see your dear face by our fireside . 
 rest in peace beloved son . '' 
 it 's so sad . ' 
 walking through the graves , she found three more all dedicated to young men lost at sea . 
 ` oh god , they 're so young . 
 this lad here was only sixteen years old . ' 
 she stopped again at a moss covered stone . 
 ` look , it 's got a face carved on it with a moon and a headless body by the side of it . 
 16 -- or something . 
 could 've been a witch d'you think ? 
 come on let 's go into the church . ' 
 on entering , jessie shivered . ' 
 i can almost feel the sadness here . ' 
 she looked up at the truncated spire of the priory in all its mystique and sombre silence . 
 the others joined them as they walked through the darkened porch , entering to see walls austere and proud , soaring up to arched oak beams . 
 nat lowered his voice as he said , ` look at the screen to the altar , that brown varnish is covering the gesso work . ' 
 dinah whispered back , ` gesso ? ' 
 ` yeah , moulded plaster - all those intricate designs ' looking up , lucy said , ` the top of it looks almost like lace . ' 
 jessie shivered feeling a cold breeze sweep through the church . 
 she looked over to lucy , as the odour of seaweed filtered through . 
 lucy caught her glance , her face whitening . 
 unaware of their concern , douglas walked toward the west end of the church `` here 's the priory arms and hey look , there 's a priest 's door . 
 it 's been plastered up - must have been the door the monks used to come into the church from the monastery . ' 
 nathan pointed to a blocked window in the north chancel , ` the altar could be watched from rooms built onto the church . 
 they were obviously been taken down when the monastery buildings were destroyed . ' 
 george muttered , ` eerie . 
 so much history . 
 look at this . 
 a wooden hearse . ' 
 ` in the church ? ' 
 ` yes here by the lectern . ' 
 the others crowded around to see the wooden hearse replete wooden handles and iron wheels . 
 even douglas shivered . 
 ` morbid . 
 just think the congregation has to look at that every week . 
 could be their coffins on there soon . 
 anyway , let 's go through to the back . 
 the records should be through here somewhere . ' 
 jessie aware of the odour of seaweed becoming stronger , whispered to lucy , ` can you smell it ? ' 
 lucy nodded . 
 ` let 's hope it 's coming in from the sea . 
 just be prepared . ' 
 trouping through a narrow corridor of yellowed plastered walls , they passed the vestry full of vestments and choristers ' gowns to find a small musty room of bookshelves and wooden chests . 
 george said , ` hmm you can smell the mildew in here ? 
 let 's split up and search for muriall 's records . ' 
 as lucy and dinah scoured the shelves , jessie espied a mouldering trunk in the far corner . 
 ` hey look here 1800-1815 . ' 
 hesitantly she raised the blackened carved lid to find a host of leather-bound books the odour of must and damp rising to meet her . 
 gingerly , she opened one of the tomes to see lists of names inscribed in latin . 
 ` think i 've got something here . 
 come and have a look . ' 
 chapter 40 as they gathered round jessie picked out the tome for 1810 . 
 carrying it to a small oaken table , she opened the mouldering cover to find the pages dampened and mottled with age . 
 in some places , the ink had run obliterating whole sections of entries . 
 ` they do n't record the births - only the baptisms , confirmations , marriages and deaths . 
 there 're sections for each . ' 
 lucy murmured , ` we 'll be lucky to find anything . ' 
 jessie hunched over peering at the bedraggled words . 
 ` nothing - hum - where do we go from here ? ' 
 putting the flock-marked book back into the chest , she glimpsed a slight movement in the shadows by an old bookcase , the leaded light doors hanging half-open . 
 frowning she moved towards it , a gust of wind lifting her hair . 
 she looked swiftly to the window to find it firmly closed . 
 whispering she said , ` something 's here - can you feel it ? ' 
 lucy moved to her side . 
 ` yes , there 's a strong presence in the room . ' 
 a picture of muriall flashed into jessie 's mind , her eyes imploring , the red hair glistening as she clutched the baby bundled to her chest . 
 she did not flinch as it turned to her , the tiny skull gleaming in the shaft of light as the minute mouth opened and shut on air . 
 she felt tears of pity rise in her eyes as she went deeper into the image , deeper into the sorrow of a grieving young mother . 
 she could almost hear muriall talking , as her breathing slowed , could almost hear muriall 's words . 
 she felt a light touch on her arm pulling her back to reality . 
 she bit her lip ; the dead girl was so clear she could draw each lash of her eyes , each tiny line of despair . 
 she turned to see douglas looking at her his eyes creased with concern . 
 ` you okay sweetheart ? ' 
 she shook her head swallowing down the sadness . 
 ` no - not really - i can see muriall in my mind ; i can almost touch her . ' 
 lucy muttered , ` strange - there 's no aroma of seaweed now - but you know i can feel her here . ' 
 dinah moved closer to george , her skin crawling . 
 ` have you got your pastels with you jessie ? ' 
 ` no - i did not think to bring them - did n't realize she would be here . 
 anyway after what father o'reilly said . ' 
 ` oh do n't take any notice of him - superstitious old goat . 
 you 've helped so many with their grieving jess . 
 just do n't give him any importance . ' 
 ` well he did get us out of trouble last night . ' ' 
 i know but it does n't mean to say that his is the only faith . 
 muriall is trying to reach you or douglas . ' 
 lucy whispered , ` she 's here - it is so strong . 
 it 's almost like she 's with us all the time . 
 ` knows what we 're doing . 
 she 's trying to tell us something . 
 there 's something in this room she wants us to find - i 'm sure of it . ' 
 dinah said , `` what about automatic writing ? 
 why not try it . '' 
 douglas frowned . 
 `` what 's that ? ' 
 ` it 's spirit writing - can be correct - quite uncanny . ' 
 jessie glanced at douglas . 
 she could see fear - puzzlement . 
 `` is that going to put jess in any danger ? '' 
 nathan shrugged ` nah . 
 it 's not like a séance . 
 has anyone got any paper ? ' 
 douglas crossed over to a drawer half open . 
 ` plenty of it here . 
 i 've got a pen . ' 
 he turned to jessie looking deep into her eyes . 
 ` be careful jessie - you never know . ' 
 nat grinned , ` listen to the cynic talking . 
 go on jessie give it a try . 
 come over here by the desk . ' 
 aware of the group behind her , jessie sat with pen poised over the paper , trying to blank any thought . 
 maybe this was n't such a good idea . 
 the others remained silent as she managed to still her mind , drawing a black curtain across all thoughts or images , deepening her breath so that it was scarcely four a minute . 
 she felt her eyes glaze , the paper blur as the pen began to write . 
 she knew she was holding the pen , first she heard a moaning , a voice seeming to cry through wind and hail . 
 the words appeared , but they were not her own . 
 help me - duncan - duncan help us - help us . 
 jessie was unaware of the others moving quietly closer , straining to see the words . 
 duncan has gone . 
 i am alone with max - he is a demon . 
 oh god , so much blood - duncan will kill him - i know he will come . 
 ca n't find her - ca n't find my beloved child - my baby - coffin - waves - sea - baby - so much blood - it 's dark - dark - so much blood ; i can smell it all over me over my baby . 
 duncan where are you my love - where are you ? '' 
 muriall was hurting so much , so alone . 
 jessie felt the tears hurt her eyes as the pen raced across the page . 
 she licked a salty tear on her lip as she carried on , then felt a tissue put into her hand . 
 wiping the tears , she gave a shuddering breath as she began to scribble faster now , her pen skimming over the pages . 
 jessie was completely unaware of the others , of the room . 
 she was with muriall ; dark waters bubbled over her head as muriall floated towards her , her hair steaming like red reeds , her full skirt billowing . 
 the demon is near . 
 he 's near - wants you jessie - death - death hides ... the pen stopped ; she felt the hush in the room , the group perfectly still . 
 jessie felt herself go deeper , the pen digging into the paper . 
 `` death hides in the corners - watch the shadows jessie - do not be alone . 
 max - demon - trying to find duncan - how long must i wait ? 
 blood is bright red over me , over the walls . 
 find duncan . 
 jessie stopped abruptly , waiting - knowing there was more . 
 `` the bookcase - search - search for the truth . 
 god - if only - if only . '' 
 jessie stopped abruptly , the pen falling on the page as she shook her head , clearing away the trance - a mishmash of words and messages . 
 but , that was the way of automatic writing . 
 sometimes it turned out to be a jumble , and at other times , it could be as exact as a mozart sonata . 
 she rose from the chair to face them , her face pale . 
 `` the records are in the bookcase . 
 i do n't know what they are , but i 'm sure something is there . '' 
 her head was clearing as she walked towards the bookcase , fitting snug against the white bricked wall . 
 opening the glass doors she peered inside , her eyes searching the shelves . 
 ` there 's nothing here . 
 wait a moment ; i 'll move some of these books . ' 
 the dust rose from the blackened warped shelves as she moved the books . 
 on placing some to one side , a sharp piece of wood almost cut her fingers . 
 wincing she drew it back to peer in . 
 on seeing a dark space behind a splintered plank jessie felt an adrenaline rush through her . 
 turning to douglas , she said , ` could you pull this out - i think there 's something behind it . ' 
 he reached over and tugged at the wood , breaking it free to reveal the dark aperture . 
 reaching in , he pulled out a rectangular wooden box . 
 as douglas carried it to the table , lucy whispered , ` look - the carving of a mermaid . ' 
 he swore softly , ` dammit - it 's locked . ' 
 reaching into his pocket , he produced a thin strip of wire . 
 they watched , with bated breath , as he pushed it into the lock , twisting it and fro . 
 ` got it . ' 
 lifting the lid , they saw a scroll of parchment wrapped in a scarlet ribbon with a neat bow . 
 untying the silk crimson ribbon , carefully unrolling it , his eyes widened . 
 ` it 's a marriage certificate . 
 they moved closer peering over his shoulder , as he muttered , ` oh my god , muriall and duncan married . 
 look - witnesses , lady margaret mavebury of rhonan , sir guy mavebury of rhonan and here robbie mcgregor . ' 
 jessie moved forward to look at it . 
 ` so it 's true , the dreams - the automatic writing . ' 
 douglas nodded . 
 ` it 's bloody tragic - that writing got to me . ' 
 jessie felt her heart drain , so the dreams were true , she remembered muriall 's eyes shining as duncan gave her the locket - felt the foreboding as she spoke of death . 
 so they must have married as duncan swore they would . 
 douglas took her hand as he blurted out . 
 ` jessie , i 've been a blind fool . 
 i ca n't argue with the reality of all this . 
 it might be messages from the dead , but it 's all so damn real . 
 we 've just got to help muriall . 
 but how ? ' 
 lucy stepped forward . 
 ` we 'll find a way . 
 i 'm not going to let my fear overcome me again . ' 
 she turned to jessie ` with the six of us together we 've got enough psychic power to help muriall . ' 
 george spluttered . 
 ` i 'd like to help out here , but i 'm no psychic . ' 
 jessie murmured ` maybe not george , but we can tap into your energy to give us more strength , same goes for dinah , nathan and douglas . 
 we need raw physical energy as well as spiritual strength and belief . ' 
 douglas hugged her . 
 ` so let 's do it . ' 
 george beamed . 
 ` now you 're talking . 
 you ca n't deny the mysticism here . 
 it seems spirit 's working overtime to make contact , and we ca n't deny it any longer . ' 
 douglas nodded . 
 ` but first , the pub i need a drink . ' 
 taking jessie 's arm , he led them from the small room whose secrets would change their lives . 
 chapter 41 the pub boasted sprawling lawns leading down to the loch . 
 jessie felt herself relax , as the sun warm on her back eased the tension of clenched muscles . 
 the trestle table with attached wooden benches was just big enough to seat them all . 
 the cool drink of lager and lime washed away the mustiness and dust of the dank room . 
 maybe now they could find some answers . 
 her fingers touched the locket hidden beneath her tank top . 
 why did she hide it ? 
 even if it was n't anything to do with muriall , at least it was her right to wear it . 
 it was her family heirloom . 
 the row between her and douglas had been so bitter . 
 now she was wary of him ; knew he was trying to make his way back to her , but she could not allow him to hurt her again . 
 at least , they were easy with each other now - friends . 
 that was the way it would stay . 
 she watched the dogs gambolling down to the water 's edge , daisy splashing in dipping her head right under the water whilst victor stood at the edge . 
 she smiled at douglas , `` so he does n't like the water ? 
 look at daisy , she 's got her head underwater . 
 she just loves it and mud , the blacker the better . 
 if she finds any she 'll roll in it . '' 
 douglas relaxed that the loch was far enough away , grinned . 
 ` victor likes fresh water that is , but that 's a salt water loch . '' 
 ` really ? 
 i thought the hounds loved to splash around in any water . ' 
 ` not the vizslas . 
 his ancestors hunted on the steppes of russia , dogs of the russian aristocracy . 
 the tragedy was after the last world war the communists razed the mansions of the aristocracy to the ground , shooting the dogs . 
 some were rescued by the underground and taken secretly through to germany and france . ' 
 ` he 's certainly got a noble head , a true aristocrat . 
 look at daisy ; she 's like a shambling polar bear . ' 
 dinah clipped in . 
 ` she 's gorgeous jess . 
 look at those curls and waves , huge black eyes . 
 you know she poses . ' 
 they laughed as daisy raised her head from the water shaking the water over victor , who decided she was rather lush and proceeded to nip her ears - doggy courtship . 
 george took a long drink of his beer and then turned to jessie . 
 ` so , where do we begin ? '' 
 jessie looked down at the automatic writing . 
 ` it 's so jumbled ; i do n't really know where to start . ' 
 douglas said , ` you told me some of your dreams you 've been having jessie . 
 could you tell the rest of us about them maybe there 're some clues there ? ' 
 jessie nodded . 
 ` they were more than dreams . 
 i honestly believe the dreams were messages from muriall . 
 she was talking me into her life , her memories . 
 in one of them , muriall and duncan were discussing how they were going to help the tenants - people were beginning to die from starvation . 
 in another dream , they were definitely going to marry . 
 then , there was max the younger brother who had his eye on muriall . 
 duncan called him a rakehell something to do with the hell fire club . 
 thinking about it , duncan had a quick temper , quite ferocious . 
 he said he would kill him if he touched muriall . 
 seems the temper runs in the genes . ' 
 she stopped to look at douglas his temper was similar . 
 douglas caught the look and bristled . 
 ` so you 're saying we 're alike ? ' 
 ` yes quite honestly , it 's not only the temperament . 
 you both have the same features , colour of hair . 
 it might as well be you douglas ; it was uncanny . ' 
 lucy interrupted , `` and you are the spitting image of muriall , and she was feisty . 
 maybe you 've both reincarnated ? ' 
 ` it 's quite spooky . ' 
 she caught douglas 's gaze as she said , ` who knows ? 
 anyway , duncan ensured that max would be given a commission in the infantry . 
 they planned that whilst duncan went to help the slaves in jamaica , she would stay behind and help the tenants . ' 
 nat muttered , ` that must have been terrible - just does n't bear thinking about . 
 surely , they got help ? ' 
 george added , ` there were so many absentee landlords , living in england or abroad who did n't give a damn about the tenants . 
 all they wanted was profit from the wool economy . 
 dinah frowned , ` so she was left alone with max ? ' 
 ` i 'm not sure when he left - that was not in the dream . 
 but she had guy and john the footman who always guarded her , and then of course there was the earl and the countess , let alone a bevy of servants . ' 
 she looked at him and then at douglas . 
 ` oh my god now i can place him ; i thought he looked familiar . 
 it 's him , the one who - the one who attacked me in the studio . 
 it was the same man as hid behind the trees spying on muriall and duncan . 
 dear god , it was max - the demon . ' 
 lucy shuddered . 
 ` sounds awful . 
 why on earth did n't she go with duncan ? ' 
 ` like i said , she had to stay and look after the tenants . 
 they were already beginning to die . 
 she was really attached to one particular family , the mcgregor 's ; she looked upon them as her own family . 
 spent a lot of time with them as a child . 
 she used to play with the son robbie and was great friends with his wife alice . 
 nat put down his pint . 
 ` you know it 's almost as if you knew them the way you talk about it . 
 they must have been vivid dreams . '' 
 ` messages - possession . ' 
 dinah exclaimed . 
 ` there is a difference . 
 jessie was n't just dreaming this ; she was living it , was transported through time , the silent observer . 
 it 's a well known phenomenon in spiritualist circles . 
 ` so muriall must be really powerful - i mean to be able to transport someone through time . '' 
 ` no it would n't be her doing ; that would be her guide . ' 
 nat took another slug of his beer . 
 `` now it 's getting complicated . ' 
 jessie smiled , `` like we were saying at the séance , a guide is someone who guards the portal for the medium or protects the spirit . 
 but there are also higher guides or guardians right up to the angelic realm . '' 
 ` do n't let father o'reilly hear you say that . ' 
 ` nat - there is no hard and fast rule for the catholics . 
 i truly believe muriall is a revenant a dead person who has returned . 
 the catholics believe in that . 
 i also believe her when she says there 's a demon . ' 
 douglas snorted . 
 `` look i 'm trying to believe something here . 
 i said i 'd help with this muriall game , but demons from hell ? 
 forget it . ' 
 jessie felt her pulse race . 
 ` you were at the séance douglas , you heard that voice . 
 you know something else was there besides muriall - frightened the life out of you . 
 i saw you - you were bloody shaking . 
 what about when you heard father o'reilly shout that we 'd raised demons - you heard that awful voice say it was a demon . 
 for god 's sake what more do you want ? ' 
 ` okay i heard the voice ; that 's one of the reasons i 'm here now , but come on - hell ? 
 we 're getting too dramatic here . 
 next it will be exorcist 5 or whatever . ' 
 ` dammit douglas - if we left it to you the demon would eat us alive . ' 
 jessie glowered at douglas , why did she even think they could get along ? 
 he was an idiot , a damn stupid idiot . 
 how can anyone set limits on a haunting ? 
 he 's just denying the demon outright . 
 ` so when did you become the authority on heaven and hell ? 
 next you 'll be saying jesus christ does n't exist . ' 
 ` does he ? ' 
 douglas growled into his cider . 
 ` just do n't push it jessie . 
 be satisfied i 'm here . ' 
 jessie 's skin matched the colour of her hair . 
 ` push it ? 
 satisfied ? 
 who the hell d'you think you 're talking to - the cat ? ' 
 that did it , now he was telling her what to think , the misogynist pig . 
 chapter 42 douglas sat before a set of eight security screens surveying the interior passages and public rooms of the hotel . 
 he knew he 'd angered jess - he could n't seem to stop treading on her toes . 
 he grimaced , recalling her parting words , ` bugger off . ' 
 he replied , ` look ; you ca n't be alone . 
 you 'll have to ask dinah to stay with you . ' 
 ` no way - i do n't need a nursemaid - for god 's sake what do you think i am - some wimp ? ' 
 ` do n't be so stubborn - be sensible ? ' 
 ` sensible ? 
 now you 're insulting me again . ' ' 
 i just mean it 's senseless to ? ' 
 ` senseless ? 
 senseless - just say that again . ' 
 her face reddened in fury . 
 he saw her fists clench , as she hissed , ` how dare you - how dare you say i 'm senseless - you - you prick . ' 
 he could see her lips parted in a snarl , her fists rising , the slender body bristling . 
 now he really had done it . 
 he tried to placate her . 
 ` you 've got it wrong jessie . 
 i did n't mean you were senseless just that it would be senseless ? ' 
 ` shut up - shut up now . 
 you bloody bastard . ' 
 he tried not to grin . 
 the situation was preposterous , but then she was welsh and scottish , both renowned for their fighting spirit . 
 he tried to reach out to her , to put his arms around her . 
 this was ridiculous . 
 however , she pushed him away . 
 ` stop it - let go - you - you prick . ' 
 now her teeth clenched , her lovely eyes narrowed as she swung a punch . 
 it landed none too gently on his shoulder . 
 at least , she had n't gone for his chin . 
 holding up his arms in mock defense , he said , ` hey - look . 
 i 'm sorry okay - sorry . 
 just let me take you home . ' 
 ` bugger off . ' ' 
 i promised the priest i 'd stay with you . ' 
 his words trailed off as he watched her departing back . 
 he was at a loss as to how to guard her . 
 it was illegal to have security cameras in the rooms . 
 short of bedding down outside her door what could he do ? 
 at that moment , a couple strolled across his path holding a baby . 
 looking at the child burbling up at his mother , he had a eureka moment . 
 yes , a baby monitor . 
 he could swiftly install one in her rooms , and she would be none the wiser . 
 nat had been wary of such a drastic move , but douglas was adamant . 
 no way was she going to be a victim to more demon attacks . 
 he sighed ; it would be a long night , but he was worried about her , besides which ; he realized he was desperately in love . 
 she could be both , she-devil and angel . 
 no woman had fascinated him like this , a passionate woman arousing erotic desire ; a little girl lost appealing to his protective powers , a caring compassionate therapist and yet within minutes , she could raise his anger to a fever pitch only to reduce him to tears of outraged laughter . 
 no one ever had the audacity to call him a prick . 
 a prick of all things . 
 he would have felled a man in a second , but all he wanted to do with her was to hold her , to hug her furious body until she relaxed . 
 as the thoughts flickered through his mind , he realized she owned his heart . 
 he shook his head , how was he going to balance it out with her ? 
 more importantly , how was he going to get her to talk to him again without hissing ? 
 she could be as fiendish as her damn cat . 
 *** jessie looked through the window at the mausoleum , at the moon lighting the leaded-glass windows . 
 it was quite gothic - chilling really . 
 there was no way she would have driven back with douglas . 
 he was insufferable . 
 his words at the pub still made her bristle , ` just be satisfied i 'm here . ' 
 as if he was some hero ; that she was some wilting woman simpering in his presence . 
 she could n't allow him to rule her . 
 prissy had argued relentlessly with her , and now it seemed the battle continued with him . 
 it was such a bleak outlook for them both . 
 what could they share if they did n't share their hearts ? 
 her journey into the spiritual world was still only beginning , there was so much to explore , learn , experience . 
 it was n't just about psychic matters , drawing or communicating with the dead it was about that eternal quest for truth . 
 it was her meaning in life , and what was life without meaning . 
 she could not deny her thoughts , her search for faith when she was with him . 
 her spiritual mission was the pump supplying the blood to her heart . 
 to love another was a part of that meaning in life , but douglas was not her god , she sighed . 
 she did love him , adored him even though at times she wanted to hit him . 
 however , he had to bend a little , to love and to god . 
 she needed space . 
 it was a tight fit with lucy and dinah in the back of the truck , and daisy whined all the way back , most probably fallen in love with victor . 
 if only human love was so easy . 
 douglas did not appear at dinner , most probably licking his wounds . 
 as if sensing her mood , daisy looked up from the basket and rising padded over to her , her eyes sharpening , ears lifting , tail wagging . 
 time for a treat , a teeth-cleaning bone that daisy loved along with her glucosamine stick and meat flavoured vitamins . 
 her mouth automatically twisting into a grin , jessie went to the fridge taking out the bag of treats . 
 daisy jumped for joy , the mouth wide open , black lips smiling . 
 bending to her , jessie said , ` come on shake hands ? ' 
 daisy lifted her paw to jessie 's hand , a ritual , they both loved . 
 then snatching the bone in a most unladylike manner , she raced to her basket , the huntress guarding her dead prey . 
 smiling , jessie turned back to the window , her thoughts turning to the studio - always a good escape from trauma , but her heart was not in it tonight . 
 besides , she would have to face a painting executed by spirit hands , a painting that had hair on it from a person dead over two hundred years . 
 she was not sure she could cope with it . 
 however , the inscription appearing on the tomb was intriguing . 
 what was it ? 
 there had not been time to investigate . 
 should she go and take a look at the tomb ? 
 it was still light . 
 maybe one of the men looking after the boats would take her across . 
 chapter 43 jess frowned as she noticed a movement by the silver birch trees - a flash of red hair . 
 going out onto the balcony , she leant over the iron railing , catching her breath , as she saw two figures struggling , almost obscured by the bushes . 
 in her heart , she knew it was muriall . 
 was that max with her ? 
 was he molesting her ? 
 calling to daisy , she rushed from the room , taking the lift to the reception . 
 racing along the path to the lake with a delighted dog at her heels , jessie reached the small quay . 
 to her consternation , the boats were tied up , the men gone . 
 twilight gave way to darkness . 
 the water looked as black as oil - blacker than the night . ' 
 she had to get to muriall . 
 something was terribly wrong . 
 she looked across the darkness to the island ; it was only a mere hundred and fifty yards . 
 she could do that in minutes . 
 anyway , she had the lights of the hotel . 
 but then , she felt her body tense ; the lights did not shine on the lake . 
 usually the surface was a medley of bright abstract colours swirling in the slight eddies of the water . 
 now it was still , silent , ominous . 
 her fear of ghosts raged . 
 she could hear and feel her heart beating in her head . 
 all she knew was muriall needed help , ghost or not ; the girl was in danger . 
 discarding caution , she approached the boats . 
 jessie noticed a small craft lightly tethered by ropes . 
 running towards it , she quickly undid the knots and stepped warily into the boat . 
 daisy gave a frustrated bark . 
 ` quiet daisy . 
 sit . 
 stay on the bank - stay . ' 
 with a half shriek , ending in a throaty whine , daisy sat on her haunches panting , her pink tongue lolling out . 
 jessie just hoped she 'd obey ; she was notoriously disobedient . 
 she had n't rowed since a teenager , and the oars felt strange as she tried to wield them through the water . 
 telling herself to calm down , she clenched her teeth and tried again . 
 this time the boat moved thank god . 
 her back to the mausoleum , she leant forward then pulled back the oars . 
 to her relief , the boat moved quite smoothly , if slowly . 
 as she managed to get some kind of rhythm , she heard daisy barking followed by a splash . 
 oh no , she looked back to see the dog in the water paddling furiously towards her . 
 she stopped , seething . 
 ` daisy you little bugger . ' 
 daisy now trod water beside her . 
 jessie could n't drag her into the boat ; she was too heavy . 
 sighing she hoped the dog would stay away from the oars . 
 daisy seemed to sense this , as she shot ahead . 
 as a retriever and a strong swimmer , the water was her world , mud her delight . 
 it was difficult to keep a rhythm but gradually jessie struggled closer to the island . 
 with darkness fully descended , the lights from the hotel helped illumine her way . 
 she turned to see daisy 's white head as she swam before her . 
 within minutes , daisy scrabbled ashore shaking her fur , waiting for jessie to reach her . 
 just managing to get the bow of the boat onto the pebbles , jessie leapt out wading through water , her trainers soaked . 
 pulling the boat up further onto dry land , she looked around . 
 the darkness seemed to palpate , the bushes almost breathing . 
 looking at daisy panting and waiting for her to move , she was glad of her company . 
 switching on the flashlight , she shone the beam through the trees , becoming aware of the silence closing in on her . 
 taking a deep breath , she moved forward through the shrubs and denser bushes , daisy padding protectively at her side . 
 whilst freeing herself from thorny twigs , she caught her toe in a root . 
 she grasped at a branch only to feel the thorns stabbing her skin . 
 she felt the blood trickle slowly from her palm to her wrist . 
 biting her lips , she edged forward , her eyes just picking up a well-trodden path . 
 there was no sign of muriall or her assailant . 
 should she go on ? 
 her flashlight picked up the grey stones of the mausoleum . 
 fear licked her skin causing her to shiver . 
 what had she expected to see ? 
 how could she help muriall anyway ? 
 but , the ghost was a soul in torment , and maybe she could do something . 
 her heart urged her on . 
 to her relief , the place was empty . 
 she could only hope muriall was now free of her tormentor . 
 jessie stood staring at the mausoleum . 
 did she have the guts to enter ? 
 the message from the painting was strong . 
 was the inscription the real reason for her being here ? 
 did the rectangle of stone at the bottom of the tomb hold a key to muriall 's past . 
 she had the chance right now to inspect the grave , to find the rectangle of stone . 
 was the inscription there ? 
 reaching the mausoleum , she gently pushed the door open flashing the light around the interior . 
 the smell of mildew and age stifled the air , the stone walls damp beneath her touch . 
 she stepped into a well of blackness relieved only by a shaft of moonlight darting through the leaded windows . 
 for once daisy hung back whimpering , leaving her to walk down the steps . 
 her trainers squelched with trapped water , the only sound in the gloom . 
 conscious of her heart tripping in her chest , she heard daisy 's whimpers rise to a whine as if crying in fear for her . 
 she was aware of the dead body in one of the tombs , would he rise ? 
 would he manifest with flesh hanging from his skeletal body ? 
 no - do n't be stupid . 
 gritting her teeth , she stepped hesitantly on the stone floor , the light guiding her to muriall 's open tomb . 
 she heard daisy give a short bark , heard her sharp nails clattering on the stone stops . 
 thank god at least she had some company . 
 she felt daisy 's wet fur soak through the leg of her jeans , the wet head brush against her hand , a hot tongue licking at her injured palm . 
 feeling comforted , she knelt down to scour the bottom left of the tomb . 
 through her skittering terror , she felt a rush of courage . 
 the rectangle was barely visible covered in the grime of centuries . 
 scraping through the dirt , scaling away the moss , she managed to read the letters dlr to mm forever united 1810 . 
 she sat down and almost cried . 
 so it was true , muriall had been with her in her studio , had given her a message through the painting . 
 although almost beaten by douglas 's cynicism , she felt free of any doubt , her mind now clear , her heart strong . 
 laying the flashlight down with its beam on the lower part of the tomb , she scraped more of the moss away from the rectangular carving . 
 was it a secret compartment , would it move ? 
 but , despite pulling and scraping it held fast . 
 disappointed , she sat back on the cold stone floor , her fingers tracing the letters dlr - mm , the letters and words on her locket . 
 these were her ancestors , surely ? 
 the locket had been in the family for two hundred years . 
 what happened to muriall ? 
 why did she disappear ? 
 she dug deeper into the carved letters to remove the last vestiges of grime , then felt something move . 
 her heart started beating rapidly but this time in excitement . 
 she pushed against the letters and felt the stone move again . 
 she whispered to herself , ` oh my god something 's here . 
 muriall show me - show me what to do . ' 
 she pushed harder , but nothing happened . 
 picking up the flashlight , she used it to push even harder on the rectangle , but still no movement . 
 now determined , she tapped on the letters even harder and gasped as the stone scraped open . 
 shining the flashlight into the aperture she found what appeared to be a tin box gleaming dully in the flashlight . 
 pulling it out , she set it on her lap feeling around the lid . 
 finding the clasp , she bit her tongue as she prized it open , shining the beam onto a bundle of cream coloured letters , tied up in crimson ribbon . 
 daisy sniffed and whined as jessie peered into the box , holding her breath . 
 with her stomach churning sand , she read the sloping script on the letter , lord duncan rhonan , 18 grosvenor square , westminster , middlesex . 
 she wanted to take the letters out to read them straightaway but the room was damp , musty , the floor almost wet . 
 she had to get the tin box to her room , to read in safety and comfort preferably with a glass of wine . 
 in her heart , she knew this was her ancestor ; she had to know more . 
 her legs felt rubbery as she made her way out of the mausoleum , glancing at the two silent tombs one occupied possibly with the remains of her ancestor and the other one empty , waiting . 
 she closed the door to the mausoleum , and holding the tin as if filled with precious jewels ; she reached the boat . 
 putting it safely in the bottom , she looked at daisy . 
 ` right now , are you getting in or are you swimming ? ' 
 daisy 's eyes lowered as she slunk away and paddled in the water . 
 ` okay , swim . ' 
 she knew daisy did n't really need her permission , as she was going to do it anyway . 
 chapter 44 jessie 's heart lightened as she pushed the boat out into deeper water . 
 clambering in , she grabbed the oars . 
 the lights from the hotel looked inviting ; she needed a shower , clean clothes , a comfortable armchair and wine . 
 she could see the glow from the two windows of her suite . 
 in her rush to save muriall , she 'd left the lights on and the balcony doors open . 
 daisy splashed in front of her , as jessie began to row to the quay . 
 even as a puppy she liked to lead , definitely an alpha female , jessie was her minion . 
 musing on the contents of the tin , the parchment paper , the bright crimson ribbon , jessie felt the boat rock slightly . 
 frowning she looked around to see the water rippling , bubbles rising at the right side of the boat . 
 she saw daisy turn her head and twist around ; heard her whimpering , her paws paddling rapidly back to jessie . 
 the boat began to rock ominously , forcing jessie to let go of the oars , and clutch the sides . 
 seeing water slopping into the hull , slurping around the tin , she reached to save it , only to feel the boat almost capsize . 
 she shrieked , as a scaled arm reached towards her over the side , a nightmare of a creature rose from the water stretching for her . 
 it was her attacker from the studio , but now barely recognizable . 
 reptilian scales wrinkled across his face ; the violet eyes narrowed with evil intent , jaws snapping with mucous-coated fangs . 
 a scream gurgling in her throat , jessie searched frantically for a weapon ; panicking she tried to pull an oar from its slot , but it would not yield . 
 the monster was now pulling at the boat , reaching for her , as she tugged again on the oar , jessie could hear daisy barking . 
 horrified , she saw the creature trying to climb over the side , its huge body reeking of mouldering eggs . 
 jerking away in horror and disgust , she feared the boat would capsize . 
 struggling once more with the oar , she wrenched it free , managing to raise it shoulder high to lash out at her assailant . 
 yet to no avail , the creature giving an insane cackle , caught it in mid-air and threw it into the water . 
 again , jessie heard daisy howling , surely she would raise the alarm surely someone would come . 
 weeping , she wriggled away from the talons reaching for her , knocking over the tin of letters now floating in water at the bottom of the boat . 
 oh god , they 'd be ruined . 
 helplessly she cried out douglas 's name . 
 why had n't she listened to him - why had she turned him away ? 
 now she was going to die . 
 she screamed out as the fiend too huge to clamber into the boat rose from the water , grotesque shoulders towering over her , hideous arms reaching for her . 
 moaning she saw the creature grinning , its vicious teeth now mere inches away from her face . 
 with an inhuman roar , it punched at the side of the frail craft , a mighty fist thrusting through flimsy wood . 
 water churned in as her attacker tore at the broken panels . 
 to her terror , it almost sank beneath her , leaving her in the scaled arms of an ogre from hell . 
 but , it did not seem to be intent on tearing her flesh ; instead , it dived with her into the murky water , swimming through reeds and debris to the bottom of the lake . 
 helplessly jess struggled for breath , clawing at water . 
 with breath escaping in a stream of bubbles , she knew she was going to die , prey to this monster . 
 biting and kicking , she choked , swallowing muddy water . 
 desperate for air , she glimpsed a shape streaking towards her through the murk , red hair , like reeds streaming behind her , the face white , a full scarlet skirt billowing . 
 even in her terror , she recognized muriall . 
 how ? 
 why ? 
 but , it was too late she was dying . 
 the creature tightened its hold on her , as it reached out to knock away her rescuer . 
 through the reeds , she saw another shape hovering - daisy - enraged , the black lipped smile gone to be replaced with a snarl , her head dipping , teeth ferociously sinking into the thick scaled skin of the creature 's shoulder . 
 releasing jessie momentarily , it turned its attention to daisy now paddling swiftly to the surface , luring the creature away from jessie . 
 floating to the bottom of the lake , jessie watched the last bit of her oxygen drifting in bubbles from her mouth . 
 she glimpsed muriall 's skirt surround her , felt slim strong arms enfold her , long legs kicking , taking them to the surface and darkness . 
 however , the monster returned , stroking powerful arms towards them , the violet eyes wide and malevolent in silted water . 
 she saw muriall raise a short sword , whilst still holding onto her tightly with the other arm . 
 their bodies colliding , the fiend gnashing teeth , wrestled with muriall . 
 in the struggle , jess felt herself falling once more into the mud . 
 her breath now gone , her body still , a vision of douglas floated before her , his hair blue black in the sunshine , his hands so tender caressing , stroking back her hair , his arms lifting her , lips soft on her cheek as he carried her into darkness . 
 in his office , douglas leapt to his feet as he heard a dog barking , a woman screaming . 
 nat rushed to his door . 
 ` come quickly someone 's drowning in the lake , there 's a bloody dog out there in trouble as well . ' 
 ` jessie ? 
 it is jessie ; i know it - know it - oh christ . ' 
 douglas caught up with nathan . ' 
 i saw her walking with daisy . 
 i should n't have left her alone . ' 
 running abreast , they reached the edge of the lake , to see water churning , a monstrous scaled creature fighting . 
 douglas caught his breath as he saw what appeared to be a woman lashing out with a knife . 
 surely not ? 
 it could n't be ? 
 long reeds of red hair flew above the spray , scarlet skirts ballooning . 
 he cried out to nat . 
 ` it 's muriall - ca n't be - this is crazy . ' 
 he stopped short as he glimpsed a white shape swimming towards them tugging at something white , it looked like another body submerged beneath the water . 
 ` oh christ - no - no . 
 nat quick . ' ' 
 nat shouted , ` what the hell is happening ? ' 
 douglas bent to kick off his shoes , shouting , ` it 's jessie - jessie ' . 
 running towards the water , he felt the phobia rise almost paralyzing him . 
 filling his chest with air , he screamed his way through the fear , as he jumped straight into the deep water of the quay striking out towards the dog and jessie . 
 as he neared the dog , he saw the body rise to the surface , saw the white features so still , the scarlet hair almost maroon in the moonless night . 
 it was jessie . 
 now praying to a god he had so bitterly rejected , his arms thrashed the water as he swam towards her . 
 chapter 45 almost within reach of jessie 's floating body , douglas watched her turn face down into the water . 
 in a frenzied lunge , he reached her , swiftly flipping her over . 
 nat now within yards of him shouted , ` you take her in ; i 'll get the bloody creature . ' 
 but , douglas could see the creature breaking from muriall and speeding towards them . 
 ` no , nat get her and daisy to the shore . ' 
 leaving him no option , douglas turned swimming swiftly to the monster now churning the water towards him . 
 taking a deep breath , he dived , his arms pumping , as he swam underwater . 
 he would take the thing by surprise . 
 he saw the heavy body on the surface above him . 
 forcing his way up , douglas flung his arms around the scaly body dragging it below the surface of the water . 
 the creature turned with massive fangs to bite down into his throat , but douglas was ready for him , punching him in the mouth . 
 thrashing and rolling , they sank to the bottom of the lake , the mud writhing up , swirling around them . 
 fighting to hold his breath , douglas would not let go , he had to give nat and daisy time to get jess to safety . 
 embroiled in the murky depths , punching , kicking and biting , he felt the creature 's rock rough hands tightening on his throat . 
 as he tried to wrench the reptilian fingers away , they abruptly loosened . 
 relieved , surprised , he kicked himself free to be almost blinded by bubbles of blood . 
 peering through the gloom , he saw muriall with skirts billowing , slashing through the creature 's legs with a gruesome sword . 
 choking , desperate for breath , douglas kicked his way to the surface . 
 gasping , he looked around to see nat hauling jessie up to the bank along with daisy . 
 as he peered into the depth 's he saw the white face of a woman , bright steel flashing in her hand , her long scarlet hair wafting around her , saw the limp scaled arm of the creature now floating with open wounds trailing blood , the monstrous body still . 
 douglas knew - knew that he was looking down into the face of muriall . 
 a sob rose in his chest . 
 they owed her their lives . 
 striking out for the shore he knew , it was all true - true . 
 he felt a dreamlike calm , as he realized physical death was not final . 
 jess was right ; she 'd been right all along . 
 at least , she was safe thank god . 
 he would never doubt her again . 
 as he climbed onto the bank , he saw nathan holding daisy bleeding from a jagged wound in her shoulder . 
 his eyes went to george bending over jessie turning her on her side to help drain the water out of her lungs . 
 looking up , george said , ` she 's not breathing . ' 
 god no , not after all this , she had to be alive . 
 pushing his friend aside , douglas said , ` get an ambulance , i 'll do cpr . ' 
 he felt the terror rise , reliving his nightmare , his mind flashing to the still small form of his daughter , as the paramedics fought to save her . 
 it was happening again . 
 the phobia rose up and swallowed him whole . 
 his knees buckled , his body folding in paralysis , move man - move . 
 gritting his teeth , he looked up to see dinah standing beside him , the tears streaming down her face . 
 he said , ` look , you do the compressions , and i 'll breathe for her . 
 start now - come on . ' 
 with her face twisted in grief , dinah pumped jessie 's chest , stopping for douglas to blow into her mouth . 
 silently , with muscles clenched , he worked steadily urging jessie to breathe . 
 after some minutes , dinah stopped , looking helplessly at him . 
 ` she 's gone doug ' - she 's gone . ' 
 douglas shook his head , growling . 
 ` by god she has n't . ' 
 he took over , pressing on jessie 's chest , then breathing into her mouth . 
 as he pressed down again , he heard a crack and knew he 'd broken her rib . 
 dinah whispered , `` she 's gone douglas . 
 please stop ; she 's gone . ' 
 douglas looked down at jessie 's pale face , at the delicate splatter of freckles across the bridge of her nose ; the green eyes closed as if in death ; he gave a great cry , lifting her lifeless body into his arms , cradling her to his chest . 
 kneeling on the grass , with tears streaming , he rocked her to and fro . 
 he did n't hear the sirens of the ambulance or see the flashing lights neither did he hear the ambulance men racing towards them . 
 the paramedic dressed in dark green overalls patted his shoulder , ` okay mate , we 'll take her now . ' 
 terrified , douglas clenched his fists , feeling his nails dig into the palms of his hands as they brought out a defibrillator ; with hope rising , he watched them cut open the white tank top releasing her breasts . 
 looking down on her beauty , the pale skin , the toned muscles of chest and diaphragm , he cried aloud . 
 no , it could n't be , she could n't die . 
 for god 's sake jess fight - fight . 
 warning the crowd to stand back , the paramedics applied the paddles . 
 jessie 's body jerked in response , but there was no sign of a heartbeat on the monitor . 
 again , they applied the paddles , but to douglas 's despair , there was no reaction . 
 as they began to shake their heads , douglas shouted ` do n't stop , for christ 's sake work man - work . ' 
 yet , even on the third try , jessie did not respond . 
 the paramedics stood back their faces grim . 
 now he screamed into the night , his hand reaching back into his pocket . 
 a demented prayer escaped his lips , ` jess - come back to us - i believe jessie - i believe - god help me , i believe in you - in spirit . 
 do n't leave me alone . ' 
 his heart leapt as he saw her eyelids move , then open , ` doug - my love . ' 
 dinah looked around , her face pale with relief , her feet soaking in wet trainers . 
 swiftly , the paramedics inserted an oxygen tube , hoisting her onto a trolley , and into the ambulance . 
 one of them turned to douglas , shivering , his face ashen . 
 ` do n't know what happened there mate , but whatever it was it worked - bloody miracle . ' 
 george caught douglas 's arm . 
 ` she 's alive man - alive . 
 thank god . 
 we 'll take you to the hospital . ' 
 douglas shook his head . 
 ` no - i 'm going in the ambulance with her . 
 she needs me . 
 i do n't want her to be alone . ' 
 he remembered her words , ` i 've always felt so alone . ' 
 he would make damn sure that did n't happen now , as she fought for her life . 
 he muttered to an unknown god . 
 ` thanks - i do n't know who the hell i 'm talking to , but thanks . ' 
 chapter 46 raising her hands to the circle of light she floated up through the waters . 
 glimpsing silver fish , with scales iridescent greens and blues , darting among lily pads , she tried to touch one . 
 at the surface , the sun beamed on her face , as reeds brushed her legs . 
 however , the sun became an electric light , the reeds , a crisp hospital sheet . 
 astonished , jess saw douglas asleep , his head lying across her lap . 
 hesitantly , she reached out , her fingers brushing the blue-black waves . 
 at her touch , he awoke instantly . 
 raising his head , he said , ` darling - at last . ' 
 smiling gently , he grasped her hand . 
 visions flooded her mind , the boat tipping , a scaly arm grabbing her , taking her to the bottom of the lake . 
 ` douglas ? 
 what happened ? 
 i fell out of the boat - there was a monster . 
 there was ? ' 
 ` do n't get upset . 
 you 're safe sweetheart . '' 
 ` daisy ? ' 
 ow 's lily ? '' . 
 she 's fine - resting at the vet 's . 
 they had to stitch up a tear on her shoulder , but she 's okay . ' 
 ` oh thank god . 
 she tried to save me . 
 i can see her now , swimming right down to the bottom . 
 she attacked that monster . ' 
 douglas nodded . 
 ` when it came to it jess , she was right there - would 've given her life for you . ' 
 ` did she have many stitches ? ' 
 douglas decided to keep it light . 
 ` just a few jess - but she 's gon na be okay ' ` how long have i been here ? 
 ` just the night . ' 
 ` it was max - was n't it ? 
 ` yeah , but i do n't think you 'll be bothered with him again . 
 he 's gone back to the hell he came from . ' 
 ` you ca n't send them back douglas . 
 only an exorcist can do that . 
 he 's not finished yet . ' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` you know - i think i saw muriall . 
 i remember seeing her streaking towards me , long red hair , and a skirt billowing in the water . ' ' 
 i saw her jess - saw her face . 
 she fought him - saved you - saved me . 
 i ca n't explain it away this time . 
 it happened . 
 i 'm sorry jess . 
 it 's my bloody fault for not believing in you . 
 i feel such a heel . ' 
 he almost jumped as jessie gasped , ` oh no , the box - oh no - there was a box with letters ? ' 
 ` is this what you 're talking about ? ' 
 douglas grinned holding up the tin box . 
 she squealed with delight , wincing through the pain of two cracked ribs ` oh god , yes - yes . ' 
 ` nat saved it . 
 they went out to get the boat and found it in the bottom . 
 i checked the contents ; they did n't get wet , but then it had a tight-fitting lid . 
 how did you find them ? ' ' 
 i just could n't get the painting out of my mind - the inscription . 
 i saw muriall struggling with someone , i thought - max . 
 ghost or no ghost , i had to help her . ' 
 douglas nodded . ' 
 i understand - i wish to god , you 'd contacted me first . ' 
 he lowered his eyes . 
 ` i 've been so stupid jess . ' 
 impulsively , she reached out her hand to grip his . 
 ` we both have . 
 i should n't have tried to make you believe . 
 you were trying to go along with it . ' 
 he managed a weak grin , ` trying is the right word i think . 
 i know it 's no excuse , but it was all too much , but the demon ; i saw the bloody thing . 
 fought with it . ' 
 jess coloured up . 
 ` it could have killed you -- ' he interrupted , his face tense . 
 ` changing the subject , the inscription on the tin is the same as your locket ? ' 
 jessie nodded opening the tin box . 
 lifting out the letters , she looked at douglas ` this is as much yours as mine . 
 i mean i found it in the tomb on your island . ' 
 her voice trailed away as she held his eyes . 
 ` no , it 's yours as well jess . 
 if the inscription on the tin is the same as the locket , then it looks like we 're both involved here . 
 go on , have a look , take the letters out . ' 
 jessie hesitated . 
 ` you 're sure ? ' 
 he smiled , as he looked at the pale skin , framed in fiery hair , a narrow bridge of light freckles across her nose . 
 ` open the letters . ' 
 jessie stopped as dinah popped her head through the door . 
 ` hey . 
 you 're awake . 
 is it okay for us to come in ? ' 
 as usual , her cousin looked radiant , the raven hair curling around her shoulders contrasting with the pale pink shirt . 
 lucy appeared behind her followed by george and nathan . 
 lucy put a bunch of mixed flowers on her bedside cabinet whilst dinah popped some grapes in the bowl . 
 as the girls found chairs , dinah said , ` you look better . 
 that was one terrible night jess . ' 
 douglas muttered , ` she should n't have gone on her own - should 've asked me . ' 
 jess threw him a look , but refrained from saying he had n't been talking to her at the time . 
 nathan said , `` we heard daisy barking and then the screaming . 
 douglas 's office is at the back , but we made it out front pretty quick . ' 
 george said , `` we were teaching - but when we heard the racket , i think the whole class came out to have a look . 
 did n't realize it was anything to do with you . ' 
 jessie said . ' 
 i do n't remember much nat . 
 but , thank you for saving my life . ' 
 nat said , ` douglas took the beast on . 
 phobia or no phobia . 
 i managed to get daisy and you to the shore . ' 
 jessie 's eyes filled . 
 ` that was so brave of you both . 
 i just do n't know how to thank you ' looking at douglas , she said , ' a phobic attack can paralyze , but you not only fought that , but also max . ' 
 nat broke in , ` it was a bloody monster - scales - fangs . 
 scared the life out of me . ' 
 douglas took her hand , squeezing it gently , ` all i could think of was you . ' 
 he rose and gently kissed her forehead . 
 jessie felt her heart swell at his kiss . 
 if only they could stop arguing - find some balance . 
 as if reading her mind , douglas said , ` looks like we 're gon na go on quarrelling into the sunset . ' 
 dinah grinned , that sounded like a proposal if only jess realized . 
 she would tell her of douglas 's heartbreak as he fought for her life . 
 but , not here , not now . 
 jessie flinched at douglas 's words , blushing as she saw the adoration in his eyes . 
 that look and those words sounded long term . 
 covering her confusion , she said to the group . 
 ` we 've got some letters here . 
 i found them in the tomb - i 'll explain later . ' 
 she took the bundle out of the tin box and untied the crimson ribbon . 
 spreading them across the bed she said , `` they 're all dated but out of order . 
 let 's start with the first shall we ? ' 
 startled dinah said , ` oh my god , this is exciting . 
 what date is it ? ' 
 ` well there 's a single page of parchment . 
 oh my goodness , it is from sir guy mavebury . 
 it reads , these letters and newspaper articles belong to my beloved stepsister muriall . 
 these i have interred in her tomb for posterity . 
 enclosed also are letters , she wrote to her sister the lady brianna . 
 these were kindly returned by brianna 's husband shortly after her untimely death from the typhus . 
 we still had no knowledge about the whereabouts of duncan and muriall . 
 her letters to duncan 's beloved wife should be in your safe keeping . 
 jessie began sorting through them flinching as she moved her body . 
 ` here 's a date - march 27th 1810 . 
 then there 's another one april 15th . ' 
 seeing the raised eyebrows and curiosity , she said , ` shall i read it out ? ' 
 dinah quipped , ` ca n't wait - go on . ' 
 chapter 47 pushing herself higher on the bed jessie began to read , peering closer at the faded script on yellowed parchment paper . 
 lifting the first page to find the writer , she said . 
 ` it 's from muriall . 
 she looked over to douglas , beaming ; she continued . 
 ` err ... it 's to the lady brianna a'hearne , rhonan castle , cornwall , england . 
 dearest brianna , your letter meant so much to me . 
 i know that you are with me in spirit , and i am stronger for it . 
 the scottish clearances are raising panic on the estates here . 
 we fear the absentee landlords intend to evict the tenant farmers to use their land for sheep grazing . 
 it 's all to do with the wool economy . 
 how can this be ... ? ' 
 she paused ; this is just like the dreams ; it confirms everything . 
 muriall was really speaking to us . ' 
 george said , ` uncanny - just makes my blood boil . 
 those bloody landlords had no right - no morals . 
 d'you know i read that one of the landlords inherited ninety thousand acres and immediately planned to clear the lot - give it over entirely to sheep , the tenants forced to trek to the coast - to cut seaweed . 
 it was a special kind of seaweed only found in deep water . 
 so the poor devils had to wade out waist deep to hack it from the rocks , children too ... but carry on jess - carry on . ' 
 jess picked up another letter to read of the plight of an old couple starving in a shack by the sea ; dinah looked over to lucy to see her wiping her eyes smudging the mascara . 
 ` oh god , it just does n't seem possible . 
 those poor people , left to die . 
 if , it had n't been for muriall and her sister , they would have just walked to their death in the sea . ' 
 picking up another letter jessie said , ` douglas would you mind reading , i just do n't feel up to it really , anyway my ribs hurt . ' 
 douglas winced , ` that 's my fault . 
 i 'm sorry ; i was clumsy ... i -- ' ` you saved my life doug . 
 and i 'm grateful . ' 
 looking into his eyes , jess saw the adoration , the pain . 
 reaching out he took his hand , ` without you , i would n't be here - i know that . ' 
 his faced flushed . 
 ` it was a joint effort - me , nat and muriall . ' 
 dinah bit her lip ; jess still did n't know that she had literally died for a few minutes . 
 now was not the time to tell her . 
 pushing through the letters and articles , doug said , ` i 'll just read out some snippets , they 're not in date order , obviously they were bundled together in haste . 
 we can study them in depth later . ' 
 as he read , so the tragic story of the clearances and of muriall unfolded . 
 after reading for some time , he said , my voice is getting hoarse , so i 'll just finish reading this one , and then you can all take your pick . 
 picking up another letter ad-lib , he read , december10th 1810 . 
 my dearest love , how happy i am to read your letter . 
 i love you so much - it hurts when we 're so far apart . 
 i do hope you can rally support . 
 but now , i must ask you to hurry back . 
 duncan i am increasing - i am with child . 
 what are we to do my love ? 
 it will take some time for you to return from jamaica . 
 i can conceal it for some months , but then i am at the mercy of the earl . 
 i fear his wrath . 
 i know he loves me , but if he finds out before your return , i fear banishment . 
 - or worse , he may put me out into the night . 
 it is just not ` ton ' ; it has happened to other girls . 
 they have been left to roam the roads begging . 
 if i tell him i am your wife , he could have the marriage annulled - make up some excuse . 
 you know how powerful he is and father o'sullivan so timid . ' 
 please answer this duncan - i fear the worst . 
 douglas put down the letter . 
 ` poor girl - she 's fighting for the tenants and for her unborn child . ' 
 jessie whispered , ` good god , what a predicament . 
 she must have been terrified . 
 i know young women were actually thrown out - left to starve really . 
 honestly , men are beasts . '' 
 douglas said , ` yeah , if wives were unfaithful or even if the husband suspected it , they could be ejected from the house - lose their home , children - money . 
 some were ferreted away to asylums , or locked in a room without anyone raising any questions . '' 
 jess muttered , ` women had no rights at all - damn men . ' 
 george said , ` yeah , seems men ruled with a rod of iron . 
 a man had the right to bring his mistress home and install her in the marriage bed ; the wife had to sleep in the spare room . 
 if they rebelled , the husband or even their own brothers quickly subdued them . 
 there was a film about it , the duchess , few years back now . ' 
 jessie scowled , ` bloody men . ' 
 george gave a tight smile . 
 `` ca n't argue with that now . 
 it was terrible for women through the centuries . 
 even in the nineteenth and early twentieth-century , women were sold . 
 it was called ` wife selling ' . 
 in the poorer areas , the wife was paraded before the men wearing a halter and sold off to the highest bidder . 
 it was legal , went on all the time . 
 with the rich , they sold her off to friends to settle gambling debts . '' 
 jessie plucked at the crisp sheet . 
 ` men - bastards . ' 
 ` but , not all women suffered jess . 
 some were cherished . 
 others led normal lives as long as they did n't nag or answer back too much . 
 the husband had the right to use her money as he pleased . ' 
 ` cherished ? 
 i 'm sorry george , but you make them sound like pets . ' 
 ` yeah i know - did n't mean to - you 're right though - shocking business . ' 
 seeing that jess was slipping down in the bed , dinah , went to help her sit up . 
 aware of the cracked ribs , she took care not to pull her too much . 
 adjusting the pillows , she said , ` there now , is that more comfortable ? ' 
 jess nodded . 
 ` thanks di , that 's great . 
 looking around at the friends she said , ` let 's get on . 
 there 's another letter here from muriall to duncan . 
 dinah moved forward eagerly , ` what does it say ? ' 
 my dearest duncan , i was so glad to receive your letter . 
 i read and re-read it , then held it to my breast as i went to sleep . 
 i could smell your scent on the paper , even that you had a cigar at some time during the writing of it . 
 i am so relieved you will be home long before i begin to show . 
 this empire line does indeed help . 
 many women dispense with corsets - as have i . 
 so , along with a shawl , i think i can keep our secret until your return . 
 i know that you are working hard for the slaves . 
 i do not blame them making for the hills , at least they will have some kind of a life with the maroons , but as you write they can barely scratch a living in such arid land . 
 i miss you so much , i long to hold your dear face and kiss your lips . 
 my body aches for you ; i dream of you holding me close to your heart . 
 pray god , we will be soon be able to live as man and wife publicly . 
 but , as you say it could well be we repair to your plantations in jamaica . 
 i must say it would be a welcome relief from these cold and wet climes . 
 we are still ferreting food to the farmers and tenants . 
 uncle has no idea ; he 's only interested in his tomes anyway . 
 with regular sustenance , they are beginning to get some flesh back on their bones . 
 robbie is taking on a lot of work at the stables . 
 uncle sees none of the servants besides the intimate house staff , as he expects all servants to keep to the tunnels . 
 this rule serves us well as now i have alice helping in the kitchen and the bairns are looked after by the neighbours . 
 he would be furious if he were to espy any of the servants , as you know , from any room in the manor so this ruling serves our purpose . 
 we are still saving as much of our own food as we can , and stealing from the stores and the kitchen . 
 we have to be wary of the housekeeper you know what the old witch is like , always currying favour with uncle and the steward . 
 one of the servants told me that last night , the steward , the butler and the head houseman , dined in the housekeeper 's private rooms , with meats , fish and fine wines and then a pudding of apple pie and custard with helpings of fresh cream . 
 god will repay them their selfishness and greed . 
 how i would like to take my horsewhip to them duncan . 
 but , there is the dinner gong . 
 i must go . 
 you know how uncle becomes so tetchy if anyone is late . 
 why we have to dress for dinner i know not ? 
 we have no guests this night , but still we must bathe and dress formally . 
 aunt will not be present ; as usual , she has a touch of the vapours , due to the dog escaping into the gardens today . 
 on a lighter note , it was such a merry scene , with the housemaids , and the butler running hither and thither after it , and aunt almost fainting , as she watched from the balustrade . 
 take care my beloved husband . 
 i pray god you can help the slaves . 
 these are wretched times with the slaves and the clearances . 
 your own devoted muriall . 
 dinah pursed her lips . ' 
 i wonder if he did get back in time . 
 accidents happen especially at sea . ' 
 chapter 48 the letters and newspaper articles lay in a neat pile by dinah 's side . 
 yet her attention was focused on daisy 's wound . 
 ` it 's only been ten days or so jess , and she 's healing well . ' 
 lapping up the attention daisy rolled into her favourite position on her back , her four feet in the air , the pink tongue lolling from the black lipped smile . 
 in that position , she looked more wolf than the benign golden retriever . 
 a wicked gleam in her eye warned dinah that if she stopped stroking the pink belly , daisy would lift a huge paw and proceed to punch her . 
 retrievers were well-known for boxing in either play or anger . 
 smiling she continued to rub the pink belly as she said , ` the letters are incredible jess , but there 's not much pointing to muriall 's disappearance . ' ' 
 i know it 's so disappointing . 
 but , since reading the letters i 've read a lot about the clearances - had me in tears . 
 people suffered so much , many starving - dying . ' 
 raising her head , dinah said , ` how 's phantom ? 
 scratched anyone lately ? ' 
 like jessie , she was an animal lover but was now wary of the black cat . 
 it appeared from nowhere and clawed her leg drawing blood on the first meeting . 
 jessie picked the cat up hissing and struggling putting it in the bedroom and closing the door . 
 as it howled and scratched , jess said , ' i still ca n't get him to trust anyone . 
 looks like he 's been badly treated di , but i could find him another home if you like . ' 
 di quickly raised her hand , ` no - no it is okay he 's been badly treated - he needs time and lot of love . 
 that 's if you can love a cat that mean . ' 
 jess smiled , ` well ; he 's a little bugger , but we can try . ' 
 today , phantom sniffed around di ' warily , then to their surprise rubbed his head against the calf of her leg , mewing . 
 jess grinned , ` he 's still mean , but he 's coming around . 
 daisy loves him . 
 she was so brave that night at the lake , you know . 
 i just ca n't imagine her biting that monster as she did . ' 
 ` that was peculiar jess . 
 we all thought max was a ghost or incubus , but he changed into a demon , powerful enough to overturn the boat almost and drag you down to the bottom of the lake . ' ' 
 i have heard that ghosts or demons can take on human form , demons especially . 
 they 're supposed to be shape shifters as well . ' 
 giving a slight shudder dinah said , ` let 's hope , he does n't shape shift into douglas or one of the others . 
 they found no sign of him . 
 let 's hope he 's back in hell . 
 father o'reilly was none too happy about it . 
 he still insists it 's because we used the ouija board , that we 've released some powerful evil . 
 but then , he did say it was not one of the major demons or devils . 
 bad enough though . ' ' 
 i wonder if he 'll come back ? ' 
 ` god i hope not - even douglas is convinced it 's max , the younger brother . 
 i mean if he was in the hell fire club , then he carried out depraved practices , must have prayed to the devil . 
 you never know do you ? ' 
 crossing to the laptop dinah said , `` why do n't we search deeper ? '' 
 booting up the computer , she saw jess try to rise from the settee . 
 ` no do n't move , give those ribs time . 
 hah , here we are , there 's a load of information on wikipedia it says the hell fire club was active in the years 1735 to 1741 , but many say it continued in secret right up until the early twentieth century . 
 it 's built on montpelier hill known as the hell fire club . 
 now on the slopes of montpelier is a forest named hell fire wood . 
 there was a cairn , a passage grave on the summit . 
 it seems there were satanic rites carried out - debauchery and so on . 
 they procured local prostitutes , even abducted innocent girls too terrified to report their abductors . 
 it was known as the haunted house , the kennel , as well as the hell fire club . 
 it says that the lodge was built from the stones of the prehistoric grave , that the lintel from the grave was used over the fireplace . ' 
 jess shivered , ` sounds eerie . ' 
 dinah put her finger near the screen . 
 ` here 's some more information , a violent storm blew the roof off the lodge . 
 local rumours held that it was the work of the devil in revenge for debasing the roof of a pagan queen . 
 they always had an empty chair or throne ready for the devil to preside over the meetings . 
 good god , it appears priests visited as well . 
 look what it says there - they sacrificed a black cat . 
 the priest grabbed the cat and exorcised it only to see a demon released from the cat 's corpse . ' 
 dinah looked around the room , but the black cat was no longer seated at the window gazing over the lake . 
 ` where 's phantom gone ? ' 
 jessie said , ` aw come on now ; he 's no demon . ' 
 going back to the screen , dinah said , ` well you never know - you must admit he is strange . ' 
 ` all cats are strange - they have this aloofness , and they can be moody . ' 
 leaving the desk , dinah sat back in a chair , ' i suppose so , black cats are always associated with magic anyway , either the witches ' familiar or the devil 's earthly form . 
 but , changing the subject jessie , how 's it going with douglas ? ' 
 ` he 's okay . 
 he 's very attentive - caring . 
 i do n't know di ... ' ` you do n't sound like you 're all that enamoured of him jess . ' 
 ` well i am . 
 i just ca n't believe that he risked his life for me , taking on a demon in the lake . 
 but , we 're just so different di ' - personalities - beliefs . 
 but , at the same time , he 's always in my thoughts . 
 i dream about him , think of him when i wake up , and he 's the last thing i think about before sleeping . ' 
 ` huh , you 're in love . ' 
 ` maybe you 're right . 
 but , how can we ever get on when i believe in spiritual and psychic matters , and he 's an agnostic ? 
 well , was , i must say he is now admitting that he does believe but just then in the next breath he 's saying he does n't want to dabble in it . 
 the thing is , i 'm not dabbling di ' . 
 it 's my life , as you know - it 's yours too . ' ' 
 i know jess ; it 's so difficult loving a guy and yet not gelling on the important things . 
 but , you know they do say , you ca n't choose who you fall in love with , neither can you mould them to what you want . ' 
 dinah pursed her lips . 
 ` he 's a good guy jess . 
 i know i told you he was so upset when he thought you 'd - you know - drowned . 
 we 've never really talked about what really happened - but it was bad jess . 
 we thought we 'd lost you but douglas just would n't give up . 
 that 's why you ended up with cracked ribs -- ' ` and my life . ' 
 ` yes - thank god . 
 i 've never seen grief like that . 
 when he thought he could n't revive you , he just picked you up in his arms and sobbed . 
 i can see him now , catching you up to his chest , holding you tightly , kissing - shouting at you to come back - that he loved you , and then rocking to and fro weeping . 
 i could n't console him ; i was crying too much myself . 
 biting her lip , jessie said , ' i do n't remember any of it , but from what you say - i just feel so confused . 
 however , coming back to the spiritual side of it . 
 now he says he believes , but he 's still not willing to go any further . ' 
 ` he 's told you jess - he 's afraid . 
 give him time . 
 thing is , you 've got to make up your mind . 
 do you love him - i mean really love him ? ' 
 lowering her eyes , jessie went quiet before saying , ' i do n't just love him di , i worship him . 
 i think that 's why i want everything to be perfect . 
 i had enough of prissy arguing with me all the time , and i just do n't want it happening with him . 
 i could n't bear it . ' 
 ` you ca n't expect him to go headlong into the things you believe in . 
 he may never . 
 but , there 's plenty going on beside spirituality and psychic beliefs . ' 
 ` maybe that 's too big a compromise . 
 but you 're right . 
 i love him desperately . 
 he is so passionate -- ' hearing a knock on the door , startled , they both jumped . 
 george 's cheery voice rang out . 
 ` hello ladies - door 's open can we come in ? ' 
 dinah flushed a bright red and looked at jessie , who bit her lips together trying not to laugh . 
 yet , it seemed george had not overhead their conversation as he walked in , followed by lucy and nat . 
 douglas was not with them . 
 nat seeing the question in jessie 's eyes , said , ` doug ' will be here in a minute . 
 he took victor out for a walk . ' 
 lucy and nathan took the settee whilst george plumped himself in an armchair pulling a blustering dinah onto his lap . 
 ` how 's my girl today ? ' 
 he smiled foolishly , patting her knee . 
 ` for god 's sake george , d'you mind ? ' 
 she pulled at her skirt that had ridden up near to her groin . ' 
 ` nope , do n't mind at all . ' 
 as dinah struggled to get up , douglas walked into the room . 
 his eyes lighted upon jess . 
 ` hi sweetheart , how are you feeling ? ' 
 stooping , he kissed her full on the lips . 
 surprised , she laughed , ` i 'm fine thanks . 
 there 's a spare chair over there . ' 
 douglas grinned , ' i shall sit at your feet madam . ' 
 jess felt the blush heat her face and chest . 
 ` now to business - let 's discuss the letters . 
 who 's read all of theirs ? ' 
 raising her hand , lucy said , ` there 's very little of muriall in my lot - more newspaper articles . 
 however , i must say they were awful times . 
 she worked so hard to help , but there was little she could do really . ' 
 george interjected , ` the newspaper article on the evictions from the village was horrific . 
 how on earth could someone have that kind of power ? 
 i mean evicting all those families . 
 then having the military drive them from the holes in the ground . 
 that landlord literally sentenced them to death . 
 lucy nodded , ` george showed me that . 
 no-one interfered - they just went along with it . ' 
 ` forced more like . ' 
 said dinah . ' 
 i read it too . 
 he would n't allow the neighbours to help those people - the swine . 
 i mean four hundred people . ' 
 jessie nodded her face muscles tensing . 
 ` it was horrific . 
 muriall was so fierce - so brave . 
 even though her heart was breaking she did not weaken but fought on trying to protect the women and children . ' 
 douglas 's face tensed , as he said , ` one thing , i do know jessie , is your dreams and visions tally with these letters . 
 there 's something we must do straightaway and that 's send off all we have for dna analysis . ' 
 chapter 49 she drank in the moment , an idyllic scene with a gorgeous man . 
 it had taken over six weeks for her ribs to heal . 
 even now , they were still sore . 
 jessie gazed at the sun-dappled leaves of the weeping willow trailing slender branches into the waters . 
 overhead , a kingfisher 's wings shone iridescent blues and greens . 
 jessie lounged on the blanket , stroking the black curls from douglas 's brow . 
 it was idyllic , the sun , lake , trees and him ; a private spot hidden far enough away from the manor . 
 she bent to kiss the full lips her fingers now rubbing against the bristle of his unshaven cheek . 
 he smiled languorously , and with a soft grunt rose to take her into his arms . 
 ` so little lady what is next , food or a swim ? ' 
 jessie laughed , ` my stomach is pleading with me , so i guess we should ... ' tickling her under her chin , he stretched over to the picnic basket . 
 ` now let 's see what chef has arranged . 
 he said to leave it to him ; he knew exactly what we liked . ' 
 pulling out a linen tablecloth he began unpacking the food , passing it to jess , barbecued chicken thighs with piri seasoning along with king prawns in a light marie rose sauce , followed by panini 's of ham , salami , chorizo and salad . 
 she smelt the freshly baked bread rolls , as she took out the churned butter swirls in an iced dish . 
 her mouth watered at the avocado pears laden with more prawns in a tart lime and coriander sauce . 
 ` gosh douglas , this is great . 
 i could eat it all . 
 he certainly knows what we like . 
 what about you ? ' 
 ` could n't have chosen better . 
 and he 's got some pork and apple sausage , and for dessert strawberry pavlova with fresh cream . ' 
 douglas brought out two crystal flute glasses . 
 ` champagne on ice no less . ' 
 clinking glasses he said , ` here 's to the woman i love . ' 
 as they ate , they listened to the soft tones of a local radio station playing gaelic songs . 
 a female voice sang of love and roses , of yearning and return to the beloved land . 
 jessie was glad she 'd made the decision . 
 it had taken time for her to trust him again , but she did realize she had heaped her own assumptions and beliefs on him . 
 maybe that was a bit of prissy 's character coming out in her . 
 over the last weeks , she came to realize that beliefs or not , she loved him , and wanted to be with him . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 as she wiped some cream from his mouth , she grinned and standing up , said , ` now i 'm going for a swim . ' 
 laughing she ran into the shallows wading through the bull rushes loving the reeds wrapping around her legs . 
 god it was beautiful here , the water just warm , the sun sparkling like diamonds on the still water . 
 she had thought that maybe the terror of the attack would rise up to haunt her as she entered the water , but to her surprise , she felt completely at ease . 
 taking a deep breath , she plunged beneath the surface , her feet paddling her further into the lake . 
 rising to the surface , she stretched out on her back , floating . 
 her thoughts turned to the first time she 'd been here , wondering why he would n't come into the water . 
 now it did n't matter . 
 jess rolled onto her the stomach and stroked lazily to the willow tree . 
 did muriall and duncan make love beneath this tree ? 
 she wondered if she could persuade douglas to have treatment for the phobia , a phobia that kept him from having fun right now . 
 he 'd broken through the phobia , through his terror to save her life , but she knew it was still with him , still had that fearful hold . 
 however , he was still raw from rescuing her from the demon monster ; he needed time . 
 he still insisted on sharing the suite with her , the memory of the demonic attack not far from their minds . 
 they all agreed with father o'reilly that the jesuit priest should perform an exorcism to be sure that maximillian was dispatched permanently . 
 however , it took weeks to arrange . 
 they all submitted to psychiatric analysis , which was one of the first steps in arranging an exorcism . 
 the tests would reveal whether the haunting and attacks were due to hallucinations or underlying schizophrenia . 
 it was highly unlikely that all six of them and the priest also could be suffering from any mental illness , but it was one of the stipulations of the catholic church that they were primarily examined first by a psychiatrist . 
 she had decisions to make , should she push douglas to remove to his own quarters or should she entice him to stay . 
 rolling over she began using strong over arm strokes to the shore . 
 at least here in this idyll , the lake was screened by the bull rushes abating his fear of the water . 
 thank god for that . 
 slipping a towel over her shoulders , douglas gently rubbed her back . 
 ` god you 're beautiful . ' 
 his hands slid softly around her pulling her towards him . 
 she felt the iron muscles of his arms , heard the thud of his heart , felt his abs harden with desire . 
 she shuddered , closing her eyes as the tingling swept through her stomach . 
 his fingers swept over skin , like a pianist creating music . 
 trancelike she floated into the notes that rose like scintillating colours cascading through sunset . 
 she moaned softly , as he leant forward , his tongue trailing his fingers , his hands moulding her muscles into sensuous desire . 
 she pulled away . 
 ` not yet douglas , my ribs are not healed yet . 
 but soon - soon . ' 
 groaning he pulled her into his arms , stroking back the wet bright hair . 
 ` it seems my siren has turned into a vestal virgin . ' 
 smiling , jessie laid her head on his chest , trying to control her feelings for him , longing to stroke his magnificent torso . 
 instead , she lay listening to the beat of his heart , as it returned to a normal rhythm . 
 nuzzling her ear , he whispered , ` love you jess , stay with me . 
 tomorrow we should get the results of the dna , and then we 'll know where we 're going with all this . '' 
 her body stiffened slightly , when it came to it , how would he feel , if she was indeed the heir to rhonan . 
 for all his assurances that he would be happy with any result , for all his protestations of love for her , how would he really feel and more importantly , how would he react ? 
 chapter 50 pulling the sea green bathrobe around her , jessie opened the door to the pink scrubbed face of the courier . 
 her hand trembled as she signed for the letter . 
 excusing herself , she crossed to the writing desk whereupon a delighted daisy jumped up ready to play with this new friend . 
 jess returned pulling her off him , ` sorry about that she 's just ? ' 
 ` gorgeous ma'am - got one of these at home . 
 beautiful natures . ' 
 jess smiled broadly . 
 she was like a doting mother when it came to daisy . 
 tipping him generously , she closed the door . 
 daisy busied around her legs as she stared at the envelope . 
 now was the time of reckoning . 
 for all douglas 's assurances , she still had that slight fear of his reactions . 
 calling for him , he appeared , toothbrush in hand , a towel slung over a bare shoulder , another wrapped around his waist . 
 ` dna . 
 results are here . 
 i thought i 'd just wait for us to do this together . ' 
 he grinned through the toothpaste . 
 `` give me a second , i 'll throw on some clothes . ' 
 her heart thumped as she turned the letter over . 
 what the hell did it say ? 
 although it was addressed to both of them , she feared to open it alone . 
 better , he read it for himself . 
 sitting down in the chair , she called to daisy , busy fussing around by the door sniffing all the lovely scents left by the courier . 
 ` daisy come here - come on . ' 
 daisy ambled over , her tongue lolling from the black smile , the dark eyes questioning . 
 she did n't miss a trick where jessie was concerned . 
 she came over , and licked her hand , finishing off on her knee . 
 jessie let her fingers run through the white silky fur gaining strength from the sheer calm of the dog . 
 looking up , she heard douglas re-enter the room . 
 smiling still , he came and sat by her . 
 ` hey come on . 
 it 's not the end of the world . 
 we 'll face this together . 
 you know i 'm always with you . ' 
 jess nodded , handing him the letter . 
 ` seeing as it 's your hotel and your ancestor , i guess you should open this ? ' 
 taking the letter from her , he put it on the table . 
 he took her hand , looking earnestly into her eyes , ` before we open any letters jess . 
 i just want to say this . ' 
 he left the chair and knelt before her . 
 jess 's heart almost stopped . 
 what was he doing ? 
 he brought out a small navy blue box and opened it for her to see a deep blue sapphire surrounded with diamonds nestled on a tiny navy velvet pad . 
 she caught her breath , as he said , ` marry me jess . 
 make me the happiest man on the planet . ' 
 he took the ring from the box and held it up for her to see , ` there 's an engraving on the inside and here 's a magnifying glass . ' 
 her eyes now open in wonder , she said ` oh my god . ' 
 taking the ring and the magnifying glass she read , `` from dlr to jm forever united . '' 
 hardly able to speak , jessie put her hand on his shoulder drawing him up to sit beside her . 
 ` and i 'm the happiest woman on this planet . 
 oh douglas , i love you . ' 
 he held her tightly for a few seconds , his hand stroking her bright thick hair . 
 ` always babe , always . ' 
 he drew back and grinned , ' i wanted you to have this before - before we open the damned letter . ' 
 he read the first page of the letter without a word , a slight frown creasing his forehead . 
 ` damn , it 's complicated . 
 why ca n't they just spell it out ? ' 
 she looked over , her heart racing , but said nothing except to bite her lip . 
 douglas read the second page and then the third before going back again to the first page . 
 putting them in his lap , he laughed and took her in his arms . 
 ` hey look at me - jess - look at me ... seems we 're related . ' 
 with that , he laughed out loud , and grabbed her . 
 ` hello cousin - we could be had up for incest . ' 
 jess snatched up the papers her eyes racing down the pages . 
 ` oh my god , my god - we are related . 
 you really are my family . ' 
 she bit her knuckles . 
 as he took back the papers , he said , ` it reads here that the skeleton in the grave is not related ... so duncan did not drown himself in the lake then ? 
 they 've got the connections of the hair from the canvas and us . ' 
 jess put her hand down only to bite the knuckle of her finger . 
 ` so where does that leave us ? ' 
 ` exactly where we were minutes ago babe . 
 i love you even though you 're the heir to this estate . 
 bugger , you just made it through , there 's only a couple of weeks to go before the whole bloody thing folded up anyway . ' 
 ` it 's yours douglas . 
 i do n't need it . 
 i really do n't -- ' ` hey - we can work this out . ' 
 ` listen - i 've thought a lot about it . 
 i know that you will lose everything , but it does n't have to be that way . 
 i can re-sell it to you for pence - really . ' 
 he took her hands in his . 
 ` okay - i 've been thinking too . 
 i knew from all that 's happened that it was on the cards . 
 there were too many co-incidences for me to ignore , but what about this ? 
 you become the major share-holder - i 'll just hang in there . ' 
 ` no - i 'm the major shareholder in the mcgregor empire . 
 how about i 'm on the board or whatever you want to do - just a minor shareholder ? 
 i really do n't want to be anything else . 
 i have my practice , my psychology - research , besides my art . ' 
 douglas held her eyes . 
 ` whatever happens babe , we 're together . 
 he saw her glance down at her ring still in the box . 
 tugging at her hand he said , ' i mean that in all ways . 
 you 've said you love me , but you have not answered my question yet jess . 
 marry me - now - tomorrow . ' 
 jess felt her heart almost burst with love , relief and sheer joy . 
 ` of course i 'll marry you - you 're my life douglas - my life . ' 
 he grinned ' i know ; i overheard you and dinah that day . ' 
 jess drew a breath quickly , and punched him lightly . 
 ` you devil . 
 did the others hear too ? ' 
 ` of course they did . 
 we could hardly stop grinning . 
 that 's why george grabbed dinah , and i sat at your lovely feet . ' 
 ` now i 'm embarrassed . ' 
 ` made my day - love you jess . ' 
 he grabbed her kissing her all over her face . 
 he stopped for a moment to look at her , then grinned , ` cousin . 
 however , we go back so many generations it does n't count does it . 
 not as long as we do n't get throwbacks , just think a little duncan and a tiny muriall . 
 see we 've got the names already . ' 
 jess blushed . 
 ` hey we 're not even married - time enough for all that . ' 
 ` not soon enough for me . 
 but hey , we 're gon na have to let the gang know . 
 i think nat should be told before that . 
 he 's my brother and partner after all . ' 
 jess straightened up . 
 ` yes , of course . 
 have a chat with him - see if he 's happy with me being a minor shareholder . 
 think douglas , i can put a lot of money into this - extensions , golf course - safari - anything you like . 
 i 've got an idea , why do n't we open a complementary healing centre even a psychic centre ? 
 i 've heard of one in england - ca n't quite remember the name . 
 people come from all over the world for week-long seminars and courses . 
 what d'you think ? ' 
 ` sounds good , but let 's take it slowly . 
 you 've got to think about this too and your board of directors . 
 i 'll talk to nat and then we 'll get the others together . 
 let 's surprise them . 
 what about we have a sumptuous dinner served in here - champagne the lot . 
 we 'll have the dinner first and then tell them about the dna and our engagement . ' 
 pushing her hair back from her face jess said , ' i do n't know that i could go through all the courses and not let on - do you ? ' 
 ` we can try . ' 
 ` how about tonight ? 
 i do n't think i could go any longer without telling di . ' 
 chapter 51 george beamed , tucking into potato wedges covered in golden batter . 
 ` my favourite - but you knew that jessie . ' 
 ` glad you like it george , chef chose the menu for us tonight . 
 seems he 's well acquainted with all our tastes . ' 
 jessie grinned , her bright hair complimenting the deep blue of her dress . 
 lucy dazzled in a shift of gold silk as she tucked into a melon salad , ` yep , he 's catered for us all ; i see nat has his garlic mushrooms and dinah the lobster tails - great . ' 
 ` smashing idea having dinner and then a meeting . 
 but , i warn you ; i shall be too full to think properly . ' 
 george patted his ample belly , and proceeded to take off his velvet cord jacket dinah laughed , ` time you went to the gym george . 
 you 've always got an excuse . 
 or , you could start taking daisy and victor out for some long walks . ' 
 on hearing their names , both dogs raised their heads but seeing food was not on the horizon , sprawled back down across the bedroom door . 
 they both had strict instructions to stay in the bedroom , but inevitably , they would work their way to being under the table nudging for titbits . 
 george sighed . 
 ` it 's the way i 'm made babe . 
 look at lucy - thin as a rake . ' 
 ` hey not so much of the `` thin '' thanks . 
 i think slim is the word . ' 
 dinah beamed ` well ; i love you just as you are huggy bear . '' 
 she bent to pinch one of his potato wedges , seeing the appreciative glances he shot at the low cleavage of her strapless bustier scattered with scarlet sequins . 
 silently , dinah vowed she would take him in hand , diet , gym , long walks . 
 he was a great guy , but loved his food and beer . 
 as the waiter cleared away the first course , douglas looked over to jess his eyebrows raised . 
 catching his message , she nodded . 
 he rose to his feet , ` hey folks ; we 've got something to tell you . ' 
 four pairs of eyes widened with anticipation . ' 
 i - err - jess and i got the news this morning ... about the dna . 
 seems we 're related -- ' lucy squealed with delight , as george exclaimed , ` good god - so you 're cousins . ' 
 dinah leapt to her feet . 
 ` oh my god - my god . ' 
 nat already apprised of the situation , grinned , ` yeah seems i 've gained beautiful american cousins . ' 
 lucy tapped him on the shoulder . 
 ` you did n't say one word nat , and i 've been with you all afternoon . 
 how could you ? ' 
 he put a finger to his lips , and then grinned . 
 dinah looked at douglas . 
 ` how about the body in the tomb ? ' 
 shaking his head , he said , ` it 's not duncan - seems his death is a mystery . 
 he did n't commit suicide by drowning after all . 
 the rumours about him disappearing in search of muriall could be true . ' 
 ` hmm i wonder . 
 last we know from the letters ; they were going to jamaica , whether or not their marriage was approved of by the earl or the ton , jessie interjected , ` she was only in the early stages of pregnancy . 
 but , duncan does write to say he was returning as speedily as possible . ' 
 ` enough of this maudlin stuff . ' 
 taking lucy 's hand he added , ` looks like we get to visit our american family . 
 coming ? ' 
 the banter continued , as the wine flowed . 
 dinah looked at jess speculatively ; she seemed to be holding back , giving surreptitious glances over at douglas . 
 what was it ? 
 as one waiter cleared the dessert , another entered with a champagne bucket whilst yet another carried in flute glasses . 
 george laughed , ` way to go , way to go . 
 this is a celebration alright . ' 
 lucy gave a little shriek as the champagne cork flew across the room whilst dinah ducked . 
 once the waiter left , closing the door quietly behind him , douglas once again rose to his feet . . 
 ` okay folks - jess and i have something to tell you . 
 we 're getting married . ' 
 after a momentary silence , they leapt to their feet , lifting glasses . 
 raising his voice over the congratulations and laughter , george said , ` so when 's the happy date ? ' 
 jessie said , ` have n't got one yet , but we 're working on it . 
 lot of things to get sorted with the hotel and everything . ' 
 bringing out the little jewel box , douglas took out the ring placing it on the third finger of her left hand . 
 ` my bride to be . ' 
 dinah clapped her hands , ' i knew i knew it . 
 you 've been giving each other secret glances all evening . 
 let me see ? ' 
 jumping up she grabbed jessie 's hand as lucy followed . 
 the men sat where they were grinning . 
 dinah said , ` maybe now muriall 's spirit will be at rest . 
 you 're the descendent of the baby she was searching for jess . ' 
 as lucy made her way back to her seat , she said , ` muriall does seem to be quiet . 
 i have n't experienced anything lately have you jess ? ' 
 jess looked over to lucy , ` no - no dreams or premonitions . 
 i know i saw her just that once at the writing desk , and then a fleeting glimpse of her in the lake , but nothing since . ' 
 dinah nodded , ` she saved your life . 
 changing the subject , the letters and articles end so abruptly at the end of november . 
 the clearances go on for years . 
 there must be more . 
 so many questions left unanswered . ' 
 jess nodded , ` you 're right . 
 father o'reilly is n't at all happy . 
 he insists the haunting will continue until we have the exorcism . 
 but then , he 's an old grouch , puffing on that smelly pipe of his , rasping on about demons and jesuits . 
 he swears blind , we need the exorcism not for muriall but for the demon , which could be max - certainly looks like him from the portrait . 
 i thought it was in my imagination because i 'd seen the portrait . 
 but , you fought with him douglas . ' ' 
 i fought a monster jess , all scales and fangs . 
 just looking at the portrait , i 'm not sure if it was max , but it did remind me of him . ' 
 jess sighed , why did he have to go on fact alone ? 
 could n't he use just a bit of imagination . 
 she quelled the frustration . 
 he was n't going to change . 
 he was almost black and white , and she was all the shades in between . 
 as if reading her thoughts , he said , ` you know , maybe you 're right , i remember now , i saw this guy by the lake - he was quite odd , i thought he was in fancy dress or something . 
 it was the day i was searching for you ... ' he hesitated , looking at her , choosing his words carefully , ` you know the day of our - talk . 
 i heard voices in the suite , arguing , but when i opened the door , there was no-one there . 
 i went over to the window , and that 's when i saw him by the lake , looking up at me and smirking . 
 i thought he looked familiar , but i could n't place him , just thought he looked odd in fancy dress costume or something . 
 but , come to think of it , yes , it could have been max . ' 
 jess felt her whole body lighten . 
 a smile twitched at her lips . ' 
 i could kiss you for that douglas . ' 
 he hugged her tightly to him . 
 ` maybe father o'reilly 's right you know . 
 but , the only thing is , an exorcism could stir things up . ' 
 as he uttered those words , phantom shot out from his favourite sleeping spot on the window sill , hissing at the writing desk . 
 stunned to silence , they watched as he slunk across , his whiskers twitching , fangs glistening . 
 but then , he stopped and sunk to the carpet scratching his ear gracefully . 
 jess laughed , ` he 's moody . 
 maybe woke up from a bad dream of losing mice . ' 
 dinah grinned , ` so much for black cats , witches , and the devil . 
 anyway , muriall has helped us to reveal her descendent . 
 she must be at rest now . ' 
 jess nodded , ` true . 
 the only thing that is not clear , is why she carries the skeleton child - that is a mystery still . 
 anyway , now i know she is my grandmother a few greats removed . 
 it 's a wonderful feeling you know , a family at last . 
 now i can visualize all those ancestors standing behind me . 
 i feel ... complete . 
 she stroked douglas 's hand , smiling into his eyes . 
 douglas beamed . 
 ` now for some more news , jess and i have been discussing some new additions for the hotel , like a centre for complimentary healing , seminars and courses in the paranormal . ' 
 something for you guys to mull over . 
 but we can discuss that another time . ' 
 dinah frowned looking over to george , wondering if she could go back to work in new york . 
 their relationship looked to be going to another level . 
 she was falling in love with the guy , but what about her practice ? 
 could she and jess build up a practice in scotland ? 
 with douglas making arrangements to improve the hotel , jess would be making her home here . 
 as if reading her mind , george murmured , ` hmm i have been thinking of taking out a tenure at the university here , it 's not too far to travel . ' 
 he paused , looking meaningfully at dinah , who flushed . 
 nat caught hold of lucy 's hand , ` so what about it ? 
 you ca n't go back now . 
 we need you . ' 
 lucy lowered her eyes , her heart beating a tattoo . 
 it was too alluring to refuse . 
 the idea of the centre along with lecturing in the evenings at the hotel was attractive . 
 besides she did n't want to leave now . 
 nat was becoming important to her - too important for her to leave right now . 
 jess smiled inwardly ; it sounded as if there were some impending proposals floating around here . 
 aware of the softness of daisy 's head nudging her legs , jessie looked at the faces around the table . 
 she felt a rush of joy , of belonging . 
 she had a family and loving friends , the vacuum was filled , her heart at peace . 
 *** at few doors down from the mermaid suite , a woman shivered as voile curtains billowed from a sudden breeze . 
 setting down her glass of wine , she leant towards her husband , `` someone 's singing their baby to sleep . 
 is n't that sweet ? 
 can you hear it ? ' 
 the man rustled his newspaper , ` what ? ' 
 ` someone 's singing , ` bye baby bunting ... daddy 's gone a hunting ... can you hear it ? ' 
 ` no . ' 
 he turned a page . 
 ### exciting first chapter of the sequel : possessed at rhonan . 
 chapter 1 present day the archbishop 's palace . 
 north-west scotland . 
 your grace , a young woman 's soul is in danger - we need to act now - we have no time left ... ' tobias marescas brushed at his clerical suit , the jacket well worn at the elbows . 
 he challenged the archbishop . 
 ` you will see from the report ; we must carry out an exorcism . 
 archbishop sean quinn , grunted in pain , his body almost crippled with arthritis . 
 ` the local priest is well versed in the purification and exorcism of infested places . 
 i am surprised he has not had any success with this . 
 we should wait until there are actual signs ? ' 
 ` the next sign could prove fatal . 
 a young woman 's life is in your hands . 
 father o'reilly fears the demon is gathering strength to attack again . 
 i need to be ready . ' 
 the archbishop toyed with his pen , staring dubiously at the jesuit . 
 ` we must not act in haste here . 
 besides , psychiatric tests will have to be done . ' 
 i understand your grace . 
 i can arrange that . ' 
 marescas 's olive skin flushed , ` your grace , we need to have our plan of action ready to go at a moment 's notice . 
 to that end , i can be available . ' ' 
 i must discuss this more fully tobias ; i will call a meeting -- ' ` time is running out . 
 in god 's name your grace , i could be contacted at any time day or night . 
 i need your permission to answer that call . ' 
 the archbishop narrowed his eyes , as he argued , ` the young woman in question dabbled in the occult - i mean arranging a séance ? 
 no doubt , she attracted unclean spirits to her . 
 how can we take her seriously ? ' 
 leafing through his copy of the report , tobias said , ' i have it here , the lady is reported to be of excellent character . ' 
 sighing , he raked pale fingers through black hair , his mood as gloomy as the dark interior of the archbishop 's office , the heavy maroon curtains and victorian oak furniture , quarrelling with the light and winning . 
 the archbishop steepled crooked fingers to his chin , ` the evidence is too flimsy -- ' ` twice she was maliciously attacked , first by an incubus - her friend saved her that time . 
 the next time she was on her own when a demon - dragged her down to the bottom of the lake . 
 luckily , paramedics managed to bring her back from the brink of death . 
 the girl is in danger your grace ; these foul creatures are intent on possessing her soul . 
 we must do something . ' 
 the lines deepened on the archbishop 's face , ` about the séance , how many witnesses were present ? 
 can they be identified ? ' 
 father marescas 's jaw bunched into a knot ; he had already supplied a full report . 
 ` several people were present at the first séance . 
 they can verify the manifestation of the wraith , known as muriall and the voice of the demon . 
 the foul creature wrecked the hotel suite , forcing the witnesses to call on father o'reilly . 
 the demon attacked again , speaking latin , quoting from the old testament and the new , blaspheming , singing , and threatening . 
 is that not enough ? ' 
 easing himself to his feet , the archbishop reached for his cane . 
 ` we have to approach this with care . 
 i do admit many of the great houses in scotland are infested with diabolical creatures , rhonan manor being one of them , but demons ? 
 why , oh why , did n't o'reilly inform me of this ? ' 
 ` he did your grace . 
 he told me your secretary , father mahon took the message . ' 
 the archbishop frowned , damn mahon , the man was so forgetful . ' 
 i know about the ghost , father o'reilly talked of her in the past . 
 she lived in dreadful times , 1810 . 
 so many souls died in torment . 
 she means no harm , yet neither is he capable of exorcising her . 
 he thinks she has a purpose - something that needs to be resolved . 
 but now , the demon is another matter . ' 
 tobias rising to his feet went to stand by the old man 's side , ` your grace . 
 i have to save the soul of this young woman . 
 her friends are also in danger . 
 the church must fight for them . ' 
 archbishop quinn grimaced , his mouth a thin line , as pain seemed intent on slashing razor sharp through the diseased bones of his hands and feet . 
 ` well said tobias , no wonder they call you jesuits `` god 's marines '' . ' 
 ` so will you give permission for me to arrange this ? ' 
 the archbishop knowing alcohol would ease the agony of osteo-arthritis , poured out another measure of port . 
 ` with some reservation i will agree - yet you need to prepare carefully for this tobias - a demon is treacherous . ' 
 from the author : i do hope you enjoyed return to rhonan . 
 if you have , i would be so grateful if you would leave a small review . 
 it does help us authors if you would like to comment , or have a query please contact me at : kathleen@oakwood-arts.co.uk please have a look at the following for updates and news on further works . 
 you can find further information on my books from : http://katywaltersnewsandviews.com/ http://katysreviewsandnews.blogspot.co.uk/ 
