 black snow jon tattrie copyright 2013 jon tattrie smashwords edition all rights reserved chapter one i wake screaming , lunging forward , arms and legs kicking out . 
 i 'm on my feet running , stumbling along the mud wall , hollering , but i ca n't escape . 
 i collide with the trench and kick and hit at it in a panic . 
 i punch and scream and punch and scream and something gives . 
 i pull back for another blow when a soft voice reaches me . 
 `` tommy , '' she whispers , a cool wind in an inferno . 
 `` breathe , breathe ... '' i pound on the trench , but the voice has caught me . 
 `` breathe , breathe ... come back , tommy ... '' fear subsides , the mud walls fades into the bedroom in our rundown little house on rector street . 
 evie is rubbing my back , whispering . 
 my heart slows , my breathing settles . 
 my right hand is a fist aimed at the wall . 
 more holes . 
 more repairs . 
 i 've been home from the frontlines for three months , but my head keeps lurching back to the battlefields . 
 this is halifax , not europe . 
 i 've left the war behind . 
 breathe . 
 `` tommy , you 're home , '' evie whispers , eyes on mine . 
 i blink . 
 again . 
 when i come back enough to see her , she smiles . 
 i smile . 
 sniff . 
 laugh at myself . 
 `` jesus , '' i mutter , shaking my hand . 
 cut , but not badly . 
 she picks it up and kisses it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , evie . '' 
 my voice shakes . 
 `` not your fault , '' she says , smile widening . 
 she puts her arms around my neck and pulls me to her body . 
 she had nice curves when i left , but she 's skinny now . 
 i can feel her heart through her threadbare nightdress , beating as fast as mine . 
 it 's freezing cold in here , colder than outside . 
 `` when i get that promotion at work , i 'll buy you a cashmere nightgown , '' i promise , rubbing my nose on hers . 
 she grins , kisses me on the lips . 
 `` does that mean i wo n't need to snuggle as close to you ? '' 
 she pouts . 
 i pause , making a show of thinking . 
 `` when i get that promotion at work , i 'll buy a shed load of coal , so we can sleep in the nude . '' 
 she gapes at me . 
 `` mr. joyce , not in front of the children , '' she says , rubbing her little bump . 
 she 's two months pregnant . 
 `` mrs. joyce , a work of art should not be concealed by canvas , '' i counter . 
 she laughs . 
 punches me in the shoulder and disappears into the bathroom . 
 our house counts as fancy in richmond , because we do n't have to share the communal toilet at the foot of the street . 
 i pull back the corner of the tattered curtain , peering out into the bright winter morning . 
 the dingy streets of halifax 's north end are busy with workers making their way to the factories . 
 i 've been staring at this street all my life , apart from the years fighting in europe . 
 my brother and i shared the room down the hall that evie uses for her drawing , when we can afford paper and pencils . 
 this room was my parents ' . 
 so was the bed and just about everything else in the house . 
 evie and i have n't been able to afford to update it , so it 's classic early 1900s poor-people 's style . 
 i let the faded yellow curtain fall back over the dirty window . 
 evie tries to keep it clean , but the factories churn out grimy air twenty-four hours a day to feed the war machine . 
 i go to the kitchen and start up the stove , pushing a thin wave of warmth into the house . 
 i can still see my breath . 
 i go to the bedroom sink , splashing cold water on my face . 
 my smile crumbles . 
 my hands shake . 
 as i towel myself dry , evie comes back in the bedroom and , with a mischievous wink , drops her nightdress . 
 i widen my eyes and make lustful advances . 
 `` tut tut ! 
 time for work , not play , '' she says coyly , spinning toward the wardrobe . 
 her back is still bruised . 
 i wonder if the neighbours heard this time . 
 `` evie , i 'm so sorry , '' i start . 
 she cuts me off : `` you 've been through a lot -- we 've been through a lot -- and we 'll get through this . 
 it just takes time . '' 
 i nod , close my eyes . 
 sigh . 
 she dresses in her warmest clothes -- the same grey wool dress she wears every day except for sunday , and the same heavy grey sweater . 
 we sit at the ancient table for tea and an egg . 
 there are pots and pans everywhere . 
 evie had to start selling things while i was gone and she started with my mother 's good hutch . 
 now there 's nowhere to put all the dishes that were in it , so they sit as tidily as evie can make it -- on the floor , by the old , stained sink , under the table . 
 the hutch went to a rich man in the south end . 
 he said it was a collector 's piece . 
 i 've walked past his grand house at night and glanced in the window . 
 he 's got some really fancy china in it . 
 after breakfast , evie hands me my lunch as i head out the door . 
 `` ham sandwich ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she smiles and shakes her head . 
 `` no such luck , mr. fancy . 
 we ran out of ham tuesday . 
 no more till monday . '' 
 it 's thursday . 
 black snow storms into my head . 
 i hear my voice swearing at evie , see my hands pushing her away , throwing the paperbag lunch across the kitchen . 
 i swipe at the stack of pots , sending them crashing to the wood floor with a terrible clatter . 
 i 'm looking for something else to break , but there 's not much left . 
 evie holds my eyes with all her strength , speaking calmly . 
 i focus on that lighthouse and swim out of the dark waters . 
 i bury my head in my hands . 
 she hugs me again , rubs my nose with hers . 
 `` we 'll get through this , '' she says with a smile , not quite hiding the sadness . 
 `` you will get better . '' 
 i pick my lunch up off the floor , pull on my coat and hat . 
 we kiss at the doorway and part in silence . 
 i head to the sugar refinery , walking past the runty homes on rector street , down steeply to the waterfront . 
 the bright sun glitters on the water . 
 it 's busy already , as the city prepares to send another convoy across the atlantic . 
 ships chug in and out of the harbour . 
 horses and wagons clatter along the roads . 
 it 's a beautiful day . 
 chapter two a naked sailor staggers through the smoking ruins , his charred skin feathered with peels of white blisters , a roof shingle nailed to his hand . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 he slurs through a broken face , eyes staring wildly at nothing . 
 i shake my head , gaping at the suddenly birthed hell all around me . 
 buildings burn and hot black snow falls from the smoldering sky . 
 i 'm crumpled on my side , arm crushed under me , screaming in agony . 
 i silence myself , but the screaming goes on . 
 a wailing , like a knife slicing through glass , pierces my ear as a flaming chunk of metal tumbles from the sky and cracks the sailor on the side of his head , knocking his white hat sideways . 
 he stumbles , falls to the ground . 
 a young woman stripped to her corset pulls herself off the sidewalk and starts to run , but a gash in her leg sends her back down . 
 she crumples to the ground and rolls , clutching her wound . 
 the house next to me collapses on itself . 
 someone shouts from the basement , trapped under the rubble . 
 as i lurch to my feet to help , the coals from the tipped-over fireplace set the wreckage alight . 
 the screaming intensifies with the roaring of the inferno . 
 i run to the home , joined by the black ghosts of those still breathing , but the fire is devouring the building like kindling . 
 the front of the house is buckled in , punched back by the force of the blast . 
 a decapitated corpse hangs out the second-storey window and i do n't know where to start . 
 the screaming is coming from under the rubble , so i pull back the heavy timber . 
 it 's red-hot , but my hands are cold with the winter chill . 
 i hear a woman screaming , `` my baby ! 
 my baby ! '' 
 the screaming loses language , becomes something primal . 
 there are five of us in there now , but it 's like shovelling the ocean -- debris piles up where we 've cleared space . 
 the howling is deep , raw . 
 it stops . 
 other voices take up the cry . 
 one of the would-be rescuers stands still , clutching his throat , like he 's just realized his neck 's bleeding . 
 he collapses into the burning wreckage . 
 i drag him into the street but he 's already dead . 
 i roll him over to check his pulse , but his neck 's chopped open , the front of his blackened shirt darkly stained . 
 in the bowels of the next house over , two men frantically dig through the fiery rubble . 
 one shouts excitedly and i go to help . 
 a big man crouches like samson in the basement , his arms spread out to hold apart two beams that cross his shoulders . 
 soot-streaked sweat pours down his face like niagara falls . 
 between his trembling legs lies an unconscious woman . 
 if the beams fall , she 's gone . 
 we pull debris off her and the younger fellow hauls her out by her armpits . 
 she 's still breathing and there 's no obvious wound on her . 
 we pull her to safety and return to the big man . 
 he 's stuck there under the weight of the fallen house , but the ground 's on fire . 
 we shove at the beams but ca n't budge them . 
 his pant legs catch light . 
 the young fellow gives the beams a big push and they fall down to the side . 
 the big man gives a yelp and goes down . 
 `` god ! '' 
 shouts the older man . 
 `` there was a spike in one of those beams ! 
 it 's got his lung . '' 
 the young fellow takes control -- he 's got that soldier 's calm about him . 
 he rips the dress off the unconscious woman and uses it to wrap the wound of the big man . 
 he sits back once that 's done . 
 `` if we move him , we 'll probably kill him , '' the young fellow muses . 
 `` if we leave him here , he 'll burn . 
 oh christ -- is there anything on wheels around here ? '' 
 a search of what was the backyard turns up a wheelbarrow . 
 the two men set the wounded pair in as gently as they can . 
 with a quick nod of thanks to me , they struggle down the hill , trying not to lose the heavy load . 
 they soon vanish in the smoke . 
 i look around , trying to see where i am , but the sooty fog obscures the city . 
 there are bodies everywhere , smashed together in the wreckage , hanging off lampposts and draped over the telegraph wires . 
 a young couple clutching a baby stand screaming on the second floor of a burning house . 
 flames have incinerated most of the first floor and are minutes away from the family . 
 i pull myself in that direction but a young man gets there first . 
 `` throw him down ! '' 
 he hollers through cupped hands . 
 the woman shakes her head and the man with her tries to grab the baby . 
 hysterical , she fights him off . 
 the flames are poking through the floor now . 
 the husband puts an arm around her , talks . 
 she nods . 
 locking eyes with the young man on the street , she says a prayer and tosses her baby down . 
 the man catches it cleanly , then holds it out like he 's never touched a baby before . 
 the man comes next , leaping out over the flames and crumpling on the street . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he shouts up to his wife , but she 's terrified , holding her belly . 
 the back of the house collapses under the heat and the front leans backward . 
 she screams , leaps to the street . 
 she hits and rolls . 
 her husband is there and she jumps to her feet to grab her baby . 
 everyone 's crying . 
 the woman says she pregnant . 
 i try to stop myself hyperventilating and scan the devastation . 
 chapter three i had seen the crash -- a stupid thing , one ship sailing down the wrong side of the narrows and cruising right into a second ship , like two drunks failing to get out of each other 's way . 
 the mont blanc , an ugly old rust box , was making her way to bedford basin after arriving late and spending the night on the outside of the submarine nets . 
 the imo , heading to the ocean , was going too fast : the huge sign painted red on its side screamed belgian relief , driving me back to those bleak trenches where i lost half my mind , but not all my body , so they kept sending me into the hungry guns of europe 's great war . 
 my brain buckled at the sight of it , but the dockmen were laughing at the idiocy of others , so i pulled myself back . 
 i 'd had enough of the darkness -- any light would do . 
 the ships whistled angrily at each other , neither changed course , then both changed course , heading straight for each other . 
 the nose of the imo crashed into the right side of the mont blanc 's bow , tearing a huge gash in her . 
 after the mighty crunch , the ships parted , one listing toward dartmouth , the other toward halifax . 
 a fire broke out on the deck of that one , the mont blanc , shooting up in sparks , rolling around the dozens of barrels . 
 a burly man next to me spotted the crew of the mont blanc rowing like madmen toward dartmouth . 
 you could make out the chef , still in his whites . 
 the stevedore cupped his hands over his mouth and shouted , `` run , frenchies , run ! '' 
 they did n't worry about that , but as soon as they put their boats in at the old mi ' kmaq village , they ran up the hill past the white wigwams and into the woods like the devil was after them . 
 `` come back ! '' 
 the burly man hollered across the narrows to them , laughing . 
 `` we 're fighting on the same side this time ! '' 
 `` they must 've seen the big martello tower as they came in , figured we 'd lynch them for revenge on napoleon , '' he joked to the other stevedores . 
 in peace , the sleepy city bristled with guns aimed at the empty ocean , dreaming of invasion . 
 in war , the wakened city found its purpose . 
 the burning ship full of barrels wandered toward pier 6 . 
 beside me , hundreds of men stopped work to watch the flaming ship under a crisp blue sky and behind me , every woman and child in north-end halifax pressed their noses to the windows for a better view of the tower of smoke . 
 children on their way to school stopped to stare . 
 the rooftops were crawling with spectators as the big ship loomed in on the shore like a viking funeral boat . 
 the 8:30 a.m. ferry made its way across the harbour , the hundred commuters on the top deck pointing and staring . 
 i looked up at richmond for a while , feeling like an actor on stage . 
 i caught eyes with a little boy standing in his living room a few streets up . 
 his head barely made it over the windowsill , even on tiptoes . 
 his nose was pressed to the glass and he was smiling . 
 i waved at him and he waved back , shyly . 
 his mother put a hand on his head . 
 a little girl joined them . 
 families came out on their front porches to watch . 
 a mother tried to get her toddler son interested in the show , lifting him up so he could see over the rail , but the boy was focused on his toy soldier . 
 office workers packed the bridge over the richmond rail yards and a cluster of school kids stood staring from the edge . 
 three blonde girls who had to be sisters abandoned their trip to school to run down across the bridge for a better view . 
 the eldest , maybe fifteen , hoisted the littlest up onto her shoulders , putting a steadying hand on her legs . 
 they wore matching blue coats . 
 i glanced at my watch . 
 8:42 a.m. . 
 they 'd be on their way to school for 9 a.m. prayers . 
 made me think i should be at the refinery soon , to punch the clock . 
 there had been layoffs already and the place was up for sale . 
 the dartmouth refinery was taking a lot of the work . 
 i was still the new man and did n't want to chance being late , even for a spectacle like what the mont blanc was putting on . 
 i 'd seen plenty of explosions in the war . 
 a bang turned me back to the show , ragging on my trench nerves . 
 one of the barrels burst off the deck of the mont blanc , shooting way up into the air , then exploding like a firework . 
 the men on the docks all clapped and laughed , as did the sailors lining the ships at anchor . 
 they leaned on the railings , whistled to their friends . 
 this imperial outpost far from the battlefields rarely got a performance this good . 
 the hot remains of the barrel fell into the harbour with a crash and a sizzle . 
 bells , horns and brakes squealing announced the slick red truck pulling up next to me , the dockmen diving out of the way and cursing the moustached driver . 
 `` make way , make way ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 this was the patricia , halifax 's shimmering firefighting machine . 
 freshly polished , she looked like the future . 
 i recognized some of the crew . 
 i had n't seen them since i 'd been back , so nodded . 
 they nodded back , uneasy . 
 those who had stayed home usually did n't know what to say to those of us who 'd gone overseas . 
 we did n't know what to say to them , either . 
 the old , horse-drawn fire wagons rattled up beside us . 
 the heat was intense as the big ship nosed in . 
 hoses were unfurled when the mont blanc kissed the end of the long pier . 
 the fire chief and his driver deputy rolled up in his car , jumping out and taking control . 
 i could n't see what use they 'd be on a big blaze like that , but i 'd seen their type before -- officers who acted like the heavens asked their permission before turning the lights out for the day . 
 he shouted at us to stand back , but nobody moved . 
 firefighters raced down the pier to greet the inferno . 
 another barrel blasted up into the blue , exploding to cheers . 
 boats gathered around the mont blanc . 
 the crews lined the decks as the niobe sent a small steam tender out to the abandoned ship , planning on pulling the crippled vessel out to sea to deal with it there . 
 a tug called the stella maris had the same idea , and the same lack of success . 
 there was nobody left onboard the mont blanc , so it was like trying to hook a rope to the sky . 
 the stella maris turned its hoses on the ship and the pier , too , pumping harbour water onto them . 
 it made no difference . 
 the mont blanc was a giant falling down and nothing would stop it hitting earth . 
 its prow crashed into the dock , shaking the whole wharf . 
 a newspaper man scurried up beside me , notebook out . 
 young fellow , excited to be first on the scene of a big story . 
 `` jack krauss , daily echo , '' he said , shaking hands . 
 he asked me if i 'd seen what happened and i opened my mouth to speak when the world blew up and i was flying , spinning in a vacuum of silence , watching a heavy anchor travel over me , thinking this was death . 
 an invisible wall of steel crushed the city beneath me . 
 i crashed to the ground . 
 everything went black . 
 chapter four my coat is gone . 
 so is my hat and my left shoe . 
 water trickles into my mouth . 
 i send my good arm to my face and pull it away , damp . 
 blood . 
 somewhere on my head i 'm bleeding , but i ca n't tell where . 
 maybe everywhere . 
 a woman in a dirty white dress crawls out of a heap of burning timber across the road . 
 her hair is brown , same as evie 's . 
 she gets to her feet , pressing her right hand to her face , holding a limp baby with her left and walks off . 
 a spooked horse gallops past dragging a broken buggy , a huge shard of glass piercing the animal 's side . 
 a wind clears some of the black from the sky and i can see a monstrous cloud towering over the narrows . 
 i 'm on fort needham hill , a quarter mile from the pier . 
 dazed , i wonder where richmond is , imagining it 's been picked up like dorothy 's house , carried on a wind and deposited safely in some emerald city . 
 i fall as i walk , landing on something soft . 
 it 's a woman twisted against a wall and i start to apologize , but she 's dead . 
 a man in a torn black coat runs up the hill , screaming , `` the germans are attacking ! 
 the germans are attacking ! '' 
 i want to correct him , but ca n't speak . 
 my head 's not working and i ca n't think straight . 
 broken people run past me as fast as they can , fleeing the fires of the north end . 
 a young man in a long soldier 's coat jogs past , sees i 'm alive . 
 `` we need all the help we can get ! '' 
 he tells me , calm in the hysteria . 
 i stare at him , unable to work out a plan , fresh shell-shock wrecking my mind . 
 but he grabs me and hauls me to my feet , so i follow him toward the docks . 
 hundreds run the other way . 
 `` the magazine 's going to blow ! '' 
 one of them hollers . 
 half of the allies ' fire power is packed in our little city . 
 it 's enough to kill all the germans , and certainly enough to finish off halifax . 
 i look to the young soldier for confirmation . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` let them run . 
 it wo n't blow . 
 there 're people that need our help . '' 
 we run down the hill against the crowd . 
 he 's breathing easy , but i 'm panting . 
 it 's hard to find a path through the overturned town . 
 something 's poking my lungs and my head is floating off my neck . 
 the young man turns to me , worried now . 
 i start to fall over and he catches me . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 he asks , a trained eye on mine . 
 `` my name 's ben , '' he says , offering me his blackened hand . 
 `` thomas , '' i say , shaking his hand . 
 it 's bloody . 
 his red hair is smeared with blood . 
 `` you 're bleeding , '' i tell him . 
 `` the whole city is bleeding . '' 
 `` i need to find my wife . '' 
 ben 's face grows grim . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` rector street . '' 
 he closes his eyes for a second . 
 when he opens them , the sadness has disappeared . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 all the injured are being moved to the hospitals -- i 'll take you there after . '' 
 i nod , follow him down to the water . 
 pier 6 is gone , the burning ship is gone , and so are all the people . 
 it 's like the killing fields of flanders all over again . 
 where it 's not on fire , the ground is damp . 
 `` tidal wave , '' ben explains . 
 `` the mont blanc blew a good chunk of the harbour into the city . 
 swept people back out , too . 
 they say it was a twelve-foot tidal wave , sent boats flying up on the street , then dragged anything it could get hold of back to the sea . '' 
 we pass the patricia , or her snarled dark twin . 
 she 's flipped upside down some distance from where she parked , wheels slowly spinning . 
 no sign of the firemen . 
 the stella maris is sitting awkwardly inland , bashed and beached near where the pier was . 
 other ships list in the turbulent harbour . 
 the bodies of sailors bob along the grey waves , then slip beneath the surface . 
 a great hole slices across the middle of four cargo ships , like the grim reaper had driven his scythe straight through them . 
 a buckled house has ejected its occupants into the street -- four mourners , now dead , heaped around a busted coffin . 
 the old man inside the box looks distinguished , wearing a nice suit . 
 the blast shook him loose , and it looks like he 's trying to get out of the casket . 
 ben leads me up the hill , through a gap in a fancy gate . 
 stone posts and a wrought-iron fence , half gone . 
 a group of soldiers dig through the smashed wood and plaster of a destroyed building behind it . 
 i 've lived in the north end my whole life and i ca n't even guess where i am . 
 ben walks up to an officer and offers a smart salute . 
 the two exchange words and ben points toward me . 
 the officer nods and dismisses ben . 
 `` start digging , '' ben says as he jogs to me . 
 `` we need every hand we can get . 
 this is the orphanage . '' 
 i do what i 'm ordered to do . 
 it 's the protestant orphanage on campbell road . 
 i walk past it most days , see the raggedy children in its yard , but have never talked to them . 
 i start picking up beams and chunks of plaster and throwing them behind me . 
 it 's hard going and my mind keeps blanking out . 
 there 's plaster and glass everywhere . 
 i find myself trying to pull a warped nail out of a board for ages before i realize what i 'm doing and toss it behind me . 
 there 's a peace in picking up the pieces of the house and stacking them , so i keep at it . 
 there 're thirty of us now , tunnelling through the silent ruins . 
 the streets are full of screaming , mangled people staggering around . 
 an old man stumbles along in just his pants , his skinny chest blackened , bare feet scraping along the ground . 
 he 's pawing at his eyes like they 're boiling in his head . 
 a woman grabs his elbow , leads him to where he can at least sit down . 
 i see a naked man whose face is seared off , his skinless cheeks surrounding his lifeless eyes , stuck in that thousand-mile stare . 
 he 's letting loose an awful death roar . 
 he walks right into a twisted tree and falls . 
 he does n't get up , and no one helps him . 
 i 'm glad he 's stopped screaming . 
 something hits me in the back . 
 ben . 
 `` hey , dig ! '' 
 he barks , staring into me . 
 i stare back , but it 's like i ca n't see him . 
 he 's too thin . 
 the air 's too thick . 
 `` thomas ! '' 
 he says , slapping me . 
 i blink hard , come back to the present . 
 `` there 's maybe a hundred kids in this building -- we 've got to get to them fast , before they burn to death , or suffocate . 
 you 've got to help , '' he commands , calm , practiced . 
 it works and i go back to digging . 
 more soldiers arrive -- they 've got a horse . 
 big beams are roped up , then tied to the horse , who 's whipped until he hauls the beam upright , so it towers above the smoking orphanage like the cross over golgotha , then collapses out into the street . 
 they hitch up another beam . 
 it feels like we dig for hours , but it 's not been thirty minutes . 
 my hands are bloody but it 's so cold i do n't feel anything . 
 the smoke 's mostly cleared from the sky , leaving it innocent blue again . 
 i hear a desolate cry and keep on digging . 
 i hear voices now , lower . 
 `` in the basement . '' 
 `` must be at least thirty of ’em . '' 
 `` teachers , too . '' 
 `` thought they 'd be safe down there . '' 
 `` nowhere 's safe . '' 
 bodies get hauled out of the deep earth beside me , broken babies disinterred from a hungry grave . 
 uniforms , tattered even before the blast knifed through them . 
 shoes , socks missing . 
 little girl in a pretty skirt , her head smashed in by a stone . 
 scarred boys with no arms . 
 a woman pulled up , revealing a pile of dead kids under her . 
 they all get stacked . 
 the officer shouts for a hearse , but nothing happens . 
 he bites his lower lip , covers his eyes , pinches his nose , and the soldiers look away . 
 he shakes himself right . 
 `` right , men . 
 fall in ! '' 
 soldiers line up in front of him . 
 he shouts at them and they march off to another part of hell . 
 i 'm still digging . 
 i hear screaming children and i do n't know why the soldiers are leaving . 
 i shout at them to stop , to come back and help , but they disappear into the maelstrom . 
 i see faces in the ruins , my long-dead sister , my unborn child , my evie . 
 she 's dead a hundred times , but i know she 's alive . 
 she 's holding her breath and i 've got seconds to save her . 
 i cut my hand on something sharp . 
 the warm blood feels good . 
 i find another little boy in that hades and pull him out , pushing on his chest , shaking him , screaming at him . 
 `` thomas ! '' 
 a voice shouts , but it 's nothing to do with me . 
 i 'm working a miracle here . 
 ben shoves me hard into the dirt and wood , takes the body from me . 
 i 'm lying in a hole on my back , staring up . 
 ben holds the blue-skinned boy gently , his head dangling down one side , legs over the other . 
 they go over the top of the pit i 've dug . 
 ben comes back and squats next to me . 
 `` you 've been here before , '' he says , quietly . 
 `` you 're a soldier . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i 've seen those eyes before . 
 there 's nothing left here , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' he says . 
 `` you 've got to go too . '' 
 i 'm in a fog , my brain is n't working . 
 `` i need to find my wife , '' i say , tasting the kiss she left me with that morning . 
 `` you said you 'd take me to her . '' 
 ben looks at me hard . 
 `` rector street is gone . 
 the whole north end is gone . 
 the whole damn city is gone . 
 what did n't get blown up by the explosion burned to the ground . 
 i 'm sorry , thomas , but your wife is dead . '' 
 but he does n't know that . 
 he ca n't know that . 
 i push away from him , crawl out of the hole , heading home . 
 the preacher tells his girl he 's sorry and drives the saw through the ruins as she moans . 
 he cuts her free in a few minutes , burning chunks of the house falling on his back . 
 he pulls her out and she 's screaming and crying and half-naked , clutching her daddy tight . 
 he carries her out into the street , then goes back in . 
 chapter five the screaming preacher bursts out of the burning house like satan smashing out of the gates of hell . 
 jack krauss runs over to help . 
 the preacher is shouting and pulling at the mountain of plaster , glass and wood that used to be his house . 
 the imploded veranda leans over the ruins . 
 krauss jumps in and they 're digging in the fire for five minutes , shirts smoking , feet and hands burning , when they find the top of the big black piano the preacher was playing minutes before as his family gathered round to sing morning prayers . 
 the preacher claws around it and the house coughs up its food : the preacher 's wife , dead ; son , dead ; but the daughter gasps for air and squirms in the structure 's murderous grip . 
 `` it 's okay , darling , daddy 's here ! '' 
 he says , pulling at the debris . 
 krauss helps , but they 're getting nowhere . 
 the father runs off , returns with a saw and starts cutting up the beams . 
 the little girl screams and her father stops . 
 `` we 've got to get her out of here ! '' 
 shouts krauss . 
 `` this house is going to collapse and kill us . '' 
 all around them , homes are doing just that , burning jaws snapping down on hysterical families . 
 one shocked boy picks himself up off the road and looks back at the house the blast flung him from . 
 he 's thinking about going in for his mother but the blaze eats the core of the small house and it falls screeching to the ground . 
 fire blows into the boy 's face and he runs . 
 the preacher pulls out his dead ; he 's got his wife by the arm but she 's got the piano over her lap and nothing will budge . 
 the arm stretches to ghastly lengths . 
 `` leave her ! '' 
 krauss shouts , but the preacher says , `` she needs a burial ! 
 she needs a burial ! '' 
 `` we 're all going to be buried if you do n't get out of here right now ! '' 
 krauss commands and the girl screams , pulls on her father . 
 a smoking beam falls from the ceiling , scraping down the side of krauss . 
 the journalist grabs the girl and runs out of the house . 
 the preacher follows . 
 outside , a man sprints past , warning all , `` the germans are attacking ! '' 
 and a mangled horde follows him up from the harbour . 
 an old lady in an apron races past , clutching a scorched broom and howling that the huns are shelling halifax and that no woman will escape unraped . 
 krauss , the preacher and the girl join the stampede . 
 the preacher is weak , panting and the girl drags him along . 
 someone steps on the girl in the panic and she goes down , feet stomping on her grey dress . 
 the preacher tries to stop for her but the energy of the terrified crowd drives him out . 
 krauss turns , cuts through the crashing waves of humanity , snatches up the girl and runs on . 
 behind them a sulphurous black cloud swirls out of the harbour , painting the air pitch black . 
 red-hot steel falls from the sky , impaling a teenage boy . 
 he falls and the mob runs right over him . 
 krauss turns forward and runs , praying his lungs will hold out , eyes scanning the skies for fighter planes , mind already turning events into words . 
 the air is thick and oily , black blood running through the damaged veins of the city . 
 the stampede heads toward the south end . 
 a delivery man sits in a broken plate-glass window , sliced up and bleeding , the wreck of his wagon dumped on his feet , the horses slumped and twisted over the wall . 
 in a weak voice , he asks no one at all , `` what kind of blast can kill a horse , but spare a man ? '' 
 he tries to get to his feet as the flames chew up the shop , but everywhere he puts his hand down is jagged glass . 
 the fire from the tipped-over stove licks his shirt and he presses down on the shards of glass , gashing open his hand , but he slips past death . 
 he staggers down the street . 
 krauss and the two make it up the slopes of citadel hill , the preacher breathing heavily and looking on the edge of collapse . 
 the deep moat around the fort is swarming with people . 
 the banks are strewn with debris and shocked refugees . 
 `` this place is full of ammunition , '' warns the preacher nervously , eyes scared but focused . 
 he holds his daughter tight , looking back over the shattered city . 
 the north end is a smoking ruin and the docks in the main harbour below are damaged , but most of the low shacks and brick buildings are standing . 
 the survivors run through the streets heading for the safety of point pleasant park . 
 those spared run toward the devastated zone to help . 
 the exhausted exodus slows to a fast walk . 
 soldiers shout orders to those surging up the hill to head to open spaces . 
 a line breaks off , one swarming around the bottom of the hill to the public gardens and the other branching along to the commons at the foot of the citadel . 
 the trio clamber down the moat 's tall wall into helping arms and stagger to the side . 
 all around them are groaning , dying people , held in the arms of the heartbroken living . 
 a rumour runs that it was n't the germans at all , but a ship blowing up . 
 `` bloody likely , '' snorts the preacher . 
 `` those huns would stop at nothing . 
 destroying a whole city is their idea of fun . 
 killing women is what they do for sport . '' 
 his girl is crying now , snuggling to her father , calling for her mother . 
 `` shh ... '' he soothes , rubbing her back in tight circles . 
 `` you 're hurt , '' he says , looking up at krauss . 
 the journalist sends his hand to where the preacher is looking and finds a sliver of iron stuck in his skull . 
 his stomach churns . 
 `` i 'll get help in a minute , '' he says , reaching for his shirt pocket . 
 it 's there -- the notebook his father bought him three months ago when he landed the job on the halifax daily echo , making him the first krauss to leave amherst in two centuries . 
 `` tell me what you saw , '' he says , pen ready . 
 the preacher tells his story . 
 after , krauss walks along the moat , steadying himself on the inside wall , scanning the faces , looking for stories . 
 his head is aching , the iron cold against his bones . 
 his eyes grow bleary . 
 he falls twice . 
 he staggers to a makeshift triage station and slumps against the wall , waiting his turn , losing consciousness . 
 the dark skies flow into his mind and he collapses . 
 chapter six rector street is razed . 
 plumes of dark smoke hang over the remains . 
 i ca n't tell where it starts or ends , what is street and what is n't , or where my house is . 
 was . 
 the whole north end is flattened . 
 bodies lie twisted in the remains . 
 soldiers march up and down it , putting corpses on wagons pulled by horses . 
 i find my next-door neighbour and we start digging . 
 he does n't know where our homes are either , so we just dig and dig and dig . 
 when we hear cries , we run in that direction and dig until we find a terrified survivor , or a corpse . 
 i hear a teenage boy from down the street shouting for help . 
 `` hang on , sam , i 'll get you out , '' i tell him . 
 he 's buried in the basement of his house . 
 i have to step in under the buckling upper floor to reach him . 
 there are a million things covering him and he 's scared out of his mind . 
 he 's begging for his mother . 
 i saw her dead on the way in . 
 i do n't tell him that . 
 i pull the debris off his chest , then uncover his legs . 
 `` it 's all right , sam , you 'll be free in a minute , '' i say , trying to move a support beam . 
 he whimpers as the ceiling cracks . 
 i look back in time to see a safe from the upper floor come crashing through and land on sam 's head . 
 he stops moving . 
 i throw up , head back outside . 
 we work for hours in that cooling hell , throwing bathtubs out of living rooms , tipping over scorched beds , pulling fallen walls apart . 
 my hands are raw and frozen . 
 my neighbour stops digging . 
 we 've excavated half the street , stacking the bodies of friends and relatives on the road . 
 everything 's on fire , levelling buildings before we get to them . 
 we finally find our houses . 
 panic sets in , like water corroding the foundations of my mind . 
 i 'm sure i can hear evie calling to me . 
 i see rocks rising and falling with the beats of her breath and tear into them . 
 i find our stove , smashed . 
 the wood is scorched from the spilled coals , now cooling . 
 i find our sofa , heave it into what was the backyard . 
 the front door is braced on the sewing machine , making a little nest . 
 i pry ceiling beams off it and rip it out , smelling evie 's skin . 
 empty . 
 i find our bed , but ca n't move it . 
 i dig through the backyard . 
 nothing . 
 no bodies . 
 no evie . 
 i stumble out of my house , back into the street . 
 my brain ca n't bring the outside world in -- that my whole city was destroyed by nothing , by a wind pushed by an explosion . 
 i 'm seeing the houses rebuilt now . 
 in my mind , i pull mr. dooley 's blue house out of the ground and dust it off ; mrs. young is resurrected and walks down the street to greet me with a cheery `` still alive , '' as she always does . 
 i had this nightmare a dozen times in the mud trench . 
 i just need to wake up once more . 
 but it 's real . 
 a calm busyness has taken hold of the city . 
 soldiers and sailors march past , telling us where we can find shelter and help . 
 there are five thousand of them in the city and most of them are from far away from here , with no personal attachment . 
 it 's just another job , another disaster to clean up . 
 good practice for the front lines . 
 the crazed people who dig themselves out of the ruins come screaming back to life , minds upended by their ravaged bodies . 
 in the tomb , they think they 're alone , that if they can escape , there 's a world to find safety in . 
 then they see the city . 
 they 've cheated death , only to find death has won everything . 
 three streets down , a pile of rubble topples and a man my age emerges like lazarus . 
 he 's hollering and crying and scrabbling for something to use to lever himself out of the burning house . 
 a sliver of glass still jabs into his left eye . 
 his right eye is split like a tomato . 
 two soldiers break off a passing patrol and run into the fire , grabbing him under the arms and pull . 
 he slips out of their grip , tries to get back in the house , but the soldiers stop him . 
 he goes mad , biting and kicking and slapping , picking up pieces of his house and smashing them on the soldiers . 
 those boys are scared and keep trying to carry the man off the hill of ruins . 
 he fights like it 's his life on the line . 
 eventually , the soldiers drop him where they found him and jog to catch up with the others . 
 the man goes back into the hole like a rabbit . 
 minutes later , he pulls his dead wife up though it . 
 his arm is broken and he 's having a hard time carrying her , though she 's slight , maybe eighteen . 
 he clutches her like it 's a slow dance and they waltz blindly down the street , him tripping and falling , fending off any helpers , whispering in her ear . 
 `` come on , dig , '' i tell my neighbour , pulling a burnt chair out of a destroyed home . 
 i 'm next door now , sure evie went to see mrs. kavanagh to explain the shouts in the night , or just to check in on her . 
 she 's lying under this house . 
 i 'll dig to china if i have to . 
 i holler at my neighbour again . 
 he glares at me . 
 `` they 're dead , '' he whispers , tears coming out of his eyes , and i do n't believe him . 
 i swear and he tells me not to be a fool . 
 he tells me my wife is dead . 
 i know he 's lying . 
 my wife is my air ; i could n't breathe if she were dead . 
 i stare at my neighbour like he 's a traitor . 
 i get it in my head to go to the acadia sugar refinery . 
 it 's the tallest building east of montreal , ten storeys of solid brick right down on the water north of my house . 
 any relief work would be based there . 
 refugees will be arriving already . 
 evie 's gone there looking for me . 
 the soldiers have already started clearing paths over what were the streets , so they can get their wagons and trucks through . 
 i follow one down from rector street , along the water to the refinery . 
 it 's the only thing left standing and i 'm amazed that it has n't even been touched by the blast . 
 all its windows are intact . 
 it 's right on the harbour , with a clear view of the explosion site . 
 if i know my colleagues , they 'd all have been up on the roof , watching . 
 i go to open the door but trip , fall hard . 
 i try to stand but the earth is tipping up , sending me sliding away . 
 i scramble to my feet . 
 i touch the wall but now it 's gone ; i look up and see only smoky clouds drifting across the blue sky . 
 the refinery 's gone . 
 my mind 's just been playing tricks on me . 
 it 's been there all my life , as much a part of halifax as the star-shaped fort on citadel hill , but it 's a mountain now . 
 i 'm in the ruins of something , i ca n't even tell what , and the whole goliath is laid out before me , one huge pile of brick for its body , a smaller one for its head . 
 there are no two bricks left together . 
 i dig for a while , but it 's pointless . 
 the pile of rubble is twenty-five feet high . 
 i find mr. west out front , arguing with a patient officer . 
 `` get your men , and get them in there ! '' 
 he orders with the tone of a man expecting to be obeyed . 
 he 's my supervisor , and a terrible man . 
 even in the privations of war , he 's got a thick coat , tailored suit and polished shoes . 
 his belly has swollen as war devours europe . 
 he 's a tall , powerful man , with a well-groomed moustache riding over a thin , angry mouth . 
 sharp , darting eyes , always peering through his glasses for an angle . 
 `` sir , the whole north end is flattened and there are thousands of people buried . 
 we 're going as fast as we can , but we ca n't do everything at once , '' the officer explains . 
 neither of them take any notice of me . 
 `` look here , boy , i know people , and when this is over , you do n't want to find yourself on the wrong side of me . 
 my wife and children are in that building , and you need to get a hundred of your strongest men to dig them out , '' he commands . 
 his voice softens conspiratorially as he goes on , `` and let me tell you , your efforts will be well rewarded . '' 
 the officer stares at him a while , takes a deep breath . 
 `` fine , sir , i 'll just go gather those men right away , pull them off whatever else they 're doing , and we 'll come here and get your family . 
 all right ? '' 
 he says , mockingly . 
 mr. west does n't pick up the sarcasm and is mollified . 
 `` bloody germans , '' he mutters . 
 `` sorry , sir ? '' 
 `` the germans -- you know , the hun . 
 they 're behind this , '' my boss tells the officer . 
 `` a munitions ship , sir , '' the officer corrects him . 
 `` french . 
 in from new york , spent last night outside the submarine nets and then sailed in first thing this morning . 
 it was packed full of barrels of benzyl and looking to join a convoy across to europe . '' 
 `` munitions ? 
 i saw the ship -- it did n't have a munitions flag up , '' mr. west says . 
 `` no , sir . 
 it travelled from new york by itself and i guess the captain did n't think it wise to advertise its cargo to the german u-boats . '' 
 mr. west cocks an incredulous eye . 
 `` and you still believe what you were told , soldier ? '' 
 the officer bristles at that . 
 `` it collided with the imo , a norwegian ship heading for new york to pick up relief supplies for belgium . '' 
 `` a neutral ship ? '' 
 mr. west says , with exaggerated surprise . 
 `` a neutral ship blows halifax to bits , and you would have me believe it 's just a silly mishap ? 
 that the germans would never stoop so low ? '' 
 `` sir , i 've been to the frontlines . 
 i know how low the hun will stoop . 
 but this was an accident . 
 it was the french ship that exploded . '' 
 the officer is scanning the area , impatient to be away from this buffoon . 
 `` i 'll go fetch those men now , '' he says , saluting , walking back into richmond without giving mr. west time to respond . 
 i can tell he 's not coming back . 
 that leaves us alone . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i say to mr. west . 
 `` mr. west ? '' 
 i grab his sleeve and he finally notices me . 
 `` have you seen evie , sir ? '' 
 he looks at me like i 'm a piece of glass stuck in his thigh . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` my wife , sir . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i swallow my anger . 
 i 've worked for him six days a week since getting back from the front . 
 i come and go at his pleasure . 
 he pays me enough to starve my family on as he stuffs his mouth with black-market caviar . 
 while i was off watching death chew up my comrades and enemies , he was growing fat off sugar . 
 `` thomas joyce , sir . 
 i work for you , '' i say , eyes down out of habit . 
 he inspects me a long time . 
 `` joyce , my wife and my children are in that building , '' he says , pointing at the rubble . 
 `` we are going to find them . '' 
 `` but my wife , sir . '' 
 `` never mind that , '' he says , turning away . 
 i grab him by his shoulder , spin him around and punch him in the face , just like i 've been trained to do . 
 he 's surprised for a second , then down , another broken thing in a smashed world . 
 i stand over him , hands seized into fists . 
 he 's blinking , trying to pull his mind together . 
 the rest of the city is a rumbling buzz far away . 
 there are plenty of bricks around . 
 i pick one up , toss it between my hands . 
 look around . 
 no one . 
 there are a hundred bodies in the refinery already . 
 i 've killed thirty-eight germans in the last two years for no reason other than they were trying to kill me . 
 why not kill someone because i want to ? 
 he squirms beneath me , stunned . 
 his glasses are broken . 
 so 's his nose . 
 a trickle of blood makes its way over his chin . 
 but he 's not scared . 
 he still thinks he 's got protection in this world . 
 his scheming eyes roam all around me , wondering where his rescue will come from . 
 i want him to taste fear . 
 i want him terrified . 
 i want him to know he 's going to die . 
 once death slips through your defences , you change . 
 for the first sixteen months i was overseas , i lived easily in a dream of immortality . 
 thousands died all around me , and i killed people myself , but knew i 'd not die , not till i was old , peaceful and lying in bed . 
 not till i was ready . 
 then , that shell hit and i knew i was going to die . 
 death has n't left my mind since . 
 i want to put it in his . 
 `` your family is dead , mr. west , '' i tell him , tossing the brick back and forth . 
 `` they are alive . 
 my wife was speaking to the girls who work here , instructing them in the important things , lest they forget what to do once this war is over , '' he says , scrambling onto his elbows . 
 `` she had the children with her . '' 
 i kick him hard in the chest with my one booted foot , sprawling him back down . 
 `` they 're dead , and you 're going to join them , '' i tell him , raising the brick over my head . 
 `` now , do n't be silly , young ... what did you say your name was ? '' 
 he asks , his voice starting to shake . 
 i ignore this . 
 `` never mind . 
 you 're going to help me out of this situation , and then i 'll help you . 
 i can make you a manager , you know , '' he says , lying in the rubble of the refinery . 
 i take a breath to steel my mind , then kick him in the chin . 
 his glasses fly off and he shouts , but he keeps calm . 
 i 'm impressed . 
 black snow is falling in my mind , obscuring everything . 
 pinning him down with my foot , i raise the brick again . 
 it 's coming down hard to smash his face when i hear a voice . 
 `` breathe ... breathe ... . '' 
 evie . 
 i swallow hard . 
 blink back the tears . 
 clench my hands around the brick and throw it hard into the rubble . 
 i 'm looking for evie , following her voice , but it 's in between the black snowflakes . 
 i shake my head and come back . 
 it 's sunny . 
 cold . 
 mr. west is squirming under foot , crying . 
 i see him for what he is -- just another broken survivor clinging to the wreckage . 
 `` my wife ! '' 
 he screams , voice breaking . 
 `` my pretty children ! '' 
 i step off him and crawl out of the hole before he remembers my name . 
 i climb on top of the two-storey shell of the shipyard machine shop . 
 up there , i can see the wreck of the north end . 
 citadel hill sits impervious up to the left . 
 across the water i see the blasted hull of the imo , tipped against the dartmouth shore . 
 ships all around the pier are wrecked , but those that were back in bedford basin or farther out survived and have sailed in to help . 
 people are crawling all over the apocalyptic scene , piling timber , stacking bodies , instinctively bringing order to the chaos . 
 i ca n't see evie , but i can feel her hand cleaning the blood off mine , the smell of her hair driving the burning corpses out of my nostrils and i whisper to her . 
 my eye falls on st. joseph 's church like a prayer . 
 its high , pitched roof is gone , and the stone walls gape at the sky like a smashed skull . 
 it looks like one of those european cathedrals that 've been ruins for centuries . 
 evie and i were married in it . 
 i climb off the refinery and head for salvation . 
 chapter seven rumours buzz through the survivors in the moat of citadel hill . 
 it 's a german invasion ; the aerial bombardment from zeppelins is only the start . 
 tanks , artillery and thousands of foot soldiers are steaming into the harbour , with a bullet for every citizen . 
 britain has abandoned halifax . 
 the war in europe is lost . 
 krauss discounts a thousand false fears before climbing out of the moat , heading down the hill . 
 the yellow grass is littered with chunks of buildings and swarming with slowly climbing refugees . 
 looking back , he sees the heart of the city is still beating , even as the north end works through its death throes . 
 `` the citadel was built to repel any invasion , '' an officer smoking a pipe tells him . 
 `` she turned this one away , too . '' 
 `` not for the north end , '' krauss counters . 
 the officer shrugs . 
 krauss walks down the hill against a rising tide of wounded . 
 an old woman rests on her side , catching her breath before struggling for the top again . 
 she brushes her thin grey hair back , looking fearfully over her shoulder . 
 the streets heading into the disaster zone are clogged with wood , plaster , rocks -- and people . 
 a new chevrolet car driven by a stunned young man slowly weaves through the crowd , carrying a load of injured . 
 horse and buggies are weighed down so they can hardly move , the bleeding animals groaning as they strain to pull the wheels over debris . 
 a driver gets down and struggles to wrest a beam off the road . 
 some of the injured get off the wagon to help . 
 people swarm the stopped wagon , holding dying husbands and children , pleading for space . 
 the wagon is full , but the driver scans his cargo -- three bodies among the wounded . 
 he pulls out the dead and swaps them for the living . 
 two men jog past carrying a piece of a picket fence . 
 a delirious man lies on the makeshift stretcher , pawing at the sky . 
 krauss gets as far in as russell street . 
 `` get back ! 
 get back ! '' 
 shouts an old home guard soldier riding on the rear of an army truck . 
 it 's built for battlefields and crawls easily over the wreckage . 
 it passes by krauss but the soldier too old for the front lines jumps down . 
 `` you ca n't go in there , son . '' 
 krauss tells him his name , says he 's a reporter . 
 the older man 's lip twitches up into a sneer . 
 krauss has seen it before -- a reflex hatred of journalists . 
 but the old soldier would still read the paper the next day , especially if he was in it . 
 the reporter 's german name did n't help -- he 'd had plenty of grief about his roots since the war broke out , despite his family having been canadian for centuries . 
 `` listen , hun , turn around , '' the soldier says , pushing krauss back with the side of his rifle . 
 `` dockyard magazine 's on fire -- get the hell out of here . '' 
 `` thanks , but i 'll go have a look , '' krauss says , making to pass the soldier , but the old man strikes him with the rifle , knocking him to the ground . 
 he stands over him for a second , then catches up to the truck . 
 `` your life , '' the soldier calls out as the truck rumbles away . 
 krauss picks himself up , catches his breath . 
 the ink in his veins tells him to head into the violence , but the surge of humanity starts running , spurred on by voices raising the alarm . 
 `` wellington barracks is on fire ! 
 get out in the open ! 
 another explosion is coming ! '' 
 a young man shouts . 
 krauss follows the crowd in its limping sprint for safety . 
 the grisly parade slows as it passes down chebucto road , heading out of town . 
 stunned spectators on the undamaged streets open their front doors and stand staring . 
 army trucks race down the roads , depositing soldiers . 
 they shout at the spectators and bang on the doors . 
 `` get out of your houses ! 
 get out in the open ! '' 
 hundreds join the macabre march , outpacing death . 
 dozens have blood-soaked bandages wrapped around their heads and sides , but few thought to bring winter clothes . 
 mothers wrap their babies in whatever clothing they can find . 
 a woman explains to anyone who will listen that the baby she 's holding is n't hers , but she found it lying in a pile of rubble and could n't just leave it there . 
 a bugle calls out loudly and people turn to find it . 
 they see only a well-to-do family walking with their heads down , laden with belongings . 
 the bugle calls out again , and this time krauss locates it : it 's in the throat of a talented parrot with clean grey feathers and a bright red tail , held in a cage by a boy . 
 at the outskirts of the city , houses yield to fields . 
 a group of a hundred peels off the march to enter the grassy land , standing in it like scarecrows . 
 `` too near ! 
 take to the woods ! '' 
 a man shouts and most move on , seeking safety by crossing the peninsula into the forest at the edge of the town . 
 krauss stays back with the hundred , looking to the north end . 
 the towering cloud is gone , but a low , black fog smothers richmond . 
 a frigid wind cuts across the frozen field . 
 krauss shifts his feet to keep them from going numb in the half-inch of snow . 
 he looks at faces , looks for stories . 
 chapter eight evie wakes me with a lingering kiss . 
 i flutter open my eyes and meet hers , brown , bright and smiling . 
 after two years of waking to mud , rain and violence , this is heaven . 
 for two years , i 've had to leave her upon waking . 
 now , the trouble is escaping the hellish trenches that haunt my dreams . 
 i 've only been home two days . 
 `` morning , sugar bear , '' she whispers , biting my ear . 
 `` mmmmm ... morning , bones . '' 
 she slaps me . 
 `` i 'm not that skinny ! '' 
 i wrestle her underneath me , her pale body and the grey sheets an impossibility against my dark skin , seared dirty from living in a trench-grave too long . 
 `` i 'll never be as naked as you , '' i murmur . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she says , giving me a quizzical look . 
 `` nothing , '' i whisper . 
 `` mmmmmm ... '' she coos . 
 `` i 've missed you , mr. joyce . 
 waking up alone is a terrible thing to do . '' 
 my mind shudders , but i pull it out of that dark passage . 
 `` well , let 's never do it again . 
 ` mr. prime minister , '' ' i say , addressing the bedroom . 
 `` ` behold , and i will tell you a great secret . 
 the germans ? 
 not so bad . 
 really , decent chaps at heart . 
 and i 've got a cunning plan to end the war . '' ' 
 evie sits up , wrapping the sheets around her . 
 `` do tell , '' she encourages . 
 `` ` here , mr. prime minister , is my brilliant plan for ending the great war : stop killing them . 
 i am certain that in return , and out of thanks , and with a big veilen dank , they will , in turn , stop killing us . '' ' 
 `` but who will have won ? '' 
 `` why , humanity , sir -- humanity ! '' 
 i cry with a flourish . 
 evie claps , letting the sheets slip . 
 `` and now , to claim the booty that is rightfully mine ! '' 
 evie gasps and plays at being affronted . 
 `` oh , do be gentle , kind sir , it 's been too long since this virgin land has welcomed a soldier . '' 
 and my mind derails . 
 i shove her off the bed . 
 she sprawls , smacking her head against the wood nightstand . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 she cries , covering her cut and trying to get to her feet , but i 'm standing over her . 
 i 've got muscles i never had before and i use them to pin her down on the cold floor . 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 black snow is storming through my mind . 
 i 'm hearing shells and screams and guns but most of all that voice that started to torment me a year ago : she 's cheated . 
 it started as a whisper but now it can claim my mind at any time . 
 that 's all it says : she 's been untrue . 
 then images , photographs , film -- it accumulates visual proof of her infidelity and shoves it in my eyes . 
 three times in my last three months i burst out of my sleep in the rainy fields of europe and started over the top , comrades pulling me down . 
 the wall of german guns trained on me called her unfaithful . 
 the last time , the guns called me a fool and shot me . 
 i know i 'm crazy . 
 but i also know she cheated . 
 i saw it . 
 `` who was he ? '' 
 i growl between clenched teeth , shaking her bare shoulders . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asks , head turned protectively . 
 `` the man in my bed . '' 
 she turns to look at me now , her eyes hard . 
 `` what on earth are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the man who 's kept warm in my bed while i 've been dead these past two years . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 no one has been in your bed , '' she says , looking at me with anger . 
 `` you said there was a soldier . '' 
 i soften my tone . 
 `` i understand these things . 
 it 's okay . 
 just , i want to know who it was . '' 
 `` who was ? 
 you 're crazy , tommy , '' she says , standing . 
 `` you know there 's no one else for me . 
 for god 's sake , we live on the most gossipy street in halifax . 
 if anyone but the milkman darkened my door , it 'd be on the front page of the daily echo that evening . '' 
 `` the milkman ? '' 
 she meets my eyes ; there 's fear , but also a glint of contempt . 
 `` yes , the milkman . 
 the decrepit , sixty-two-year-old mr. moar . 
 i just could n't resist the way he hobbles on his wooden leg . '' 
 she says the last lightly , so it 's a joke . 
 she never believed those mad letters i wrote her . 
 i want her to believe . 
 `` breathe ... breathe ... . '' 
 she 's running her hands through my hair , over my back , calling me home . 
 i blink away the trench eyes , swim back into focus and meet hers . 
 so calm . 
 peaceful . 
 loving . 
 for two years , i 've been primed for death , lying in those trenches with a finger through the trigger . 
 drills where you 'd be shouted awake and have to be murder-ready in seconds , snarling at the edge of the trench ready to bayonet the hun . 
 `` oh god , evie , i 'm sorry , '' i say , shoulders heaving with sobs . 
 she pulls my head into the crook of her shoulder , murmuring , hushing . 
 `` you need to learn to control yourself , tommy . 
 you need help that i ca n't give . 
 and i ca n't live like this forever . '' 
 i kiss her neck , ask for her patience . 
 chapter nine the trench is electric this morning . 
 we 've been sitting on our backsides for months now , surviving on the laurels of others . 
 the canadians won vimy ridge and so we 're up there with the elite forces of the allies . 
 we can now die in the most heroically moronic fashions our commanders can dream up . 
 something 's happening . 
 you can tell by the puffed-up chests of the roosters who rule us that they 've got secrets . 
 they 've got orders . 
 we 're back in the war . 
 the boys are excited . 
 it 's june 1917 , and a fine day . 
 the shelling stopped in the middle of the night , so it 's quiet . 
 the sun is barely up , but bright , promising to dry the trench . 
 i 'm suicidally bored . 
 i peer through barbed-wire and machinegun nests over the trench into the swampy forest i 've been living in for months . 
 dead trees haunt the bleak landscape , bashed deep with shell holes . 
 i do n't know anything about belgium , but i 'm betting it was n't always this ugly . 
 i ca n't believe what a mess we 've made of it . 
 austin is mad with excitement , of course . 
 he tells anyone who 'll listen he 's fought more wars than genghis khan -- and he 'll also tell you he 's eighteen and from toronto . 
 saying he 's eighteen we understand , because he 's not a day past fifteen and thus legally barred from getting blown to bits for king and country . 
 but we do n't understand why he says he 's from toronto : in addition to a ridiculously precious name , austin possesses the most irritating deep-bush australian accent to ever rattle down the throat of a man . 
 for the first month after he arrived , i slept with a knife in my hand , certain he was a badly trained german spy . 
 i doubt the boy had ever killed time , let alone a man . 
 `` we 're going over , tommy-gun tom ! '' 
 he grins at me . 
 he 's got the same golden-blond hair as my brother . 
 `` yeah , and we 'll soon be under , '' i say . 
 `` come on -- you know what we did to the hun in vimy ! 
 he 's on his hind legs -- one more push and we 'll send him sprawling back to germany ! '' 
 `` you sound like a newsreel , '' i tell him . 
 he 's hurt . 
 `` bet i get to berlin first , '' i tell him . 
 he brightens up and i shoo him away . 
 i 've been digging strange holes lately , far ahead of our position . 
 no one tells me anything , but i can work out that we 've got a cunning plan , and i 've learned to fear the cunning plan . 
 an officer strides past . 
 `` have a look , boys , '' he says quietly , nodding up the trench . 
 this seems a bad idea to me , but others are already doing it . 
 austin has got half his body over , and someone tugs him down a bit , lest a bored german take target practice . 
 the trench grows quiet , tense . 
 usually the end of shelling means the start of running , but we 've got no orders . 
 we stare across no man 's land . 
 a massive blast sends the german trenches up into the air , briefly blocking out the sun with the falling debris . 
 our trenches erupt with cheering as the german guns and bodies crash back down to earth . 
 mines . 
 we went right under their trenches and stuck ’em full of tnt . 
 cunning . 
 the officers are in full battle mode now , shouting and hollering at us . 
 we race over the top before the dust settles . 
 we do n't lose many . 
 a couple of men slip in the mud and fall into the shell craters and drown in the muck , and that 's just too bad . 
 we capture the trenches without much of a fight and dig out their bodies , eat their food . 
 somebody finds a stash of schnapps and we celebrate . 
 chapter ten krauss watches a young boy in the clearing . 
 he 's standing with his family amid the shuffling , sniffling hundred who 've broken off the main flight out of the city . 
 the boy spots a construction site and jogs over , bringing back planks for his mother and two sisters to stand on . 
 the idea spreads and soon a mock-stage covers the field . 
 krauss walks over to the boy . 
 `` hi , i 'm jack krauss , daily echo , '' he says , flipping open his notebook , talking straight to the boy . 
 the little fellow stiffens with pride , takes krauss 's hand . 
 `` thomas raddall , sir , '' he says , with a little bow . 
 `` this is my mother and sisters . '' 
 krauss nods politely . 
 the woman , holding a well-wrapped third child , is pale , a torn bedsheet wrapped around a head wound . 
 her shirt is stained with blood . 
 her family 's wearing hats and coats , though . 
 `` you 're wet ! '' 
 the boy exclaims . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 krauss looks down at himself , surprised to find he is damp . 
 `` i do n't really remember . 
 i was standing at the pier , watching the burning ship , and next thing i know , i 'm blasted up the hill . 
 i recall sitting up and seeing a huge wave leap over me , coming down like an eagle on a mouse . 
 it snatched me up and dragged me out to sea . 
 i guess i managed to swim back to shore . '' 
 he remembers the faces of those who did n't , panicked and wounded , eaten by the churning harbour . 
 `` the blast made such a hole in the harbour , it was as dry as the red sea was for moses , for a few seconds anyway . '' 
 the boy listens wide-eyed . 
 `` but you 're not badly hurt ? '' 
 `` no , '' answers krauss , rubbing the bandage on his head . 
 `` just a light wound . '' 
 `` heck of a day , eh ? '' 
 krauss says , still addressing the boy . 
 the mother smiles , tired but proud of her son . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 well , it was a lucky thing . 
 being a newspaper man , you 'll know about the coal shortage . 
 well , at my school -- chebucto -- we turned the heat off overnight , and only the oldest boys came in early , as we can handle the cold . 
 the children do n't come in until ten . 
 we were just sitting down after the morning hymn when i felt two blasts . '' 
 `` two ? '' 
 krauss interrupts . 
 `` yes , sir , two . 
 one from the ground , then one from the air . 
 i guess it 's the same as a depth charge exploded at sea , '' he says , like he 's sailed the seven seas . 
 `` the second blast sent the windows on us . 
 it was like a monster picked us up and shook us , then slammed our heads on the ground . '' 
 the boy throttles the air for effect . 
 krauss tries not to smile . 
 the boy is enjoying telling the story , but to remind him he is a just a boy would deflate him . 
 `` all the other pupils fled , like it was a fire drill , but i stayed , standing by the headmaster 's desk . '' 
 `` like any good soldier would , '' adds krauss , nodding approvingly . 
 `` yes , sir -- exactly . 
 i was waiting for an order to move on -- or stay put . 
 the headmaster thought some boys had set off stolen dynamite in the basement , so we searched the building . 
 all the classrooms were wrecked -- filled with broken glass and chunks of the ceiling . 
 well , old gander and i searched the whole school -- '' `` old gander ? '' 
 krauss asks . 
 the boy blushes . 
 his mother puts her free hand on his back . 
 `` sorry , sir , that 's what some of the lads call the headmaster . 
 anyway , we did n't find anyone , so went outside . 
 then , of course , we saw that the blast had not come from the school at all . 
 we saw a big black cloud in the sky and knew a ship had blown up . 
 the headmaster dismissed me and i went home , where i found my mother and my sisters . '' 
 `` well , that 's quite a story , '' says krauss , tucking his notebook into his shirt pocket . 
 `` you 'll take good of your mother , thomas . 
 they 're in good hands . '' 
 the boy nods seriously . 
 krauss moves on . 
 the fleeing crowd has passed and there 's an open road back to the city . 
 he passes an officer coming out , looking harried . 
 `` all clear , sir ? '' 
 krauss asks him . 
 the officer pauses , looks at him like he 's trying to remember who he is . 
 `` well , it does n't seem likely the barracks will blow , if that 's what you mean . 
 but it 's a frightful sight in there and i 'd stay out here , if i were you . '' 
 `` has someone been inside the barracks then ? '' 
 `` wellington barracks is being cleared of all its munitions . 
 soldiers are dumping everything in the harbour . 
 it seems this panic was started by the elimination of a danger , '' he says , wiping his nose with his leather glove . 
 he 's not wearing the great coat typical of officers . 
 `` coals tipped over by the blast were thrown near a hole in the wall of the barracks , but a lieutenant spotted that and doused them with a fire extinguisher . 
 people saw the smoke from that and thought it was a live fire . 
 so the panic spread , probably costing lives . '' 
 `` where are you going now ? '' 
 krauss asks . 
 `` you 're very curious , '' the officer replies . 
 krauss tells him who he is . 
 the officer rolls his eyes . 
 `` i 'm heading after the horde that bolted for the woods . 
 it 's safe enough there for now , but very cold , and we 're due a storm tonight . 
 we 're setting up tents on the commons and i do n't want to spend tomorrow hauling frozen corpses out of the armdale woods , '' he explains . 
 `` and these people ? '' 
 krauss says , pointing to the hundred . 
 `` i 'll see to them on my way back . 
 really , there 's no point encouraging anyone to go back there now . 
 it 'll break the spirit of any man -- including you , '' he says , finger levelled at krauss . 
 `` thanks , sir , '' krauss says , but the officer has spun on his heel and marched on out of town . 
 krauss watches him go , then retraces the exodus back into hell . 
 chapter eleven i make my way through the chaos to st joseph 's . 
 a dozen soldiers try to wrestle a horse 's corpse off the street while a wagon full of wounded survivors waits impatiently to pass . 
 people are dropping dead on the street as the damage catches up to them . 
 i put my shoulder in at the horse 's belly and we all heave and grunt and slip , and finally get the beast moving . 
 it stinks and it 's bleeding all over me . 
 we shove it into the side of the road . 
 the soldiers salute the officer driving the wagon and march double-time to the next disaster . 
 the officer looks down at me . 
 `` hospital ? '' 
 he asks politely . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm not hurt . '' 
 the way he looks at me says he knows otherwise , but there 're enough injured who want help to keep him busy . 
 he cracks the reins and pulls away in a cloud of dust . 
 i catch eyes with a man missing half his jaw , trying to hold himself in the back of the wagon as it bounces along . 
 the officer carries his moaning cargo down to the shore . 
 a group of soldiers unload the wagon and gently place the not-yet dead in a horizontal line . 
 those who 've died on the trip are quietly taken out of sight . 
 there are dozens of bodies in both piles . 
 i jog down to look for evie , but something pokes my lung like a sucker punch and i collapse . 
 it takes a minute to find my breath . 
 i run my hand over my ribs and can feel two or three are broken . 
 i steady myself , get to my feet and get down to the water . 
 i wonder which pile to try first . 
 i choose the living . 
 `` you seen a thin woman , twenty-two , five-foot-four , long brown hair ? '' 
 i ask the first soldier i come to . 
 he glances up at me . 
 `` sir , today i seen every possible configuration of humanity god ever dreamt of . '' 
 `` but she 's my wife , '' i say , grabbing his arm . 
 `` sir , everyone of these folks is someone 's wife , or husband , or father or child . 
 we ai n't keeping records . 
 sorry , sir . '' 
 a tugboat slides in at the dock and american sailors pile out . 
 they start at the far end , picking up people and tucking them inside the tug . 
 i move down the line , scanning faces . 
 `` mr. ross ! '' 
 i say , seeing a neighbour . 
 he looks at me quizzically , like i 'm melting . 
 `` adam ? '' 
 he 's an old man , widowed for twenty years . 
 he 's got an ugly slash across his forehead , like someone was after his brain . 
 it 's loosely wrapped in a bandage , but he keeps pulling it off . 
 he 's half-dressed and painted in soot . 
 it 's like he just finished getting mugged at a minstrel show . 
 `` no , mr. ross . 
 it 's thomas . '' 
 his face falls into sorrow . 
 `` oh , right . 
 of course . 
 i 'm sorry , you two looked so much alike , '' he says . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i reassure him . 
 `` young thomas , i thought you were in europe . '' 
 `` i was , mr. ross , but they sent me back . '' 
 `` too much for the germans ? '' 
 i give him a small smile . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` and where 's your father ? '' 
 he asks . 
 still dead , i think . 
 dead ten years . 
 mother followed two years later . 
 `` he 's fine , '' is what i say . 
 then , `` have you seen evelyn ? '' 
 he purses his lips in thought . 
 he 's quiet a long time . 
 the sailors come for him , pick him up and carry him to the tug . 
 he does n't seem to mind the rough trip . 
 i stay with him . 
 `` have you seen evelyn ? '' 
 i ask again as he 's laid with the other wounded . 
 the sailors signal up to the pilot , and the tug starts to pull away . 
 `` who ? '' 
 mr. ross finally asks . 
 i hop back to shore . 
 the tug churns up the grey water , easing its way past the blasted boats and making course for a big american ship at anchor , the uss old colony . 
 `` how many have you taken out there ? '' 
 i ask a sailor who is tending the wounded . 
 `` seems like millions , '' he mutters . 
 `` hospitals are overflowing , they got people stacked up everywhere . 
 but we 're out of room too . 
 plus , look at this place , '' he says , gesturing to the burning city . 
 `` those who are alive now will likely stay so . 
 and those who are dead , well , we 'll leave them to the chaplains . '' 
 another wagon full of wounded pulls up , but the sailor shakes his head . 
 `` that 's it , '' he says , waving the wagon driver off . 
 `` no more . '' 
 `` come on , pal , they got nowhere else to go , '' says the driver . 
 `` so what , i 'm supposed to put ’em in the head ? 
 look , the beds are all full . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` your bed still open ? '' 
 the driver asks him , looking hard . 
 the young sailor bites his lip , sighs . 
 `` okay , but that 's it . 
 we 'll fill one more tug , and then go . '' 
 i ask the driver about evie , but he gives me the same answer . 
 too many ruined faces . 
 i walk over to the other pile . 
 they 're all neatly laid out . 
 i force myself to look at each face : no evie . 
 some of them are melted , some of them burnt , some smashed , and some look like nothing 's wrong with them at all , like they 're about to yawn and get up . 
 no one i know . 
 not my grief . 
 i head uphill to st joseph 's . 
 i reach the girls ' school first . 
 the elegant victorian building is still standing , but it looks like a giant has bashed the roof in . 
 all the windows are shot out , the doors blown in and inside are broken ceilings and scattered desks . 
 the turret on top is precariously balanced on its side . 
 a nun digs through the ruins . 
 next door , a telegraph pole still stands before st joseph 's church like a cross . 
 all over the city , the poles are still standing . 
 i crunch over broken glass to get inside the sanctuary , which is piled high with masonry , pews and stained glass . 
 the new organ pokes a few twisted pipes out through the debris . 
 i 'm standing in the aisle evie and i walked down to make our vows . 
 the aisle my father walked to wed my mother , and his father before him . 
 where they all received their final honours . 
 since the joyces left dublin , this has been the true family home . 
 i hear a landslide behind me and a man 's weak shout . 
 i step quickly over the rubble and find a section still moving up near where the altar was -- in front of it , pinned to the ground , is father mckay . 
 only his head is free and he 's staring up through the open roof but seeing nothing . 
 he 's got holes in his eyes like he 's been jabbed with a skewer . 
 he baptized me , confirmed me , married me and prayed for me when i went to war . 
 i have n't been to see him since i got back , despite evie 's nagging . 
 i start pulling chunks of stone off him . 
 i 'm so tired . 
 this day has lasted a thousand years . 
 i feel older than the sun . 
 `` it 's me , father , thomas joyce . '' 
 he moans , closes his useless eyes . 
 `` hold on , father , i 'll have you out in a second . '' 
 as i 'm digging beams off him , he starts singing in that weedy voice of his . 
 i 've heard it every sunday since i was born , apart from when i was overseas . 
 `` i once could see , but now i 'm blind , '' the old priest calls out , tunelessly . 
 `` ` amazing grace , ' eh ? 
 i 'd say this is pretty bloody amazing all right , '' i grumble , sliding his leg from beneath the pew it 's under . 
 he winces . 
 it 's a bad break and i can see a bone poking out of his skinny leg , weaving a hole through his black pants . 
 `` our lord was crucified , doubting thomas . 
 did you expect an easy life ? '' 
 he asks me , eyes roaming sightlessly over the sky . 
 he 's always called me that . 
 `` did i not teach you better than to expect a life of pleasure ? '' 
 it 's late afternoon and the sun is lowering . 
 shades of black scrape through the blue sky , erasing the illusion and revealing glimpses of the masterless infinity beyond . 
 `` why does it have to be so hard ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the old priest winces as i free his other leg . 
 i lift him gently out of the hole , lay him on top of the debris . 
 his old body is covered in dust , blood trickling out his ears and nose . 
 `` sure , life is hard . 
 but this ... this is pointless . '' 
 `` the lord works in mysterious ways , '' is his answer . 
 this is why i have n't been to see him . 
 i 've seen some pretty mysterious things , all right . 
 like what happened to adam . 
 like that stupid boy austin getting himself killed in the trench because he was bored and restless . 
 i 've seen thousands dying for a scrap of land not big enough to hold all their bodies . 
 i could n't see me politely confessing my sins to someone who believes it was all done on purpose . 
 `` it 's a pretty sick god you believe in , that would do this to his faithful , '' i tell the priest . 
 `` ` brace yourself like a man ; i will question you and you shall answer me , '' ' he recites in his biblical voice . 
 i bite my lip and try to clear the dust and blood off his face . 
 `` ` who shut up the sea behind the doors when it burst forth from the womb , when i made the clouds its garment and wrapped it in thick darkness , when i fixed the limits for it and set its doors and bars in place , when i said this far you may come and no farther : here is where your proud waves halt ? '' ' 
 his sermon on job is stopped by a wave of bloody coughing . 
 it wracks his old body , his shattered ribs twisting with the force of the lungs expanding . 
 i cradle his head in my lap so it does n't bang against the rocks . 
 `` i 've seen the gates of death , and i know where darkness lives , '' i mumble , thinking he wo n't hear me . 
 `` right in my head . 
 we make an idol of our fear and call it god . '' 
 his bony hand reaches for mine ; i take it . 
 it 's cold , dry . 
 `` doubting thomas , so sure of everything . 
 god never promises an easy life -- it 's a life of testing , of mount moriahs and gethsemanes , where god himself does what he could not ask of abraham . 
 why did you expect to be spared while so many suffer ? 
 if the son of god died in full innocence , why should a sinner like you live ? '' 
 that hits like a bullet to the guts and i wince , then snarl , curses curdling in my mouth . 
 he knows nothing of what happened between me and adam , i tell myself . 
 brothers hold their own secrets . 
 i watch the old priest 's face as he speaks , his mouth pulling the tight skin over his skull . 
 his eyelids are fluttering , his pale eyes still on the sky . 
 he 's badly hurt , shivering violently . 
 i wish i had something warm to give him . 
 death has got two strong hands on him and is about to pull him under . 
 but he 's peaceful . 
 does he really believe what he 's saying ? 
 `` faith is just a way of blocking out reality until death ends it , '' i say . 
 `` faith is reality , '' he counters . 
 `` you will come through this valley of death , thomas , and you will see a light . 
 even in this frozen desolation , a light burns for you . 
 you are not forgotten . 
 you are not abandoned . '' 
 `` adam was abandoned , '' i tell him . 
 `` your brother was a good man , '' he tells me . 
 i 've heard that all my life . 
 `` he died alone , but with god . 
 and now that he is in heaven , he forgives you . '' 
 i suck in air , biting my tongue . 
 the priest 's breath is slowing , coming out jagged , making a terrible sound . 
 his lungs are filling up with blood , he 's down to his final moments . 
 i 've seen it before . 
 `` thanks , father , '' i force myself to say . 
 let the dying believe what they want . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he rasps , but i do n't have an answer . 
 `` have faith , son , have faith . 
 your reward awaits you . '' 
 `` father , i spent the last two years of my life living in a muddy hole , '' i say angrily . 
 `` people like you kept telling me to have faith -- priests of god , officers of the army . 
 but it was pointless -- the whole war is idiotic . 
 and i kept having faith . 
 my mind started to break with the strain of believing . 
 then it blew up , and i started believing darker things . 
 i knew evie was cheating on me and it smashed my soul , but that was n't true either . 
 then i come home , someone ca n't steer a ship properly , and everything 's destroyed . 
 i can take it as a test of faith , but i do n't have any faith to test . 
 it 's an accident , that 's all . 
 and it 's killed evie , the only reason i bothered staying alive in europe . '' 
 `` god does not give us more than we can handle , '' he whispers . 
 `` you survived the brutal works of man in the great war and you will survive this . 
 have faith -- evie lives . '' 
 `` do you know that ? 
 have you seen her ? '' 
 `` have faith , son . '' 
 `` father , i had buckets of faith in the trench and people still died . 
 it does n't make a difference . 
 i thought long about this . 
 if there 's a god , he 's either fickle , uninterested or mean . 
 if he is sticking his hand in , saving some and watching others die , then so what ? 
 i once had a chaplain tell me about a holy officer he knew who was on a long trip to the front lines , when his truck runs out of gas . 
 he 's on a desolated stretch of road , no village around for miles . 
 figures he 's going to have to walk , but it could take a day or more , and shells are always falling . 
 then , another truck rolls up -- and he 's got spare gas . 
 presto , away they go . 
 `` this chaplain -- he tells me that 's proof of god . 
 but what about the two thousand men shot dead or blown up that week ? 
 god does n't care ? 
 so he 's fickle , just saving randomly because of a whim , or he 's cruel , and picking favourites according to rules we ca n't know . 
 so i can believe evie 's alive all i want . 
 does n't change whether she 's dead or alive . '' 
 `` there is more rejoicing in heaven over the lost sheep that is found than over the ninety-nine that never strayed , '' mckay says . 
 i roll my eyes , stare up at the stormy sky . 
 `` i 'm dying , tommy , '' the old priest says , holding my hand tighter . 
 `` i know , father , '' i answer quietly . 
 `` you 've got to find evie , '' he manages . 
 his breath is coming harder . 
 `` since when do you call her evie ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he smiles . 
 `` you know , tommy , you were n't the only man to fall in love with her . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 he laughs softly . 
 `` trust her , tommy . 
 you owe her that much . 
 i mean all of us fell in love with her . 
 even this old chaste priest . 
 you 've got to find her , '' he repeats . 
 `` i will , father . 
 but how do you know she 's alive ? '' 
 the priest opens his mouth to speak , but nothing but air comes out . 
 his last breath passes over his lips and his ruined body grows still . 
 friend or enemy , devout or godless , it always comes down to this . 
 i stay with him a while , thinking i 'm going to cry , but i do n't . 
 i just want to sleep , but every time i close my eyes i see evie and see her dying alone , leaving me unforgiven , and i 'm terrified awake . 
 i lower the remains of father mckay into the hole i 've just dug him out of , gently bending his arms and legs so he 's curled up in it like a baby in the womb of death . 
 i crawl out of the hole and search through the church , looking for something to cover him with . 
 an arm of the crucifix that hung over the church for generations reaches through the ruins , the bony hand of jesus clutching at empty air . 
 i find a big banner honouring the parish 's war dead and pull it out of the rubble . 
 i scan the list , see my friends under the great war heading . 
 i 'm surprised not to see my own name . 
 i carry it to father mckay and lay it over him . 
 staring down at the old priest , i want to curl up next to him and just let death win , but pain drives me on . 
 my left knee is seizing up , so i start walking . 
 i 'm shivering bad , but there 's no shelter left standing . 
 i leave the vanquished church and walk out into the dying day . 
 as the sun leaves the sky , stealing what light remains , snow begins to fall on the burning city . 
 white flakes melt into the red flames gnawing on the flattened houses . 
 soon , they will suffocate them . 
 for now , shivering people gather near the fires . 
 a man scrambles up a tree , screaming low . 
 he 's desperate , pulling on small snow-dusted limbs that snap under his weight and he tumbles to the ground with a thump . 
 he sees me and shouts me over . 
 `` my wife ! 
 my wife ! '' 
 he yells , eyes darting between me and up the tree . 
 i follow his eyes and there she is , hanging like hellish fruit , impaled on the tree by the explosion . 
 her arms and legs hang limply toward the ground , her neck bent brutally to the left and mercifully i ca n't make out her face in the dusk . 
 a great , sharp branch pierces her chest just below her breasts , sticking out eighteen inches . 
 i hope she died quickly . 
 `` she 's dead , brother , '' i tell him , but he ca n't hear it . 
 `` help me into the tree ! '' 
 he pleads . 
 okay . 
 i cup my hands together and boost him onto a big branch . 
 he climbs up to her , reaches out and hugs her awkwardly . 
 he 's talking to her , stroking her blood-caked face . 
 `` go get some help ! '' 
 he yells down at me through the falling snow . 
 i start to speak , but silence myself . 
 `` okay , brother , i 'll do that , '' i say , and walk away . 
 there 're too many nightmares to wake anybody up right now . 
 a little boy lies dead in front of me . 
 his legs are twisted around a bicycle , his back broken so that he stares up at the darkening sky . 
 snowflakes fall on his open eyes , his body , slowly burying him in a white shawl . 
 an old leather satchel hangs from his neck -- newspapers . 
 i pick one up : germans start new offensive to take venice , it proclaims . 
 it seems like news from another century . 
 i open the paper , lay it down so it covers the boy 's face , but change my mind . 
 i put the paper in my pocket and pull his stiff body off the bicycle . 
 it 's not easy , but i manage . 
 i think about burying him , but the ground is too hard . 
 i carry him for a bit , out of ideas . 
 i stop by a house burning in the darkness , the snow slowly winning , and consider cremation , but ca n't bring myself to leave him there . 
 i walk on , through what used to be backyards , holding the boy in my arms . 
 there 's nothing i can do . 
 i lay him down in a clear patch of frosty grass , sit back and watch the snow fall over him . 
 chapter twelve the road out of the disaster zone is thick with dying and sightless men . 
 krauss weaves his way through the throng driven by a desire to escape . 
 survivors scavenge through the ruins , digging for hope . 
 a girl crawls across the wreckage , feeling a way out , finding a corpse . 
 everyone is abandoning richmond , except for the soldiers marching in . 
 they 've cleared a path and krauss follows it to the heart of the disaster , this time unchallenged . 
 he passes the remains of the textile mill . 
 a long brick chimney survives in a field of crumbled dreams . 
 krauss glances into the ruins and sees a room just below street level . 
 five bodies are wrapped into the bricks and smashed sewing machines , their faces death masks of terror . 
 the floor and walls are soaked with blood . 
 it looks like a slaughterhouse . 
 a young woman sits on the demolished building , sobbing into her hands . 
 he walks on , aiming for the north street station . 
 he keeps hearing about a railway man who saved a lot of lives . 
 farther down campbell road , he passes the remains of the richmond printing company . 
 all that 's left standing are the heavy granite blocks that formed the entry . 
 it looks like stonehenge . 
 the rails in front of north street station are torn up , the bridge punched away and lying in a heap , full of death . 
 most of the tracks are twisted , but some lie perfectly in order . 
 the grand hotel attached to the station lost all its glass but is mostly intact . 
 krauss steps down onto the tracks and goes into the station . 
 the tall brick roof is still overhead , but the ceiling is a carpet of glass over the locomotives . 
 a few routes have been cleared through the dangerous landscape . 
 a handful of soldiers work slowly in the ruins , occasionally pulling out a body and adding it to the stack . 
 he sees a man sitting on an overturned garbage bin , smoking . 
 krauss follows his gaze -- the body of a woman lies half-buried in mortar and glass . 
 she 's flat on her back , arms flung wide to the sides , mouth open in a shocked ` o. ' a triangle of glass stabs into her chest , splattered with blood . 
 `` you know her ? '' 
 krauss asks , kneeling beside the man . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i suppose the soldiers will get to her soon enough , '' krauss adds . 
 the man nods , smokes , stares at the corpse . 
 `` you here when the ship blew up ? '' 
 the reporter asks . 
 the man is silent for a minute , then : `` germans . 
 i heard it was the germans , blowing up the city . '' 
 krauss starts to correct him , but then lets it go . 
 he gives the man a moment . 
 `` it was hell , '' the survivor finally says . 
 `` i was just going to get a newspaper to read on the train to wolfville , when this thunder roared down from god and slapped the roof , turning the glass into knives . '' 
 the survivor takes a long drag . 
 `` it seemed to be moving real slow , so i could watch everything . 
 the shards of glass came down like fine hail . 
 i watched the crest of their wave move closer and closer to us as a black smoke filled the sky . 
 then they started going in to people and things flicked back to normal speed . 
 screaming , crying , dying . '' 
 another big drag . 
 he 's smoked it right down to the end so it burns his fingers and he drops it , cursing . 
 breathes out heavily . 
 `` the newsstand took the knives meant for me . 
 i just stood there watching it all . 
 watched the triangle of glass fall into this woman 's chest . 
 she was so surprised , then fell over dead right away . 
 nothing i could do for her . '' 
 the survivor shuffles his feet , crunching the glass . 
 krauss gets his name and hometown -- he 's from wolfville and was in halifax for a business meeting . 
 spent the night in the station 's hotel . 
 `` what are you going to do now ? '' 
 krauss asks him . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` go home , i guess . 
 the officer over there tells me the trains will be running from rockingham by nightfall and i can get back to the valley tomorrow , after the worst hurt are evacuated . '' 
 krauss pats his coat pockets , finds a cigarette and offers it to the man . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 krauss nods . 
 they smoke in silence . 
 `` good luck , '' he says as he stands , heading for the officer . 
 chapter thirteen evie 's wearing white . 
 it 's the same dress she wore yesterday when we married , but no one cares . 
 the war 's still new and we 're all too excited by the discipline of rations . 
 she 's got her white-gloved arm through mine , pressing her side against my dark suit as we walk on a warm summer 's sunday . 
 white clouds drift through blue sky and a fresh breeze comes in off the ocean , mingling with pine . 
 halifax at its best . 
 men take off their hats as we pass and give evie a bow , sometimes ignoring me . 
 she smiles at me and i love her even more . 
 she beckons me and when i stoop down , she kisses me on the cheek . 
 we walk up the stone steps to the church and the doors are already open . 
 gossipy old women chatter , exchanging dark looks . 
 my aunts hug evie , rubbing her back and whispering advice . 
 my uncles shake my hand and speak seriously of war . 
 no one mentions the ghost of the groom . 
 we take our seats in my family 's pew and the congregation claps . 
 the veterans of marriage stop by and congratulate us , the men giving me knowing winks and nudges , their wives teasing evie . 
 she smiles , bites her lip and blushes . 
 she knows what 's expected . 
 people take their seats , start whispering . 
 i hate the hypocrisy of it all . 
 i want to stand up and challenge them to shout from the rooftops what they murmur behind closed doors . 
 father mckay comes up the aisle in solemn procession . 
 he 's smiling , winking at evie and me , his warm , wrinkled face flushed with a grin . 
 i 'm so proud . 
 i wish my parents were alive to see it , but i know they 're in heaven , watching . 
 forgiving . 
 my smile wavers . 
 when the priest passes by , evie catches my eye and sticks her tongue out at me , so only i can see it . 
 i almost laugh out loud . 
 she wets her finger , smoothes my unruly eyebrows . 
 the priest asks the congregation to join him in welcoming and blessing st. joseph 's newest family , mr. and mrs. joyce , but this has already happened . 
 there 's applause , reluctant at first but finally made enthusiastic by mckay 's prompting . 
 those beside us urge us to stand and we do , waving to the congregation . 
 we take our seats and turn back to father mckay , standing under the cross of christ that will hang over my whole life , from baptism to burial . 
 mckay grows serious . 
 `` while today is a day of great joy , as we celebrate the sacred marriage of thomas to evelyn , it is also a day of sorrow , '' he says , and i wish he would n't go on . 
 `` for our brothers in england are caught in a violence not of their making , and the empire is calling all her sons home to defend her . 
 and so thomas , like so many others in this city , knows his duty , and tomorrow sails for england . '' 
 the congregation quietens awkwardly . 
 the ghost coughs . 
 pride takes over . 
 this is our war , our chance to add to the legends of our fathers . 
 father mckay calls us up for communion , the last i 'll ever take . 
 i walk to the altar behind evie , watching her body move under her white dress . 
 i smile and she senses it , turns to me and smiles back , but her eyes are dark with sorrow . 
 she kneels and takes the bread and the wine and i follow her . 
 i take the cup in my hands and raise it to my lips . 
 i inhale , the richness of the blood mingling with the smell of her body still on my fingers . 
 it 's intoxicating . 
 it 's a perfect moment and i want this clarity to last forever . 
 i lower the cup . 
 chapter fourteen we waited too long . 
 i 've given up trying to make sense of a general 's mind , because there is no sense there . 
 we handed all the german bodies back down the lines and did the same with our own dead . 
 anyone who had overshot the advanced front lines before getting shot was left to rot , as the officers decided skulking about for corpses in the new no man 's land was too dangerous . 
 we sit uneasily in the captured german trenches . 
 the rain hoses us from dawn to dusk , and tries to drown us overnight . 
 we thicken up our arsenal of field guns and connect the old trenches to the new front lines with duckboard planks . 
 the slow move begins . 
 thousands of men pick up muddy stuff , lug it forward a few thousands yards , and deposit it in the new holes . 
 men walking ahead with hundred-pound packs lose their footing , fall into one of the watery holes left by the shells and drown . 
 sometimes they swim a bit , but never for long with those heavy packs and waterhugging uniforms . 
 certainly not for long enough to get help . 
 officers at the front claim the best ex-german rooms in the dugouts and the rest of us battle for little advantages . 
 i manage to get a cot . 
 and now here we are , settled into our new homes . 
 it always takes a while to work out who 's dead . 
 sometimes , it 's weeks after an attack and you get to thinking , where 's that jimmy gone to ? 
 and you find out jimmy had a shell land on him . 
 we 're restless to move forward . 
 `` vat do you tink ? '' 
 austin asks me in what he imagines is a german accent . 
 he 's wearing a german helmet , probably pulled off a body found in the trench . 
 his straw-blond hair pokes out under it . 
 `` i think you 're an idiot , and someone will catch sight of your offensive headgear and put a bullet in you before you can say achtung . '' 
 his grin goes lopsided , which it does when he 's hurt . 
 `` when do you think we 'll attack ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` when the officers have drunk all the schnapps . 
 that 's basically what this war is now : a steady , determined effort to get hammered . 
 when the trench is drunk dry , god pulls his boots back on and on we go . '' 
 `` you 're very cyclical , '' austin informs me . 
 i stare at him a while . 
 `` i think you mean ` cynical . '' ' 
 `` yes , that too . 
 i 'm here to fight . 
 i did n't come all the way from toronto to sit in a hole . '' 
 `` i was told to come here , '' i tell him . 
 `` seemed sensible at the time , but i 'd like to go now . '' 
 austin looks at me , hurt . 
 and then , a whistling . 
 we 're all hidden before it hits . 
 the mortar rounds do n't cause much damage , but the trench is soon full of a dark yellowy fog . 
 `` what , are they firing fart bombs at us now ? '' 
 asks austin , taking a deep sniff . 
 `` mustard , '' he decides . 
 soldiers crawl out of their hiding places and eye each other , looking for clues . 
 no one 's sure what the germans are up to and the officers are suddenly hard to find . 
 but at least no one 's dead . 
 we go back to getting wet . 
 four hours later , the screaming starts . 
 men are pulling at their eyes , shouting that they 're going blind . 
 fierce blisters bubble up on arms , faces , shoulders . 
 men are scratching like mad , their eyelids swollen shut . 
 a panic spreads that we 've been ordered to attack and dozens of guys climb over , some not even taking their guns , and they mostly come flying back into the trench seconds later , full of holes . 
 some make it out to no man 's land before getting gunned down , left there to die long deaths . 
 officers swarm the place and pull fellows off the ladders . 
 `` gas attack ! '' 
 they shout . 
 `` stay calm , men ! '' 
 you may as well tell a waterfall to stop falling . 
 terrified , sleepless men do not calm easily . 
 the most blistered and deluded men are bundled away . 
 `` out of mind , out of sight , '' i mutter to myself . 
 i run my hands over my body . 
 no blisters . 
 no blindness . 
 things settle down . 
 the wounded are shipped back to hospitals and the rest of us are told we have nothing to fear : the gas just causes temporary problems . 
 austin slides up to me , nervous . 
 his grin is flopping down on both sides now , but he 's trying to keep it up . 
 he 's still got the german helmet on . 
 `` i think it got on me , '' he says , with an unsettling laugh . 
 `` you heard the bosses , it 's not dangerous . 
 they 'd never lie to us , '' i say , lighting a cigarette . 
 `` it 's in my eyes , '' he says , blinking . 
 `` it 'll come out . '' 
 `` i do n't want to go blind , '' he says . 
 i notice he 's dressed for battle , holding his rifle . 
 `` i ca n't face that shame . '' 
 `` what shame ? 
 escaping mass slaughter for sport alive ? '' 
 `` i ca n't go home like this ... i ca n't live a coward 's life ! '' 
 he 's breathing fast and he 's got that crazed look that comes when you decide to discount the evidence of the world entirely . 
 he 's only seeing what 's inside his head now . 
 `` i 'm going to die a hero ! '' 
 he screams , pumping his rifle up and down . 
 a couple of men watch him , wary , amused . 
 `` steady on , aussie aus , '' i tell him . 
 `` to berlin ! '' 
 he hollers . 
 with that , he 's over the top . 
 i grab at his boot heels , but he 's too fast . 
 we watch him run a few thousand yards , darting around the ghostly trees , sidestepping the shell holes . 
 german machine guns warm themselves up and shoot his body right in two . 
 the top half drops to the ground . 
 the bottom half teeters over into a muddy hole , and that 's the end of austin . 
 next dawn , we launch an attack . 
 pilckem ridge . 
 thirty-two thousand dead and we 're two thousand yards ahead . 
 we did n't make it as far as austin . 
 chapter fifteen the group of men in tattered rail uniforms huddle quietly in the centre of the destroyed north street station . 
 they smoke , talking in low voices . 
 snow falls through the broken glass ceiling . 
 krauss introduces himself , offers his hand . 
 one of the men takes it . 
 he 's older , grey eyes , stiff posture . 
 `` chief clerk michael davenport , '' the man says . 
 `` you men here at the blast ? '' 
 the men look at each other , do n't hold eyes . 
 `` i saw the crash , '' davenport admits , `` and got word what was on board . 
 i warned my men , called the other offices , and followed my instructions to leave . 
 it was not two hundred yards from here , and ready to blow . 
 but i thought it would just bruise the harbour . 
 this ... '' he says , sweeping his hand over the land , shaking his head . 
 `` lose any of your men ? '' 
 krauss asks . 
 more silence . 
 `` there was one man . 
 coleman . '' 
 krauss notes this , waits for more . 
 `` vincent coleman . 
 train dispatcher . 
 we were right in there , '' davenport says , pointing to the foundation of a little building . 
 `` talking about the fire , of course . 
 looking out at the burning ship . 
 a sailor runs by and tells us to get out , the ship 's going to blow . 
 coleman seemed to know what was coming . 
 the rest of us were watching , glad for a break from the routine . 
 but coleman , i mean , he was just desperate . 
 he was running around the streets , telling everyone to get out , scaring the children . 
 i told him to settle down . 
 i mean , even if it blew , it 'd just damage the dockyards . 
 i called the cornwallis office , told them , and then coleman and i left . 
 only ... '' davenport trails off , staring at the empty train yards . 
 krauss waits . 
 the other men busy themselves kicking the rubble . 
 `` coleman turned back , '' davenport continues . 
 `` i told him it was too dangerous , but he said there was a train due in , and it 'd be here in minutes -- and if the ship blows , hundreds more will die . 
 he started banging away on the telegraph machine . '' 
 davenport pauses for a slow drag of his cigarette . 
 `` i started up the hill , toward fort needham for a better view , and some distance , '' he says , exhaling smoke . 
 `` who knew what was in store for halifax ? '' 
 he stares out to the harbour . 
 `` coleman must 've got the message off , because the trains were stopped before rockingham . '' 
 krauss gives davenport a moment to wipe away a tear . 
 the other men shuffle , clear their throats . 
 `` and coleman ? '' 
 `` dead , '' he says , pointing to a pile of bricks . 
 `` he was in that building . 
 nothing could have survived that . '' 
 krauss tucks his notebook back in his pocket . 
 davenport finishes his cigarette , grinds it into the ground . 
 `` i 'm heading out there now , to rockingham , to see what we can do . 
 you want to come ? '' 
 krauss nods and the pair clamber into the back of a waiting wagon and start the slow ride out of the city . 
 chapter sixteen i stumble into the worsening storm . 
 the city is bright with fire , houses burning like bedouin camps , brighter than it has been in years . 
 we 've been living in blackout conditions since the war , but tonight , halifax is alight . 
 troops march past , garrison trucks race around the debris , horses pull carriages laden with corpses and the wounded . 
 women and men lift broken houses , pulling out the living and the dead and the dying . 
 the blizzard settles onto the city , its swirling whiteness dancing over the char-black ruins . 
 a family huddles in a buckled house with the windows all blown out , burning their broken home to stave off the cold . 
 some have nailed carpets across the smashed windows to block out the worst of the storm . 
 most have gone to friends and family in the south end . 
 night has changed the city . 
 the panic has abated , people too tired and beaten to continue it . 
 there 's a weariness now , slumped shoulders and dead faces . 
 the explosion lasted seconds , but the shock waves are still blasting the living . 
 i ca n't believe it 's dark . 
 i want to run down to the harbour and stare at the hole where the mont blanc was -- this reality is too big to hold . 
 i need to let it in piece by piece . 
 first , accept that the ship blew up . 
 go from there . 
 i stare at the desolate ruins disappearing under snow and do n't believe it . 
 the snow is lovely . 
 it 's a slow , wet snow . 
 it 's thick white paint on the trees , clinging to everything , wrapping around branches , filling the roads , silencing the horror , blanketing the bloody land with warm amnesia . 
 in this unreal city , lit white in the black night by the flames , snow falls fearlessly into the fires , smothering the heat , waging a relentless war it knows it will win . 
 it comes sideways into my face , coating my eyebrows , stinging tears from my eyes , sliding down my chest . 
 a wind claws my skin through the thin shirt i 'm wearing . 
 i pull myself through the accumulating beauty , my bootless foot red and aching . 
 i roam for hours , miles , centuries , running from the terrible present . 
 the day ca n't end if i 'm still awake . 
 none of this is real until i sleep . 
 i blink my eyes open and i 'm moving through a cemetery swirled in white . 
 under a heavy oak tree , a grave gapes in the ground and the snow turns a deep black . 
 i walk to the edge of the grave and the black snow blows through me , luring me deeper , erasing my existence . 
 the hole is bottomless and comfortless and i fly into it , resting , eyes closing . 
 i pull the black snow over me like a shroud and fall into oblivion . 
 `` tom ! 
 tom ! '' 
 someone grabs my shoulders and hauls me out of the snowdrift , and away from dying dreams . 
 `` tom ! 
 wake up -- you 're not dead yet ! '' 
 i 'm bundled up in big arms , carried and set down near the sweetest warmth i 've ever known . 
 i 'm icy with death . 
 the big arms embrace me , stirring life out of my lifeless limbs . 
 my name is said again and again . 
 i open my eyes . 
 `` tom ! 
 there 's work to be done , breath to be drawn . 
 do n't go out yet . '' 
 michael ryan , the giant of the sugar refinery . 
 he 's on his knees , wrapping a rough cloth around my frostbitten foot . 
 i try to pull him away from the pain , but he finishes the job . 
 i 'm sitting on a fine sofa , though it 's scorched black . 
 the right arm is cinders and i 'm squished into the left . 
 we 're in a roofless house with three walls . 
 in front of us , the dismantled dining-room table is warmly ablaze . 
 an edge of jutting ceiling shelters us . 
 ryan stands , then clutches his chest , his face twisted in pain . 
 he sways for a moment , then recovers himself and squeezes in next to me , breathing hard . 
 `` coat ? '' 
 he says , making to hand me his . 
 he 's paler than the snow in his hair , and bright blood trickles down his chin , staining his winter coat . 
 `` nnnnn , '' i say , finding my mouth frozen . 
 ryan smiles at that , opens his coat and pulls me inside with him . 
 i can feel warm blood on his chest , but i 'm not sure if it 's mine or his . 
 his breathing is uneven , like his lungs are damaged . 
 `` christ , you 're like my baby , '' he laughs . 
 `` aaaaa , '' i start , but ca n't shape my jaw . 
 `` shhh . 
 plenty of time for gabbing later . 
 right now , just focus on being alive . 
 deal ? '' 
 he asks , grinning at me . 
 i 'm having a hard time focusing on him . 
 i think he looks like an angel in the yellow glow . 
 `` closer to a devil ! '' 
 he laughs , and i realize i 've spoken aloud . 
 ryan rubs my arms and chest and i climb back into my body . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 he asks me , and suddenly i 'm starving . 
 i have n't thought about food all day , but the last thing i had was breakfast . 
 `` steak ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` steak ? '' 
 ryan breaks into a grin . 
 `` with all the trimmings , so long as all the trimmings you want are steak . '' 
 he steps to the fire and pulls a couple of hunks of meat out of a snowbank . 
 `` neat trick , eh ? '' 
 `` where on earth did you get steaks ? '' 
 i ask as he stabs them with a long branch and starts to cook them over the fire . 
 `` butcher 's down the road . 
 figured all our property is communal for the moment . 
 i 'll pay him back when things settle out , '' ryan explains , and i know he actually will . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i ask , the smell of the cooking meat filling my nostrils . 
 `` this morning ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` at the refinery , '' he says , holding onto his tough front . 
 when his first-born boy died before reaching his third month , ryan was at work the next day . 
 most of the fellows at the refinery never knew anything had happened . 
 he felt things all right , but kept them deep down inside . 
 `` i was up on the roof with everyone else , watching the burning ship . 
 there was like a hundred of us up there . 
 everyone . 
 bosses and ordinary folk . 
 such a nice morning . 
 then , i get a bad feeling . 
 ca n't explain it . 
 so i decide to walk down to the water myself , see if that makes sense of what i 'm feeling . 
 i get downstairs all right -- that 's a long walk , i can tell you -- and make it two steps before the end comes . 
 i 'm behind a little hill , and most of the blast blows up around that . 
 i got smacked in the chest with something and it knocked me out for a bit . 
 when i came to i was bleeding and dazed . 
 i looked back and the refinery is gone . 
 so i start looking for survivors . '' 
 `` you badly hurt ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says , holding his chest . 
 `` it 's mostly stopped bleeding . 
 it 's too damn cold for blood to run anyway , '' he says , making light . 
 i can see now that his blood has gone through his shirt and coat , wonder how bad he 's really hurt . 
 `` your family ? '' 
 i ask . 
 ryan has a wife and five kids . 
 when he was declared an essential worker , and thus spared the fight in europe , his wife rachel could n't stop smiling . 
 the eldest child , a girl , was seven , and able to start helping with the younger ones , but rachel was n't hopeful about her ability to feed and clothe all the kids without ryan . 
 ryan had me and evie over for dinner when i got back -- a tiny house bursting with the noise of happy children . 
 evie and i just grinned , imagining our own family . 
 `` gone , '' he says . 
 `` wife died in the house , the children died in the school . 
 found all the bodies , though , so i guess that makes me lucky . '' 
 his voice shakes and he takes a moment to get himself together . 
 we stare into the fire for a while . 
 `` you ? 
 evie ? '' 
 he eventually asks . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i left her at home , but that 's gone now , and she 's not in it . 
 at least , nowhere i could find . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' he says . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 we watch the snow . 
 `` well-done all right for you ? '' 
 he asks , inspecting the steaks . 
 `` fine . '' 
 ryan pulls one steak off and hands it to me , taking the other for himself . 
 `` sorry , cutlery is a bit basic , '' he apologizes . 
 `` water ? '' 
 he 's got melted snow in a pot . 
 i take a drink -- it 's cold and wonderful . 
 `` thanks , '' i say , biting off a chunk of my steak . 
 ryan sits back down on the sofa with me and we sit in silence , steak juice running down our chins and hands . 
 `` how were ... things , anyway ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 `` bad . '' 
 there 's nothing to say to that . 
 `` she 's a good woman . 
 she knows what you 've been through , knows you are n't ... are n't right in the head just now . 
 you 'll get better . 
 it 's like a broken leg -- just takes time to mend . '' 
 `` only it 's my head that 's broken . '' 
 `` so at least nothing important , '' he jokes . 
 i 'd like to laugh , but do n't know how . 
 ryan shifts in the awkward silence . 
 `` sorry , '' he finally says . 
 i tell him it 's fine , i just ca n't get my brain to work right now . 
 we stare into the fire . 
 `` what happened between you and your brother ... '' ryan starts , but i cut him off . 
 `` do n't tell me it 's all right . 
 it 's not . 
 it was n't , and it is n't now . '' 
 `` life is hard , '' ryan says heavily , like he 's got his own guilty secrets . 
 `` people make mistakes . '' 
 `` it was n't a mistake , '' i tell him coldly . 
 he nods , and i 'm sorry i 've spoken harshly . 
 he 's a good man , trying to ease my burden . 
 `` it 's the past now , '' i say . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 he counters , looking at me sadly . 
 i want to tell him everything . 
 but i ca n't . 
 it 's warm , and my eyes are heavy . 
 i put my head on ryan 's shoulder and fall into rough sleep . 
 wild dreams explode in my mind . 
 halifax is strewn with barbed wire and rotted corpses , germans are pressing up citadel hill and i 'm the last defender . 
 i 'm sitting in a pill box with a machine gun , buzzing down the huns , but counting the bullets as they go , knowing exactly how many i 've got left . 
 more men than bullets : i 'll lose , it 's just a question of when . 
 a man holding a torch , shouting for his family , wakes me . 
 the flames shine on his shattered face in the howling storm , the yellow glow flickering over his red cuts . 
 he screams names over and over . 
 the city is darker now , moving into the heart of the blizzard . 
 we 're all shadows . 
 ryan 's fire is out and snow drift has climbed our legs . 
 i 'm chilled through . 
 `` poor man , '' i tell ryan , watching the tormented survivor scour the ruins . 
 ryan is silent . 
 i look at him ; his face is still , blue around his light beard , his chest at peace . 
 i jump up , terrified , like he 's drowning and going to pull me under . 
 i curse and fall into the ashes of the fire , my foot damaged and unstable . 
 he 's dead . 
 like all the others . 
 like this whole city . 
 i stand , chilled to be so near death . 
 how had i slept through it ? 
 how did his final breath not sound like the final trumpet ? 
 why was n't the collapse of his life louder than the falling walls of jericho ? 
 but he 's gone . 
 not even a whimper . 
 i start off into the maelstrom . 
 i limp through the empty blackness a little way , then turn back . 
 i take ryan 's coat , his boots and socks , shaking the thick snow off them . 
 everything is too big . 
 i feel like a child . 
 i do n't know what to do with the rest of ryan . 
 he 's down to his work pants and a tired undershirt . 
 i try to pick him up , but he 's too heavy . 
 i drag him to the street , carving a long hole in the clean snow . 
 i pull him over the threshold of the ruined house and out onto the street where i stop , panting . 
 now i want him back in the house , hidden , because someone will see i 've robbed a dead man . 
 before i can act , a black horse looms out of the shadows . 
 it throws its big head back inches from mine and whinnies as the driver pulls the reins back . 
 a voice booms out of the darkness overhead : `` dead ? '' 
 i nod , then shout out , `` yes . '' 
 `` put him on . 
 i 'm going to the morgue and i got room for one more . '' 
 i ca n't see the driver 's face , just the wild eyes of his horse . 
 it 's got a bad cut on its flank ; it 's exposed , but not bleeding . 
 it snorts puffs of warm air into the frozen night . 
 i drag ryan to the back and try to lift him onto the wagon . 
 i ca n't budge him -- his heavy corpse is frozen already and my hands are numb . 
 the driver jumps down and grabs ryan 's shoulders and we wrestle him onto the wagon . 
 there must be twenty corpses stacked in there , faces frozen in fear , bodies covered in snow . 
 a loose tarpaulin rides across the top of the wagon . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 the driver asks me . 
 i do n't answer . 
 `` there 's help set up , '' he tells me . 
 `` warm places , food , somewhere to sleep . 
 i can drop you at one of the hospitals . '' 
 `` i need to find my wife , '' i explain . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` she might be there . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he looks at me steady in the eye . 
 `` chebucto road school . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 a beat of silence . 
 `` it 's been turned into a morgue . '' 
 that sits between us . 
 `` take me there , '' i tell him . 
 he nods , `` okay . 
 i 'm sorry , but there 's only room for one up front . '' 
 my turn to nod . 
 `` you 'll have to sit back here with ... '' he trails off , gesturing to the dead . 
 he gives me a boost and i clamber up , finding room to stand on the edge , clutching the wood side . 
 i avoid touching the bodies , as if death were contagious . 
 the driver hops up front , glances back at me , shakes his head . 
 `` what a world , '' he mutters , then whips the horse into motion . 
 the bodies are jolted and i have to grab one dead man by the shoulders to keep him from falling out . 
 we clatter down gottingen street and as we move south , the city claws its way out of the rubble . 
 further from the blast , the houses still stand , busted frames exposing their innards . 
 invisible fists have punched holes in their stomachs , sliced open gashes . 
 snowdrifts pile up in bedrooms and kitchens . 
 a flotsam of arms and legs and chimney pipes stick out of the clean white dust . 
 dead bodies are stacked to the side of the road , like trash awaiting collection . 
 a yellow dog is chewing on a body , snow settling on its fur . 
 the driver shouts at it , throws something . 
 the dog snarls , turns after us , barking . 
 we pull away and it disappears into the snow . 
 dull human eyes gaze up at us , seeing nothing -- lost souls searching for life . 
 there 're two kinds of living people now -- those who have found others , and those who have n't . 
 those who are left alone wander aimlessly , whole beings locked into a scream of disbelief . 
 it 's unnerving . 
 i ca n't look at those dead people . 
 an unearthly light brightens the fog of snow , speeding toward us . 
 the glowing snow terrifies my addled mind and i scream for the driver to watch out , but the wind whips my words dead . 
 the light catches us -- it 's an officer on a horse with an oil lantern hung around its neck . 
 he glances over the corpses as he passes , startled to see me alive . 
 we hold eyes like we 're passing on the river styx before he draws even with the driver . 
 they exchange words i ca n't hear and the officer kicks his horse into a gallop . 
 the blizzard consumes them both . 
 it 's a long ride through hell and i 'm relieved when we turn up north street . 
 here , it 's almost normal . 
 people stand in their windows , warm fires behind them , watching us pass . 
 you can tell the owners -- clean , composed , upset -- from their guests -- scarred and dirty survivors not grasping why they are n't home any more . 
 i glimpse a trembling woman in a ripped dress smeared with soot , standing in the middle of a pleasant living room , holding a cup of fine china , rags wrapped around her bleeding head . 
 those who have lost a little wail and cry ; those who have lost everything are silent . 
 too much grief breaks the human mind . 
 the streets full of unbroken homes now seem unreal to me . 
 surely the whole world is gone ? 
 we push through the deep snow , the sweating horse breathing heavily . 
 the wagon jolts when we bump over a snow-buried body . 
 but we 're full . 
 we do n't stop . 
 the windows of the new brick school are all kicked out , but the walls are mostly standing . 
 six wagons like ours are parked at a back door while soldiers unload a seventh , stacking the stiff corpses neatly beside a bent door heading to the basement . 
 the drivers smoke and make low talk . 
 a few civilians come and go . 
 out on the road , wagons thunder past blindly in the blizzard . 
 i jump down from the wagon , glance back at ryan . 
 i think of staying with him , helping carry him to the morgue , but give up on it . 
 let the dead worry about the dead . 
 i walk past the soldiers , following the torches down to the basement . 
 it 's a grisly scene down here . 
 a low , dark ceiling hangs over a dingy floor , lit only by a few torches and oil lamps hanging on the walls . 
 it 's damp , the concrete floor dirty . 
 stretching out among the pillars before me like small white crosses marking graves are hundreds of bodies . 
 there 's easily room for a thousand , but it 's only a fifth full . 
 it 's an orderly apocalypse . 
 rows and rows of corpses , most covered with white sheets . 
 some have little piles beside them : a girl 's body next to some school books ; a watch and keys next to an old man ; a baby next to a young woman . 
 soldiers keep bringing corpses in , dropping them on the concrete with a dull flop , leaving them to be washed and laid out in the hopes someone will be able to identify them . 
 nurses come with the white sheets . 
 others walk around with clipboards , compiling a list of the dead , noting their age , race , sex and any possessions that were found near them . 
 a woman asks if she can help me . 
 she 's maybe twenty , blond hair tied back . 
 pretty in her starched uniform , but drained by her work . 
 `` i 'm looking for my wife , '' i tell her . 
 `` name ? '' 
 i say it , and she checks her clipboard , then shakes her head . 
 my heart stops . 
 `` she 's not on my list . 
 but most of them -- '' she waves her hand over the dead . 
 `` we do n't know who they are . '' 
 i notice other people down in this hades . 
 an old man in a clean shirt and tie , leaning on his grandson , limps from one body to the next . 
 at each one they stop , and the young man pulls back the sheet . 
 the old man stoops , takes a long look , then shakes his head . 
 the boy replaces the sheet and moves on . 
 collapsed souls searching among broken bodies . 
 `` why the school ? '' 
 i ask the nurse . 
 `` the morgues were full hours ago , '' she explains . 
 `` we 've got thousands of soldiers and sailors collecting the dead and they need to bring them somewhere . 
 they learned how to prepare after the titanic went down a few years ago , and all those bodies came to halifax . 
 the man who oversaw that , he 's overseeing today 's recovery . '' 
 i nod in the gloom . 
 so that 's the scale of it : a poor man 's titanic . 
 a whole city sunk , and no lifeboats . 
 `` where do i start ? '' 
 i ask the nurse . 
 a tear sneaks down her cheek . 
 she rubs it away . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she says , and turns from me . 
 she kneels at a sheet , pulls it back , notes the details of the newly dead . 
 i stand there for a long time , watching the old man 's progress . 
 tears are running down his tired , wrinkled face . 
 he 's got eyes that have seen too much . 
 his bottom lip is quivering . 
 with each revealed body , he lets out a trembling sigh , contemplating the scarred face on behalf of humanity before signalling for the boy to cover it . 
 it 's like he 's channelling the grief of the dead . 
 his hands are shaking badly . 
 crying over the burns of one dead girl , the old man pushes the tears off his face . 
 eventually , he finds what he was hoping never to see . 
 with a sharp howl , he collapses before the grandson can catch him . 
 the old man drapes himself over a dead old woman , his body shaking with sobs . 
 the grandson tries to comfort , tries to pull his grandfather off the body . 
 he looks around , desperate for help . 
 a nurse slowly makes her way down to the trio , clipboard in hand . 
 i sigh , begin my own descent into the underworld . 
 i start where i 'm standing and move slowly down the long aisles . 
 the uncovered bodies are better , as you just glance at them and move on . 
 the ones with the sheet -- you have to kneel down , turn your heart to steel , lock up your stomach , and lift the cloth . 
 it 's like putting a pistol to your head and pulling the trigger . 
 it keeps clicking . 
 i see friends , colleagues from the refinery , cousins . 
 strangers . 
 young , old , male , female . 
 mostly sliced up bad , killed by the windows . 
 crushed by walls , burned to death . 
 killed by curiosity . 
 i manage to get to a dark corner before i throw up . 
 i apologize to an approaching nurse , humiliated , and find some rags to clean up the mess . 
 it 's the smell . 
 it 's warmer in the basement and the frozen dead are starting to thaw , filling the air with a fetid stench . 
 i 'm halfway down the first line when a body opposite me shocks the place by standing up . 
 it does it quickly , all in one motion as the sheet falls to the floor , and this bewildered corpse of a middle-aged man missing half its left leg is standing there , shivering like it 's the bottom of the arctic ocean . 
 it 's got a cloth wrapped around its head and dried blood all over its face . 
 `` whaaaaaa ! '' 
 it starts to say , but that turns into a scream . 
 it 's shaking and people are just staring at it when it falls over . 
 this breaks the spell and the nurses rush to the resurrected man , surround him in a scrum . 
 he keeps making that awful noise but the nurses soothe him . 
 `` where 's my leg ? '' 
 he screams , his arms searching for it . 
 `` what 's going on here ! '' 
 demands an army doctor suddenly on the scene . 
 the nurses clear back and the doctor kneels beside the violently convulsing man . 
 the doctor takes his pulse , as though it 's not clear if he 's alive , and shakes his head . 
 `` get him to the hospital straight away ! '' 
 he says to four soldiers . 
 they grab the sheet that the man was under and roll him onto it . 
 they lift it up like it 's a stretcher and double-time him up the stairs . 
 now it 's really quiet -- i can hear water dripping somewhere . 
 the whole basement is paralyzed , distrustful of the dead . 
 one of the nurses lets out a nervous laugh . 
 `` anybody else have something to say ? '' 
 a young soldier asks . 
 more unsettled laughter . 
 more soldiers come tromping down the stairs , carrying more dead , and hell resumes its business . 
 i find my neighbour 's family . 
 his wife 's face is cut up along the cheeks , her skin burnt . 
 two little girls in pretty yellow dresses , both with dents in the side of their heads and caked blood along their necks . 
 clothes are torn , revealing ugly scrapes , like the children were yanked out of the wreckage . 
 next to them is a man who lives two doors down , but the morgue people have them together like they 're a family . 
 i shout that they 've made a mistake , but no one listens to me . 
 i grab a nurse by the elbow and tell her they 've got it wrong . 
 `` all right , sir , there 's nothing we can do right now , '' she says , trying to pull away . 
 i tighten my grip and something scares her , and she 's shouting for help . 
 two soldiers grab me by the arms , using pressure points to get me away from her . 
 they back me up and pin me against a wall . 
 i think i 'm in trouble , but an officer comes over , dismisses them . 
 he tells me to relax , gets a nurse over , and has me tell her who the dead are . 
 but they do n't move any of the bodies . 
 i guess it does n't matter . 
 i get back to work . 
 i see a wisp of brown hair coming from the next sheet and vomit rises up my throat , but i stop it . 
 i feel drunk and i have n't slept in sixteen hours . 
 it 's her , i can see through the sheets and see evie 's face , mouth twisted into a final smile , eyes open but closed , never to see me again , never to forgive and i want to kill everyone in the morgue for leaving her here on the cold floor . 
 i fall on her screaming and sobbing and there 's a clatter of feet and the soldiers are back but not touching me . 
 i howl and pull back the sheet . 
 it 's not her . 
 it does n't look anything like her . 
 i 'm hyperventilating now , and the nurse i grabbed earlier is calming me . 
 `` is this your wife , sir ? '' 
 she keeps saying , and i 'm gasping for air , my heart thudding wildly . 
 i think i 'm having a heart attack . 
 the nurse catches my eyes , pulls me down . 
 i watch her chest , match my breathing to her lungs , and she holds my hand , stroking the back of it . 
 `` she 's in a better place , '' the nurse says , fingering the silver cross round her neck . 
 i want to protest but i 've got no air . 
 `` not mine , '' i finally manage to gasp . 
 i repeat it a few times before the nurse catches on . 
 for a second she 's angry , like i 'm wasting her short reserves of empathy , but then she gives me a tired smile . 
 `` sir , you 've looked at all of the bodies , '' she says , stroking my cheek . 
 `` your wife is n't here . 
 maybe she 's waiting for you outside . 
 try the hospitals , or with friends and family outside of richmond . '' 
 the nurse helps me stand , holds my arm as i stumble toward the stairs . 
 i climb up , leaning heavily on the banister . 
 we flatten ourselves into the side when a group of soldiers brings another body down . 
 i do n't even look at it . 
 i ca n't imagine the sun ever rising again , so i just need to keep believing evie is alive until this day ends , stopping the universe with it . 
 chapter seventeen the cold air billows into krauss as he approaches the chbucto road school that 's serving as a make-shift morgue . 
 he sees a young man emerging , pulling a thick coat around him as he steps out into the driving snow . 
 it 's coming in from all sides now , shifting with the wind . 
 hard , stinging snow pelts the man in the face and he hides behind the coat 's upturned collar . 
 the air turns and the snow is crashing down into his eyes . 
 twists of wind jab him in the head . 
 it 's a relentless boxer . 
 he ca n't escape . 
 the man 's exhausted . 
 he looks familiar . 
 krauss finally places him . 
 they were standing side by side at the pier when the ship blew up . 
 but the man has aged twenty years in a day , his pale face gaunt as though he 's been awake for months . 
 there 's a growing stack of bodies by the door . 
 five wagons wait , horses shivering , drivers huddling for a smoke while weary soldiers remove their freight . 
 it 's like they 've emptied out all the cemeteries . 
 another horse and buggy pops silently out of the snow . 
 it 's hard to hear anything but the howling wind . 
 `` excuse me , '' krauss shouts , hand on the young man 's shoulder . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he introduces himself , hand out . 
 the young man stares at it like he 's forgotten what he 's supposed to do with it , then shakes it . 
 `` tommy joyce , '' he mutters . 
 `` we were standing next to each other when the ship blew , '' the reporter reminds him , shaking his head . 
 `` and we both survived . '' 
 `` apparently , '' joyce says , restless eyes scanning the storm . 
 krauss offers the man a cigarette . 
 he takes it and they step back inside the door to light them off the torches on the wall . 
 `` what 's it like down there ? '' 
 `` hell . 
 dead people , dead dreams . 
 you 'd think there was nobody left alive in this city , '' joyce says . 
 his eyes are on the ground , staring through the concrete . 
 `` it 's crazy down there . 
 so much fuss , for the dead . 
 seems to me if we just leave them where they fell , they wo n't go anywhere . '' 
 `` who you looking for ? '' 
 asks the reporter . 
 the man sighs . 
 says something krauss ca n't make out . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 my wife . 
 evelyn . 
 i 'm looking for my wife , '' he says . 
 `` early twenties , very pretty , brown hair , '' he says , perked up now . 
 he holds jack 's eyes for the first time as he describes where he last saw her . 
 `` sorry , i have n't seen her , '' krauss tells him . 
 joyce sighs again , his eyes resuming their thousand-yard stare . 
 `` i 'm going crazy , '' he mutters , scuffing his shoes on the ground . 
 `` seeing her everywhere , nowhere . 
 i ca n't stop . '' 
 `` have you checked the hospitals ? '' 
 the reporter asks . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i ca n't think clearly . 
 my head 's all scrambled . '' 
 the reporter nods . 
 `` shell shock . '' 
 `` shell shock ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 soldiers get it , over in europe , when a shell blows up right near them . 
 it 's part concussion , part psychological . 
 there 's plenty of debate over whether it 's for real , or just an excuse to leave the frontlines . '' 
 the man stares at him , dragging on the cigarette . 
 krauss shifts uncomfortably . 
 `` that 's what i 've read , anyway , '' he says , backtracking . 
 `` a doctor i was talking to earlier today told me people here would be suffering from it just the same . 
 this is an act of war , he told me -- probably the deadliest single act in this war . 
 he 's seen plenty when he was in london helping out , but nothing like this . '' 
 `` i know about shell shock , '' joyce tells him levelly . 
 `` i 've seen plenty of good men shot dead for it . '' 
 `` shot ? '' 
 he asks , bewildered . 
 `` for cowardice . 
 men who could n't move , who could n't follow suicidal orders to go over the top and get eaten alive by german guns . 
 scared of that death , but they faced their own rifles with plenty of courage . 
 strange thing . '' 
 `` you were overseas ? '' 
 he nods . 
 the reporter pushes for more . 
 joyce just shakes his head . 
 `` that 's nothing to do with this . '' 
 they part to let soldiers carry another body through . 
 `` where you off to next ? '' 
 the reporter asks . 
 the man tries to think , taking a drag . 
 it 's warm inside , and he does n't seem eager to face the blizzard . 
 `` do n't know . 
 you publishing tomorrow ? '' 
 krauss shrugs . 
 `` not sure . 
 i filed all my early copy -- what happened , the relief effort and all that . 
 the telegraph was out most of the day , so nobody outside of halifax knows what 's going on . 
 word 'll be spreading now . 
 i 've heard that people as far away as the valley and cape breton felt the blast . 
 our presses were hit , but there 's talk of a hand-printed edition tomorrow . 
 should be back to normal by the next day . '' 
 joyce raises his eyebrows . 
 `` i mean , the paper should be back to normal , '' he says , apologizing . 
 joyce nods , letting him off the hook . 
 `` you should check the hospitals , '' krauss suggests . 
 `` or the commons . 
 the army 's set up a tent city , and there are supposed to be loads of people sleeping there tonight . 
 i 'm going back over in a bit , if you want company . '' 
 the young man shakes his head . 
 `` thanks , but if i stay here a minute longer , i think i 'll just curl up with the corpses and fall into that endless sleep . '' 
 krauss 's eyes widen . 
 joyce shakes his head again . 
 `` no , i 'm just exhausted . 
 i do n't know what i 'm doing . 
 i need to rest . 
 if evie 's dead , then so what ? 
 does n't matter what i do . 
 if she 's alive , i 'll find her . 
 i just ca n't stand still , '' he says . 
 the door opens and a soldier bursts in , carrying a body . 
 he 's surprised to see the men and starts to salute , then sees they 're civilian . 
 he drops his hand and stomps into the basement . 
 `` good luck , '' joyce tells the reporter , stepping up to the outside door . 
 `` you too , '' krauss answers , heading down to the morgue . 
 chapter eighteen i 'm rotting in an open grave , clothes soaked and gluey , a muddy rain battering my helmet . 
 i 'm scribbling on a damp piece of paper , the rusted corrugated iron above my head providing scant shelter . 
 `` dear whor -- , '' i start , but the pencil snaps and i curse , start sharpening it again with my knife . 
 i 'm down to the last inch and i have n't gotten past the greeting . 
 the rain screams on down from the dull grey sky , turning the trench into clay . 
 every step you take , the earth grabs at your feet , pulls you down . 
 it 's hungry today . 
 i 'm shaking -- from anger and from cold . 
 it 's august , and the rain has n't stopped in weeks . 
 most of the other soldiers are inside the dugout , sleeping away this misery . 
 i 'm on sentry . 
 i volunteered . 
 i ca n't be inside . 
 the shells keep banging on the roof night and day , shaking the ceiling beams , sending bursts of dirt over everything . 
 even the rats get scared , running to us for comfort . 
 at least they make for an easy dinner . 
 the lines back to the canteen keep getting broken by the bombardment and food is scarce . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 every time i lie down i fall asleep and the screens of my eyelids show my wife opening the door of my house in the night and a shadow slips into my bed . 
 my closed eyes watch evie 's infidelity in lingering detail , hear his lustful laughter , eavesdrop on her whispered promises : he means nothing to me . 
 let him slave away in europe to pay for this house -- when he comes back , we 'll change the locks . 
 i know she 's done it before . 
 i saw her . 
 last week , i was sure she was dead . 
 i had a dream where she was hit by a tram car and died slowly , while strangers watched . 
 i woke up howling and no amount of consoling would soothe me . 
 eventually , an officer punched me in the jaw , knocking me to dreamless sleep . 
 but i woke up in misery . 
 no amount of reassurances that letters from canada take time to get to europe worked . 
 i had n't heard from her in two months : because she was dead , was the only conclusion i could reach . 
 or she did n't care . 
 then i got a letter that showed she was alive -- or at least she had been , a few weeks ago -- but that just threw my broken brain down another shaft . 
 it started when george found out his wife was pregnant . 
 george has n't been near his wife in years . 
 i ca n't sleep . 
 i dig into my coat pocket and pull out her last letter , wet and scrunched up . 
 i smooth it out on my muddy leg , read it again . 
 `` dear tommy , '' she starts , then gives me an update on people back home , mixed with a few funny stories . 
 i skip to the end : i miss you ! 
 i think about you constantly , worrying about you getting hurt . 
 father mckay tells me not to fret , that it is all in god 's hands , but i wonder . 
 as you wrote in your last letter , surely his hands could pick up the guns and hide them in a mountain , if that were the case . 
 but we pass along this dark road , finding what light we can , and soon , you will be home . 
 this will be no more than a bad dream . 
 love , your evie . 
 p.s. . 
 what do you mean , am i enjoying the company of the soldiers and sailors filling halifax ? 
 they 're noisy and rude , always looking for booze and women . 
 i ignore them as best i can . 
 i snapped the pencil twice circling `` what light we can . '' 
 the letter confirmed my suspicions . 
 halifax is a boom town filled with rich men gambling on the dogs of war and handsome soldiers trading on future valour . 
 we 'd only been married a day when i shipped out . 
 i 'm nothing , a rat hired to dig holes for imperial causes . 
 i 'm ugly , covered in mud and have n't been clean in years . 
 my eyes can only stare now , not gaze sweetly into her eyes . 
 one golden smile from a tempter and i 'd lose her forever . 
 it was revealed to me in the bright light of a shell exploding on the lip of the trench . 
 she wants to be caught . 
 she wants to rub it in my face , this light she 's found . 
 maybe she 's tired of lying about who she 's lying with , and wants to show me so i 'll divorce her and she 'll have a clean slate . 
 and why not ? 
 life is dark and cold . 
 any fire will do . 
 if i had light in this hell , i 'd want to tell everyone about it . 
 i did have light . 
 i did tell everyone about her . 
 now she 's betrayed me . 
 george knows . 
 george got a letter from his wife in the last batch , too . 
 two weeks ago , he sat in a dark corner , face blackening as he read . 
 `` she 's pregnant , '' he told me . 
 i set down my tin mug of tea . 
 it was the fifth time those leaves had seen boiling water . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` i have n't touched her in two years , '' he said bitterly . 
 he curled his mouth into a nasty smile . 
 `` she says , ` i do n't know how this could have happened ! '' ' 
 he snarled , reading from the letter . 
 he continued : `` ` things are very hard here at home , and i need to feed our billy somehow . '' ' 
 he threw the letter down . 
 `` billy looks like the butcher , '' he told me . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 `` i want to survive this war , so i can go home to halifax and kill the both of them , '' he said calmly . 
 `` if the law commends me for killing all these germans who i 've got no grudge with , surely it will praise me for killing my wife and her lover . '' 
 `` it 's a hard thing , '' i told him , smug , ignorant , staring into my mug of weak tea . 
 i was thinking of evie , thinking she was dead , wondering if there are worse things than being dead . 
 george stood up and walked over to me . 
 `` do n't be so sure of your wife , '' he said . 
 i continued staring at my tea . 
 `` she 's young , very pretty , and you were only married a day when you left , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` war changes people . 
 absence makes the heart go wander . 
 sure , you 're over here dying for your country , but what 's that doing for her ? 
 it 's barely putting food on her table , and it sure as hell is n't putting anything in her bed . '' 
 i leapt from the chair , knocking the mug to the ground , and grabbed him by the throat . 
 i shoved him back against the wall and glared at him . 
 `` you keep your mouth shut about evie , '' i told him . 
 he just laughed . 
 `` she 's honest , '' i shouted at him as i threw his head back against the wall . 
 `` long may you think that , '' he said with a bitter smile . 
 now , in the rainy trench , those words are a rat eating my brain . 
 i keep seeing evie with her soldier , with a hundred soldiers , in our bed -- in my parents ' bed -- and then writing me calm letters of feigned innocence . 
 how long till my mary tells me i 'm joining joseph as father to another 's child ? 
 i put the knife away . 
 the pencil is sharp : `` i hope your light sustai -- '' i snap the pencil again . 
 i curse , throw it into the rain-bubbled i stand , squish through the mud , climb a ladder to peer over the trench . 
 the rain wrecks the field , splashing filth in place of grass . 
 there 's endless barbed wire , traps , and shell holes . 
 the australian boy is still out there . 
 i can see his bony foot sticking up out of a hole like a golf flag . 
 it 's been a month . 
 there wo n't be much left next time we do a run for bodies . 
 i always volunteer for that . 
 it 's insane : we run out in the dark , putting beating hearts at risk to haul rancid corpses out of the ground so that we can stick them in another part of the ground . 
 they send me on all the mad missions now . 
 they know i 'm dead inside and restless to make the outside match . 
 they 're tired of me waking them up with my screaming . 
 i 'm tense now , ready to go over the top . 
 sometimes , i see her touching him and i need to die , or kill . 
 it does n't matter which . 
 i want to shoot dead all the germans right now , so we can end this idiocy and i can go home . 
 maybe i should shoot all the men in my trench and convince a sane german to do the same in his trench . 
 it 'd be the same result as what we 're doing now , only quicker . 
 but i want to live and go home in a fury of righteousness . 
 this cuckolder thought he could avoid the war by staying home and warming another 's bed . 
 i 'm going to bring the war to him . 
 clay . 
 i 've been in this hole for centuries . 
 centuries of bombs , bullets and shells , while she reclines in my bed with her lover . 
 lovers . 
 centuries of starving while she eats the wages i send home . 
 centuries of celibacy while he feasts upon her daily . 
 i do n't know who he is . 
 that 's what i want to ask in this letter . 
 stop lying . 
 tell me who . 
 my cousin ? 
 one of those weakhearted men who found some reason to avoid their duty on the frontlines ? 
 all of canada 's men are here ; those left behind are n't worth the mud on our boots . 
 i know i 'm crazy . 
 chapter nineteen krauss walks down the dark street to see what relief work is being carried out . 
 the storm has dumped a foot of snow over everything , muting the horror . 
 he 's beat , running on adrenaline . 
 a patrol of soldiers stops him . 
 `` pass ? '' 
 one asks him . 
 krauss does n't understand him . 
 `` have you got a pass ? 
 only officials and residents are permitted in the disaster zone . 
 it 's too dangerous , and we 've had reports of looting , '' a stern soldier explains . 
 `` looting ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 nothing major -- a few shops ransacked , no doubt by desperate men . 
 but we 've orders to stop that . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 asks krauss , eyeing the rifles . 
 the soldier nods , proud to be seeing real action . 
 `` shoot to kill , if we need to . 
 of course , that 'd only happen if someone gives us trouble , '' he says , patting his gun . 
 krauss wonders if that 's a threat . 
 `` the room i rented , it 's in there on harvey street , '' krauss says . 
 the soldier shakes his head . 
 `` not any more . 
 everything 's gone . '' 
 `` but where am i to sleep ? '' 
 `` try the armoury , or one of the emergency shelters . 
 i hear there 's still room at rockhead . '' 
 `` the prison ? '' 
 `` aye , they 've cleared it out so folks like yourself do n't have to sleep out in the cold . 
 awfully good of the prisoners , if you ask me . '' 
 a couple of men snicker at that . 
 `` i 'll go there , '' krauss decides . 
 `` just give the disaster zone a wide berth , '' the soldier cautions , locking eyes on krauss . 
 `` it could be dangerous . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the reporter answers . 
 the patrol marches off . 
 krauss follows a cleared path along the top of richmond , pushing through the deepening snow . 
 he passes a few more patrols , and a few stunned residents sitting in the remnants of their homes . 
 it 's not clear what anyone could loot . 
 a little girl looking like a ghost in a blue dress walks toward him on the path . 
 the child stares at him , her bright blue eyes radiant in her soot-stained face . 
 krauss smiles at her , but she just stares back , unblinking . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 he asks , squatting in front of the shivering five-year-old . 
 her soft eyes stay on his . 
 she 's got a bad cut across her right cheek and dried blood mixes with the soot . 
 `` is your mother nearby ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` father ? '' 
 same reply . 
 her lip starts to tremble . 
 `` i 'm sure they 're just fine , '' he soothes . 
 `` in fact , i bet they 're looking for you right now ! '' 
 her eyes widen at this and she starts to walk off . 
 `` no , you just wait here . 
 they 'll find you . 
 who are you with ? '' 
 `` mrs. johnston , '' she whispers . 
 `` and who 's mrs. johnston ? '' 
 she 's quiet for a moment , then : `` teacher . '' 
 `` were you at school when ... this morning ? '' 
 she nods , eyes wide . 
 `` the school fell down . '' 
 `` a lot of the city fell down . 
 it was pretty scary , eh ? '' 
 more nodding . 
 `` say , it 's really late . 
 where are you going ? 
 did mrs. johnston send you somewhere ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` so where are you going ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` where 's mrs. johnston ? '' 
 the little girl bites her lip , looks back at a ruined house just off the path . 
 `` she in there ? '' 
 asks krauss . 
 the girl nods . 
 `` well , let 's go see her then , '' he says , taking her by the hand . 
 they walk into the wrecked house . 
 there 's no light , no fire -- no sign anyone 's here . 
 `` you sure this is where mrs. johnston is ? '' 
 the girl nods , pulls him by the hand . 
 a shape is slumped beneath a broken table . 
 `` she told me to wait , so i did , '' the girl whispers . 
 she looks up at krauss fearfully . 
 `` you did the right thing in going for help , '' he says , crouching by the shape . 
 it 's an old woman , stiff and cold , with caked blood on her head . 
 she 's been dead a while . 
 `` you need to get some help , '' he tells the girl . 
 `` what about mrs. johnston ? '' 
 `` she 'd -- '' the reporter catches himself . 
 `` we ca n't help her now . 
 but you need help . 
 come on , let 's find someone who can help you , '' he says , leading her out of the house . 
 they stand in the snowy night , krauss scanning the ruins and paths for soldiers or citizens . 
 no one . 
 `` hm . 
 well , there are people back that way . 
 maybe if you head down there ... '' he starts , pointing back toward the checkpoint . 
 the little girl 's eyes go wide . 
 she tightens her grip on his hand . 
 krauss looks up and down the snowy path again , and over the ruins . 
 no one . 
 `` right . 
 i guess i 'm the one who 's going to help you . 
 here , take my coat , '' he says , wrapping her in it . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` adelaide , '' she whispers . 
 `` right , adelaide , i know where we can go . '' 
 he picks her up , heads for the prison . 
 chapter twenty a fierce wind punches me in the stomach and my knees buckle . 
 i grit my teeth and wait it out . 
 when it dies off , i push through the falling chaos into the standing city , heading for the commons . 
 i 'm lost , wandering through backyards and toppled houses . 
 i ca n't see anything and i ca n't touch it , just black snow blowing through a lightless night . 
 all the fires are dead and the recovery has slowed to a near-stop . 
 buried in the blizzard around me are people who lived through the blast and escaped the fires , only to freeze to death . 
 maybe that 's the best way to go . 
 i trip over something , fall hard into broken wood . 
 my skin is so cold it seems it 'll tear right off . 
 it 's a bathtub full of ice , hanging out of a house . 
 snow 's drifted up all around it , right to the edge . 
 the woman 's still in it , her knees , head and the top of her breasts sitting out of the ice . 
 she 's slim , maybe twenty-four , strawberry blond hair tied back to keep it dry . 
 freckled face stopped in shock , her frozen hands grip the sides like she 's about to get out . 
 her shoulders are covered with snow . 
 it looks like nothing at all killed her . 
 i get up and start running , leaping over the wreckage strewn everywhere . 
 ghosts howl in the night . 
 i see their shapes without forms pulling at beams without hope . 
 those of us who still roam the dark city are hollowed out . 
 there 's nothing inside us warmer than this blizzard . 
 our hearts are gone . 
 eyes peer out of the dark night , searching through death 's kingdom . 
 i run , falling , getting up , calling for evie . 
 in the uncounted hours of the night i stumble into a drift of snow and lose consciousness . 
 evie 's whisper is warm blood in my ear . 
 i see her in ruins , trapped in an icy crypt , the cold claiming her pale skin inch by inch . 
 she 's kissing the wind , calling my name . 
 i get up and run . 
 chapter twenty-one `` where exactly was your house ? '' 
 krauss asks as they tromp through the thick snow . 
 the girl stares wide-eyed at the darkening devastation . 
 `` yeah , it 's a bit hard to tell what 's what , eh ? 
 do n't worry about it -- just tell me if you see anything familiar . '' 
 an army truck rumbles past , towing a sled . 
 the bodies are loosely covered with a sheet . 
 `` what 's wrong with those people ? '' 
 adelaide asks . 
 `` they 're sick , '' jack says , thinking quickly . 
 `` the soldiers are taking them to hospital . '' 
 `` but you said hospitals are all full , '' she says . 
 `` i guess they 'll make room for those people , '' he mumbles . 
 `` that 's my tree ! '' 
 she suddenly cries , and he 's happy the subject has changed . 
 a birch stands tall before them , somehow untouched by the blast that levelled everything else in the area . 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 `` look ! '' 
 she says , running up to it , pulling jack with her . 
 `` my initials ! 
 daddy carved them in it for me , '' she explains , pointing to the mark . 
 `` so where 's your house from here ? '' 
 she looks confused . 
 `` it 's right there , '' she says , pointing to a mound of bony snow . 
 `` but that 's not my house . 
 my house is bigger . '' 
 they 're close to the water , near the site of the explosion . 
 `` the blast wrecked a lot of things , '' jack explains . 
 `` you wait here , i 'll go have a look . '' 
 the girl nods , eyes bigger than moons . 
 leaving her at the tree , he steps into the snowy ruins . 
 kicking off the white blanket reveals the house burned after it blew up . 
 it 's mostly ash -- beds now indistinguishable from beams . 
 he digs through the wreckage , pulling up pieces while trying to think of what he 'll do if he finds anything human . 
 he finds nothing , heads back to the girl , but she 's focused on something else . 
 `` what 's wrong with those people ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` which people ? '' 
 `` them , '' she says , pointing . 
 `` oh , '' he says , stumbling for words . 
 `` they 're not moving . 
 they look very cold , '' she says . 
 jack takes her hand , trying to pull her away from the stacked corpses . 
 she 's strong , though , and stubborn . 
 `` they , um , they are n't feeling very well , '' he says . 
 `` so they 're sleeping . '' 
 the girl turns her head to look at them . 
 `` they 're very still . '' 
 the bodies have almost disappeared beneath the storm when the girl shouts out , `` mummy ! '' 
 she drops jack 's hand , runs to the bodies . 
 he grabs for her but she 's too fast . 
 `` mummy ! '' 
 she screams , falling on the body . 
 the little girl cradles the head of the frozen woman . 
 she tries to lift it onto her lap , but it 's stiff , stuck to the ground . 
 she keeps screaming , `` mummy , mummy ! '' 
 and jack stands there like a fool . 
 he pats the girl on the back , but she does n't feel him . 
 she 's kissing her mother , whispering to her that it 's all right , everything 's fine , tears streaming down her face . 
 the dead woman 's head is tipped back , exposing her throat . 
 she 's in her late twenties , and has a lived-in face that 's reaching out to forty . 
 her arms are crossed over her chest , same as all the other bodies in the stack . 
 her eyes are closed , her features peaceful . 
 the ice around the left temple is tinged with red , revealing the fatal wound . 
 jack tries to pull adelaide off , but the girl resists fiercely , kicking him till he lets go . 
 `` she 's gone , '' he says , but the girl 's sobbing drowns him out . 
 looking up and down the street , he tries to calm the girl . 
 `` there 's nothing we can do now , '' he says softly . 
 `` let 's go find some soldiers and tell them where she is . 
 they can come get her , take her some place ... appropriate . '' 
 the girl hears none of it . 
 her sobbing and screaming rattle jack . 
 `` shh , shh , '' he tries , patting her again . 
 `` it 'll be all right . '' 
 the girl screams on , howling like the storm has gone inside her . 
 jack lets out a sigh that hitches up his chest . 
 he closes his eyes , sits down heavily next to the girl , trying not to look at the bodies , their deadness suddenly unbearable . 
 the snow swirls in from all directions as the wind dances around , covering and uncovering the dead . 
 jack drops his head into his hands , driving fists into his eyes . 
 he feels a moisture on his skin and pulls his hands away , cursing himself for opening up his cut again . 
 his hands are clean . 
 `` tears , '' he mutters , staring at his bloodless fists . 
 he laughs at himself , but the laugh twists into a sob . 
 `` tears , '' he repeats , and they come . 
 chapter twenty-two the destruction fades away and i 'm running in an open field . 
 it 's liberating to be free from the containers of death that litter the north end and i sprint through the whiteness , arctic air cutting up my lungs . 
 my scarf is frozen solid and decorated with icy teeth . 
 ryan 's boots feel like two stones tied to my feet . 
 the blizzard is everywhere , pouring snow like sand down my coat , into my boots and through the holes in my pants . 
 i crash into a wall and push it down to the ground . 
 it collapses around me , capturing me like a bug in a spider 's web , wrapping me tighter as i struggle . 
 i slow myself , control my breathing , feel my pounding heart ease . 
 i sit up . 
 it 's a little white tent , teepee-style , made from thick canvas . 
 i pull myself out of it and see others , stable whiteness in the swirling storm . 
 i fight the urge to lie down and sleep -- already , snow is covering me and it would bury me alive within an hour . 
 there are tents everywhere . 
 army tents . 
 i make a path between them through the heavy snow , trying to work out where i am . 
 i spot a brightness in the storm and walk to it . 
 the undefeatable armoury looms out of the clouds of snow with regal confidence . 
 it 's not even lost a brick . 
 the faux castle that serves as the army headquarters is a blaze of activity , with trucks rolling through its front doors and soldiers marching double time . 
 a steady stream of wounded is still being carried inside . 
 when the wind twists the snow , i can make out the darkness of citadel hill . 
 there 's a hospital tent set up on the commons , just across from the armoury . 
 i walk through the open flap . 
 my breathing shortens , my chest constricts . 
 cots form lines on either side of the open space . 
 doctors and nurses tend to the broken bodies , but there are not many people here . 
 only those who could n't demand a more solid hospital . 
 the wind pounds on the side of the tent , billowing it in . 
 i walk nervously down the aisles . 
 it 's strange to be among people again , in such an orderly place . 
 i glance at the faces . 
 the faces glance back at me . 
 i 've seen this on the front lines and can tell who will see another morning , and who wo n't . 
 no one i know . 
 no evie . 
 i slip back out the flaps and find a young soldier stamping his feet . 
 he tugs his great coat tight around him , using the collar to shelter a match to light a cigarette . 
 `` want one , sir ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod . 
 he lights it and hands it to me . 
 `` who you looking for ? '' 
 he asks , taking a drag . 
 `` my wife . 
 how 'd you know i was looking for someone ? '' 
 `` saw you dart in , dart out . 
 you looked like you 're afraid of what you might find . '' 
 i reflect on that for a moment . 
 `` what are the empty tents for ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` it 's for people to sleep in . 
 we set ’em up this afternoon , after we 'd done all the digging we could do . 
 brass figured there 'd be lots of homeless people tonight . 
 we 've packed as many into the armoury as possible , but we 've had to turn plenty away . 
 there 's food and drink , but no more room at the inn . '' 
 `` so why do n't they sleep in the tents ? 
 warmer than nothing . '' 
 `` do n't know , sir . 
 a few people took one look at the tents and said ` uh-uh , too flimsy . ' 
 they 'd just seen their solid homes blown to bits , and seen plenty of people trapped in ’em burn to death or suffocate , and i guess they did n't want to chance it again . '' 
 `` but there 's no chance of a further blast , right ? 
 the munitions have gone into the sea , '' i tell him . 
 he nods . 
 `` that 's true , sir , but people ai n't thinking clearly tonight . 
 all that they thought was safe has proved wrong , so they ai n't sure what to trust . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` you look familiar . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 i tell him . 
 `` any relation to adam joyce ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` he was my brother . '' 
 the soldier brightens . 
 `` your brother is a great man ! 
 he trained me up before he went over . 
 promised to save a seat for me in berlin , '' he says , smiling at the memory . 
 `` how is adam ? '' 
 i let out a deep sigh . 
 i 've been alive for lonely centuries . 
 my eyes are heavy and i just want to lie down . 
 `` woh ! 
 steady , sir , '' the soldier says , grabbing me before i hit the ground . 
 he stands me on my feet , then picks his cigarette out of the snow . 
 `` you should lie down , sir . 
 your wife is probably someplace warm now , having a nice snooze , and she would n't want you doing something foolish like collapsing in a snowdrift and freezing to death , when you could just as easily rest up in one of them tents . 
 you 'll find her in the morning . 
 in fact , if adam 's here , i bet he 's found her already , and the two of them are waiting for you . '' 
 `` adam 's dead , '' i tell him . 
 `` oh , '' he says , shaken . 
 people still think this war does n't kill heroes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i nod . 
 he leads me through the foot-and-a-half of clean snow covering the commons , through the hundreds of tents . 
 we pass a few families , poor people who had no south-end friends and whose relatives are all gone . 
 i can see their silhouettes painted black on the white walls . 
 the slumped figures huddle together . 
 the young soldier opens a tent for me and i fall into it . 
 it 's got a canvas floor , a cot and an oil stove . 
 he says something i do n't hear and sets to lighting the stove . 
 i try to help him but it 's like i 'm drunk . 
 he 's got a nice heat coming off the stove and he drops a thick army blanket on me . 
 `` mind you do n't knock the fire over , '' he warns . 
 i nod and he leaves . 
 the blackness of the night comes over me and i 'm losing consciousness before he 's gone . 
 i pull ryan 's coat tight , but ca n't stop shaking . 
 a moan slips out of me . 
 evie . 
 i put my love on the wind , and hope it carries it to her living ear . 
 chapter twenty-three a group of soldiers comes through , collecting bodies . 
 when the corpse crew reaches for adelaide 's mother , the girl screams and attacks them . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 one shouts , pushing her down . 
 he 's exhausted , angry to have a hard job made harder . 
 night is falling faster than the snow . 
 krauss steps in . 
 `` look , it 's her mother . 
 just leave it for now , '' he tells the soldier . 
 `` i 'm only following orders , mister -- and we 've got to clear all the bodies from this area . 
 we ca n't wait for everyone to finish grieving . '' 
 `` just ... just give her a few minutes . 
 start with those bodies , '' he says , pointing to the far end . 
 `` all the same to me , '' the soldier answers , shrugging . 
 when they get to adelaide 's mother , jack coaxes her off . 
 she stands clutching him as they load her mother onto the sled -- at least they manage to do that with some decency . 
 when the wagon pulls off , she runs after it , chasing it until she trips over a stray beam , sending her flying into the nails and splinters of a dead house . 
 `` adelaide ! '' 
 screams jack . 
 he picks the girl up off the rubble but she 's bleeding bad , red staining the white snow . 
 she 's moaning , calling for her mother , growing paler by the second . 
 `` it 'll be all right , '' jack whispers , hoping that it will . 
 chapter twenty-four a shell slams into the ground above the hole , blowing a chunk of mud up into the dark night . 
 it splashes down on me , drowning my scream . 
 i 'm wide awake now , hyperventilating and desperate to escape . 
 `` you all right , mate ? '' 
 i ask austin , grabbing his upper-half by his uniform 's lapels and shaking his bloated body . 
 `` that one did n't get you , eh ? '' 
 silence . 
 still dead . 
 `` never mind , austin -- we 'll get you out of here soon , '' i reassure him . 
 the mud and endless rain , plus the rats and mortar rounds , have done damage to the pretty boy 's bisected body . 
 his left eye got chewed out before i could chase off the rat , but his right eye still glares blankly up into the rain . 
 at least i saved that . 
 his bones stretch his yellow skin taut , poking out in places , and his torso 's bloated and blue . 
 the bottom of his gaping stomach and the top of his hips are a grisly sight , but i 've covered most of the bones and guts with his uniform . 
 his face is all puffed up , so his lips hide down into a dark pit . 
 his skin 's a soggy paper bag holding his guts together . 
 it 's not much of a bag , and it 's got a huge hole in the bottom , but it 's the only one around . 
 i 'm terrified he 's going to pop . 
 `` how would i take you home to your mother if you blow this bone bag ? '' 
 i ask him , staring at his eye . 
 `` you got to keep it together , man . 
 well , in no more than two parts anyway . '' 
 i giggle at that . 
 lightning dances behind the thick grey wall of clouds . 
 a lazy crack of thunder rumbles across the sky . 
 there 's a hole in the clouds , and i watch the one star that 's awake glide across the sky . 
 the rain thickens so it 's a mist , not falling but turning the air into ocean . 
 no more shells . 
 that one must 've fallen short , but who can say which way ? 
 the germans shooting at the canadians , or the canadians attacking the germans ? 
 no difference here in no man 's land . 
 well , two men 's land . 
 this is a space outside of humanity , a zone for the unaffiliated . 
 this is where peace lives , this is what peace looks like now . 
 i wipe as much mud off austin 's face as i can and crawl over to my side of the hole . 
 it 's deep -- five feet before you even hit the water , and i do n't know how far down the water goes . 
 it rises and falls with the rain . 
 austin and i are perched on the sides of the crater . 
 i set his upper body there first , then went diving to find his legs , and carefully added them . 
 we 've each got our own ledge , so we can sleep at night . 
 it 's hard to sleep when the water 's rising and the shells keep dropping out of the sky . 
 you ca n't trust the emptiness to stay empty . 
 i keep hearing the kettle-whistle of the shells when i sleep , and i 'm trying to run before i 'm even awake . 
 a couple of times i 've woken up in the cold water , clawing at the slippery side only to find it 's quicksand . 
 so far , i 've managed to get out . 
 austin and i 've been in this hole for a week now . 
 well , he 's been here longer , but i only joined him a week ago . 
 i think it 's been a week . 
 at the start , i marked the sunsets on the mud wall , but the rain kept erasing my tally . 
 i 've been piling up rocks , but i keep getting confused , and the sun does n't set in the rain , the darkness just darkens . 
 `` i 'm going up to have a look , '' i tell austin . 
 `` you wait here . '' 
 on my side of the crater , i can stand on my ledge and peer over the edge , not that that helps much . 
 it 's dark and i can see the front lines off in either direction , but that does n't tell me which side austin and i should run to . 
 the war went extra crazy for a bit and i lost track of sides . 
 when things settled down , i was a disoriented diver trying to work out which way the bubbles were floating . 
 i have n't worked it out yet , and i 'm pretty sure if i stood up on the field , both trenches would have a fair go at killing me . 
 the rain has n't stopped in days . 
 my clothes are going moldy . 
 i 'm going moldy . 
 i 've got mud up my nose , in my ears , under my fingernails . 
 my feet are turning to clay . 
 i wo n't take my boots off . 
 i do n't want to see that . 
 the hole stinks of me , the mud and the rotting corpse of austin . 
 we 've been here forever . 
 george and i did a body run during a lull in the shelling a few centuries back . 
 grabbed four guys and dragged them home before coming back for austin . 
 george said no , it 's too far out and we 'll never find him in the black night , but i ran off to austin 's hole and george followed . 
 i found his torso and george stood at the top of the crater while i went down for his legs . 
 george stooped over to grab austin 's feet and haul him out when a shell landed on his head . 
 that was the end of george , and me and austin 's legs got blown down the hole . 
 i nearly drowned in the water , then nearly drowned again diving for the legs . 
 i found a set that did n't belong to him and left them behind . 
 found his , scrambled out of the hole and grabbed his torso . 
 the shells were coming down in a hard rain by then , so i buried me and all of austin in the mud on the side of the hole . 
 the bombing went on for hours , pounding the hell out of the canadian trench . 
 i fell asleep a couple of times , or maybe lost consciousness . 
 when i was awake , i watched the zeppelin clouds wander across the sky . 
 bullets slipped through the air . 
 shells shook the ground . 
 then it stopped , and hell came sprinting out of the german trenches . 
 we kept buried . 
 peering through my mud blankets , i tracked the soldiers leaping over me , but lost count somewhere around eight hundred . 
 we were n't far from the trench and heard the squealing as the germans put the bayonets in the canadians , and the canadians fought back with knives , pans , bayonets and their bare hands . 
 the two warring nations dissolved into a thousand highly personal fights . 
 when you sign up , it 's for king and country . 
 when you get to the front lines , it 's for your mates . 
 when you 've got a bayonet at your throat , it 's for your life . 
 i lay there screaming and crying and hugging austin while the germans murdered everyone . 
 things got quiet at night . 
 the rain stopped , and a big moon rose up , scaring the shit out of me . 
 i wanted blackness , invisibility . 
 shaking badly and covered in my own vomit , i peered over the edge of the hole and found myself staring at the back of a german soldier 's head . 
 he was smoking a cigarette , looking at the stars . 
 i jumped down before he could see me . 
 the rain returned in the middle of the night . 
 they slept in the conquered canadian trench that night and the next , then took the assault deeper . 
 things went quiet for a while for me and austin . 
 we could hear the fighting off in the distance and the lines started to move up . 
 soldiers hauled big guns right past me , but i was hibernating deep in the mud . 
 i wondered what i 'd do if the rain ever stopped and the land got hard . 
 i put austin back on his ledge . 
 i wondered if i should get out , grab austin and start running . 
 i was n't canadian any more , and being a prisoner of war sounded about the same as being a soldier of war . 
 but when i stuck my gopher head out of the hole , i could n't see anyone anywhere . 
 i crawled out and stood up , but there was no one to kill or claim me . 
 something must 've gone wrong with the advance . 
 all around me were dead people , barren trees and muddy holes . 
 all that was left of george was helmet and medals . 
 `` so much for revenge , '' i said to him , kneeling by him . 
 `` maybe the butcher will take care of your boy now . 
 `` wonder what evie 'll say . 
 it was an accident ? 
 a mistake that 'll never happen again ? 
 maybe she 's taking precautions , so her belly wo n't swell up with a lie . 
 maybe -- '' a bullet ripped through my right arm , just above the elbow , and exited into the mud . 
 i screamed , looked ahead : hell was returning . 
 over the misty land , thousands of boots stomped up a mud storm in a broken retreat . 
 i jumped back in the hole with austin , tunnelling into the side . 
 the thunder of feet made the ground tremble and soon enough soldiers went flying over me , heading back to the old german front lines . 
 they were cursing and shouting in german . 
 it 's an ugly language , i thought to myself . 
 the retreat passed over me and austin , and the germans settled back into their side . 
 the canadians retook their trench . 
 now i 'm stuck in the middle with austin . 
 i drink the mud and ate a raw rat yesterday that i snatched off austin 's face and then beat to death on a rock . 
 it just made me throw up , though , and i ca n't afford to do that , so it 's no food at all for me . 
 my brain is lost in a thick fog . 
 i 'm starving and going mad with the lack of sleep . 
 i want to sleep but unfaithful evie 's painted in red on the insides of my eyeballs . 
 i lay on my mud ledge , drape an arm over my eyes to ward off the rain , dreaming of sleep . 
 i close my eyes only to emerge in my own bedroom , watching evie and her lover . 
 it 's quiet and dry . 
 the north end of halifax slumbers outside our little house . 
 evie 's smiling , not sad at all . 
 he 's handsome and heroic , an american sailor on shore leave . 
 he 's lying on his right side , his left hand stroking her cheek . 
 she 's smiling . 
 i 'm screaming , eyes bulging and i dive on the bed . 
 i grab him but my arms go right through him . 
 i punch , but it flies through his head . 
 i 'm a mist attacking stone . 
 he 's too solid for me to hurt , so i wail and cry and rant . 
 i wake up screaming and drowning and decide it 's time to go home . 
 i clamber out of the rank water and hoist austin 's two halves over my shoulders and go over the top , shouting that i 'm canadian . 
 `` do n't shoot ! 
 do n't shoot ! '' 
 i yell , hands up and empty as we stagger to the nearest trench , hoping it 's not german . 
 austin weighs a ton , and his legs keep slipping off my shoulder . 
 a crackle of cocked guns snarls at us over the trench . 
 i can see cigarette butts glowing , and flickers of oil lamps as men leave the dugouts to see what 's happening . 
 `` where the hell 've you come from ? '' 
 a man i do n't know asks me , peering suspiciously over the edge . 
 `` exactly there , '' i tell him , kneeling down at the edge of the trench . 
 there 're a lot of guns pointed at me , but what 's another bullet between friends ? 
 i start to crawl into the trench . 
 `` do n't bring that thing in here ! '' 
 the new face shouts as i hand him the two halves of austin . 
 `` it 's all the same , '' i tell him , sliding down myself . 
 `` he just got dead a little quicker than you and me . '' 
 the new face drops austin 's rotting remains on the muddy floor . 
 i pick them up , hold him next to me . 
 `` who are you guys ? '' 
 i ask . 
 we exchange names ; i forget his instantly . 
 he tells me his regiment . 
 i ask about mine . 
 `` all dead , '' he says . 
 `` all ? '' 
 `` all . 
 except you , apparently , '' he adds . 
 `` what happened to them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` they got killed , '' he explains . 
 i 'm too out of it to get angry . 
 he goes on : `` the germans killed ’em all on the advance , then pressed deeper down our lines , but someone screwed up in the rear and a gap opened between their front lines and rear lines . 
 they started to run short on ammo and food , so we counterattacked and drove them back to their side . '' 
 `` how much did that cost ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he cocks an eyebrow . 
 `` money ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` bodies , '' i answer . 
 hr shrugs . 
 lights a cigarette , offering me one . 
 we stand there smoking a while . 
 most of the boys have gone back into the dugouts . 
 it 's still raining . 
 `` say , you any relation to adam joyce ? '' 
 he asks , shyly . 
 `` nope . 
 never heard of him . '' 
 `` oh , '' he says , disappointed . 
 `` i heard he was a great soldier . 
 say , do you want to put that somewhere ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i look at austin . 
 i 've got my right arm holding his torso under the armpits and my left arm holding his legs around the feet . 
 `` where ? '' 
 the soldier nods to the far end of the trench . 
 `` there 's a collapsed dugout there . 
 a shell knocked it in two nights ago . 
 there 's a pile of bodies in there , but we have n't had time to do anything with them yet . '' 
 `` so i should just leave him there ? '' 
 `` maybe he 'll make some new friends . '' 
 that makes as much sense as anything else . 
 i carry austin down . 
 there 's some space cleared in the collapsed dugout , probably in an effort to rescue the doomed men . 
 a few bodies are piled up , but most just play hide and seek in the ruins . 
 i carry austin to the pile and lay him down carefully , top and bottom aligned . 
 if the resurrection comes , i want him to know where his legs are straight away . 
 `` see , buddy ? 
 i told you i 'd get you to safety . 
 you just wait here , and we 'll have you in a nice cozy grave before you know it , '' i tell him . 
 i stand for a moment , looking through the holes in his face . 
 sigh . 
 head back out into the rain and down to new face . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he looks at me like i 'm an idiot . 
 `` now we wait , '' he says . 
 chapter twenty-five london 's dark and dirty , the dim skies oozing rain . 
 the boys from the hospice have gone out for a night on the town and i said i 'd join them , but here i am , wandering strange streets , feeling too busted open to be inside . 
 cars and horses speed past , splashing through the puddles . 
 we 're all going home , and most of us are happy with that , though we all feel vaguely guilty about leaving our comrades alone at the front . 
 i do n't care about that anymore . 
 i 'm done with fighting . 
 a young woman inside a house walks past a window , catching my eye . 
 i stop and look in . 
 it 's a pretty scene through the big window at the front of the stone walk-up . 
 the woman 's holding a baby while lecturing a little girl and boy who are grinning up at her . 
 the boy looks like he 's being chastised and he tries to hang his head in shame , but everyone 's on the verge of laughter . 
 the mother 's sideways to me , and she 's wagging her finger , trying hard to keep a serious face . 
 the boy nods and nods , puts on a show of teary repentance -- and then plants a big wet kiss on his sister 's cheek . 
 she squeals , tries to rub it off , then turns on him . 
 he spins on his heel and runs , laughing as she swings at him . 
 the mother rolls her eyes , shakes her head and tries not to laugh . 
 the children run out of the living room and the mother starts to follow , but instead just shouts and turns her attention to the baby . 
 she smiles like the sun coming over the horizon , starts singing to the infant in her arms . 
 a truck flies past , soaking me with cold water . 
 i shiver , think how angry the nurses will be with me if i catch cold . 
 think that with the blackout , this woman should 've closed the curtains a while ago . 
 the rest of the street is dark . 
 she must 've had the same thought -- she sets the baby in its crib and walks to the window , arms spread wide to grab both sides of the curtains . 
 just before she closes them , she glances out . 
 sees me standing like a fool in the rain . 
 i stare back at her for too long , then remember myself and turn away . 
 after a few steps i glance back over my shoulder . 
 she 's still standing there . 
 smiles at me . 
 gives a little wave . 
 i turn and walk off , thinking of evie . 
 i think : only death is too late . 
 so she 's read the letter by now , she knows what i 've been reduced to , knows i 'm half the man my brother was . 
 so she hates me for hating her . 
 so i 've ruined everything we risked everything for . 
 that 's not the end . 
 so long as we 're alive , it 's never the end . 
 chapter twenty-six the prow of the battleship cuts through the choppy white waves of the atlantic as the jittery crew scan the dim horizons for threats . 
 we all expect death to join us , erupting out of the water in the form of a u-boat . 
 a dozen ships have been sunk this week , and it 's only wednesday . 
 the dazzle paint makes the ship look like a zebra . 
 it 's supposed to confuse the hun , but somehow a grey to match the air and water would make me feel less like a hunk of meat floating along , waiting to be eaten by a sea wolf from berlin . 
 i 'm starting to think our painter is in the pay of the germans . 
 i 'm standing at the front edge of the bow , the cold air finding holes in my trench coat . 
 i pull it tighter , collar up , tug my hat down . 
 i ca n't get enough of the fresh air so i 'm on the deck all the time , apart from eating and sleeping . 
 the other wounded soldiers coming home think i 'm nuts , but my nose is rotten with the stench of mud and decomposing flesh . 
 this ocean air is so clean . 
 i want it to purify my whole body . 
 we 're outriders for this convoy , sailing on the edge because we 're fast and full of guns . 
 dozens of pokey merchant ships huddle together inside our circled wagons as we cross the ocean as fast as our slowest vessel will let us . 
 a lot of the boys resent that , say we 're like a bunch of women clinging together in fear . 
 the brass only started convoys recently -- so many merchant ships had been sunk , they finally had to take action . 
 that meant convoys -- and that means lying up in port for days , waiting for enough ships to gather , and it means vessels like the one i 'm on have to put themselves at risk to deter invisible enemies . 
 what do i care . 
 three days down , three to go . 
 then what ? 
 halifax , and evie . 
 i ca n't run from the ghost anymore . 
 evie and i have to face up to what we 've done . 
 the ghost needs to be exhumed , then given a proper burial . 
 i do n't know if she got the last letter i sent . 
 i hope not . 
 the day after i brought austin home , i woke up with a throbbing elbow . 
 i peeled off the muddy , bloody sleeve and found a pusridden bullet hole right through the bone . 
 apparently , i woke up screaming , too , but i guess that was such a normal thing for me then that i did n't notice . 
 the other guys did , though , and came running . 
 they 'd heard about me , all right , how i 'd spent a week in a grave with a corpse , and how my brain was n't right . 
 there were rumours i was a coward -- that i 'd spent the week hiding in a hole with austin to avoid the fighting . 
 that seemed like such a sensible explanation that i wanted to accept it , only that 'd likely get me shot for dereliction of duty . 
 duty being to get bayoneted to death with the others . 
 i thought about playing up the crazy angle , but guess i did n't need to . 
 the new officers at the front could see i was corrupted , and they did n't want me around the fresh flesh . 
 i was too terrifying a reminder of death -- the only man alive from the previous inhabitants of that trench . 
 those were n't good odds . 
 the officers were looking for any excuse to be rid of me and when they saw the bullet wound , they were very happy . 
 they found other holes in my legs , and i had a hard time putting weight on my knee . 
 seems the fleeing germans had decent aim . 
 `` son , i do n't even care if those bullets came from your very own gun -- you 've just bought yourself a ticket home , '' a muscular corporal with a thick moustache told me , smirking like we had a secret . 
 i protested half-heartedly that i 'd never shoot myself , that i was no coward , even though i knew i was . 
 faced with murdering strangers or being murdered by strangers , cowardice seemed a sensible option in this war . 
 i thought about explaining that to the officer , but did n't think he 'd see things the same way . 
 `` maybe you fell out with your friend , and he shot you ? '' 
 the moustached officer goaded . 
 i let it go . 
 i was ready to go home . 
 it was n't my war anymore . 
 standing in the trench , soothed by the return of routine , my mind settled down . 
 i realized that evie had n't been cheating on me -- she was n't that kind of girl . 
 not at heart . 
 but she was the kind of girl to be mortally offended by the muck i 'd scrawled on the last letter i sent her . 
 i called her a tramp , a trollop , and words i hoped she did n't know . 
 i described what i had seen her doing to her lovers , scenes i had forgotten had only occurred in my addled brain . 
 then started the letter on the long journey to that other land called home . 
 i had n't seen her in two long years , after only one short day of marriage , and hoped she would n't be at the pier to greet me . 
 i was ashamed of myself , of the scared , violent animal that i had become . 
 what could i do in a city ? 
 i 'd been living in the wild for two years -- putting me in a house would be like offering a bed to a bull . 
 the only times my hands touched human flesh these days was to kill it , or drag the corpse elsewhere . 
 how could i hold my wife with those hands ? 
 how could i kiss her with lips greasy with the taste of death ? 
 i dreamed about her eyes , but i 'd never be able to look in them again . 
 the man she 'd married was dead , and i was just bringing the body home for burial . 
 i let the other soldiers snicker and drag my name through the mud . 
 they called me a traitor to my face . 
 a coward . 
 a madman . 
 fine . 
 they could have their war -- i wanted some peace . 
 not the grand peace brokered by powerful leaders in international summits ; just the little peace of love . 
 so i told them a truth -- i 'd been shot by the retreating germans , after having got stuck in no man 's land on a body run . 
 they did n't ask any more about austin and i did n't explain . 
 after that , things moved fast . 
 i was carted from field hospital to field hospital , farther and farther from war . 
 the disaster of the frontlines was replaced by the civility of france , then a short boat ride across the channel to england . 
 most of the walking wounded walked right into piccadilly circus 's pubs and the welcoming arms of the love-starved london ladies , but i holed up in my dark room . 
 after a week i was put on this warship , heading for halifax . 
 lucky me -- some of the guys were heading for british columbia and had a week or more on the train to look forward to . 
 unlucky me . 
 as the ship pulled the atlantic underneath it , clawing us closer to home , i saw u-boats everywhere . 
 in the middle of the night , i saw one rise out of the water right beside us , the water peeling away like skin from its black bones . 
 i saw the periscope train on us . 
 heard the torpedoes click into the firing tubes . 
 i did n't say a word . 
 i glanced up at the sentries , but they had n't seen it . 
 my ancient face started to smile , imagining the red-hot flames eating me up on top of the ice-cold ocean . 
 i would n't fight . 
 i would n't cling to the wreckage any more . 
 i 'd close my eyes and slide peacefully into the ocean 's oblivion . 
 a side wind jolted me , splashing cold water across my face . 
 i staggered against the railing , nearly going over but managing to right myself . 
 i looked back into the dark waters . 
 no u-boat . 
 no death . 
 i held my breath . 
 the torpedoes never came . 
 chapter twenty-seven evie 's married , but her husband 's off fighting the war . 
 she 's alone in their house on rector street and the long months of his absence erode her resolve . 
 he has n't written her in weeks , she does n't know if he 's dead or alive . 
 food is scarce and money 's tight . 
 her husband 's salary buys some things , but it 's running thin . 
 it 's cold . 
 winter slips its icy fingers into her bed . 
 she tosses and turns , shivers and shakes , but she ca n't escape the sleeplessness . 
 she piles all the blankets on top of her , feels better under their weight , but it 's not enough . 
 thin moonlight passes through the tattered curtains and falls on her bed . 
 the curtains of her husband 's parents . 
 the bed of her husband 's parents . 
 she must remind herself of these things . 
 she wonders if her lover will come tonight . 
 if she 'll resist him . 
 she 's no longer sure she wants to . 
 footsteps in the hall . 
 evie smiles a troubled smile and her heart starts jumping . 
 her body tingles . 
 she smoothes her hair , wipes the sleep out of her eyes . 
 the bedroom door creaks slowly open . 
 he stands in the room , gazing at her in the moonlight . 
 he wants her so badly , his throat 's dry , his breath 's shaky . 
 he knows it 's wrong . 
 he knows he 's a coward , stealing a man 's wife as he fights for their country . 
 does n't matter . 
 nothing matters but what he feels for her . 
 days of brushing against each other , eyes filled with desire . 
 late-night conversations sitting opposite each other , knees touching then parting , hands grazing hands . 
 fingers touching fingers . 
 he saw her bathing . 
 singing as she spread the soap over her body , rinsing herself with the steaming water . 
 rising . 
 he crosses the room and stands in the light of the moon . 
 she looks up at him , his face in shadows , and smiles . 
 pulls back the sheets to reveal her body . 
 she knew he would come . 
 he pulls off his clothes , throwing them to the floor . 
 he stands before her naked , trembling in the cold . 
 last chance . 
 she smiles , inclines her neck to show the empty space in her bed . 
 the pale light falls on her perfect skin . 
 he falls into her , hands finding her body , mouth finding her mouth . 
 her hair is dark against the white sheets and moonlight . 
 he whispers her name , she moans his . 
 the night sky is invaded by clouds . 
 they steal the stars one by one , and capture the moon . 
 the city is left in darkness . 
 water falls from the clouds , hits the cold air and turns into snow . 
 big , clumsy flakes tumble down , crashing silently into rooftops , streets and fields . 
 winds swoop down and pick up the old snow off the roofs , tossing it into the air like confetti . 
 evie clutches her lover , crying with joy and sorrow . 
 he 's panting , collapsed on top of her . 
 she ca n't imagine the future , when her husband comes home . 
 she loves him deeply , but loves this man , too . 
 they are her twin lovers , her night and day . 
 her lover 's back is bleeding . 
 her fingernails have cut him , and the red smears against the white sheets . 
 her wedding sheets . 
 he kisses her shoulder , lost in ecstasy , slowly floating down . 
 he says her name again and again . 
 it 's an incantation , a prayer finally answered . 
 she holds her lover gently , lifts his head so their eyes meet . 
 `` what have we done ? '' 
 she asks , tears running down her face . 
 he sighs , and her heart feels dangerously full . 
 she runs her hands through his hair . 
 the time of innocence is over . 
 now begins the time of secrets , of divided hearts . 
 she thinks of her husband , sleeping in the ground under rainy european skies , and her soul aches . 
 she kisses her lover . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i love you too , evie . '' 
 chapter twenty-eight i want evie the first time adam brings her home . 
 the war has just started and he 's already in the army . 
 i 'm sitting in the kitchen waiting , as instructed . 
 he says he 's got something he wants me to see . 
 last time that meant a huge , iron sign that proclaimed `` sugar . '' 
 he 'd stolen it off the refinery . 
 with a great show , he hung it over his bed . 
 well , tried to -- it was too heavy and kept falling off the picture hooks our father had put there to hold a terrible painting of the woods he 'd found in the trash . 
 mum had just rolled her eyes , then . 
 i rolled my eyes at the sugar . 
 eventually , he just balanced it on the head of the bed . 
 `` evelyn jones , thomas joyce , '' he says , introducing us . 
 `` the reverse is also true . '' 
 he 's grinning , clearly impressed with his catch . 
 she 's eighteen , her brown hair tied up in a fancy do , a few strands falling over her neck . 
 she 's wearing a pretty blue dress -- the hard times have n't kicked in and people can afford to look good . 
 and she looks great . 
 it 's her eyes that hook me -- bright , sparkling at me like we share a secret . 
 watchful , taking in every detail . 
 he tells me he met her at a dance put on by the military , and they 've been courting for a couple of months . 
 she works as a nurse . 
 adam and i tell each other everything , but he 's kept this hidden . 
 bringing her home to meet me is like when normal people bring girls home to meet their parents . 
 since our folks died , adam and i have been brother , father and mother to each other . 
 he is older than me , more handsome , and smarter . 
 all through school , my teachers would greet my name with a smile , tell me how great my brother was , and then proceed to grow steadily more disappointed in me as the year wore on . 
 i was a good student , but not as good as adam . 
 i was handsome , but not as handsome as adam . 
 i was smart , but not as smart as adam . 
 the same thing happened in the army -- at least until i was shipped to europe , where great soldiers were as common as bullets . 
 this could 've made me hate him , but i loved him more than anyone else . 
 `` pleasure to meet you , '' i say to evie when i find words . 
 she smiles , does a curtsey . 
 we walk into the kitchen and adam puts the kettle on . 
 evie checks out our house and manages not to look too disgusted at the mess two young bachelors have generated in one small home . 
 the only decoration on the kitchen walls is a portrait of king george , hung upside down , and the family crucifix , hung rightside up . 
 `` to make the easter washing of the feet easier for george , '' adam explains . 
 the rest of my mother 's carefully chosen decorations now decorate the woodshed . 
 adam was sixteen when she died , and i was thirteen . 
 dad was already dead . 
 uncles and aunts looked in on us , but we mostly managed on our own . 
 the knick-knacks and porcelain dolls got depressing after a while , so one night we declared it christmas and fancied up the woodshed . 
 adam clangs around the cupboard , hoping to find a glass that is not chipped , or dirty , or both . 
 i lean across the table and lower my head to evie . 
 `` i hope your intentions with my brother are entirely honourable , '' i say seriously , hand stroking my chin in a vague imitation of my father . 
 she makes a show of looking to see adam has his back to us , then cups a dramatic hand to the side of her mouth . 
 `` actually , i 'm just trying to get him into bed , '' she stagewhispers . 
 adam snorts , and i shake my head gravely , hiding that i 'm startled by her boldness . 
 `` unfortunately , he 's impotent , '' i tell her . 
 half a loaf of bread hits me in the head and bounces to the floor as evie laughs . 
 i want to make her laugh again . 
 `` please excuse my little brother , '' adam says , emphasizing ` little . ' 
 he brings three cups of tea ; two of them are cracked and dirty . 
 miraculously , evie 's is n't . 
 `` he gets nervous when he has to talk to strangers . 
 and he has n't been alone with a female since we ate the family sheep . '' 
 `` ewe ! '' 
 says evie , and she laughs again , louder . 
 adam and i take a moment to recognize the terrible pun , and deliver an appreciative round of applause . 
 evie accepts with a bow . 
 i pick up the loaf and try pushing it into adam 's ear . 
 he bats it away and politely tips a cup of tea into my lap . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i shout , leaping back from the table before realizing that it 's just cold water . 
 adam grins at evie . 
 `` we 're hoping the church will take him . 
 hide him in a confessional , put him to work and he 'll be fine . 
 so long as the sins are n't too mortal . 
 he might go getting ideas then . '' 
 evie stays for supper that night and is hardly out of our house from then . 
 she does n't talk much about her family , who are all back in truro , but from what hints she drops , we gather that they are well off , but in danger of falling on hard times . 
 her mother is desperate for evie to snag a good husband -- that 's why she eventually agreed to let her go to the city . 
 evie , sick of small-town life and the suffocating presence of her father , had been desperate to leave truro since she was thirteen . 
 after long teenage years of eroding her mother 's disapproval , she finally convinced her when she turned eighteen -- arguing that she needed to land a halifax man to truly revive the family fortunes . 
 really , she wanted to move into the twentieth century , and hoped to find real-life suffragettes . 
 she worked at the hospital -- she was a nurse , and all hands are needed in this war . 
 plus , where better to meet a nice doctor ? 
 that , and an endless stream of social nights where she was put on display for the city 's eligible bachelors , was her life . 
 she had attracted plenty of interest , but `` no suitable suitors , '' as she put it . 
 and no sign of suffragettes . 
 her mother pays for a room in a very respectable boarding house , whose matron keeps detailed notes on evie 's coming and going . 
 evie refuses to stay over at ours . 
 matron would see , and report to truro , and evie 'd be put on a train home before nightfall . 
 adam pleads with her , but she always refuses . 
 he crept over to her place one night , but she sent him packing . 
 then one night i hear a knocking . 
 i go to investigate , but realize it is coming from our parents ' bedroom . 
 adam had claimed the master bedroom after an especially vicious fight , leaving me in the tiny second room we had shared as boys . 
 i stand at his door , listening . 
 `` hallelujah , '' adam says as he opens the window . 
 `` evening , sir ! '' 
 says evie , stepping inside . 
 `` well , this is what i call a window of opportunity ! '' 
 he says . 
 evie shrieks and the window slams down . 
 a lot of giggling follows . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 asks adam , sounding a little exasperated . 
 `` young ladies should n't be out walking the streets at night ! 
 let alone climbing into gentlemen 's bedrooms ! '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry -- is there a gentleman here , too ? 
 drat . 
 i like ’em one at a time . '' 
 `` good lord , this city is n't ready for the likes of you , '' he sighs . 
 i ca n't make out what she says to that , but i hear them flop down on the bed . 
 more quiet talking , me with my ear to the door . 
 kissing , clothing being removed . 
 moaning , then squeaking . 
 i keep telling myself to go to bed , but ca n't drag myself away from the door . 
 my skin 's on fire , there 's an ocean heaving through my veins . 
 i hear everything , then evie dressing . 
 `` where you going ? '' 
 adam asks , sleepily . 
 `` home . '' 
 `` home ? 
 it 's the middle of the night ! '' 
 `` exactly . 
 matron is sleeping . '' 
 `` go on , we can bribe her in the morning . '' 
 `` hmm , maybe not . 
 she 'll tell my parents , and that 'll be the end of us . '' 
 it goes quiet for a minute . 
 i hear evie sit back down on the bed . 
 `` well , i guess i 'll just have to make an honest woman out of you , '' adam says . 
 `` evelyn jones , will you marry me ? '' 
 my throat makes a funny noise . 
 i hope they did n't hear . 
 evie is taking her time answering . 
 i 'm not sure what i want her to say . 
 `` mother would n't be pleased , '' she says . 
 `` phew . 
 my original plan was to marry her . 
 glad i scrapped that . 
 let me try it again : evelyn jones , will you become evelyn joyce ? 
 it 's only a few letters difference . '' 
 more silence , interrupted by hemming and hawing . 
 `` all right , '' she finally says . 
 `` all right ? 
 just all right ? '' 
 adam protests . 
 he is trying to sound light , but i can hear the pain in his voice . 
 he 's fallen for her as much as i have . 
 `` well , i was sent here to make a good match , '' evie says . 
 `` what , i 'm not good enough for you ? 
 you want a south-ender with a grand house and a butler ? 
 i may not have much , but if i have you , i 'll have everything . 
 evelyn , i -- '' `` and what will i have ? '' 
 `` uh , the hutch ? '' 
 `` sigh . 
 all right , mr. charming , i 'll marry you . 
 i was only teasing . '' 
 `` oh , '' he says . 
 `` oh ! 
 i see . 
 a joke . 
 yes , i 've read about those . 
 funny . 
 well done . '' 
 more muffled talking , then laughter . 
 `` careful , you 'll wake tommy , '' he says . 
 she laughs , rather ambiguously . 
 i 'm convinced she knows i am standing at the door . 
 i want to leave , but do n't want them to hear me . 
 `` so , when do we go public ? '' 
 adam asks . 
 `` tomorrow ? 
 i can telegraph my parents later today . '' 
 `` should n't i ask your dad first ? '' 
 i can almost hear the look she shoots him . 
 `` right then , i 'll leave that to you , '' he says . 
 they chat a little longer , then she slips back out the window . 
 adam insists on walking her home , but she shuts the window in his face . 
 i slink back to my room . 
 when adam comes in two minutes later to share his news , i pretend to be excited . 
 chapter twenty-nine we 're driving down a road in the countryside . 
 adam called in some favours and got this army car for the day to celebrate their engagement . 
 it 's a spare one , used to ferry officers about , but today it 's taking us farther from the city and deeper into the green and blue perfection of nova scotia . 
 `` c’mon , giv ' er some gas ! '' 
 urges evie , sitting up front with adam . 
 the wind 's flipping her hair about -- when i lean forward to say something , it hits me in the face . 
 i lean forward a lot . 
 `` this is a perfectly sensible speed , '' reasons adam , smiling . 
 `` i could get out and jog ahead of you ! '' 
 i shout . 
 adam sticks his hand back , makes a show of finding my face and pushes me into the seat . 
 evie laughs , catching my eye . 
 she winks . 
 i grin . 
 `` how the hell are you ever going to get to berlin ! '' 
 i holler , bouncing back . 
 `` at this speed , it 'll take four years just to cross france . '' 
 he 's shipping out any day now , putting a weird weight on everything . 
 he falls silent . 
 he 's hard to predict these days . 
 we busy ourselves admiring the shimmering coast . 
 `` hey , let me drive , '' i say , poking his shoulder . 
 `` pff ! '' 
 `` seriously ! 
 how hard can it be ? 
 i 've driven a bicycle , and that 's only got two wheels . 
 c’mon , let 's switch places . '' 
 i start climbing into the front . 
 adam shoves me back . 
 `` c’mon , mr. army man ! 
 give me a shot ! 
 how hard can it be ? 
 i 'll show you what she can really do . '' 
 `` yeah , go on , give your brother a chance , '' evie pipes up . 
 adam glances at her , drives on , but i can see he 's thinking about it . 
 he steps on the brakes , stops us so suddenly i go over the front bench and hit my head on the dash . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i complain , and evie rubs my head . 
 `` poor boy , '' she coos , like i 'm ten . 
 i play it up , whimpering and leaning on her lap . 
 `` baby , '' adam mutters , rolling his eyes . 
 `` right . 
 find your balls and take the wheels , '' he tells me . 
 i twist myself into a seated position , taking care to kick him as many times as i can in the process until i 'm upright and wedged between them . 
 `` is n't this nice ? ' 
 i say , arms around both of them . 
 adam sighs , rolls his eyes dramatically . 
 `` shift over here , baby brother . '' 
 we swap places , so he 's wedged in the middle now . 
 he runs through the car 's operation . 
 `` i know how it works -- i 've been watching you all day . 
 now , i need some room . 
 be a dear and pop into the back , '' i say , patting his knee . 
 `` i 'm staying right here , thanks very much , '' he says , crossing his arms . 
 `` go on , party off , '' i say , shoving him . 
 he stays there till evie puts a hand on his leg . 
 they exchange looks , and he climbs over me to get into the back , kicking me in the process . 
 `` now , slowly lift the ... '' he starts , but i step on it , sending him crashing back . 
 `` hang on ! 
 would n't want to have to come back and get you tomorrow ! '' 
 i shout as the car leaps off . 
 we 're flying down the empty road , hot sun replaced by a hot breeze . 
 `` i hope there 're no bears about , '' i say . 
 `` imagine what it 'd feel like to hit a bear in this ! '' 
 `` why , i bet you 'd bearly feel it ! '' 
 jokes evie and we both snort with laughter . 
 `` you two are as bad as each other , '' grumbles adam . 
 `` so , when are we going to start going fast ? '' 
 asks evie . 
 the trees are a blur to our right , the ocean a stream of sparkling blue . 
 `` i think this is fast enough , '' says adam . 
 `` slow down for that hill . '' 
 evie and i catch eyes . 
 she grins . 
 i grin . 
 `` easy ! '' 
 says adam , but i stand up and stomp on the gas and we fly down the hill like a shooting star . 
 i ca n't even see the trees anymore . 
 `` whaahooo ! '' 
 i scream , and evie would too , but she 's laughing too hard . 
 she 's got her hands to her face , but keeps them wide enough apart so she can see the road hurtling toward us . 
 `` oh my soul , leap from this earth and join the immortal eagles ! '' 
 i bellow above the astonishing din the machine makes at this speed . 
 `` just watch it ! '' 
 warns adam , reaching for the wheel . 
 `` let the skies marvel at the heights we reach ! '' 
 sings evie . 
 `` easy , you could get us all killed ! '' 
 shouts adam as i bat him away from the front . 
 the hill is eternal and though we fly down it , it feels like we 're climbing into the sky . 
 `` c’mon evelyn ! 
 grab a bar of sun when we go by ! '' 
 i holler . 
 `` ` though , we can not make our sun stand still , yet we will make him run ' ! '' 
 she recites , rolling the last ` r ' up till she hollers the end . 
 `` we 're too quick for death 's winged chariot ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` we 're too beautiful for his skinless hands ! '' 
 evie shouts . 
 `` we 're going to crash ! '' 
 adam shouts , and the front tire dives into a hole i did n't see , jerking the whole car to the right and sending us spinning sideways , circling in a cloud of dirt and rocks , clinging to anything . 
 evie screams , grabs the side of the car and i 'm too scared to make a sound , squeezing the steering wheel like i 've got any control over it . 
 we spin and screech toward the woods , half the car lifting off the ground and raising a teetering foot into the air before finally righting itself and thumping down , bouncing on the wheels . 
 we 're stopped . 
 there 's a shocked silence as the rocks finish falling . 
 then evie asks , `` can we go again ? '' 
 we catch eyes and burst into laughter . 
 she 's going so hard she 's doubled-up and crying and i can barely see . 
 `` i told you , we are immortal ! '' 
 i squeeze out in between gasps of laughter . 
 `` hi evelyn ! '' 
 chapter thirty `` idiots ! '' 
 curses adam , kicking his door open and slamming it shut . 
 `` you could 've killed us , tommy , '' he says , smacking me in the head , hard . 
 that kills the laughter . 
 blood trickles down my ear . 
 he looks at the front of the car . 
 `` how am i going to explain this to headquarters ? 
 it took a lot of favours to get this car . '' 
 `` come on , adam -- it was an accident . 
 i 'll pay to have it fixed , '' i say . 
 `` with the sad allowance they give you at the metalworks factory ? 
 you 'll never get enough . '' 
 `` do n't be mean -- he was only having fun , '' says evie , getting out of the car , dusting off her dress . 
 `` do n't you take his side , '' he says , brushing her away . 
 `` god , it 's like you two are a pair of naughty children , and i 've always got to be the father . '' 
 he shakes his head , storms down to the water and sits on a rock , back to us . 
 evie and i are quiet . 
 `` it 's all right , '' she says , hand on my arm . 
 `` you know how cranky father can get . '' 
 i stifle a laugh . 
 she 's smiling at me , that secret smile . 
 her eyes are soft , curious . 
 looking at me differently . 
 i start to say something , but leave it to the silence . 
 `` mr. joyce junior , '' she greets me , nodding as she enters the house . 
 `` is your father in ? '' 
 i close the door behind her . 
 `` nope . 
 a messenger boy just called for him , said he had to go to hq . 
 tea ? '' 
 i ask , heading into the kitchen . 
 she does n't answer . 
 i turn and she has her head in her hands . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she looks me in the eye . 
 `` he 's going over . '' 
 it takes me a second to remember who we are talking about . 
 `` oh . 
 to the war . 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` that 's what they do . 
 they call for you , you go , you get secret orders to be ready to go at any time , and then you 're snatched out of your life to go fight the hun . '' 
 `` well , that 's why he 's in the army , '' i say , turning back to the kettle . 
 `` and why you are n't ? '' 
 she asks . 
 that hurts . 
 i keep my back to her . 
 `` some of us need to work here . '' 
 `` the noble pursuit of freedom does n't stir your blood ? '' 
 she asks sarcastically . 
 not a big fan of war , evie . 
 i turn to her as the kettle bubbles up a cloud of steam . 
 `` i 'm sure franz ferdinand was a dreadful chap who deserved everything he got , and that his serb assassin gavrilo princip was a heroic freedom fighter , but what happened between them has nothing to do with me . 
 i 'd rather just stay here and do my work . '' 
 i return to the kettle and fill the teapot . 
 i sit down next to her with the pot and two cups . 
 `` he 'll be fine , '' i say , patting evie on the arm . 
 she flinches . 
 i pull my hand back and focus on my tea . 
 `` it 's ... it 's just such a mess , '' she sighs . 
 `` everyone else seems pretty excited by the war , '' i answer , stealing glances at her . 
 `` especially my family . 
 father thinks this war will be our salvation . 
 he owns a woolen mill and has a contract to make uniforms . 
 they 're going through them pretty quickly over there , and the best is yet to come . '' 
 `` best ? '' 
 `` that 's how my father puts it . '' 
 she sips her tea . 
 `` you two going to get married before he goes ? '' 
 i ask , trying to sound casual . 
 `` probably . 
 i hope so . 
 the wait will be long enough -- i 'd rather be waiting for my husband than my fiancée . 
 plus , if he dies ... '' `` have to act quickly , '' i say . 
 she nods . 
 `` we 've talked to father mckay . 
 he 's done plenty of rush services for men heading overseas . 
 he 'll do it for us . '' 
 i want to tell her she should n't marry him -- not now , not ever . 
 the rest of your life is a very long time , and you only get one shot at it . 
 i love my brother and i know they love each other , but what evie and i could have ... i ca n't stand the thought of living with her while she lives with him . 
 when he comes home i 'll have to move out , i tell myself . 
 maybe go out west . 
 i ca n't be that close to her and not be that close to her . 
 but i ca n't be without her . 
 `` i 'm sure everything will work out , '' i say , staring at the tea leaves in the bottom of my cup . 
 chapter thirty-one adam is sitting on the bench by the kitchen fire , polishing his army boots . 
 he 's gone through half a jar of polish , but i do n't think he 's noticed . 
 his back is stiff -- the military has only improved his legendary posture -- and his jaw hard . 
 occasionally he swears . 
 `` with a mirror like that , at least you 'll be able to keep pretty in the trenches , '' i joke . 
 i 'm sitting at the table behind him . 
 he grunts . 
 i stare at him . 
 throw a piece of kindling . 
 it bounces off his shoulder and he tells me to frig off . 
 `` frig ? 
 boy , your boots are n't the only thing that 's been cleaned up . '' 
 he keeps polishing . 
 he 's got his orders -- he ships out any time from monday . 
 there are german u-boats patrolling the mouth of the harbour and rumours of spies thrill the city , so all military plans are top secret . 
 sometimes when ships head out , even the captain does n't know where he 's going until he 's on the ocean and opens the top-secret instructions . 
 adam could be gone in a week , a month , or monday . 
 the wedding is set for sunday . 
 he asked me to be his best man . 
 i agreed . 
 i 'm not sure how i 'm going to do that . 
 does anyone know any reason this couple should not wed ? 
 yeah , because you 've got the wrong man , evie . 
 last night , after he and evie had quieted down in the master bedroom and i could finally fall asleep , i dreamed of the wedding . 
 the church was packed . 
 adam was at the altar , evie coming up the aisle . 
 she walked the whole length of st joseph 's holding my eyes , pleading silently with me for rescue or forgiveness , but my face was frozen shut . 
 i could only watch . 
 she took her place next to adam , eyes locked on mine . 
 father mckay stood in front of them and the service started . 
 when the priest read out the vows , and asked evie if she 'd marry adam joyce , till death do you part , she repeated it word for word -- but said my name instead of his . 
 nobody noticed , and i whispered adam 's vows back to her . 
 `` i now pronounce you man and wife , '' mckay said , and adam hugged evie . 
 over my brother 's shoulder she looked at me , smiled , and mouthed , `` i 'm forever yours . '' 
 i throw another piece of wood at adam . 
 a big chunk this time and it hits him right in the back of the head . 
 he uses a proper swear word . 
 `` what 's eating you , captain cranky ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` you 're about to marry the girl of your dreams and then start the job of your dreams . '' 
 adam 's been in the military since he was old enough to sign up and has been desperate to see action . 
 i do n't really understand that part of him -- the only appeal i can see is the adventure through strange lands . 
 killing people , and people trying to kill you , that 's not for me . 
 he takes a deep breath and sends it out his flaring nostrils . 
 he clamps his eyes on me . 
 this army adam is n't as fun as the old adam . 
 `` evelyn 's parents are threatening to disown her if she marries me , '' he says evenly , but a lifetime of living with him shows me he 's furious . 
 `` her father is happy to get rich making uniforms so men like me can offer our lives to protect his freedom , but a man like me is n't good enough for his daughter . '' 
 i 'm speechless . 
 adam has always been the best . 
 it never occurred to me that anyone could see it any other way . 
 apparently , a north-end hero does n't transfer up society so well . 
 `` he 's an idiot . 
 what 's evelyn say ? '' 
 he chews on his tongue . 
 `` she wants to go ahead with it . '' 
 `` will her parents come ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` they say this is the first and final warning . 
 if she marries me sunday , they wo n't be there , they 'll never talk to her again and she 'll be cut out of the family fortunes . '' 
 `` they do n't even know you ! '' 
 he snorts derisively . 
 `` i 've a mind to go up to truro and introduce myself . '' 
 `` i 'll come . 
 we 'll show ’em what richmond boys are like , eh ? '' 
 he tries to smile , then sighs . 
 `` it 's no use . 
 people like you and me , we 're nothing to them . 
 put us in the factory and we work like machines . 
 put us on the battlefield and we 're self-guided guns . 
 the more men die over there , the richer men like jones get . 
 buried uniforms mean higher demand . 
 he hopes this war never ends . '' 
 adam stares into the fire , starts polishing again . 
 `` so you two going through with it ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` she 's quite a woman , '' i say . 
 he nods again . 
 `` the church will be a bit empty . 
 i 'm counting on you to get me through this , '' he says , looking back at me . 
 `` you know you can . '' 
 `` thanks , tom . '' 
 `` so , what next ? 
 i take it if they cut her out of the family , she 'll lose her allowance ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 so no dream house for us . 
 she 's moving in here sunday night . '' 
 i flinch , and i 'm glad he 's facing the fire . 
 i love him more than i do anyone in this world , except for her . 
 in another wedding dream i keep having , i stand next to him at the altar as mckay leads the ceremony . 
 i 'm right beside adam , so i can see his dress uniform jacket rise and fall with his breathing . 
 see the sweat trickling down his neck . 
 when he starts on his vows to her , i slip the gun off his belt and shoot him in the back of the head and he just disappears . 
 i step into his place and the ceremony continues . 
 `` when i 'm gone , i need you to look out for her , '' he tells me . 
 `` i do n't know how long i 'll be gone -- it could be years , the way this war is going . 
 she 'll be alone , no husband , no family , no money . 
 nothing but you . 
 you 've got to be there for her . 
 you 've got to be her husband , her brother and her father . '' 
 i squeeze my lips together , rub my forehead . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be there for her . '' 
 chapter thirty-two evie 's wearing white . 
 her brown hair 's pulled back so it flows down her neck under the veil . 
 the dress is simple , gliding over her curves . 
 i stand at the front of the church waiting for her as she walks up the aisle . 
 the wedding 's a scandal , but it 's a rich man 's scandal , and so the north end has closed ranks . 
 st. joseph 's is packed on both sides . 
 when word got out that her family had disowned her for marrying a richmond soldier -- and adam joyce no less -- there was deep outrage . 
 adam could 've led an army to truro , but he brought it to the church . 
 he 's standing right beside me . 
 i can see his dress uniform jacket rise and fall with his breath . 
 his blond hair is cut army short . 
 a drop of sweat rolls down his neck . 
 he 's angry , proud and deeply in love . 
 he 's beautiful . 
 evie 's coming down the aisle on the arm of a priest . 
 when she told father mckay she had been abandoned by her family he grew grim , thoughtful . 
 `` what god will join together , let no man -- no matter how rich and powerful -- keep asunder , '' he declared , and made it his mission to make the wedding perfect . 
 he insisted on taking the service himself , despite emissaries from truro leaning on him , offering him favours if he shut adam and evie out . 
 he sent for his closest priest friend , a balding , shy man who presided over st. mary 's , and he readily agreed to give evie away . 
 `` if her father wo n't , god will , '' explained a defiant father mckay . 
 his eyes were bright and he was smiling . 
 he had n't had this much fun in a long time . 
 so evie comes slowly down the aisle through the hundreds of north-end faithful . 
 every relative adam and i have is here , plus our friends and our parents ' friends . 
 her family 's loss is richmond 's gain , and they let her know it . 
 by the time she reaches the altar , she is crying . 
 she rubs away the tears , sticks her tongue out at adam . 
 her grins that perfect grin of his . 
 then she glances at me , smiles -- a little sadly ? 
 -- and cocks an eyebrow . 
 i take the hint and smooth mine down . 
 she smiles , turns back to adam . 
 `` dearly beloved ... '' begins father mckay . 
 the new testament reading is 13 corinthians . 
 mckay recites it from memory , slowing down for the second verse : `` love is patient , love is kind . 
 it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . 
 it is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . 
 love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . 
 it always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . '' 
 he talks about how the love paul is describing is a love god alone can offer -- and that if evie and adam expect to find that in each other , they 'll be forever disappointed . 
 `` i talk to married people , and one of the reasons why things do n't work out is because they have unbelievable expectations of each other that are unfullfillable , '' he tells the congregation . 
 he 's supposed to be in the pulpit but he 's left it to pace around the front of the church , under the big crucifix . 
 `` there is no room for mistakes , no room for imperfections . 
 the god that i believe in has a lot of room for that . '' 
 the married couples in the church smile at each other . 
 the younger parishioners look confused . 
 `` so corinthians is nice , '' continues mckay , a mischievous grin creeping onto his face as he gets ready for the twist . 
 `` but it 's the worst thing to take for a reading for marriage ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 there are gasps . 
 women cover the smiles on their faces . 
 men snort . 
 `` the reason paul wrote that passage is precisely to indicate to everyone that they were n't like that ! 
 people think that 's so wonderful and so beautiful , and ` love is ... ' but it 's not ! 
 love is putting up with nonsense every day , '' mckay concludes . 
 he 's practically shouting now . 
 there 's a burst of applause , laughter and a few `` amens . '' 
 evie 's grinning , poking adam . 
 he smiles . 
 `` i think you two know that , '' the priest says to my brother and his fiancée , taking a more intimate tone , like it 's just him and them . 
 `` and i think you 'll do just fine . 
 you 've got a life to live together , through good times and bad , and a family to start . 
 first , you , '' he says , looking at adam , `` you will answer duty 's call . 
 and we 'll take good care of evelyn while you 're away , wo n't we ? '' 
 he directs this to the congregation , and we chorus our agreement . 
 mckay smiles . 
 `` then , when you are done your work over there , come home and start your work over here . '' 
 there 's just a hint of sauciness in his voice . 
 adam nods , solemnly . 
 the ceremony continues . 
 they make their vows . 
 evie has eyes only for adam . 
 they turn to walk down the aisle and the faithful just about take the roof off the place cheering . 
 this wedding is a victory for us , a validation of our lives . 
 we do n't have money , but we have this , the ovation says . 
 it 's also an embrace of the war , an understanding that heroes like adam need bigger stages than halifax can provide . 
 confetti falls like snow as the newlyweds descend the church steps . 
 the north end 's finest horse and buggy is waiting for them . 
 it parades them through the streets to the little house on rector street . 
 i wo n't be staying there tonight . 
 i ca n't . 
 the church clears out and the cleanup starts . 
 i 'm left behind , of course , taking congratulations on adam 's behalf , smiling , crying . 
 people think they 're tears of joy . 
 chapter thirty-three a thumping on the front door wakes me . 
 the room 's full of dust floating in sunlight . 
 it takes me a moment to remember where i am . 
 my aunt and uncle 's house at the bottom of rector street , in their son john 's room . 
 he 's already gone off to europe and they invited me to stay over , to give the newlyweds `` some time to be man and wife '' on their wedding night , as my winking aunt put it . 
 `` coming , coming , '' my uncle calls , his heavy steps pounding a path to the front door . 
 it creaks open and a boy 's voice says my name . 
 quiet , serious conversation that i ca n't make out follows . 
 i get dressed quickly and come to the living room just as my uncle is shutting the door on the messenger . 
 `` it 's adam , '' he says , chest puffed out with pride . 
 `` he 's shipping out today . 
 he redirected the army 's boy over here to tell you . 
 we 're all under orders , though -- you ca n't tell a soul , '' he warns me sternly . 
 i agree and bolt out the front door . 
 anybody who sees me will know what 's happened anyway . 
 i run up the steep hill that is rector street , the same street adam and i used to slide down in the winter , and am breathless when i get to our house . 
 i grab the doorknob and am about to twist it open when i remember that they 're newlyweds . 
 i knock . 
 adam flings it open like he 's been standing waiting for me . 
 `` have you forgotten how to open a door again ? '' 
 he asks , feigning exasperation . 
 he smacks me on the forehead . 
 `` mi casa es su casa ! '' 
 he exclaims , sweeping inside with a gracious gesture . 
 `` i thought you two might be busy , '' i mumble , stepping inside . 
 evie 's standing by the kitchen table , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` busy we were , all night long son , all night long . 
 thank god i 've got a long ride to work today . 
 chance to get some shut eye , you see , '' he explains , winking at me . 
 he 's buzzing with energy , just about vibrating right out of his uniform . 
 it 's spotless , the boots are glimmering , his hair is flawless and he looks like a poster for recruitment . 
 `` the germans 'll surrender as soon as they see mr. perfect , '' i say to evie . 
 `` they 've no chance . 
 he 's too pretty . 
 their bullets will refuse orders . '' 
 `` i 've suggested he can save the army money on flares by just flashing his teeth instead , '' she says , trying to keep things light . 
 `` one moonlit grin from him will relay his position back to ottawa . '' 
 and it 's true -- adam has the whitest teeth in nova scotia . 
 i grew up in the same house as him , eating the same food , but mine are already yellowing . 
 `` so you 're off to see the war ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 adam grins , showing off all his teeth . 
 `` deutschland under alles , '' he says in a bad hun accent . 
 `` hey , who 's alice ? '' 
 pipes up evie , faking a jealous look . 
 adam rolls his eyes , scoops up evie and gives her a big dip , kissing her dramatically . 
 i look away . 
 `` what time are you ... ? '' 
 i ask when they 're done . 
 evie 's pretty when she 's flushed . 
 `` shhhh ! '' 
 hushes adam , finger over lips , throwing an arm around me . 
 `` zere are spies everyvhere ! '' 
 he narrows his eyes suspiciously at evie . 
 `` hello , fraulein . 
 comen zee here . '' 
 it 's evie 's turn to roll her eyes . 
 adam 's got his duffel bag packed and he 's a pistol cocked , desperate to be fired . 
 relatives drift in and out as the morning wears on . 
 it 's a secret that he 's leaving , sure , but there 's also a huge crew carrier docked in the harbour and soldiers have been marching on board all day . 
 the mood is upbeat -- everyone 's sure this war is won , especially now that adam 's on his way as a one-man cavalry . 
 at noon , he announces that it 's time to go . 
 everyone but us clears out , offering handshakes or hugs , and always reiterating that they 'll see him again real soon . 
 we walk part of the way down to the ship with him . 
 i feel like i 'm invading their privacy . 
 evie 's linked her arm tight through his and tries to keep the sorrow away , for a few more minutes anyway . 
 at the dockyards he stops to take his leave . 
 `` right ! '' 
 he says , looking between the two of us . 
 `` dear woman , here is your husband , '' he says to evie , hand on my shoulder . 
 he puts the other hand on her shoulder , turns us so we 're facing each other . 
 `` brother , here is your wife -- as long as i 'm away , i need you two to look out for each other . '' 
 he gets serious for the first time today . 
 `` i could be gone a long time . 
 things are pretty dug in over there and it may be a while before we can get the germans moving backwards . 
 evelyn , you 've lost your family , but i give you mine . '' 
 she 's crying now . 
 `` it 's going to be all right , '' he whispers , hugging her to him . 
 i look down at my scuffed shoes . 
 evie and adam talk without words . 
 she finally pulls back . 
 `` oh , look at the mess i 've made , '' she says of the tear stains on his jacket . 
 `` lucky charms for the battle , '' he smiles . 
 `` take care of her , '' he whispers in my ear . 
 i manage to nod . 
 there are soldiers all around us now , doing the same thing with their families . 
 `` do you want me to leave you two alone ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he smacks me in the forehead . 
 `` no , knucklehead . 
 you need to walk her home . 
 what did i just ask you ? 
 look after the lady ! '' 
 i fake a little laugh and nod . 
 adam kisses evie again , then turns sharply and marches off to the ship . 
 he does n't look back . 
 chapter thirty-four evie and i live in the house like the air 's made of glass and if we move too quickly or speak too loudly , it 'll shatter and slice us open . 
 i realized when we got home after adam shipped out that that was the first time we 'd been alone together . 
 that was six months ago . 
 he 's written to evie ten times and me eight . 
 the letters never arrive together , though they 're nearly always sent on the same day . 
 that 's good , though , as it means there 's almost a letter a week , between us . 
 we 've got a routine worked out -- when one arrives , the recipient hangs on to it until both of us are home . 
 we sit at the kitchen table with a cup of tea and a little sweet , if we can afford it . 
 if it 's my letter , i open it carefully and read it out loud . 
 adam 's letters to me are always funny , upbeat , full of the thrill of war . 
 his exploits as a soldier -- at least according to his own letters -- are legendary . 
 he 's at the front of every mission , bursting with energy and ideas , dodging bullets and shells . 
 he boasts to his fellow soldiers about the deathdeflecting tears he had sown on his shirt before he left . 
 his wife , who is almost as famous as he is on the front lines , gave them to him as special amulets , he tells the troops . 
 each prism contains the whole of her beauty , he says , and bullets melt before them . 
 the germans are slow-thinking buffoons more to be pitied than hated , and the whole war is rather comical . 
 he says he 'll be promoted soon , but he 's afraid they 'll pull him off the front if he gets too high up , and so kills the long days of waiting plotting out increasingly ludicrous schemes to ensure demotion in that event . 
 `` i shall tell them i am afraid of heights , '' he says in one letter , `` and anything above the rank of master corporal will lead me to be violently ill . '' 
 it 's different with his letters to evie . 
 she sits at the table , slits the envelope open , and reads it to herself first . 
 these letters are full of flowers and birds spotted circling high above the trenches . 
 of endearing stories of fellow soldiers ' kindness . 
 of longing . 
 he tells her he 's marking the days they 're apart on the mud walls of his dugout , because the whole world 's a prison without her . 
 in these letters , there is no danger . 
 when she 's read it to herself , she reads it out loud , sometimes skipping `` the mushy bits . '' 
 after , we slide the letters back into the envelopes and put them in the two boxes that sit on top of the hutch . 
 evie 's all i think about . 
 i lie sleepless at night , listening to her breathe . 
 the world pauses when she takes a bath . 
 the bathroom shares a wall with my room and i hear the water running , hear evie take off her clothes , slide into the water . 
 i scold myself , remind myself she 's my brother 's wife , but all that is raindrops falling into a furnace . 
 i lie awake at night thinking about her . 
 i sleep with her floating through my dreams . 
 i wake with her on my tongue . 
 i rise before her , slip into the kitchen to start the kettle . 
 it 's summer , and the sun casts its red light on the fireplace . 
 wood and kindling are stacked , ready to come alive at the next cold morning . 
 `` morning , '' she says , yawning as she emerges from her room . 
 she 's still in her nightdress , wrapped in a dressing gown . 
 her hair pokes out at funny angles . 
 she rubs the sleep from her eyes . 
 i do n't think she 's opened them yet . 
 `` morning , '' i answer . 
 i like to watch her when she 's just woken up . 
 she 's quieter , unreconciled to another day of waiting . 
 at first , she would n't leave her room until she was fully dressed and had her hair set . 
 she turned in for the night fully clothed and did n't leave her room till morning . 
 now , we 've relaxed in each other 's company . 
 we take breakfast before dressing and often have a last cup of tea sitting together in front of the fire in our pajamas . 
 sometimes she leans her head on my shoulder , and my heart stops . 
 `` you 're just like a brother to me , '' she said one night . 
 it nearly killed me , though i know she meant it to be nice . 
 `` tea ? '' 
 i ask her as she settles in at the table . 
 `` mmmmm ... let me think . 
 what day is it ? '' 
 `` thursday morning , ma’am . '' 
 `` well , in that case , i 'll definitely have tea . '' 
 i bring the cups to the table . 
 it 's rectangular , but our chairs snuggle around one corner , our knees brushing under the cloth . 
 she puts a hand on my knee , brushes her hair out of her eyes . 
 `` so , what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` swallow ? '' 
 i suggest , cup paused just outside my mouth . 
 she makes a face . 
 `` tonight . 
 let 's do something tonight . 
 i 'm tired of sitting in here waiting for the day to end . 
 let 's chase this one right out of the sky . '' 
 she 's smiling now , her eyes shining . 
 `` people will talk ! '' 
 i protest . 
 `` pa-shaw . 
 let ’em talk . 
 besides , you are my husband-for-now , yes ? '' 
 i nod enthusiastically . 
 `` well , i hate to be cruel , but you 're not doing your husbandly duty . '' 
 i look crestfallen . 
 `` tonight , '' she says , reaching over to smooth my rogue eyebrow . 
 `` tonight is your last chance to save our marriage-for-now . 
 you up for the challenge ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` just tell me what to do , '' i add , clutching her arm like a beggar . 
 she cocks an eyebrow , sighs . 
 `` see , dear , that 's just it -- i 've told you what to do . 
 save our marriage-for-now . 
 tonight . 
 end of instructions . '' 
 `` oh , '' i muse , rubbing my chin thoughtfully . 
 `` i see . 
 so you want me to be creative . 
 like flowers , or a walk , or something . '' 
 `` be still my beating heart . 
 i can hardly wait , '' she says , rolling her eyes in mock exasperation . 
 `` those are just test ideas . 
 i 've got better ones . '' 
 `` i should hope so . '' 
 `` right . 
 the deal is on , '' i say , offering my hand . 
 she takes it . 
 `` deal . '' 
 we shake , lingering a little too long.chapter thirty-five we 're sitting on the floor in front of the dying fire , pretending not to notice that our shoulders are touching , knees pressing against knees . 
 it 's late , but neither of us wants to end this day . 
 a wind rattles the windows again , sending a shaft of air down the chimney and making the fire dance . 
 our hands are an inch apart . 
 in the darkness , we can pretend it 's an accident . 
 i steal glances at evie . 
 she 's calm , lost in thoughts buried in the ashes . 
 i wonder if she 's thinking about me , or him . 
 `` nice date , eh ? '' 
 i say , yawning . 
 `` mm-hm , '' she agrees . 
 `` shooting stars in the middle of the city . 
 who knew ? '' 
 `` it 's one of the things i like about the black out . 
 walking at night , you can see the whole universe up there , lit by a thousand stars . '' 
 she leans her head on my shoulder . 
 `` my parents took us out of the city one night , to show us the meteor shower . 
 it was so amazing . 
 adam fell asleep . 
 it 's the last memory i have of the four of us together . '' 
 evie smiles , curls into me . 
 a letter from the front arrived , but evie had already left for work , so i had to wait until evening to open it . 
 we sat at the table , tea but no cakes , and evie hurried me on excitedly . 
 he 's been gone ten months . 
 i read aloud from the start . 
 `` ` what seed when planted in earth bears fruit nevermore ? '' ' 
 is his opening line . 
 `` ` the human seed . 
 another field sown with the dead . 
 another 500 lives ended because of a stupid call to advance . 
 and again , they held me back . 
 my commander tells me they 're grooming me for better things , and i think -- those lives tossed into the garbage , they 're worth better things . 
 but i keep that to myself . 
 the trench is no place for philosophers -- you were right to stay home , brother . 
 gentle men go mad here , or die . 
 there is a fine art to surviving war , and many masters here . 
 the mad jump into the guns full-heartedly . 
 most die . 
 the rest are promoted . 
 `` ` most of us fall somewhere in between heroes and corpses . 
 we live to continue living , and because we believe that deeper than this bloodshed is a higher purpose . 
 that even if our commanders command in darkness , god sees it all in divine light . 
 and that he will guide our footsteps through this valley of suffering to a brighter summit of peace . 
 `` ` this is what sustains me . 
 that , and cigarettes . 
 send more with your next letter . 
 sorry to unload on you , little brother , but i 've got to tell someone , and i do n't want evelyn to worry -- so hide this letter and do n't let her read it . '' ' 
 i stopped there , closed my eyes and swore . 
 `` it 's all right , '' evie said , hand on my arm . 
 `` i could tell he was holding back from me . 
 i 'm glad he feels he can talk to you . 
 and that you can talk to me . '' 
 i opened my eyes . 
 hers were wet , red . 
 holding mine . 
 `` finish it , '' she urged . 
 i cleared my throat , tried to clear my head , and went on : `` ` just tell her i love her , that i think about her every minute of the day , and that i 'll be home soon . 
 come to think of it , that 's what sustains me -- the picture of evelyn i 've painted on my heart . 
 treat her well , brother -- make her happy . 
 love , adam . '' ' 
 evie started crying and i put my arms around her . 
 she sobbed onto my chest . 
 when she was cried out , we had dinner -- fish and potatoes again -- and then sat on the floor by the fire . 
 the dirty dishes remain in the sink . 
 we 've been sitting together for hours , talking , exploring silence . 
 i creep my hand the final inch and take hold of hers . 
 she squeezes mine . 
 `` we should go to bed , '' i say . 
 she gives me a look . 
 `` i mean , i should go to bed and you should also go to bed , a process requiring two separate beds , '' i elaborate . 
 she laughs . 
 `` you know , it 's funny , '' she says , and waits for me to ask what 's funny . 
 `` you and me . 
 i mean , i 've been married to your brother for almost a year , but i really only knew him for a couple of months before he shipped out . 
 it 's you i 've been living with all this time . '' 
 my heart stutters , thuds around in its bone cage . 
 she turns to me and i 'm flooded with a need to kiss her but i 'm paralyzed by desire . 
 shadows play on her face . 
 she runs her hand through my hair . 
 she puts her lips to my lips and softly we begin to explore each other . 
 she kisses gently , slowly . 
 she pulls back and my heart is being ripped apart from the centre but she leans in so her body presses against mine , nose to nose , and kisses my eyes . 
 she sits back , lets out a short laugh and bites her lower lip . 
 glances up at me . 
 smoothes out my eyebrow . 
 that breaks the moment . 
 `` sorry , '' i say , unable to move my eyes off her . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 i think she 's going to say something more , but she just repeats that . 
 `` we should go to bed , '' she finally says , standing and stretching . 
 `` a process requiring two beds , '' she adds . 
 i laugh , stand . 
 put my arms around her -- hers fall out of the yawn and around my shoulders . 
 `` goodnight , tommy , '' she says , kissing me lightly . 
 `` night , evie , '' i say . 
 she gives me a look . 
 `` evie , eh ? '' 
 she smiles . 
 somehow i let go of her , break from her weightless gravity , and go to the darkness of my room . 
 i hear her undressing , singing to her lover as `` he moves through the fair , '' and i wonder who it 's meant for . 
 she settles into her creaking bed , and then silence comes to the house . 
 i lie awake , my soul full of her . 
 she 's in all the shadows , she lights all the stars . 
 the moon shines only for her . 
 without her , why should the sun rise ? 
 why should the trees grow ? 
 why should the wind blow ? 
 the death of her would be the death of life . 
 the rest of the world fades to nothingness . 
 my brother is lost in the underground of european wars . 
 this is nothing to do with him . 
 this is not betrayal . 
 i rise from my bed , walk down the hall and stand at evie 's door . 
 i hear her breathing and i know she 's awake . 
 waiting . 
 i open the door . 
 thin moonlight passes through the thin curtains of her window and falls on her bed . 
 i cross the room and stand in the light of the moon . 
 she looks up at me , face in shadows , and smiles . 
 pulls back the sheets to reveal her body . 
 i lean toward her and tumble over , falling , falling , falling . 
 this is not betrayal . 
 chapter thirty-five our affair has lived for three weeks . 
 for the first seven days , i slept in my own room , but now we sleep together in the master bedroom . 
 sleeping with evie gives me a deeper peace than i 've known -- to hear her breathing in the night , to kiss the back of her neck and taste her skin like dew on a dawn flower and fall back asleep , to wake with her in the sunlight -- this is joy . 
 i 'm a blind man suddenly healed , only i never knew i could n't see . 
 who knew the world had such beauty ? 
 i walk to work along the water now , stunned by the play of light and waves . 
 i stop and stare at the waterfront city , busy with war , amazed that i never fell in love with it before . 
 i want to paint , i want to write poetry , i want to compose music . 
 breathing is a sensual delight . 
 we rarely speak of the ghost in our house . 
 it is understood that this is love out of time , and that when he returns , time starts again , and what was done is undone . 
 i think i 'll have to move out , get a room in a flophouse , because i wo n't be able to stand living with her anymore ; then i think i ca n't live without her and the monstrous pain of watching her with another man is a pinprick next to the death of living without her . 
 if i ca n't have the sunrise , i 'll shiver by the moonlight . 
 i steal light from distant stars and am happy . 
 adam 's last letter arrives on july 2 , 1915 . 
 we 're both still home , as she 's on a late shift at the hospital and i 'm on the midday shift at the metalworks factory . 
 we 're having our third cup of tea , interrupted by lovemaking . 
 the neighbours are starting to tut it 's not right for a woman to live alone with a man who is not her husband , the old women say . 
 never mind it 's his brother , do you see how they look at each other ? 
 and it 's true -- we sit touching body to body in church under the high crucifix , go for communion together , and anyone with eyes can see that i love her , and she loves me . 
 the letter is light , funny . 
 `` evelyn , life is wonderful . 
 it is true that i live in a hole in the ground , but i am king of endless realms , because you are with me , and i am with you -- and soon , we will be together . '' 
 she reads this smiling , and i 'm happy too . 
 i would n't have expected this . 
 i would 've thought any joy she found in another man would corrode me with jealousy , but i am happy to see her happy . 
 what she has with my brother is in a different dimension to what we have , and can not affect it . 
 i do n't understand how she keeps us separate , though . 
 she falls silent for the middle of the letter -- so it 's mushy or erotic . 
 from her smile , i think mushy . 
 `` here 's a line for you , brother dearest , '' she says , clearing her throat . 
 `` ` and tell tommy to keep his mitts off that bottle of rum under the hutch -- i 'm saving it to toast my triumphant return . 
 we 've had some real successes lately and i doubt the germans will last much longer . 
 to berlin ! 
 and then , halifax . 
 yours , with an ocean of love , adam . '' ' 
 we smile at each other . 
 three hours later , the telegram arrives . 
 i die when i see two grim men out the window as i 'm getting ready for work , marching up the hill like the horsemen of the apocalypse . 
 long black coats , black shoes shiny against the dirt road , black hats . 
 `` evie , '' i whisper and she comes up behind me , puts her arms around my waist . 
 `` what , '' she says , nibbling my ear . 
 `` your heart 's going crazy , '' she says , and then looks out the window . 
 `` oh god , '' she moans , moving away from me . 
 the army men walk down the path to our door . 
 they see us in the window , but their sober faces do not reveal anything . 
 i open the door before they can knock . 
 `` thomas joyce ? '' 
 one asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` and evelyn joyce ? '' 
 `` come in , '' she says , and they do . 
 evie starts to get extra chairs but the men confer with their eyes . 
 `` we can stand . 
 but you had better sit down , '' one says . 
 evie 's pale , her eyes drowning in tears . 
 a few slip down her cheek , over her trembling lip . 
 i help her into a kitchen chair and stand beside her , hand on her shoulder . 
 my whole body is shaking , bracing for the explosion lying on this man 's tongue . 
 `` it is with heavy yet proud heart that we come to tell you that your brother , '' he says to me , like he 's singing a bach fugue , `` and your husband has made the ultimate sacrifice for his king and his country . '' 
 evie gasps . 
 `` no , no , no , '' she moans , putting her hands over her ears to stop death 's dark messenger . 
 i turn into stone , stare at the men . 
 `` corporal adam joyce was joining an assault against the enemy , '' he says , like he 's reading a script . 
 `` in the face of fierce and unexpected german resistance , the advance was reversed , and corporal joyce returned to the canadian front lines . 
 according to several witnesses , corporal joyce then saw that a junior member of his battalion had been wounded and was struggling to exit unoccupied land and return to the canadian front lines . 
 against advice , corporal joyce exited the canadian trench and returned to the battle . 
 he reached the wounded man , but was then caught by enemy fire . 
 before action could be taken to rescue him , a mortar shell exploded . 
 it is my honour to tell you that corporal joyce has been recommended posthumously for -- '' evie stops him by rising . 
 `` please leave , '' she orders . 
 her voice is calm , but i can hear the storm underneath . 
 the men nod , turn in unison and head for the door . 
 the speaker starts to offer evie advice about claiming her widow 's pension but she shakes her head . 
 i see them out . 
 i 'm standing before her numb . 
 we look at each other , two souls suddenly ruptured . 
 she opens her arms and i go to her . 
 i carry her to bed and hold her to me and she cries , her body heaving with waves of grief . 
 the sky should turn black and split open , the earth should strangle all her flowers , but outside , it 's bright and pleasant . 
 we 're out of time , and now out of space . 
 we make love . 
 chapter thirty-six the days dissolve in a chaos of loss . 
 the same people who saw adam off now return grimly to our house , offering rootless sympathy and hollow consolation about his `` sacrifice . '' 
 there is no air in our house . 
 the curtains stay shut in mourning , and evie and i wear black . 
 there 's a trickle of military personnel telling us what to do to get evie 's pension and how we can retrieve what belongings they can ship back from the front . 
 but there will be no burial . 
 the canadian front has been pushed back and the germans now occupy the land on which he lies . 
 that brings a new chasm of suffering -- no body means no funeral , no grave to visit , nothing physical to be my brother after death . 
 at night , dreams of abandoned landscapes haunt me . 
 i see his body lying alone in rainy fields , left for the rats and vultures to eat . 
 i see my beautiful brother 's blond hair smeared with mud , his fine features destroyed by time . 
 i see the entire dissolution of a man , like watching a mountain erode in minutes . 
 everyone hugs evie . 
 her eyes are raw red with grief . 
 neighbours bring food , offer help . 
 they tell me to take care of her . 
 there 's a drop of poison in it all , and that poison is our love . 
 even when we have guests , we stay a little too close to each other , speak a little too intimately . 
 i would restrain myself , but to see her suffering means i ca n't help comforting her . 
 the moon pulls the tide , and her grief pulls me . 
 i do n't care who sees what , who rumours what -- let them talk . 
 `` i ... i do n't want to cheapen my marriage , '' evie says one day after tutting aunts have left . 
 the ice box is full and dinner 's holding its warmth in the oven . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask her , tidying away the tea cups . 
 `` if things move too fast with us , people will think adam meant nothing to me , '' she says , avoiding my eyes . 
 `` forget people . 
 evie , i love you , and i loved my brother . 
 what we have now takes nothing away from that . 
 it 's got nothing to do with that . '' 
 she looks at me now . 
 her eyes are sad , tired . 
 neither of us is sleeping . 
 i 've returned to my room -- she says she needs some space to let adam go -- and i do n't sleep . 
 my entire being aches to hold her and i writhe till the sheets are twisted into a storm . 
 i 've come into her room twice in the middle of the night . 
 once , she woke , we made love and i slept . 
 the second time she asked me to leave . 
 she was crying , hugging his pillow tight . 
 i spent a restless night envying a dead man . 
 i take a week off work , and so does evie , but she never goes back . 
 `` the hospital is full of dying and maimed young soldiers . 
 i ca n't see that , '' she explains to me . 
 it does n't matter -- between what i earn at the factory and her pension , we do all right . 
 i ask her about reconciling with her parents now that she 's no longer married to a north-ender , but she spurns the idea . 
 `` i wo n't dishonour his memory , '' she declares and is angry at me for days . 
 people think our situation is n't right -- i hear them nattering about it before they see me as i wander richmond -- but no one is sure what right would look like . 
 does the widow move out of her familial home during a war ? 
 does the brother who now owns the house leave ? 
 but to live alone together , so near to death ... i do n't care . 
 let them gossip . 
 in those days of solitude as my dead brother steals back his wife , i rise early , take long , rambling walks to work , and do the same coming home . 
 it 's nothing for me to take a four-mile hike at 3 a.m. i ca n't sleep and search the city for that beauty that was once in every inch of it . 
 after two months and three days , evie comes to me at night . 
 `` come home , '' she says , arm extended . 
 i stand and take her hand and she leads me into her bedroom . 
 my brother 's bedroom . 
 my parents ' bedroom . 
 our bedroom . 
 we make love , talk till dawn . 
 i never want to sleep without her again . 
 `` you 're all that 's left , '' i whisper . 
 `` everyone else i ever loved is gone . '' 
 she nods , kisses a tear off my cheek . 
 `` you 're my everything , '' she says softly , and it 's done . 
 whatever the world says , we 're married in our souls . 
 my work suffers . 
 i ca n't focus and keep breaking the machinery . 
 my boss warns me about it , but gently -- grief buys you a lot of time and sympathy , especially when it 's a hero who died . 
 as the war stumbles bloodily on , an idea takes hold of my mind . 
 i fight it and do n't talk to evie about it . 
 i dismiss it , but it comes back from every direction . 
 i tell myself i 'm a fool and should take some time before making such a decision . 
 but it slips into my mind with steel tentacles and soon occupies all of me . 
 i ask evie to marry me . 
 yes , she says . 
 you wo n't even have to change your new last name , i tease . 
 that sucks the life out of both of us . 
 but marriage is right . 
 it was customary in the bible , she tells me -- when a man died , his brother was to step in and marry his wife . 
 no scandal -- and there should n't be , i tell her , and anyone who will listen . 
 no guilt . 
 that 's the funny thing . 
 i do n't feel any guilt at all . 
 three days after evie agrees to marry me , i destroy her with a sentence : `` i 've signed up . '' 
 chapter thirty-seven evie 's sitting with her back to me . 
 i know her so well now speech is unnecessary -- the arch of her turned back tells me everything . 
 i kiss her on the side of her neck . 
 she shrugs me off . 
 `` he really is dead , you know , '' she says , acid bleeding into her voice . 
 i sigh , walk away from her . 
 we 've had this conversation many , many times . 
 `` one hundred percent not alive . 
 we may not have his body , but i can assure you that if it does come back , we wo n't want to see it . 
 what he was is annihilated . '' 
 she says this with an unnerving calm . 
 when she 's like this i can look her straight in the eye and i may as well be looking at a stone . 
 she can hide deeply in her self . 
 i guess working with the dead and dying in a hospital does that to you . 
 `` i know that , '' i say quietly , pulling back the kitchen curtain to watch the night streets . 
 it 's dark because of the blackout . 
 i like it like that -- i like walking the lightless streets . 
 there 's no moon tonight , only stars . 
 `` then why are you going there ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i exhale slowly , loudly . 
 `` this war is bigger than me -- bigger than me and you and adam all put together . 
 now it 's my turn to carry the burden . 
 the germans wo n't stop with europe . 
 if we do n't beat them there , they 'll come here . '' 
 `` you sound like a recruitment poster , '' she scoffs . 
 i let that go . 
 i 've been training for a while now , getting battleready . 
 work at the factory had mostly prepared my body and now the military is taking care of my mind . 
 i like that . 
 i like not having to think anymore . 
 the freedom of slaves , evie called it . 
 `` i ca n't just stay safe at home while others fight for our freedom , '' i tell her , letting the curtain drop and turning back into the room . 
 `` what kind of man would that make me ? '' 
 `` the same man you were before adam died . 
 the same man i took into my bed . 
 the same man i agreed to marry . '' 
 `` i am still the same man -- but you do n't want to share your bed with a coward , do you ? '' 
 she starts to say something , but cuts herself off . 
 i twitch with a wave of anger , imagining she was going to say that it has n't stopped her so far . 
 i 've been losing my temper a lot with her lately . 
 with lots of people . 
 `` look , this is n't about any of that . 
 it 's just about me doing my duty . '' 
 she laughs , angrily . 
 `` do you think you really believe that ? '' 
 she asks , looking at me for the first time . 
 i do n't answer . 
 `` the neighbours may believe that and your family may believe that -- that you 're standing in your brother 's shoes , that his death has promoted you to head of the family and you 've finally grown up . 
 and maybe that 's all true -- but they think it 's right and dignified and holy . 
 but beneath that is a harder truth . 
 you and i ... '' she pauses a moment , looking for unpoisoned words . 
 `` you feel guilty about what we 've done and are trying to make it right . 
 but you do n't need to make it right -- and i 'm afraid you 're going to go off and commit suicide disguised as heroism . 
 you dream that as you lay dying in a muddy field in flanders , you will be absolved . 
 that somehow you will atone . 
 but that 's a lie -- your duty is here , with me . 
 atonement is here . '' 
 i ca n't look at her . 
 i ca n't hear her . 
 i stare into the shadows on the floor . 
 i start shaking my head no and ca n't stop . 
 the roof of our house keeps falling on me , slowly pressing me against the floor like the lid of a coffin . 
 i slam the door behind me and i 'm out walking . 
 the air is good , fresh . 
 the air in our house is heavy as funeral incense . 
 the sky is bright with stars and high above me and i feel free . 
 i inhale deeply , walk down rector street to the docks . 
 it 's late , but the stevedores are still at work . 
 a new merchant ship is docked at pier 6 , the crew stumbling unsteadily down the long wharf after a much-needed night on the town . 
 they 're arm-in-arm , drunkenly dancing . 
 foreigners , but i ca n't make out what kind . 
 one of them sings a very rude song about `` halifax women '' in heavily accented english , and turns the second `` a '' into a `` u '' for the finale . 
 they roar with laughter and someone appears on the ship 's deck to shush them . 
 i walk to the edge of the pier . 
 a ship slips quietly through the narrows , the crew standing on the deck , relief evident on their faces . 
 it must 've been the last ship let in before the anti-submarine nets went up for the night . 
 it heads for the safety of bedford basin , passing the wigwams of turtle grove . 
 the echo had been reporting on some dispute over there -- a fight over land , as usual . 
 the province wants the indians off , moved to a reserve at albro lake , but the indians wanted to stay . 
 ca n't say i blame them -- it sure is a pretty spot . 
 i tour richmond for a couple more long hours , walk up fort needham and sit for ages , staring out over the black waters , watching as the shipyard tucks itself in for the night . 
 when the cool of the summer evening starts to chill me , i head home . 
 i slip in the front door , take my jacket and shoes off , walk softly into the bedroom . 
 evie 's asleep , her head turned into the middle of the bed , her arms reaching into the empty half . 
 her pillow 's still damp with tears . 
 i undress and slide in beside her . 
 she does n't wake . 
 chapter thirty-eight the prow of the battleship cuts through the choppy white waves of the atlantic as we speed off to europe . 
 adam 's decorated ghost is fading as we near the theatre of war . 
 the ship 's passengers are mostly canadian soldiers , but from all over the country . 
 in training at home , i was treated as heir apparent for the title of halifax 's hero . 
 adam 's name was spoken with a special reverence . 
 here , he 's just another name to be engraved on a monument when this is all done . 
 his hands have failed , like so many others , and we rush in to take up the quarrel . 
 but we ca n't think about the sleepless dead . 
 not now . 
 evie and i wed saturday . 
 spent our last day together sunday . 
 i left monday . 
 she went through a remarkable transformation . 
 right up until thursday , she was miserable , trying to talk me out of going , even though by then that would have meant jail . 
 jail was better than the grave , she kept saying . 
 she was really angry , not talking to me at all . 
 just gloom . 
 it was like our front door had been marked with lamb 's blood -- no one came around . 
 it was just evie and me . 
 i hated to hurt her , but my life was beyond me now -- i was a piece of the military machine and i could only go where it took me . 
 and i was glad of it . 
 no more hard choices , no more responsibility . 
 abdicate my freedom to the machine , and let the machine do with me what it would . 
 thursday , though , evie woke up full of charms . 
 `` morning ! '' 
 she chirped , kissing me on the cheek . 
 she hovered over me , her body teasing mine and then zoomed back down for another kiss . 
 we got out of bed a half hour later , very happy . 
 she made me breakfast and walked with me down to the training grounds . 
 final instructions these days and brushing up on bayonet drills . 
 `` have fun ! '' 
 she said , kissing me and making to leave . 
 i grabbed her by the waist , pulled her back . 
 forget the funny looks -- we were practically married already . 
 `` what 's gotten into you ? 
 or should i say what 's gotten out of you ? '' 
 i ask her , smiling curiously . 
 i 'm not sure i want to know . 
 `` we 'll talk later , '' she says , slips out of my arms and puts on a burst of running to get up the hill . 
 she stops half-way up , turns back and waves . 
 i wave , turn into the grounds . 
 later that night , back under the covers , she talks . 
 `` my father always says , ` es muss sein , '' ' she starts . 
 `` it was supposedly the last thing beethoven ever said . 
 or wrote , really . 
 my father is a beethoven fanatic . '' 
 `` what 's that got to do with this sudden sun storm of yours ? '' 
 i ask , sitting up on my elbow . 
 `` it means , ` it must be . ' 
 the music he 'd written , the life he 'd led , and the death now approaching him -- it must be . 
 i imagine he found a peace in that , and now i 'm finding a peace in that . 
 we 've all got our destinies , and a life lived without chasing its destiny may as well be death . 
 and your destiny has brought you here with me , and now it 's taking you away to europe . '' 
 `` just like it did adam , '' i say , stroking her cheek . 
 she bites my finger . 
 `` no -- he had his own fate . 
 yours is n't the same . 
 this is n't the same . 
 life will unfold , whether we are happy about it or miserable . 
 i 've decided i 've been miserable long enough -- so let 's run after the joy like we 're chasing the sun around the globe . 
 let 's make it high noon wherever we are . '' 
 i 'm following her , but barely . 
 it 's no secret she 's smarter than i am , though she says i 've got `` raw '' intelligence . 
 `` how about this , then , '' i propose , nuzzling noses . 
 `` every day from when i leave to when i return , when the sun hits the top of the sky in either of our worlds , we stop and say the other 's name . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` all right , '' she says in a little voice . 
 `` out loud , '' i add . 
 she kisses me . 
 on saturday , the sun shines gloriously , and we are made man and wife . 
 it 's a sparse ceremony , befitting a rationed town at war . 
 some of my friends and family come , none of hers . 
 that 's fine . 
 i want this to be done our way , not just a rehash of her and adam . 
 father mckay is gracious and kind . 
 when we are married , we go home to change , make love , and then take a train along the basin to rockingham station and walk around the heart-shaped pond the duke of kent built for his lover . 
 it is a flawless day . 
 we go home , make love again and again , then sunday comes , then monday , and now here i am , coursing over the ever-cold waters of the atlantic , chasing down my destiny . 
 chapter thirty-nine i come home late , tired by another twelve-hour shift . 
 the streets are dark and empty , and the wind is harsh . 
 all the curtains are drawn , all the lights blocked so the german u-boats wo n't know where to attack . 
 it seems ridiculous , all the way over here . 
 the war is so far away . 
 most germans could n't find canada on a map , let alone sail across the ocean to attack it . 
 but german submarines do prowl offshore , and hard nets act as underwater gates to close the city each night . 
 when i first got , i took a while to heal up , but evie and i were running out of things to sell and my army money only bought enough food to make us hungrier . 
 i joked last night that we 'd have to burn the house piece by piece to avoid freezing to death . 
 i started asking around . 
 halifax is a boom town fuelled by the war , and jobs are going begging . 
 my old friend michael ryan found me a position at the sugar refinery and i do my tasks quietly . 
 my boss is an ass , but at least he 's not trying to kill me , which is more than i can say for the officers i 've left behind . 
 i go to work in the morning and come home at night . 
 i do n't want any more from life . 
 sometimes i get lost walking home . 
 i 've lived in richmond my whole life , but with the lights out , and after two years away , i take wrong turns . 
 it can take me hours to get home , wandering up and down the hills , along the dockyards , beside the railway tracks . 
 maybe i 'm not lost at all . 
 at least , my body 's not lost . 
 evie 's so good to me i ca n't stand it . 
 however bad i hurt her , whatever evil things i say , she stays . 
 we should n't be together . 
 i 'm an imposter . 
 i 'm not her husband . 
 if she stays with me , i 'll break her soul . 
 i 'm too heavy . 
 but i 'm too weak to leave her , and she 's too kind to go . 
 so i bring the war , and she offers peace . 
 i find our door , slide it open , click it shut to hold out the cold . 
 it 's dark inside -- no surprise . 
 it 's late and she 'll have gone to sleep . 
 my dinner will be on the table , but my stomach is rotted out these days and i ca n't stand food . 
 it all tastes like mud . 
 i stumble over something . 
 `` mmmmm , '' evie yawns , and there she is , sitting on our floor . 
 she stretches up , smiles sleepily at me , opens her arms to me . 
 she 's wearing her pretty blue dress . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i ask , moving into her hug . 
 my mother 's old table cloth is spread over the floor . 
 there 's bread , lamb , even some apples . 
 a small flask of wine . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i repeat , holding her back so i can look at her eyes . 
 her smile widens and she flickers her eyebrows at me . 
 lights a candle . 
 `` happy anniversary , '' she says . 
 i panic , think hard about the date . 
 we were married in summer . 
 it 's winter . 
 `` what anniversary ? '' 
 i ask , stupidly . 
 she hugs me to her , taking a long breath in , letting it roll slowly out . 
 i kiss her on her pale neck . 
 she smells so clean . 
 she lets out a big yawn , and i realize she 's been waiting for me for hours . 
 `` you 've been home two months today , '' she says , kissing me softly . 
 `` well , yesterday . 
 so i made a picnic to celebrate . '' 
 `` and i ruined it by being late . '' 
 `` no ! 
 not at all . 
 well , a little , '' she says , teasing . 
 `` but that 's not your fault . '' 
 `` mr. west , '' i explain . 
 `` says the bitter war never stops , so the sweet sugar ca n't stop either . '' 
 she nods , starts breaking up the bread . 
 she hands me a piece . 
 i 'm sitting right beside her , so i can feel every move . 
 `` where on earth did you find wine ? '' 
 i ask . 
 even cheap beer is expensive these days , and i 'm kind of glad about that . 
 food tastes awful , but booze is delicious . 
 luckily , the temperance movement has just about succeeded in drying out the whole city . 
 she sticks her tongue out at me . 
 `` never you mind about that . 
 a woman has her ways , '' she says . 
 i take the glass she offers me and we drink , arms entwined . 
 the wine feels warm and good running down my throat . 
 `` to you , '' i say . 
 `` to you , '' she replies . 
 we smile . 
 i set down the glass and we move toward each other . 
 noses nuzzling , i stroke my fingers through her hair . 
 `` i love you , evie , '' i whisper . 
 `` i love you too , '' she says , nibbling on my ear . 
 and peace comes dropping slowly into my heart . 
 i 'm lazarus leaving the grave , soft eyes only for my saviour . 
 the iron that has pumped through my veins for two years melts , turns back to warm blood . 
 all the dark things that have troubled my spirit for so long rise up in me . 
 i let them go . 
 chapter forty `` you 've got to take her ! '' 
 krauss shouts , exasperated . 
 it 's the fifth makeshift hospital he 's taken the bleeding girl to , and the fifth they 've been turned away from . 
 they left the prison at dawn and have been wandering for hours . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , but we are full of seriously injured people -- people who would die if they left here . 
 we just do n't have room for mildly injured people , '' the nurse explains . 
 her eyes are bloodshot ; she 's been working twenty-five straight hours . 
 krauss covers his face with his hands , takes a deep breath . 
 `` what am i supposed to do with her ? '' 
 the nurse smiles . 
 `` take care of her . '' 
 she puts an arm around adelaide . 
 `` your new friend here will take good care of you , wo n't you ? '' 
 she says , looking at the reporter . 
 he grunts , nods . 
 `` let 's wrap up your little boo-boo , and then you two can find somewhere nice to sit and wait for things to get settled out , all right ? '' 
 the girl nods . 
 she 's barely spoken since the soldiers tore her from her mother 's frozen corpse in the middle of the night . 
 the nurse bandages the girl 's cuts . 
 pats her on the head . 
 `` now go find someplace you can rest , '' she instructs them both . 
 `` there are hospices in the south end that are still taking people . '' 
 `` can we go please ? '' 
 adelaide asks , tugging on his sleeve . 
 he sighs . 
 `` fine . 
 but i 've got work to do , too . 
 so we 'll have to do both . '' 
 she 's at least wearing proper winter clothes now . 
 the hospitals were handing out stacks of sweaters and coats from those who had died overnight , or that had been handed in from undamaged areas . 
 `` right . 
 bundle up , '' krauss says , turning up his own collar and pulling down his new hat . 
 the girl buries herself into her coat and hat . 
 `` thanks , '' he says to the nurse , who smiles tiredly and pats him on the back . 
 chapter forty-one i awake chilled ; my face is frozen . 
 i blink away the nightmares and the frost and look around . 
 i 'm in a tent , under a thick covering of army blankets . 
 i kick them off and stand . 
 the walls of the tent shake with the wind . 
 there 's a dim light coming through . 
 the fire 's gone out and there 's ice on the insides of the walls . 
 the wind dies down and i can hear faint voices coming from outside . 
 the catastrophe kicks back into my head . 
 evie 's still missing . 
 the city 's still crushed . 
 i do up my coat and untie the tent door . 
 three feet of snow fall inside , along with the arctic chill . 
 it 's still snowing . 
 the field of white tents blends into the white snow covering the commons . 
 it 's coming down in orderly lines . 
 i can make out the armoury . 
 trucks and horses mill about outside it , somehow finding fresh wounded to bring in . 
 a long line of shivering people wraps around the front , disappearing to the side . 
 i walk toward it and find the young soldier from the night before . 
 he 's standing near the field hospital , smoking . 
 `` morning , sir , '' he says . 
 he offers me another cigarette . 
 we stand puffing , shivering . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` everything 's under control . 
 we got help in from the valley , from cape breton , from the south shore . 
 i heard that even boston is sending supplies . 
 this city 'll be up and running by christmas . '' 
 he must be nineteen years old . 
 `` the trains from the valley are bringing food and doctors , '' he says . 
 `` but it seems like the worst of the injuries are over . '' 
 `` and i guess the night thinned our numbers , '' i say . 
 he nods . 
 `` i took two bodies out of the tents already today . 
 did n't see them go in , but one fellow had a bad cut on the side of his neck , and i guess he bled to death in the night . 
 the other was a kid . '' 
 he takes a long drag . 
 `` what happened to the kid ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he 's quiet , then : `` nothing . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 `` well , it looks like the explosion did n't do anything but darken his face , '' the soldier clarifies . 
 `` what 'd he die of then ? '' 
 `` cold , i guess . 
 like i said , i did n't see him go in the tent . 
 but he was in there this morning , frozen solid . '' 
 we smoke for a moment . 
 i 'm thinking he 's got a lot of guilt , but there was no way he could have spotted the kid coming in from god knows where and not knowing how to start the stove . 
 i think i should tell him that , but do n't . 
 `` i 'm sure evie is just fine , '' he suddenly says . 
 i look at him hard . 
 `` how do you know her name ? '' 
 he gets embarrassed , turns his eyes to his polished boots . 
 `` you were shouting to her all night , sir . '' 
 i curse , apologize . 
 `` it 's nothing , sir . 
 at least i knew you were still alive . '' 
 `` did you sleep at all last night ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` someone had to watch these tents . '' 
 i toss the cigarette on the ground . 
 `` thanks for everything , '' i say , patting him on the arm . 
 he nods and i start to walk away . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 he calls to me over my shoulder . 
 `` you might want to go to camp hill hospital . 
 i think you might have a concussion . '' 
 i thank him and start back to the north end . 
 i spent my first days back home in camp hill . 
 it was a new hospital , not yet fully running . 
 it was built to treat all the mangled soldiers returning from europe . 
 i stayed long enough to let them fix my elbow and leg . 
 i was hoping the halifax blast had knocked me back to the way i was before the european shocks . 
 guess not . 
 i turn and start running . 
 my head , it is n't right . 
 i ca n't think . 
 i 'm thinking about the hospital now . 
 i 'm sure evie 's there . 
 maybe she 's unconscious , lying in a bed , and no one knows who she is . 
 maybe they found out her name but ca n't find me . 
 maybe she heard about the refinery and thinks i 'm dead . 
 running through the smashed streets i see a man holding a newspaper : halifax wrecked , it shouts . 
 underneath it says at least a thousand are dead . 
 at least . 
 the city 's knocked to pieces and three feet of clean snow has buried it . 
 most of the fires are out , at any rate . 
 there are corpses everywhere , piled like stone walls . 
 most of them are frozen , their busted faces covered in white frost . 
 some clearly died in the explosion , while some survived the blast only to fall over in the night , leaving an elbow or knee sticking out of the snow . 
 it 's strangely peaceful as the morning sun illuminates the blizzard . 
 the dead have become part of the city . 
 people are already dressed for mourning . 
 women head-to-toe in black wander sobbing through the desolation . 
 a few demented men pull beams out of holes where houses used to be , praying for miracles . 
 there are n't many today . 
 chapter forty-two krauss and the girl step out into the blinding blizzard . 
 the wind is howling , throwing hard snow in their faces . 
 jack takes adelaide 's hand and leads her to what he hopes is the south end . 
 soldiers work in the new day , clearing the roads inch by inch , but it 's slow going . 
 now and then a body looms out of the whiteness . 
 half way to the south-end hospice the nurse sent them to he sees two bodies and at first thinks they 're lovers who died in each other 's arms . 
 the top one 's moving . 
 krauss stumbles and slides down the slope , eager to help . 
 the girl struggles to keep up . 
 `` hey , '' he shouts , but the wind steals his words . 
 he 's right on top of the pair before the moving one spots him . 
 they lock eyes for a few seconds . 
 the boy 's young , maybe thirteen , and covered in soot . 
 the look on his face says he 's been in tougher situations . 
 krauss takes in the scene for what it is : the boy is kneeled over a frozen old man , riffling through his pockets . 
 the man 's neck is bent back like he got dropped on it , but everything is covered in hoar frost . 
 his jacket 's stiff with the cold and the younger man is having a hard time removing the wallet , but he 's already got the watch . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 krauss shouts again , running at the boy . 
 he stands his ground , digging frantically into the pockets while krauss shoves him . 
 `` hey yourself ! '' 
 the boy says , falling back into the snow . 
 `` how 's this your business ? '' 
 krauss stands up , dusts the snow off himself . 
 `` you ca n't rob the dead , '' krauss says . 
 `` what , i should rob the living ? 
 that 'd be better ? '' 
 then , with a little menace , eyeing krauss up and down , `` you two got anything worth taking ? '' 
 `` do n't even try , '' krauss growls , putting an arm around the girl . 
 he 's got size on the boy , but he has n't fought in a long time . 
 `` and leave this poor man alone . '' 
 `` that ai n't no man , that 's a corpse , and a corpse do n't need to know what time it is , and a corpse do n't need money , '' the boy says , spitting . 
 he starts coughing and krauss notices he 's not got a jacket on . 
 `` look , there 's relief on in the city -- why do n't you head back that way and find some place warm , '' krauss tells him . 
 the boy shakes his head . 
 `` them soldiers have got shoot-to-kill orders . 
 i do n't want to give them target practice . '' 
 krauss cocks an eye . 
 `` they are n't going to kill you . 
 you 're just a boy . '' 
 `` i heard about a looter strung up from a lamppost , '' the boy says , fear finally creeping into his voice . 
 krauss shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm a reporter . 
 i 've spent all day covering this city , talking to everyone . 
 nobody 's been killed . 
 it 's just a bluff to scare people into doing the right thing . '' 
 the boy seems relieved . 
 `` just go , '' krauss says . 
 the boy stands , looking nervous , like he 's got something to say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 krauss asks , also nervous . 
 `` thanks , '' the boy says , tears in his voice . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 asks krauss , feeling touched and a little heroic . 
 `` for setting me on the right path , '' the boy whispers . 
 he steps closer to krauss in the pounding storm . 
 he 's got his arms open . 
 krauss smiles , opens his own , and the boy falls into them . 
 he 's sobbing away on the reporter 's chest , pounding his fists in grief . 
 krauss gives him a minute , then holds him at arm 's length . 
 `` go and get some help , '' he repeats , smiling . 
 `` yes sir , '' says the boy . 
 he starts to run down the tracks , stops after a few yards . 
 he turns back and waves , holding something small and brown . 
 krauss waves back . 
 `` is n't that your wallet ? '' 
 asks adelaide . 
 `` what ? 
 no , my wallet 's -- '' he starts , patting his coat pocket . 
 the wallet 's gone.chapter forty-four skirt around the back of citadel hill -- it looks like a big white cake under all that snow . 
 smoke puffs out of the moat from the people camped out in there . 
 must 've been cold under that night sky full of blizzard . 
 i cross a field and head down robie street . 
 i 'm outside of the dead zone now and robie looks like it always does -- an ungainly mix of cars , trucks , horses and wagons pushing each other out of the way , narrowly avoiding killing each other . 
 the hospital 's set off the road a bit , up a little hill . 
 a big truck is backed up to its front door , the cloth-covered back tucked under the foyer . 
 bandaged soldiers unload the civilian wounded . 
 i recognize one of the men from my stay in the hospital . 
 he was recovering in the bed next to mine . 
 english , but with a canadian father . 
 his parents were still in london , but he managed to escape europe 's war machine by coming to canada after being injured . 
 he 'd heard good things about the pine-scented air and the opportunities big enough for any ambition . 
 `` paul , '' i say to him . 
 `` tommy ! 
 what brings you back here ? '' 
 he says , stepping away from the truck . 
 he 's polite , funny . 
 not fazed by the catastrophe . 
 `` i 'm looking for evie . '' 
 `` ah , yes , the edenic evelyn , '' paul says dreamily . 
 he flirted something awful with her every time she came in to see me . 
 `` funny i have n't run into her yet . 
 she working or recovering ? '' 
 `` i do n't know that she 's here , '' i tell him , trying to keep my voice steady . 
 `` i 've been searching since the blast , but have n't found her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 's around somewhere , '' he says , without much conviction . 
 `` there are more than a thousand people in here , and it 's the same at all the hospitals and prisons across the city . 
 any public space has been taken over by the military . 
 there 's even an american hospital ship full of wounded . 
 you could try there . 
 the paper 's compiling a list of the -- '' suddenly he stops . 
 `` of the dead ? '' 
 i offer . 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 of the dead . '' 
 i think of the newspaper man i ran into last night . 
 maybe he knows something . 
 `` but , well , there 's no point worrying about that , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll put the word out here , and if she is here , i 'll find you and let you know . 
 you got a picture of her or something ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` the house burned with everything in it . 
 i had a photograph in my coat pocket , but the blast blew my clothes right off me . '' 
 paul raises his eyes in alarm . 
 `` poor , poor halifax -- the horrors she has witnessed ! '' 
 i smile a little . 
 the snow 's still coming heavy and wet , sticking to our clothes , so we step inside . 
 it 's warmer in the hospital , but there 's no heat , no electricity . 
 the windows are all gone , the windy holes covered by blankets hung across them . 
 some have wood planks nailed to them , making for dark stretches of the corridors . 
 it still smells of new paint in some places . 
 banged-up survivors are lying everywhere , some moaning , some resigned to a long wait . 
 most look scared , but some are still shocked -- those familiar sightless eyes staring through walls . 
 nurses are doing triage in the entryway and sending the worst hit deeper into the hospital , but that leaves plenty clinging to life and waiting for space . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 i ask paul . 
 `` plenty bad . 
 this hospital is n't even finished , and when it 's finished , it 's supposed to take in two hundred and eighty military personnel . 
 at last count there were fourteen hundred people in here . '' 
 i let out a low whistle . 
 `` it 's the same all over town . 
 every hospital is stuffed full . 
 they say ten thousand injured , two or three thousand dead . 
 the morgues are overflowing . 
 thanks god it 's winter , and the bodies can lie in the ruins for a while yet . '' 
 he lowers his voice to a whisper : `` we 've got people who died overnight still lying in their beds , because we 've got nowhere else to put them . '' 
 the front doors burst open . 
 `` give a hand ? '' 
 shouts a tired man in dirty civilian clothes before heading back outside . 
 paul and i , and some of the less wounded , come out to help . 
 the man 's riding a horse pulling a wagon full of wounded . 
 they 're sitting up , huddled together against the cold , still in deep shock . 
 as we start unloading them , helping them inside , where at least it 's warm , another man turns up pushing a baby carriage . 
 his eyes are wide open and he 's got frostbite all over his hands and face . 
 we help them as best we can . 
 when things settle down again , i tell paul i 'm going to have a look around . 
 `` sure -- like i say , it 's a big place . 
 but you know your way around . 
 let 's meet up tonight anyway , '' he says , standing . 
 i nod . 
 `` and bring evie . '' 
 `` thanks , paul . '' 
 he nods . 
 i turn down the corridor and head deeper into the hospital . 
 it 's thick with doctors and i have to press myself against the wall several times to avoid getting run over by flying gurneys . 
 there are people absolutely everywhere -- you can hardly walk without stepping on them . 
 the smell of bloody wounds mixes with unwashed bodies . 
 paul 's right -- thank god this is winter . 
 in summer , the stench in here would 've been unbearable . 
 i scan all the faces , those walking and those slumped on the floor , but no evie . 
 i come out into a big waiting room with locked doors . 
 it 's packed . 
 i stand there a while , not sure where to go . 
 everyone is quiet . 
 i find a free space on the wall and lean against it , out of ideas . 
 `` can you help me ? '' 
 croaks a frail voice . 
 i turn to find it . 
 an old woman sitting against the wall with her legs tucked up under her . 
 she 's wearing a thin nightgown and her feet are a sickly shade of white . 
 frostbite . 
 she 's got lots of cuts and bruises on her face , like someone threw her through a glass door , and her left eye is gone . 
 i kneel next to her . 
 `` i need a doctor , '' she whispers . 
 her throat sounds wheezy , like it 's full of holes . 
 `` so does everyone , '' i say , pointing to the others . 
 she 's silent , staring up at me with a terrified face . 
 `` they 're all dead , '' she finally whispers . 
 i take a closer look and see it 's true . 
 sitting in chairs , lying on gurneys , stretched on the floor : this is a waiting room for the dead . 
 i help the old woman to her feet and we walk back into the hospital . 
 `` i been in there all night , '' she tells me in her quiet voice . 
 `` and they 've been dead all along ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no , they were all alive . 
 i heard them dying through the night . 
 some screamed , some cried . 
 some just made that awful rattle in their chest . 
 it got really dark , and for a long time i thought there must be others still alive , but then daylight came and i saw they were all dead . '' 
 `` why did n't you leave the room ? '' 
 `` i ... i was afraid everyone was dead . 
 everyone in the city . 
 and i did n't want to know that . 
 i thought , i 'll just sit here comfortably till i die . 
 then you came in , so i knew there was at least one more alive . '' 
 she smiles warmly at me . 
 she 's missing a lot of teeth . 
 `` have you got anyone who 'd be looking for you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she nods . 
 `` i do n't remember how i got here . 
 i was home alone -- my husband is dead -- but i live with my son and his wife and their three children . '' 
 she smiles at that . 
 `` in richmond ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` duffus street . '' 
 not far from mine . 
 totally destroyed . 
 `` let 's get you to a bed and then i 'm sure they 'll find you , '' i tell her . 
 i find a calmer area , a ward full of orderly beds and nurses and doctors checking on everyone . 
 i leave the old woman with a nurse there and head back into the halls . 
 the farther in i go , the worse it gets . 
 no one stops me , no one talks to me . 
 i find a back staircase and walk down into the basement . 
 the corridors are dark and foul-smelling . 
 there are bodies in the hallway , on beds , in the bathrooms . 
 it 's an open-air cemetery . 
 the dead have taken over the earth . 
 i find another staircase and head back up into the land of the living . 
 i hear children and think that 's where evie 'd be . 
 i push open the door of a small room and a doctor turns in his chair to see me . 
 he 's in his forties , short blond hair , very handsome . 
 wearing a bow tie and dress shirt , vest and nice pants and medical gloves . 
 his eyes are drooping shut , but he looks serene . 
 he 's sitting by a row of beds filled with bandaged children . 
 a few nurses soothe them . 
 everybody 's looking at me . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 the doctor asks me . 
 i take a moment to scan the room . 
 `` no , '' i finally say . 
 i tell him i 'm looking for my wife . 
 he smiles . 
 `` judith and patricia have been here with me from the start . 
 i 'm sorry , but i have n't seen your wife . '' 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 he thinks . 
 `` since yesterday morning . 
 i had a presentation to do at the university , and was heading to the dalhousie campus when the blast hit . 
 i was fine , so i came straight here . '' 
 `` that 's more than twenty-four hours , '' i say . 
 he nods , tired . 
 `` we could do with a break -- but these children could use a break , too , '' he says with a little laugh . 
 `` so we 'll keep working for now . '' 
 half the children are missing at least one eye . 
 all have white gauze wrapped round their heads , and a shocked , empty look on their faces . 
 `` thanks for your help , '' i tell him , backing out . 
 `` good luck finding your wife , '' he calls out as the door shuts . 
 and i 'm running . 
 she 's not in here . 
 the place is necropolis , a white-painted sarcophagus filled with rotting corpses . 
 i crash into a doctor , sending him to the floor . 
 something glass breaks and he curses me . 
 i do n't care . 
 i keep going till i find the front doors and burst out of them like the place is on fire . 
 outside i bend over to catch my breath . 
 the air is cold in my lungs , the world white with cottony snow . 
 chapter forty-three evie 's upset . 
 i 've been back a few weeks and it 's not getting any better . 
 everything i do tears holes through us . 
 `` i love you , evie ! '' 
 i say , as if she 'll smile like a girl given a sweet . 
 `` what exactly do you think that means ? '' 
 she asks , voice hard . 
 `` it ... it means that you mean everything to me . '' 
 `` so you treat me like this ? 
 like i 'm the enemy and you can do whatever you like to make yourself feel better ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i do n't do whatever i like . 
 evie , i 'm trying to fix my head , but it 's so smashed i do n't even know where to begin . 
 it was hell over there -- '' `` it was hell over here , tommy . 
 do you know how hard it was ? 
 waiting alone for you ? 
 with no family anymore , with no friends -- nothing but a dead first husband and an absent second one ? 
 the only person i could even talk to was father mckay , and now you wo n't even speak to him . 
 you do n't care what he means to me -- you only know what he means to you . 
 and even before that -- when adam was alive and i was with you ? 
 how hard that was for me ? '' 
 she asks , tears slipping down her face . 
 she rubs them off harshly . 
 `` i know , i know -- it was hard for you , '' i say , but i do n't . 
 `` it was hard for me , too . 
 he may have been your husband , but he was my brother . 
 you were afraid we 'd get caught -- so was i. '' she glares at me . 
 `` you just do n't understand , do you ? 
 you do n't understand any of it . 
 i loved you , but that did n't mean i loved adam any less . 
 i was never afraid of getting caught . 
 maybe i even wanted to get caught , so i did n't have to think what i was thinking . '' 
 her eyes are locked on me defiantly . 
 `` at times , i imagined him dying . 
 when you were here and he was there , and when what we had was good , i imagined him never coming home . 
 i thought this was our home -- yours and mine -- and i could n't imagine finding space for him here . 
 i could n't imagine saying goodbye to you . 
 and now he 's dead . 
 and you keep losing your mind , screaming and throwing a tantrum , and i 'm supposed to just take it . '' 
 i 'm broken bottles . 
 i ca n't touch her without drawing blood . 
 `` evie -- '' `` i wo n't put up with it anymore . 
 it 's not just me and you now . 
 we 've got a child on the way . 
 how am i supposed to raise a child when i 'm afraid something i say might set you off again ? 
 how do i know you wo n't one day hit our baby ? '' 
 i start to protest but she cuts me off . 
 `` i gave up everything for your brother , and then i gave it up again for you . 
 at least he made me feel like it was worth it . '' 
 she looks away at the end of that . 
 `` i wo n't give it up for the baby . 
 you do n't come first anymore , tommy . 
 you 're beyond last chances . 
 you hit me -- you pushed me onto the floor . 
 how do you think that makes me feel ? 
 first , you think i 'm a whore who 's sleeping with every sailor in halifax just because i fell in love with you and slept with you while adam was alive , and then you make it up to me by humiliating me . 
 say what you want about your brother -- keep telling yourself he had no poetry , that he could n't know me deep enough to really love me -- but he loved me enough to never do that . '' 
 `` i 'm sor -- '' `` that 's as empty as your i-love-yous . 
 you do n't even know what the words mean . 
 you just know you 're supposed to say them . '' 
 `` evie , you 're everything to me . 
 before i met you , i had ice in my veins -- all i did was look at pictures of sunsets , and i thought that was real . 
 then you walked in the room and i felt it on my skin -- the warmth , the heat -- and thought , ` oh , so this what it feels like to be alive . ' 
 without you , i 'm drowning and desperate and i 'll do anything to stay above water . 
 i 'm terrified , and i 'll push down anyone to stay up with you . 
 `` those days i spent with austin in the middle of no man 's land -- that was my life before you . 
 i was just another dead man in the graveyard . 
 i could n't feel anything , and ... and i got to thinking that i 'd lose you , because why would you chose me , and ... and ... '' i run out of words , stare up at her with pleading eyes . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` why did you think you 'd lose me ? '' 
 she asks , pinching her nose . 
 `` because i do n't know how i won you in the first place . 
 i do n't know why you 're with me and i 'm sure you 'll realize one day you do n't either and you 'll leave me . '' 
 `` so you push me away . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 because nothing on earth can hurt me like you could . 
 the whole war bounced off me like pebbles thrown at a castle wall , so long as i had you . 
 nothing hurt . 
 but when i thought i 'd lost you ... without you , the wind eats through my skin , the ground burns my feet . 
 it 's agony or nothing , without you . 
 i go numb just to survive . 
 without you , i ca n't feel anything -- because everything is pain . '' 
 evie sighs , rubs her eyes . 
 `` enough with the poetry . 
 just speak plainly , tommy . '' 
 `` sorry , i 'm not trying -- '' she stops me again , shakes her head . 
 `` so why do you keep pushing me away ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` to see if you 'll leave , '' i say . 
 she raises her eyebrows , lets out a laugh . 
 `` i mean , i know that sounds stupid , and maybe it is , but what i mean is i 'm so scared of losing you that sometimes it seems easier to just get it over with , you know ? 
 to put me out of my misery . '' 
 `` so this is misery , being with me . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no -- it 's -- ah , that 's not it , not at all ! 
 you know what i mean ! '' 
 `` no , tommy , i do n't . 
 sometimes i really do n't . '' 
 `` you understand me . 
 no one else does -- i feel like i speak a different language , but you understand me . 
 and i guess i need to know that you need me . 
 need me like i need you . 
 i 'd rather have you angry than indifferent . 
 at least if you 're angry , i know you care . 
 i 'd rather you hate me than not care at all . '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` why would i hate you ? 
 i 'm faithful to you for all the years you 're away -- and trust me , there were plenty of opportunities , and i was plenty lonely . 
 i wait for you , and as soon as you come home , you try to drive me out . 
 what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i tell her i do n't know . 
 fire always ends up ashes . 
 `` stop being such a fool , tommy . 
 i could go back to truro first thing tomorrow morning . 
 the second i leave you and the north end , my family would forgive me , take me in and i could raise the baby there . 
 we 'd have all the food and warmth we need . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` then you need to heal yourself . 
 now , '' she says . 
 `` you need to grow up -- to wake up tomorrow morning and decide that you do n't come first anymore . 
 the baby does . 
 i do . 
 all three of us as one , and that one thing is more important than anything else . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you will never hit me again . 
 you will never raise your hand to our baby . 
 the past is over . 
 it 's us three against the world now . 
 all right ? '' 
 i nod , keep nodding . 
 evie kisses me on the cheek . 
 crouches in front of the fire and scoops more coal on the embers . 
 a harsh wind rattles the front windows , swoops down the chimney . 
 the fire grabs the oxygen and comes back to life . 
 `` fires only go out when you stop tending them , '' she says . 
 she looks over her shoulder at me , smiling . 
 `` you 're not the only one with poetry . '' 
 chapter forty-four the blizzard 's easing up . 
 sunlight fills the clouds . 
 the ruins of homes poke through the snow and the roads are clear . 
 groups of soldiers and sailors shovel paths for emergency vehicles , but the only transport moving are sleighs . 
 the snow 's too deep for anything else . 
 some people are still digging through ruins , but the focus has shifted to removing the dead . 
 the big , low sleighs stop next to the cordwood stacks of bodies and load up . 
 three across , four down . 
 twelve dead per load . 
 if there are two thousand dead , this will take months . 
 the drivers spur the horses , the horses strain to move under the burden , dragging the wagons up the steep hills to the morgues . 
 i walk past a house on the southern edge of the disaster area that 's mostly crumbled but must 've been spared the fire , because the buckled skeleton is still standing . 
 i hear a whining , and think it 's the wind . 
 it changes pitch ; it 's a baby crying . 
 i walk into the building , ears wide , but now i can only hear the blizzard 's howling wind dancing around the creaking beams . 
 i catch it again . 
 follow . 
 nothing . 
 i 'm going crazy -- i know there 's a baby in here but it 's not anywhere . 
 maybe it 's a ghost . 
 i hear it again : cellar . 
 i lower myself through a hole in the floor . 
 it 's warm and smoky down here , damp with the melting snow trickling through the cracks . 
 the stove 's tipped over , the embers spilled on the ground . 
 protected from the snow , the wood smoulders on . 
 the child cries again . 
 there 's a heavy pot peeking out from under the stove . 
 i wrench the stove off it so it crashes into the corner and turn the pot over and the infant lets loose an earth-shattering wail . 
 i scream too . 
 `` alive ! '' 
 i shout , finding my voice hoarse . 
 i pick up the swaddled child and hold her tight under my coat . 
 she 's bruised , but fiercely alive , screaming and pounding her tiny fists against my chest . 
 i kiss her face , whisper that everything 's going to be all right . 
 `` alive ! '' 
 i scream again , angling my head upward . 
 i put the baby through the hole in the floor and pull myself up after her . 
 there 's a commotion outside as rescuers try to find my voice . 
 i shout again and the house is flooded with soldiers and civilians . 
 everyone 's shouting , trying to touch the baby . 
 the floor cracks and we hastily exit to the street . 
 people see me emerge with the screaming baby and start shouting . 
 i 'm grinning and crying and shaking all over , clutching the child to me like she 's my heart . 
 `` hallelujah ! '' 
 cries one man , falling to his knees . 
 `` it 's a miracle ! '' 
 survivors come pouring off the ruins from all directions , crowding in a circle around me and the miracle baby . 
 i try and tell them the pan must 've fallen on her before the stove fell on that , and that either could have killed her but did n't , but i 'm not making any sense . 
 three soldiers head back into the house to check for others , but find only the bodies of a woman and three children . 
 no man , though -- cause for hope . 
 maybe he 's unconscious in hospital , or fighting overseas . 
 a shock wave of relief and a fire of optimism surges through the crowd . 
 everyone 's smiling , celebrating , asking me questions . 
 i tell the story of how i found her again and again . 
 everyone wants to hold the baby , but i ca n't let go of her . 
 she 's quiet now , looking at the world with big eyes . 
 `` is she yours ? '' 
 an officer asks me . 
 i tell him she is n't . 
 `` anyone know who lived at this address ? '' 
 he asks , raising his voice to be heard over the tumult . 
 but it 's still hard to tell where we are on the street , and no one is sure whose house -- or child -- this is . 
 `` better get her to hospital , '' the officer says to me . 
 i nod but there 's no way i 'm letting her go . 
 she 's warm and wet with tears , mine and hers , and snuggling into my chest . 
 i think of evie , and our child hiding in her womb , rub the tears off my face . 
 i shake my head . 
 the officer smiles . 
 `` you want to do the honours ? '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 i say , voice trembling . 
 i 'm shaking all over , but holding the baby tight . 
 we find more clothes , wrap her so thick she looks like a little cloud , and i get on the back of a horse that 's been unhooked from its wagon for speed . 
 women follow us right to the horse , coddling the child , holding her while i get on the animal . 
 a woman passes up the baby and we go off at a trot . 
 the rhythm soothes the child and she 's soon asleep . 
 the crowd follows us for a moment , waving and cheering , until someone reminds them of their purpose . 
 `` back to the ruins ! 
 next one to find a baby wins ! '' 
 a man shouts . 
 one rescue wipes out hundreds of recoveries . 
 you 've got to believe it 's worth it . 
 the street falls behind the veil of snow as the rescuers head back into the ruins . 
 i ride through the streets like a king . 
 i tell the driver the story , say i 'm going to adopt the girl , my head full of fantasies . 
 we go to a military convalescence home that 's been turned into a makeshift hospital . 
 the staff are asleep on their feet , but everyone 's happy to see the baby . 
 `` thank you , sir , '' says a friendly-looking nurse in her fifties , taking the baby . 
 `` can i see her again ? '' 
 i ask , feeling a coldness on my chest when the baby 's gone . 
 `` of course . '' 
 the nurse smiles . 
 `` i 'll be here all day and night , you just come and see me , and we 'll go and see her . '' 
 i linger . 
 i ca n't be alone anymore . 
 `` what a pretty girl ! '' 
 the nurse says , checking for injuries . 
 `` a little bruised , but you 'll be just fine , wo n't you ? '' 
 with another smile for me , the nurse heads back into the hospital . 
 and just like that , i fall . 
 it 's not my baby . 
 it 's not evie . 
 it 's just one tiny light in a universe of blackness . 
 it 's not enough . 
 i run out of the dead zone , out of the city , away from everyone who 's not evie . 
 i keep going south because i ca n't think of anywhere else to go . 
 my head is tumbling between past and present , hanging over the dark edge of the future . 
 chapter forty-five krauss and the girl trudge through the snow , heading south . 
 they 've stopped at a dozen hospitals and hospices , but all are full . 
 there 's one more to try , far enough from the destroyed area that it might not yet be full . 
 `` how 's your arm ? '' 
 he asks adelaide , glancing sideways at her . 
 `` all right , '' she whispers , holding it . 
 `` we 'll find somewhere with room , and you 'll be fine , '' he reassures her as they walk toward point pleasant park . 
 the househospital is on its edge . 
 they cross a bridge and krauss sees a familiar man leaning on the stone wall , staring through the storm to the ocean . 
 `` thomas ? '' 
 he asks . 
 the man turns slowly . 
 his face is dead . 
 sleepless circles stand out darker on his soot-stained skin . 
 his eyes take in the girl , take in jack , but he does n't give any sign of recognition . 
 `` i saw you at the chebucto school morgue last night , and at the blast before that , '' the reporter reminds him . 
 joyce stares , starts to open his mouth , but ends up just nodding . 
 he looks like he could fall asleep at any second . 
 or die . 
 adelaide hides behind krauss 's legs . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 joyce shakes his head . 
 he tries to speak , bites his lip , starts again . 
 `` it 's over , '' he manages , so quietly jack has to lean in . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 a dismissive shake of the head . 
 `` everything . 
 i 've searched this whole city . 
 everybody 's dead . '' 
 his eyes return to the storm-troubled sea , watching the white waves roiling on the shore . 
 `` i 've got a heart full of dead children , '' he mutters in a low , lost voice . 
 `` found one but it was n't mine . 
 none of them are mine . 
 evie 's dead , and the baby too . 
 nothing 's mine . '' 
 `` look , i 've got to take this girl to hospital . 
 just wait here -- i 'll be back in a few minutes , '' krauss says , placing a hand on joyce 's shoulder . 
 no response . 
 `` all right ? '' 
 joyce closes his eyes , breathes out shakily . 
 `` there 's no point , '' he mumbles , so krauss can barely hear him . 
 `` just stay put , '' the reporter says , taking adelaide by the hand . 
 `` what 's wrong with that man ? '' 
 she whispers as they walk away . 
 krauss shakes his head , glancing back at joyce , a black hole in the white storm . 
 `` too much . '' 
 they find the hospice . 
 a middle-aged woman opens the door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` this gi -- , '' he starts , catching himself . 
 `` adelaide is badly wounded , cut on an iron stove , and needs help , '' jack says , arm around her . 
 `` you 're her father ? '' 
 he stumbles , trying to explain it . 
 `` guardian ? '' 
 the woman tries , running an eye over the girl . 
 `` yes , yes , '' krauss says . 
 `` upstairs , last door on the right -- there 's a nurse there who will see to you , '' she says , and turns back into the house . 
 they climb the thickly carpeted staircase , adelaide wide-eyed at the immense family portraits hanging along the wall . 
 the last room is dark and quiet , apart from the breathing of the wounded . 
 the room is warm , stinking of sweat and unwashed bodies . 
 there 's a low level of chatter humming like melancholy violins . 
 there are eight occupied beds , eight bodies under blankets , eight chests rising and falling , pushing off relentless death . 
 three empty beds . 
 there 's a window at the end , its curtains pulled back . 
 the snow is easing up now , letting a ray of sun through . 
 the big backyard is full of clean snow . 
 the evergreen trees look like they 're wearing white dresses . 
 a pretty young nurse greets them . 
 `` oh dear , that 's quite a bang , '' she says to adelaide . 
 the girl nods , suddenly crying . 
 `` and what a brave girl you are ! 
 and you know what ? 
 you 'll be fine -- we 'll have you mended in no time , '' the nurse says with a smile that makes the girl smile . 
 jack , too . 
 `` long shift ? '' 
 he asks as she helps adelaide into one of the empty beds . 
 the woman smiles again , duller this time , no longer hiding the fatigue . 
 she does n't meet his eye as she reties her brown hair up . 
 `` everyone 's working hard , '' is all she says . 
 `` you live in the south end ? '' 
 he asks . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` richmond . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' krauss says . 
 the nurse takes a long , shaky breath . 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's a bad time for a lot of people . '' 
 `` did you lose anyone ? '' 
 krauss asks . 
 she answers with a cocked eyebrow . 
 `` sorry , none of my business , '' he backtracks . 
 `` just , you know , the area was badly hit . '' 
 `` i know , '' she says quietly . 
 `` i was home at the time . 
 my house was destroyed , but i survived . 
 i do n't remember anything before waking up here , '' she says quietly , adjusting blankets for adelaide . 
 the girl 's already half asleep . 
 `` can i do anything else ? '' 
 krauss asks . 
 `` ask downstairs , '' the nurse answers . 
 he nods . 
 `` you be good if i leave you with the nurse , '' he tells adelaide . 
 she nods , taking the nurse 's hand . 
 `` i 'll be back soon , '' he tells her . 
 adelaide hesitates , climbs out of bed and runs over to jack . 
 standing on her toes , she kisses him on the cheek . 
 `` thanks , '' he says , blushing . 
 adelaide nods , runs back to the nurse . 
 `` this is probably a silly question , but do i know you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 she looks at him . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' she finally says . 
 `` you 're not from around here , are you ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` hm . 
 i do n't know , '' krauss continues . 
 `` you seem familiar . '' 
 `` not a very original line , '' she says , smiling tiredly . 
 jack 's heart flutters , and he blushes deeper . 
 `` no , sorry , i did n't mean that -- i just meant -- '' `` i know . '' 
 she pulls on a smile and talks to adelaide . 
 `` adelaide 's a pretty name . 
 mine 's evelyn and i 'm going to get you fixed . 
 i 'm helping a doctor make people better in a room just down the hall . 
 as soon as he 's done with the person he 's helping now , we 'll gp on and get you fixed . 
 all right ? 
 jacjk geads down the stairs , something digging at the back of his brain . 
 his hand closes on the doorknob , twists it open . 
 the icy wind blows snow over the threshold , the storm wanting to conquer everything . 
 jack starts to smile , slams the door shut and runs up the stairs . 
 chapter forty-six it 's late , december 5 , 1917 . 
 evie and i are sitting by the fire sharing a thick blanket . 
 `` you 're freezing ! '' 
 she squeals as i snuggle into her . 
 `` of course i am ! 
 it 's like the north atlantic out there , '' i say , rubbing my cold feet into her bum . 
 she squirms , pushes them away . 
 i 've just put a hot brick into the bed , so we wo n't freeze as soon as we get in . 
 evie makes a show of chattering her teeth , but starts rubbing my feet . 
 `` you 're so kind , '' i say , making cow eyes at her . 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` i 've got to sleep with these feet . 
 it 's in my interest to warm them up . '' 
 i smile , but i 'm antsy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she finally asks . 
 `` hm ? 
 nothing , '' i say , but i 'm a terrible liar . 
 she huffs and turns to me . 
 `` you may as well have ` i want to talk ' written in ink on your head . 
 so tell me , '' she says , with a soft kiss to my ear . 
 she lingers to bite it . 
 i sigh . 
 i do n't want to ruin such a lovely night . 
 `` fine . 
 it 's about the letter i sent you . '' 
 i expect a dramatic reaction -- a sharp exhalation of breath , followed by a storming off , and then a back facing me in the bed . 
 instead , she smiles . 
 `` you know , the last one before i got hurt and came home , '' i prompt . 
 `` i know , '' she says , quietly . 
 she 's happy . 
 she should be getting ready to slap me . 
 `` i 'm really sorry you had to see it . 
 i was n't in my right mind then . '' 
 she looks at me oddly , a little hurt . 
 `` so you did n't mean what you wrote ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 this is going better than i had imagined it would . 
 `` none of it ? '' 
 i smile , shake my head again . 
 `` not a word . '' 
 `` hmph , '' she says , but she 's more confused than angry as she turns away from me . 
 i 'm confused , too . 
 `` we are talking about the last one i sent , yes ? '' 
 i check . 
 `` yes . 
 so why did you write it then ? '' 
 she asks , teeth gritted . 
 `` i told you , the trench was rotting my brain , and i got all jealous and nuts , and wrote that . 
 i should 've just thrown it away . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad you did n't , '' she says . 
 i think things through for a minute , trying to understand her reaction . 
 she gets up without a word , goes to the bedroom , and i decide i 'll give her some time to settle in before joining her , but she comes back a few seconds later . 
 she 's got a shoe box . 
 she opens it to reveal a treasure trove of letters , all on that familiar thin army paper and in ugly army envelopes . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i ask , though it 's obvious . 
 `` the letters you sent me , '' she says , smiling , and picks through them expertly , quickly selecting one . 
 the military postmark shows it to be the last one i sent . 
 `` ` dearest evie , '' ' she begins , then looks up at me . 
 `` do you mind if i read it ? '' 
 `` no , please , '' i say , knowing the hate letter did n't begin like that , unless she 's censoring it . 
 maybe one of the army censors took pity on a poor insane soldier and tossed out the one i wrote , replacing it with this . 
 `` there are a few lines scratched out at the top . 
 i ca n't read them -- you really obliterated them -- but you can just tell me which parts of the rest you would like to disown . 
 how about ` dearest evie ' ? 
 am i really your dearest ? '' 
 she asks , teasing . 
 i think . 
 `` yes , dearest dear , you are my dearest . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 evie goes on , reading me to me : `` ` i wake up reaching for you and my head is so full of you i ca n't believe i ca n't touch you . 
 it 's 6:30 in the morning and many months must die before i can see you . 
 i dream about you and wake cold , imagining the joy of waking to you , of kissing you awake , of seeing the birth of the day with you , touching you , feeling your hands on me . 
 but i 'm alone , and swollen with longing . 
 `` i 've been in this grave for two years now . 
 i 've survived not because i want to , but because i know you 're home waiting for me . 
 i 'm on night sentry , sitting in the trench through the dark hours , waiting and watching . 
 it 's cold . 
 a well-aimed shell would destroy the sentry 's box . 
 i do n't care , because i know that whatever happens , the sun will rise . 
 `` it 's like that with you . 
 i survive because i know i 'll see you again . 
 i know it 's not always been easy , but it makes sense to me now . 
 even if adam had lived , if there 'd been no war and we never even had our ` time out of time , ' as you called it , i 'd still love you -- and that would be enough . 
 if you broke my heart ten thousand times i 'd still love you , because the pieces all belong to you . 
 `` ` you 're everything i ever wanted , evie , and i 'm fighting this war for you . 
 i 'm awake at midnight watching the darkness to protect you . 
 i 'm dodging bullets and running from shells for you . 
 i 'm staying alive for you . 
 i 'm coming home for you . '' ' 
 she looks up at me . 
 `` all right , i did mean that , '' i say , trying to make a joke . 
 `` there was ... another letter . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` a horrible letter , '' i say . 
 she nods . 
 `` i lied , '' she says . 
 `` i can read what you wrote at the top of this one . 
 the awful , hateful things . '' 
 i start to speak ; evie silences me . 
 `` but you scratched it out . 
 you did n't send that . 
 you sent this , '' she says , holding the letter . 
 `` there 's enough of you worth saving , dear . '' 
 she strokes my cheek . 
 she licks her finger , smoothes out my eyebrow . 
 `` there 's enough of us worth saving . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` let 's go to bed , '' evie says , caressing my arm . 
 `` think it 's warm enough yet ? '' 
 i ask , stretching . 
 `` i think we can heat it up , '' she answers . 
 chapter forty-seven the sun turns the snow-filled gully beneath the bridge into a shimmering diamond too bright to look at . 
 the ocean sparkles like it 's never held battleships or bodies . 
 it 's all a pretty lie . 
 a thousand sleepless , foodless days put their knives into me and bleed me . 
 the sky is swirling , buckling and billowing like it 's hanging onto the edge of the explosion . 
 i stare up at the sunlight , but it 's dulled by the clouds . 
 i see the end , see my parents , see adam , father mckay and then evie , serene in white , and i wonder why i fought death for so long . 
 evie 's dead . 
 our baby 's dead . 
 adam 's dead . 
 mckay 's dead . 
 why am i alive ? 
 i stand up , hands on the rail , staring down at the abyss . 
 it 's all over . 
 `` tommy , '' she whispers , a warm breeze in the storm . 
 i turn . 
 a figure comes slowly through the white snow . 
 it 's not her . 
 it 's another lie , another false hope fleeing over the endless horizon . 
 `` tommy , '' she says again , stopping just beyond my arms . 
 i ca n't reach for her . 
 another ghost would destroy me . 
 she smiles and i 'm pulling her close to me , feeling her arms , her waist , her hair , her tears . 
 i say her name again and again . 
 tears stream down my face . 
 she holds me , lifts the disaster off my shoulders . 
 `` he said it was you , '' she whispers . 
 i start to breathe , my heart pushes fresh blood into my veins . 
 `` evie . '' 
 `` tommy , '' she sobs , pressing her face to mine . 
 i breath in the smell of her skin . 
 i hug her tight , then hold her out . 
 i press my hand to her belly , look at her . 
 she nods . 
 `` the baby 's fine . '' 
 she wipes a tear from my cheek . 
 glances through the snow to distant richmond . 
 `` what 'll we do now ? 
 everything is gone , '' she says . 
 the snow falls softly on the ruins of richmond , landing on the shoulders of the grieving who wander beyond tears , on the soldiers sleeping in broken homes , on the bodies of the dead and the dying . 
 i shake my head , run my hands through her hair . 
 `` everything is right here . '' 
