 the rock and the buddha a unique introduction to buddhism by philip jay gould copyright 2011 philip jay gould smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 although this is a free ebook , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied , and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com . 
 thank you for your support . 
 table of contents preface chapter 1 - the ten commandments chapter 2 - the rock meets the buddha chapter 3 - ashoka the great chapter 4 - jesus and the rock chapter 5 - kumarajiva , the great translator chapter 6 - nichiren daishonin and the rebirth of buddhism chapter 7 - the buddha creates the gohonzon chapter 8 - tsunesaburo makiguchi chapter 9 - josie toda chapter 10 - daisaku ikeda chapter 11 - the ten worlds chapter 12 - the mutual possession of the ten worlds chapter 13 - the nine consciousnesses chapter 14 - recipe for happiness : faith , practice and study chapter 15 - dependent origination chapter 16 - the river of faith : the rock takes flight preface buddha means the awakened one . 
 so anyone can become a buddha . 
 anyone can wake up from ignorance and delusion and discover their enlightened self within . 
 to fully wake up and become aware involves effort , study , a mentor , and perseverance . 
 the primary principle of the buddhist life philosophy is that nothing is more precious than human life . 
 to uncover this great value and manifest it in your daily life is to experience buddhahood or enlightenment . 
 yet buddhahood is not a fixed event . 
 rather , it is a process that continues forever . 
 buddhas always learn and improve day by day . 
 furthermore , buddhahood has no restrictions . 
 in other words , a catholic , a jew , a christian , a moslem , a hindu , an atheist , an agnostic , - all of these people can become enlightened and absolutely happy . 
 to develop the compassion , courage , wisdom , and joy of a buddha is an awe inspiring experience that all people have a right to achieve . 
 this book is a tool to help you become awakened to your ultimate potential . 
 i know you can do it . 
 i want you to experience buddhhood for yourself , and i know this book will help . 
 enjoy . 
 chapter 1 the ten commandments senji was a rock , not a pebble or a bolder , just a rock - one you could hold in your hand . 
 senji lived 4,000 bc in the forest ; but he was actually three million years old . 
 he always thought to himself , ` why ca n't i walk , or jump or fly ? 
 why do i have to just sit here and wait for something to move me ? 
 i ca n't even roll over by my self . 
 how pitiful . 
 `` senji the rock wanted to be active not just re-active . 
 he wanted to take the initiative . 
 this went on for thousands of years . 
 of course , the wind sometimes nudged him a little . 
 even the rain kept him clean from time to time . 
 however , the sun baked down on him mercilessly . 
 sometimes it rained so hard he ended up swept into fast moving rivers , with splashing rapids , and traveling for miles , rolling over and over in the water . 
 sometimes he ended up on the bottom of a swamp . 
 it took many years for senji to get used to this , but he knew he had no choice . 
 he had to endure until he could find another way . 
 then one day , while he lay on the bank of the nile river , a man came by , and picked up senji . 
 the man carried the rock in his leather bag for miles as he climbed up a mountain . 
 the man 's name was moses . 
 this was in 1,901 b.c. . 
 when he got to the top of the mountain , moses took the rock , and placed it on a large boulder . 
 then moses lit a fire and proceeded to try to melt senji in the red flames . 
 when the rock got hot enough , moses placed it on the boulder and proceeded to hit senji over and over again with a large stone . 
 senji could n't figure out what was happening , but he noticed that he was starting to loose some weight . 
 rocks , like senji , are of three types : igneous , sedimentary and metamorphic . 
 the transformation of one rock type into another through time is the `` rock cycle . '' 
 each type of rock experiences either destruction or transformation as it is forced out of equilibrium -- with the environment . 
 in other words there must be harmony between a rock and its environment , or else all hell breaks loose . 
 senji was continually changing . 
 part of him was igneous , part sedimentary , and part metamorphic . 
 igneous rocks are formed when the molten magma from volcanoes cools down . 
 sedentary rocks are formed from sediments , by compaction , which is a binding together . 
 metamorphic rocks are formed by varying pressure and temperature conditions . 
 although rocks are divided into groups ; there are no strict boundaries . 
 by increase or decrease in their minerals they pass gradually into one another . 
 thus the distinctive structures of one rock may merge into those of another . 
 in other words , rocks , like humans , are constantly going through changes ; kind of like the different races of man , intermarrying , coming together , separating , etc. . 
 and of course , senji was no exception . 
 senji also possessed iron , silicon , amber , jet , which is formed from decaying wood ; mercury ; opal , vulcanite , etc. . 
 he was undergoing a metamorphosis . 
 senji also possessed deep in his core two ounces of pure gold and three diamonds . 
 no one knew this , because it was hidden , even from senji . 
 as a rock , senji had already experienced many lifetimes , and interacted with different life forms - rejecting some while fusing with others . 
 in the rock world senji was not a pure-breed , but rather a mutt . 
 meanwhile , moses kept pounding the rock until it developed a point . 
 then moses put senji back into the fire until the tip became molten hot . 
 all the molecules were twirling and spinning round inside senji -- getting squeezed and pushed , contracting and expanding . 
 it was very uncomfortable , but senji stayed together as best he could . 
 then , moses let senji cool off for a little while . 
 soon , moses picked up senji and started carving hebrew letters on a stone tablet . 
 senji did not know what was being carved , but it turns out that it was the original ten commandments . 
 every thought moses had flowed from his mind , down his arm , to his hand and into senji , the rock . 
 every thought was transformed and the ten commandments became the law . 
 this went on for days . 
 all the other elements in nature silently applauded as senji participated in the writing of the ten commandments . 
 man and rock had worked together . 
 the inspiration moses brought forth from within his soul , flowed purely and directly through all the minerals , and components of senji . 
 it appears as though senji the rock had been transformed into senji the ` law-giver . ' 
 parts of senji physically fused to the inner carvings of each letter , and thus senji was able to gain immortality . 
 `` thou shall not kill '' ... . 
 that 's senji . 
 `` thou shall not steal '' - that is senji , also . 
 little did senji know , but this experience made him a part of mankind 's destiny . 
 these laws were made to guide and protect people during very barbaric times in human history . 
 these commandments were necessary so a tribe could eventually become a civilized society . 
 when moses finished , senji was a little smaller than before . 
 moses put the rock down on the ground ; picked up the tablets he had just created ; and descended the mountain to the valley below . 
 senji was left alone again . 
 soon the mountain , known as mount sinai , started to shake and rumble fiercely . 
 there was a tremendous earthquake . 
 senji was hurled off , rolling and bumping , bouncing and flying hundreds of feet down onto the ground below and into a rapidly moving river . 
 this took senji miles away from the mountain through the desert deep into a forest on the other side of the valley . 
 there senji rested for hundreds of years , alone again , and yearning for some way to move or fly by himself . 
 although the loneliness was unbearable , senji was already a new rock . 
 he had experienced something very unique , and this event had altered his consciousness , but he wondered ` what would happen next ' ? 
 chapter 2 senji meets the buddha suddenly , a huge flood of water washed through the forest , with waves over thirty feet high . 
 senji was caught and carried thousands of miles into a massive lake surrounded by tall mango , banana and coconut trees . 
 as the years went by gradually the water in the lake flowed into a valley . 
 this body of water turned into the ganges river and flowed all the way to india . 
 there , senji lied until the river washed him ashore . 
 many years later , senji was picked up , along with hundreds of other rocks , and placed in a big bucket . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 thought senji . 
 someone carried the bucket of rocks to a construction site and started building a large house made of rocks . 
 senji was embedded in an inside wall of a large room , fit for a king . 
 it turned out that this was the construction site for the house of prince siddhartha gautama of the shakra clan in india , in 600 bc . 
 it had been over a thousand years since senji had encountered another human being . 
 during that time he had mingled with fish , coral , alligators , elephants , birds , and even monkeys , as well as wind , rain , leaves , mud , quicksand , and tar . 
 senji always meshed with the wondrous substances of the universe . 
 that 's why some forest creatures called senji , the `` universal rock . '' 
 this new location turned out to be the room where prince siddhartha was raised as a child . 
 he was also called shakyamuni . 
 `` shakya '' is the name of the royal family into which he was born , and `` muni '' means `` able one . '' 
 skakyamuni , also known as siddhartha , was born as a royal prince in 624 bc in lumbini , in northern india , near nepal . 
 his mother was queen mayadevi and his father was king shuddhodana . 
 shakyamuni 's ' mother died while giving birth . 
 senji , the rock , had landed again in a legendary time and place . 
 he sat and watched , as young prince shakyamuni was cared for like no other . 
 many nannies and maids catered to his every whim and desire . 
 he was educated in art , warfare , music , dance , the art of sensual pleasure and the philosophies of his day . 
 he was loved , sheltered , adored by all and groomed for the throne . 
 then at the age of nineteen shakyamuni witnessed the crying of a newborn baby , the painful screams of a sick man , the feebleness of a very old lady and the desolation of a corpse . 
 this made him wonder . 
 why did suffering exist ? 
 what was the meaning of these four sufferings : birth , aging , sickness , and death ? 
 shakyamuni went into his room alone and pondered . 
 the rock saw everything . 
 shakyamuni could n't resolve the difference between his life of ease in the palace and the sufferings he saw outside his window . 
 this is what shakyamuni said to himself : '' ... it caused me to wonder why , when all men are destined to suffer old age , sickness and death , and none can escape these things , yet they look upon the old age , sickness , and death of other men with fear , loathing , and scorn . 
 this is not right ... '' here lies a major turning point in human history . 
 this single thought of why people suffer and fear the inevitable was the starting point of the great religious life philosophy known as buddhism . 
 senji was a witness to this decision making process . 
 shakyamuni realized that in spite of all his wealth , pleasure and power ; he was unable to resolve the question about these four sufferings : why did suffering exist ? 
 this act of questioning had a profound effect on senji . 
 he was aware , of course , that the ten commandments were rules men needed to live in a civilized way . 
 however , they were just rules . 
 there was no explanation about how these rules worked . 
 shakyamuni 's approach was to question the very meaning of life and death . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked in silence , `` what was this life all about ? '' 
 this approach was different . 
 while moses made laws , shakyamuni asked questions . 
 one simply commanded , the other pondered . 
 shakyamuni left his home and traveled through india for the next twelve years searching for the truth . 
 during this time , he practiced religious austerities including meditating and fasting . 
 finally , at the age of thirty , he attained a supreme awakening and immortality . 
 he achieved a life condition that transcended time and space , and he awoke to his ultimate potential . 
 he was not alone in his search , for there were others seeking the way . 
 he was , however , alone in his discovery , and his manifestation of `` enlightenment . '' 
 those around him who witnessed the change in his aura , and his confidence called him the buddha , which means `` the awakened one . '' 
 they called his condition : supreme perfect enlightenment . 
 still , what exactly did he awaken to ? 
 some claimed that it was the `` twelve linked chain of causation . '' 
 some said it was his revelation of the four noble truths . 
 some said it was that he attained sublime serenity and peace . 
 many , however , agree that his enlightenment pertained to the law of causation , referred to as ` dependent origination . ' 
 shakyamuni 's original intent was to resolve the cause of suffering . 
 through his enlightenment he became aware of the twelve-linked chain of causation . 
 the link goes like this : 12 -rrb- aging and dying stem from birth , for without birth there would be no death ; 11 -rrb- birth is caused by existence , every living thing that exists seeks to prolong or duplicate its existence thus causing birth ; 10 -rrb- existence is caused by attachment , 9 -rrb- attachment is caused by desire , 8 -rrb- desire is caused by sensation , 7 -rrb- sensation is caused by contact , 6 -rrb- contact is caused by the six sense organs , 5 -rrb- the six sense organs are caused by name and form , 4 -rrb- name and form are caused by consciousness , 3 -rrb- consciousness is caused by karma , 2 -rrb- karma is caused by ignorance , and 1 -rrb- ignorance is the ultimate link in the chain . 
 all pain and suffering therefore arise from ignorance or lack of awareness . 
 if that were true , than what is the essence of this ignorance ? 
 it is the ignorance of the law of life . 
 he discovered that all people possess the potential for the same awakening he achieved . 
 meanwhile , back in his home village , shakyamuni 's father had been fighting against neighboring tribes . 
 there was an intense battle , and shakyamuni 's ' family palace was destroyed . 
 senji found himself in a pile of rubble on a mountain ridge . 
 again ... . 
 time drifted . 
 twenty years later , senji was resting on the ridge when ... . 
 suddenly , a man rudely brushed him aside . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 thought senji . 
 it was devadatta , the cousin of shakyamuni . 
 devadatta , who was also a religious man , had become insanely jealous of his cousin , claiming that shakyamuni had stolen his girlfriend and made her his wife . 
 this infuriated devadatta . 
 he picked up a large boulder and threw it down from the mountain , attempting to kill shakyamuni . 
 senji saw all this happen , but he was too small to stop it . 
 senji noticed the jealousy , pain and anguish on the face of devadatta . 
 shakyamuni , however , was not hurt , because the boulder missed him . 
 shakyamuni had developed a very large following over the years , and his cousin was also jealous of this . 
 senji was surprised to witness this , but after all he had been through , he was prepared for anything . 
 of course , senji was only a rock , with a smooth surface , but deep inside he had an inkling of a consciousness from his past incarnations as trees , animals , and various universal life forms . 
 he had integrity and he had a history . 
 he was aware of how rare it is to be born as a living creature , as any sentient being - animal or plant . 
 to senji , it was unbelievably fortunate to be born as a human being . 
 most objects in the universe are drops of water , or grains of sand . 
 just the thought of becoming a human filled him with appreciation and awe . 
 even one day of human life was be far beyond his wildest imagination . 
 he noticed that shakyamuni was not angry with his cousin . 
 he just looked at devadatta with compassion . 
 later , shakyamuni preached a profound teaching to him and devadatta was able to gain enlightenment . 
 shakyamuni buddha taught about the interconnectedness of all things . 
 of course , senji , was proof of this . 
 he was a mixture of old and new , minerals and rock , volcanoes and seas , forests and galaxies beyond . 
 also , the buddha taught that all is transient , and everything is always changing . 
 all life and all matter are in a constant state of flux and change . 
 what really inspired senji was that anyone could become a buddha . 
 even a rock can function in an enlightened way . 
 it gave senji hope . 
 maybe someday he could fly . 
 the lotus sutra was the buddha 's final teaching , but to fully appreciate this it 's important to understand its historical context . 
 when shakyamuni taught in india , there existed a caste system of classifying people from ` untouchables ' on the bottom to the ` brahman ' class on the top . 
 according to traditional indian thinking , you were born in a certain social-economic class because of your karma , or the deeds you committed in previous lifetimes . 
 they believed in eternal life , referred to as reincarnation or transmigration . 
 so , if you were born in the class of untouchables -lrb- the lowest class -rrb- , you must have made some very bad causes in the past , and there was little you could do to change that in this lifetime . 
 however , shakyamuni taught that the transformative power of the lotus sutra , which contains the law of the universe , was so great , that , no matter how horrendous your karma was , you could change it in this lifetime . 
 the lotus sutra is a teaching of unlimited opportunity for empowerment , and universal equality . 
 if shakyamuni had preached those deep principles when he was just starting out , it would have been difficult for anyone to understand him . 
 therefore , with unparalleled wisdom , he brought people up , step by step , over forty-two years to a higher level where they could accept the truth . 
 to elevate the consciousness of his students he used various methods , including : myth , allegory , analytic philosophy , poetry , and monastic rules . 
 finally , at the right time , shakyamuni revealed the teaching of universal buddhahood . 
 during the first forty-two years , for example , women had been excluded as potential buddhas . 
 also , artists and intellectuals were denied , as they were thought to be too arrogant or self-centered . 
 even evil people were disqualified . 
 even those who were not excluded , however , would still have had to practice buddhism for millions of lifetimes to expiate their negative karma . 
 so no one was really a viable candidate for enlightenment during this lifetime , except shakyamuni . 
 then , when he preached the lotus sutra , the buddha flicked the switch . 
 he turned on the light . 
 he brought his disciples out of the darkness of ignorance and into the bright light of hope . 
 he ` blew their minds , ' so to speak . 
 first , he changed his style of teaching . 
 instead of waiting for them to ask him a question , he asked them ! 
 he asked if they thought that he had first attained enlightenment at the age of thirty under the bodhi tree as he had told them before . 
 they responded , ` yes , that 's what we thought . ' 
 then he explained that that was not entirely accurate , and that he had in fact attained enlightenment billions of lifetimes ago - in the remote past . 
 some were shocked , but many kept listening . 
 the buddha further explained that life is eternal . 
 then he taught that anyone could become a buddha in this lifetime through faith in the lotus sutra . 
 for the first time , women , artists , intellectuals , and evil people could realize their potential for enlightenment in this lifetime ... without going through millions of future lifetimes to erase their negative karma . 
 thus , with the lotus sutra , not only did shakyamuni change the time frame , but ; he eliminated all the exclusions . 
 now , it took just this one lifetime , and no one was excluded ! 
 this was truly revolutionary . 
 senji compared the buddha to moses . 
 shakyamuni 's childhood was similar to the one experienced by moses , who was abandoned on the nile river by his mother . 
 neither moses nor shakyamuni was raised by a mother . 
 both were raised to be kings -- moses : the king of egypt ; and shakyamuni : the king of the shakra tribe in india . 
 and the history of egypt , ` home of the pyramids ; ' and the history of india , ` the cradle of civilization ' are very similar . 
 while one created ten laws in order to control behavior , the other discovered the universal law of cause and effect . 
 shakyamuni buddha further prophesized what would happen after his death for the next 10,000 years to come . 
 one hundred years after the buddha 's death , there was assembled a council of buddhist leaders who documented shakyamuni 's teachings . 
 senji was there , too . 
 all the teachings were organized and written down so they could be transmitted to future generations . 
 the future , as outlined by shakyamuni , was divided into three periods : 1 -rrb- shoho : the former day of the law , which would last 1,000 years ; 2 -rrb- zoho : the middle day of the law , which would last an additional 1,000 years ; and 3 -rrb- mappo : the latter day of the law , which would last 10,000 years or more . 
 chapter 3 . 
 ashoka the great after shakyamuni passed away at the age of eighty , his students , continued to practice by reciting his teachings from memory . 
 two hundred years passed while senji rested in northern india , near the foot of the himalayan mountains . 
 during this time , a man named ashoka became king . 
 while the early part of ashoka 's reign was quite bloody , he became a follower of the buddha 's teaching after his conquest of kalinga on the east coast of india . 
 the whole of kalinga had been plundered and destroyed , with over 100,000 people being killed . 
 as the legend goes , one day after the war was over , ashoka ventured out to roam the city and all he could see were burnt houses and scattered corpses . 
 this sight made him sick and he cried the famous monologue : `` what have i done ? 
 if this is a victory , what 's a defeat then ? 
 is this a victory or a defeat ? 
 is this justice or injustice ? 
 is it gallantry or a rout ? 
 is it valor to kill innocent children and women ? 
 do i do it to widen the empire and for prosperity or to destroy the other 's kingdom and splendor ? 
 one has lost her husband , someone else a father , someone a child , someone an unborn infant ... what 's this debris of the corpses ? 
 are these marks of victory or defeat ? 
 are these vultures , crows , eagles the messengers of death or evil ? '' 
 the brutality of the conquest led him to an abrupt spiritual awakening . 
 he adopted buddhism and used his position to propagate it as far as greece , rome and egypt . 
 emperor ashoka was the first attempt to develop a buddhist policy . 
 senji the rock witnessed this great transformation . 
 after converting , ashoka treated his subjects as equals regardless of their religion , politics or caste . 
 the kingdoms surrounding his , which were so easily overthrown , previously , were now instead made into his allies . 
 he constructed hospitals for animals and he renovated roads . 
 soon he came to be known as asoka , the follower of dharma . 
 this he defined as nonviolence , tolerance , obedience to parents , respect for other religious teachers and priests , humane treatment of servants , and generosity towards all . 
 senji , the rock , marveled at the power buddhism had to transform a society from violent into peaceful . 
 ashoka the great had many inscriptions carved on pillars and rocks throughout the empire . 
 rocks became valuable for inscribing lessons and teachings . 
 all his inscriptions show compassionate loving , and he addressed his people as his `` children . '' 
 some of ashoka 's own words from his stone edicts are : `` all men are my children . 
 i am like a father to them . 
 as every father desires the good and the happiness of his children , i wish that all men should be happy always . '' 
 also , in the edicts , asoka mentions greek kings of the period as converts to buddhism . 
 the rocks that were carved with writings and sent to greece and egypt were made at the stone quarry were senji had been resting . 
 he , along with other rocks , had been used as tablets and carving tools . 
 since senji still had a bit of a point from his days with moses ; ashoka 's artisans noticed him immediately . 
 it was easy for senji to write out the buddhist teachings because he had memorized them . 
 in the hands of abad , one of the greatest scribes in asoka 's quarry , senjis ' job became a joy . 
 abad even told people that whenever he picked up `` that rock , '' the words just seemed to ` pop out ' on to the large stone tablets , as if his hand was being guided . 
 from the granite , jet , gold and opal inside senji , came the lines : '' all is transient , '' `` respect all people as if they were the buddha , '' `` life is eternal , '' and `` we are all interconnected . '' 
 chapter 4 jesus and the rock in this way buddhism spread , and senji shared in its flow . 
 as far as the mediterranean , the greek translation of the edicts of asoka traveled , and buddhism spread to arabia , egypt and greece . 
 that was during the two hundred year period before the birth of jesus of nazareth . 
 the buddhist concepts , such as : karma , -lrb- paying back debts from past lives -rrb- , the eternity of life , the universal law of cause and effect , and the existence of wisdom and compassion in all people , naturally appealed to great minds such as jesus . 
 somehow , via the famous stone edicts of asoka , senji , the rock , made it to galilee . 
 as the years passed , however , he remained in solitude on a mountain until a storm blew so strong that trees were ripped from their soil and tossed into the sky . 
 insects , animals , and millions of plants died . 
 senji found himself , in a lily pond , in galilee , in the valley of the jews . 
 these jews , who were descendents of the tribe of abraham , jacob and moses ; were waiting for a deliverer to come from among their people . 
 `` that 's the time when buddhas appear , '' thought senji ; `` to uplift people from their suffering by giving them hope . '' 
 in spite of moses ' leadership a thousand years prior and the existence of the ten commandments , the jewish people were still looking for a ` savior ' from outside themselves . 
 it had been prophesized in traditional jewish literature that a savior was to be born and become a king , called the messiah , the ` anointed one ' or ` king of the jews . ' 
 as it turned out , a man named jesus was born among the jews . 
 the story goes that he was born from a virgin mother . 
 while the previous three great teachers moses , shakyamuni , and asoka the great , had all lost their mothers ; this new teacher had no human father . 
 how interesting ! 
 he became a rabbi -lrb- teacher -rrb- and began to awaken people to a new , more enlightened approach to jewish faith . 
 he told them to : `` love thy neighbor as thyself , `` and `` do unto others as you would have them do unto you . '' 
 these concepts of benevolence and cause and effect are found in the teachings of the buddha , and the ` edicts ' of ashoka the great . 
 one of king ashoka sayings , edict xiii , states : `` now beloved-of-the-gods thinks that even those who do wrong should be forgiven where forgiveness is possible . '' 
 senji , the rock , was in galilee when he heard jesus preach . 
 although the teaching was familiar to him , senji was still very inspired by jesus . 
 this rabbi 's fresh approach and gentle , yet , strong voice touched the hearts of his listeners deeply , and rekindled hope within them . 
 these people were mostly poor and lived in depressed areas . 
 although , jesus was a carpenter , wood was rare in that region during those days . 
 the term ` carpenter ' meant those who build with stones or rocks ; and jesus specialized in working with rocks . 
 he took delight in collecting them , studying them and using rocks to build things . 
 one day jesus picked up senji and placed him in the pocket of his robe . 
 rocks , like other insentient beings , give off an aura that can be sensed by humans unconsciously ; and jesus could sense the inner beauty and usefulness of senji the rock . 
 jesus , being very sensitive , was easily influenced by the wisdom of buddhism . 
 his teaching : '' love they neighbor as thyself '' comes from buddhism . 
 shakyamuni buddha had taught that ` we have all led an infinite number of previous lifetimes . 
 so at one time , every man was our father and every woman was our mother . ' 
 that is exactly what jesus taught . 
 not only should we love and respect our parents , but all people as well . 
 this was a revolutionary doctrine in the jewish faith . 
 senji became aware of a stream of thought , threading from moses , through shakyamuni to jesus - like a river , flowing to buddhism . 
 jesus was re-stating the teachings of the buddha , in a unique way . 
 senji dreamed of telling people what he had learned . 
 it seemed hopeless , but still he was not discouraged . 
 sad to say , but senji the rock witnessed the crucifixion of jesus of nazareth . 
 imagine killing a teacher for trying to empower people . 
 this was another tragic example of man 's ignorance . 
 chapter 5 kumarajiva , the great translator time moved on . 
 years passed . 
 then one day , senji was picked up and twirled him around for hours by a strong hurricane . 
 he landed beside a stream near the base of mt. everest , miles away . 
 there he sat for many years . 
 one day , a caravan passed by that was traveling through tibet to china . 
 a little girl with the caravan named jiva picked up the rock and started playing with it . 
 she hid senji in her father 's saddle pouch . 
 jiva played with senji and other toys for years . 
 when she grew up , she married an indian man of noble birth . 
 soon she gave birth to a son , and named him : kumarajiva . 
 her son was exceptionally bright and memorized many teachings by the age of seven . 
 kumarajiva also played with senji ; who was present as the young lad studied , and learned . 
 kumarajiva read the sacred texts , and learned the teachings of the buddha . 
 then , at the age of twelve , kumarajiva left his home town with his mother , and traveled to the city of turpan , which was home of 10,000 monks . 
 this was about three hundred years after the death of jesus . 
 kumarajiva became a follower of the buddha and also studied the works of nagarjuna , a buddhist scholar . 
 nagarjuna , who had lived in india one hundred years earlier , taught about ` sunyata , ' also known as `` ku . '' 
 it means non-substantiality , void or emptiness . 
 nagarjuna had developed the concept from shakyamuni 's principle of dependent origination , which means that everything is connected to everything else . 
 nagarjuna believed that since everything arises and continues to exist by virtue of its relationship with other phenomena , it has no fixed or independent substance of its own . 
 since nothing is absolutely fixed , it means that there is nothing that can not be changed . 
 if nothing exists entirely on it 's own ; and no form is unchangeable ; then the universe is always full of new opportunities . 
 according to nagarjuna , everything changes in appearance and nature . 
 senji and kumarajiva came to understand that the important thing was to create a positive relationship with ones ' surroundings at every moment . 
 no matter how painful any event may be , one can still create positive meaning from it , depending on how one responds . 
 our reactions , however , are not determined merely by intellectual understanding but by the state of our inner being . 
 senji learned that , to fall under the misconception that one is ` completely ' independent of others is to become alienated from the world . 
 this is a fundamental illusion that humans tend to experience . 
 it is the negative side of ` self-identity . ' 
 `` when a baby is born , '' thought senji , `` it knows nothing . 
 only by developing a separate self-identity can the baby function in the world . 
 this self-identity , although essential , can have a side effect of selfishness , and this selfishness can become self-defeating . '' 
 ashoka the great realized this , and that 's why he changed . 
 all things , including one 's own life , exist in relations with other phenomena ; and one can never become happy by building one 's happiness upon the unhappiness of others . 
 eventually , kumārajīva was brought to chang ' an , china ; and was introduced to the emperor yao xing , the court , and the buddhist leaders . 
 he was hailed as a great master from the west , and given the title of `` national teacher . '' 
 the emperor looked upon him as his own teacher , and many chinese buddhists flocked to him . 
 kumārajīva had a major influence on emperor yao xing 's actions later on , helping him become compassionate . 
 at the emperor 's request , kumārajīva translated many sutras into chinese ; including the lotus sutra . 
 the emperor also built many towers and temples . 
 because of the influence of kumārajīva and the emperor , 90 % of the population in that part of china became buddhist . 
 once again senji witnessed how buddhist ideas can create a harmonious and peaceful culture in any society . 
 in translating the lotus sutra , kumarajiva revolutionized chinese buddhism , in clarity . 
 his style was distinctive , possessing a flowing smoothness that conveyed the true meaning as opposed to the literal translation . 
 the lotus sutra is made up of questions and answers between shakyamuni buddha and his disciples . 
 it contains stories , in the form of both prose and poetry . 
 in the 16th chapter , for example , it states : `` since i attained buddhahood number of kalpas that have passed is an immeasurable hundreds , thousands , ten thousands , millions , trillions , asamkhyas . 
 constantly i have preached the law , teaching , converting countless millions of living beings , causing them to enter the buddha way ... . '' 
 kumarajiva 's translations of the sutras from sanskrit and pali into chinese are considered the best in the world . 
 senji watched as kumarajiva 's life unfolded . 
 this was in 400 ad . 
 years later senji was taken to korea ; and offered , by the chinese , as a good luck token of trust and friendship to the leaders in korea ; where buddhism was well accepted . 
 by around 800 ad , the principles of buddhism , including : karma , enlightenment , wisdom , and the law of impermanence spread to japan . 
 since humans are diverse , forgetful and sometimes arrogant ; however ; many confusing viewpoints emerged , and once again society fell into a state of turmoil . 
 chapter 6 nichiren daishonin and the rebirth of buddhism for the next four hundred years buddhism survived in japan , but in varying forms . 
 little by little priests would mix buddhist teachings with other philosophies , add their own deluded opinions , or use those distorted teachings as a tool to control the people for personal gain ; and thus losing the true spirit of the founder . 
 senji ended up in buddhist temple in seicho-ji , japan . 
 he had been brought there from korea . 
 for some reason the chinese leaders had started the tradition of the sending ` the rock ' along with teachings of the buddha ... . 
 maybe as a paperweight when unrolling and reading the sacred scrolls . 
 the rock also symbolized the solid trust the chinese wanted to develop with the koreans . 
 at seicho-ji temple , many young boys would gather to study . 
 one of these boys was zennichi-maro . 
 he was born on february 16 , 1222 in the countryside of eastern japan , as the son of a fisherman . 
 in those days , japan was a class society , and fishermen , as a class , were looked down upon . 
 even though he was not from royalty , zennichi-maro had an inquisitive mind and a sensitive heart . 
 he was very precocious and prayed to become the wisest man in japan at the age of twelve . 
 he studied diligently , so he could understand the essence of buddhism . 
 being that japan was basically a buddhist country , there were hundreds of sects , and everyone was a member of one or another . 
 there were no secular schools ; so if you wanted an education , you had to study at a buddhist temple . 
 senji the rock felt very close to this boy . 
 he noticed in him the same sensitivity and desire for the truth he witnessed in other philosophers . 
 when zennichi-maro turned sixteen , he became a priest and changed his name to zesho-bo rencho . 
 then , at the age of twenty he started traveling to other temples to deepen his understanding . 
 his intense curiosity took him throughout japan to the kamakura and the kyoto-nara regions . 
 he studied the sutras and commentaries of all the major sects ; including zen , ritsu , shingon , pure land , etc. . 
 he also studied japanese and chinese history , becoming well versed in the teachings of confucius and t’ien - t’ai the great of china ; among others . 
 he became a voracious reader and writer . 
 when he compared what he had read and studied with the prevailing buddhist attitudes of the day , he saw drastic differences . 
 it became clear that the confusion came about due to many sects holding on to the pre-lotus teachings . 
 after all , the teachings of shakyamuni can be divided into the first forty-two years of preparatory teachings and the last eight years when he taught the lotus sutra . 
 one was to prepare his students for the true teaching and the other was the true teaching itself . 
 in the preparatory teachings , as nichiren discovered , women , intellectuals , artists and evil people were excluded as potential candidates for enlightenment . 
 also , the buddha and the common mortal were thought to be completely separate ; and cause and effect were not considered to be simultaneous . 
 so if you were to follow the pre-lotus sutra teachings of the buddha , the effect would not appear until some lifetime in the distant future . 
 in the lotus sutra all these exclusions are eliminated and all these time delays are dispensed with . 
 for the first time anyone could attain enlightenment , right here and right now . 
 that was promised in the lotus sutra , and only in the lotus sutra . 
 furthermore , even shakyamuni buddha himself told his disciples to do away with the provisional teachings he used during the first forty -- two years , before he preached the lotus sutra . 
 so , why were the buddhist priests in japan holding on to archaic ideas , that even their mentor , shakyamuni , told them to dispense with ? 
 that is the question . 
 why do people tend to stubbornly hold on to antiquated ideas that are no longer true or valuable ? 
 obviously , the lotus sutra is superior , and it represents the true heart of the buddha . 
 so zesho-bo embraced it , as did t’ien ' tai the great previously in china . 
 even though some of the other priests knew about the lotus sutra 's superiority , they doubted the people 's ability to practice it . 
 they therefore held on to provisional ideas or created their own concepts so that they would not have to teach or practice the lotus sutra . 
 if , for example the people truly embraced the lotus sutra , they might not need priests or temples anyway . 
 if the `` buddha-nature '' is within and accessible to all , what hold would these other priests have on to their congregation ? 
 they might loose their livelihood and their status . 
 furthermore , to practice the lotus sutra requires courage and fortitude , and these requirements were not attractive to most priests , who were accustomed to taking the easy way out . 
 zesho-bo was also very alarmed at the conditions in the society . 
 there were frequent floods , typhoons , earthquakes , fires , and much internal strife . 
 perhaps the confusion in buddhist theory was connected to the great suffering in the environment . 
 after all , if buddhism were true , why would there be such disorder in a buddhist country ? 
 it is because the sutras -lrb- books , teachings and ideas -rrb- that were the basis of the prevailing japanese buddhist sects were outdated and should have been abandoned . 
 they were only stepping stones , in the same way that math is a stepping-stone to algebra ; and algebra prepares you for geometry . 
 even senji realized this . 
 senji loved to see the workings of zesho-bo ` s mind , because this youth was wise and logical ; and he possessed the attitude , intellect and heart necessary to make a change . 
 when zesho-bo studied the twenty-eight chapters of the lotus sutra , senji was by his side . 
 it was common for people to carry their rock , to help light fires , to act as a paperweight , or to sand down , sharpen , and file things . 
 so when zesho-bo awakened to the doctrine of universal buddhahood , senji 's temperature went up . 
 senji had seen the wonderful effect on a county when the true spirit of buddhism becomes the basis of its laws and policies , such as in india , china , and in korea . 
 there is harmony . 
 now , however , senji witnessed the opposite effect , when the true spirit is trampled on , and the society goes into a spiral of degradation and decay . 
 most had lost all hope , and many lost their lives . 
 in 1253 , zesho-bo decided to reveal what he had learned , and he changed his name to nichiren , meaning ` sun-lotus . ' 
 in one of his writings , which refers to shakyamuni , he stated ; '' the immeasurable meanings sutra says : `` -lsb- because people 's natures and desires are not alike -rsb- , i preached the law in various different ways . 
 preaching the law in various different ways , i made use of the power of expedient means . 
 but in these more than forty years , i have not yet revealed the truth . '' 
 here nichiren explains why one should embrace the lotus sutra , and not hold on to the expedient means found in the pre-lotus teachings . 
 it 's like constructing a building . 
 during the construction process it is very useful to put up scaffolding for support ; so the workers can climb up , level by level , to build the property . 
 however , once the building is completed , naturally the scaffolding will be taken down . 
 it would be ridiculous as well as dangerous to keep the scaffolding there even though the building has been completed . 
 to senji , it was like : discarding the deluded in favor of the enlightened . 
 nichiren also gave the analogy of the sun and a candle . 
 in the dark of the night , for example , a candle can be very helpful in order to see . 
 however , when morning arrives and the sun is shining bright in the sky is it foolish to keep walking around with a candle in order to see clearly . 
 when new , complete , and wiser teachings come forth , it is foolish to withhold your acceptance simply because they are new or different than ` the ways of the past . ' 
 if something is truly better , that 's it ... it 's better . 
 you should embrace it . 
 there were also warnings of persecution in the lotus sutra , where it stated that : 2,000 years after the death of shakyamuni , if anyone were to promote and praise the lotus sutra , that person would experience slander and persecution . 
 so nichiren was aware of what would happen , and this is what he said ... `` i , nichiren , am the only person in all japan who understands this . 
 but if i utter so much as a word concerning it , then parents , brothers , and teachers will surely censure me , and the ruler of the nation will take steps against me . 
 on the other hand , i am fully aware that if i do not speak out i will be lacking in compassion . 
 i have considered which course to take in light of the teachings of the lotus and nirvana sutras . 
 if i remain silent , i may escape persecutions in this lifetime , but in my next life i will most certainly fall into the hell of incessant suffering . 
 if i speak out , i am fully aware that i will have to contend with the three obstacles and four devils . 
 but of these two courses , surely the latter is the one to choose . '' 
 only after great contemplation did he decide to bravely move forward . 
 he returned to seicho-ji temple , where his former teacher and fellow students were waiting and delivered a brilliant sermon on april 28 , 1253 . 
 then and there , he chanted nam-myoho-renge-kyo , and founded ` actual mahayana buddhism . ' 
 there he revealed the true teaching for attaining enlightenment for the next 10,000 years or more : faith , practice and study based on chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 with a fury , the persecutions nichiren had suspected started that same day . 
 when the priests of other sects heard about what he was teaching , they formed alliances with the samurai government and attempted to kill him , but nichiren escaped . 
 for the rest of his life he promoted , taught , and wrote about his philosophy , which came to be known as ` nichiren buddhism . ' 
 regardless of the countless difficulties and persecutions , nichiren never retreated . 
 in his `` treatise on establishing the correct teaching for the peace of the land , '' nichiren explains what were the conditions in japan at this time , stating : '' in recent years , there have been unusual disturbances in the heavens , strange occurrences on earth , famine and pestilence , all affecting every corner of the empire and spreading throughout the land . 
 oxen and horses lie dead in the streets , and the bones of the stricken crowd the highways . 
 over half the population has already been carried off by death , and there is hardly a single person who does not grieve . '' 
 in spite of the miserable conditions of the day , on the one hand ; and the great potential of buddhism to end suffering , on the other ; the priesthood in japan did nothing . 
 rather than embrace nichiren , whose ideas would have benefitted society greatly , they attacked him . 
 evidently most priests were more interested in appearance , position , and economic power . 
 to maintain the facade of prestige and status these priests had to obtain financial support from the samurai warriors , the government shogun , and general members . 
 helping the people and the country was n't their priority . 
 is n't it sad that once humans find something great ; they tend to formalize it , alter it and bureaucratize it ? 
 too often , form takes priority over content ; and the superficial take precedence over the essence of an idea . 
 nichiren had found the essence of the buddha 's teaching in the lotus sutra ; which guarantees absolute happiness and enlightenment to all people . 
 the japanese translation of the title of the lotus sutra is `` myoho renge kyo . '' 
 ` myo ' means mystic or wondrous , and ` ho ' means law . 
 ` renge ' means lotus flower . 
 it symbolizes the simultaneous nature of cause and effect , because -lrb- unlike other plants -rrb- it seeds and blossoms at the same time . 
 ` kyo ' can be translated as sutra , voice , or the teachings of the buddha . 
 when he made that discovery , he invoked the name of the law of the universe , nam-myoho-renge-kyo , to reveal buddhahood from within . 
 mankind was ready , so the buddha appeared in response to the needs of the people , because timing is extremely important . 
 nichiren is called ` the true buddha , ' because he revealed the correct teaching for the attaining enlightenment for all people for the time period of mappo , which will last for 10,000 years and more . 
 nichiren taught people to chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo to harnesses the power of life 's physical and spiritual aspects , and directly access their `` buddha -- nature . '' 
 senji could not chant ; but he wished he could . 
 just to have such a wish is a sign of a seeking mind , which is a key to attaining enlightenment . 
 seven years later , in 1260 , nichiren formally began his struggle to change society by submitting his treatise on establishing the correct teaching for the peace of the land to the government . 
 again nichiren was attacked and the following year he was exiled to izu peninsula for two years . 
 in this ` treatise ' he warned the government of impending internal strife and foreign invasion . 
 eleven years later , in 1271 , nichiren was arrested on false charges and condemned to death . 
 he was taken in the middle of the night to tatsuno-kuchi beach . 
 on the way there , he chastised a ` buddhist god , ' named hachiman ; and demanded that this so-called `` god '' fulfill his vow to protect believers in the lotus sutra . 
 this ` god ' was one of the protective forces in the universe that had taken the form of a statue . 
 a short time later , when the executioner was about to behead nichiren , a bright meteor-like object appeared streaking across the sky . 
 the soldiers were so frightened that they ran away and decided not to execute nichiren . 
 at that time , he again declared that if the government did not heed his warnings , and embrace the law , their attitude would bring about the two disasters he mentioned earlier . 
 after this thwarted attempt on his life , he was exiled to sado island . 
 then , just as he had proclaimed , a political disturbance occurred , fulfilling his prediction of internal strife . 
 later , after he was pardoned , the first mongol invasion took place , fulfilling his second prophecy of foreign invasion . 
 nichiren was a prolific writer who penned hundreds of letters and treatises to his disciples , clarifying buddhism for generations to come . 
 his teaching , that environmental conditions are reflections of the inner life conditions of individual people , is profound . 
 with the correct philosophy , people can change anything . 
 the environment is the shadow , the individual is the body ; and the shadow always follows the body . 
 when you move left , your shadow moves left . 
 you can not escape your shadow ; it will always show you what is right or wrong and what you need to change . 
 but how can we clearly see our shadow and know what needs to be changed ? 
 that is the question senji asked . 
 chapter 7 the buddha creates the gohonzon to change our environment we must change ourselves . 
 that is the secret nichiren had discovered . 
 most people in power did not want to change their selves or the status quo , however . 
 so they attacked nichiren . 
 although he was persecuted , the obstacles only made him stronger . 
 as the faith of his disciples grew deeper , he became convinced that the time had come to complete his mission . 
 therefore , in 1279 , he inscribed a mandala called the dai-gohonzon , as an embodiment of his life condition ... for the sake of world peace for all mankind for all time . 
 this mandala , or cluster of blessings , functions as a mirror to our own inner buddhahood . 
 it is made of dark wood and is about the size of a door . 
 it is carved in japanese kanji and the characters are inlaid in gold . 
 he also inscribed various gohonzon , in the form of paper scrolls , using sumi ink ; and gave them to specific disciples . 
 he once told his disciples : `` believe in the gohonzon with your whole heart , i have inscribed my life in sumi ink . '' 
 what he meant was that he inscribed the formula for his success or the recipe for buddhahood . 
 he also said , `` do not seek this gohonzon outside yourself . '' 
 that makes it clear that buddhahood resides nowhere but inside your true self . 
 it is limitlessly empowering ! 
 it is all inside , however , one needs an object outside to activate the potential that lies hidden within . 
 this is analogous to beethoven needing a piano to activate the latent musical genius lying hidden within , or a match requiring contact with a flint in order to activate its potential and create a flame . 
 the gohonzon is unique . 
 senji realized that neither moses , nor shakyamuni , nor jesus ever created such an object . 
 `` go '' means true or honorable , and `` honzon '' means object of respect ; `` dai '' means great . 
 the gohonzon is a focal point that functions as a mirror . 
 this mirror lets you see yourself from the eyes of the buddha , within . 
 it lets you see your weaknesses from the viewpoint of your own higher self ; and it reveals your hidden strengths so you can gain confidence to march toward your own happiness . 
 it also lets you glimpse the fundamental darkness that exists inside that is always trying to destroy you . 
 this is a monumental process than no other teaching even offers , more or less can fulfill . 
 all previous teachings or philosophies that senji had encountered focused on the outside - on a god , a savior , or a hero . 
 the gohonzon focuses you on the inside , on your own inner self . 
 now , for the first time , humans have a roadmap to happiness inside . 
 in fact , seeking happiness outside , without deep introspection is like trying to start a fire without a flint or satisfy ones hunger without food . 
 it 's impossible . 
 if the solution to your problems must come from outside , it is impossible to take responsibility . 
 however , if the solution is inside , then you can take full responsibility to make the changes necessary . 
 that 's empowerment . 
 in his writing , called `` the three kinds of treasures , '' nichiren states ; `` the purpose of the appearance in this world of shakyamuni buddha , the lord of teachings , lies in his behavior as a human being . '' 
 that 's why buddhists chant to improve themselves . 
 they realize that behavior is the best judge of a person 's character , and only through their behavior can then they show actual proof of the power of nam - myoho-renge-kyo . 
 nichiren placed himself , his character and his behavior , as a role model , in the gohonzon . 
 the gohonzon displays all the various life conditions people can experience , guided by , balanced by , influenced by , and enlightened by the `` buddha -- nature . '' 
 by chanting to the gohonzon , based on the oneness of subject and object -lrb- you being the subject and the gohonzon being the object -rrb- you activate the gohonzon or buddha nature within . 
 before nichiren passed away he designated his disciple nikko as the second high priest and issued a document telling all practitioners to support his choice of nikko . 
 through nikko 's efforts , and those of his disciple , nichimoku shonin , the foundation was laid for the preservation of nichiren buddhism , for 700 years to come . 
 this is a beautiful tribute to ` the oneness of mentor and disciple ' attained by nichiren and nikko . 
 but there is still more to the story . 
 chapter 8 . 
 tsunesaburo makiguchi senji witnessed hypocrisy , during the life of nichiren and after his death . 
 some followers found it difficult to grasp the heart of his teachings . 
 after nichiren died , five of the senior priests he had selected turned against nikko ; and attempted to create their own form of buddhism . 
 thus , nikko was forced to leave mount minobu with the dai-gohonzon in order to preserve the purity of nichiren 's teaching . 
 nikko 's strong faith and loyalty are the epitome of the ` oneness of mentor and disciple . ' 
 it is difficult to imagine how nikko must have felt . 
 after all , those priests were his fellow students and friends for years . 
 yet they abandoned him . 
 his loneliness and shock at their betrayal must have hurt to the bone . 
 human nature is so fickle . 
 nikko moved the nichiren temple to the foot of mt. fuji at taisekiji . 
 there , along with disciples like nanjo tokimitsu and shijo kingo , he continued to spread the teachings , until he died in 1333 , fifty years after the death of nichiren . 
 during this time the disciples contributed to the temple grounds , planted pine trees , built temple loggings and landscaping facilities . 
 senji went with nikko , and got to know the disciples better . 
 he stayed on the alter in a temple , as a symbol of the cosmic nature of buddhahood . 
 from 1282 - 1333 , there were also other changes in senji 's situation . 
 one day , one of the young student priests was asked to clean the alter where senji the rock had been placed . 
 not knowing any better , he inadvertently took senji out into the rock garden and placed him on a large vase . 
 there , senji sat for years . 
 at the time , from the 1300 's up to the twentieth century , however , japan was a feudal empire , controlled by the emperor and the military . 
 their goal was to preserve their own power and enlarge their empire . 
 so , spreading a teaching of universal equality and dignity for the sake of the common people was not yet feasible . 
 only time could tell what would happen next . 
 senji sat in the rock garden at the main temple at taisekeji for what seemed to be - an eternity . 
 at night he could sense millions of stars sparkling in pure infinite space . 
 lonely , he pondered ... later , as the years went by , came the rains , the wind , the snow and the heat . 
 the birds , insects and rodents were there too . 
 senji was never alone , but he yearned to see the mystic law spread . 
 then it happened . 
 it was the first day of spring in 1929 . 
 a group of businessmen and teachers came strolling through taisekeji grounds with some of the priests . 
 one of the men , seemed very open minded and inquisitive . 
 he was talking with the priests about the gohonzon and world peace . 
 he starred at senji the rock , and senji back at him . 
 the two sensed an affinity . 
 the man bent down and picked up the rock . 
 he held it in his hand ; thinking : `` what a nice looking buddhist rock . '' 
 senji smiled inside . 
 so the man put it in his pocket and took it back home to tokyo . 
 that man was tsunesaburo makiguchi . 
 he was a fifty-eight year old educator and writer . 
 actually , his first book was called ` human geography , ' so he was naturally interested in nature and rocks . 
 he placed the rock on his desk , as he explained to his wife , `` this is a rock i found at taisekeji , i brought it home as a remembrance of my first view of the dai-gohonzon . 
 the nichiren head temple is really beautiful and pristine . '' 
 senji found a new home on makiguchi 's desk . 
 as he started to see buddhism through the eyes of makiguchi , his appreciation grew . 
 makiguchi understood how to use buddhist principles in education and society . 
 after all , he thought , ` what good is a philosophy if no one can follow it , or apply it in their daily life ? ' 
 the important thing was improving people 's lives , today , not in some distant future . 
 this was during very difficult times economically and socially . 
 after all , the great depression had begun in 1929 . 
 the world financial crises caused millions to become jobless . 
 makiguchi saw the need to spread what he had learned , because the japanese people of his time were being used as slaves of the state . 
 they were being taught that what came first was not their own happiness , but rather blind obedience and unquestionable service to the state . 
 therefore on november 18 , 1930 he did something quite wonderful and amazing . 
 not only had makiguchi found the treasure of nichiren buddhism , but he opened it up , like a gift-wrapped package of brilliant light , and delivered it to the human race , in the form of a great organization . 
 he founded the soka gakkai . 
 it is virtually impossible to over-state the importance of this event . 
 the sokagakkai became the community of believers , like the one shakyamuni had founded 2,500 years before . 
 `` there is a heart of gold in man , '' thought senji the rock . 
 `` it is the `` buddha-nature , '' and no one can deny it . 
 makiguchi found it , embodied it , and was staking his life upon its principles . '' 
 senji the rock knew this , and soon the whole world would learn of this man who proved that ` the time was right . ' 
 tsunesaburo makiguchi was committed to the happiness of young people . 
 he worked hard so that disadvantaged children could have equal opportunities . 
 this devotion led him into conflict with politicians and educators , and he was often the target of jealousy . 
 nevertheless , the schools in which he was the principal became known for their high standards . 
 along with his twenty-eight year old disciple , josei toda , he founded the organization originally called ` soka kyoiku gakkai , ' which means ` value creation education society . ' 
 makiguchi believed that happiness lies in creating value . 
 he was committed to scientific rationalism ; yet he never denied the importance of religion ; as long as it was meaningful to the real world . 
 writing in 1935 , makiguchi described his background as follows : `` as my research into the system of value-creating pedagogy advanced and i was preparing to publish the first volume , i was moved by chance to research the lotus sutra , and my attitude towards religion underwent a profound transformation . 
 although born into a family of adherents of the zen sect of buddhism and raised in one belonging to a lotus sutra school , i lacked any sentiment of faith . 
 in the years of my youth , when i was struggling in the effort to study and learn , the teachers and friends whom i most loved and respected were for the most part christians , but i never reached the point of actually taking faith . 
 after coming to tokyo as an adult , i found that confucian virtues alone could not relieve feelings of intolerable anxiety and so i again did zen meditation , listened to the teachings of christianity , learned the methods of deep breathing and looked into other religious teachings . 
 while i developed some feelings of faith for these , i never entered deeply into any of them . 
 ... in none of them could i sense the power that could either overturn my scientific and philosophical orientation , or harmonize with it . 
 `` continuing , makiguchi describes his experience of inner change through buddhist practice : `` but when i encountered the lotus sutra , i was astonished to discover that it in no way contradicted the scientific and philosophical principles which form the basis for our daily lives , and that it differed fundamentally from all religious and moral practices which i had studied to date . 
 and just as i found myself moved by this discovery , i experienced a number of inexplicable phenomena in my daily life , which accorded precisely with the teachings of the lotus sutra . 
 when i eventually made the firm determination to adopt this faith , i was able to affirm , in the actualities of daily life , the truth of the words of nichiren daishonin : `` when the skies are clear , the ground is illuminated . 
 similarly , when one knows the lotus sutra , one understands the meaning of all worldly affairs . '' 
 and with a joy that is beyond the power of words to express , i completely renewed the basis of the life i had led for almost 60 years . 
 the sense of unease , of groping my way in the dark , was entirely dissipated ; my lifelong tendency to withdraw into thought disappeared ; my sense of purpose in life steadily expanded in scope and ambition , and i was freed from all fears ; i became possessed with the irresistible and bold desire to effect the reform of national education with as much haste as was humanly possible . '' 
 makiguchi found that nichiren 's vision was in harmony with his own , and concurred with the warning to `` rely on the law , not on the person . '' 
 as makiguchi 's ideas evolved , he stated : `` ... as i developed some faith and understanding in the lotus sutra , i was astonished to discover , quite unexpectedly , that it accorded with the progressive development within my own thinking of which i had not been consciously aware ... . '' 
 makiguchi also distinguished between `` believers '' and `` practitioners , '' stressing the importance of an `` active practice '' that transforms reality . 
 senji agreed , for he knew that karma means action , and only through action can one change ones ' karma . 
 some priests looked down upon makiguchi 's emphasis on sharing the philosophy with others . 
 to these priests , ordinary believers were only members to be serviced -lrb- like customers or clients -rrb- in return for donations . 
 for centuries , basically only the priests chanted nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 but this ran counter to nichiren and makiguchi 's ideas . 
 if nam-myoho-renge-kyo were indeed as effective as he felt it to be , to fail to share it with others would be an act of intolerable selfishness . 
 senji felt that , when you compare the teachings of nichiren with the actions of makiguchi , you will clearly see the ` oneness of mentor and disciple ' at work . 
 makiguchi also stated : `` the practical consequences of failing to do good are no different from those of doing evil . '' 
 to senji it was rare to find someone with such an incisive mind and strong will . 
 while most people worshipped money or just followed the crowd , makiguchi was different . 
 his disciple , josei toda was also a unique individual , and the two of them , if we borrow a phrase from mr. daisaku ikeda , were an ` imposing duo in the world of religious philosophy . ' 
 makiguchi 's organization spread true buddhism through intimate discussion meetings ; and by 1943 , the membership grew to over 3,000 . 
 however , the ideal of individual empowerment stood in direct opposition to japans ' shinto war machine of brutal imperialism ; and 1943 , makiguchi and toda , were arrested and imprisoned as ` thought criminals . ' 
 because of his intense study , makiguchi was prepared for such persecution , which always accompanies true revolutionaries . 
 it is a grave mark on the japanese authorities , however , that mr. makiguchi died in prison on november 18 , 1944 , due to malnutrition and privations . 
 when toda received the news , while in prison , that makiguchi , had died ; he was heart broken . 
 yet , josei toda summoned up a profound determination from the depths of his sorrow , along with a burning sense of righteous indignation . 
 the cause of killing , by imprisoning , makiguchi , was an extremely evil cause . 
 since the country , in essence , made the cause , the country would experience the effect . 
 nichiren had made the prediction of foreign invasion seven hundred years prior . 
 now , when the japanese authorities arrested makiguchi , their cowardly act of betrayal triggered the fulfilling of that prophesy . 
 the power of the bond between makiguchi , toda , and nichiren would be recognized soon . 
 chapter 9 jose toda it was 1945 and world war ii had been going on for over five years . 
 the japanese and the whole world had been thrown into an abyss of hell . 
 the number of people killed or injured was astronomical - twenty million plus . 
 even the survivors were victims in many ways , and no one remained totally untouched . 
 japan had embarked on a campaign of world domination by attacking asia and the united states . 
 although senji the rock had witnessed tragedies before under attila the hun , alexander the great , and even ashoka the great , nothing could compare to world war ii . 
 now in july 1945 , after being released , as toda walked through the burnt out streets of tokyo ; man 's inhumanity to man rang home with a deathly bitterness . 
 senji watched as toda walked out of prison to greet his wife and family . 
 his physical weakness after two years of malnutrition and solitary confinement were evident in every painful step . 
 yet he kept walking forward . 
 the city he once knew as a beautiful , bustling marketplace had been reduced to a dreary scene of destruction . 
 senji could feel toda 's indignation . 
 the karma of japan was coming out , as it was experiencing retribution from persecuting nichiren and makiguchi . 
 inside toda , from the depths of his grief , welled up an ironclad determination to avenge his mentor by building an organization of empowered humanistic disciples . 
 nichiren buddhism exists for the sake of people who are suffering from poor health , financial problems , corruption in government , etc. . 
 that is why makiguchi and toda embraced nichiren . 
 it was like embracing hope , for without hope all is lost . 
 `` i 'll show them the greatness of my mentor , i 'll wake them up to the ` buddha-nature ' they possess inside , '' was toda 's determination . 
 so he repaid his debt of gratitude to makiguchi by resurrecting the soka gakkai . 
 senji realized that assuming a ` debt of gratitude ' means that you voluntarily feel or assume a debt to someone for giving you something of great value , whether physical or spiritual . 
 of course you need to be bright enough to see what is of value and what is not . 
 if you can not recognize true value when it is right before your eyes , then all is lost . 
 the gift that makiguchi gave was from his heart . 
 no one asked him to do it ; and he asked nothing in return . 
 he simply stood up to share and promote true buddhism . 
 it is not necessary to say that nichiren buddhism is the only way . 
 it is , however , a way . 
 but the fact that its practitioners were so persecuted and hated by the ` authorities , ' shows it must be something very powerful indeed , otherwise the government would not have been so afraid of it . 
 josei toda felt so honored to go to prison with makiguchi , that he determined to share with others his sense of gratitude . 
 this gratitude , along with the action to manifest it , is what makes one truly human and able to become a buddha . 
 although called a debt , it is really a gift . 
 since toda loved and respected his mentor so much and felt so strongly about what he had done , he wanted to repay with gratitude . 
 it 's as if he took on makiguchi 's karmic debt himself and repaid it on his mentor 's behalf . 
 the suffering of the people was due to their governments ' arrogant treatment of nichiren 's disciples , and within a month , the strictness of the law of cause and effect would become evident to the entire world . 
 on august 6 , 1945 , at 8:30 in the morning the united states dropped on the city of hiroshima in japan the first atomic bomb the world had ever seen . 
 the war was over in two days . 
 the destruction of this bomb went far beyond everyone ` s wildest imagination . 
 not only were over 100,000 people killed instantly but millions were severely affected for generations to time . 
 this horrendous event shook the world to its core . 
 never before had mankind seen such a destructive and evil weapon . 
 a bomb that could kill 100,000 people or more , instantly , was beyond belief . 
 but what could come from this horror ? 
 what would come from mankind 's darkest day , and how would toda respond ? 
 that is the question . 
 at the end of world war ii , japan was a totally devastated country . 
 its cultural heritage of emperor worship was shaken to its core . 
 the infrastructure of buildings , roads , houses , and schools was obliterated . 
 the political structure was completely revamped and japan was turned into a democracy . 
 while businesses struggled to begin again ; thousands even committed suicide as an expression of their shame and hopelessness , for years to come . 
 yet , from this evil came something beautiful ; namely , democracy and freedom of religion - for the first time . 
 but , how could darkness be the stimulus for so much light ? 
 how could so much unhappiness and misery be the beginning of unparalleled joy and progress ? 
 there is a saying in buddhism ... . 
 `` after the greatest misfortune comes the greatest fortune . '' 
 that is exactly what happened to japan after world war ii . 
 this was an amazing time in history . 
 because josei toda had attained enlightenment while in prison ; he was aware of the lotus sutra , and the law of nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 armed with his strong faith ; this thin , ninety pound man with tuberculosis , diphtheria , lice and malnutrition set out all alone , on a voyage to build the greatest organization for world peace ever seen in the history of the human race . 
 the vast majority of the sokagakkai 's former members had renounced their faith during the war , so there were few believers left . 
 actually , you could say that this man had nothing - accept his faith . 
 his businesses were in shambles , his health was destroyed , and his mentor had died . 
 he was left with nothing accept his faith . 
 that is why toda is great . 
 from his faith he made a strong determination ; he began ; and he accomplished his goal 100 % . 
 but how did this actually come about ? 
 well , if there is a rule or a true universal law , it must be enforceable and it must be enforced . 
 if it were not enforced , then it would be only a theory without any meaning or substance . 
 if nam-myoho-renge-kyo is truly a law , and makiguchi was propagating it , then he was making a supremely good and righteous cause . 
 if he was imprisoned and killed by the japanese authorities , then they were making a supremely evil cause . 
 they must be punished . 
 if not , it would not be a law . 
 the mystic law of nam-myoho-renge-kyo is not a secular law created by a congress or a king . 
 it is the name of the law of the universe -lrb- and , as far as we know there is only one universe -rrb- . 
 so , it must be enforced , not by the government , but by the universe . 
 seven hundred years earlier , when nichiren was about to be beheaded , a meteor came from the sky . 
 this time , because makiguchi was a true disciple , an atom bomb came from the sky . 
 the parallels are unmistakable . 
 realizing this , senji the rock was beside himself . 
 he was shaking inside ; the gold was melting and the diamonds were sparkling . 
 after all , how would it be possible with no power , no status , no money , and few believers , for one man , like toda , to build such an organization as the sokagakkai with over 750,000 members in just 13 years ? 
 there is only one answer : it was the right man , at the right time , at the right place , armed with absolute faith in the right law ... nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 the law worked . 
 you could say that ` toda worked the law . ' 
 it proves that human beings are not puppets , controlled by some grand puppeteer . 
 they are not slaves of the state , pawns or toys . 
 buddhism teaches that human beings are supreme entities of the universe . 
 nothing has greater potential or more dignity than a single human being . 
 faith must absolutely result in the betterment of the individual ; making him wiser and stronger ; and enabling him to harmonize with the cosmos . 
 that is exactly what faith in nam-myoho-renge-kyo was able to do for the japanese sgi members . 
 a faith that creates narrow-minded , dependent , un-empowered people who only live for the moment without any thought of cause of effect or the future ; that is a weak faith . 
 a faith that creates cowards , depressed people , murders and thieves , is not real faith at all . 
 a weak faith will accept you as you are without demanding any improvement . 
 after all such a faith has no power so why could it demand that you change any way ? 
 a strong faith in an absolute law , will accept you , and yet demand and encourage you to grow , self-reflect , and advance every day . 
 such a ` real faith ' will require you to become the best you can be , and ceaselessly demonstrate its power through your behavior . 
 while in prison , josei toda came to realize that ` buddha is life itself . ' 
 upon his release from prison on july 3 , 1945 , he sat out to change the world . 
 first , he changed the organization 's name to soka gakkai , and then began to spread the law . 
 chapter 10 daisaku ikeda toda once said , `` you can either tell yourself , ` it 's too hard , i do n't think i 'll be able to do it , ' or ` yes , i can do this . 
 let me at it ! ' 
 only a fine line separates the two . 
 but i 'll tell you one thing : if you work like crazy , you 'll come to display capabilities that you never knew you had -- potentials that you always possessed , but never tapped . '' 
 what a beautiful sentiment . 
 how encouraging . 
 from an attendance of only ten at his first lecture on the lotus sutra in 1945 , mr. toda and his disciples built the membership to 750,000 by 1958 . 
 this was unheard of in the history of buddhism . 
 in fact it 's unheard of anywhere . 
 none of this would have been possible without the principles of `` freedom of religion '' firmly implanted in the new japanese constitution , with the wise aid of u.s. general douglas macarthur . 
 as tragic and sad as the war was , it 's end brought to japan for the first time in its history a democratic constitution . 
 because buddhism is a life philosophy of the people , for the people and by the people ; it needs democracy to flourish the sokagakkai 's movement for `` world peace , '' called kosen rufu , however ; would never have progressed as it did without the support and leadership of toda 's young disciple : daisaku ikeda . 
 in august 1947 , at the age of nineteen , daisaku ikeda attended a soka gakkai discussion meeting and met his mentor , josei toda . 
 they were able to form a relationship similar to the one formed by nichiren daishonin and his disciple , nikko , 700 years earlier . 
 this is called the oneness of mentor and disciple . 
 without this it would be impossible to spread the buddhist philosophy . 
 young daisaku gave up his college education to work with mr. toda . 
 realizing this great sacrifice , toda agreed to teach his disciple himself personally every morning before work . 
 mr. ikeda later fondly referred to these sessions , which occurred on sundays and weekdays , as ` toda university . ' 
 mr. toda became the second president of the soka gakkai in 1951 , and led the organization beautifully until he died in 1958 . 
 for all intense and purposes , he taught young daisaku everything he needed to know in order to become a truly world-class leader of humanity . 
 one of senji the rock 's most memorable experiences was that of toda university . 
 actually there were two students at toda university : daisaku ikeda and senji the rock . 
 together they studied shakyamuni buddha , nichiren daishonin , walt whitman , the count of monte cristo , the writings of leo tolstoy and henri bergson , and many , many others . 
 as senji sat on the desk , all the dialogues toda had with daisaku ikeda were indelibly etched into his molecular memory . 
 one day , young daisaku asked mr. toda about the rock on his desk ; `` why do you keep that rock ? '' 
 `` it was given to me by mr. makiguchi 's wife , after i was released from prison , '' replied toda . 
 `` it was a memento of his first pilgrimage to the head temple to see the dai-gohonzon . '' 
 `` so , you keep it on your desk , '' asked daisaku . 
 `` what do you call it ? '' 
 `` well , it does n't have a name , '' replied toda `` what do you think we should call it ? '' 
 thinking for a moment about a name , young daisaku said , `` how about sen , s -- e -- n ? 
 it 's hindu for ` lotus flower , ' representing east and west . '' 
 `` sen ? '' 
 replied toda . 
 `` that 's nice ... but too simple . 
 why do n't we add the syllable `` ji , '' as a symbol of honor and respect ? 
 how about senji ? 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` senji the rock , '' said daisaku out loud , `` that 's a nice name . '' 
 senji was able to absorb the thoughts of daisaku ikeda and others because they were sentient or living , feeling beings . 
 however , when two rocks are placed side by side , no thought transfers between them . 
 only when a sentient life form enters the environment of a rock , are the thoughts reflected in the rock . 
 just like humans need trees for breathing oxygen ; rocks need humans and other sentient beings for thinking . 
 before , senji was just ` a rock ` or ` that rock . ' 
 never before had anyone given him a name like : `` senji , the rock . '' 
 daisaku ikeda was the first one . 
 he felt so proud , because now he really belonged . 
 it 's amazing what a name can do . 
 without a title or a name , it 's difficult to have an identity or accomplish anything . 
 with a name , things take on a greater meaning . 
 after all that 's what myoho renge kyo is - the name of the lotus sutra and the name of the infinite law of the universe . 
 `` toda university '' was to last from 1947 and 1957 , but the education was not only ` book learning ' or facts and figures . 
 toda taught his students how to think , how to question and learn . 
 he taught them why learning is important and the very meaning of education itself , namely to become happy , wise and valuable to society , not simply to become rich or famous . 
 chapter 11 senji the rock & the ten worlds at toda university , senji learned that buddhism , also referred to as ` humanism , ' or ` cosmic humanism , ' is the study of human enlightenment . 
 what is really going on underneath it all ? 
 does buddhism have the answers ? 
 actually nichiren buddhism uses various explanations , but one of its most interesting principles is the ten worlds . 
 these are ten momentary states or tendencies in people 's lives . 
 take josie toda for example . 
 how did toda feel when he found out about the death of his mentor ? 
 his sadness was surely like ` hell . ' 
 but from this hell he developed a strong desire or ` hunger ' to avenge his mentor . 
 he also felt the pain of temporary powerlessness while in prison . 
 he was at the mercy of his captors in a state of ` animality . ' 
 even the lice and the cockroaches were his friends . 
 he also felt great ` anger ' or righteous indignation at the mercilessness of the japanese government . 
 once he was released it is certain he felt at least momentary ` rapture ' or heaven to be re-united with his family . 
 and then maybe a little tranquility , known as ` humanity . ' 
 but walking through the streets of tokyo must have brought back a condition hell and anger . 
 he later continued his study of buddhism and the lotus sutra and was immersed in the world of ` learning . ' 
 just like when he was in prison , he experienced ` realization ' concerning re-establishing his periodic lectures on the lotus sutra , which came from his compassion to save his nation . 
 this compassion is the 9th world of ` bodhisattva , ' or aspiration for enlightenment . 
 then again , when he was at home facing the gohonzon and chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo he was in the tenth world of ` buddhahood ' or enlightenment . 
 these are the ten worlds or states of life one can experience . 
 the ten worlds , from lowest to highest are : hell , hunger , animality , anger , humanity , aka tranquility , rapture , aka heaven , learning , realization , aspiration for enlightenment , and enlightenment or buddhahood . 
 the original idea for the ten worlds comes from ancient india ; where people thought there were ten specific locations in the universe where different types of humans lived . 
 -lrb- such as ... . . 
 angry beings live in the south , and hungry spirits inhabit the north , etc. -rrb- nichiren buddhism , however , teaches that the ten worlds exist inside every person . 
 this is what senji learned at toda university . 
 the world of hell hell is the first and lowest world . 
 it is a condition in which living is filled with misery and suffering . 
 it is devoid of freedom , and one 's rage becomes a source of self-destruction . 
 despair , confusion , pain , hatred for self and others and hopelessness are the feelings in hell . 
 when you are unable to act , and feel powerless , you are in hell . 
 the world of hunger the second world is hunger . 
 it is a condition ruled by endless desires for : food , profit , pleasure , power , or fame , in which one is never satisfied . 
 ` greed ' is hunger . 
 this is one step above hell because now you have desires . 
 whatever you want , you feel that you must have it and you will do anything to get it . 
 a person who remains in hunger is condemned to endless torment and frustration . 
 the world of animality animality is the third world . 
 it is the world of animals , driven by instinct ; and is lacking in reason . 
 in this condition , one is ruled by the `` law of the jungle , '' standing in fear of the strong , but preying upon the weak . 
 when someone is controlled by their emotions without thinking about the consequences , that 's animality . 
 here , you minimize risk , and maximize profit . 
 these first worlds are called the ` three evil paths , ' because one leads to the other , as the actions in animality cause one to make foolish choices leading back to loss and suffering . 
 the world of anger anger is the fourth world , where people are arrogant and belligerent . 
 it is an aggressive condition dominated by the small selfish ego . 
 senji remember the anger in asoka before his realization . 
 those in the state of anger are compelled by the need to be superior , which stems from fear and ignorance . 
 in anger the negativity is directed outward toward others resulting in pretentiousness , narcissism , hatred , and jealousy . 
 the resulting distortions prevent people from perceiving the world accurately ; they fall easily into conflict , locking horns with others at the slightest provocation . 
 under the sway of such anger , people can commit unimaginable acts of violence and bloodshed . 
 what distinguishes this world of anger is the emergence of self-awareness . 
 as daisaku ikeda has said , `` ultimately , it is when we learn to channel the energy that had been formerly directed toward winning over others into winning over ourselves that we enter the world of humanity . '' 
 the addition of anger to the three lower worlds is referred to as the four evil paths . 
 the world of humanity the 5th world , humanity , is also called ` tranquility . ' 
 in this state , one tries to control one 's desires with reason and act in harmony with one 's surroundings . 
 in ` humanity , ' we are no longer dominated by desires , fear or arrogance . 
 perhaps we are resting after satisfying some desire . 
 compared to the lower four worlds , humanity is an improvement , but it is not lasting . 
 people in this world are still weak and easily influenced , because they have not fully empowered their higher selves . 
 the world of heaven the sixth world is rapture or heaven . 
 this is a condition of contentment and joy that one feels when released from suffering or upon satisfaction of some intense desire . 
 it is , however , temporary and dependent on one 's circumstances . 
 problems arise , however ; when people in heaven become complacent . 
 it 's dangerous , because intense pleasure can dull people , make them forget their responsibilities , cause them to become careless , or act arrogantly . 
 it may also prevent one from reaching out to the four noble paths , and thereby stunt one 's growth . 
 the joy of heaven , is ephemeral , and leads to decay . 
 it is not the fulfillment we really seek . 
 in professional sports , every coach knows that victory can be the very cause for defeat . 
 winning too easily , for example , tends to make people feel complacent , arrogant or unstoppable . 
 that 's when others can spot their weaknesses . 
 the six paths these first six worlds , taken as a group , are an endless cycle . 
 toda explained , that they are passive and re-active , and are called the six paths because one leads to another and eventually all lead back to hell . 
 they are based on illusion . 
 he and mr. ikeda came to learn that when all one knows is the six worlds , one will live by convenience , and seek power over others to get what one wants . 
 if one has no sense of his or her intrinsic self-worth , which emanates from the awareness of life 's preciousness , one might rise to power through any means possible . 
 the violence against others that is common in the six paths is evil and results in bad effects . 
 it stems from ignorance of the inseparability of the individual and the environment and the inter-connectedness of all phenomena . 
 none of these lower six worlds are permanent . 
 even `` heaven '' is only a stop along the away . 
 the four noble paths next are the four noble paths : learning , realization , aspiration for enlightenment , and enlightenment . 
 these are where one pro-actively initiates a search for the truth . 
 the world of learning the seventh world , learning , is the first step out of illusion . 
 it is the world of `` voice-hearers , '' where one awakens to the impermanence of all things . 
 here , one dedicates oneself to self-development by learning from others . 
 `` voice-hearers '' meant those who listen to the buddha . 
 senji felt that by questioning , thinking , reading , discussing , and teaching ; the path would expand . 
 in the past , senji observed how many priests distort the true spirit of their respective religions ; because they never listen with their whole hearts . 
 they would make their mentor into a god or deity ; thereby fooling the people by creating fear and guilt , and placing themselves in positions of superiority between the believers and their deified teacher . 
 by watching toda and ikeda , senji learned that active listening with the intent to grasp what the other person is saying is difficult . 
 it requires concentration , self-discipline and dialogue . 
 the listener asks questions , re-states and paraphrases the answers to confirm , and clarifies through examples , to prove he or she understands . 
 the speaker , on the other hand , must keep in mind : `` can the other person hear me , do they understand , are they listening , and what can i do to communicate fully ? '' 
 toda taught that by chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo one could arouse a seeking mind and enter the world of learning . 
 the world of realization in the next world people learn - not from books or from others - but from themselves . 
 this eighth world is called ` realization ' or ` the world of cause-awakened ones . ' 
 it is a condition in which one discovers some lasting truth through one 's own effort . 
 `` cause-awakened ones , '' known as `` self-awakened ones , '' not only listen ; but also practice and learn from their experience . 
 artists , musicians , scientists , poets , and practitioners of nichiren buddhism spend much time in this world , because they are not afraid to experiment . 
 even if they fail at first , they gain realizations as they learn . 
 people in the states of learning and realization are independent . 
 however , some may become arrogant and contemptuous of people in the lower worlds . 
 when someone works so hard to elevate his life condition , he may subconsciously want to pat himself on the back or reward his ego ; and he may look down on those who have not yet escaped the lower six worlds . 
 this is how senji learned that each world has positive and negative aspects . 
 if one 's life condition is not strong , they will tend to become self-satisfied , without discovering the ninth and tenth worlds . 
 they may get caught up in the psychological high of self-discovery , or trapped in the illusion that they have achieved something others can not . 
 the world of bodhisattva the ninth world called bodhisattva or aspiration for enlightenment is a state of compassion in which one thinks of and works for others ' happiness even before becoming happy oneself . 
 a bodhisattva seeks enlightenment by leading others to happiness . 
 senji recalled ... . 
 `` love thy neighbor as thy self '' is an example of this world . 
 as one emerges from the lower six worlds , and into the seventh and eighth , one awakens to the interconnectedness of all things and realizes that no matter how far one goes ... . 
 ` if you are alone , you will not be happy . ' 
 in the ninth world , one uncovers the desire to attain buddhahood . 
 through striving to become the best , one encounters obstacles such as : self-doubt , laziness , arrogance , cowardice , jealousy , and fear of persecution from outside . 
 it is precisely when -- and only when - one faces these powerful internal enemies that one can develop true inner strength . 
 that is what made toda and nichiren great , thought senji . 
 `` life condition '' describes ones level of energy , awareness , wisdom , courage and compassion . 
 a high life condition is filled with these qualities propelling the individual over problems towards success . 
 a low life condition is filled with doubt , fear , and weakness that cause one to retreat from challenges or be led astray by the mob . 
 the struggles of the bodhisattva -lrb- or saint -rrb- are inalterably linked to others . 
 without faith , however , even bodhisattvas can fall back into the lower worlds . 
 this seeking enlightenment by helping others is recognition of the inter-dependent nature of all phenomena . 
 helping others gives one joy . 
 that 's why presidents toda and ikeda were so energetic and joyful . 
 since all entities are inter-connected , to view others ' suffering as not one 's own , only prolongs one 's own unhappiness . 
 when senji reflected on his past in galilee , he realized that jesus christ was just like that -- he was a bodhisattva . 
 the world of buddhahood buddhahood or enlightenment is the tenth world -- it 's a state of perfect and absolute freedom in which one realizes the true aspect of all phenomena and the true nature of life . 
 in this state , one defeats negative functions and transforms any difficulty into enlightenment . 
 nichiren states , `` buddhahood is the most difficult to demonstrate , '' but he also says , `` that ordinary people born in the latter age can believe in the lotus sutra is due to the fact that the world of buddhahood is present in the human world . '' 
 buddhahood is characterized by compassion , courage , and wisdom ; and possesses the attributes of a true self , perfect freedom from karmic bonds , a life purified of illusion , and absolute happiness . 
 regarding those four higher states , nichiren daishonin comments : `` the fact that all things in the world are transient is perfectly clear to us . 
 is this not because the worlds of the two vehicles are present in the human world ? 
 even a heartless villain loves his wife and children . 
 he too has a portion of the bodhisattva world within him . 
 buddhahood is the most difficult to demonstrate . 
 but since you possess the other nine worlds , you should believe that you have buddhahood as well . '' 
 in the words of daisaku ikeda : `` buddhahood is the joy of joys . 
 birth , old age , illness , and death are no longer suffering , but part of the joy of living . 
 the light of wisdom illuminates the entire universe , casting back the innate darkness of life . 
 the life-space of the buddha becomes united and fused with the universe . 
 the self becomes the cosmos , and in a single instant the life-flow stretches out to encompass all that is past and all that is future . 
 in each moment of the present , the eternal life-force of the cosmos pours forth as a gigantic fountain of energy . '' 
 the tenth world , however , is not a permanent dwelling place . 
 once someone achieves buddhahood ; they immediately dive back into the lower worlds to help others ascend to the tenth world . 
 the buddha experiences the nine worlds again , but from the enlightened perspective . 
 the more time one spends in the tenth world , the more influence it has , and gradually , one is able to remain solidly on the path to buddhahood , even while experiencing other life conditions . 
 thus the tenth world brings forth the enlightened side of the other nine . 
 chapter 12 the mutual possession of the ten worlds senji also studied the mutual possession of the ten worlds . 
 what this means is that all ten possess each of the other nine . 
 the mutual possession of the ten worlds explains why it is possible to attain buddhahood in this lifetime , without going through countless future existences . 
 since each world contains the other nine ; at any moment , you can leave the world you are in and enter another . 
 `` to clarify this , president ikeda once stated : `` to sum up , those in the six worlds perceive all phenomena as substantial . 
 those in the worlds of learning and realization perceive all phenomena as essentially empty ; that is to say , in light of the truth of nonsubstantiality . 
 those in the world of bodhisattva perceive phenomena as provisional ; that is , in the light of temporary existence . 
 and those in the world of buddhahood perceive phenomena in light of the truth of the middle way , which integrates the truths of nonsubstantiality and temporary existence . '' 
 in other words , according to the predominant world of your own inner life condition , the specific world you are in at any moment will appear different to you . 
 since each world contains the other nine , no matter what world you are in , you can choose to perceive your environment from a specific viewpoint or filter . 
 that 's why people need to elevate their life conditions . 
 each world acts like a filter through which one perceives reality . 
 all are partial except the ` complete ' world of buddhahood . 
 buddhism is also called ` the middle way , ' because it embraces both spiritualism and materialism . 
 buddhahood exists within the nine worlds , and the nine worlds exist within buddhahood . 
 the two are mutually inclusive . 
 before nichiren fully explained the mutual possession of the ten worlds and nam-myoho-renge-kyo , people had no way of escaping the cycle of the six lower worlds . 
 if we look at life like a building , you can be in the basement on the bottom or you can be in the penthouse on the top . 
 while in the basement , you have no idea what is above or outside ; but once you are in the penthouse you can look down and see everything . 
 the penthouse is like buddhahood or the tenth world . 
 once you activate it by chanting , you gain the freedom to see and choose what world to go into . 
 however , even hell can be good ; explained toda . 
 for example , when a person in the world of hell chants nam-myoho-renge-kyo and elevates his life condition out of shear desperation , the world of hell will have functioned as a motivating factor . 
 the joy comes from the transformation of the world of hell , into the world of heaven . 
 in that case , hell would have functioned as the cause for happiness not the cause for misery . 
 because cause and effect are simultaneous , that same hellish world is immediately transformed into joy . 
 when a buddha sees the suffering of others , he empathizes with them and wants to help , but sometimes he may not know exactly how , so he experiences frustration and the world of hell . 
 due to his insatiable desire to help people a buddha experiences the world of hunger . 
 a buddha also experiences animality for he loves to elevate people 's consciousness and hates forces of evil that bring people down . 
 the buddha experiences anger , in the form of righteous indignation at the injustice that imprisons people in the lower worlds . 
 thus , buddhas experience all the worlds . 
 senji saw this as an example of the inter-connectedness of all things that he learned from kumarajiva and nagarjuna . 
 at every moment , all entities of existence are moving from one world to another . 
 no matter what world you are in , however , if you are attached to that world thinking that it is permanent , you will suffer , because nothing is permanent . 
 pres. ikeda stated : `` together these ten worlds constitute an interpenetrating functional whole , referred to as the inherent ten worlds . 
 it is the wisdom and compassion of the world of buddhahood that bring out the most positive aspect of each of the other worlds . '' 
 the difference between buddhahood and the nine worlds is also explained by the difference between absolute happiness vs. relative happiness . 
 relative happiness is like moving into a new home , getting married , winning a contest , having a great meal , etc. . 
 although this happiness , brought about by the outside world , may be meaningful , it 's only temporary . 
 if all of one 's happiness comes from things beyond one 's control , -lrb- such as your opponent failing to kick a field goal , or the love of your new young and beautiful wife -rrb- which can change or disappear in a moment ... . . 
 in the long run , one will be disappointed . 
 like a fragile flower , such joy can wither quickly and change with the seasons . 
 this ` relative happiness ' is a weak and shaky happiness . 
 `` absolute happiness , '' on the other hand , comes from inside . 
 regardless of the changing fortunes of life , like the weather , the economy or the fickle opinions of others ; if one 's happiness is based on the eternal law , activated from within , it can not be destroyed . 
 it is lasting and shining like gold . 
 devotion solely to `` relative happiness , '' tends to fill one with shallow ideas and pursuits such as money , fame , beauty , and power . 
 the end results will be far from desirable . 
 ` absolute happiness , ' however ; involves self-reflection , acts of compassion , studying , and holding on to the law of the universe . 
 because it is hard earned and true , it is also lasting . 
 the sgi 's three presidents and nichiren daishonin are perfect examples . 
 when he was in exile on sado island , in spite of horrendous conditions , nichiren never gave up . 
 although his survival was in doubt , he stated , `` nichiren is the richest man in japan , '' because he held within his heart supreme confidence in the law of the universe . 
 his joy is a symbol of absolute happiness in the face of severe conditions . 
 a philosophy or religion that believes that men are basically flawed or defective will only try to control them and limit their freedom . 
 these religions do not trust mankind , and they are partially responsible for civilization for the past 3,000 years . 
 the result has been war , poverty , inequality , etc. . 
 rather than empower people or free them to bring forth their own inner strength , it tends to create sheep-like followers , who never question . 
 then when evil rises , those who are truly good are so weak they just follow blindly or sit there frozen . 
 buddhists , on the other hand , always question . 
 that 's the spirit of shakyamuni , nichiren , and the sgi . 
 practice , study , question and learn , because buddhism trusts man . 
 nichiren buddhists fight to protect the little guy . 
 senji loved to ponder . 
 he could n't run , jump , or fly . 
 he could n't dance or cook a great meal ; but he could think . 
 and think he did . 
 his inner thoughts were echoes of the philosophers he had encountered . 
 with president ikeda , his learning deepened . 
 so , the next question is ... . 
 how can we bring forth , maintain , and forever strengthen this tenth world of buddhahood ? 
 chapter 13 . 
 the nine consciousnesses the tenth world is a manifestation of the buddha-nature . 
 but where does this buddha nature reside ? 
 how exactly can one activate it ? 
 how does it work ? 
 these were the questions on senjis ' mind . 
 while on the desk of president ikeda he overheard a lecture that answered these questions : the theory of the nine consciousnesses . 
 within the theory of the nine consciousnesses , the first five consciousnesses consist of the five senses : 1 -rrb- seeing , 2 -rrb- hearing , 3 -rrb- smelling , 4 -rrb- tasting , and 5 -rrb- touching . 
 in other words you become aware of the world through seeing it , smelling it , tasting it , hearing it , and feeling it . 
 these senses of sight , hearing , smell , taste , and touch are methods your life has created so you can become aware . 
 this is necessary for living , and continuing to live . 
 the sixth consciousness is ` thinking . ' 
 it integrates the sensory data from the first five and allows one to form judgments and carry out daily activities . 
 this is where basic thought comes from . 
 for example , if you see a tree or a flower you want to describe it or name it . 
 you might want to touch it , explore how it works , and see how you could use it . 
 this level of consciousness enables people to label , categorize and understand the external world . 
 when a person learns to bath , or farm or build , they watch , copy , think and learn . 
 everyone does this on one level or another . 
 the seventh consciousness is where a person 's inner life unfolds . 
 at this level , one 's thinking is not limited to external phenomena . 
 this level includes the sub-conscious mind , the autonomic nervous system , the super-conscious mind , and the abstract mind . 
 it is called mano-consciousness , which means to ponder . 
 it supports self-reflection , and is also the realm of the ego . 
 poetry , songs , art , architecture , novels , etc ... . 
 all begins here . 
 this is where humans truly differentiate themselves from other animals . 
 senji spent much time in this seventh consciousness . 
 the question that shakyamuni had about the four sufferings came from this ` pondering ' consciousness . 
 at the level of the seventh consciousness people develop a sense of identity , and an attachment to a self that is unique and separate from others , as well as a sense of right and wrong . 
 this is where the struggle between relative happiness and absolute happiness takes place . 
 the next level is the eighth consciousness called the alaya consciousness , and it is regarded as the source of one 's body and mind as well as the natural world . 
 alaya means abode , dwelling , or receptacle . 
 it is also referred to as the `` karma storage '' and the never-perishing consciousness . 
 it is what travels through life and death . 
 but it is not fixed or static . 
 it is the collection of all the causes one has made since the eternal past . 
 it is the house of ones ' karma . 
 it is always changing , according to one 's thoughts , words , and deeds , while living . 
 after one dies , senji learned , one 's eighth consciousness is also affected by those who are still living . 
 when people chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo for the sake of their deceased relatives or friends , their vibrations or ` daimoku , ' as it is called in japanese , reaches the eighth consciousness of the deceased and enables them to improve their karma . 
 actually this ` eighth consciousness ' is the only part of ` them ' that remains . 
 when humans die , they hold on to the eighth consciousness , and when they are re-born they bring along their eighth consciousness with them . 
 some people call this ` baggage . ' 
 some people believe that one 's dna , through which one 's physiological characteristics come to exist , is an expression of the eighth consciousness . 
 the deepest level of consciousness , even further down , is the ninth consciousness - also called the amala-consciousness . 
 this level is pure and unaffected by one 's karma . 
 it is this ninth level that unites all human beings with the universe . 
 nichiren taught that chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo enables an individual to reach this ninth level of consciousness and draw forth her or his enlightened nature . 
 perceiving life from the vantage point of the ninth consciousness , one is able to purify all the functions of the other eight levels and manifest buddhahood . 
 along with the ten worlds , the `` nine consciousnesses , '' describe the total mental capacities and interactive potentials of the individual human being . 
 these nine consciousnesses are connected . 
 nichiren daishonin has stated ; `` the words of a wise man of old also teach that `` you should base your mind on the ninth consciousness , and carry out your practice in the six consciousnesses . '' 
 how reasonable it is too ! '' 
 he also says , in another writing : `` ... the body is the palace of the ninth consciousness , the unchanging reality that reigns over all of life 's functions ... . '' 
 a palace is also known as a castle , a citadel , a fortress or a stronghold . 
 so , one 's body is precious , because it protects the ninth consciousness . 
 this also implies that the ninth consciousness is like a king , queen or royalty , because it lives in a ` palace . ' 
 moreover , each human needs a body and a voice to make the sound of nam-myoho-renge-kyo , in order to activate the ninth consciousness . 
 the ninth consciousness is also referred to as the `` buddha-nature , '' and it is activated by the sound of a persons ' voice . 
 the saying goes : `` the buddha does his work though his voice . '' 
 in explaining the `` buddha-nature , '' nichiren has stated : `` myoho-renge-kyo is the buddha nature of all living beings . 
 the buddha nature is the dharma nature , and the dharma nature is enlightenment . 
 the buddha nature possessed by shakyamuni , many treasures , and the buddhas of the ten directions ; by superior practices , boundless practices , and the other bodhisattvas of the earth ; by universal worthy , manjushri , shariputra , maudgalyayana , and the others ; by the great brahma and the lord shakra ; by the deities of the sun and moon , the morning star , the seven stars in the big dipper in the northern sky , the twenty-eight constellations , and the countless other stars ; by the heavenly gods , the earthly deities , the dragon deities , the eight kinds of nonhuman beings , and the human and heavenly beings who gathered in the great assembly to hear the buddha 's preaching ; by king yama -- in short , by all living beings from the realm where there is neither thought nor no thought above the clouds down to the flames in the lowest depths of hell -- the buddha nature that all these beings possess is called by the name myoho-renge-kyo . 
 therefore , if you recite these words of the daimoku once , then the buddha nature of all living beings will be summoned and gather around you . 
 at that time the three bodies of the dharma nature within you -- the dharma body , the reward body , and the manifested body -- will be drawn forth and become manifest . 
 this is called attaining buddhahood . 
 to illustrate , when a caged bird sings , the many birds flying in the sky all gather around it at once ; seeing this , the bird in the cage strives to get out . '' 
 understanding these levels of consciousness can offer insights into the individual , and aid in solving problems facing humanity , because there are specific delusions in the seventh consciousness regarding the nature of the self . 
 these delusions arise from the relationship between the seventh and eighth levels of consciousness and manifest as ` fundamental darkness , ' and egotism . 
 what is fundamental darkness ? 
 it sounds so ominous . 
 it is defined as fundamental ignorance or primal ignorance . 
 darkness here means the inability to see or recognize the truth , especially the true nature of ones own life . 
 in other words we all had a blind spot , in a sense , when it comes to seeing the truth about ourselves . 
 the karmic causes in the eighth consciousness affect one 's thinking processes on the seventh level . 
 the mental and spiritual activities in the seventh consciousness will be colored by the various delusions stored in the eighth consciousness -lrb- from ones karmic past -rrb- , because they exist side by side . 
 these delusions are like masks covering up our real selves . 
 for example , let 's say one is a baker , and keeps his supplies of flour , sugar and other ingredients in the storage room . 
 if that storage room is dirty , and uncared for , the ingredients stored there will become tainted with fungus and bacteria , thereby spoiling the supplies . 
 so the baker will need to replenish the storage room with fresh , high quality supplies , before he can bake those delicious rolls , breads , and cakes his customers love . 
 when humans chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo they activate their ninth consciousness . 
 when a baker removes the spoiled supplies from his storage room , he can once again start baking , but not before . 
 inside each person , this ninth consciousness gushes up pure cosmic energy into the eighth , the seventh and the remaining six consciousnesses . 
 like a steam geyser it will purify , replenish , and clean out the negative karma in the eighth consciousness . 
 chanting is so profound it can clean out bad karma . 
 once this is done , the person can start to make good causes and thereby receive good effects . 
 humans need to continually take action and make causes such as sharing and studying with the six consciousnesses , to implant more good causes in their eighth consciousness . 
 in the baker example above , it means that the baker must continue to bake high quality bread and rolls and sell them to his customers , so that he can earn enough money -lrb- create more life force -rrb- to procure more quality ingredients and replenish his supplies . 
 buddhist activities within the six consciousnesses are like the activities of the baker . 
 all of these are manifestations of the activation of the ninth consciousness , which lessens the karmic retribution of the eighth and supplies benefits to the others . 
 this process purifies the six senses , which is one of the benefits of attaining buddhahood . 
 humans use their eyes to see the gohonzon and other people . 
 they use their ears to listen to other 's voices , hear music , and hear the sounds of chanting . 
 they use touch to hold the beads when chanting , shake hands , hug friends , as well as write , drive , etc. . 
 they use their sense of taste when eating the fruit they have offered the gohonzon , or to motivate themselves to eat foods that nourish and sustain their bodies . 
 they use a sense of smell to appreciate and enjoy the incense around the gohonzon , or to warn them when there is a fire , or to please themselves with beautiful fragrances , etc. . 
 humans use thinking to focus on goals and friends , to evaluate , reason and make decisions , study the universe , and invent . 
 by practicing buddhism , all the six senses become great sources of joy . 
 the fundamental delusions , like the bacteria that spoiled the flour in the bakery ; also cause one to deny one 's own buddha nature , and that of others . 
 yet , any person , just like the baker , can replace negative karma with good clean , positive karma . 
 the process of casting a light upon ones fundamental darkness is referred to as en - `` lighten '' - ment , and occurs through the process of human revolution . 
 for example , suppose you are a sincere practitioner of nichiren buddhism . 
 you do everything you are guided to do . 
 yet , you tend to have a short temper and loose your composure often , frequently saying things you later regret , and sometimes causing people to become unhappy . 
 from time to time you appear judgmental and arrogant , and yet you deny any of these qualities when others point them out to you . 
 it is very easy for you to fool yourself and rationalize you rights , even though the result is not what you desire . 
 you refuse to take responsibility for making others unhappy . 
 you blame them , thus actually denying the law of cause and effect . 
 this may go on for many years , because it is fundamental and there is no way for you to actually see it because it is dark . 
 what happens is the effects of your actions will accumulate . 
 the results will be loss of affection from friends and loved ones . 
 people will abandon you , and you will be left alone and desolate . 
 eventually , the loneliness and depression will shake you to your very core , causing you once and for all to seriously reflect on your attitude and your behavior . 
 the pain you experience is can actually be a manifestation of ` buddhist mercy . ' 
 the greater the pain and sense of loss , the greater will be the opening of your heart , the awakening of your mind , and the seeing of your true self for the first time . 
 now you can change . 
 now you can become who you really wanted to become all the time . 
 this is the great benefit of human revolution gushing forth like a geyser or a laser from the ninth consciousness shinning a bright light on your `` fundamental darkness . '' 
 this is the beauty of the ninth consciousness . 
 only by harnessing it , and activating it can you ever shine the light on your own inner darkness , without it you will be forced to remain in the darkness because it is innate and fundamental . 
 in addition , delusions are varied . 
 there are ` inflationary delusions ' that inflate the ego , and weaken it so that when things do n't turn out like people wish they come crashing down with a sense of despair , loneliness and hopelessness . 
 by continually stretching ones self image or ones expectations of others beyond what is reasonable -lrb- like stretching a balloon to the bursting point -rrb- , one can set oneself up for great disappointment . 
 this can be very dangerous . 
 although it is important to be confident , we have to ask , `` what is the basis of that confidence ? 
 if the basis is from the lower six worlds , it will be deluded , weak , and false confidence . 
 if however , is comes from the ninth consciousness and is based on sincere practice for oneself and others , it will not be subject to bursting like an over-expanded balloon . 
 true and lasting confidence needs to be placed in one 's greater self , not in one 's lesser self . 
 one says , `` me , '' the other says `` we . '' 
 there are also ` deflationary delusions ' that cause people to put themselves down , or allow themselves to think that others are superior . 
 these can become emotional scars that cripple ones ' potential . 
 all these delusions come from ignorance of ones buddha nature . 
 they appear from seeds residing in ones karma from previous lifetimes that is stored in the eighth consciousness - just like the ruined supplies in the baker 's storage room . 
 senji the rock thought that some people are afraid of oblivion or a ` final end . ' 
 they think , `` oh my god , if i die i will cease to exist completely . '' 
 this is their fear . 
 however , buddhism eliminates this fear . 
 it teaches that we will definitely be reborn . 
 if you think you will never live again you need not take responsibility for your actions , because it does n't matter one way or another . 
 however , if you accept that you will live again , every thought , word , and deed has eternal consequences . 
 the seventh consciousness is also the source of one 's fear of death , because it perceives falsely that the eighth consciousness will cease to exist upon death . 
 in reality , the eighth consciousness is an enduring flow of energy that never dies . 
 every moment , one 's thoughts , words and deeds create karmic seeds that are stored in the eighth consciousness . 
 these seeds can be positive or negative , because the eighth consciousness is neutral . 
 when conditions are ripe , positive causes manifest as positive virtues such as trust , nonviolence , self-control , compassion and wisdom ; while negative causes manifest as delusion and destructive behavior . 
 senji saw that through this process of latent causes becoming manifest , there is a ` flowing , ' like a river . 
 when the ninth consciousness is activated , it transforms the others . 
 in the same way , when the sun comes up everything becomes clearly visible . 
 people chant for those who have died , activating their own ninth level and sending positive energy to the ` never-perishing ' eighth consciousness of their deceased loved ones . 
 time and space , in this regard , are meaningless . 
 those who have died ; those who are living now ; and those soon to be re-born , are all be touched by nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 life and death are then viewed as two phases , the active phase and the dormant phase . 
 these are like sleeping and waking . 
 when a person goes to sleep with unpaid bills , the unpaid bills will still be there when they wake up . 
 when one dies with unpaid karmic debts , they will still be waiting to be repaid when the debtor is reborn . 
 understanding death is an important key to understanding life . 
 chapter 14 . 
 recipe for happiness : faith , practice and study senji was positive but still wondering , `` this buddhist wisdom is so deep and wonderful , but how can people develop it ? 
 if one were to look upon enlightenment as a secret treasure hidden inside , what road map could one use to find it ? 
 the answer is : ` faith , practice and study . ' 
 these are like the three sides of a pyramid , because without any one , the other two will fall . 
 faith , practice and study is not really three things , but rather one thing with three perspectives ... . 
 it is the way . 
 if buddhism were a sandwich , thought senji , the bottom slice of bread could be `` the ten worlds '' and the top slice would be `` the nine consciousnesses , '' and in the middle would be the filling : ` faith , practice , and study . ' 
 faith nichiren states ; `` thus faith is the basic requirement for entering the way of the buddha . 
 in the 52 stages of bodhisattva practice , the first ten stages dealing with faith are basic , and the first of these ten stages is that of arousing pure faith . '' 
 the sokagakkai , referred to as the ` sanga ' or community of believers , is the place where one can arouse pure faith . 
 as a sort of introduction to faith , buddhism teaches about ` the three proofs ' : documentary proof , theoretical proof , and actual proof . 
 these determine the validity of any philosophy . 
 documentary proof answers the question : does the philosophy have any documents to testify to its validity . 
 any teaching without documents , simply handed down by word of mouth , would not pass this test . 
 theoretical proof requires that the philosophy not contradict science or any known facts . 
 for example , if a philosophy stated that the earth was the center of the solar system and held that the sun revolves around the earth , would fail this test , because it is unscientific . 
 actual proof is the most important , because any philosophy that can not be demonstrated by actual results is invalid . 
 results are the key . 
 in other words , if the practitioners of that philosophy do not benefit from following the teachings , it is not worthy of following . 
 nichiren buddhism passes all tests . 
 it has thousands of documents including : sutras , letters , treatises , and commentaries . 
 it 's theoretical basis found in such principles as : the oneness of mind and body , the inseparability of the person and the environment , the oneness of mentor and disciple , the mutual possession of the ten worlds , the law of cause and effect , and the fusion of subject and object are reasonable and scientific . 
 the third test -- actual proof - is where nichiren buddhism comes shinning through the most . 
 when , without any belief or understanding , a person chants nam-myoho-renge-kyo and experiences dramatic gains in energy , wisdom , joy and self-confidence , pure faith is naturally aroused . 
 this is ` actual proof , which leads to concrete results in the environment . 
 thus nichiren buddhism provides a way to develop faith even coming forth from a place without any faith . 
 in the beginning , faith may be just a goal , desire or ` expectation . ' 
 faith can also be viewed as a willingness to temporarily `` suspend disbelief . '' 
 just chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo is an expression of a type of faith . 
 according to some , faith means to believe - in spite of a lack of evidence . 
 in nichiren daishonin 's buddhism , however , faith is based on the preponderance of evidence , not the lack of evidence . 
 this is what turned on senji . 
 the sanskrit word for faith is ` adhimukti , ' which means confidence and is rendered in chinese as `` belief and understanding . '' 
 it means faith based on understanding ; and also to first take faith and then to understand it . 
 in `` the record of the orally transmitted teachings , '' nichiren daishonin stated : `` belief represents the value or price we attach to a jewel or treasure , and understanding represents the jewel itself . 
 it is through the one word belief that we are able to purchase the wisdom of the buddhas of the three existences . 
 that wisdom is nam-myoho-renge-kyo . '' 
 in other words , through faith , which manifests itself as practice , we can purchase understanding . 
 nichiren stated , `` because our wisdom is inadequate , he -lsb- shakyamuni buddha -rsb- teaches us to substitute faith for wisdom , making this single word ` faith ' the foundation . '' 
 senji wondered , `` so what if i do n't have any faith ? '' 
 it 's simple , explained president makiguchi , you start with a desire , chant and then evaluate the results scientifically . 
 in fact it is impossible to have strong faith in something you know nothing about . 
 faith is only real if it is based on many , many positive experiences . 
 faith can also be viewed as trust or confidence , which develops based on results . 
 ` i trust you , ' means ` i have faith in you . ' 
 because nichiren buddhism is based on a law , you can test it yourself . 
 laws do not require faith or belief from them to work . 
 taking the law of gravity , as an example . 
 suppose you jump off a ten-story building . 
 even if you deny the law of gravity , you will still come down . 
 by the same token if you chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo for specific results , even without belief or understanding , you will receive benefits . 
 however , the results one obtains in the beginning , without true faith are different than the lifetime results one obtains from developing strong faith . 
 practice next is : ` practice for oneself and practice for others . ' 
 practice for one self means to chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo to the gohonzon and recite the sutra . 
 practice for others means to reach out and teach others about nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 some people chant for fifteen minutes -lrb- twice a day -rrb- morning and evening , while some chant an hour or more . 
 when one chants there is always a desire , but chanting is not begging . 
 to aid in the practice , sgi promotes small discussion meetings in people 's homes . 
 each meeting is an oasis of human interaction , where people study , share experiences , and conduct dialogue . 
 senji loved to hear how chanting changed people 's lives . 
 these were inner changes in attitude , awareness , and energy level . 
 the external results , like improved health , job promotions , or better relationships , came from the change within . 
 just a change in a persons ' attitude could transform a perceived problem into a benefit . 
 sharing the philosophy with others is an example of ` practice for others . ' 
 when a person teaches someone about nam-myoho-renge-kyo , that is the highest cause , based on the concept of ` minor good , medium good and major good . ' 
 for example , giving someone money is a minor good , because it does not change a life in any lasting way . 
 a medium good , such as giving someone a job , is better . 
 now that person can earn his own money . 
 but a major good goes further . 
 it is when one teaches someone about nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 that is because ... . 
 no matter what happens , if the person has money or not , has a job or not ; through chanting nam-myoho-renge-kyo they will always : a -rrb- develop hope , b -rrb- acquire wisdom to solve any problem , c -rrb- achieve absolute happiness , and d -rrb- definitely find great work along the way . 
 teaching others is so profound because it helps them change their way of thinking from negative to positive , from hopeless to hopeful , from deluded to aware , from selfish to compassionate , and from ignorant to enlightened . 
 in teaching others , one attempts to : 1 -rrb- dispel people 's delusions , 2 -rrb- correct false views , and 3 -rrb- awaken others to the truth - that they are potential buddhas . 
 since teaching and sharing with others is such a great cause , it is always met with both benefits and obstacles . 
 even if a person has not yet developed strong faith , if they share buddhism with another , they will receive immediate benefits . 
 there is a difference between encouraging someone in the secular realm , outside of buddhism ; and encouraging someone to chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo to change their karma . 
 it the former case it is like a minor good . 
 in the latter , however , it 's a `` major good . '' 
 the difference is awesome . 
 the other person , on the other hand , can react positively or negatively to someone 's efforts . 
 either way , however , the sharer benefits greatly . 
 experiencing obstacles from one 's efforts to do supreme good is a side effect . 
 it 's like a rocket experiencing intense heat and friction as it pushes itself to go beyond the pull of earth 's gravity in order to flow freely in space . 
 sometimes , negative attitudes are deeply imbedded and difficult to eliminate . 
 after all , people do n't change easily . 
 many people are not open . 
 many resist the appeal to change because it requires effort . 
 they will easily be subdued by the weak , superficial , status quo , never daring to ` rock the boat . ' 
 regardless of how the other person responds , sharing elevates one 's own life condition . 
 then , the true nature of ones personal problems becomes clearly visible , and the problem is transformed into a benefit . 
 senji realized that people usually try to make their lives better by focusing on themselves . 
 for example , going to the school , exercising , and lifting weights , can have great personal results . 
 when , however , it comes to helping someone else ; that 's more difficult . 
 since it requires more effort , the transformative results can be significant . 
 buddhism teaches that if you want to change another you must change yourself first . 
 then the environment will reflect that change . 
 it also teaches that when you try to awaken someone else , you end up awakening yourself even more . 
 that is the power of buddhism : you help yourself by helping others ; and you help others by helping yourself . 
 it is similar to : `` love thy neighbor as thy self . '' 
 but in buddhism , people have a practical way to accomplish this , and also understand `` why . '' 
 you are not just dealing with the here and now , but with the eternal . 
 introducing someone to the life philosophy of nichiren buddhism and teaching them to chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo not only changes their present life but that of their ancestors and descendents as well , because the buddhist law is not limited by time or space . 
 teaching and sharing is simultaneously compassion for others and self-transformation . 
 in a sense , in buddhism , unselfishness and selfishness merge . 
 study the third component of ` faith , practice and study , ' is study . 
 this means to read and study the writings of nichiren daishonin and sgi president daisaku ikeda . 
 ` study ' involves reading , discussing with others , chanting to understand , and applying the material to one 's life . 
 the more one studies , the more one understands . 
 in the true aspect of all phenomena , nichiren stated : `` believe in the gohonzon , the supreme object of devotion in all of jambudvipa -lrb- the universe -rrb- . 
 be sure to strengthen your faith , and receive the protection of shakyamuni , many treasures , and the buddhas of the ten directions . 
 exert yourself in the two ways of practice and study . 
 without practice and study , there can be no buddhism . 
 you must not only persevere yourself ; you must also teach others . 
 both practice and study arise from faith . 
 teach others to the best of your ability , even if it is only a single sentence or phrase . '' 
 senji discovered why it 's so valuable to read the writings of nichiren daishonin . 
 first , one encounters nichiren 's logical , reasonable , and broad-minded thinking . 
 by following the strictness and reasoning power of his thinking , one can improve one 's analytic ability . 
 second , they encounter his character , which is so courageous , honest , and humanistic . 
 it really gives one confidence to behold this . 
 third , through studying his life one can see his own actual proof . 
 the way he responded to persecutions is a model for how others can respond to obstacles in a value creating way . 
 when you are having a problem , you can say , `` wow , this is nothing compared to what nichiren went through . '' 
 fourth , they gain an understanding of his devotion to the lotus sutra . 
 he would never let up , because the lotus sutra is the only sutra that actually guarantees enlightenment . 
 fifth , they encounter his vow . 
 it 's awesome . 
 sixth , they see and feel his deep , broadminded and all-encompassing wisdom . 
 seventh , it actually increases their faith and joy through `` osmosis . '' 
 when someone reads the writings of nichiren , his doubt-free faith , which is encapsulated in every word , seeps into that person 's being and expands that person 's faith , like water expands a soaking sponge . 
 furthermore , studying the writings of president daisaku ikeda works the same way for the same reasons . 
 study improves the quality of one 's chanting . 
 it 's like eating . 
 the words are not just mental ; but produce spiritual nutrition . 
 ones life condition and determination responds physiologically , as well , to the words of a buddha . 
 chanting without study will have effects . 
 however , chanting with study will increase the quality , quantity and depth of benefits exponentially . 
 it like swimming with the current or swimming against the current . 
 which would you choose ? 
 one can not solve a problem from within the same frame of mind that caused the problem in the first place . 
 studying enables one to step out and beyond . 
 senji trusted nichiren and the three mentors : makiguchi , toda , and ikeda , because their actions always matched their words . 
 nichiren 's courage is deeply inspiring , not because he was a god , but because he was a human , an enlightened human . 
 nichiren once said , `` ... one of the ` six stages of practice of the perfect teaching ' is the stage of perception and actions . 
 at this stage , `` one acts as one speaks and speaks as one acts . '' 
 senji realized that this is a manifestation of human enlightenment ; and it 's the way people can and should behave . 
 furthermore , this principle of ` faith , practice and study ' is used in every endeavor in human society -- not just buddhism . 
 when someone wants to become a great dancer , artist , doctor , or writer , they will practice and study thoroughly . 
 when a young man wants to become a great baseball pitcher , he will practice and study every day . 
 all sports professionals , actors , and writers use `` faith , practice and study '' to hone their craft . 
 it is a universal principal . 
 senji also saw toda encounter some people who were shallow , rigid or repressed . 
 they would often say , `` it 's too hard to change , '' or `` i do n't believe i can change . '' 
 many lacked patience , but nichiren taught forbearance , saying : `` worthy persons deserve to be called so because they are not carried away by the eight winds : prosperity , decline , disgrace , honor , praise , censure , suffering , and pleasure . 
 they are neither elated by prosperity nor grieved by decline . 
 the heavenly gods will surely protect one who is unbending before the eight winds . 
 but if you nurse an unreasonable grudge against your lord , they will not protect you , not for all your prayers . '' 
 senji sat on the desk in josei toda 's study or in the house of daisaku ikeda alone in the dark with books , and piles of seikyo shimbun newspapers . 
 he had the ability to absorb ideas through energy transference . 
 waves and particles , atoms and electrons , even space exuded and emitted all kinds of energy , not just actual or latent . 
 there were many other forms of energy , like a rainbow of waves or patterns . 
 just like the ten worlds , every atom was related to every other atom . 
 even where there was only space , the potential for the presence of atoms remained , as did the potential for the ten worlds . 
 this latent potential was a realm unto itself by which words , ideas , and feelings could flow , if you knew how to pick up on them . 
 because senji was a rock with no mouth , eyes , or arms ; he had developed unique abilities over the two million years of his existence . 
 even human beings live no more than 80 -120 years . 
 who could imagine living a million or two million years ? 
 senji ` read ' about the amazing experiences of members all over the globe . 
 in just a short period of 50 years the sgi had grown so much . 
 `` what could happen in the next 50 , 100 or 500 years , '' senji wondered ? 
 with ` faith practice and study , ' there is no limit . 
 chapter 15 dependent origination although senji was a rock , he had a mind like an old wanderer . 
 he had seen so much ; but he was not tired . 
 he was truly -- a rock . 
 one of his greatest realizations was of dependent origination . 
 although he studied this before , he never put it all together , until he heard president ikeda 's lecture . 
 while humans tend to see things as separate , buddhism teaches that all life is interrelated based on the principle of dependent origination . 
 nothing exists in isolation - independent of other life . 
 in other words , all beings and all phenomena exist or occur only because of their relationship with other beings and phenomena . 
 since everything in the world comes into existence in response to causes and conditions , nothing can arise of its own accord . 
 since the universe and life has no beginning and no end , everything has always been like that ... . 
 coming from something else . 
 senji also knew that the universe is infinite . 
 that means it also has no boundary or limit . 
 you can not put the universe in a bag , because what ever would be outside the bag is also part of the universe . 
 shakyamuni buddha used the image of two bundles of reeds leaning against each other to explain dependent origination . 
 he described how the two bundles of reeds can remain standing as long as they lean against each other . 
 in the same way , because this exists , that exists ; and because that exists , this exists . 
 if one of the two bundles is removed , then the other will fall . 
 similarly , without this existence , that can not exist , and without that existence , this can not . 
 buddhism teaches that all lives develop in a dynamic way , in a synergy of internal causes and the external conditions . 
 each existence contributes to the environment , which sustains all other existences . 
 all things , mutually supportive and related , form a living cosmos , a single living whole . 
 even albert einstein , in describing the purpose of his passionate search for truth , as a `` cosmic religious feeling '' said : it was `` ... to experience the universe as a single significant whole . '' 
 president ikeda has stated : `` recognizing that all is change within a framework of interdependence , we of course see harmony and oneness as expressions of our interconnectedness . 
 but we can even appreciate contradiction and conflict in the same way . 
 thus the struggle against evil -- a struggle that issues from the inner effort to master our own contradictions and conflicts -- should be seen as a difficult yet unavoidable trial that we must undergo in the effort to create a greater and deeper connection . '' 
 when senji realized the extent of the interconnections , which link all other life , he realized that humans , as well , by engaging with others , develop their identity , because all are so intimately connected at a subconscious level . 
 it is impossible to build one 's own happiness on the unhappiness of others . 
 constructive actions affect the world . 
 daisaku ikeda has written that an understanding of the inter-connectedness of all life can lead to a more peaceful world . 
 he stated , `` we 're all human beings who , through some mystic bond , were born to share the same limited life span on this planet , a small green oasis in the vast universe . 
 why do we quarrel and victimize one another ? 
 if we could all keep the image of the vast heavens in mind , i believe that it would go a long way toward resolving conflicts and disputes . 
 if our eyes are fixed on eternity , we come to realize that the conflicts of our little egos are really sad and unimportant . '' 
 in an article by : yoichi kawada , director of oriental philosophy , soka gakkai international , senji read : `` ... the core of shakyamuni 's enlightenment was his awakening to the law of dependent origination ... '' `` ignorance , '' -lrb- the opposite of enlightenment -rrb- `` is considered fundamental among those deluded impulses precisely because it blinds people to the reality of dependent origination , the unavoidable and all encompassing interrelatedness within which we live . 
 this ignorance gives rise to greed that drives people to seek the fulfillment of their desires even at the cost of the suffering of others . 
 it also leads to the kind of uncontrolled rage that seeks the destruction of a situation in which ones desires are frustrated . 
 it is for this reason that the deluded impulse of ignorance is considered equivalent to a fundamental egocentrism . 
 this destructive tendency to destroy others ends up severing the strands of the web of life that supports ones own existence . '' 
 senji also felt that the web of life is made of ideas that build on one another . 
 einstein learned from newton , jesus learned from moses , nichiren learned from shakyamuni . 
 their philosophies weaved through senji 's memory . 
 if not for moses and his ten commandments , the jews might not have survived . 
 jesus might never have been born , since he was a descendent like moses . 
 if ashoka the great had not changed from a tyrant into a benevolent leader , the region from greece , egypt , pakistan and india might have become a barren wasteland of war and never encountered the uplifting ideals of buddhism . 
 if shakyamuni had not had such an inquisitive mind and a big heart , he might have become addicted to the power and pleasure of the palace and have never sought enlightenment . 
 in the world of philosophical thought , just as in nature , there is dependent origination . 
 as time went on , senji became increasingly aware of a ` river of faith ' that flowed in him and through him . 
 the river of faith had flowed from moses to makiguchi , and led him to the sgi . 
 it all existed here , on the pages of every seikyo shimbun and world tribune he sat upon . 
 the human beings in the sgi were bringing it all together . 
 nichiren daishonin also refers to this as the heritage or the lifeblood of true buddhism , saying : `` i have just carefully read your letter . 
 to reply , the ultimate law of life and death as transmitted from the buddha to all living beings is myoho-renge-kyo . 
 the five characters of myoho-renge-kyo were transferred from shakyamuni and many treasures , the two buddhas inside the treasure tower , to bodhisattva superior practices , carrying on a heritage unbroken since the infinite past . 
 myo represents death , and ho , life . 
 living beings that pass through the two phases of life and death are the entities of the ten worlds , or the entities of myoho-renge-kyo . 
 t’ien - t ' ai says that one should understand that living beings and their environments , and the causes and effects at work within them , are all the law of renge -lrb- the lotus -rrb- . 
 here `` living beings and their environments '' means the phenomena of life and death . 
 thus , it is clear that , where life and death exist , cause and effect , or the law of the lotus , is at work . 
 shakyamuni buddha who attained enlightenment countless kalpas ago , the lotus sutra that leads all people to buddhahood , and we ordinary human beings are in no way different or separate from one another . 
 to chant myoho-renge-kyo with this realization is to inherit the ultimate law of life and death . 
 this is a matter of the utmost importance for nichiren 's disciples and lay supporters , and this is what it means to embrace the lotus sutra . 
 `` in this quote senji saw connections . 
 even through life and death , if you connect the dots , there is a ` river of faith . ' 
 from moses to nichiren the questions came up , and the answers appeared , at the right time ... and humans inherited the law . 
 chapter 16 . 
 the river of faith : the rock takes flight `` this i will state . 
 let the gods forsake me . 
 let all persecutions assail me . 
 still i will give my life for the sake of the law . 
 ... ... here i will make a great vow . 
 though i might be offered the rulership of japan if i would only abandon the lotus sutra , accept the teachings of the meditation sutra , and look forward to rebirth in the pure land , though i might be told that my father and mother will have their heads cut off if i do not recite the nembutsu -- whatever obstacles i might encounter , so long as persons of wisdom do not prove my teachings to be false , i will never yield ! 
 all other troubles are no more to me than dust before the wind . 
 i will be the pillar of japan . 
 i will be the eyes of japan . 
 i will be the great ship of japan . 
 this is my vow , and i will never forsake it ! 
 `` nichiren daishonin this is the vow that nichiren made . 
 of course he is not only referring to japan , but to the whole world . 
 nichiren is the man that millions of buddhists respect and emulate as their eternal mentor . 
 if one studies his life , one will see that he was uncommonly honest , sincere , and action oriented . 
 he was non-violent , inquisitive and insightful . 
 his primary desire was to acquire wisdom and put an end to suffering . 
 like confucius , shakyamuni , jesus , and socrates , he was a great thinker . 
 the time for nichiren to reveal the first democratic life philosophy and religion had come . 
 the true spirit of buddhism -- as a philosophy for all people , not just a selected few , was revealed . 
 this was a great moment . 
 before nichiren appeared , most people believed that god or buddha was supreme , and mankind was like a puppet , or an inferior subject . 
 nichiren obliterated that antiquated delusion , and originated a ` new idea ; ' that humans are supreme , and that any person can become a buddha . 
 nichiren taught that all matter and energy possesses the buddha nature ; including sentient beings , such as people and animals ; and insentient beings like rocks , plants , clouds , and rain . 
 when people believe that they are guilty , defective or weak , it is easy for them to retreat from taking responsibility for their lives . 
 this form of passive resignation , or surrender to delusion makes it easy for evil forces to gain power over those who are weak . 
 this results in people being disempowered , and mistreated . 
 it also creates societies filled with corruption , tyranny , terror , and exploitation . 
 nichiren realized that to change the world it was necessary to change individual people at their core . 
 any change like this would have to come from the person 's own efforts to bring forth their potential for enlightenment . 
 the change needed was not technological or political . 
 it was a change in ideas brought forth by an elevation of mans life condition . 
 once senji heard someone say : `` there is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come . '' 
 nichiren 's idea was just that . 
 it was powerful because it was an idea whose time had come . 
 `` this is what that river of faith is , '' thought senji the rock , `` it is a river of beliefs and ideas - whose time has come . 
 what you want is not outside , across the street , over the mountain , or in some other land ; it is right inside you ; right here and right now . 
 that 's the idea . '' 
 `` that 's it , '' thought senji . 
 `` so you do n't need rules , fear , guilt , or submission to some being outside to grant you anything . 
 it is completely , inside . 
 but where ; how can you see it , touch it , bring it out and use this power for happiness ? 
 what is the key ? 
 what is the source ? 
 nichiren taught that you and the universe are in no way separate . 
 the universe is in you . 
 you and the law of the universe are one , and by invoking this law you awaken to your great hidden potential and elevate your life condition leading to buddhahood . 
 senji learned from nichiren that the way to make this transformation occur , is to `` arouse pure faith . '' 
 he saw makiguchi , toda , and ikeda do it ; and millions of sgi practitioners , as well . 
 if a person chants nam-myoho-renge-kyo they can wake it up , arouse it , push the button , ignite it , and start the ball rolling . 
 it is so simple . 
 it does n't cost anything , and anyone can do it anywhere . 
 no one can stop you . 
 now you are free . 
 that is the great idea , the great equalizer . 
 that is why toda used to call the gohonzon a `` happiness manufacturing machine . '' 
 in fact , senji felt that ` this idea ' was what the jews were really waiting for . 
 that 's the messiah . 
 it 's not a person , who will live and die , but more important than that , it 's an idea that will live on . 
 it 's an idea whose time has come . 
 judaism and christianity come together in buddhism senji finally realized , `` it 's true . '' 
 thousands of years ago , people needed rules . 
 moses commanded men to honor their parents , but he never explained why . 
 buddhism gives explanations , not orders . 
 buddhism teaches that because of the law of cause and effect , we need to repay our debt of gratitude to those who have helped us . 
 nichiren also taught that life is infinitely precious , and that all life possesses the `` buddha-nature . '' 
 so , we honor our father and mother because : 1 -rrb- they possess the buddha nature , 2 -rrb- they were good to us and we need to repay goodness , and 3 -rrb- they gave us life , the greatest gift of all . 
 now , we have three reasons why - as wise people -- we honor our parents . 
 while senji partially understood the concept , `` love thy neighbor as thyself , '' before , he never saw the whole picture until he studied buddhism . 
 according to buddhism , at one time in our past , each person living today was either our father or our mother . 
 believing this , we come to realize how wrong it would be to hate or kill our parents or any one . 
 since it is impossible to fully repay the debt of gratitude that we owe our parents , the best we can do is to become the best we can become . 
 we can prove the value of the gift of life we received by attaining the supreme life condition of buddhahood . 
 at the same time we can save our parents due to the eternal law of cause and effect . 
 if the child becomes a buddha -lrb- effect -rrb- , the parent -lrb- cause -rrb- becomes a buddha , as well . 
 senjis ' understanding of jewish and christian values deepened through buddhism . 
 when jesus taught , he was expressing the compassionate world of bodhisattva , however ; he was unable to lay down a method of accomplishing his dreams for all mankind in the future . 
 `` love thy neighbor as thy self , '' is buddhist philosophy . 
 in judaism , such an idea was revolutionary . 
 this shows that jesus was aware of buddhist ideas . 
 it is sad that jesus ' idea never came to fruition and that since his death , man has been dehumanizing , enslaving and murdering his neighbor continually . 
 mankind has been held in the lower six paths for thousands of years . 
 every time someone has tried to take a step out of the shadows of man 's ` fundamental darkness ; they were persecuted . 
 socrates , jesus , galileo , abraham lincoln , nichiren daishonin , martin luther king , tsunesaburo makiguchi , and gandhi are just a few examples . 
 senji believed that nichiren buddhism was the logical next step in the quest for the truth and happiness . 
 this quest that was born out of the suffering that gave birth to judaism , and found a new home in christianity . 
 religion , after all , exists for the sake of man . 
 man does not exist for the sake of the religion . 
 in some philosophies , man exists to serve god or the forces of the universe . 
 in nichiren buddhism , however ; the ` gods , ' or the universal forces exist to serve man in his aspiration for enlightenment . 
 this river of faith is something anyone can travel on . 
 a moslem , a catholic , an atheist , a jew , a hindu , a christian , a provisional buddhist , or of any type of believer or non-believer can enter this ` river of faith , ' chant nam myoho-renge-kyo , and attain enlightenment . 
 there is no barrier . 
 it 's always up to the individual and there is no such thing as sin , or guilt ; only the law of cause and effect . 
 even if you become aware that you have made a bad cause , as a nichiren buddhist , you do not harbor regret or continue to punish yourself . 
 rather , armed with hope in your left hand and ` faith , practice , and study ' in your right , you exchange a sense of regret for a determination to overcome . 
 you move from victim to champion . 
 shakyamuni found out that people suffer because they slander and deny their own ` enlightened human nature ' aka , `` buddha-nature . '' 
 people deny their true self-identity , because they are unaware . 
 this denial keeps them trapped in the six lower worlds causing them to make bad causes in lifetime after lifetime . 
 the law of the simultaneous nature of cause and effect , on the other hand , is absolute . 
 so , when a person arouses pure faith through chanting , they awaken the power to take responsibility for their lives . 
 without this `` arousal of pure faith '' people will just wait for help from the outside ; and that help will never come . 
 waiting passively is a recipe for unhappiness . 
 in nichiren buddhism , the reason that a person can change his bad karma is because it 's his , not someone else 's . 
 no one gave it to you , and no one but you can take it away . 
 no outside force can help ; and moreover no outside force can hinder you or stop you , either . 
 this is empowering ! 
 but you must act . 
 do n't forget ` karma ` means action . 
 lessening karmic retribution nichiren buddhism teaches that each person can change his or her karma , by the process of `` lessening karmic retribution . '' 
 the theory goes like this . 
 pretend someone stole $ 1,000,000.00 in a past life . 
 they will owe it in this or some future lifetime . 
 it is a debt they must re-pay . 
 if , however , they make , an over-riding good cause now ; they can lessen the debt to maybe $ 100,000.00 , or $ 10,000.00 . 
 this use of money is for illustration purposes only ; because it goes much further than this . 
 according to president ikeda , `` lessening one 's karmic retribution is not a simple settling of our karmic accounts ; it implies a fundamental transformation of our lives , whereby we put a stop to the negative cycle of suffering and delusion and enter a new positive trajectory of happiness . 
 when we do so , we can savor in lifetime after lifetime the blessings of the worlds of humanity , heaven , learning , realization , bodhisattva , and buddhahood . 
 in other words , lessening karmic retribution leads directly to the great path of attaining buddhahood . 
 in that sense , when we lessen our karmic retribution , it does n't mean merely zeroing out a minus balance , but rather that we effect a momentous change in the direction of our very lives , shifting from a downward descent toward an infinite upward ascent , from a negative path to a positive one of genuine good . 
 this is the power of the mystic law , which has the ability to transform the negative into something beneficial -- in other words , to turn poison into medicine . '' 
 the way the person decreases his former debt from $ 1,000,000 to just $ 10,000 is by chanting and helping others . 
 the next step is to turn the liability of $ 1,000,000 into assets totaling ten times that amount or more . 
 pres ikeda also stated ... `` a life forged through efforts to protect the law drives out the impurities of the negative karma created through slander ... . 
 because we practice the correct teaching , denounce slander of the law and forge inner strength , we can change our karma and establish the eternally indestructible state of buddhahood in our lives . 
 this is the attainment of buddhahood in this lifetime . '' 
 if negative karma comes from slandering the law , by denouncing slander we erase the negative karma . 
 because the law of cause and effect is strict and impartial , you can only overcome the burden of the negative with a great positive . 
 great good vanquishes great evil . 
 thus , a debt that causes despair can be changed into an asset that brings hope ; ignorance can be transformed into wisdom , and hatred and jealousy can become love and appreciation , by invoking the law ; which is nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 fighting evil nichiren teaches that performing good and fighting against evil are both parts of creating good karma ; and one can not exist without the other . 
 no matter how good , sweet , kind , and smart you are ; if , at the right time , you fail to stand up to injustice , you are wasting all your goodness . 
 you are negating it . 
 therefore , one who is good must always fight against evil . 
 now ... . 
 what is evil ? 
 is it a man with a gun ? 
 can be . 
 is it the negligence to causes anothers ' death ? 
 yes . 
 are accidents a type of evil ? 
 yes . 
 one of the greatest evils is to doubt , to give up , to not even try , and to discourage others from trying to stand up . 
 so if you have a dream , do n't give up . 
 that is the essence of buddhism ... do n't give up . 
 buddhism teaches that you are supreme . 
 you can do it , because you possess the buddha nature . 
 you can fulfill your ultimate potential and create a world were all people can do the same thing . 
 therefore , a nichiren buddhist will always fight against injustice and anything that denigrates human dignity . 
 slander of the law is a denigration of the law and humanity . 
 this ` fighting , ' however , is not a violent physical type of fighting . 
 it is fighting with words , ideas , compassion , and the will to help by chanting , conducting dialogue and showing actual proof . 
 even senji knew , `` the pen is mightier than the sword . '' 
 one 's voice and words , whether spoken or written , convey one 's true intent . 
 it means people can chant with a strong determination , as if bringing water out of a rock . 
 the kind of determination needed is explained in one of nichiren 's writing , entitled `` general stone tiger , '' where it states : `` the mighty warrior general li kuang , whose mother had been devoured by a tiger , shot an arrow at the stone he believed was the tiger . 
 the arrow penetrated the stone all the way up to its feathers . 
 but once he realized it was only a stone , he was unable to pierce it again . 
 later he came to be known as general stone tiger . 
 ... '' in other words , this general had such a strong determination to avenge the death of his beloved mother ; that his arrow went right into the rock , penetrating its outer surface and lodging itself deep inside . 
 when he tried to do it again , he already knew that it was not a tiger . 
 so no matter how hard he tried he could never penetrate the rock again . 
 belief is like this . 
 if it is so powerful in the seen , physical world , senji asked , `` can you imagine how powerful it might be in the unseen world of faith ? '' 
 this shows that there is no limit to the power of strong determination , coupled with doubt-free faith . 
 practitioners of nichiren buddhism , though ordinary humans , are determined , like general stone tiger , to fulfill their mission as encouragers ; and are never afraid to speak out . 
 in fact , when buddhists chant nam-myoho-renge-kyo to the gohonzon they save the living , and the deceased as well ; seven generations back , and seven generations into the future . 
 the compassion of nichiren daishonin the founder and model of this life philosophy is nichiren daishonin . 
 in a letter to his disciple , shijo kingo , entitled , `` the three kinds of treasure , '' nichiren daishonin states ... . 
 `` over and over i recall the moment , unforgettable even now , when i was about to be beheaded and you accompanied me , holding the reins of my horse and weeping tears of grief . 
 nor could i ever forget it in any lifetime to come . 
 if you should fall into hell for some grave offense , no matter how shakyamuni buddha might urge me to become a buddha , i would refuse ; i would rather go to hell with you . 
 for if you and i should fall into hell together , we would find shakyamuni buddha and the lotus sutra there . 
 it would be as if the moon were illuminating the darkness , as if cold water were pouring into hot , as if fire were melting ice , or as if the sun were dispelling the darkness . 
 but if you depart from my advice even slightly , do not blame me for what may happen . '' 
 when senji read these words , he realized that he had never heard of any religious teacher , mentor , or philosopher talk like this ? 
 nichiren demonstrates a totally unique devotion to his disciple . 
 who would not want to follow a mentor like that ? 
 after reading his letters , senji realized that nichiren was very strict with himself and others . 
 he is a unique individual whose words and actions matched perfectly ; and whose words you can trust with your life . 
 when he says that he would not forget what shijo kingo did even in a future lifetime , senji believed him . 
 his love , loyalty and compassion for his disciple comes first , even above his own enlightenment . 
 that is the epitome of the bodhisattva spirit . 
 even if , theoretically , his mentor or fellow buddha would offer him enlightenment , he would turn it down rather than forsake his disciple . 
 so what is his priority ? 
 it is his disciple . 
 so what is the buddhas ' priority ? 
 it is the disciple . 
 is there any expression of compassion greater than this ? 
 is this not a prime example of `` love they neighbor as thyself . '' 
 where do you think this heartfelt compassion comes from ? 
 it comes from : the vow . 
 that is the heart of the buddha , his vow . 
 of course nichiren has total confidence that even if he were to do such a thing , he would still be able to save himself and his disciple . 
 in addition , nichiren is sternly warning his beloved disciple , and implanting within shijo kingo the awareness that he is also at the mercy of the law of cause and effect . 
 he is praising kingo , yet protecting him from becoming too arrogant or careless . 
 this is a sign of great wisdom and compassion . 
 shijo kingo is famous for having a hot temper . 
 nichiren warned him that even though he is a wise and faithful man ; the law of cause and effect is supreme . 
 the positive forces in the universe , even though ready to come to his rescue ; will not protect him if he looses his temper . 
 in this way , nichiren is showing ` tough love ' to guide his disciple . '' 
 losing ones temper , '' is not to be taken lightly . 
 it can be a very serious issue . 
 in another of his writings nichiren states , `` misfortune comes from one 's mouth and ruins one , but fortune comes from one 's heart and makes one worthy of respect . '' 
 in other writings nichiren states : `` nevertheless , i vowed to summon up a powerful and unconquerable desire for the salvation of all beings and never to falter in my efforts . '' 
 in addition , he wished for his disciples to make the same vow . 
 he also stated : `` spur yourself to muster the power of faith . 
 regard your survival as wondrous . 
 employ the strategy of the lotus sutra before any other '' ... `` all others who bear you enmity or malice will likewise be wiped out . '' 
 ... `` these golden words will never prove false . '' 
 ... `` each of you should summon up the courage of a lion king and never succumb to threats from anyone . 
 the lion king fears no other beast , nor do its cubs . '' 
 to make such a vow , nichiren uses words like : `` muster '' deep faith and courage , `` spur '' ourselves on , `` arouse '' deep faith , and `` summon '' faith and courage . 
 these are strong words , completely different than begging or pleading . 
 they are more like demanding . 
 in a sense nichiren is beseeching us to take the position of commander , over our own faith . 
 that is why president ikeda often uses the term `` self-mastery '' as a synonym for ` human revolution . ' 
 senji the rock realized that they have to make this vow of the oneness of the mentor and the disciple . 
 without this vow to keep the ` river of faith ' flowing there could be no buddhism . 
 this is the vow makiguchi made , with his life . 
 this is the same vow that toda made as his disciple . 
 and this is the same vow that daisaku ikeda made as the third president and is shown in his countless works , efforts , books , and poems , for over sixty years . 
 the legacy of daisaku ikeda is so vast and deep , as the third great mentor of the 20th and 21st century , that it will take hundreds of years to unfold . 
 senji was a rock ; but he was a small part of the big rock , the earth . 
 the buddha represents the universe and the universal law . 
 the rock and the buddha , therefore ; represent the earth and the universe . 
 senji stopped for a moment . 
 he just stood there aware , but not actually thinking ; just aware . 
 he felt the energy of the infinite and eternal universe . 
 in the sky there are currents of air like highways , millions of them constantly flowing in various directions and inter-connecting with one another . 
 that is an example of the ` river of faith , ' manifesting itself in nature . 
 the universe believes in itself . 
 in the air there are rays and waves ; radio waves , television waves , sound waves , cellular phone waves , light waves , x-rays , cosmic rays , ultraviolet rays , all with different wavelengths and unique frequencies . 
 these are ` rivers of faith , ' and information flows inside them . 
 throughout history , words , ideas , philosophies , religions , dreams , and promises have been flowing , and accumulating for a better life for humanity . 
 these are ` rivers of faith , ' in the collective unconscious of the human race . 
 within the theories of the ten worlds , the nine consciousnesses , the oneness of mentor and disciple , the simultaneity of cause and effect , flows the law . 
 this one law of nam-myoho-renge-kyo is the ultimate `` river of faith . '' 
 and here is the catch ! 
 it can not stop here . 
 it must go on . 
 it must continue . 
 those present and future disciples of nichiren daishonin and president daisaku ikeda , must bond together with senji the rock in making a vow so that the nichiren buddhist ` river of faith ' continues to flow . 
 this `` river of faith '' flows through the mentor and the disciple . 
 it is called the oneness of mentor and disciple . 
 what keeps this ` river of faith ' flowing endlessly ? 
 it is the vow . 
 if the mentor and the disciple are one , in what way are they one ? 
 it is their vow . 
 the disciple makes the same vow as the mentor , with all his heart and all his life . 
 the vow is the doorway or path to the `` river of faith . '' 
 to make a vow is the same as making a commitment to fulfill one 's responsibility . 
 to take responsibility for the salvation of all mankind by spreading nichiren buddhism is the same as making a vow to oneself . 
 this is the main idea . 
 in spite of all difficulties we do this , because the river of faith flows inside us and outside us ; but most importantly , it flows through us , from mentor to disciple to mentor to disciple ; ever onward flows the heritage of the law : nam-myoho-renge-kyo . 
 senji also made this vow . 
 one day in 1960 , after daisaku ikeda had been inaugurated as the third president of the sokagakkai , he decided to fly to america and start to spread nichiren buddhism outside the little island country of japan . 
 this was a momentous event . 
 president ikeda went to his desk , pondered the great event awaiting him , picked up a photo and a letter he received from his mentor josei toda and put it in the inner breast pocket of his suit jacket . 
 he got up and started for the door . 
 then he stopped and remembered the rock , senji , the rock that was picked up by makiguchi at taisakeji in 1929 , and given to toda and passed on to him . 
 he turned around walked back to his desk and looked at senji . 
 he picked up the rock , in remembrance of makiguchi , put it in his pocket and took it with him to the airport . 
 the plane lifted off for america . 
 senji smiled , `` look , i am flying . '' 
 just then a beam of light shot through the airplane and lifted senji into the air taking him with lightning speed deep into the vast universe , billions of light years away . 
 `` swish ... . '' 
 the end thank you for reading my book . 
 if you enjoyed it , wo n't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer . 
 thanks philip jay gould writerphil2013@yahoo.com 
