 candle 's christmas chair jude knight published by jude knight at smashwords copyright 2014 judith anne knighton writing as jude knight thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorised retailer . 
 thank you for your support . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please watch your favourite retailer to discover other works by jude knight . 
 thank you for your support . 
 dedication to my husband , who has been my personal romantic hero for 45 years . 
 you taught me how heroes love by being strong , kind , determined , gentle , protective , and caring . 
 thank you for believing in me and for supporting me . 
 i love you . 
 table of contents chapter one : an unexpected meeting chapter two : truth in a tea shop chapter three : a choice of suitors chapter four : families have their say chapter five : news from abroad chapter six : a visit to the country chapter seven : a proposal and a proposition chapter eight : a christmas present say it with flowers free sample of farewell to kindness other books by jude knight connect with jude knight chapter one : an unexpected meeting `` ` tha ' wants to talk to min about they chairs , '' said the man in the office , and directed candle avery to the far corner of the carriage-maker 's yard . 
 candle strode through the light rain , dodging or leaping the worst of the mud and puddles . 
 min . 
 short for benjamin , perhaps ? 
 or dominic ? 
 no , he concluded , as his eyes adjusted to the light inside the shed . 
 the delightful posterior presented to his eyes belonged to neither a benjamin nor a dominic . 
 the overalls were masculine , but the curves they covered were not . 
 she was on a ladder , leaning so far into a bank of shelves that lined the wall opposite the door that her upper half was hidden , but he had no objection to the current view -- said delightful posterior at his eye level and neatly outlined as she stretched , a pair of trim ankles showing between the tops of her sensible half boots and the hems of the overalls . 
 `` botheration . '' 
 whatever she was reaching for up there , it was not obliging her by coming to her hand . 
 perhaps his lofty height might be of service ? 
 `` may i help , ma’am ? '' 
 he asked . 
 there was a crash as she jerked upright at the sound of his voice , and hit her head on the shelf above . 
 as she flinched backward from the collision , the ladder tipped sideways , spilling its occupant into candle 's hastily outstretched arms . 
 the curves were everything he thought , and the face lived up to them . 
 a venus in miniature , black curls spilling from the kerchief that held them away from the heart-shaped face , that quintessentially english complexion known as peaches and cream , grey eyes fringed with dark lashes . 
 grey eyes that had haunted his dreams for three long years , ever since she 'd led him on at a house party for the amusement of her friends , and then left without saying goodbye . 
 grey eyes that turned stormy as he held her a moment too long . 
 he hastily set her down . 
 `` miss bradshaw . '' 
 `` captain avery . 
 no , it is lord avery , now , is it not ? 
 my condolences on the death of your father . '' 
 he bowed his acknowledgement , his mind racing . 
 bradshaw carriages . 
 he had n't made the connection . 
 had he known when he was courting her that she was a carriage-maker 's daughter ? 
 he did n't remember anyone mentioning it . 
 but he did remember that her friends called her minnie . 
 miss minerva bradshaw . 
 min . 
 lord avery was broader than she remembered . 
 he 'd been little more than a boy at that horrid house party , but even then the tallest man she had ever met . 
 isolated and nervous in that crowd of scheming cats who had only invited her to humiliate her , she 'd believed him when he claimed to care . 
 she 'd been thrilled when he called her a little goddess , and asked for leave to worship her . 
 with him at her side , she 'd braved the crush at the ball . 
 short as she was , she usually found such occasions overwhelming . 
 people looked over her , bumped into her , ignored her . 
 but lord avery -- captain avery he 'd been then -- kept her safe . 
 she 'd even , for the first time in her life , been enjoying herself at a ball . 
 right up until she overheard his best friend talking to him , and it became clear that lord avery despised her common origins and was only courting her for her money . 
 that had been min 's last venture into the aristocratic world her parents had educated her for . 
 she 'd come home to bath , and told her mother that she would marry , if marry she ever did , within her own class . 
 but none of her suitors had ever measured up to the tall red-headed guards officer who even now , standing here in her workshop , turned her knees to jelly . 
 what was he doing in her workshop ? 
 why would he track her down ? 
 `` can i help you , lord avery ? '' 
 she could n't do much about the colour that pinked her cheeks , or the way her heart pounded . 
 but she could , and did , keep her voice level and her tone cool . 
 he was immediately all business . 
 `` i am after a chair , miss bradshaw . 
 it is still miss bradshaw ? '' 
 she nodded , seething . 
 how dare he comment on her marital status . 
 she wanted to tell him that she 'd refused five proposals in the last three years . 
 but he was continuing : `` the master at the pump rooms told me that bradshaw carriages makes the best chairs in bath , and the man in the office sent me here . '' 
 `` i see . 
 and what sort of a chair do you require ? '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` an invalid 's chair . 
 that is what you make , is it not ? 
 what your father makes , i mean ? '' 
 he might as well know the whole of it . 
 she was not ashamed . 
 and if his eyes turned cold and scornful , what was that to her ? 
 she was , no doubt , just imagining the warmth she saw . 
 as she had imagined his admiration so long ago . 
 `` you were right the first time , lord avery . 
 i design the chairs . 
 and i make each prototype for my assistants to copy . '' 
 `` i say , '' he said , `` good for you ! '' 
 and he smiled at her . 
 she remembered those smiles . 
 and , though her mind knew he could n't be trusted , her foolish heart did n't believe her . 
 miss bradshaw was as lovely as he remembered . 
 such a shame that she preferred other women ! 
 he 'd refused to believe it at first , when her friend hinted it to him after she had run off . 
 what a fool he had made of himself over her . 
 `` so can you sell me an invalid 's chair , then , '' he asked . 
 she sighed , and in a patient voice explained , `` i need to know more about how the chair will be used , lord avery . 
 we have chairs suitable for street use , chairs that work well in a park , chairs that can be easily pushed inside a house , even chairs that can be propelled by the occupant . 
 what sort of chair do you require ? '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 that made sense . 
 what did n't make sense were the signals he was receiving . 
 three years ago he 'd been as close to an innocent as a 19-year-old with a father like his could be . 
 but his time in the coldstream guards had taught him a great deal , including what to think when a woman 's pupils dilated , and she became breathless and flushed . 
 perhaps it was wishful thinking . 
 certainly , his own anatomy had a strong opinion about what to do with the delectable miss bradshaw and his own reaction might be predisposing him to misread hers . 
 inspiration struck . 
 `` can you show me each different type and explain what the different uses are , please , miss bradshaw ? '' 
 there . 
 that should win candle at least 15 minutes to observe her while she showed him around . 
 she stood her ground . 
 `` who is the chair for , lord avery . '' 
 good point . 
 he needed to remember his key purpose in coming here , which had nothing to do with pursuing the elusive miss bradshaw . 
 `` my mother was injured in the same accident that killed my father , '' he told her baldly . 
 `` she is paralysed from the waist down . 
 i wish to buy her a chair so that she is not totally dependent on being carried to go where she wishes . '' 
 miss bradshaw 's lovely grey eyes softened and warmed . 
 he remembered how changeable those eyes were . 
 they could go cold with disdain , hot and stormy with anger , and warm with compassion . 
 lying eyes . 
 he had to keep reminding himself that she had made a fool of him . 
 `` ah , your poor mother . 
 yes , we will certainly find a chair for her . 
 and what sort of places does she wish to go ? '' 
 min showed lord avery the inside chairs first . 
 he was very taken with the merlin chairs , named after the inventor , a clockmaker who had built a self-propelled chair after he 'd broken his leg . 
 lord avery asked her to demonstrate how to turn the handles on the arms , and then insisted on trying the chair himself , folding his great length in order to fit . 
 `` i think we should have one of those , '' he said , brushing past her as he circled the chair , examining it from all sides . 
 he skimmed his hands down the chair 's sides , gently caressing , and min 's mouth went unaccountably dry . 
 `` yes , well , '' she said . 
 `` over here we have the outdoor chairs . '' 
 she had designed them for different types of surface , changing the size and pitch of the large wheels on either side of the chair , and lengthening or shortening the undercarriage to change the distance between the chair and the small front wheel that the occupant could turn in order to steer . 
 once again , lord avery insisted on trying the chairs , handing her into each one , parading her solemnly up and down the workshop , and then handing her out . 
 fortunately , he seemed focused on the chairs , and did n't notice her fingers trembling . 
 his effect on her seemed stronger than ever . 
 `` i like this one , '' he said , finally , pointing to the one chair they had n't tried . 
 `` i am sorry , '' she told him . 
 `` that one is not for sale . '' 
 `` but it would be perfect , '' he said . 
 `` the wheels are broad , so mother wo n't sink into the grass when she strolls in the garden , and they are slightly skewed to give her greater stability . 
 the longer undercarriage also improves stability , but it is n't long enough to impair turning , so she will be able to manage even the paths in the maze . 
 it 's perfect . '' 
 he 'd listened to her every word . 
 more ; he 'd understood exactly what she was trying to do . 
 `` it is a prototype , '' she explained . 
 `` i do not sell my prototypes , and i do not manufacture until the prototype has been thoroughly tested . '' 
 he was nodding before she 'd finished . 
 `` that 's even better . 
 let us test it for you . 
 and once you are satisfied , you can sell us one of the new models . '' 
 he took both her hands as she opened her mouth to reply , speaking before she could . 
 `` please , miss bradshaw . 
 it would mean so much to her . 
 she used to practically live in her garden , rain and shine . 
 to be able to get there again without being carried ; to be able to move around and decide where she wants to go -- it would mean the world to her . '' 
 his big hands cupped hers ; his thumbs stroked across her trapped fingers . 
 for a moment , she was almost mesmerised , but then she tugged her hands , and he released her instantly . 
 `` but you wanted it for christmas . '' 
 it was a weak protest , close to a capitulation , and he clearly knew it . 
 `` but this is even better , do n't you see ? 
 she 'll get the use of a chair immediately , without waiting for christmas , and at christmas she 'll have one made just for her . 
 oh . 
 but will there be enough time ? '' 
 it was late october . 
 not quite two months to go . 
 yes , they could do it . 
 min would need to start building the model before she got the prototype back , but the final testing was unlikely to prompt major changes . 
 `` i will need to upholster the chair and to run some final tests , then your mother could have it for perhaps a month ? 
 i will need to talk to her after that . '' 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm going to take that -- did you call it a merlin ? 
 i 'll take the merlin with the red cushions . 
 she loves red . 
 could you cover the new chair in the same fabric ? '' 
 `` i could possibly do the same colour , '' min agreed . 
 did she have enough red leather ? 
 no ; she 'd cut the last skin a few days ago . 
 perhaps she could get some from the main carriage works . 
 if not , she 'd have to make a trip to the leather merchants . 
 he nodded , running a hand over the plush surface of the merlin and immediately leaping to the right conclusion . 
 `` you use leather for the outdoor chairs , do n't you ? 
 they might get wet , i suppose . '' 
 `` minnie , are you in here ? '' 
 that was her cousin daniel 's inevitable greeting , as if her presence in her own workshop was a perpetual surprise to him . 
 he followed his voice into the room , and drew himself up to his full height , still a good seven inches shorter than lord avery . 
 the man who called miss bradshaw ` minnie ' in that familiar way was built like a bull : broad in the shoulders and chest , with massive arms and a thick neck . 
 candle grudgingly admitted he was handsome enough , in a thick-set kind of way , his blonde hair slightly overlong , square-cut even features , and fine hazel eyes currently fixed on candle in challenge . 
 miss bradshaw kept her smooth calm . 
 `` lord avery , may i present my cousin , daniel whitlow ? 
 daniel , viscount avery is here to purchase a chair for his mother . '' 
 the bull relaxed slightly , returning candle 's nod . 
 `` minnie -- miss bradshaw -- designs the best chairs in bath , lord avery . '' 
 he rested a proprietary hand on miss bradshaw 's shoulder . 
 `` you wo n't regret choosing one of her chairs . '' 
 `` two , '' candle said . 
 `` two chairs . '' 
 how proprietary was this cousin ? 
 not that candle cared . 
 not after what she did three years ago . 
 or did she ? 
 if her friend was mistaken about her preferences , did she tell the truth about miss bradshaw 's reasons for leaving ? 
 the bull was saying something else . 
 `` one for indoors , and one for outdoors , '' candle explained . 
 `` daniel , i need dark red leather for the outdoor chair . 
 can i purchase some from your stock ? '' 
 the bull nodded . 
 `` yes , we bought a whole cart-load of skins dyed for the mail order . 
 we could spare you a skin or two . '' 
 `` the one you 're using is a bit more orange . 
 i had in mind this colour . '' 
 she ran her hand over the merlin chair , as candle had a few minutes ago . 
 in precisely the same place . 
 he wondered if she realised that . 
 he shifted his hat , strategically . 
 the bull shook his head again . 
 `` no . 
 nothing that colour . '' 
 candle was opening his mouth to say he 'd choose another colour when the bull went on , `` and i ca n't spare anyone today to take you down to buy some . 
 we 're going to be all hands working late as it is . '' 
 `` i could escort you , miss bradshaw ? '' 
 candle offered . 
 the bull examined him with narrowed eyes . 
 `` after all , the sooner the chair is covered , the sooner my mother can try it out , '' candle went on , looking as innocent as he knew how . 
 it was enough . 
 the bull nodded again . 
 a beast of few words . 
 `` take your maid , minnie . 
 your servant , lord avery . '' 
 min changed into an afternoon dress in the room her father kept for her in the main building , while lord avery waited for her in the office downstairs . 
 he had n't blinked at the price she asked for the two chairs , writing a bank draft for the first chair , and promising payment on delivery for the other . 
 rumour had it he 'd inherited a fortune from a nabob uncle . 
 perhaps , for once , rumour spoke true . 
 as she buttoned her pelisse and tied her bonnet strings , she thought wistfully about the far more fashionable clothes that she had at home . 
 how silly . 
 lord avery was a client like any other , and she would no more dress up for him than she would for ... she cast about for the person she least wanted to impress . 
 daniel . 
 she would no more dress up for lord avery than for daniel . 
 they walked down cornwall street into walcot street , polly stample keeping pace behind . 
 `` how did you come to be making chairs , miss bradshaw ? '' 
 lord avery asked . 
 he could n't really be interested , but she would tell him , since he asked . 
 `` i began when my mother broke her hip , lord avery . 
 she was not entirely happy with the chair made by one of my father 's workmen , and i designed some improvements . 
 it has grown from there . '' 
 `` an unusual hobby for a woman , '' he commented . 
 a hobby , indeed . 
 every man min knew , from her father down , insisted on seeing her work as a hobby . 
 never mind that invalid chairs were one of their most profitable lines . 
 and she managed it all , from designing the chairs to keeping the accounts . 
 `` it is a business , not a hobby , '' she told lord avery . 
 he opened his mouth to say something , then visibly thought better of it . 
 `` go on , '' she said . 
 he did n't pretend not to know what she meant . 
 `` i do n't wish to make you cross , '' he told her . 
 `` i value my skin . '' 
 `` i will try to resist tossing you into the avon . '' 
 he laughed out loud . 
 `` you would need to trip me , miss bradshaw . 
 i 'm rather too large for you to lift . '' 
 `` are you changing the subject , lord avery ? '' 
 he spread his hands in surrender . 
 `` i was just going to say that business is rather an unusual hobby for a lady , '' he said . 
 `` i meant it as a joke , but i decided it was n't very funny . 
 truly , miss bradshaw , after the last six months , i have nothing but admiration for anyone who can run a business . '' 
 he sounded and looked sincere , but it could n't possibly be true . 
 min knew what the gentry thought of trade . 
 she 'd heard it often enough while she was at school . 
 `` mini , darling , whatever is that smell ? 
 have you not washed today ? 
 oh , but i forgot . 
 you can not wash off the shop , can you darling ? '' 
 ` mini ' was short for ` minimus ' , a comment on her size , and she hated it . 
 but lord avery was continuing . 
 `` i was raised to run the family estate , of course . 
 but i also inherited from my uncle six months ago . 
 he ran a huge business , and now i 'm trying to learn how to do it . 
 so far , i 've been lucky in my managers , but mother says i need to know the impact of every decision made in my name , and how everything works , and that seems sound to me . '' 
 min nodded . 
 `` that is what my father , says , too . 
 my mother says the same applies to running a house . 
 you have to know how to do everything in order to know everything is being done well . 
 this is pursell 's . '' 
 lord avery opened the door to the showroom . 
 at first the sales assistant assumed lord avery was the customer , but lord avery said , `` i am just here to escort miss bradshaw . '' 
 min pulled out an off-cut of the velvet they were matching , and leafed through the sample book until she found a match . 
 they did n't have that colour in stock , but she was assured they could have it dyed and ready for her within a week . 
 min reviewed her schedule . 
 if lady avery was happy to trial the chair for three weeks instead of a month , they could still make the christmas deadline . 
 `` i wish to select the skins , '' she told the sales assistant . 
 in the storeroom , she inhaled a deep lungful of the smell of fresh leather , then laughed when she realised lord avery was doing the same . 
 `` it reminds me of the saddle room at avery hall when i was little , '' he said . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` my father 's harness shop . 
 when i was little , my mother was in charge of it , and i spent a lot of time there . 
 my mother was a conti . '' 
 `` conti ? 
 your mother is related to gavriel conti ? '' 
 lord avery whistled . 
 `` i am sorry , miss bradshaw . 
 that was most impolite of me . 
 but conti saddlery is a legend . 
 i have a gavriel conti saddle , and i would n't part with it for the world . '' 
 `` gavriel conti was my grandfather . '' 
 she had found the stack of skins she wanted and the sales assistant was pulling them out so that she could inspect them . 
 the sales assistant 's superior attitude changed to reverence when he realised that he was serving the granddaughter of the great conti . 
 he must be new or he would have known . 
 she seldom bought skins herself , usually picking what she wanted from the manufactory 's stores , but she 'd been coming here with her parents since she was a babe in arms . 
 the sales assistant and lord avery began exchanging stories about conti harnesses and saddles that had come unscathed through trials that would have shredded lesser leatherwork . 
 lord avery was not what min had expected . 
 for a brief week , she had convinced herself that he was not like other offspring of the nobility -- that he saw past her modest birth and liked her as a person . 
 then , for three years , she believed he was just like all the others ; an idler who thought his noble birth entitled him to a life of ease and plenty , and who looked down on those whose labours made his leisure possible . 
 now , he confounded her . 
 if he was n't after her money -- and if the fortune he had inherited was a tenth of what people said , he did n't need her money -- why had he come seeking her ? 
 she discounted the story he 'd told ; it was , after all , highly unlikely the master of the pump rooms would send him to her , of all people . 
 she would have to watch him carefully , and guard her heart . 
 chapter two : truth in a tea shop miss bradshaw chose the skins she wanted and arranged for them to be dyed and delivered . 
 out in the street , it was raining again . 
 candle unfurled his umbrella . 
 he was so much taller than she that if he held it over both of them , she would be soaked in every gust of wind . 
 when he tried to hold it just over her , though , she objected . 
 `` my bonnet will keep me dry , lord avery . 
 i must not take you out of your way . '' 
 `` i promised to escort you , miss bradshaw . 
 surely you will allow me to keep my promise ? 
 do you return to your workshop ? '' 
 `` i am for home on henrietta street . 
 polly and i will be fine . '' 
 candle turned , and handed the maid his umbrella . 
 one of them might as well be dry . 
 `` then we will brave the weather together , miss bradshaw . '' 
 he offered her his arm . 
 they hurried down northgate street and turned towards the bridge . 
 miss bradshaw leant into him as she jumped over the puddles he strode past . 
 the magic was still working ; she still made him feel strong and capable . 
 three years ago , fresh out of university and new to the guard , he 'd been nervous in company , expecting the teasing he 'd endured at school to follow him into society . 
 and it did . 
 but miss bradshaw had talked to him about books , and gardens , and animals . 
 she 'd listened as he explained his plans for a military career . 
 she 'd taken his arm on walks and waved admiringly as he showed off his one skill , outriding all the other male guests . 
 tiny though she was , she never made him feel over tall and clumsy . 
 indeed , she liked his height . 
 she had confided that she was always nervous in crowds , but not when he was there to protect her . 
 was it all a tease ? 
 on an impulse , he pulled her into the doorway of crofts tea house , at the entrance to the bridge . 
 `` miss polly , '' he said to the maid . 
 `` your mistress and i will take shelter here while you hurry home and fetch another couple of umbrellas . '' 
 the maid turned uncertain eyes to miss bradshaw . 
 would she agree ? 
 candle held his breath . 
 `` run along , polly . 
 we will wait in the tea rooms . '' 
 he opened the door for min as the maid hurried off , almost invisible under the big umbrella . 
 following behind , he almost collided with min 's back when she stopped suddenly . 
 he was close enough to feel the tension radiating from her , and the effort she made to relax and continue into the little tea shop . 
 a servant hurried up . 
 candle absently asked for a table for two and for tea to be served . 
 most of his attention was on the couple already seated at the far side of the shop . 
 guy kitteridge was one of those who had made his life miserable at eton and later at oxford . 
 kitteridge was with his sister genevieve , lady norton , a slender blonde with a waspish tongue . 
 they were absorbed in their conversation , and with luck would n't notice candle and miss bradshaw . 
 he waved miss bradshaw ahead and followed her to a small table near the window that looked out onto the street across the bridge . 
 interesting that miss bradshaw reacted as she did . 
 lady norton had been a great friend of hers three years ago . 
 although , come to think of it , he had n't seen any signs of closeness between them during the house party . 
 it was only after miss bradshaw left that miss kitteridge told him they 'd been at school together . 
 miss bradshaw had seated herself so all the brother and sister would see was her back . 
 candle angled his chair so he , too , would be hard to recognise . 
 lady norton was the one who had told him why miss bradshaw left so precipitously . 
 was n't that interesting ? 
 candle beamed . 
 miss bradshaw raised her eyebrows . 
 no . 
 he would not explain to her why he was suddenly happy . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 perhaps one day . 
 the servant brought a laden tray . 
 two cups , a teapot , milk and sugar , a three-tier cake plate filled with savoury tarts on the lowest tier , delicate iced cakes on the middle tier , and candied fruit and flowers on the top . 
 as miss bradshaw poured the tea , he tested his new theory . 
 `` mr kitteridge and lady norton are over there in the corner , '' he said . 
 yes . 
 that was a slight grimace , quickly controlled . 
 but it was definitely a grimace . 
 `` no doubt you wish to greet your friend , '' was all she said . 
 but the warmth that had begun to creep into her voice during their afternoon was markedly absent . 
 `` he 's no friend of mine , '' candle assured her . 
 `` you have had a falling out ? '' 
 she handed him his cup , prepared just the way he had liked it three years earlier . 
 `` we never had a falling in , '' candle said . 
 he was watching the pair from the corner of his eye . 
 they 'd seen him -- it was hard to be inconspicuous when you were well over 6ft tall and had red hair . 
 `` do n't look now , '' he told miss bradshaw , `` but they 're coming over . '' 
 `` lord avery ? 
 it is lord avery . 
 i told guy it was you . '' 
 lady norton was fluttering her eyelashes at him . 
 she must have heard about his inheritance . 
 three years ago , she had barely acknowledged his existence , except to show her contempt . 
 the contempt was well veiled today , at least in his direction . 
 she did n't acknowledge miss bradshaw 's existence at all . 
 well , he could fix that . 
 `` you remember miss bradshaw , of course , '' candle said . 
 genevieve norton , known at school as kitty cat , rounded her blue , blue eyes into her innocent look . 
 min had seen her practicing that look and a dozen others in front of a mirror . 
 `` why , if it is n't little miss bradshaw . 
 fancy seeing you here . '' 
 `` i live in bath , '' min said . 
 `` oh , i know that . '' 
 lady norton slid her eyes sideways to lord avery , inviting him to join in the fun . 
 `` i meant here in a tea shop . 
 with a man . 
 on your own . 
 oh but perhaps i am mistaken . 
 perhaps the rules are different for those who are not ladies . '' 
 and she lowered her voice to not quite whisper to lord avery , `` she is a tradeswoman you know . 
 carriages or some such . '' 
 he smiled warmly at min . 
 `` as it happens , lady norton , you have interrupted a business meeting . 
 miss bradshaw is designing an invalid chair for my mother . 
 i know you will excuse us if we continue . '' 
 `` i know what kind of business i 'd like to discuss with miss bradshanks . '' 
 mr kitteridge said , waggling his eyebrows at her . 
 lord avery 's nostrils flared . 
 she had heard the expression , but she 'd never seen it happen . 
 but his voice was quiet and controlled when he said , `` kitteridge , perhaps you and your sister had better leave now . '' 
 lady norton fluttered her eyelashes at him again . 
 practiced expression number 8 , or was it 9 ? 
 `` lord avery , you must call while you are in bath . 
 perhaps tomorrow afternoon ? '' 
 `` thank you , lady norton . 
 however , i expect to be leaving bath in the morning . '' 
 kitteridge , his eyes on min , opened his mouth and then thought better of whatever inappropriate remark he was about to make . 
 he said good day , instead . 
 `` come on , vivi . 
 better be on our way . 
 things to do tonight , you know . '' 
 lady norton laughed , a tinkling little sound of amusement , also practiced . 
 `` such a busy place bath is this month , lord avery . 
 tell me , are you staying at the royal ? '' 
 `` i am not , '' lord avery said . 
 `` come on , vivi . 
 your servant , avery . 
 miss bradshanks . '' 
 lord avery took his seat again , and picked up the cup min had poured for him . 
 `` do you suppose he gets your name wrong on purpose ? '' 
 he asked ? 
 `` or is it general stupidity ? '' 
 the twinkle in his eyes put the nasty couple back into perspective . 
 now she was an adult , their petty insults had no power to hurt her . 
 she did n't move in their circles , and they were n't respected in hers . 
 anxiety , indignation : both receded under lord avery 's calm amusement . 
 `` a little of both , i believe , '' she replied . 
 `` what a poisonous pair , '' he said . 
 `` did she make your school days as unpleasant as he made mine ? 
 you know , when you disappeared from the house party , she told me that you had just been playing at liking me for the amusement of your friends . 
 her exact words , if i remember , were ` after all , captain avery , you are not exactly the answer to a young girl 's prayers , are you ? ' 
 i should n't have believed her , should i ? '' 
 good heavens . 
 she shook her head , her mind racing . 
 those past few hours at the house party had been too painful to remember , but she was now reliving the conversation that had sent her running to her room , to wait , wide-awake , till morning dawned and she could leave . 
 `` why did you leave ? '' 
 lord avery asked . 
 `` i heard ... i thought i heard you discussing me with mr kitteridge . 
 but i have just this moment realised . 
 i heard his voice , but the other voice . 
 it was very low ; i assumed it was yours , but ... kitty cat -- lady norton -- had told me you were just after my money , but she always sees the worst in everyone ... and then ... do you remember that i tore my hem and went to have it sewn up ? '' 
 `` i remember . 
 it was the last time i saw you . '' 
 his eyes were sombre . 
 `` i came back to the alcove where you were waiting , and i heard mr kitteridge say , ` avery , old chap , you have to admit , if you must marry the shop , it comes in quite a tasty package . ' 
 i could not move . 
 i just stood there . 
 i heard someone reply , very low . 
 i could n't make out the voice or the words , but mr kitteridge said , ` that 's right , avery . 
 no need to take her into society once you 've got your hands on her lovely money . ' 
 `` she blushed , remembering the rest of his sentence , which she was n't going to repeat . 
 ` keep her at home and enjoy all her other lovely assets where the smell of the shop wo n't bother the neighbours . 
 i would n't mind getting an heir and a spare on that one , i can tell you . ' 
 `` damn his lying , cheating eyes , '' candle said , forgetting for a moment that he was in the presence of a lady . 
 `` i beg your pardon , miss bradshaw . 
 will you believe i was n't there ? 
 when you left for the retiring room , i went to get us some punch . 
 i stopped to talk to some people . 
 i was watching the door , but someone ... '' he stopped , his eyes unfocused for a moment as he remembered . 
 `` lady norton bumped into me and spilled the punch . 
 i had my eyes off the door for several minutes . '' 
 miss bradshaw nodded . 
 `` she was in the retiring room . 
 she spent 10 minutes telling me how improvident you were , and how unworthy i was , and on , and on -- all in that sweet ` i am only trying to help ' voice of hers . 
 she left just before i did . '' 
 `` they planned it . 
 they were in it together . '' 
 miss bradshaw had clearly come to the same conclusion . 
 slowly and deliberately , she repeated , `` damn their lying , cheating eyes . '' 
 candle gave a bark of laughter , then turned suddenly serious . 
 `` we have wasted a bit of time , have n't we ? 
 may we start again , miss bradshaw ? 
 i was courting you , you know . 
 i 'd like to court you again , if i may . '' 
 miss bradshaw shook her head , sadly . 
 `` we come from different worlds , you and i . 
 the kitteridges were right about that . '' 
 `` it did n't matter back then . '' 
 `` i was 17 back then . 
 i believed cinderella could marry the prince . 
 i did not think about what her life would be like the next morning , raised to scrub out the kitchen and surrounded by people who despised kitchen maids . '' 
 candle would have argued , but the maid arrived with the umbrellas . 
 miss bradshaw thanked him for the tea . 
 `` polly and i will be fine from here , lord avery . 
 it is only just around the corner . '' 
 candle insisted , though , on escorting them both to her father 's fine terraced house on henrietta street . 
 she gave him her hand in parting , and one of those warm smiles that melted him from the centre . 
 `` i am so glad to know what really happened at the house party , lord avery . 
 all these years , i have believed i was mistaken in you . 
 i am happy to know that i was not . '' 
 he raised her hand , so tiny and delicate in his , but wiry and strong and capable . 
 `` please know that my admiration was , and is , genuine , miss bradshaw . '' 
 he kissed the air above the back of her hand , fighting the temptation to press his lips to her glove -- or to strip the glove off and lay his kiss in her palm . 
 he doused the thought . 
 all unbidden , it had left her sweet palm to travel up her arm and beyond , and he had to remain respectful if it killed him . 
 any sign that he regarded her as less than a lady would , he was sure , condemn him take her decision on his proposed courtship as final . 
 and that , he had no intention of doing . 
 chapter three : a choice of suitors mama was in a flap . 
 one of tonight 's guests had cancelled , and the table would be unbalanced . 
 the cook had taken back the turbot , saying it was not fresh , had started a screaming match with the fishmonger , and was now sulking . 
 papa had sent a message saying he and daniel would be late . 
 and the roses for the dining room were yellow , not pink as mama had ordered . 
 min nodded , and agreed , and nodded again . 
 mama would work it out . 
 mama always worked it out , and the dinner would be magnificent , as it always was . 
 but mama seemed to need the drama of solving one crisis after another . 
 min , though she took her colouring and size from her mother , was far more like her peaceful father in temperament . 
 `` if you can solve it , min , '' he would say , `` then do so . 
 if you ca n't solve it , it is n't your problem . 
 but worrying never changes anything . '' 
 sure enough , by the time the first guests were announced , the chaos had been resolved and all was in readiness . 
 mama , with min at her elbow , presented papa 's apologies for his tardiness . 
 `` a big order . 
 he is upstairs changing for dinner . 
 he and our nephew , daniel , will be down shortly . '' 
 the guest were all from trade families . 
 several times a week , the bradshaw dinner table became a location for what papa called the great game of business . 
 mama was an even better strategist than papa , choosing who to invite with an eye to advantage for bradshaw carriages , keeping the dinner table conversation light , but providing many alcoves and separate rooms for the private conversations that led to alliances for the benefit of each party . 
 martin billingham , who escorted min into dinner once her father and cousin arrived , was the son of the man who was trialling them on a royal mail order . 
 mama had suggested the contract might be sealed with a marriage . 
 mr billingham was , min supposed , a nice enough young man . 
 but -- whatever the business advantage -- min was not going to marry him . 
 at dinner , most of the talk was about the french , and whether they would invade . 
 some of those present believed napoleon was no longer a danger , now that he was committing troops to fight the austrians . 
 others thought it was only a matter of time until he beat the austrians and returned to bologna . 
 min pointed out that the french naval commander , villeneuve , had combined his fleet with the spanish fleet , at cadiz . 
 `` it is a worry , '' her father agreed . 
 `` trust admiral nelson to deal with them , '' daniel insisted . 
 `` and if they do n't , we have the militia , do we not ? '' 
 one of the other ladies said . 
 this was a sore point . 
 the volunteers that made up the militia were not paid , but they needed to be equipped , trained , and fed on training days . 
 mr billingham senior summed up the general view . 
 `` mark you ; it 's us that pays when they raise taxes . 
 it always comes back to us trade folk , whether it 's windows or servants or sugar . 
 one way or another , it comes back to us . '' 
 mr billingham held the current royal mail contract ; if bradshaw carriages met the deadline with the current order , they 'd have a lucrative partnership for the next five years . 
 `` you need not worry , miss bradshaw , '' the younger mr billingham assured her , when the men joined the ladies after dinner . 
 `` i am confident that napoleon will not dare to invade . 
 he knows the english will rise up to the last man to oppose the french should they land on our shores . '' 
 `` minnie does n't worry , martin , '' daniel said , taking the seat on her other side . 
 `` if the french took over bath , minnie would sell them chairs for all the soldiers injured in the invasion , would n't you , minnie ? 
 did you manage to get the leather you wanted ? '' 
 `` they 're dyeing some for me , '' she said . 
 `` a happy customer then . 
 although he 's not your usual sort , minnie . '' 
 mr billingham frowned . 
 `` i can not like you dealing with customers , miss bradshaw . 
 the risk ! 
 the scandal ! 
 i am surprised your father allows it . '' 
 daniel laughed . 
 `` oh uncle thinks anything minnie does is exceptional . '' 
 was that a sour note ? 
 daniel had no right to be jealous . 
 if anything , the shoe was on the other foot . 
 daniel was papa 's business heir , and was being trained to take over . 
 min 's childhood dream of running the carriage works would never come true . 
 she knew as much as daniel , but she was a woman and he was a man . 
 `` indeed , if i were to have the privilege of taking a jewel such as miss bradshaw into my home , '' mr billingham was proclaiming , speaking to daniel rather than min , `` she would never have to lift a hand in any kind of work . '' 
 min and daniel exchanged glances . 
 daniel changed the subject . 
 `` so who was the long streak ? 
 avery , you said ? '' 
 `` viscount avery . 
 he has an estate a few hours from here , '' min said . 
 she knew exactly where it was , too . 
 `` he was buying chairs for his mother . '' 
 daniel made a statement of it , a frown creasing his forehead . 
 `` i 'm sorry , minnie . 
 i was distracted . 
 i should have sent someone to escort you or asked you to wait till tomorrow . '' 
 mr billingham looked indignant , his chin jutted forward and his eyes protruding more than usual . 
 `` if you suffered insult , miss bradshaw , i will ... i will seek this viscount out and demand an apology . '' 
 he nodded as if satisfied with that solution , though the anxiety in his eyes hinted that he hoped such a move would not be necessary . 
 `` lord avery was all things gentlemanly , daniel . 
 thank you , mr billingham . 
 i suffered no insult . '' 
 `` you must know that i would do anything for you , miss bradshaw . '' 
 best to put a stop to that conversational direction immediately . 
 `` how kind , but i am well able to depend on my father and my cousin , '' she said . 
 daniel turned a laugh into a cough . 
 `` i think my mama wants me , '' min said , suppressing the urge to kick her cousin . 
 `` excuse me , gentlemen . '' 
 for the remainder of the evening , she managed to avoid mr billingham . 
 she could not keep him from coming to the point indefinitely , but in a few more weeks she would be able to refuse him without any damage to her father 's business . 
 mama came to tuck her in . 
 `` you may be 20 , minerva , '' she had replied , when min suggested that she was too old for tucking in , `` but you will be my baby girl till the day i die . '' 
 `` not mr billingham , my love ? '' 
 she said , as she pulled the sheets up to minerva 's chin and smoothed them out . 
 `` no , mama . 
 not mr billingham . '' 
 `` do n't leave it too late , minerva . 
 invalid chairs wo n't keep you warm at night , and you can not rock business ledgers in a cradle . 
 i know what i 'm talking about , baby . 
 papa and i -- papa was 41 and i was 38 when you were born . 
 we had a happy marriage , but you made our lives complete . '' 
 `` that is part of the problem , mama . 
 you and papa show me that marriage can be a partnership , and i want that . 
 mr billingham likes the way i look , but he does n't like me . 
 he does n't know me , and he does n't want to know me . '' 
 but lord avery does , a small voice whispered . 
 she ignored it . 
 lord avery was not for her . 
 candle went to dinner with a couple of friends from army days , and they spent the evening fighting an invasion . 
 beckett was still in the guard , but their host , michaels , had sold out about the same time as candle , and was fascinated to hear that candle had set up and was training a local company of militia . 
 `` if we can hold napoleon off at sea , we 'll be fine , '' michaels said . 
 `` but we 'd be fools to discount the possibility of him landing . 
 and he 'll be back when he 's finished in austria . '' 
 `` it 's not like regular army work , '' candle explained . 
 `` our farm boys and footmen wo n't be able to stand up to napoleon 's trained soldiers , and we wo n't try . 
 but every englishman and every englishwoman will be able to strike a blow when the french are n't watching . 
 a broken wheel here , a shot from the darkness over there , a purge in their soup somewhere else . '' 
 beckett winced . 
 `` that 's hitting below the belt , '' he joked . 
 `` but you are teaching them to fight , '' michaels said . 
 `` yes , but a different kind of fighting . 
 a few people moving fast in and out of cover , and striking only at weak points . '' 
 they spent hours fighting skirmishes and sneak attacks with the salt cellars and the cutlery , taking advantage of every bit of cover provided by a dinner plate or a fold in the tablecloth . 
 when candle and beckett left michaels ' lodgings , the dawn was just lightening the sky . 
 the shortest distance to the hotel district led through the south end of the town , where weary prostitutes returning home from work passed day-labourers heading to the better end of town to begin theirs . 
 one particularly pretty girl walked towards and then past them , and beckett turned to watch . 
 `` we could pick up a couple of girls ... no , you do n't do you . '' 
 candle shook his head . 
 `` you go ahead , beckett . '' 
 he had n't been with a purchased woman since his 16th birthday , when his father took him to a brothel as a present . 
 that virgin boy had been first embarrassed , then delighted , then -- when he read the contrast between the smile on the painted lips and the hopelessness in the kohl-lined eyes -- horrified . 
 fortunately , his father had lost interest in him again , and he 'd remained nearly an innocent until his disappointment over miss bradshaw had sent him seeking experience . 
 he spared a smile for the bored lusty widow who had educated him in london . 
 she was still a good friend ; remarried now , and he was glad of it . 
 she deserved happiness . 
 her successors had likewise been widows who enjoyed a discrete liaison with someone who treated them with respect and was happy to squire them to social events . 
 he had not had such a liaison in six months ; not since he sold out when his father died and his mother was injured . 
 was that the reason for his lustful response to miss bradshaw ? 
 he did n't think so . 
 he was all but certain he would respond to her if he 'd just been intimate with an army of widows , end to end . 
 and he was completely certain army of naked widows would n't have half the effect on him of miss bradshaw 's delectable posterior in a pair of workman 's overalls . 
 he continued on , smiling at his own besotted imaginings . 
 he could see glimpses of the abbey . 
 the buildings behind it blocked his view of the river across which miss bradshaw would be sleeping . 
 he passed a flower shop that was just opening its doors to offload a cartload of flowers , still in buckets and fresh from the fields . 
 flowers . 
 why not ? 
 he was whistling when he exited the flower shop . 
 a wash , a quick nap , a shave , and he 'd be as good as new . 
 and in four more hours , when he called to collect the merlin chair , he would see her again . 
 lord avery was precise to his time , arriving on the dot of 11 o’clock . 
 min and the worker daniel had spared to her had the chair packed around with blankets and wrapped in a canvas against the weather . 
 `` my mother asked me to thank you for the flowers . '' 
 he must have bought every bloom in the shop . 
 they were delivered to her mother ; a polite fiction that she appreciated . 
 min was both appalled at his extravagance and flattered by his attention . 
 `` they are lovely , but i told you not to court me , '' she scolded , when the worker was out of earshot . 
 `` to be precise , '' he said , `` you told me that the kitteridges were right . 
 this being completely beyond the bounds of possibility , i decided you must be having a momentary lapse of reason , quite out of character , and it would be kindest to ignore you . '' 
 `` lord avery ! '' 
 she did n't know what else to say . 
 she wanted to laugh , but that would just encourage him . 
 `` you will note , however , that the flowers were not addressed to you , but to the lovely mrs bradshaw , '' he reminded her . 
 `` you have not met my mother . '' 
 `` true . 
 but i 'm sure i would conceive a hopeless passion for her if i did . 
 if i had not already given my heart to her daughter . '' 
 `` lord avery ! '' 
 `` you could call me candle if you like , '' he said . 
 `` i could not . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he admitted . 
 `` it 's a silly name . 
 they gave it to me at school . 
 because i 'm tall and thin and have a flame on top . 
 call me randall . 
 that 's my name , you know . '' 
 min did know . 
 she had looked him up in debrett 's at the circulating library . 
 she was n't going to tell him that . 
 `` i will call you lord avery , '' she said , firmly . 
 `` really ? 
 think about it . 
 you 're an efficient woman . 
 would n't randall be quicker and easier to say ? '' 
 `` or ran , '' she said , the words slipping out before she could stop them . 
 sometimes , in her day dreams , she had called him ran . 
 lord avery was delighted . 
 `` yes . 
 please call me ran . 
 that would be very efficient . '' 
 `` and very inappropriate , '' she said . 
 she could tell he was going to argue some more , but the worker called out to say he 'd secured the chair on the back of lord avery 's high-perch phaeton , and daniel arrived . 
 daniel wasted no time . 
 `` you sent my aunt a lot of flowers , lord avery . '' 
 `` i did , mr whitlow . 
 i wished to show my appreciation for her daughter 's help , and my delight that we have met again . '' 
 `` is that right ? 
 you did n't say you 'd met lord avery before , minnie '' `` it was three years ago , daniel . '' 
 daniel turned his suspicious eyes back on lord avery . 
 the bull was very protective . 
 cousinly ? 
 but it was n't unknown for cousins to marry . 
 surely miss bradshaw would have told him if she had an understanding with the pugnacious mr whitlow ? 
 certainly candle was n't going to have another chance for a private word with miss bradshaw . 
 his teasing was having the desired effect before the bull butted in . 
 ran , indeed . 
 he liked it . 
 ran and min avery . 
 he liked it very much . 
 and not least because the way it slipped out showed she 'd been thinking about him . 
 `` when should i return for the other chair , '' he asked . 
 `` in 12 days ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll have it ready by the 6th of november . 
 shall we say the 7th to be safe ? '' 
 as he prepared to climb into the phaeton , the bull crowded in on him , ostensibly to make a hand to give him a leg up . 
 `` be very careful , lord avery , '' he muttered . 
 `` my cousin has relatives who will protect her honour . '' 
 `` i promise you , '' he said , keeping his own voice low , `` i will guard her honour with my life . '' 
 the bull looked at him long and hard , then nodded . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 and he gave candle a heave , propelling him up into the phaeton . 
 candle leaned down to take the reins from the worker . 
 `` good day , mr whitlow . 
 your humble servant , miss bradshaw . 
 i will see you in a fortnight . '' 
 chapter four : families have their say it was a long fortnight . 
 candle was busy , but he still found time to dream when he was n't attending to his business interests and the estate , and choosing presents to send to miss bradshaw . 
 he wanted her and her family to be in no doubt about his intentions . 
 that meant he could n't send her anything that would be inappropriate between a gentleman and an unmarried lady , even if everything was addressed to her mother or her father . 
 clearly , the cousin was ready to believe that candle was up to no good . 
 if he sent miss bradshaw anything too personal , the cousin would be after him with one of those wheelwright 's mallets candle had seen at the workshop . 
 but flowers were very ordinary . 
 he rather thought he was doing better than that . 
 meanwhile , the news from europe was bad . 
 napoleon had won a major battle , devastating the armies of the third coalition . 
 from the reports in the newspaper , the allies had suffered devastating losses at a place called ulm . 
 candle looked it up on the map in his study . 
 `` randall , dear . '' 
 his mother 's voice made him jump . 
 her new chair let her glide around the ground floor on her own . 
 she loved the freedom it gave her , but he still was n't used to her sudden appearances . 
 perhaps he should ask miss bradshaw if there was a way to make the wheels squeak . 
 `` mother , '' he said . 
 he bent to kiss her check and examined her face as he did . 
 she was too thin , too pale , and the pain lines around her eyes were highlighted by dark shadows from too many nights without sleep . 
 `` how are you , my dear ? '' 
 `` well , thank you , randall , '' she said , as she always did . 
 `` you have n't been sleeping . 
 wo n't you take the medicine the doctor gave you ? 
 just for one night ? '' 
 `` it gives me bad dreams , randall , and makes my head feel as if it is stuffed with cotton wool . 
 now do not fuss , dear one . 
 it is a mother 's job to fret over her child , not the other way around . 
 i came to ask if you would run some messages for me when you go into bath . '' 
 `` willingly , of course . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 `` i have a list . '' 
 it came as no surprise that most of what mother wanted was for her garden . 
 she was so looking forward to the new outdoor chair so she could supervise the plantings of the new bulbs she wanted him to buy . 
 her favourite nursery company had sent her a catalogue with hand-tinted tulips and crocuses . 
 `` they will be so pretty next year , randall . '' 
 `` you 'll be careful , wo n't you ? 
 you will stay indoors if the weather is unkind ? 
 you will wrap up warm ? '' 
 `` you are fussing again , my son , '' she scolded . 
 `` you 're very precious to me , mother . 
 may i not look after you ? '' 
 `` you need a wife of your own to fuss over , i think . 
 what of this miss bradshaw who made the chairs ? '' 
 `` miss bradshaw ? '' 
 sometimes , candle thought , his mother lifted thoughts right out of people 's heads . 
 how else would she know to ask that question ? 
 confined to a bed and now a chair , she did n't see him around the estate organising deliveries to bath , and she did n't have access to his correspondence . 
 `` do n't look surprised , dearest . 
 i am your mother . 
 i know you better than anyone on earth . 
 your eyes go soft and misty when you mention her , and you have mentioned her several times every day since you came home . '' 
 she frowned a little . 
 `` i do hope you have resolved whatever came between you last time . '' 
 `` last time . '' 
 what did she know about last time ? 
 `` lady cresthover wrote to me when you began to show an interest in miss bradshaw at lady cresthover 's house party . 
 a charity case of her daughter 's , she said , and perhaps not suitable for a peer 's son . 
 but lady cresthover is a silly woman , so i discounted that . 
 and then she wrote again to say that you had broken the poor girl 's heart by courting her for her money . 
 which is patently ridiculous , randall , because you would never do such a thing . '' 
 `` i hope you told her so , mother . '' 
 `` oh no , randall dearest . 
 such gossips are so useful when one does not go out in society much . 
 as long as one keeps in mind that 90 % of what they say is exaggerated and the rest is invented . 
 i would not discourage lady cresthover 's letters for the world . 
 so have you resolved your difficulties with miss bradshaw ? '' 
 `` i am working on it , mother . 
 you would n't mind ? '' 
 `` mind you marrying into a trade family ? 
 darling boy , i am from a merchant family , which the gentry consider to be the same thing . 
 except your father married me for my money , whereas you are in love , are you not ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' candle said . 
 `` i think i have loved her since i first met her . '' 
 lord avery must have left an order at the shop , because more flowers arrived the day after he left , and more the day after that . 
 then the first package arrived : an edition of mother goose tales , robert sanders ' translation of charles perrault 's fairy tales . 
 the story of the little glass slipper was among them . 
 it had clearly been much read . 
 `` who is it from , '' mama asked . 
 `` there is no note , '' min told her , but she had no doubt who had sent the package . 
 the flowers kept arriving , different each day . 
 the miscellaneous baskets of the first day gave way to blue salvia and tea roses the second , wrapped in ivy and ferns . 
 the ivy and ferns reappeared on the third day with zinnia flowers , and on the fourth -- the day the book arrived -- irises . 
 the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary . 
 on the sixth day , two brace of pheasants , a basket of apples , and a large bag of walnuts were delivered to the kitchen , this time with a note to min 's mother . 
 `` viscount avery begs that mrs bradshaw will accept this small offering from his estate . '' 
 mama raised her eyebrows , but said nothing . 
 that day , the flowers were delicate orchids , and the following brought anemones . 
 on the next day , she was hovering in the hall when the yellow roses arrived . 
 `` more flowers from your young man , minerva ? '' 
 it was mama , watching her from the stairs . 
 minerva , sure her smile was beyond fatuous , pretended to sniff the roses until she could school her face to calm again . 
 `` he is not mine , mama . 
 he is just amusing himself , as the aristocracy do . '' 
 she hurried away before mama could say more . 
 the skins had arrived at the workshop the previous evening , and she had a chair to cover . 
 the ninth day brought hollyhocks and a jug of cider addressed to papa , prompting papa to ask what `` young avery is after , trying to turn me up sweet . '' 
 `` minnie , uncle george , '' daniel explained . 
 `` lord avery is after minnie . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' papa growled , `` but what does he mean by it , that 's what i want to know . '' 
 `` he means to court her , george , '' mama said . 
 `` that 's what the myrtle means . 
 myrtle for marriage , ivy for faithfulness , ferns for sincerity , and rosemary for remembrance . '' 
 min had taken four days to realise that lord avery 's choices were deliberate , and had been able to decipher only some of the messages . 
 mama might have said she knew what they meant ! 
 `` he sent blue salvia and tea roses first ; that 's ` you occupy my thoughts , always ' . 
 then zinnias for absent friends ; ` i miss you . ' 
 the day after that , he sent irises ; ` your friendship means so much to me ' . 
 he sent white roses and daisies on the day he added the myrtle and rosemary . 
 white roses and daisies are both for innocence . 
 ` i remember you are an innocent , and i intend marriage . ' 
 he followed those with anemones , which mean fragile or forsaken . 
 with the myrtle and the rest , he means , ` my heart is fragile ; do not forsake me . ' 
 orchids for beauty the next day ; ` i find you beautiful ' . 
 then yellow roses for friendship and caring ; ` i care for you and wish to have your friendship . ' 
 today 's blossom is hollyhock . 
 that means ambition ; ` i strive to win you ' . '' 
 daniel and papa stared at mama , and then turned to contemplate min . 
 `` i had better put these in water , '' min said , wanting time on her own to think about what mama had said . 
 did lord avery really mean all of that ? 
 but even if he did , he was still a peer , and the gap between them was still too large . 
 now that mother had opened the way , candle found himself talking to her about miss bradshaw . 
 he 'd never told anyone about the ill-fated house party , but he could make a story of it without bitterness now that he knew that he and his beloved had been the victims of malicious scheming . 
 `` why would they do it , mother ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` i can think of a number of reasons , randall . 
 some people like to break anything pretty or pleasing . 
 they can not stand for other people to be happy . 
 from what you say , the brother thought of you as his natural victim . 
 and the sister probably felt the same about miss bradshaw . 
 i daresay the pair of you ignored them , and they would hate that . '' 
 candle nodded . 
 `` i would n't even remember them being there if miss kitteridge had not been the one to tell me miss bradshaw was gone . '' 
 `` another possibility is that miss kitteridge had hopes of her own . 
 it was about that time my brother retired to england , and she may have thought you would inherit -- which you did , of course , though not until this year . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , she was n't even nice to me ... although ... '' candle stared into the past for a moment . 
 `` actually , around six months later she tried to ... warm the acquaintance , i suppose . 
 all of a sudden , she seemed to be at all the events i went to , and she stopped making cutting remarks and -- i got the impression she wanted me as part of her court . '' 
 `` i expect she had n't been in town till then . '' 
 candle agreed . 
 kitteridge and his sister had come up to london for the season . 
 `` so what did you do , '' mother asked . 
 candle flushed a little . 
 `` seeing her reminded me of losing miss bradshaw . 
 so i stopped going into society until she left london again . '' 
 `` and then look what she did next . '' 
 `` i do n't know what she did next . '' 
 `` she married baron norton , randall dear . 
 and gave birth to a very premature baby five months after the wedding . 
 a son , after lord norton 's previous four wives had failed to have any children at all . '' 
 `` good heavens , mother . 
 are you suggesting what i think you are suggesting ? '' 
 `` i think you were miss kitteridge 's first choice to father her cuckoo . 
 on the whole , she did not do too badly in choosing lord norton . '' 
 `` you shock me , mother . 
 you think him a preferable husband to me ? '' 
 `` i think she would have found you far less malleable than she expected . 
 and lord norton suffered a seizure at the christening party after over-imbibing in celebratory punch . 
 he was dead before his heir was six months old . 
 yes , she did n't do too badly at all . 
 of course , the money is in trust for the little heir , and she is not a trustee . 
 or the boy 's guardian . 
 but lord norton left her a moderate income and a house in bath as her widow 's portion . '' 
 `` how on earth do you know all this , mother . '' 
 mother smiled , gently . 
 `` i told you lady cresthover has her uses . '' 
 sunday morning brought carnations , a mixed bunch of red and white . 
 `` ` you are sweet and lovely , and my heart aches for you ' , '' mama translated . 
 after the sunday service , daniel found min in the conservatory , sketching an improvement to the gearing that moved the wheels on a merlin chair . 
 `` what 's that you 've got ? 
 something for one of your chairs ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a gearing , '' she said , shortly , but he did n't take the hint . 
 `` i 'm glad i found you alone . 
 are uncle george and aunt gavriella ... '' he looked around as if he was expecting them to leap out from behind one of the potted ferns . 
 `` papa is resting , and mama is sitting with him . '' 
 daniel looked alarmed , and min hastened to reassure him . 
 `` he is just tired . 
 you have been working long hours , and he is not a young man . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it has been hard on him , but you know how he is . 
 he needs to watch over everything . '' 
 daniel shook his head . 
 `` i 've told him he needs to slow down . 
 but he wo n't . '' 
 `` he will soon . 
 he says he plans to retire once this contract is signed . 
 when do you expect that ? '' 
 `` we 'll have the order done tomorrow , so that will be the worst of it . 
 we wo n't be able to relax till the client has finished inspections , but by the end of the week we 'll know for certain whether the contract is going ahead . '' 
 daniel grimaced . 
 `` i do n't know , though . 
 he has talked about retirement before , but it has never happened . '' 
 `` mama has never been in favour before , '' min told him . 
 `` this time , she is saying it is time to let go . 
 she knows you can handle it . 
 i know you can handle it . 
 even papa knows . 
 you are an excellent manager , and of course it will all be yours one day . '' 
 she had resented that , when she was younger ; being overlooked as an heir to the carriage works just because she was female . 
 but building the chair business had taught her her father 's decision to choose daniel to inherit was a practical one . 
 the buyers wanted to deal with a man . 
 the suppliers wanted to deal with a man . 
 the workers wanted to deal with a man . 
 at every turn , she had to prove herself , struggle against their preconceptions , and -- even then -- often call her father or her cousin to back her up . 
 she was slowly building a reputation and a set of relationships that made those help calls less necessary , but her father 's support meant she remained in business while she did so . 
 `` thank you , minnie . 
 that means a lot to me , to have you say that . '' 
 `` so what did you want to say to me , daniel ? '' 
 uncharacteristically , daniel looked at his feet . 
 `` minnie , i was wondering , are you going to accept lord avery ? '' 
 no , she was n't , but she choked on saying so . 
 `` he has not asked me , daniel . '' 
 `` aunt gavriella says he will . 
 she is generally right , you know . '' 
 `` it would not work , daniel , you know that . 
 they can put up with us if we stay in our place , the upper classes . 
 but if we dare to think we are as good as they are ... '' she trailed off . 
 daniel had been to a school for gentlemen . 
 he knew how the gentry treated their sort . 
 `` perhaps . 
 well , what about billingham ? '' 
 `` are you trying to marry me off , daniel ? '' 
 `` minnie , you have to see . 
 if your father retires and moves away , you ca n't stay here . 
 you ca n't go on working in the yard , and you ca n't go on living in the same house as me . 
 there . 
 that 's what i came to say . '' 
 his back was stiff with embarrassment as he left . 
 min sat by herself for a long time . 
 of course she could n't stay . 
 cousins though they were , and raised as brother and sister , they could not live under the one roof without mama and papa in the house . 
 as soon as daniel said so , she realised it . 
 mama and papa planned to retire to a country village where mama could have a garden and , papa said , where daniel would n't feel papa breathing down his neck . 
 but she had n't considered how that might affect her . 
 how foolish . 
 when the last of the order was filled the next day , papa took the rest of the afternoon off . 
 `` papa , may i walk with you ? '' 
 min asked . 
 `` leaving early , daughter ? '' 
 papa said . 
 `` yes , walk with me . '' 
 he offered her his arm , and they set off down the road together . 
 `` i want to ask you about lord avery , '' papa said . 
 `` roses , this morning , was it ? 
 what does mama say about that ? '' 
 `` buds of moss roses with lily of the valley . 
 ` confessions of love to one who is sweet ' , mama said . '' 
 she might n't want lord avery 's pursuit , but she could n't help be touched . 
 `` do you like him , daughter ? '' 
 `` it does not matter , papa . 
 he is a viscount , and i am a carriage-maker 's daughter . 
 it would not work . '' 
 `` is he a good man , little owl ? '' 
 papa had n't called her ` little owl ' in years . 
 it was his pet name for her , a reference to the familiar of the goddess she was named for . 
 `` i think he is , papa . 
 but he is still a viscount . 
 papa , have you thought about where you and mama will go when you retire ? '' 
 `` i have promised mama a garden . 
 i have promised daniel that i wo n't look over his shoulder . 
 and i 've promised myself i 'll be close enough to bath to come back if daniel needs me . '' 
 papa laughed at his own reluctance to let go . 
 `` anywhere in particular , papa ? '' 
 papa shook his head . 
 `` we have n't started looking , yet . 
 after christmas . 
 after christmas we will decide a place and a date . 
 do you have a place you would like , daughter ? '' 
 `` i do not mind , papa . 
 as long as it has a workshop big enough for me to make my chairs . '' 
 `` you should be making babies , not chairs , '' papa grumbled . 
 `` marry your viscount or choose another man , and give me and mama grand-babies . '' 
 `` i would marry a man who would let me make my chairs , '' min said . 
 `` ah min . 
 your mama was right . 
 she told me that if i encouraged you i would end up breaking your heart . 
 min . 
 little owl . 
 face facts . 
 women are n't meant to make carriages , even your little ones . 
 i 've let you make your chairs and sell them , and a very good job you have done of it too . 
 i 've been very proud of you . 
 but a man does n't want his wife to go out to work . '' 
 `` you let mama work in the harness shop , '' min protested . 
 `` remember that , do you ? 
 i had no choice , min . 
 we did n't have the money , when we started out , to hire a good harness maker . 
 mama was the best . 
 but as soon as i could , i replaced her so she could stay home . 
 a man does n't want his wife to go out to work . 
 looking after the home , visiting her friends . 
 that 's enough . '' 
 not for me , min wanted to say , but papa kept talking . 
 `` no , min , give up this notion and look around for a husband . 
 i do n't blame you for not wanting billingham . 
 how a bright man like his father has such a foolish son is beyond me . 
 but come out of your workshop sometimes . 
 go to a few dinners and parties . 
 meet people . 
 look around . 
 what do you say , min ? 
 it 'll be fun . '' 
 chapter five : news from abroad candle arrived in bath on the evening of the 6th , and had to fight the urge to go immediately in search of miss bradshaw . 
 he wandered down to the florist shop . 
 mrs brown , the florist , greeted him with enthusiasm . 
 `` have the deliveries gone as planned ? '' 
 he asked , and was assured that flowers had been delivered every morning . 
 he and mrs brown had spent nearly two hours , the week before last , planning the flowers to send and the order to send them . 
 `` my delivery boy tells me that the whole household waits each morning to see what 's next , '' mrs brown said . 
 `` it 's the christmas roses for tomorrow , sir ? '' 
 candle nodded . 
 ` i am all anxiety until i see you , ' they meant . 
 the large pot of honey from the estate 's hives should have been delivered this morning . 
 he had sent a note presenting his compliments to mr bradshaw , and asking leave to call on him tomorrow afternoon . 
 half his anxiety was for what mr bradshaw might say , and the rest for his beloved . 
 had his persistent assault by flower and food softened her towards him ? 
 he could only hope so . 
 he made his way back to the white hart inn , surprised at the number of people on the streets . 
 his friend michaels was in the crowd in front of the inn . 
 `` there 's been a great battle , '' he told candle , not bothering with greetings . 
 `` someone who 's come in on the coach is going to read the gazette . 
 they 're just setting him up in a window so everyone can hear . '' 
 `` where ? 
 a battle where ? '' 
 candle was torn between staying to listen and rushing across the river to assure himself of miss bradshaw 's safety . 
 `` a sea battle . 
 a victory , they say , but nelson is dead . '' 
 the great nelson , dead . 
 it was hard to believe . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 candle turned at the new voice . 
 miss bradshaw 's cousin , with a much older man . 
 `` is nelson dead ? '' 
 `` so i 'm told , mr whitlow . '' 
 candle introduced whitlow and michaels , and was in turn introduced to the older man , mr bradshaw . 
 he was built on the same powerful lines as his nephew , but had eyes as grey as his daughter 's . 
 `` so you 're lord avery , '' he said . 
 `` quiet , '' michaels interrupted . 
 `` he 's starting . '' 
 from an open window on the second floor of the inn , a stout man in a florid waistcoat began , `` dispatches , of which the following are copies , were received at the admiralty this day , at one o’clock a.m. , from vice-admiral collingwood , commander in chief of his majesty 's ships and vessels of cadiz . '' 
 at the words ` commander in chief ' , a murmur ran through the crowd , followed by whispered commands to hush . 
 `` euryalus , off cape trafalgar . 
 october 22nd , 1805 , '' the reader continued . 
 he paused , and looked out at the people , silent below him . 
 `` sir , -- the ever-to-be-lamented death of vice-admiral , lord viscount nelson , who in the late conflict with the enemy fell in the hour of victory , leaves to me the duty ... '' the crowd listened for the most part in hushed silence , though they cheered when the reader reported , `` ... it pleased the almighty disposer of all events to grant his majesty 's arms a complete and glorious victory , '' and groaned at , `` his lordship received a musket ball in his left breast ... and soon after expired . '' 
 it took nearly 40 minutes to read the two closely printed sides of the newsheet . 
 afterwards , the crowd dispersed in small clumps , all discussing the news . 
 `` i do n't know whether to cheer or weep , '' candle said . 
 `` i know , lad , '' mr bradshaw agreed . 
 `` napoleon has suffered a heavy loss , that 's certain . 
 but nelson is a heavy loss to our dear england . '' 
 michaels muttered something about an appointment and left . 
 candle did n't fancy going into the inn . 
 the noisy public bar or a lonely private room -- neither appealed . 
 for want of a better option , he walked with mr bradshaw and whitlow around the roman baths and past the abbey towards the bridge . 
 `` so you 're the young lord who has turned my house into a flower shop and who wants to come and see me tomorrow , '' mr bradshaw said . 
 no time like the present . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i wish to ask your permission to court your daughter , sir . '' 
 `` you 're already courting my daughter , seemingly . 
 unless you are carrying on a clandestine affair with my dear wife . '' 
 mr bradshaw looked stern , but one of candle 's colonels had displayed just such a twinkle when apparently chewing out a subordinate he was pleased with . 
 `` after all , uncle , he has sent aunt gavrielle all those flowers and most of the notes , '' whitlow offered , finding his own remark enormously amusing . 
 `` you 'd better come to dinner , then , '' mr bradshaw said , and led the way onto the bridge . 
 `` do you think this victory will stop the corsican ? '' 
 `` it will at least stop him from invading england until he has built some more ships , '' candle said . 
 `` yes , '' whitlow agreed . 
 `` we do n't know the details yet , but whatever ships we 've lost will be replaced by the ships we 've captured from the french and the spanish . '' 
 `` nothing will make up for the loss of nelson , '' mr bradshaw said . 
 candle nodded , but was still thinking about stopping napoleon . 
 `` we can hold napoleon off by sea , but we 'll need to meet him on land to end his ambitions . '' 
 they continued discussing the battle and its implications for the rest of the walk , until mr bradshaw opened his front door and ushered candle inside . 
 miss bradshaw and a much older woman , clearly related , were just descending the stairs . 
 `` my love , '' mr bradshaw told his wife , `` i have brought lord avery for dinner , and we have sad but glorious news . '' 
 it was lord avery . 
 here . 
 in her house . 
 she had been steeling herself to be indifferent to him tomorrow , when he came for the chair . 
 now was too early . 
 she was n't ready . 
 he smiled at her , and her knees turned to jelly . 
 yesterday he 'd sent asters -lrb- ` i love you ' -rrb- , a watercolour of a country house , and a note that said his mother had asked him to send her mother a painting she 'd made of their home , avery hall . 
 this morning , it had been damask roses and stephanotis , plus a large pot of honey . 
 the flowers , mama said , meant ` i send these flowers as an ambassador of my love , and i look to be happy in marriage ' . 
 the note that asked for an interview with papa needed no interpreter . 
 and now he was here . 
 in her house . 
 almost a whole day early . 
 something they were saying caught her ear ; something about nelson ? 
 `` dead ? '' 
 mama was asking . 
 `` just a moment , '' papa said . 
 he turned to the butler . 
 `` heath , assemble the staff in the drawing room . 
 they 'll want to hear this . '' 
 min took a seat with mama in the drawing room , and -- once the house 's staff were gathered -- listened to the report of the battle , the great victory , and the great loss . 
 lord avery stayed with the two women after the staff had dispersed and papa and daniel had gone upstairs to change for dinner . 
 `` will this loss of all his navy stop napoleon , do you think ? '' 
 mama asked . 
 `` it will stop him invading us , ma’am , '' candle answered , `` at least for the moment . 
 it wo n't stop him rampaging all over the continent . '' 
 mama had more questions , and min was content to sit and watch mama and lord avery talk . 
 the other two joined them and they all went in to a much delayed dinner . 
 napoleon and nelson continued to dominate the conversation . 
 lord avery was knowledgeable and ready to defend his own opinion , but also willing to change his mind if someone else offered a persuasive argument . 
 and he showed no signs of distinguishing between the arguments of the women and those of the men ; none of the condescension min was used to from every man she knew . 
 even papa and daniel were not quite exceptions , since she was sure they 'd just learned to keep their condescension veiled from her and mama . 
 by the second setting , min had forgotten her wariness . 
 lord avery behaved as if he came to dinner every day , and the family all treated him as if he belonged . 
 `` cook used your honey in this , lad , '' papa told him , taking a spoonful of the syllabub . 
 `` it is good , is n't it , '' lord avery replied . 
 `` my beekeeper tells me that this year 's honey is particularly strong in orchard flavours . 
 the fruit trees blossomed well , i 'm told . '' 
 mama 's eyes crinkled at the corners , as she smiled at lord avery . 
 `` i have not thanked you , yet , for all the lovely flowers you sent me . 
 such charming messages . '' 
 he took her teasing in his stride . 
 `` a fitting tribute to your beauty , mrs bradshaw . '' 
 after dinner , min reluctantly left the dining room with mama . 
 what would papa and daniel say to lord avery with the women out of the room ? 
 what would he say to them ? 
 `` i like your lord avery , child , '' mama said , breaking into her thoughts . 
 `` but he is still an aristocrat , however nice he may be . '' 
 `` he is not mine , mama . 
 i am not foolish enough to think i could marry a peer . '' 
 `` i worry , my love . 
 i do not want to see you hurt . 
 and i can not help but remember what happened when we sent you to school . '' 
 `` so , lord avery , '' mr bradshaw began , as soon as the door shut behind the two women . 
 `` you want permission to court my daughter . '' 
 candle had n't thought to have this conversation in front of a witness , but if that was the way mr bradshaw wanted it , so be it . 
 mr bradshaw correctly interpreted his glance at whitlow . 
 `` daniel is minerva 's cousin and my heir . 
 if anything happens to me , you 'll be dealing with him . '' 
 candle nodded in acknowledgement . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i want permission to court your daughter . '' 
 `` rumour has it that you 're a warm man , thanks to your uncle . 
 think you can keep it ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i think i can . 
 i 'm not a man of profligate habits , and i 'm working hard to learn the estate my father left me and the business my uncle left me . 
 i mean to make a success of them both . '' 
 it was mr bradshaw 's turn to nod . 
 `` so i 'm told . '' 
 to candle 's surprised look , he said , `` i asked questions , lad . 
 she 's my one ewe lamb . 
 of course i asked questions . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 little though candle liked the idea of someone poking around and asking about him , he did understand mr bradshaw 's need to protect his daughter . 
 `` and were you content with the answers , sir ? '' 
 mr bradshaw did n't answer him directly . 
 `` she says she wo n't have you . 
 she says that the middle sort and the peerage do n't mix , and that a marriage between you wo n't work . 
 what do you say to that ? '' 
 `` i hope to change her mind , '' candle said . 
 `` i think we can make it work . 
 yes , the society cats will have their claws out , but we do n't need to live in society . 
 and my mother and i will love her just as she is . '' 
 `` love , is it ? 
 you said so with your flowers . 
 do you say it straight , lad ? 
 to me , and to daniel here ? '' 
 candle met his eyes and said , firmly , `` i love her . 
 i love your daughter , sir . '' 
 `` well , daniel ? '' 
 mr bradshaw asked . 
 `` i 'd say give him your blessing , uncle , and wish him luck . 
 she 's stubborn , my cousin . 
 you 'll find you need all the luck you can get . '' 
 `` my blessing ? 
 no . 
 no offense , lad , but i 'll save my blessing for my lass if she decides to accept you . 
 she 'll need it , and a powerful load of luck . 
 mixing your sort and mine ; i 've seen a lot of sorrow come that way . 
 but i wo n't deny my minerva if you 're the one she wants . 
 you can court her , lord avery . 
 but as to where the luck lies ... '' mr bradford shook his head and poured them all another glass of port . 
 candle exerted himself to be agreeable , and by the time they joined the ladies , candle and daniel whitlow were on first-name terms . 
 miss bradshaw was at a desk in the corner , and mrs bradshaw sat sewing by the fire . 
 her tambour was half filled with colourful flowers , bursting joyously across the canvas . 
 candle stopped to admire the embroidery , then looked over miss bradshaw 's shoulder . 
 engineering designs . 
 he might have known . 
 `` it 's gearing of some kind , '' he said . 
 she went to put her work away . 
 `` no , do n't let me stop you working , '' he said . 
 `` but would you explain it to me ? '' 
 an hour later when he took his leave , he was much more knowledgeable about the benefits of differential gearing . 
 he 'd found it strangely compelling -- miss bradshaw was experimenting with progressive changes in size so that less strength was needed to work the mechanism , while still keeping the mechanism light enough and small enough not to weigh down the chair . 
 they 'd agreed he would come to the works in the morning . 
 candle was keen to get home to avery hall with the news of the battle , and he 'd leave the white hart as soon as the morning mail coach arrived with the newspapers from london . 
 `` i 'll bring copies for you , sir , '' he told mr bradshaw . 
 crossing the foyer of the hotel , he was hailed by a peremptory , `` lord avery ! '' 
 he turned to see a dumpling of a woman whose generous figure was amplified by a plethora of floating scarves , fringes and ruffles in shades of purple . 
 lady cresthover . 
 she was bearing down on him , her daughter and lady norton in her wake . 
 for a fleeting moment he contemplated pretending not to hear and bolting for the stairs . 
 he resisted the temptation . 
 the old besom was his mother 's friend . 
 sort of . 
 he pasted on his best social smile , and gave each lady a small bow . 
 `` lady cresthover . 
 miss cresthover . 
 lady norton . '' 
 `` lord avery , what brings you to bath ? 
 how is your dear mother ? 
 and what do you think of this terrible news about nelson ? 
 do you think napoleon is finished , as they are saying ? 
 how long are you in bath ? '' 
 the questions came in quick succession , while lady cresthover took him by the arm and herded him into a private parlour . 
 `` the girls and i are just about to have supper . 
 you will join us , lord avery . '' 
 this was a royal command , not a question . 
 when candle protested that he had already eaten , he was bidden to sit and have a glass of wine , and to answer lady cresthover 's questions . 
 an experienced officer of his majesty 's coldstream guard should show courage under fire . 
 besides , he was considerably taller than he 'd been twelve years ago , last time lady cresthover had rapped him on the head with her formidable thimble . 
 she would have trouble reaching his head now . 
 `` certainly , my lady , '' he said . 
 `` could you repeat them one at a time , please ? '' 
 it was an hour before he was finally able to make his excuses , citing the trip he needed to take the following morning . 
 by then , he 'd drawn several conclusions . 
 lady cresthover 's incessant gossip , though often ill-informed , was not ill-intended , but lady norton was a cat of quite a different colour . 
 lady norton had her knife out for miss bradshaw -- she had made several derogatory comments , which candle judged it best to ignore or deflect , since any defence would just encourage the lady to make trouble . 
 lady cresthover , on the other hand , proclaimed miss bradshaw , ` a sweet girl , quite the lady , and a very good friend to poor nelly maybury , when her husband died ' . 
 and miss cresthover also came to miss bradshaw 's defence , insisting that miss bradshaw was far more of a lady ` than some who lay claim to the term ' . 
 lady cresthover and her daughter might be allies if the new viscountess avery wanted to go into society . 
 oh yes , and he 'd learned one more thing . 
 lady norton 's schoolgirl nickname of kitty cat was an insult to felines everywhere . 
 lord avery collected the chair and was gone from bath by 11 o’clock in the morning . 
 min found the rest of the day sadly flat . 
 he had n't said anything lover-like as the chair was tied to the back of his carriage , but the warmth in his eyes had set her tingling . 
 perhaps she only imagined it . 
 perhaps , too , she imagined the press of his fingers when he said , as he took his farewell , `` i very much look forward to seeing you and your mother in three weeks , miss bradshaw . '' 
 that morning 's floral tribute spoke of anxiety . 
 if he felt anxiety , he did n't show it . 
 she was the one who was anxious , her heartbeat speeding up when she thought of him , the heat igniting in her belly at the mere thought of the warmth in his eyes . 
 she was the one who could n't keep her mind on her work , who had lost interest in food , who lay awake at night remembering every gesture , every word , every look . 
 she would not fall in love with a peer . 
 she could not . 
 she was not so foolish . 
 was she ? 
 chapter six : a visit to the country the flowers kept coming , the type repeated , but in different combinations each day . 
 each day , mama interpreted the message for her , and daniel took great delight in offering an alternative reading . 
 according to mama , christmas roses and asters with sprays of mimosa meant ` my concealed love is now disclosed . 
 how will it be received ? ' 
 daniel suggested , ` i wish to hide because the thought of love makes me anxious . ' 
 blue salvia , irises and yellow roses meant ` i think of you , miss you , and long for your friendship ' to mama . 
 but daniel claimed it meant ` when i think of you , i miss having friends ' . 
 the gifts of produce from the estate kept coming too , prompting cook to tell daniel -lrb- who passed it on to min -rrb- that she hoped miss would n't turn the young lord down too soon , because his presents were so useful . 
 walking home from the workshop one afternoon , polly in attendance , min had to stop suddenly to avoid a fashionably-dressed young woman who burst out of a shop door without looking , to stand frozen in the road , her hands clenched at her sides and her face stiff with the effort of holding back tears . 
 min , who had been about to circle around her , took a second look . 
 `` cara ? 
 what 's wrong ? 
 may i help ? '' 
 caroline cresthover had been closer to a friend than any of the other girls at the select girl 's seminary min 's parents had sent her to . 
 `` min ? 
 min bradshaw ? 
 oh min , if i had stayed in the shop i would have killed that woman . '' 
 the tears had escaped , spilling down cara 's cheeks . 
 the shop door opened to let out a maid carrying a reticule that matched cara 's pelisse . 
 min could see past her to lady norton and a gaggle of her friends . 
 kitty cat was clearly up to her usual tricks . 
 `` do not let her see that she upsets you , '' min counselled cara . 
 `` come ; let us move away where they can not see us . '' 
 `` i know i should be charitable , but ... '' `` never mind being charitable . 
 just do not give her a stick to beat you with . '' 
 min turned to the maid . 
 `` do you have a handkerchief for your mistress ? 
 here , cara , dry your tears and let 's go and have tea and tear kitty cat 's character to tiny little shreds . '' 
 over tea , cara confided that vivi norton loved to commiserate with her about being ` on the shelf ' , which cara mostly ignored . 
 but today 's nasty remarks had included a series of snippets about the activities of one captain marsh who , according to lady norton , had cut a swathe through the widows of london and was about to announce his engagement to a debutante of 17 . 
 `` and vivi says she is blonde and slender , and everyone knows that slender blondes are more fashionable . '' 
 cara , whose hair and eyes were brown , and who was generously curved , began to cry again . 
 `` captain marsh is special to you ? '' 
 min ventured . 
 it seemed a safe enough guess . 
 `` he said we would announce our engagement as soon as he had the approval of his grandfather . 
 his father is the third son of the earl of scuncester . 
 he said we had to keep our courtship secret in case his grandfather did not approve . '' 
 `` if it was a secret , cara , how did vivi find out ? '' 
 cara blushed . 
 `` i might have hinted . 
 just a little . 
 only in the strictest confidence , and only because she teased me so about being twenty and unmarried . '' 
 several cream cakes cheered cara up . 
 she was not , min deduced , particularly attached to captain marsh . 
 his status as the grandson of an earl and his professed interest in marrying her seemed to be the sum total of his attractive features . 
 cara found his conversation boring , his lack of dancing skill annoying , and his repeated attempts to kiss her frightening . 
 `` mama said i should never be alone with a man because he would try to kiss me , and then i would be ruined , '' she told min . 
 `` i was n't even alone with captain marsh ; well , not really alone . 
 the first time was in the garden , and there were other people there , but it was dark and we could n't see them . 
 and mama was right . 
 he did try to kiss me . 
 i did not let him , though . '' 
 she nodded , pleased with herself . 
 `` and then the next week he stopped me in the hall at a party . 
 he said he was dying of love for me , which was very romantic , i thought . 
 and he asked me to meet him outside and tried to kiss me again when i said no . 
 i told him i did not want to be ruined . 
 he said i would not be ruined for just one kiss . 
 that was when he said he planned to marry me . 
 he said it was alright to kiss the man you were going to marry . 
 but mama came and he went away . '' 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 min was finding the whole saga morbidly fascinating . 
 `` he kept trying to get me on my own so he could kiss me . 
 and in the end , i let him . 
 it was not very nice . '' 
 cara frowned . 
 `` it was wet . 
 and i could not breathe properly . 
 has anyone kissed you , min ? '' 
 min shook her head , mostly to dislodge a sudden wish to know how nice lord avery 's kiss might be . 
 certainly she had , on several occasions , seen mama and papa kiss , and mama seemed to like it very well . 
 `` i do not recommend it , '' cara said . 
 `` perhaps captain marsh is not very good at it , '' min suggested . 
 cara shrugged . 
 `` anyway , then he went off to london . 
 he said that he could not write because we could not yet announce our betrothal , but that i should just wait and he would come back . 
 he did not mean it , did he min ? '' 
 `` i do not think so , from what you have told me , cara . '' 
 `` well , i do not care . 
 but i would have liked to have one over that cat vivi . 
 you know that she had to marry ? 
 she would have been ruined if she did not , my mama says . 
 but now she is baroness norton and she takes precedence over me , and it is just not fair , min . '' 
 cara helped herself to another cream cake , which seemed to console her . 
 `` vivi is not very popular you know , min . 
 i only spend time with her because she is my cousin . 
 most of the girls we were at school with do not like her at all . '' 
 this seemed to console cara even more . 
 `` i know , come to my afternoon at home tomorrow . 
 the girls would be so pleased to see you . '' 
 min refused , but cara was so enthusiastic about the idea that , in the end , she went . 
 to her surprise , she enjoyed herself , and even accepted an invitation to walk in the sydney gardens with a group of the ladies later that week . 
 it seemed that most of them had suffered under the rule of vivi kitteridge 's little group . 
 min , sunk in her own misery , had never realised that the school was split into two groups . 
 on the one side , the vast majority , trying hard not to be noticed . 
 on the other , kitty cat and her three disciples . 
 but outside of the enclosed environment of the school , the small group of bullies had lost their power . 
 even cara , most of the time , ignored lady norton 's spitefulness , though she could n't completely cut herself off from her cousin . 
 `` randall , darling , do stop pacing . 
 you have been to the window so many times the carpet is developing a groove . '' 
 mother was smiling . 
 his nervousness amused her . 
 how nice for mother . 
 `` i wish they had let me escort them , '' candle said . 
 had he met them in bath , they would be here by now , or -- at the very least -- he would know the delay was because they had left bath late , and not because of any of the disasters along the way he could picture all too clearly . 
 `` do you think she 'll like her room , '' he asked . 
 `` randall , you have asked me the same question three times in the last hour . 
 and driven mrs howard nearly demented in changing miss bradshaw 's room six times in as many days , moving furniture in and then out again , and i do not know what else . 
 i know you want everything to be perfect , my love , but just relax . 
 i 'm sure your miss bradshaw will like her room . '' 
 `` my lord . '' 
 it was the butler . 
 `` young jem has just arrived my lord . '' 
 jem was the youngest groom , and had been posted on a hill overlooking the road from bath , as an early warning system . 
 `` they 're coming ? '' 
 `` yes , my lord . 
 a chaise , my lord , coming fast . '' 
 not too fast , he hoped . 
 that bend at the bottom of the hill could be tricky at speed . 
 he should have had the curve reformed in the summer . 
 `` whatever you are worrying about now , randall , do n't , '' mother said . 
 the chaise arrived safely at the foot of the stairs , and candle was at the door with an umbrella almost before it had come to a stop . 
 daniel descended first , but stepped under the umbrella a footman offered him and waved to invite candle to hand down first mrs bradshaw , then her daughter , and then the maid , polly . 
 he handed mrs bradshaw over to daniel and escorted miss bradshaw inside himself , leaving the footman with a third umbrella to bring the maid in . 
 daniel would n't stay , saying that he needed to get back to bath . 
 after a cup of tea and a plate of sandwiches , he took leave of his aunt and cousin . 
 `` i 'll be back for you in four days , '' he told them , then met candle 's eyes over their heads . 
 `` you 'll take care of my family , candle , '' he said ; a statement , not a question . 
 candle agreed , anyway . 
 mrs bradshaw went to rest to recover from the trip . 
 miss bradshaw refused the suggestion , and instead closeted herself with mother to ask questions about the chair . 
 at a loose end , candle took himself off to his study , but he could n't settle to work . 
 not with her in the house at last . 
 he wanted to show her everything . 
 he wanted to hold her and kiss her till she agreed to stay forever . 
 no . 
 that would frighten her off . 
 but somehow he would find a way to convince her that she belonged with him . 
 she was only here for a few days . 
 he would have to make the most of them . 
 lord avery 's mother was a darling . 
 she never complained , though she was clearly often in pain . 
 instead , she would turn the conversation somewhere else . 
 min coaxed her into being clear about how the chairs worked for her . 
 `` if anything hurts or is uncomfortable , i want to know so that i can fix it , my lady . '' 
 afterwards , min went in search of lord avery . 
 the butler directed her to the study , where he was working at a huge old desk , his back to the large window . 
 the fitful rain of the past few days had cleared , and sunlight was pouring over lord avery 's shoulder onto his work . 
 the light glanced off his red hair , setting gleaming threads on fire . 
 he felt her gaze and looked up , meeting her eyes with a slowly warming smile that set light to a slow burn in her . 
 `` miss bradshaw , please come in . '' 
 `` i am sorry to disturb your work , lord avery . '' 
 he rounded the desk and set a chair for her , hovering over her as if he wanted to guide her physically into the seat . 
 her skin seemed to yearn towards him . 
 she held herself stiffly in check . 
 `` it is about your mother . '' 
 lord avery 's eyes grew concerned , the heat that disturbed her banked for the moment . 
 `` is there something wrong ? '' 
 she hastened to reassure him . 
 `` nothing we can not fix . 
 she is developing sore patches . 
 because she is unable to move herself , and because she has no feeling in her lower torso , '' min blushed at mentioning such a word to a man . 
 but it needed to be said . 
 lord avery frowned . 
 `` i will have a word with her maid . 
 she must be more vigilant . 
 could we find an unguent or something to soothe ... ? 
 but you said you could fix it . 
 what is your plan , miss bradshaw ? '' 
 `` what you suggest is good , and i have discussed it with your mother and the maid . 
 but i would like to try something that one of my customers told me about . 
 would you be able to procure a sheepskin with the wool still on ? '' 
 `` we keep sheep on the home farm , as well as up on the wolds . 
 i should think i already own any number of sheepskins . '' 
 `` sitting on sheepskin may help . 
 and lying on it , as well , in bed . '' 
 they talked a little more about the possible benefits , and lord avery sent a servant down to the home farm to order at least three skins of various depths and sizes . 
 `` may i show you through the house , miss bradshaw ? '' 
 he asked . 
 min panicked . 
 the thought of being alone with him , even in a house full of servants , suddenly seemed overwhelming . 
 she muttered something about resting , and made her escape . 
 by dinner time , she was ashamed of herself . 
 lady avery and mama had discovered a mutual love of embroidery , and of the language of flowers . 
 when mama mentioned her hope of soon having a garden , this spread into a deep conversation about methods of cultivation , and what did best in their local climate . 
 lord avery suggested a stroll in the picture gallery . 
 mama waved her compliance without halting what she was saying to lady avery . 
 min took lord avery 's arm and let him conduct her down the hall . 
 the gallery stretched across the back of the house . 
 he left her in the doorway while he lit candles in sconces all along the walls , then came back with a candelabra to escort her to the first picture . 
 the averys had been at avery hall since the dawn of time , it seemed . 
 and all had been recorded in paint for this moment ; to look down in scorn and judgement on an interloper of the middle sort who had begun to dream of stepping out of her class . 
 lord avery took them in his stride , telling stories about the people in each portrait , describing them with affection and familiarity . 
 he could , of course . 
 he belonged here . 
 she nodded , and smiled , going through the motions from behind the wall she 'd long since learned to erect . 
 never before with lord avery , though . 
 suddenly , two thirds of the way down the long room , he stopped and turned her towards him , his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` this was a stupid idea , was n't it ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` look , miss bradshaw . 
 min . '' 
 he released one shoulder to raise her chin with his finger , so that her eyes looked straight into his . 
 `` min , '' he repeated , his voice pleading , `` they do n't matter . 
 you have as many ancestors as i do , you know . 
 all human beings do . 
 but none of them matter , on either side . 
 you matter . 
 we matter . 
 do n't let them come between us . '' 
 lost in his eyes , she could n't remember why they should . 
 there was only him . 
 randall . 
 ran . 
 he stooped , curling his head down to her height and brushing her lips gently with his . 
 a soft caress of the lips , over too quickly . 
 she gave a small sound of distress , quickly stifled . 
 he was right to stop . 
 they were alone , unchaperoned . 
 mama trusted her to behave . 
 as if he could read her mind , he said , `` we had better go back , min . 
 your mama trusts me , and i 'm afraid i can not be trusted too far . 
 i should not be alone with you . 
 will you ... ? '' 
 he did n't finish his sentence , but just gestured to the door at the far end of the gallery . 
 she led the way , silently . 
 her knees did not quite belong to her ; she felt as if she needed to carefully plan each step in advance or she would find herself in another room , another house . 
 as she approached the door , a painting on the other side caught her eye -- a man on a horse with the look of ran . 
 he was older though , and the artist had caught a mood , an expression that she 'd never seen on ran 's face . 
 this man 's face , min thought , would fall easily into a sneer or a leer , but never into the kindness that was natural to his son . 
 she did n't need ran 's muttered : `` my father , the previous viscount avery , '' to tell the relationship . 
 somehow , her earlier discomfort with the array of ancestors had gone , but ran was tense and miserable beside her . 
 `` he was not a good man , '' she said , afraid when she heard her voice that she 'd gone too far . 
 but ran nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 he was an indifferent landlord , a neglectful father , and a bad husband . 
 he was n't a bad man , exactly . 
 he just never grew up . '' 
 `` a lot of society men are like that , '' min said . 
 `` yes . 
 when we are children , we think our parents are unique . 
 but he was very ordinary , really . '' 
 `` he made you unhappy . '' 
 `` he ignored me , mostly . 
 he spent all of his time in london , and i stayed here at avery hall with mother . 
 i had a wonderful childhood . 
 then father took it into his head that he should send me away to school . '' 
 she was holding his hand . 
 she was n't sure how that happened , but she squeezed it . 
 she did n't need to be told that he hated school . 
 min had been miserable enough as a day pupil . 
 ran went to eton , far away from home . 
 again , his thoughts had tracked hers . 
 `` i lived for the holidays when i could come home . '' 
 `` your mother must have missed you . '' 
 from his surprised look , he had n't consider that . 
 `` yes . 
 she was always so calm , i had not thought ... but , yes . 
 poor mother . 
 i never really came back . 
 just holidays . 
 i went from school to oxford , to the guard . '' 
 he looked so sad . 
 she put her arms around him to give him a hug , and his came around her . 
 with her head on his chest , she could hear his heart thumping . 
 he shifted , so his body moved back from hers , and she blushed . 
 how forward he must think her . 
 one moment candle had been lost in a sad past , and the next he could think of nothing but the woman in his arms . 
 he 'd had to move her away from his groin . 
 he was n't sure how much min knew about male anatomy . 
 he 'd like nothing better than to teach her , preferably right this minute , what the hardness he was hiding from her was for . 
 no . 
 he had enough sense left to know that he should n't take the power of choice away from her . 
 `` min ? 
 we need to go back to our mothers . '' 
 she had turned the most delightful pink . 
 he wondered how far it spread then shut that thought off . 
 it was not helping . 
 `` i apologise , lord ... '' `` ssshh . '' 
 he put a finger on her lips to stop her . 
 `` no apologies . 
 i wo n't apologise to you for desiring you , and you wo n't apologise for being kind when i needed kindness . 
 and it certainly is n't my fault or yours that you are still my goddess . '' 
 she smiled against his finger and he could n't resist tracing the smile . 
 one day ; one day soon , he would feast on those generous lips . 
 min asked questions , took measurements , made adjustments , and asked more questions . 
 but by the end of the second day of her visit , she had run out of things she could do unless the rain let up for long enough to take the chair out of doors . 
 everywhere she looked , avery hall showed signs of coming back from a long period of neglect . 
 ran said he was spending most of his efforts on improvements to the broader estate , investing so he and his tenants would benefit in future years . 
 but he was clearly also bringing the house back to its former glory . 
 the legacy from the uncle must have been every bit as large as rumour painted it . 
 after dinner that night , lady avery asked min for some music . 
 `` i am not an accomplished pianist , my lady , '' min said . 
 `` she sings very nicely , '' mama said . 
 `` randall , play for miss bradshaw , '' lady avery commanded . 
 so they put their heads together to choose music , then ran 's long fingers coaxed the keys . 
 min remembered how they felt on her lips . 
 and his eyes held hers as she sang : `` ten thousand mile it is a long way to leave me here alone , to leave me here to sigh and complain where you never will hear my moans , my dear , where you never will hear my moans . '' 
 and he replied , in a warm tenor : `` your moans , my dear , i shall never hear , no likewise none of your crying . 
 if i go away , i 'll come back again when from your friends you 're free , my dear , when from your friends you 're free . '' 
 they finished to applause from the mothers , whom they had quite forgotten . 
 `` the tea tray , i think , '' said lady avery . 
 `` ring the bell , please , randall . '' 
 the rain had cleared the next morning , and lady avery insisted on riding the invalid chair to sunday service , the rest of the party walking alongside . 
 min tried to ignore the curious looks of the villagers , and focus on the performance of the chair . 
 it handled the solid ground well , though the footman pushing it struggled when they hit soft ground . 
 lady avery was having a fine time , surrounded by people who flocked to talk to her . 
 `` this is the first time she has taken the chair down to the village , '' ran said from behind her . 
 she felt herself warm in his direction , as if he was the sun and she a flower . 
 `` it 's a fine thing you do , '' ran went on , `` this chair building . '' 
 she waited . 
 now he would tell her that it was n't proper for a viscountess ; that she would n't need to continue when she was married . 
 instead , he introduced her to the vicar , and then to other people , a sea of strangers who all shook her hand , and smiled , and told her how welcome she was , and how good it was to see lady avery out and about . 
 lady avery took the lead on the way home , while ran gave his right arm to min and his left to mama . 
 it was good to see lady avery with colour in her cheeks , laughing up at wilson the footman who was grinning back as he swerved the chair around the puddles . 
 `` there will be no stopping her now , '' ran joked . 
 `` every fine day , she 'll be running poor wilson ragged , all over the garden and in and out of the village . '' 
 `` she should be enjoying life , '' mama commented . 
 `` she is a young woman , still . '' 
 `` on her next birthday she 'll be 41 , '' ran confirmed . 
 min had n't realised how young she was . 
 she must have been little more than a child when ran was born . 
 ran was frowning a little as he watched his mother . 
 mama patted his arm with her free hand . 
 `` let her enjoy herself , lord avery , '' she told him . 
 `` and you enjoy her , too , for the time you have her . '' 
 min tried to peer around ran . 
 what could mama mean ? 
 `` did she tell you ? '' 
 ran asked . 
 `` yes , dear . 
 she has had two seizures since the accident , and she has lost a little bit with each one . '' 
 `` the doctor thinks ... '' ran did n't finish . 
 `` i know . 
 she told me , '' mama said . 
 `` enjoy the time you have , dear . 
 you are making her happy , with the work on the estate and the way you care for her . '' 
 `` randall ! '' 
 lady avery called . 
 `` take mrs bradshaw down to the gardener 's cottage , my dearest , and ask them for the bulbs i promised her . 
 miss bradshaw and i will wait at the lookout . '' 
 ahead , the driveway took a curve to give a view out over the estate , avery hall foursquare below . 
 ran obeyed his instructions , and wilson took himself a short distance away . 
 `` i wished to speak with you , miss bradshaw , '' lady avery said . 
 here it comes , min thought . 
 now she will tell me i am not good enough for him . 
 `` you will think me an interfering old woman , but please remember that i love my son , and i want what is best for him . '' 
 `` i know that , lady avery . '' 
 `` he wants to marry you . 
 you know that of course . '' 
 min nodded . 
 she was afraid to speak in case she cried . 
 she liked lady avery , and she could n't blame her for being concerned about the same distance in status that concerned min . 
 but still , she could feel the tears gathering . 
 `` i wish you would consider it , my dear . 
 i can understand you being worried about the gossip , and i can not promise you it will be easy , but i wanted to tell you there are two things you need never worry about . '' 
 lady avery paused as if to let min comment , but min still could n't speak . 
 this was so far from what she expected that she had no words . 
 lady avery continued . 
 `` you do not have to worry that randall is like his father . 
 he looks like his father , but he takes his nature from my family . 
 we give our hearts once , and for a lifetime . 
 he has given his heart to you , miss bradshaw . 
 it will be yours forever . 
 `` and , if you are concerned about living with me , do not be . 
 i will not make old bones , though i would love to live long enough to see my grandchildren . '' 
 min found her voice . 
 `` lady avery , i hope you live to be 100 , and no woman in her right mind would be concerned about living with you . '' 
 `` then you will consider marrying randall ? '' 
 min looked down at the frail hands she 'd taken in her eagerness to show lady avery how she esteemed her . 
 `` i am trade . 
 he is a peer . 
 you and i both know what society will say . '' 
 `` i do not give a fig for society , and neither does randall . 
 but i understand that you must make up your own mind , my dear minerva . 
 i may call you minerva , may i not ? '' 
 chapter seven : a proposal and a proposition whatever mother said to min , she was quiet and thoughtful for the rest of the walk home . 
 both mothers went for a rest as soon as they 'd eaten a nuncheon . 
 `` would you like to see the succession houses ? '' 
 candle asked min . 
 he took her the long way around , through the gardens she 'd not yet had a chance to see because of the rain . 
 as he 'd hoped , they were deserted . 
 all the gardeners were with their families enjoying a sunday rest . 
 avery hall had three succession houses . 
 one was given over to grape vines that snaked along the walls and looped overhead , and strawberries in pots . 
 one was growing late autumn and early spring vegetables . 
 and in the last one , they saw the first person they 'd seen since they left the house . 
 mugridge , the head gardener , was checking the fire that was used to keep the succession house warm . 
 he nodded to candle , and smiled warmly at min , giving her a somewhat deeper bow . 
 the servants , who adored mother , had taken min to their hearts -- at first for what her chairs meant to mother , but then because she was sweet , unassuming , and genuinely interested in them . 
 `` i be just checking this fire , my lord , miss. . 
 wo n't be long . '' 
 candle showed min along the lines of seedlings -- trees , shrubs , and flowers being propagated to fill the garden in spring . 
 true to his word , mugridge very soon said , `` i be off now , then . 
 no-one be coming this way till night time , now , my lord . 
 close up when tha leaves , will ` ee ? '' 
 candle promised , and turned back to min . 
 she looked both apprehensive and amused , with amusement winning . 
 `` he thinks we want to be alone , '' candle explained . 
 `` i gathered that , '' she replied . 
 `` come . 
 take the chair near the stove . '' 
 it was somewhat battered , but sturdy . 
 she sat in it and he settled himself at her feet . 
 it was an odd setting for a proposal , but safe . 
 any place he could be sure of being alone with min in the house was a place he 'd already imagined making love to her in . 
 he was n't confident that he could control himself if she accepted his proposal . 
 or even that he would get to the proposal before ... he had to stop that train of thought . 
 the succession house was becoming less safe by the minute . 
 he was already thinking of the logistics of lovemaking here in the dirt among the seedlings . 
 his coat spread to protect her dress ... no . 
 not here . 
 quite apart from the respect he owed to an innocent and his future viscountess , he had no intention of consummating his desire in front of a hundred glass panes . 
 `` min , you know what i want to ask you . '' 
 `` i think i do . '' 
 `` will you , min ? 
 will you make me the happiest of men ? 
 will you marry me ? '' 
 `` ran , i am not from your world . '' 
 `` i know you are too good for me , '' he joked , `` but i 'm hoping you 're prepared to make the sacrifice . '' 
 `` ran , i am serious . 
 i am the daughter of a carriage maker . 
 you are a peer . 
 society ... '' `` min , i love you . 
 if you love me , then society can go hang itself . '' 
 `` i want to continue making chairs . '' 
 `` i hope you will . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you would not mind ? '' 
 `` min , you have a gift . 
 i want you to use it . 
 say you will marry me , and i 'll have the bans read . 
 we can be wed before christmas . '' 
 she withdrew . 
 she did n't move a muscle , but he felt her pulling into herself , away from him . 
 `` do n't , randall . '' 
 his first name in full . 
 that could n't be good . 
 but he was n't lord avery again , which was a hopeful sign . 
 `` is that a no , min ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` is it a yes ? '' 
 another head shake . 
 `` min ? '' 
 he came up onto his knees in a single motion , and captured her face between both of his hands , looking into her grey eyes . 
 she collected herself then , his brave little goddess . 
 `` when i come back with the chair , i will give you your answer . '' 
 and then she pressed her sweet lips to his and he was lost . 
 with a groan he enfolded her in his arms , slid his hands up behind her head , and deepened the kiss . 
 it could have been a minute ; it could have been months . 
 time ceased to exist as he explored her mouth and she followed his lead . 
 her tentative movements , bold and shy at the same time , intoxicated him and he was conscious of nothing but the burning need to sink into her softness . 
 until a piece of gravel on the path turned as he shifted his knee , and dug into his skin . 
 he drew away from her with a groan . 
 had he done that ? 
 her lips were swollen and red , a sleeve was pulled down baring her shoulder , and one glorious breast was nearly tipped out of her dress . 
 another nudge , and he 'd see ... he blinked , and shook the idea out of his head . 
 `` min , my own dearest love . '' 
 he had to be calm . 
 she looked as dazed as he felt . 
 probably more so , given her innocence . 
 if his world was shaken , hers must be reeling . 
 `` i would help you put yourself to rights , beloved . 
 but i do n't dare touch you . '' 
 she straightened her dress , repinned the lace cap she wore in her hair , rewrapped her shawl around her , all the while sneaking peeks at him and colouring each time their eyes met . 
 before they left the succession house , he put a finger on her now clothed arm . 
 `` min , will you accept my apology , beloved ? 
 i meant no disrespect , i promise you . 
 i should never have kissed you . 
 i know how powerfully i react when we touch . '' 
 to his surprise , she suddenly grinned . 
 `` ah but ran , you forget . 
 i kissed you first . '' 
 daniel must have left bath before dawn . 
 he was at the door by mid-morning , and would n't accept ran 's invitation to stop for lunch . 
 rain was coming , he said , and he wanted to be safely back in bath before the deluge . 
 min , her valise packed with all the notes and drawings she needed to finish the chair , kissed lady avery on the cheek , and gave ran her hand . 
 he lifted it and deliberately placed a kiss in the palm . 
 `` bring it back to me , min , '' he said . 
 she almost told him , then and there , that she would marry him , but -- no . 
 she had to get back to bath . 
 she would make her decision without his disturbing presence tugging her to fall into his arms . 
 neither daniel nor mama commented on the kiss . 
 mama asked after papa , and then she and daniel discussed the dispatches about the navy 's victory . 
 they were calling it the battle of trafalgar , and nearly 450 british sailors had died . 
 almost ten times as many died on the other side . 
 min did n't contribute . 
 mostly , she did n't listen . 
 she sat and thought about chair design , and what she needed to do to finish candle 's chair for his mother in time for christmas . 
 and all the while her thoughts kept going back to candle 's kiss , and to the answer she would need to give him . 
 min strode across the yard , her patens sending sprays of water flying from puddles she ignored in her indignation . 
 daniel was in the outer office . 
 she did n't trust herself to speak in front of the clerk ; she jerked her head towards the inner office , and went through to wait for him . 
 he was quick to join her , his face wary . 
 `` now , minnie , what 's got your back up ? '' 
 `` did you tell ... '' she caught herself . 
 took a deep breath . 
 best to check the facts first . 
 `` richards has ignored the instructions i left , redrawn my designs , and reworked the chairs for the barfoot sale . 
 he claims he had your authorisation . '' 
 her cousin 's eyes gave him away , sliding evasively to one side . 
 `` now , minnie . 
 richards is a good foreman . '' 
 `` you gave him authorisation to change my work , '' she said flatly . 
 `` he 's highly experienced , minnie . 
 he said a few changes would save materials and increase our profit . '' 
 `` a few changes that mean we do not meet the client 's specifications and will not make the sale . '' 
 `` you are exaggerating . 
 he showed me his drawings . 
 sound carriage design . '' 
 `` unsound chair design , '' she snapped back . 
 papa entered the room , saw the two of them , and closed the door behind him . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i want richards out of my workshop , '' min told papa , not taking her eyes off daniel . 
 `` she is upset about a few economies that i approved . '' 
 daniel put on his ` i am reasonable and you are a female ' voice . 
 `` look , minnie , you have to let go and let us take over . 
 after all , you will leave all this behind you when you marry your viscount . '' 
 `` point one , '' min thought she did well to keep her voice calm and level , `` i have not accepted lord avery 's proposal . 
 point two , if i do accept , he has promised that i can continue making chairs . 
 point three , the chair workshop is mine , and you had no right to allow richards to disobey a direct instruction . '' 
 `` well , minerva . 
 strictly speaking daniel is general manager of the whole works , '' papa said . 
 the traitor . 
 she looked at the two of them in silence for a moment . 
 first things first . 
 she needed to deal with the chair disaster . 
 `` let me explain the problem , gentlemen . 
 richards has scaled down standard carriage parts . '' 
 blank looks . 
 `` scaled them precisely . 
 without any consideration of the structural integrity of the new thicknesses . '' 
 the two men exchanged glances again . 
 consternation had replaced smug commiseration . 
 just so , she thought with a grim satisfaction . 
 `` all three chairs will need to be remade if we are not to forego 90 guineas and the chance of future orders . 
 and i am fully committed on lady avery 's chair . '' 
 fortunately , richards had left that chair alone . 
 she had made every inch of it herself , investing hours . 
 she did n't just want efficient engineering ; she wanted a superb piece of furniture . 
 carved , turned , and polished woodwork for the handle ; upholstery in the finest leather with a buttoned back and seat , sewn detail , and cording on the edges . 
 `` i 'll see to it , minnie . '' 
 daniel sounded humble , but she could n't expect that to last . 
 she was so used to his persistent belief in his male superiority that she noticed it only because of the contrast with ran 's respect . 
 `` very well then . 
 and richards goes . '' 
 `` i 'll reassign him . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she could be gracious in victory . 
 she left her menfolk in the office they shared . 
 she wanted to cut the leather for the arms and leave it to relax , and add another coat of polish to the handle . 
 it could be drying while she went out to tea with cara and her friends . 
 she was cautiously venturing into society , and finding it less threatening than she expected . 
 bother . 
 she had forgotten to tell her father that she would n't be walking home with him . 
 turning back through the outer office , she started to push the inner door open , and paused . 
 `` do you think lord avery means to let minnie make her chairs ? '' 
 that was daniel . 
 `` do n't be daft . 
 whoever heard of a viscountess doing that sort of stuff ? 
 no he 's just saying it . 
 or he means it now , but will come to his senses soon enough . '' 
 that was papa . 
 `` yes . 
 you should have put a stop to it long ago , uncle . '' 
 `` it made her happy . 
 and she 's done some good work , you ca n't deny it . '' 
 `` it is n't right , though . 
 a woman should n't be doing carriage work , uncle . 
 i 'm sorry to hear that lord avery is encouraging her . '' 
 `` you know what they say , lad : ` when a man grows hard between the thighs , he grows soft between the ears . ' 
 he 's soft on my girl , right enough . '' 
 min had heard enough . 
 her ears burning , she retreated to her workshop . 
 were they right ? 
 ran had sounded so convincing when he spoke of his hope that she would continue her work . 
 but she had always known that marriage would make her dependent on the goodwill of a husband , and the face a man showed before marriage was not always the one his wife saw after . 
 could ran be trusted ? 
 the flowers continued to arrive , and so did presents of produce from avery hall . 
 min did n't need the constant reminders . 
 ran was a phantom presence wherever she went . 
 everything she saw or heard , she wanted to share with him . 
 ran would like this . 
 ran would find that funny . 
 ran would be interested . 
 the nights were worse . 
 ran had woken something in her . 
 she did n't know how to ease whatever he had aroused , but she knew who could ease it . 
 and all the time , ran 's view of her chair making , and her father 's opinion of that view , warred in her head . 
 one morning , the note with the day 's present went beyond the usual compliments , adding : `` i beg mrs bradshaw and miss bradshaw to do me the honour of accepting my escort to the lower assembly rooms this evening . '' 
 min had been planning to go -- the next step in her experiment in social climbing . 
 but going with ran would be wonderful . 
 mama sent a note back with the avery servant , inviting ran to dinner , and min hurried to the workshop to make an early start on the day 's work . 
 ran was in bath ! 
 min half expected to see him on her walk to work . 
 she almost stayed in her walking dress , in case he came to her workshop , but common sense prevailed and she donned her overalls . 
 she would see him tonight . 
 tonight , she could tell him all the things she had been saving up to say , and she could hear about his week at avery hall , and about lady avery , and the planned gardens , and the performance of the chair , and the progress of the renovations ... min caught herself . 
 when had her life begun to revolve around this man and his concerns ? 
 suddenly , he was there . 
 `` min . '' 
 she dropped her tools and walked into his open arms for a kiss that satisfied and , at the same time , left her longing for more . 
 all too soon , he put her gently from him . 
 `` min , i wo n't stay . 
 but i could n't wait to see you . 
 have you been well ? 
 you look well . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and you ? '' 
 `` i 'm well now , '' ran said , and the warmth in his eyes said much more . 
 `` i must go . 
 i have appointments today ... i will see you tonight , min . '' 
 one more kiss , and he was gone . 
 so much for keeping her head until she had made her decision . 
 after daydreaming for an hour , min packed up and went home . 
 she was accomplishing nothing today . 
 candle was humming to himself as he walked into the white hart after seeing the bradshaw ladies home . 
 the evening had been wonderful . 
 the dancing , the conversation , the food , everything had conspired to provide a perfect evening . 
 and , at the centre of it all , his minerva . 
 she was his , he was almost sure of it . 
 he had n't asked her again , but tonight she 'd had her armour down . 
 she 'd been happy to be with him ; she 'd let her hand linger on his in the dance , and she 'd leant into him when he 'd offered his arm to go in to supper . 
 two dances had not been nearly enough ; candle would have taken every dance , given a choice . 
 but he 'd played at being civilised , even danced with other females , although there was only one in the room worth thinking about . 
 surely she was planning to say yes ? 
 her father thought so , but her mother warned him not to be too certain . 
 and in the light of what her cousin had let slip , candle was more and more sure that it might take his secret plan to convince his min she could trust her future to him . 
 candle stopped at the desk to see if there had been any messages , and waited while the clerk checked . 
 `` candle , old man . '' 
 `` michaels ; good to see you . '' 
 his friend grinned . 
 `` i saw you at the assembly , but you did n't have eyes for anyone but that black-haired beauty you were escorting . 
 gorgeous female . 
 lovely ... '' he cupped both hands in front of his chest and jiggled them up and down . 
 `` the future lady avery , '' candle warned . 
 the clerk was shaking his head . 
 no messages . 
 michaels said a cheerful , `` sorry , '' but was not at all abashed . 
 `` when 's the happy day ? '' 
 `` she has n't accepted me yet . 
 but she will . '' 
 if he said it often enough , perhaps it would be true . 
 `` i imagine she will , '' his friend agreed . 
 `` candle avery , the man who never gives up . 
 look , candle , i thought you might have those militia training plans you promised me . '' 
 `` they 're up in my room ; come on up and i 'll give them to you . '' 
 they were discussing the most recent news from the fleet as candle opened the door to his room and led the way in . 
 `` will you have a drink ? '' 
 candle asked , crossing to the decanter on the sideboard . 
 `` uh , candle . '' 
 michaels was stock still in the middle of the room , his face suddenly neutral . 
 he was staring at the bed . 
 `` candle , darling , come back to bed . '' 
 lady norton , her hair hanging down across her shoulders , sat up in his bed . 
 a sheet preserved some shreds of decency , but she was clearly naked . 
 very naked . 
 candle was suddenly coldly furious . 
 `` you mistake , madam . 
 i would sooner bed a snake . '' 
 `` but candle ! 
 after the afternoon we had ? '' 
 the door opened again , and kitteridge burst in . 
 `` what are you doing with my sister , you villain ? '' 
 he declaimed , then frowned at michaels . 
 `` he is n't meant to be here . '' 
 lady norton struck her forehead with the back of one hand . 
 `` guy ! 
 candle , we are discovered ! 
 my brother knows all ! '' 
 candle suppressed a laugh . 
 high melodrama indeed ! 
 though it would be quite unfunny if he had come up to bed on his own , or if he did n't have witnesses to how he 'd spent his afternoon and evening . 
 `` michaels , shut the door , will you ? 
 we 'll keep this to ourselves if we can . '' 
 `` you have compromised my sister ! 
 i demand satisfaction . '' 
 clearly kitteridge intended to follow the script despite the unexpected addition to the cast . 
 `` very well , '' candle said . 
 `` michaels , will you stand my second ? '' 
 `` not a duel . 
 marriage . 
 you 're meant to marry her , '' kitteridge explained . 
 `` no , '' candle said . 
 `` but she 's in your bed . 
 you have to marry her . '' 
 kitteridge was pleading now . 
 `` kitteridge , i have been in company every minute of the day since i arrived in bath . 
 i have witnesses who will swear to that . 
 the only one to suffer if you and lady norton insist on making a scandal is lady norton . '' 
 he turned , then , and locked eyes with lady norton , but continued to address kitteridge . 
 `` i do n't know whether your sister is after my money or if she is with child again , but i will not be her dupe . '' 
 lady norton shrieked at the suggestion she might be pregnant . 
 `` guy ! 
 he has insulted me ! 
 call him out ! '' 
 `` but vivi , he has been a soldier . 
 he 's probably a good shot . '' 
 `` regimental champion three years running , '' michaels offered . 
 he was bouncing forward on his feet , like a boy on outskirts of a fistfight : close enough to see the blood but preserved from any pain and having a wonderful time . 
 `` and he 's none too bad with a sword . '' 
 kitteridge nodded vigorously , and said , `` he 's good with his fists , too . 
 you should have seen him at school . 
 he 'd go into this sort of calm rage , and nothing would stop him . '' 
 `` i 've seen it , '' michaels agreed . 
 `` a sort of cold , logical berserker . 
 very scary . 
 i would n't duel with him if i were you . '' 
 candle was keeping an eye on lady norton . 
 she was assessing every object within reach . 
 he recognised the signs . 
 he 'd had a mistress who threw things when she was upset . 
 yes . 
 there went the jug , water and all . 
 he 'd been ready to duck , but obviously she was angrier with her brother . 
 the jug struck a glancing blow , and what water had n't already soaked the bed and sprayed across the floor finished up on kitteridge 's jacket . 
 `` vivi ! '' 
 he complained , `` i hope that does n't stain . '' 
 `` mr michaels and i are going downstairs , '' candle told them . 
 `` we will return in 30 minutes , bringing the manager with us . 
 i suggest the two of you leave before that time . 
 and lady norton , michaels and i will keep this to ourselves . 
 but only if you do not try anything like it again . '' 
 they did n't speak as they descended the stairs . 
 candle ordered a brandy each , and they took it to a corner of the public room . 
 `` well , '' michaels said . 
 `` you do know how to make an evening entertaining , old chap . '' 
 chapter eight : a christmas present the chair was done . 
 it was , perhaps , the best min had ever made . 
 it was wrapped in protective blankets and secured to the top of the carriage that would take her and mama to avery hall the following day . 
 as she sat with cara in the tea rooms at the roman baths , waiting for lady cresthover to return from the retiring room , min was thinking about the answer she would give ran . 
 she had done a great deal of thinking in the last two weeks . 
 she was no longer afraid of going into society . 
 oh , the high sticklers and the bullies might never accept her . 
 but enough of her old schoolmates had become friends that she need not fear isolation . 
 she would never be a darling of the ton , but neither did she wish to be . 
 and she had learned that she could ignore any nasty remarks made to her . 
 they no longer had the power to crush her , even without ran 's support . 
 if he stood at her side , she could face anything . 
 ran at her side . 
 that was the biggest lesson of all . 
 whether he meant what he said about her chairs or not , she was going to accept ran . 
 if she had to make a choice between her work or her love , she chose love . 
 with him , she felt complete . 
 his absence felt like a gaping hole in her personal universe . 
 she could , if she must , do something other than build chairs . 
 she could not contemplate facing the rest of her life without ran . 
 `` you are thinking about lord avery again , are you not ? '' 
 cara said . 
 `` is it so obvious ? '' 
 `` you are just like henrietta millworthy . 
 she loved the man she married , too . 
 and before the wedding she used to drift off into nowhere , just like you . '' 
 cara reached across the table and grasped min 's hands . 
 `` marry him , min . 
 do not let cats like my cousin stop you . '' 
 min laughed a little . 
 `` i plan to , cara . '' 
 `` and you will still be my friend , will you not ? '' 
 cara looked a little lost . 
 `` i will miss you when you move away from bath . '' 
 `` i will write , and i will not be far away . 
 i imagine we will be able to visit , you and i. '' `` well , is this not sweet ? 
 my cousin and her little shop-girl friend . '' 
 lady norton , her voice pitched to carry across the room , sneered down at them . 
 `` i suppose you think you are so smart , mini bradshaw , trapping a peer . 
 but you will never fit in . 
 do you hear me ? 
 never . '' 
 `` lady norton , this is a private conversation , '' min said . 
 `` he will not be faithful to you , you know . 
 his father was notorious for his affairs . 
 ask her mother . '' 
 lady norton pointed a gloved finger at cara . 
 `` everyone knows her mother was one of his amours , when she was just plain sally hemple . 
 he had a taste for a bit of the common , just like his son . '' 
 min met lady cresthover 's shocked eyes over lady norton 's shoulder and attempted to stem the flow . 
 `` lady norton , that is quite enough . '' 
 lady norton took no notice . 
 `` sally hemple . 
 my mother told me that she trapped my uncle . 
 just like you are trapping poor lord avery , miss bradshaw . '' 
 she gave her cousin a poke with one finger . 
 `` you should try it , carrie darling . 
 before you crumble to dust on the shelf , you poor old thing . '' 
 she swayed a little . 
 `` ooops . '' 
 she caught herself by grabbing the back of a chair , and laughed her tinkling laugh . 
 lady cresthover was whispering to a footman , who nodded and hurried away . 
 `` he is not very good in bed , miss bradshaw . 
 you should not hope for much . 
 perhaps you could get my auntie to give him a few pointers ? '' 
 the footman was back , with a colleague . 
 lady norton yelped as they took an elbow each . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 unhand me . 
 do you know who i am ? '' 
 she was continuing to protest as they half carried her out of the room . 
 `` a very sad case , '' lady cresthover said in a carrying voice . 
 `` a sad unsteadiness in her mother 's family , you know . '' 
 she dropped into a piercing whisper that could be heard in every corner of the room . 
 `` it is said that her grandfather thought he was an elephant . '' 
 `` come , cara , miss bradshaw . '' 
 ignoring the embarrassed titters , she sailed out of the room , min and cara in her wake , and polly the maid scurrying behind . 
 in the foyer , lady cresthover ordered lady norton into a sedan chair . 
 `` it will keep her out of the public eye , '' she said , her voice back at its normal volume . 
 `` miss bradshaw , do not be concerned about my niece . 
 she will retiring to a quiet place in the country . '' 
 she turned away to follow her daughter and the chair , then turned back again . 
 `` and i can assure you that young lord avery is nothing like his father . '' 
 the men worked all night by lantern light to finish candle 's surprise . 
 he was tempted to wait until she had given him her answer and then show her . 
 he would love her to choose him without his gift . 
 but no . 
 he would n't play games , and would n't take the risk she 'd turn him down and then refuse to change her mind . 
 he would show her first , and then propose to her again . 
 he checked the surprise for the third time that morning , ran inside again to see if a message had arrived from the gate yet , stopped to ask his mother how she was , and went back out to the steps to see if he could see their carriage . 
 the weather was cold , with gusty showers that hinted at sleet in their future . 
 he hoped bradshaw 's carriage was warm . 
 what was he thinking ! 
 the man was the king of carriages . 
 he would send his womenfolk in the best he had . 
 returning inside , candle looked around the entry hall . 
 yes . 
 it looked splendid . 
 mother loved christmas , and took no notice of the tradition that decorations must wait until christmas eve . 
 as soon as the christmas octave started on the 17th of december , she mobilised the entire household to transform the house into a christmas paradise . 
 the servants had outdone themselves this year . 
 every surface sported ivy , holly , and greenery . 
 more greenery was tied to the stair balustrade with bright ribbons , and ribbons festooned the kissing balls of holly , ivy , rosemary , and mistletoe . 
 mother had made enough kissing boughs to put one in every room , upstairs and down . 
 `` my lord , she be here ! 
 her carriage be coming down the hill . '' 
 candle waited impatiently at the bottom of the steps , and was at the carriage door as soon as it rolled to a stop . 
 the door swung open before he could grasp the handle , and min tumbled out into his arms . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` yes , ran , yes . 
 i will marry you . '' 
 later , after he had kissed her , been kissed on the cheek by mrs bradshaw , and escorted them inside to his mother for congratulations and more kisses , he managed to detach min from the admiring group around the new chair . 
 `` i have something for you , beloved . 
 a surprise present for christmas . 
 mother , mrs bradshaw , i am taking min to show her her present . '' 
 the mothers waved them away . 
 ran refused to tell her what the surprise was , but he took her outside , and to a building behind the stable . 
 `` stop . '' 
 he commanded . 
 he rushed ahead and opened the door , then returned and covered her eyes with his hands . 
 `` i 'll guide you . 
 take three paces forward . 
 now turn slightly and take one more pace . 
 now feel forward with your foot for the step . 
 there are three steps . 
 one ; two ; three . 
 two more paces . 
 stop . '' 
 he removed his hands . 
 min stared . 
 then turned her head . 
 then turned in a complete circle . 
 `` ran ? 
 ran , it 's my workshop . '' 
 she ran forward and brushed her hand over the drafting table , picked up and put down the pens and pencils waiting for her , straightened the blotter . 
 next , the workbench , where racks waited for her tools , still back in bath in the racks he 'd duplicated . 
 the shelves of supplies were mostly empty , too , but she could imagine them filled . 
 `` ran . '' 
 she smiled at him and his dear features wavered as her eyes swam with tears . 
 he looked concerned . 
 `` min ? 
 is it alright ? '' 
 `` it is the most wonderful thing anyone has ever done for me . 
 my workshop . '' 
 `` how else are you going to keep inventing your wonderful chairs , my love ? '' 
 `` ran . '' 
 that seemed to be the only word she could say , but she invested it with a wealth of meaning . 
 then she melted into his arms , and neither of them spoke for some time . 
 candle avery was climbing the hill track in the rain . 
 he was cold , wet , and thoroughly happy . 
 he and his companions had refused a lift on the cart taking the freshly cut yule log back to avery hall . 
 the hill track was the quicker way . 
 and at the hall min waited for him . 
 min avery . 
 his wife of three days . 
 he 'd be hard put to pick the happiest moment of his life . 
 when she tumbled out of the coach and accepted his proposal ? 
 when she agreed to using the special licence he 'd obtained , and to marrying him as soon as her family could come from bath ? 
 when he 'd turned from his place before the altar and seen her walking towards him in a cloud of lace , or a few minutes later when she 'd given him her hand and her trust with her vows ? 
 when she welcomed him into her embrace and her body later that night ? 
 when he woke up the next morning to her shy suggestion that they should make love again ? 
 each day , he fell in love a little more . 
 they crested the top and daniel said something candle did n't catch . 
 michaels gave candle a friendly punch on the arm . 
 `` no point in talking to him , '' he told daniel . 
 `` the man walks around in a daze . '' 
 `` to be fair , we are intruding on his honeymoon , '' daniel noted . 
 to be fair , they were mostly being careful not to intrude . 
 but it was christmas eve , and it was his job as master of the house to collect the yule log . 
 `` my wife and i want you to enjoy your christmas in our home , '' he said . 
 as well as min 's family , michaels and miss cresthover had come for the wedding , and were staying for christmas . 
 `` preferably without disturbing you and your wife . 
 yes , we understand , '' said the irrepressible daniel . 
 michaels gestured ahead . 
 `` who , if i do not mistake , is coming to meet us . '' 
 below , two women waited in the shelter of the summerhouse . 
 sure enough , as the men drew level with the structure , miss cresthover and the new lady avery dashed down the steps under their umbrellas . 
 `` so do we have a good yule log , '' min asked . 
 `` an excellent one , '' daniel said , `` but i 'm sorry to say we failed in one mission . '' 
 he let his eyes , lips and shoulders droop . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 cara could be depended on to ask the questions that set daniel up for whatever punchline he intended to deliver . 
 candle held min back , letting the others go on ahead , but they could still hear daniel 's reply as the three in the lead turned the corner of the path . 
 `` we could n't find any mistletoe to replace all the berries min and candle have used , so nobody else in the hall can be kissed , miss cresthover . '' 
 `` but mr whitlow , you kissed me this morning ! '' 
 replied cara . 
 `` i kissed you this morning , '' candle told min . 
 `` really ? 
 i am not sure that i remember . 
 perhaps if you do it again ? '' 
 after several minutes , he drew his head back . 
 `` min , the yule log wo n't be here for another hour . 
 shall we go up to bed ? '' 
 `` up the stairs in front of our friends and family ? 
 ran , i could not . '' 
 he thought for a moment of suggesting the back stairs , but through the kitchen full of servants would n't appeal to her , either . 
 `` however , '' said min , `` your study has a sofa and a warm fire , and i unlatched the window before i came out . '' 
 `` ah , min , '' candle told her , `` how lucky i am to have a clever wife . '' 
 the end thank you for reading my novella . 
 if you enjoyed it , i 'd be grateful if you take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer . 
 candle and min first appeared when i was writing my novel farewell to kindness . 
 i needed someone to diagnose sabotage on an invalid chair that collapsed in the middle of an assembly , and min pushed her way out of the crowd , with candle hovering protectively behind her . 
 i wondered how two such different people got together , and this story is the result . 
 below , you will find a brief summary of the language of flowers , a sample of farewell to kindness , to be published in april 2015 , a description of other books i 'm working on , my brief biography , and places you can find me online . 
 please read on . 
 news and special offers subscribe to my newsletter for news about publication dates and more . 
 as a subscriber , you will receive advance information about cover designs , book trailers , book blurbs , release dates , and special price periods . 
 you 'll also get exclusive subscriber-only special offers , including articles , short stories , and competitions . 
 i do n't expect to send a newsletter more than a dozen times a year , so do n't fear that i 'll clutter up your inbox . 
 http://judeknightauthor.com/newsletter/ acknowledgements thank you to my beta readers , sue , carol , and angela . 
 you read my story in record time , and came back with comments and suggestions that helped me make it stronger . 
 thank you , husband of mine , for endless cups of coffee and tea , and wine in the evenings , for feeding me , and for dragging me from the keyboard occasionally to remind me i am in the 21st century , not the 19th . 
 thank you also to all the other people who have encouraged me on this journey . 
 i appreciate every one of you . 
 thank you to britt leveridge , who drew the chair featured on the cover . 
 britt , you did an amazing job . 
 the background picture is ` a view of king 's weston in the snow ' photographed by stephen burns and released into the public domain under a creative commons licence . 
 thanks , stephen burns . 
 say it with flowers the language of flowers has a history stretching back to antiquity . 
 many cultures around the world have developed their own symbolism of flowers , but the symbolism known in the west mostly traces back to the harems of the ottoman empire . 
 in the early 18th century , charles ii , king of sweden , after living for five years in turkey , brought the language of flowers back to europe . 
 lady mary wortley montague , wife of the english ambassador to constantinople , also became fascinated with the way the ladies of the court used flowers to pass coded messages , and introduced the language of flowers to england . 
 -lrb- though ophelia 's ramblings in shakespeare 's hamlet hint that some meanings predate this introduction . -rrb- 
 in 1805 , when candle was sending his gifts , the language of flowers was well known , but not yet as popular as it became in the victorian era , when several books were published giving common meanings . 
 here are the flowers candle used . 
 anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination -lrb- a solid colour means yes and striped means no -rrb- carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : i 'll remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you 're a flame in my heart camellias , white : you 're adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you 're the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget-me-nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i 'm walking on air primroses : i ca n't live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure -lrb- also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time -rrb- tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : let 's take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children . 
 now back in england , he has inherited an earldom from his cousin george , and is close to finding the investors who ordered the deaths in an attempt to destroy rede 's fur trading enterprise . 
 he travels to his country estate in longford , west gloucestershire , to be close to the investigation . 
 he does not need the distraction of an overwhelming longing for the lovely widow who lives in one of the cottages he owns . 
 a widow , moreover , with a small daughter whose distinctive eyes mark her as george 's child . 
 for six years , from the night anne blackmailed george at arrow-point for an income and a place to live , she has been in hiding with her sisters and daughter . 
 she hides from the scandal of her daughter 's conception . 
 more importantly , she hides from the earl of selby , who has sinister plans for the sisters . 
 he no longer has legal rights as guardian to the older sisters , but the youngest sister is still only 18 . 
 he can not be allowed to find her . 
 the last thing anne needs is an inconvenient attraction to the local earl . 
 rede is everything she has learned not to trust : a man , a peer , a redepenning . 
 if he finds out who she is , she may lose everything . 
 as their attraction builds against a backdrop of the village whitsun week festivities , several accidents make rede believe his enemies have found him , and lead anne to wonder whether selby has found her . 
 prologue london , 1801 he was drunk . 
 but not nearly drunk enough . 
 he still saw his young friend 's dying eyes everywhere . 
 in half-caught glimpses of strangers reflected in windows along bond street , under the hats of coachmen that passed him along the silent streets to bedford square , in the flickering lamps that shone pallidly against the cold london dawn as he stumbled up the steps to his front door . 
 they followed his every waking hour : hot , angry , hate-filled eyes that had once been warm with admiration . 
 he drank to forget , but all he could do was remember . 
 one more flight of stairs , then through the half open door to his private sitting room , already reaching for the waiting decanter of brandy as he crossed the floor . 
 he had a glass of oblivion halfway to his lips before he noticed the painting . 
 it stood on an easel , lit by a carefully arranged tree of candles . 
 his own face was illuminated -- the golden shades of his hair , his intensely blue eyes . 
 the artist had captured his high cheekbones and sculpted jaw . 
 `` one of london 's most beautiful men , '' he 'd been called . 
 he stalked to the easel , moving with great care to avoid spilling his drink . 
 yes . 
 the artist had talent . 
 who could have given him such a thing ? 
 as he bent forward to look at it more closely , something whipped past his face . 
 with a solid thunk , an arrow struck the painting , to stand quivering between the painted eyes . 
 he dropped his glass as he started backwards , flailing to keep his balance , and trying to turn at the same time to see behind him . 
 there . 
 in the shadows behind the door . 
 a silent gowned figure with another arrow already nocked and ready to fly . 
 `` who are you ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 the drink thickened his voice . 
 `` if i shout , i 'll wake the whole household . '' 
 `` the household are all either below stairs or well above . 
 and you will have , at most , one shout before i put this arrow between your eyes . 
 i have demonstrated i can . '' 
 it was a woman 's voice , low and determined . 
 he glanced back at the arrow , and swallowed . 
 `` you wo n't shoot me . 
 you 're a woman . '' 
 `` i will shoot you with pleasure , if i must , '' the woman said . 
 `` but shooting you is not my first choice . '' 
 he pulled himself straight , glaring . 
 `` you wo n't get away with this . 
 do n't you know who i am ? '' 
 `` you do not know who i am , do you ? 
 i am the woman you owe a future to . 
 and i mean to collect . 
 you will give me either my future or my revenge . '' 
 he took a step towards her , leaning forward to peer into the shadows . 
 she lifted the arrow point fractionally , saying , `` no closer ! '' 
 he stopped . 
 `` i do n't even know who you are . 
 what crime have i supposedly committed ? 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 she gestured to the chair by the fire with the point of her arrow . 
 `` sit , '' she commanded , and once he complied , she moved out into the light . 
 `` now do you know who i am ? '' 
 she looked familiar . 
 but no , he could n't place her . 
 he shook his head . 
 she was silent for a moment . 
 when she spoke , her voice was stiff with outrage . 
 `` perhaps i can help your memory . 
 you killed my brother . 
 you sank my reputation into the gutter . 
 you left me with sisters to care for and a baby to raise . 
 remember me now , guardian ? '' 
 she sounded like a heroine from a gothic novel . 
 come to think of it , it was a gothic novel , and he was the villain . 
 `` you 're stockie 's sister . '' 
 his voice was resigned . 
 really , he might have guessed that stockie would find a corporeal way to haunt him . 
 `` but wait ; you do n't understand . 
 i did n't mean to kill your brother . 
 i was drunk . 
 i misfired . 
 you ca n't blame me for that . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 `` he challenged me . 
 i had to meet him . 
 it was a matter of honour . 
 i did n't mean to kill him . '' 
 she looked at him coldly . 
 `` i am not here to discuss the past . 
 i want somewhere to live ; somewhere in the country where you do not go . 
 on the table at your elbow is a letter to your land steward in gloucestershire . 
 it tells him to give me and my sisters life tenancy of a suitable cottage , with sufficient land to feed us . 
 read it . 
 sign it . 
 then toss it over here to me . '' 
 he frowned , drawing his brows together . 
 `` but your cousin said he 'd take care of everything . '' 
 `` he told you what he had planned ? '' 
 `` that he would find you a place to live until the baby was born , and make sure there was no scandal . '' 
 `` that he would lock us two older girls away , sell the baby , and marry our little sister to his loathsome son . '' 
 he 'd met the son . 
 he would n't put a dog he did n't like in that boy 's care . 
 he had given her dying brother his promise that he 'd leave the girls alone , but surely stockie would expect him to come to their rescue ? 
 `` then let me see to it . 
 i am your guardian . 
 and your trustee . '' 
 `` we do not want you . 
 and we do not want our cousin and his plans . 
 just leave us alone . '' 
 he examined his feet , ashamed to meet her scornful eyes . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt anybody . 
 i was drunk . 
 i was n't thinking . '' 
 `` sign the papers . '' 
 `` i am sorry , you know . '' 
 `` ` sorry ' does nothing . 
 if you are sorry , sign the papers . '' 
 he reached for the papers ; began to read . 
 `` and do not think to renege on the bargain , '' she went on . 
 `` a cottage and some money for us to live on to make it possible for me to look after my family , and i will go away and be quiet about what you did . 
 but if you try to take back the cottage , or to harm any one of us , i will make sure the whole of society knows . 
 `` do not think i am afraid to speak , '' she added , as he opened his mouth to tell her she had nothing to fear . 
 `` you have made certain our place in society is lost . 
 take away what little we have left , and i will take you down with me . 
 i know society blames the innocent maid rather than the rake that ruins her , but they will care that she was your ward ; they will care that you killed another ward , her own brother . '' 
 `` look ; i 've signed . '' 
 he rolled the papers and tossed them at her feet . 
 `` you said you want money . 
 i ... i 'll give you a letter for my bank . 
 how much ? '' 
 she gestured with her head towards the purse he 'd dropped as he came in the door . 
 `` what is in that ? '' 
 `` my winnings from tonight . '' 
 `` it looked heavy . '' 
 `` i had a run of luck . 
 three thousand guineas , more or less . '' 
 `` i will take it . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` three thousand ? 
 will that be enough ? '' 
 `` with the cottage , it will be enough . 
 i do n't want anything else from you except your absence from our lives . '' 
 `` i 'm still your guardian . '' 
 `` for the sake of us all , i suggest you forget that . 
 i will look after my sisters now . '' 
 he could n't meet her eyes . 
 he studied his hands , instead . 
 what if he broke his promise to stockie ? 
 `` i could marry you . 
 that would fix things . '' 
 she shook her head , looking at him with contempt , then said , `` take off all your clothes . '' 
 he gave a surprised laugh ; one that turned automatically to a leer . 
 `` sweetheart ... '' she drew the bowstring that she 'd allowed to relax , reaiming the arrow at his heart . 
 `` all your clothes . 
 now . 
 take them off ... gather them together ... good . 
 now throw them out the window . '' 
 even through the drink ; even at the point of an arrow , the thought of being naked in front of this woman caused a little stirring in the portion of his anatomy that had caused the problem . 
 her face was fiery red . 
 showing and then undoing his corset was embarrassing . 
 more and more , in his casual liaisons , he was disrobing in the dark . 
 his mistresses , of course , made no comment about his growing paunch . 
 he obeyed her instructions , opening the window and leaning out to drop his clothes . 
 the bundle unfurled and spilled down the front steps into the street . 
 behind him , he heard the door shut , and the key turn in the lock . 
 without much hope , he tried the door , and then the door to the bedroom . 
 both were locked . 
 she had n't missed a trick . 
 he wished her every success . 
 perhaps another letter to his land steward , instructing that she be given every care ? 
 no . 
 that would only draw attention to her . 
 better let her handle it . 
 it was chilly in the room . 
 it could be hours before the valet tried the door . 
 but he had most of a decanter of brandy to keep the cold and the ghost at bay . 
 perhaps , if he stayed away from longford and kept the girls ' secrets , his betrayed friend would stop haunting him ? 
 for chapters one and two of farewell to kindness , see my website : http://judeknightauthor.com/farewell-to-kindness-excerpt/ other books by jude knight a raging madness : book 2 of the golden redepennings coming december 2015 when alex redepenning , formerly of the 20th light dragoons , comes to the funeral of ella melville 's mother-in-law , he does not expect ella to turn up in his bedroom at the nearby inn , seeking help . 
 they have met twice in the last 10 years ; once when she married one of alex 's fellow officers under dubious circumstances , and once when she arrived too late to attend her husband 's death bed . 
 and they parted rancorously each time . 
 after what he said at their last meeting , ella hoped never to see alex again ; even though he has been her hero since she was a girl of 15 . 
 but an overheard conversation between her brother-in-law and his wife leaves her with no-one else to turn to . 
 she wants alex 's help to escape those who would keep her prisoner and have her declared insane . 
 then she wants him to go away and leave her alone . 
 but danger follows them ; ella 's in-laws want her confined , and someone alex annoyed seems to want him dead . 
 joining forces is sensible . 
 if they can survive their enemies , the only risk is to their hearts . 
 encouraging prudence : book 1 of the virtue sisters coming september 2015 david and prudence , operatives for one of england 's shadowy spymasters , are sent to investigate a spying ring that is stealing secrets for the french by blackmailing aristocrats . 
 among those they investigate are david 's legitimate brothers -lrb- the sons of the duke who sired him -rrb- and the husband of one of prue 's three sisters . 
 after what happened last time they worked together , both david and prue are determined they wo n't surrender to the strong physical attraction between them . 
 they 're professionals . 
 they 'll find the blackmailer and the spy behind him , and part again . 
 and , since they have to go to bristol as part of the investigation , they might as well also carry out an inquiry for one of david 's friends , stephen redepenning , the new earl of chirbury . 
 it is not until the danger that lurks in bristol takes prue from him that david realises what she means to him . 
 and finding her again may mean choosing between his country and his woman . 
 lord danwood 's dilemma : book 1 of danwood 's daughters coming april 2016 inheriting from a distant cousin who had no sons , anthony simon wentworth , the new earl of danwood , finds that his predecessor had a unique way of stacking the odds so that a grandson of his would one day be earl . 
 tony has inherited the title and the entailed land , but has no way to support it . 
 to win the non-entailed wealth , he must wed and get with child one of the former lord danwood 's eight daughters . 
 the legitimate daughters live at danwood castle in the north york moors . 
 in a nearby coastal village , the former earl kept a second family by his wife 's sister -lrb- now deceased -rrb- . 
 the eldest daughter , sophia , keeps life on an even keel for her two sisters and two brothers , despite a lack of money and the general disapproval of the village . 
 tony thinks he will settle the mistress 's children somewhere out of sight and marry one of the legitimate children . 
 but he is distracted by the need to rescue his new relatives from smugglers , the coastguard , an angry farmer or two , the machinations of their aunt , and his growing appreciation of the feisty sophia . 
 connect with jude knight jude knight is the pen name of judy knighton . 
 after a career in commercial writing , editing , and publishing , i am returning to my first love , fiction . 
 my first novel is farewell to kindness , number one in the golden redepennings . 
 i have several novels in progress , and plot outlines for 40 + , all set in the early 19th century . 
 the plans include seven series , several stand-alone novels , novellas , and short stories , and a number of characters who intersect across series . 
 follow me on twitter : http://twitter.com/judeknightbooks friend me on facebook : http://facebook.com/judeknightbooks subscribe to my blog : http://judeknightauthor.com subscribe to my newsletter : http://judeknightauthor.com/newsletter/ follow me on goodreads : http://www.goodreads.com/judeknight favourite me at smashwords : http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/judeknight 
