 1 . 
 three months before i die i stare at the basket of hypodermic needles . 
 so slender and pretty , each filled with a yellow liquid that reminds me of gold paint . 
 `` inoculations , '' i say . 
 i consult the floppy that contains my instructions for today 's labor . 
 across the top of the screen is a chart and the words genetic modification . 
 that 's ... not right . 
 these needles are filled with inoculations . 
 eldest told me so . 
 that 's what he said this morning , when he brought me the basket himself . '' 
 selene , '' he had told me , his voice warm and kind , `` these are inoculations for the rabbits . 
 inject one full dose per rabbit today . '' 
 my eyes burn with pain as i scan the text on the floppy . 
 there 's nothing about inoculations here . 
 sharp pain shoots through my head . 
 eldest told me these were inoculations . 
 `` inoculations , '' i say , a soft smile curving my lips . 
 i pat the basket of needles as if comforting it in the knowledge of what it truly is . 
 it does n't matter what the chart and words on the floppy say . 
 it only matters what eldest says . 
 everything is only what eldest says it is . 
 the rabbit field is quiet , but not silent . 
 that is what i like about it . 
 i like sounds . 
 soft thumps on the ground as the rabbits hop around . 
 the little chirruping noises they make . 
 the gentle clacky-chewy sounds as they nibble on grass . 
 i sit down in the grass field . 
 for a moment , i look up at the sky . 
 made of metal and painted with clouds that never move . 
 my sky is a certainty . 
 that 's nice . 
 sometimes , i think about how i 'm living aboard a spaceship hurtling through the stars toward a new planet . 
 but those thoughts are too big , and so i do n't think them often . 
 i blink and see darkness . 
 i open my eyes and see blue . 
 blink . 
 dark . 
 light . 
 blue . 
 blink . 
 dark . 
 dark . 
 i do n't open my eyes . 
 dark . 
 bloodbruisespainbetrayalalonealonealonealonealone . 
 i open my eyes . 
 i do not like the dark . 
 i stand . 
 there is work to do . 
 the rabbits are fat and lazy . 
 but they do not like it when i try to grab them . 
 perhaps they know that sometimes when i snatch them up , i send them to the butcher and they are made into food . 
 but if they do know this , they 're not too concerned about it . 
 they scamper away , but only a meter or so . 
 then i sneak . 
 i sneak behind them , where they ca n't see , do n't know i 'm coming . 
 they think i am their friend . 
 and then i lunge . 
 i tackle the nearest rabbit , pinning it down by its shoulders . 
 after scanning its identification chip - number 424 , the screen says-i plunge a hypodermic needle into its back leg . '' 
 number 424 , inoculated , '' i say aloud . 
 i do n't have to say it aloud . 
 but i like sound . 
 this is my day . 
 sneak up on rabbits . 
 lunge . 
 grab . 
 hold . 
 inoculate . 
 sometimes i look at the sky . 
 sometimes i look around me , at the green hills . 
 i see someone running through the fields , a swing of color , bright against the normal green . 
 i hum , and i work . 
 and then . 
 then a girl shows up . 
 she is a freak . 
 eldest told me she is a freak , told all of us on the ship . 
 a genetically modified experiment gone wrong . 
 she looks like a freak . 
 pale skin , almost the color of the fluffy white tails of the rabbits . 
 bright , bright hair . 
 red hair . 
 with orange and gold in it . 
 like the koi in the pond by the hospital . 
 friendsgonegonegonealonealonealone . '' 
 hello , '' the girl says . 
 i look at the girl . 
 i look at her koi-fish hair . 
 `` hello , '' i say . 
 she is different . 
 she reminds me of ... something . 
 a sharp pain shoots through my head again . 
 i look down , away from her . 
 `` you 're the genetically modified experiment , '' i say . 
 i wait for her to confirm this is true , even though i know it is because eldest said she is . 
 `` eldest has said we do n't have to speak to you . '' 
 the girl is mad at me . 
 i know because of her voice . 
 i like sounds . 
 i pay attention not just to which words are said , but how they are said , and this girl says them angrily . 
 but she does n't go away . 
 she keeps talking to me . 
 she asks about the rabbits . 
 she asks about the needles . 
 she talks a lot . 
 `` i saw you running , '' i say suddenly , realizing that the person i saw before was this girl , the bright color in the green fields was her koi-fish hair . 
 a strange feeling washes over me . 
 my heart is loud and slow , and my head hurts . '' 
 what were you running from ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my voice cracks . 
 i pay attention to sound . 
 even the sounds i make . 
 and the sound i am making is fear . 
 hewillgetmerunrunrunrunrunhide . '' 
 just running , '' the girl says , as if it is n't strange to run for no reason . 
 she talks more . 
 questions , questions . 
 i have work to do . 
 but then i remember more about what eldest told us about this girl . 
 that she was to live in the hospital . 
 i ask her , and she confirms it . 
 she lives in the hospital . '' 
 my grandfather was taken to the hospital , '' i say . 
 gonegonegone . 
 `` is he better now ? '' 
 the girl asks . '' 
 he 's gone . '' 
 gonegonegone . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' the girl says . 
 her voice surprises me . 
 she means it . 
 she means that she 's sorry . '' 
 why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it was his time . '' 
 the girl stares at me for so long i think she 's done speaking . 
 but then she says , `` you 're crying . '' 
 i touch my face . 
 my fingers come away wet with salty tears . 
 `` i have no reason to be sad , '' i say . 
 it 's true . 
 i have no reason to be sad . 
 none at all . 
 2 . 
 seven years before i die i suppose i should be upset that i 'm crazy , but i 'm actually quite pleased about it . 
 being crazy means i do n't have to work in the fields or the city . 
 it means i get to stay here , in the hospital . 
 with my friends . '' 
 selene , '' kayleigh drawls from the sofa in the common room . 
 `` come sit with us . '' 
 victria , who had been by the window staring at the open fields that separate the hospital from the rest of the ship 's population in the city , plops down in the center seat of the orange sofa made of scratchy wool . 
 she wiggles in closer to kayleigh , and the two girls look almost like sisters , with the same shade of olive skin and same length of dark brown hair . 
 everyone on the ship has similar coloring , but i think victria tries to make herself into a shadow of kayleigh . 
 she deigns to glance in my direction . 
 she does n't mind me , exactly , she just likes to know the order of things . 
 and the order of things here is that kayleigh comes first , and victria is always beside her , and sometimes , trailing at the end , is me . 
 it 's almost time for lessons . 
 doc and the nurses like us all to take meds at the same time , just before the solar lamp in the metal ceiling clicks on . 
 `` i hate the meds , '' kayleigh says under her breath as doc walks into the common room . 
 he and the nurses distribute the pills , and we all swallow them down obediently . 
 except kayleigh . 
 she stares at the pill until doc notices , and he does n't look away from her until she gulps it down with some water . 
 i do n't mind the inhibitor pills , not like kayleigh does . 
 swallowing one blue-and-white pill a day is a small price to pay for life at the hospital . 
 so we 're loons . 
 so we have to take mental meds . 
 it 's not so bad that eldest keeps us here , removed from the rest of the ship , on the other side of godspeed , in the hospital , away from the normal people . 
 it 's not so bad being abnormal here , where everyone else is weird too . 
 but if that pill is supposed to keep me from being crazy , it does n't do a very good job . 
 instead of making me less loons , sometimes i worry it makes me more . 
 i 'm different . 
 we-all of us in the hospital-are different . 
 i did n't have to see the way my parents ' glassy eyes would flicker with concern when i spoke to know that the things i said were n't normal . 
 doc says we 're special , but `` special '' is just a nice way of saying `` freak . '' '' 
 sometimes , '' kayleigh whispers , `` i think it 's everyone else who 's weird . '' 
 victria 's eyes dart around the common room , lingering on the nurses gathered around doc by the door . 
 one of the first things we learned was not to ask too many questions or draw attention to ourselves , and kayleigh 's words are incendiary . '' 
 no , '' i say . 
 `` we 're the freaks . '' 
 and we are . 
 everyone else on the spaceship godspeed does n't stay up late at night , worrying about whether or not the ship will ever land . 
 they do n't spend their time doing useless things like singing songs or drawing pictures . 
 they never worry about whether bartie will be able to rip his gaze off victria long enough to notice anyone else ... . '' 
 we 're not that freakish , '' victria says . 
 `` i heard elder takes the mental meds too . '' 
 i gasp in surprise . 
 elder , our future leader , is on mental meds like us ? 
 he 's still young - living in the city now , awaiting the time until he comes of age and joins eldest on the keeper level of the ship-but even the hint of madness in our leader disturbs me . 
 `` will he come to live at the hospital ? '' 
 victria nods . 
 `` i heard doc talking to eldest about it . 
 elder will be moving here in a few months , after going to one of the farms for a bit . '' 
 i want to know more , but kayleigh interrupts us . 
 `` it 's better . 
 being on the mental meds . 
 i hated it before i started taking them , '' kayleigh says . 
 her voice is clear and slow , as if she 's measured the weight of each word and determined its worth before speaking it . 
 `` you do n't remember what it was like before . 
 none of us do . '' 
 `` i remember , '' she insists . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 my voice is a challenge . 
 `` what was it like ? '' '' 
 nothing . '' 
 `` tell us , '' i demand . '' 
 nothing . 
 it was like nothing . 
 it was like being empty inside . '' 
 victria and i exchange a look . '' 
 sometimes ... '' kayleigh sighs . 
 `` there 's a lot about this ship that does n't make sense . '' 
 `` liiiike , '' a voice calls out from the other side of the room , `` how you wo n't let me kiss you ! '' 
 kayleigh picks up a pillow from the sofa and throws it at harley-not too hard , but hard enough . 
 harley tosses it aside easily , laughing . 
 if i had to describe harley as nothing but a sound , that would be it : laughter . 
 he 's always smiling , his white teeth unable to bite back the sound . 
 he sees the world in shades of joy . 
 harley picks the pillow up from the ground , and i notice paint is caked under his nails , leaking out onto his fingertips . '' 
 we were having , '' kayleigh says , her voice punctuating each word , `` a private conversation . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , and meanwhile the rest of us are going to lessons . '' '' 
 going to lessons ? '' 
 i ask , leaning forward . 
 `` but the lessons have always been here before . '' 
 i do n't know if there 's much of a point in teaching crazy people things , but doc insists that it 's our duty to `` hone our inherent talents . '' 
 every day , he or the nurses leads a discussion on topics relevant to studies : art , math , science . 
 things like that . 
 and they 're usually done here , in the common room , where there are enough seats for everyone and nothing to distract us from learning beyond the perfectly symmetrical and evenly spaced green fields outside the window . '' 
 we 're going to the recorder hall , '' harley says , a mischievous light in his eyes . 
 kayleigh rolls her eyes . 
 `` you made it sound like we were doing something important today , '' she says . 
 `` we 've been to the recorder hall before . '' 
 `` yeah , '' harley says . 
 `` but doc 's not doing the lesson there . 
 the recorder is . '' 
 my eyes grow round at this . 
 the recorder is going to teach us from now on ? 
 but ... '' why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 harley shrugs . 
 a moment later , doc starts calling out names . 
 harley was partially wrong : most of the other residents of the hospital are going to lessons on the shipper level . 
 doc tells them they 're being apprenticed . 
 it 's people like buck and britne and tailor-the ones good at the science and math lessons . 
 people like me and kayleigh and harley-the ones who like art-are being sent to the recorder hall . 
 by the time doc 's done announcing our new roles and sending the studious ones to the shipper level , only a handful of us remain to go to the recorder hall . 
 `` this should be fun , '' bartie , harley 's best friend , tells me as we enter the elevator . 
 i grin at him , hoping the heat i feel rising up in me is n't reflected in my cheeks . 
 i ca n't rip my eyes from him until he turns to harley and says something that makes him laugh , the sound of his voice jolting me out of my reverie . 
 victria shoots me a look , and my eyes drop to the metal floor of the elevator . 
 i do n't want her to know how i feel about bartie . 
 i do n't want anyone to know . 
 i want to keep it in the secret place of my heart , the part of me that still clings to hope . 
 <br/> yes . 
 i like these sirens . 
 by the time i look up , orion 's returned with the books . 
 harley flips through the pages too quickly , careless with the ancient paper made from real trees from sol-earth . 
 we do n't have trees on godspeed , and we hardly ever use the synthetic paper made by the shippers-everything 's recorded on floppies instead . 
 orion scowls at harley until he sets the book gently down on the ground . '' 
 have you selected your topic ? '' 
 luthor asks . 
 i nod and hold out the floppy to him . 
 he smiles as he reads about the creatures that sing to lure men 's ships to dangerous waters and sure death . 
 harley glances up as bartie leans over to read too . '' 
 ha ! 
 your voice could make men suicidal ! '' 
 he crows with laughter , but i snatch the floppy out of his hands and read about the greek that he selected . 
 i know he did n't mean the words to sting , but they do . '' 
 your music is so bad hades would keep you in the underworld to save us all from having to hear it ! '' 
 i try to keep my voice light like his , turning the words into a harmless joke among friends . 
 nothing more than friends . 
 `` it is not ! '' 
 bartie snatches the floppy away . 
 `` orpheus was the greatest musician of all time . '' '' 
 bet he could n't sing , '' i snap back . '' 
 who have you all chosen ? '' 
 orion 's voice calls out over our argument . '' 
 sappho , '' victria says . 
 harley snorts . 
 `` you would pick her . '' '' 
 what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` i ca n't decide between hephaestus and prometheus , '' kayleigh says , drawing attention to her . 
 victria shoots her a small smile . '' 
 why prometheus ? '' 
 orion asks . 
 harley taps the name into his floppy . 
 `` you do n't want him . 
 he gets his liver eaten out by a giant bird ! '' '' 
 but i like the way he brought knowledge to people , '' kayleigh says . '' 
 but you 're more of an inventor . '' 
 orion lifts the floppy out of her hands and swipes the screen , bringing up an image of a huge , ugly man with a forge behind him . 
 `` hephaestus is probably more appropriate . 
 and less dangerous . '' 
 even here , we have to remind ourselves that eldest is more of a god than any of these long-dead greeks , and he can do much worse that have our livers ripped out . 
 `` i 'm selecting pygmalion , '' luthor says . 
 i jump a little ; i 'd forgotten how close he was to me . 
 he 's so quiet . '' 
 piggy , piggy ! '' 
 barite taunts . 
 `` that sounds about right ! '' '' 
 pygmalion was a sculptor , '' orion says . 
 `` good choice , luthor . 
 what about you , harley ? '' 
 `` i ca n't find any painters , '' he grumbles . '' 
 why do n't you do a fresco-it 's like painting , but with plaster-and you can use the muses as your subject ? '' 
 orion suggests . 
 he bends down to show harley the muses , but i 'm distracted by victria . 
 she mouths something to me , indicating bartie and luthor with her head . '' 
 what ? '' 
 i mouth back . 
 her eyes widen at me , and she jerks her head to luthor . 
 then she glances significantly at kayleigh , who 's leaned in close to harley , and jerks her head back . '' 
 she wants us to give them some privacy , '' luthor whispers in my ear . 
 `` i-oh ! '' 
 i say , blushing . 
 victria rolls her eyes . 
 scooping up the floppy and one of the books , i follow victria and bartie further into the recorder hall , passing closed doors leading to rooms full of books and sol-earth artifacts . 
 luthor trails behind me , chuckling at how harley and kayleigh remain ignorant of our plot . 
 victria pauses at the door to the entry way . 
 `` i 'll distract orion in a minute , give them some real alone time . '' 
 when i do n't move , she adds , `` you go on , '' and waves her hands at me . 
 i head further down the dark hallway . 
 luthor hesitates , then follows me , but bartie winks and drops back to stay with victria . 
 i 'm disappointed-i would actually like to talk to him about maybe working together on our project . 
 he could compose music and i could write lyrics and maybe we could ... but he 'd rather stay with victria . 
 fine . 
 whatever . 
 i do n't care . 
 `` let 's go upstairs , '' luthor says softly , so i follow him . 
 i 've never explored the recorder hall this much before ; i know that the second and third stories hold relics from sol-earth , but not much else . 
 luthor leads me to a room on the second floor-a huge gallery with double doors . 
 unlike the entryway , this room is filled with light , illuminating the objects inside . '' 
 what is this ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 canvases hang from the walls , illuminated by the windows . 
 sculptures dot the tiled floor ; a mobile made of glittering glass hangs from the ceiling . 
 `` it 's the art from past gens , '' luthor says . 
 he steps inside , and while i just stand there , gazing around , he watches my expression as if eager to see if he 's pleased me . 
 `` i ... i did n't know , '' i say , awed . 
 and i did n't . 
 it 's not that the recorder hall is banned or kept hidden-although you do have to have permission to see the books . 
 it 's that it never occurred to me that a ship led by eldest could hold such treasures . 
 `` and look , '' luthor says , stepping over to the wall , where an electronic box is embedded . 
 he adjusts a dial , and music drifts through the room . 
 `` these were all made by people who lived on this ship , '' he says . 
 i close my eyes and listen . 
 the singer is a soprano , like me , and her voice is clear and rich . 
 she sings about impossibilities : stars within reach , solid earth at her feet , and ocean mist kissing her cheeks . 
 when the song fades to static , i open my eyes . 
 luthor 's motionless , staring at me with a look on his face that i do n't recognize . 
 `` let 's make this our studio , '' he says suddenly . 
 `` you and me . 
 let 's work on our projects here . '' 
 he pauses , wetting his lips . 
 `` together . '' 
 i think about the adoration harley showers on kayleigh , the way kayleigh 's mouth twitches whenever he tries to snatch her hand in his . 
 i think of the way bartie hung back to stay with victria . 
 `` yes , '' i say , and in that moment , nothing exists beyond him and me and the lingering strains of the music that hang between us . 
 <br/> luthor 's waiting on the other side , looking excited . 
 `` i know what i want to sculpt , '' he says , stepping into the room . '' 
 what ? '' 
 after the door zips closed behind him , i push the large button in my wall and soon the room is filled with the scent of breakfast . 
 wall food is n't that great-we could go to the caf instead and get something a little better-but it is convenient . 
 i pull out the warm meat pasty from the cavity built into my wall and break it apart , offering half to luthor . 
 he takes it , a flicker of surprise on his face . 
 `` thanks , '' he mumbles . '' 
 so , '' i say , spraying bread crumbs before i think to swallow . 
 `` what 're you going to make ? '' 
 `` you . '' '' 
 what ? '' '' 
 you . '' 
 luthor sets his half of breakfast down on the desk . 
 he 's too excited ; he needs both hands to fly around as he speaks . 
 `` i read more about the pig-guy . '' '' 
 pygmalion , '' i say , smiling . 
 i know the name better than he does . 
 `` yeah . 
 and he made a sculpture of what he thought the ideal woman would be like . 
 that 's the whole point of his story , that he created this perfect woman with his art . 
 and that 's what i want to do . 
 i want to make the perfect woman . '' 
 `` and you want ... me ? '' 
 luthor pauses in his flurried excitement , really looking at me , taking in my disheveled hair , wrinkled clothes , and sleep-encrusted eyes . 
 `` of course you , '' he says simply , and my heart fills with song . 
 i stand perfectly still in our little studio as luthor sketches me . 
 he wants to make the statue in a `` classical '' pose , as he says it , and he keeps telling me to rearrange my arms , or hunch my back more , or hold up one hand . '' 
 no , no , no , '' he says , frustrated . 
 i 'm not offended-he 's frustrated with my posing in the same way that i get frustrated with my voice when i ca n't reach a note . 
 `` like this . '' 
 he strides across the floor and pulls my arms down . 
 he runs both his hands down my arms , making my elbows straighten and pulling my hands slightly behind my hips . 
 i glance down at him ; he does n't see me as a person in this moment-i 'm not selene , i 'm a model . 
 luthor slips behind me , pushing one hand into my spine so my back curves inward , making my chest jut forward . 
 slowly , he walks around , inspecting me and my pose , stopping when he faces me . 
 `` up , '' he says gently , tapping my chin . 
 i lift my face toward the ceiling , the warm light from the high windows cascading down my cheeks . '' 
 perfect , '' he whispers . 
 `` you 're perfect . '' 
 i glance down at him , careful not to move my body or my face . 
 when he looks at me now , i know he 's seeing past my skin , into the very heart of who i am . 
 orion approves luthor 's design quickly , and if he thought there was something odd about his selection of me as a model , he does n't say anything . 
 after lunch , workers from the feeder level bring a huge pillar of brown clay , and luthor tells them to drop it right there , in the center of the floor , where the light from the windows hits it just right . 
 he brings in buckets of water and lays out his tools in a neat arc next to the clay . '' 
 we could go down to the pond with kayleigh and harley , '' i suggest . 
 luthor shakes his head , his attention focused on lining up each tool correctly . 
 they look almost like doc 's medical instruments : a dull-bladed knife , tiny needlelike picks , a scalpel . 
 `` i want to work here , '' luthor says . 
 `` with you . 
 alone . '' 
 as if on cue , victria barges into the studio . 
 `` so , '' she says loudly , her voice bouncing off the walls , `` this is where you two have been hiding . '' 
 bartie trails behind victria . 
 he carries his guitar on a strap across his shoulders , one hand unconsciously stroking the strings . '' 
 we 're working , '' luthor says pointedly . '' 
 so are we . 
 looking for inspiration and all that . '' 
 victria ignores him and heads straight over to me . 
 there 's something almost protective in her stance . 
 `` look for inspiration somewhere else , '' luthor growls , and i ca n't blame him . 
 he was just about to get started on the sculpture he 's planned for two weeks ; victria and bartie 's interruption could not have come at a worse time . 
 `` i need selene . '' 
 victria lifts one shoulder , as if she 's helpless in the face of her whimsical muse . '' 
 so do i. '' luthor has n't moved away from his clay , but his hands are motionless , his body stiff . 
 victria leans over . 
 `` you 've got a sketch . '' 
 her words are casual , but she touches my arm , pressing into my skin as if trying to convey a message to me through my flesh . 
 bartie shifts nervously by the door . '' 
 but i 'll still need her . '' 
 before the two of them can dissolve into a real fight , i speak up . 
 `` why do you need me , victria ? '' 
 `` i need a song . 
 music . '' 
 `` you have bartie . '' 
 i hope none of the others notice the bitterness in my voice . 
 she does have bartie , all of him , even if she does n't appear to want him the way i used to . '' 
 but i need singing . '' 
 `` yeah , '' bartie says , looking up for the first time . '' 
 you 're the siren , remember . 
 sing us a song that 'll make us want to drown . '' 
 victria and bartie chuckle at the jab , but luthor just scowls . 
 `` will you leave if she sings ? '' 
 he says . 
 victria hesitates , but bartie says , `` yes . '' '' 
 just get rid of them , '' luthor says , waving his hand as if he 's sacrificing something to let me sing . 
 `` i ... i do n't know what to sing , '' i say , suddenly shy . '' 
 sing one of the songs you 've been working on for orion 's project . '' 
 my hand moves unconsciously to the loose papers scattered on my makeshift desk . 
 `` they 're not ready . '' 
 victria rolls her eyes . 
 `` just sing . '' 
 and so i sing . 
 i start with a long note-a high e-and i hold it as long as i can , letting the strength of my voice lift the sound to the ceiling . 
 i tilt my head back and shut my eyes , letting myself forget about luthor and whatever it is about him that makes victria nervous , forget about the way bartie 's presence fills me with regret , forget everything but the sound . 
 i hold the note until my breath gives out , and i collapse a little on myself as i suck in more air , but i do n't open my eyes . 
 i know the notes i want , the words that will go with them . 
 i start softly , a contrast to the opening of the song . 
 i sing of being afraid , and of finding friendship . 
 of love and longing . 
 very softly , bartie picks up the tune , adding simple chords in key with my voice . 
 his guitar sounds hesitant at first , but as my voice rises , the chords grow stronger . 
 my voice falters a bit , a little sad at the way we can make such beautiful music together , despite the fact that bartie will never love me the way i had wanted him to . 
 then i glance at luthor , and my song surges in my throat . 
 i sing about the ocean i 've never seen in real life . 
 i sing about loneliness . 
 i make the siren into something sympathetic . 
 she does n't mean to kill what she loves . 
 she just ca n't help it . 
 silence wraps around me , and i fill it with my voice . 
 i sing of everything that 's wrong , and everything that 's right , of hope and death . 
 i sing of infinite wonder , of how everything must end . 
 when i open my eyes , my chest is heaving , my head thrown back , my arms cast behind me . 
 i 've unconsciously formed myself into luthor 's pygmalion tribute . 
 and even though i sang a love song , my eyes go not to bartie , who stills his guitar string with one shaking hand , but to luthor , who 's snatched up his notebook and is resketching me , trying to capture the moment of my singing onto paper so he can carve it out of clay . 
 `` thanks , '' victria whispers . '' 
 was that what you were looking for ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there 's a sheen of sweat on my brow . 
 `` yeah , '' she says slowly . 
 `` i 'm not finished . '' 
 i 'm suddenly self conscious , aware of the way my voice cracked in the second verse , the cluttered lyrics i rushed through in the third . 
 `` i mean , i 'm still working on the lyrics and the rhythm . '' 
 `` it 's good . '' 
 `` it 's really sad , '' bartie says . 
 i laugh . 
 `` it 's not sad ! 
 it 's a love song ! '' 
 bartie stands , slinging his guitar onto his back . 
 `` love songs can still be sad . '' '' 
 come on , '' victria says , putting one hand on bartie 's elbow . 
 `` let 's leave these two alone to work . '' 
 she nods to me as she leaves , and although she still sidesteps around luthor and avoids his gaze , there must have been something in my song to make her know that he 's no threat and that our greatest focus now is on our art . 
 as if to prove it , luthor picks up a long-bladed tool and starts to saw at the clay . 
 `` i 've got the perfect idea , '' he says without stopping . 
 `` i know exactly how to make this work . '' 
 he glances up at me now . 
 `` but-would you mind singing while i sculpt ? 
 you could practice some more for your presentation . '' 
 i 'd intended to present orion with a series of songs , an entire opera , but i only had pieces of each song done here and there . 
 i hated to start singing something incomplete ; the love song was bad enough , but at least it was mostly done . 
 still , there 's something in the way luthor 's hands slide over the clay , in the silence of his work , that makes me want to fill the studio with music once more . 
 i open my mouth and sing . 
 luthor works fast , not breaking for meals . 
 the clay orion ordered is chemically produced not to dry completely until luthor applies a glaze to the outside , but the more he handles it , the more difficult it is to work with , becoming less pliable and more prone to crumbling . 
 i do n't even think about leaving . 
 how could i ? 
 still , my voice cracks and , despite drinking copious amounts of water , i slowly succumb to silence . 
 i 've done more work on my songs today than on any day of the previous two weeks , and i know that a large part of that is because luthor 's infectious need to sculpt has influenced my need to sing . 
 the gallery 's overhead lights click on when the solar lamp clicks off . 
 luthor growls at the change in light , but barely pauses . 
 i move behind him , inspecting the work he 's done . 
 the sculpture is beautiful , far more beautiful than me . 
 the clay version of me is smooth and lithe , more graceful in her stillness than i could ever be when i move . '' 
 can you - '' he starts , then gets distracted by his sculpture , smoothing down a ridge in the clay . 
 i watch as his hands run over the surface . 
 he must be nearly finished-the sculpture looks so real now , as if this perfect earthen copy of me will lift her feet up and step from the narrow base . 
 luthor 's hands move to her forehead , four fingers on each hand swirling across the sculpture 's brow , over her closed , delicate eyelids , along her cheeks , down the hollows of her neck , straining with a silent song , lingering on her collarbone and trailing , finally , finally , coming to rest on her clay br ** sts . 
 i take a shaky breath . 
 `` i like to make the lines smooth , '' luthor says , his attention still on his sculpture . 
 `` everything has to blend together . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i say , my voice softer than i 'd intended . 
 he pauses now , and turns to look at me . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' he says . 
 he lifts his mud-coated hands toward me , then stops . 
 i lean forward . 
 he touches me on my forehead , just as he touched his sculpture , and i close my eyes , pressing my face into his hand . 
 i ignore the clay he leaves on my skin , relishing the feel of his gentle finger trailing over my face , down my neck , across my collarbone ... but he stops . 
 i open my eyes . 
 he pulls me closer to him . 
 and the kiss we share makes me glad that i 'm not just an empty , clay girl . 
 <br/> orion nods to luthor , indicating that he should go next , but luthor shakes his head . 
 instead , victria begins reciting her poetry . 
 it 's not until bartie goes that i am able to draw my attention away from luthor 's too-short sculpture . 
 his music is hollow in the best possible way . 
 it speaks of longing and sorrow , and i want to fill it with my voice , but i do n't . 
 it 's better this way . 
 as his music fades , i step forward with my own . 
 i close my eyes and forget about everything and just sing . 
 and for that short moment , everything is right . 
 but then the moment disappears . 
 i open my eyes , and i 'm still here . 
 and so is luthor . 
 `` thank you , selene , '' orion says . 
 `` now , it 's your turn , luthor . '' 
 he does n't bother introducing his work . 
 instead , luthor steps up to his sculpture and in one swift motion rips the cloth off . 
 i gasp-the only sound in the silent gallery . 
 the sculpture is no longer faceless-it 's headless . 
 from the rough marks at the decimated remains of the neck , i can easily imagine him wrapping his fingers around the clay , carefully and precisely squeezing , squeezing , squeezing until the head simply popped right off . 
 from the neck down , the sculpture is beautiful-even more graceful and elegant than i 'd remembered . 
 there are cuticles etched in the fingernails , veins at the delicate wrists . 
 individual toes curl around the base , and the draping gown looks as if it is made of silk , not mud . 
 but from the neck up-nothing . '' 
 well . '' 
 orion 's voice cuts through the ringing silence . 
 `` this is quite ... illuminating , luthor . '' 
 luthor lets the sheet that had been covering his sculpture drop to the floor as he turns and storms out of the gallery . 
 even kayleigh and harley , as wrapped up as they are in each other , have noticed the way bartie and victria never leave my side . 
 their worry is palpable . '' 
 go to doc , '' harley finally says . 
 `` ripping the head off a sculpture of someone is loons . 
 maybe he can up luthor 's meds . '' 
 `` i do n't think the meds we take have anything to do with being loons , '' kayleigh says . 
 `` they just - '' `` this is n't the time for that , '' victria snaps . 
 i 'm surprised ; i 've never seen her be short with kayleigh before . 
 `` but harley 's right . 
 we should talk to doc . 
 or maybe even eldest ? '' 
 we let the weight of her words sink in before i say anything . 
 `` not eldest . 
 it 's just a creepy sculpture . 
 no reason to contact eldest . '' 
 although no one says anything , the tension in the room dissolves a bit now that i 've said to leave eldest out of it . '' 
 still-doc ? '' 
 bartie says . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's just a sculpture . '' 
 i ca n't sleep that night , which is why , when my door zips open , i 'm awake to see luthor standing in the doorway . 
 `` you were supposed to be asleep , '' he says . 
 `` you 're supposed to be in your own room , '' i snap back . 
 he shrugs and steps inside , letting the door zip closed behind him . 
 `` i did n't say you could come in ! '' 
 he just stands there . '' 
 get out ! '' 
 i say , my voice rising . 
 in two steps , he 's at my bed , his open hand covering my mouth . 
 i try to shout , but the sound is muffled . 
 he presses his weight against me , pushing me into my mattress . 
 i thrash around , but ca n't escape his grip . 
 `` you were supposed to be mine , '' he says . 
 his breath is hot , his pupils dilated . 
 i shake my head the best i can under his grip . 
 `` i do n't like to share . '' 
 his hand slips down . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about ! '' 
 i yell . 
 but his hand is n't letting me go-it 's just moving further down . 
 his other hand joins the first around my neck . 
 i am hyperaware of the situation . 
 i can feel each heavy thud of my heart growing stronger and faster . 
 i can feel each of his fingers around my throat , each pressing into my skin . 
 he 's not choking me ; he 's just making sure i know that he could . 
 unbidden and unwanted , an image of his sculpture comes into my mind : a perfect body with its head squeezed off . 
 my eyes burn . 
 `` do n't , '' i whisper , afraid to say more . 
 the word has to fight its way up my throat to my mouth . 
 `` i could , '' he says . 
 `` i could . 
 i can do whatever i want . '' '' 
 do n't , '' i plead . 
 `` you sing . 
 you become someone else when you sing-more beautiful , more perfect . '' 
 his index finger strokes the front of my throat , where my vocal chords are . '' 
 do n't sing for anyone else , '' he orders . 
 i nod my head-anything to make him go away . 
 his grip tightens around my neck , pushing me further into my mattress . 
 he lifts his right leg , and , without removing his hands from my throat , he climbs over me so that he 's straddling me in my own bed . 
 his full weight presses down against me . 
 tears leak from my eyes , dripping into my hair . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he whispers . 
 it is a very long time before he leaves , but when he finally does , a part of me has already died . 
 my back is uncomfortably straight in the blue plastic chair across from doc 's desk in his office . 
 he steeples his fingers as he looks at me . 
 `` but , '' he says in a carefully controlled voice , `` he did n't actually do anything ? '' 
 for answer , i remove the scarf around my neck . 
 ten long fingerprint-shaped bruises decorate my throat . '' 
 but-nothing else ? '' 
 doc shifts uncomfortably . '' 
 he threatened you , yes , i understand that , but he did n't actually ... ? '' '' 
 would it matter if he did ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my voice is raspy , a mixture of the gasping sobs that raked through my throat in the shower this morning and the pressure luthor exerted on my vocal chords as he - doc leans forward . 
 `` this is very serious , '' he says . 
 `` i think perhaps i should give luthor some hormone suppressants , at least until the season ... . '' '' 
 pills ? 
 you 're just going to give him pills ? '' '' 
 his , er , desire for you is n't entirely natural . 
 we can tamp down that desire , at least for a few years , until the season . '' 
 `` i 'm not just worried about his desire . '' 
 doc 's eyes drift lower , to the bruises on my neck . 
 `` i could bring eldest into this , '' he mutters , half to himself . 
 `` but the thing is ... '' '' what ? '' 
 my feeble voice cracks . 
 `` what is it ? 
 why are you trying to nicely say that luthor wo n't be punished for what he 's done to me ? '' '' 
 but if he did n't actually do anything - '' '' what do you want me to say ? '' 
 i stand up , my voice straining against my desire to shout . 
 `` that he held me down on the bed , even when i begged him to get up ? 
 that he crushed my throat until i could n't make a sound ? 
 that he laughed at me as i struggled against him ? '' 
 that he did things to me that i 'm too disgusted to even describe with words . 
 doc wo n't meet my eyes . 
 `` luthor is skilled in tactile and kinetic studies , '' he tells his neatly ordered desk . 
 `` he may be focused on creating sculptures now , but his skills could lead to an advancement in modular studies of the ship 's engines , or help increase efficiency in the city or through the floppy network ... '' `` and all i can do is sing , '' i croak . 
 i collapse back in the chair , hoping for doc to protest , but we both know it 's true . 
 there 's not much room for art on godspeed ; i 'm superfluous at best . 
 people like kayleigh or luthor will be able to find a productive way to contribute to the ship . 
 people like me or bartie will be able to do nothing more than provide some amusement for the real workers . 
 luthor 's more important than me , because his skills can aid the ship . 
 a song is nothing compared to productivity . 
 i laugh , a bitter , cracked sound damaged by luthor 's chokehold on me last night . 
 i ca n't even sing , not now . 
 one day-soon , if doc 's right-my vocal chords will heal . 
 but could i ever really sing again ? 
 if luthor says i can only ever sing for him , and he can do whatever he wants on this ship that values people based on what labor or skills they can provide , dare i ever make music ? 
 `` i 'll start luthor on hormone suppressants , '' doc says in the silence . 
 `` that should stop his ... urges . '' 
 but not his hands , his big , strong hands that choked the sound out of me , that popped the head off his sculpture , that held the razor-sharp scalpels he used to carve into clay , that he could use to carve into me . 
 8 . '' 
 we 'll protect you , '' victria says . 
 kayleigh , sitting on my bed , nods her head . 
 `` if doc wo n't protect you , we will . '' '' 
 what can you do ? '' 
 i ask with a feeble laugh . 
 kayleigh and victria exchange glances . 
 `` the boys will help , '' kayleigh says . 
 `` harley and bartie . '' 
 `` they do n't know me that well . '' 
 `` they 'll still help . '' 
 i can see it now : a lifetime where i 'm always watched by at least one of them . 
 before , i had thought of kayleigh as a sometime friend and victria as an occasional companion . 
 harley and bartie were always in the background of my mind . 
 but i know-i can see it in the earnest looks both girls are giving me-that here is a chance for me to become something more to them all . 
 not friend . 
 ward . 
 `` i ca n't ask that of you , of any of you , '' i say . 
 victria shakes her head . 
 `` we ca n't let that happen to you again . '' 
 she looks at my neck , but she ca n't see the wounds i 've hidden behind my clothes . 
 `` you ca n't protect me all day , every day . '' 
 `` you can move into my room , '' kayleigh says . '' 
 or mine , '' victria adds . 
 i stare out the window . '' 
 selene ? '' 
 kayleigh asks . 
 something in her voice draws my attention to her . 
 `` you forgot to take your pill , '' she says . 
 she holds out the little blue-and-white capsule that holds the drugs that keep me conscious , aware of the world . 
 i had n't forgotten it . '' 
 silly me , '' i mutter , taking the pill . 
 kayleigh watches me carefully as i put it on my tongue and pretend to swallow . 
 but i do n't . 
 after a while , i plead a headache , and the two girls leave . 
 they do n't go far ; i can hear them talking , guarding my room . 
 they shout at luthor when he gets too close ; i can hear him denying their accusations , their voices raising until doc comes out and silences everyone . 
 i spit the blue-and-white pill out of my mouth and into the toilet , then flush it away . 
 kayleigh said the pills made you nothing , and nothing seems like a pretty good thing to be right now . 
 someone knocks on my door . 
 i know it ca n't be luthor-he does n't knock . 
 doc stands on the other side . 
 `` i 've sent your little guards to their rooms , '' he says . 
 then his harsh expression melts . 
 `` i 've also posted a guard-a real guard-at luthor 's room . 
 i do n't want you to feel threatened . '' 
 but i do . 
 guard or no . 
 because eventually , in a few days or weeks or even a whole month , the guard will go away . 
 and i still wo n't have a lock on my door . 
 and luthor wo n't have forgotten . 
 you can never escape from me . 
 those were the last words he said to me , just before he left my room that night . 
 but in the end , it 's remarkably easy to escape . 
 as i walk past the common room , i can see the way things will one day be . 
 kayleigh is snuggled into harley 's arm on the couch by the window-their love will grow and spread and be everything they want . 
 bartie plays a song for victria . 
 victria may or may not fall for the guitar player , but their friendship wo n't fade . 
 they are an idyllic vision of what i once wanted in my life . 
 in the corner , watched closely by doc , is luthor . 
 he stares at me , eyes narrowed , as i cross the room . 
 he blames me for the close watch he 's been under these past few weeks , the additional pills . 
 he has n't forgotten . 
 but i almost have . 
 i take the elevator down to the lobby , then stroll down the path that leads from the hospital to the recorder hall . 
 i think about going into the hall , maybe seeing the sculpture one last time , but the idea does n't create an urge in me to make the effort to continue up the stairs . 
 orion stands in the doorway . 
 he starts to talk to me , but then he frowns as i pass by . 
 the path bleeds into the road that leads deeper into the feeder level . 
 i know where i 'm going-i 've already talked about this with doc , who got permission from eldest for my reassignment . 
 kayleigh was right . 
 without the pills , you really do feel nothing . 
 and nothing can be nice . 
 i open my palm , letting my last blue-and-white pill drop heedlessly to the ground . 
 i stand at the fence , staring down at the large rabbits used for meat on the ship . 
 this is my new job . 
 not songs . 
 rabbits . 
 i glance back once . 
 luthor will forget about me . 
 he wanted my music , but empty people do n't sing . 
 i 'll stay here . 
 i will care for the rabbits . 
 i will let myself become a nothing , and then luthor wo n't want me , because there will be nothing to want . 
 it took several days before i felt the fear fade . 
 i did n't know that everything else would fade too . 
 but it 's nice to be without the fear . 
 without the sad . 
 in the end , it did n't seem like such a big price to pay . 
 my songs , in exchange for nothing . 
 nothing is nice . 
 empty is good . 
 i cross over the fence . 
 the rabbits hop . 
 up and down . 
 ears twitch . 
 i will be this girl , the girl who cares for the rabbits . 
 luthor took my music when he took everything else from me that night . 
 what does it matter to me if i let the emptiness fill my shell ? 
 9 . 
 the day i die i hum a song . 
 i do that sometimes . 
 hum . 
 i like sounds . '' 
 hello , selene , '' a deep male voice says from the fence of the rabbit fields . 
 i stop humming . '' 
 do you remember me ? '' 
 the man asks . 
 `` you 're luthor , '' i say . 
 luthor nods . 
 `` i told you before , call me luthe . 
 all my friends do . '' 
 but ... i do n't think he is a friend . 
 the fence around the rabbit field is nothing but chicken wire . 
 he crumples it and shoves it away as easily as if it were made of paper . '' 
 selene , '' he says . 
 i like sounds , but i do n't like the way my name snarls around his lips . 
 `` you were always my perfect girl , '' he says softly . 
 the rabbits scurry out of his way as he walks slowly toward me . 
 runrunrunrunrunrunrunrunrun . 
 my mind screams at me , but my body does n't move . 
 everything is dull around me . 
 a splintered memory jabs into my brain , trying to spark life into me , but everything is slow and steady . 
 i can hear my heartbeat in my ears , a dull , normal beat . . . 
 beat ... beat . 
 not the panicked racing of the rabbit 's heartbeat when i hold it down . 
 but i feel like a rabbit , one selected for slaughter . 
 luthor touches the side of my face , runs his fingers down my cheek , tucks a strand of hair behind my ear . '' 
 sing for me , '' he says . '' 
 singing is n't productive , '' i say . 
 but i do sing , sometimes . 
 or hum . 
 i like sounds . 
 the rabbits like sounds . 
 sometimes we sing together . 
 but i do n't want to sing for him . 
 luthor 's hands slip down my neck , his fingers pressing slightly against my throat . 
 `` sing , '' he commands . 
 my mouth opens , my body automatically ready to obey the command . 
 but there is something inside me that silences my voice . 
 i will not give him what he wants , this rebel inside me whispers . 
 i do not sing . 
 luthor 's grip on my neck tightens , and he pushes me down , first to my knees , then to my back . 
 `` you are mine , '' he growls . 
 `` if i ca n't have her , i will take you . '' 
 my body does n't protest . 
 it has been trained by years of drugs and acquiescence . 
 i shut my eyes . 
 `` you 're more like clay now than you were before . '' 
 i open my eyes . 
 luthor is grinning . 
 `` in the story , pygmalion turned his girl of clay into a human . 
 but i have turned a human into a girl of clay . 
 and that is , by far , the better option . '' 
 i open my mouth . 
 and i sing then . 
 not the song luthor wants . 
 i sing for myself , a dirge , a mournful wail . 
 i sing-i scream-until luthor 's hands around my throat silence me . 
 and i die . 
 but at least i die in song . 
