 i. departure the phone rings at an ungodly hour . 
 elijah looks at the blur of his clock as he reaches for the sound . 
 eleven in the morning on a saturday . 
 who can be calling him at eleven in the morning on a saturday ? 
 cal , his best friend , stirs from somewhere on the floor . 
 elijah picks up the phone and murmurs a greeting . 
 `` oh goodness , did i wake you ? '' 
 elijah 's mother asks , her voice so much louder than the dream he 'd been having . 
 `` no , no , '' he says , disguising his own voice to sound awake . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` good , because i have some great news for you . 
 ... '' his mother is talking about italy and elijah 's brother danny and luxury accommodations . 
 he thinks his brother has won a prize on a game show or something . 
 cal starts hitting his sneaker like it 's a snooze button . 
 he tells her to go back to sleep . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 his mother asks . 
 `` will you go ? '' 
 `` does danny want me to go ? '' 
 elijah doubts highly that danny wants him to go . 
 `` of course he does . '' 
 elijah still doubts that danny wants him to go . 
 cal is awake now , rubbing her eyes . 
 elijah 's boarding school frowns on having overnight guests , but elijah does n't really care if it frowns . 
 elijah covers the receiver and whispers to cal , `` it 's my mom . 
 i think she wants to know if i want to go to italy with my brother . '' 
 cal shrugs , then nods . 
 that 's enough for elijah . 
 `` sure , mom , '' he says . 
 `` and thanks . '' 
 elijah always says thank you , and oftentimes says please . 
 `` you 're such a relic , '' cal will taunt him playfully . 
 `` thank you , '' elijah will reply . 
 elijah learned quickly that saying thank you garners a variety of reactions . 
 some people -lrb- like his brother -rrb- ca n't handle it . 
 other people -lrb- like cal -rrb- are amused . 
 most people are impressed , whether consciously or not . 
 he 'll be offered the last slice of pizza , or the last hit from the bong . 
 `` you 're a relic , not a saint , '' cal will continue , dragging him to the next party , parties called gatherings , dances called raves . 
 where she leads , he will follow . 
 she tousles his blond-brown hair and buys him blue sunglasses . 
 he playfully disapproves of her random boyfriends and girlfriends , and gives her flowers for no reason . 
 they smoke pot , but not cigarettes . 
 at the end of most parties , they can be found woozily collecting cans and bottles for the recycling bin . 
 elijah had planned to spend the summer hanging out with cal and their other friends in providence . 
 at first , his parents were n't too thrilled about the idea . 
 -lrb- `` hang out ? '' 
 his mother said . 
 `` sweetheart , laundry hangs out . '' -rrb- 
 now he 's being sent to italy for nine days . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you , '' cal says a few nights before elijah is scheduled to leave . 
 they are walking home from a midnight movie at the avon . 
 the june night is warm and cool , as only june nights can be . 
 the air is scored by the faint whir of cars passing elsewhere . 
 elijah inhales deeply and takes hold of cal 's hand . 
 her hair-dyed raven black - flutters despite itself . 
 `` i love it here , '' elijah says . 
 he is not afraid to say it . 
 `` i love it here , this moment , everything . '' 
 he stops looking at the sky and turns to cal . 
 `` thank you , '' he whispers . 
 cal holds his hand tighter . 
 they walk together in silence . 
 when they get back to school , they find four of their friends on the common room 's lime-green couch . 
 mindy , ivan , laurie , and sue are playing spin the bottle-just to be playful , just to be kissed . 
 the moment shifts ; elijah is still happy , but it 's a different happiness . 
 a daylight happiness , a lightbulb happiness . 
 cal arches her eyebrow , elijah laughs , and together they join the game . 
 elijah is the first to grow unconquerably tired , the first to call it a night . 
 cal is still laughing , changing the cd , flirting with the lava lamp . 
 elijah says his good-nights and is given good-nights in return . 
 the world already misfocusing , he makes his way to bed . 
 ten minutes later , there are two knocks from the hallway . 
 the door opens and cal appears , brightness behind her . 
 it is time for their ritual , their nightly ritual , which elijah thought cal had forgotten . 
 sometimes she does , and that 's okay . 
 but tonight she is in the room . 
 elijah moves over in his bed and cal lies down beside him . 
 `` do you wonder ... ? '' 
 she begins . 
 this is their game-do you wonder ? 
 every night-every night when it 's possible-the last thing to be heard is the asking without answer . 
 they stare at the glow-in-the-dark planets on the ceiling , or turn sideways to trace each other 's blue-black outlines , trying to detect the shimmer of silver as they speak . 
 this night , cal asks , `` do you wonder if we 'll ever learn to sleep with our eyes open ? '' 
 and in return , elijah asks , `` do you think there can be such a thing as too much happiness ? '' 
 this is elijah 's favorite time . 
 he rarely knows what he is going to say , and then suddenly it 's there . 
 above them . 
 lifting . 
 a few minutes pass . 
 cal sits up and puts her hand on elijah 's shoulder . 
 `` good night , sleep tight , '' she whispers . 
 `` do n't let the bedbugs bite , '' he chimes , nestling deeper under the covers . 
 cal smiles and returns to the party . 
 elijah rearranges his pillows and fits himself within the sheets . 
 and as he does , he wonders . 
 he wonders about goldfish asleep with their eyes open . 
 he wonders about italy , about his parents , about whether the stars will be brighter in venice . 
 he hears voices at a distance , the lively sound of voices from the common room . 
 like the spots of color whenever he closes his eyes . 
 he closes his eyes . 
 he thinks about what a wonderful friend cal is . 
 how lucky he is to have such friends , all of his friends . 
 he is happy . 
 he is almost empty with happiness ... as elijah `` hangs out '' for the summer , as he smokes and dopes and lazes and does who knows what else -lrb- according to his brother -rrb- , danny toils and roils away at gladner , gladner , smith and jones . 
 the two senior gladners -lrb- of no relation-they sat next to each other at harvard business school -rrb- have taken danny under their wingtips . 
 their secretary saves him a seat in the boardroom and provides him with an ample supply of mark cross pens . 
 he walks the halls with a boy-wonder halo , the recipient of enough gratitude to deflect all but the pettiest begrudgements . 
 he is twenty-three years old . 
 people at work pay attention to danny silver because he single-thoughtedly saved the miss jane 's homemade petite snack cakes account -lrb- gladner , gladner 's largest -rrb- . 
 danny specializes in crisis control , and the crisis faced by miss jane 's was a doozy : a bored and crusading washington post reporter discovered that the neon-pink frosting on miss jane 's most popular snack cake -lrb- `` the divine '' -rrb- was made with the same ingredients as the nation 's bestselling lipstick -lrb- `` pink nightshade '' -rrb- . 
 consumers were not pleased . 
 miss jane 's stock plummeted ; the company 's profits seemed poised to go the way of a dung-coated twinkie . 
 enter danny silver . 
 -lrb- imagine this to be a grand entrance - the boardroom door opens , miss jane 's directors all turn in unison to see their fair-haired savior . 
 in truth , danny silver first appeared to the cupcake conspirators via e-mail , and his hair is n't fair . 
 but the effect was the same . -rrb- 
 while others advised refusal and rebuttal , danny suggested humility and humor . 
 a press conference was announced , during which the company president expressed shock and dismay , and pledged an overhaul of the divine , wherein the frosting would be made from purely organic sources . 
 he also made clear that the rest of the snack cakes in the miss jane 's family were `` one hundred percent cosmetic-free . '' 
 as soon as danny heard the reporters laugh with this , he knew everything would be okay . 
 but okay was n't good enough . 
 the company had to emerge triumphant . 
 in a mere thirty-nine hours , danny had come up with his masterstroke . 
 it came to him as he paced his upper east side apartment , throwing clothes into the hamper , figuring out which kind of pasta to boil for dinner . 
 -lrb- he loves to tell this story ; it 's one of his best stories . -rrb- 
 as danny paced , he thought of cakes , cream fillings , cafeterias , and childhood . 
 the idea appeared . 
 it wove itself brilliantly within him . 
 he did not hesitate . 
 he called jones , who called smith , who paged gladner , who woke up gladner at his girlfriend 's apartment in the village . 
 three hours later , the bigwigs gathered-a war room-as danny bounced among them . 
 a conference call was placed to `` miss jane '' -lrb- aka arthur swindland , 61 , renowned throughout the world for his collection of celebrity polo sticks -rrb- . 
 a scant two weeks later , america and europe witnessed miss jane 's first annual bake sale . 
 -lrb- the rest of the world would continue to eat lipstick frosting . -rrb- 
 miss jane 's employees and certain grandmothers-for-hire set up tables in supermarkets across the land , all selling snack cakes . 
 the profits would go to the newly formed miss jane 's homemade petite snack cake center for world peace . 
 katie couric herself bought a snack cake on live television . 
 oprah invited miss jane to be her guest on a program stressing `` corporate responsibility in the kinder , gentler age . '' 
 -lrb- when mrs. silver saw this show , she knew her son had arrived . 
 making corporate billions was one thing-but to be on oprah ! 
 was true accomplishment . 
 elijah did n't bother to watch . -rrb- 
 miss jane -lrb- nee mr. swindland -rrb- was so impressed with danny that he earmarked .01 % of the mjhpsccwp 's profits to the charity of danny 's choice . 
 -lrb- the rest would be distributed to shriners organizations around the world . -rrb- 
 as his star rises , danny finds himself working longer and longer hours . 
 by the time he leaves the office , the wastebaskets have been emptied and the floors have been vacuumed . 
 he has begun to forget what his apartment looks like . 
 -lrb- his friends might say the same about him . -rrb- 
 gladner and gladner -lrb- both devotees of ted newness , the management guru -rrb- tell danny they will give him a raise-as long as he takes a vacation in the month of july . 
 three days later , mrs. silver calls with her offer . 
 danny silver does n't doubt for a second that he 's being tricked into taking a trip to italy . 
 `` it 's all prepaid , '' his mother proclaims . 
 `` i know this is such short notice . 
 but i just do n't think that your father can go . 
 italy is n't a place for sitting . 
 and his leg-well , you know your fa-ther 's leg . 
 we had hoped it would be okay by now . 
 but who can know such things ? '' 
 danny 's father is fine . 
 the day before , he played eighteen holes of golf . 
 `` how are you feeling , pop ? '' 
 danny asks once his mother has passed over the phone . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 the leg 's been acting up . '' 
 `` but you were playing golf yesterday . '' 
 `` yes , yes , yes . 
 i must have overextended myself . 
 a damn shame . 
 about italy , i mean . 
 but mom tells me you and elijah are going to go ... '' aha , danny thinks . 
 the hitch . 
 there is a whisper and a shuffling noise as mrs. silver takes back the phone . 
 `` i know , i know , '' danny 's mom says as her husband recedes to the couch . 
 `` i had n't mentioned that part . 
 but it 's only fair . 
 we have two tickets . 
 two sons . 
 and it 's prepaid . 
 nonrefundable . 
 your father ca n't go . 
 so i ca n't go . '' 
 `` ask the himmelfarbs , '' danny offers . 
 `` they 're your best friends , after all . '' 
 `` the himmelfarbs ? 
 do you know how much this trip costs ? '' 
 mrs. silver takes a deep breath . 
 `` no . 
 you and elijah should take the tickets . 
 it 's a week . 
 nine days . '' 
 nine days with elijah . 
 nine days with quiet boy , mr. virtue , boy misunderstood . 
 elijah , who never seemed to change . 
 not since he was ten or so and started to grow quiet . 
 his mind seems to be working on two levels at once-pass the salt and contemplate the pureness of the clouds.he is always dazed , and he is always kind . 
 faultlessly kind . 
 danny ca n't stand it . 
 `` have you asked elijah how he feels about this ? '' 
 danny is hoping that elijah might still say no . 
 since elijah is still in high school and danny is in the working world , the two of them rarely have to see each other . 
 `` yes , '' his mother replies . 
 `` he thinks it 's a great idea . '' 
 danny can hear his father chuckle in the background . 
 he can imagine his father giving his mother a thumbs-up sign and his mother smiling . 
 prepaid . 
 no refunds . 
 his mother continues . 
 `` it 's over the week of july fourth . 
 you 'd only have to take six days off from work . 
 and you have n't been anywhere this year . '' 
 `` okay , okay , okay , '' danny relents . 
 he wonders if it counts as being tricked if he knows what 's really going on . 
 `` you 'll go ? '' 
 danny smiles . 
 `` there is nothing in the world i would rather do . '' 
 there is still a chance that elijah will back out ... but no . 
 at one in the morning the night before departure , danny wakes up with a start . 
 he has n't talked to elijah since their mother made the offer . 
 he should have talked to him , and has tried to , but whenever he 's called , someone else has answered . 
 probably some pothead incapable of taking a message . 
 danny wants to be well-fodored and well-frommered by the time he sets down on italian soil . 
 but what will elijah want to do ? 
 what does elijah normally do ? 
 i 'll have to talk to him . 
 for a week . 
 nine days . 
 but about what ? 
 how 's life ? 
 -lrb- two-minute answer . -rrb- 
 how 's school ? 
 -lrb- five minutes , tops . -rrb- 
 how 's life with the dope fiends ? 
 -lrb- maybe not a minute-maybe just a look . -rrb- 
 what do you want to do today ? 
 -lrb- that one could stretch out-maybe twenty minutes each day , depending on the repetition of shrugs . -rrb- 
 so is n't this a fine mess we 're in ? 
 -lrb- rhetorical-no help . -rrb- 
 danny gets out of bed , switches on the light , and squints . 
 he counts his traveler 's checks ; he 's bringing extra spending money , assuming elijah wo n't have any . 
 he takes out the list of gifts he has to buy , makes sure it 's in his wallet , and makes sure his wallet is on the bureau by the keys . 
 he knows he is missing something . 
 he is always missing something . 
 he can never get past the first step of finding it , which is knowing what it is . 
 he stays up most of the night , doing things like this . 
 he does n't want to forget anything . 
 and , more than that , he wants to think of something to say . 
 seven years apart . 
 danny can remember the moment his father called to say elijah had been born . 
 elijah ca n't picture danny younger than ten , except from the photographs that hung around the house long after danny left for college . 
 they never had to share a room , except when they went down to the shore . 
 spending the day by the pool , broken by stretches of playing on the beach . 
 danny was the master builder of sandcastles , elijah his ready first assistant . 
 no two castles were the same , and in that way no two days were ever the same . 
 one day would bring the empire state building , the next a dragon . 
 danny always sketched it first on the surface of the beach . 
 then elijah dug , providing sand and more sand and more more sand until he hit the water beneath and had to move a little bit over to start again . 
 as danny created windows out of popsicle sticks and towers out of turned-over buckets , elijah would wander wide to collect shells . 
 sometimes the shells would be decoration , and other times they would become the residents of the castle . 
 extended shell families , each with a name and a story . 
 as danny dipped his hand in water to pat the walls smooth , elijah would explain what went on inside , making the shape and the hour more real than danny could have ever made alone . 
 there would always be extra shells , and at night elijah would line them up on the dresser , sometimes according to size , sometimes according to color . 
 then he would crawl into his bed and danny would crawl only two feet away into his own bed . 
 from there , danny would read elijah a story . 
 whatever older-kid books danny was reading-narnia being chronicled , time being wrinkled-he would send through the stillness to his brother . 
 this was supposed to put elijah to sleep , but it never did . 
 he always wanted to find out where his brother would take him next . 
 cal drives elijah down from providence in her bitchin ' camaro . 
 it was buck-naked white until she and elijah covered it with the primary-color handprints of all their friends . 
 it 's a 1979 model , the transmission is crap , and it goes from 0 to 60 in just under four minutes . 
 but , man , once it gets to 60 ! 
 the camaro is , joyously , a convertible . 
 cal and elijah zoom down i-95 , blasting pop from the year of the car 's birth , swerving from lane to lane . 
 when they can hear each other over the wind and the music , they speak connecticut : i will not stamford this type of behavior . 
 what 's groton into you ? 
 what did danbury his hartford ? 
 new haven can wait . 
 darie n't no place i 'd rather be . 
 as they reach the new york state line , elijah feels the urge to turn back . 
 he ca n't pinpoint why . 
 it seems the wrong time to be leaving . 
 he does n't want to step out of the present , this present . 
 because once he does , there will be college applications and college acceptances -lrb- just one will do -rrb- and the last of everything -lrb- last class , last party , last night , last day , last goodbye -rrb- , and then the world will change forever and he will go to college and eventually become an adult . 
 that is not what he wants . 
 he does not want those complications , that change . 
 not now . 
 he tells himself to get a grip . 
 cal is driving him forward . 
 cal and everyone else will be here when he returns . 
 it 's like he 's traveling into another dimension . 
 time here will stop . 
 because he is entering family standard time . 
 none of it will carry over to cal , to the camaro , to the state of connecticut . 
 he will go with his brother . 
 he will have a good time . 
 life will be waiting for him when he gets back . 
 not a bad deal . 
 elijah smiles at cal . 
 but cal is n't looking . 
 then she turns to him as if she knows . 
 she smiles back and blasts the music louder . 
 danny 's mother drives him . 
 he lives in new york city . 
 therefore , he does n't have a car of his own . 
 when he wants to travel far , he signs out a company car . 
 but this time , his mother wo n't hear of it . 
 those are her exact words - `` i wo n't hear of it '' - as if it 's news of an ignoble death . 
 `` just be nice to him , '' his mother is saying now . 
 he 's heard this before . 
 just be nice to him . 
 he heard it after he dared elijah to poke the hanger in the socket . 
 after he put glue in elijah 's socks , telling him it was foot lotion . 
 after he turned off the hot water while elijah was in the shower . 
 for the fifth time . 
 elijah could have retaliated . 
 but he never even tattled . 
 elijah has always taken his mother 's words to heart . 
 elijah can just be nice . 
 sometimes , danny thinks this is all elijah can be . 
 `` i mean it , '' his mother stresses . 
 then her tone shifts and danny thinks , yes , she does mean it . 
 `` i worry about you . '' 
 she looks straight ahead while turning the radio down . 
 danny thinks it remarkable that she still does n't look old . 
 `` really , i do worry about you . 
 i worry about you both , and that you wo n't have each other . 
 there are n't many times that i wish you were younger . 
 but when i remember the way the two of you would get along-you cared about him so much . 
 when he was a baby , you were always feeling his head and coming to me and saying he had a fever . 
 or you 'd wake us up , worrying he 'd been kidnapped . 
 all night , i had to reassure you that he was okay . 
 staying up with the older son instead of the baby . 
 but it was worth it . 
 in the middle of the night , when you could n't sleep , you 'd beg me to take you to eli 's room . 
 and when i did , you would sing to him . 
 he was already asleep , and still you wanted to sing him a lullaby . 
 i would whisper with you . 
 it was so wonderful , even if it was three in the morning . 
 for a few years after , you watched over him . 
 and then something happened . 
 and i wish i knew what it was . 
 because i 'd undo it in a second . '' 
 `` but , mom - '' `` do n't interrupt . '' 
 she holds up her hand . 
 `` you know it 's important to your father . 
 it 's important to me . 
 it 's also important to you . 
 i do n't think you realize it yet . 
 you both can be so nice and so smart and so generous . 
 i just do n't understand why you ca n't be that way with each other . '' 
 danny wants to say something to assure his mother . 
 he wants to tell her he loves elijah , but he 's afraid it wo n't sound convincing . 
 so they remain silent . 
 eventually , danny turns the radio up a little and mrs. silver shifts lanes to make the airport turnoff . 
 she asks danny if he 's remembered his traveler 's checks , his passport , his guidebooks . 
 `` of course i remembered them , '' danny responds . 
 `` i 'm your son , after all . '' 
 that gets a smile . 
 and danny is happy , because even if he ca n't do anything else right , at least he can still make his mother smile . 
 cal does n't want to stay for the silver family reunion . 
 after she speeds away in the bitchin ' camaro , elijah waves goodbye for a full minute before entering the airport . 
 he finds his mother and brother easily enough . 
 `` so where 's your girlfriend ? '' 
 danny asks as mrs. silver hugs elijah tightly . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . '' 
 `` so where is she ? '' 
 danny is wearing a suit . 
 for the airplane . 
 `` she had to go . '' 
 elijah ca n't stand still . 
 his sneakers keep squeaking on the linoleum . 
 he does n't know whether it 's the suit that makes danny look old or whether it 's just life . 
 he is filling out , as their mother would say , as if the outline of his adult self was always there , waiting . 
 elijah thinks this is scary . 
 `` i brought you danish , '' mrs. silver says , handing elijah a white box tied with bakery string . 
 `` you 're the greatest , '' elijah announces . 
 and he means it . 
 because he knows the bakery , he can see his mother holding the number in her hand , hoping against hope that they 'll have blueberry , because that 's his favorite . 
 mrs. silver blushes . 
 danny gazes intently at a newsstand . 
 `` i need to buy gum , '' he says . 
 `` oh , i have gum . '' 
 mrs. silver 's purse is opened in a flash . 
 `` yeah , sugarless . 
 i do n't want sugarless . 
 i 'll just go get some juicy fruit , okay ? '' 
 `` oh , '' mrs. silver sighs . 
 `` do you need money ? '' 
 danny smiles . 
 `` i think i can afford a pack of gum , mom . '' 
 then he 's off , dropping his bag at elijah 's feet . 
 `` i 'll take some trident , '' elijah offers . 
 mrs. silver rummages again and unearths a blue pack and a green pack . 
 `` sorry , no red , '' she says with a smile as she hands the gum over . 
 `` no problem . 
 thanks . '' 
 elijah tucks the gum into his pocket . 
 he does n't like either blue or green , but he does n't mind taking it . 
 someone else on the plane might want some . 
 while danny buys his gum -lrb- and newspapers and advil and a hardcover legal thriller -rrb- , elijah asks about his father 's leg , and she tells him it 's getting better . 
 he thanks her again for the trip-he is sure it 's going to be great , there are so many things he wants to see . 
 she thinks his hair is a little too long , but does n't say anything . 
 -lrb- the telltale look at his collar gives her away . -rrb- 
 `` so are we ready ? '' 
 danny is back . 
 `` ready as we 'll never be , '' elijah replies . 
 danny 's tie is caught in his shoulder-bag strap . 
 elijah is inordinately pleased by this . 
 there 's an issue that has to be resolved immediately . 
 danny , bearer of the tickets , brings it up as soon as he and elijah are through security . 
 `` so , '' he asks , `` do you want the window seat or the middle seat ? '' 
 `` up to you . '' 
 of course . 
 danny knew this was going to happen . 
 clearly , the window seat is preferable to the middle seat . 
 and politeness decrees that whoever chooses first will have to choose the middle seat . 
 elijah must know this . 
 typical elijah . 
 he seems so kind . 
 but really , he is passive-aggressive . 
 -lrb- `` why ca n't you be more like your brother ? '' 
 his parents would ask when he was seventeen . 
 `` because he 's ten ! '' 
 danny would shout before slamming his door closed . -rrb- 
 `` you do n't have any preference ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` none whatsoever ? '' 
 elijah shrugs . 
 `` whatever you want . 
 i 'm just going to sleep . '' 
 `` but would n't it be easier for you to have the window seat , then ? '' 
 danny continues , a little too urgently . 
 `` it 's no big deal . 
 i 'll take the middle seat if you want me to . '' 
 great . 
 now elijah is the martyr . 
 danny ca n't stand it when elijah plays the martyr . 
 but if it gets him the window seat ... `` fine . 
 you can have the middle seat . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 at the gate , they have to cool their heels for almost an hour . 
 danny is bothered despite his desire not to be bothered . 
 -lrb- it bothers him even more to be bothered against his will . -rrb- 
 elijah reads a british music magazine and listens to his headphones . 
 because elijah slumps in his seat , danny does n't realize they 're now the same height . 
 all he notices is elijah 's ragged haircut , the small silver hoop piercing the top of his earlobe . 
 danny tries to read the book he bought , but it does n't work.he is too distracted.not only because he 's bothered.he is slowly crossing over . 
 he is realizing for the first time that , yes , he is about to go to italy . 
 every trip has this time-the shift into happening . 
 before things can go badly or go well , there is always the first moment when expectation turns to now . 
 danny relaxes a little . 
 he puts away his book and takes out his fodor 's venice . 
 minutes later , there is a call for boarding . 
 danny gathers his things for pre-boarding . 
 elijah pointedly makes them wait until their row is called . 
 `` you 're sure you do n't want the window seat ? '' 
 danny asks as they walk the ramp to the plane . 
 `` not unless you want the middle seat , '' elijah answers . 
 danny waves the subject away . 
 elijah charms the flight crew from the get-go . 
 he asks the flight attendants how they are doing . 
 he looks at the cockpit with such awe that the pilot smiles . 
 danny maneuvers elijah to their seats , then has to get up again to find overhead compartment space -lrb- the rest of the row illegally pre-boarded -rrb- . 
 once they settle into their seats , danny expects elijah to strike up a conversation with his aisle-seat neighbor . 
 but elijah keeps a respectful distance . 
 he says hello . 
 he tells his neighbor to let him know if his music gets too loud . 
 and then he puts on his headphones , even though he 's supposed to wait . 
 danny offers elijah a guidebook . 
 elijah says he 'll look at it later . 
 danny does n't want elijah to wait until the last minute -lrb- so predictable -rrb- , but does n't bother to say anything . 
 he just sits back and prepares for the flight . 
 he is ready for takeoff . 
 he loves takeoff . 
 takeoff is precisely the thing he wants his life to be . 
 as the plane lifts , danny sees that his brother 's teeth are clenched . 
 elijah 's fingers grip at his shirt , twisting it . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 danny asks as the plane bumps a little . 
 elijah opens his eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he says , his face deathly pale . 
 then he shuts his eyes again and makes his music louder . 
 danny stares at his brother for a moment , then closes his own eyes . 
 fodor 's can wait for a few minutes . 
 right now , all danny wants to do is rise . 
 elijah tries to translate the music into pictures . 
 he tries to translate the music into thoughts . 
 the plane is rising . 
 elijah is falling . 
 he is seeing himself falling . 
 he is blasting his music and still thinking that the whole concept of flying in an airplane is ridiculous . 
 like riding an aluminum toilet paper roll into outer space . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 the music is n't translating . 
 new order can not give him order . 
 the bizarre love triangle is falling falling falling into the bermuda triangle . 
 enough . 
 this will have to be enough . 
 the takeoff is almost over . 
 the plane is flying steadily . 
 elijah inhales . 
 he feels like he 's gone an hour without breathing . 
 danny has n't noticed . 
 danny is in guidebook country . 
 danny does n't think twice about flying . 
 he does n't think twice about elijah , really . 
 and if the plane were to crash ... elijah thinks about those final seconds . 
 it could be as long as a minute , he 's heard . 
 what would he and danny have to say to each other ? 
 would everything suddenly be all right ? 
 elijah thinks it might be , and that gives him a strange , momentary hope . 
 really , cal would be a better doomsday companion . 
 but danny might do . 
 imagining this scenario makes it okay . 
 elijah is okay as long as he can picture the wreck . 
 the captain turns off the fasten-seat-belt light . 
 danny unfastens his , even though he does n't have to get up . 
 elijah leaves his on . 
 there is a tap on his shoulder . 
 not danny . 
 the other side . 
 `` excuse me , '' the woman next to him is saying . 
 he takes the headphones off his ears , to be polite . 
 `` oh , '' the woman says , `` you did n't have to do that . 
 i have nothing against new order , but it was getting a little loud , and you said to let you know ... '' she trails off . 
 `` you like new order ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 the conversation begins . 
 elijah loves the conversation . 
 whatever conversation . 
 the tentative first steps . 
 the shyness . 
 wondering whether it 's going to happen and where it will go . 
 he hates surface talk . 
 he wants to dive right through it . 
 with anyone . 
 because anyone he talks to seems to have something worthwhile to say . 
 the first steps are always the most awkward ; he can tell almost immediately whether the surface is water or ice . 
 the dancing of the eyes-are we going to have this conversation or not ? 
 the first words-the common ground . 
 and how have you found yourself here ? 
 where are you going ? 
 - two simple questions that can lead to days of words . 
 `` you like new order ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 the woman laughs . 
 `` in college . 
 i loved new order , but i had a joy division boyfriend . 
 i wanted to hang out , he wanted to hang himself . 
 we were doomed from the start . '' 
 the conversation continues . 
 danny ca n't help but overhear them . 
 elijah is , after all , sitting at his elbow , taking up the armrest . 
 chatting away with the woman about disco groups . 
 unbelievable . 
 talking about college and girlfriends and elijah 's prom . 
 -lrb- `` she disappeared after the second song , but that was okay ... '' -rrb- danny usually assumes that lonely people are the only ones who have conversations on airplanes . 
 now he is faced with a dilemma : is he wrong , or is elijah lonely ? 
 to sidestep the issue entirely , danny decides that elijah is an exception . 
 elijah , as always , is being unusually kind . 
 while he himself is not lonely , he does n't mind talking to lonely people . 
 he is the mother teresa of banter . 
 danny silently waits for his introduction , the moment when elijah gestures to him and says , `` this is my brother . '' 
 danny plans to put his guidebook down , smile a hello -lrb- taking a good look at the woman , who 's about ten years older than him , but still attractive -rrb- , and then make a hasty retreat back to inns and hotels . 
 but the conversation never drifts his way . 
 instead , they are talking about roman holiday . 
 danny ca n't believe it when elijah says how much he loves audrey hepburn . 
 he can understand it , but he ca n't believe it , for it 's an adoration that he himself shares . 
 danny is n't used to having something in common with elijah , however slight . 
 their last name is the rope that ties them together . 
 and now there is also this tiny thread . 
 audrey hepburn . 
 danny thinks about this for a moment . 
 -lrb- if elijah were to look over , he would notice his brother has n't turned the page in the past ten minutes . -rrb- 
 as elijah and this stranger discuss the ending of roman holiday and how it makes them feel -lrb- sad , happy -rrb- , danny wonders whether it 's true that everyone , at heart , likes audrey hepburn . 
 so the similarity is n't that strange at all . 
 it 's as commonplace as the desire to eat when hungry . 
 it does n't link the two brothers any more than that . 
 that is something danny can believe . 
 `` so this is your brother ? '' 
 penelope whispers , pointing over elijah 's shoulder . 
 he does n't know why she is whispering . 
 then he turns and sees that danny has fallen asleep on his tray table , the edge of his shoulder spotlighted by the overhead lamp . 
 `` do you think he needs a pillow ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 `` no . 
 he 'll be all right . '' 
 elijah reaches over the armrest and presses the lightbulb button . 
 then he turns back to penelope and asks her if she has any brothers or sisters . 
 she has three sisters , one of whom is getting married in a matter of months . 
 `` she 's older than me , thank god , '' penelope says with a sigh . 
 `` i have to wear this hideous dress . 
 i told her-i said , ` this dress is hideous . ' 
 her dress is gorgeous , by the way . 
 bridesmaids only exist to make the brides look good . 
 i do n't care what anyone says . 
 it 's not an honor . 
 it 's a mockery . 
 `` her dress has a train . 
 when i saw it , i just started to cry . 
 not because i 'm not the one who 's getting married . 
 i can handle that . 
 but to see my sister in a white satin train-it was like we were playing dress-up again . 
 she 'd always let my mother 's dresses trail behind her . 
 of course , i 'd jump on them and try to trip her up . 
 and i was always the one who got in trouble for the footprints - it did n't matter that the bottom was also covered with dust . 
 anyway-seeing her at the fitting , it struck me that i ca n't jump on her dress anymore . 
 i ca n't pull it over her head and show her underwear to the congregation . 
 i ca n't even tell her that it is n't hers , that she has to put it back in the closet before our mother comes home . 
 no , it 's hers . 
 and it 's her . '' 
 penelope shakes her head . 
 boys never dress up as grooms , elijah thinks . 
 they never practice their own weddings like girls do . 
 but there are other kinds of pairs . 
 he remembers batman and robin . 
 luke and han . 
 frodo and aragorn . 
 cowboy and indian . 
 there was only a year or two for those games , before danny started dressing up in a different way . 
 this time , the character he was playing was the cooler version of himself , shopping at the mall for the perfect costume , trying to blend in and stand out at the same time . 
 it was never explained to elijah , and he was n't old enough to figure it out . 
 all he knew was that one day his brother stopped wanting to be a superhero , stopped wanting to save their backyard world . 
 elijah stopped dressing up then , too . 
 he retreated to the realm of his room , to his drawings , to his stuffed animals . 
 it was n't the same . 
 sisters dress up to rehearse for what will really happen to them . 
 but brothers , elijah realizes , are never rehearsing that way . 
 they rehearse their own illusions , until reality takes a turn and they are asked to rehearse for other things . 
 you go to school . 
 you graduate . 
 you sell snack cakes . 
 you hang up your cape and put on a suit . 
 danny wakes up into the strange timeless nighttime of air travel . 
 the window shades are drawn . 
 the flight attendants float down the aisle like guardian angels . 
 the guidebook has fallen at his feet . 
 a woman is talking . '' 
 ... and then , it was the strangest thing , i walk into the room and there 's courtney love . 
 have i told you this ? 
 no ? 
 good . 
 so i ca n't believe it . 
 now , this is after she was the lead singer of-what was it called ? 
 - hole . 
 do n't think i 'm that old . 
 i 'm not that old . 
 so it 's after hole , and i walk into the room , and there she is . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 so i walk over to her and offer her a joint . 
 real cool . 
 i can tell that my boyfriend 's real impressed at how smooth i am . 
 and she says yes . 
 but neither of us has a match . 
 i 'm fumbling around , pulling the rolling papers and the dope out of my pockets , and i ca n't find a light ! 
 so my boyfriend just leans over , courtney looks up at him , and all smooth , he lights her up . 
 i 'm still there fumbling . 
 she says thanks to him , offers him a puff , and when he 's done he does n't even offer it to me . 
 because now they 're talking and sharing and it 's like i 'm not even there . 
 i say his name , and he just gives me one of those side smiles . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 some other guys join the conversation and i 'm out of the circle . 
 and i 'm sure courtney has seen me . 
 but does she say anything ? 
 no . 
 not a word . 
 my boyfriend 's treating her like the pope and my head 's all screwed up , so i just say real loud , ` well , why do n't you just kiss her ring ! ' 
 everyone stares at me . 
 like , it makes perfect sense to me , but i 'm the only person in the room with the context . 
 i have to get out of there . 
 right away . 
 my boyfriend 's staring at me like i just called his mother a whore . 
 and everyone else thinks i 'm insulting her highness courtney love . 
 so i run out of the room . 
 but i 'm not looking where i 'm going-i crash into this guy in the door-way-and that 's how i met billy corgan . '' 
 it 's the woman next to elijah . 
 danny is paralyzed by her talking . 
 `` no way ! '' 
 elijah exhales in admiration . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 danny tries to fall back to sleep . 
 he ca n't believe they 're still awake . 
 penelope sleeps soundly on elijah 's shoulder . 
 which is to say , soundlessly . 
 he does n't mind , even though it makes his arm sore . 
 pins and needles , elijah thinks , and then he figures that having an arm full of pins and needles would hurt a hell of a lot more than this . 
 danny stirs on the other side of him , waking up and turning to elijah , his eyes unaccustomed to the simulated day . 
 he registers penelope on elijah 's shoulder and smiles groggily . 
 it 's not like that , elijah wants to tell his brother . 
 but he does n't want to wake penelope up . 
 it 's like comfort , elijah figures . 
 being a comfort is itself pretty comforting . 
 having someone find a place on your shoulder and be able to rest . 
 not seeing her face , but picturing it from her breath . 
 like a baby sleeping . 
 feeling her breath so slightly on his arm . 
 breathing in time . 
 comfort . 
 the quiet times are the ones to hold on to . 
 in the quiet times , elijah can think of other quiet times . 
 staring at the ceiling with cal . 
 driving home from a concert , the road silent , the music in his head . 
 sharing a smile-for a moment-with a beautiful stranger passing in a car . 
 beside elijah , danny shifts in his seat and signals to the flight attendant for another diet coke . 
 danny would never let a stranger sleep on his shoulder , elijah thinks . 
 danny would be afraid of the germs . 
 he closes his eyes and tries to drift off . 
 amazing . 
 danny thinks it 's amazing to be moving so fast without feeling movement . 
 to be sitting in an airplane , traveling as fast as he 's ever traveled , and still it feels like he 's in a car , steadier than a train , not even as fast as sliding down a slide . 
 how can this be ? 
 danny wonders . 
 he wants to ask someone . 
 but who can he ask ? 
 elijah , even if he were awake ? 
 the girl on elijah 's shoulder ? 
 -lrb- is n't she a little old for him ? -rrb- 
 the pilot ? 
 no one . 
 there 's no one to tell him how it can feel so slow to go so fast . 
 the phone is embedded above the fold-down tray . 
 he could make a collect call from above the atlantic ocean . 
 he could slip the corporate card into the proper slot and dial any area code around the world . 
 he does it-slips in the card-just to see what the dials are like . 
 thinking , would n't it be funny to slip your credit card into the slot , ten thousand miles in the air , and find a rotary phone ? 
 but no-just the usual buttons . 
 he can pretend it 's home . 
 just a local call . 
 he pauses before dialing . 
 he pauses too long . 
 he pauses long enough to realize that no one comes instantly to mind . 
 he does n't have anyone instant . 
 he does n't have anyone worth a twenty-dollar-a-minute call . 
 quietly , danny places the phone back in its receiver . 
 he presses a little too hard , and the woman in front of him rustles in her sleep . 
 danny looks at elijah . 
 he looks at elijah 's eyelids and tries to tell whether he 's awake . 
 he used to do that all the time when they were kids . 
 elijah would be faking sleep-he did n't want to leave the car , he did n't want to go to school-and danny would catch the small , betraying twitches . 
 he would try to point them out to his mom , and elijah would mysteriously pop out of sleep before danny could finish his sentence . 
 their mom would shake her head , more annoyed with danny 's tattling than with elijah 's fakery . 
 or so it seemed to danny . 
 back then , and still . 
 now danny concentrates-staring into his brother 's closed eyes . 
 waiting for one eye to open , to see if anyone 's looking . 
 waiting for a telltale giggle of breath , or the twitch of an itching finger . 
 instead , he observes elijah and the woman both breathing to the same silent measure . 
 crescendo . 
 diminuendo . 
 rise . 
 fall . 
 speed and slowness . 
 danny remembers the nightmares he would have . 
 the strangers climbing through the window and stealing elijah from the crib . 
 he remembers waking the house without waking the baby . 
 running to elijah 's room to make sure . 
 because if elijah was okay , that meant everything was fine . 
 elijah travels in and out of sleep , like the airplane traveling in and out of clouds . 
 moments of fleeting wakefulness , dreamlike . 
 the rituals of airline travel , meant to guard against your fears . 
 words of conversation . 
 the echo of the in-flight movie from too-loud headphones many rows behind . 
 the wheels of the beverage cart and the crisp opening of a soda can . 
 the pad of feet in the aisle . 
 a child 's questions . 
 the flipping of a magazine page . 
 penelope 's breathing . 
 the sound of speeding air . 
 the realization that clouds sound no different than air . 
 he dreams of cal 's camaro , and of driving to italy . 
 then he wakes up , and he is there . 
 ii . 
 venice the plane lands impeccably . 
 danny is up and angling for the aisle before the captain 's announcement can tell him to keep his seat belt on . 
 elijah watches him with a certain degree of embarrassment . 
 he ca n't see what the rush is . 
 it 's not like they can leave the plane any faster . 
 all it means is they 'll have their bags in their laps for that much longer . 
 even the flight attendants are still strapped in ; they ca n't make danny sit down . 
 along with the rest of the passengers , elijah hopes a sudden stop will jolt danny to the ground . 
 elijah remains in his seat until the plane has come to a complete stop . 
 danny passes over their carry-ons . 
 penelope leans over and says she ca n't believe she 's finally in venice . 
 elijah nods his head and looks out the window . 
 venice . 
 but not really venice . 
 the airport . 
 it is raining outside . 
 elijah ca n't help it . 
 he scans the crowd at the gate outside of customs , looking to see if someone is waiting for him . 
 as if cal could truly drive the bitchin ' camaro across the atlantic ocean and wait with a lei , just to be inappropriate . 
 `` let 's go , '' danny says , hiking his bag higher on his shoulder . 
 `` and tie your shoelaces . '' 
 elijah does n't care about his shoelaces , but he ties them anyway . 
 he nearly loses danny in the airport rush . 
 he does n't care much about that , either , except for the fact that danny has the money and the name of the hotel . 
 -lrb- typical . -rrb- 
 elijah nurtures a half-fantasy of disappearing into the crowd , making his own way to venice , living by his wits for a week and then returning at the end of it all to share the flight home with his brother . 
 he ca n't imagine that danny would mind . 
 but danny has stopped . 
 danny is waiting and watching - watching his watch , tapping his foot , prodding elijah forward . 
 international crowds huddle-walk between them . 
 families with suitcases . 
 a girl who drops her little mermaid doll . 
 elijah returns the doll and makes his way to his waiting brother , who asks , `` what took you so long ? '' 
 elijah does n't know what to say . 
 shrugs were invented to answer such questions , so that 's just what elijah does . 
 italy should make danny feel rich , but instead it makes him feel poor . 
 to change 120 -lrb- dollars -rrb- into 180,000 -lrb- lire -rrb- should make a man feel like he 's expanded his wealth . 
 but instead it makes the whole concept of wealth seem pointless . 
 the zeros-the measures of american worth-are grotesque , mocking . 
 the woman at the exchange bureau counts out his change with a smile-look at all the money you get . 
 but danny would feel better with monopoly chump change . 
 he leads elijah out to the vaporetto launch . 
 it 's quite a scam they 're running-the only way into venice from the airport , really . 
 it 's one of the worst feelings danny knows-the acknowledgment that he 's going to pay through the nose , and there 's nothing he can do about it . 
 `` one hundred twenty thousand lire for the men , '' the vaporetto driver -lrb- the vaporetteer ? -rrb- 
 says in flawed english . 
 danny shakes his head . 
 `` best price . 
 guarantee , '' the driver insists . 
 danny can tell he 's been brushing up on his best buy commercials . 
 probably has his american cousins videotape them . 
 danny tries three other drivers . 
 other tourists gratefully take the vaporettos he discards . 
 `` you really expect me to pay one hundred and twenty thousand lire-eighty dollars-for a vaporetto ride ? '' 
 danny asks the fourth driver . 
 `` it is not a vaporetto . 
 a water taxi , sir . '' 
 elijah steps into the boat . 
 `` sounds great , '' he tells the driver . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 it is pouring now . 
 cold and rainy and gray . 
 elijah ca n't see much through the clouds and mist . 
 still , he 's thrilled by the approach-thrilled by the wackiness of it all . 
 because-he 's realizing this now-venice is a totally wacky city . 
 a loony idea that 's held its ground for hundreds of years . 
 elijah has to respect that . 
 the buildings are right on the water . 
 elijah ca n't believe it . 
 sure , he 's seen venice in the movies-portrait of a room with a view of the wings of the lady dove . 
 but he 'd always assumed that they picked the best places to show . 
 now elijah sees the whole city is like that . 
 the buildings line the canals like long sen-tences-each house a word , each window a letter , each gap a punctuation . 
 the rain can not diminish this . 
 elijah walks to the front of the taxi and stands with the driver . 
 the boat moves at a walking pace . 
 it leaves a wider canal-elijah ca n't help but think of it as an avenue-and takes a series of narrow turns . 
 finally , they arrive at the proper dock . 
 the driver points the way , and danny and elijah soon find themselves maneuvering their suitcases through the alleys of venice . 
 the gritti is smaller than danny had pictured . 
 he looks at its entrance suspiciously , while elijah-unburdened by expectation-is more excited . 
 an elaborately dressed bellman glides forward and gathers their bags . 
 danny , momentarily confused , resists . 
 it is only after elijah says thank you that the suitcases are relinquished and the steps toward the registration desk are taken . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 an unmistakably european man asks from behind the counter . 
 he wears an armani smile . 
 elijah is impressed . 
 `` yes , '' danny starts , leaning on the desktop . 
 `` the name is silver . 
 a room for two . 
 originally the room was under my parents ' names , but they should have switched it to mine . 
 danny silver . 
 we need a room with two beds . 
 on the canal side . '' 
 `` if that 's possible , '' elijah adds . 
 danny swats him away . 
 the manager 's smile does n't falter . 
 he opens a ledger and types a few keys on his computer . 
 a temporary concern crosses his brow , but it is soon resolved . 
 `` yes , silver , '' he says to danny . 
 `` we have a room-a beautiful room . 
 two beds . 
 that is what you requested in march . 
 one room for daniel and elijah silver . '' 
 elijah thinks this sounds great . 
 but danny does n't look happy . 
 `` wait a sec - '' he says . 
 `` what do you mean , march ? 
 the initial reservation should have been for rachel and arthur silver , not for daniel and elijah . '' 
 the manager checks the ledger again . 
 `` we have no record of a change , '' he tells danny . 
 `` is this a problem ? '' 
 danny shakes his head severely . 
 `` you see , '' he says to the man behind the desk , `` my parents made me think this had been their vacation . 
 but now you 're saying that it was our vacation all along . '' 
 `` which is great , '' elijah assures the still-confused manager . 
 `` it 's just a surprise . 
 for him especially . '' 
 `` i see , '' the hotel manager intones , nodding solemnly . 
 after the paperwork is completed , he produces a pair of golden keys . 
 elijah says thank you . 
 danny continues to shake his head and mutters his way to the elevator . 
 the hotel manager smiles a little wider as he hands the keys to elijah . 
 beneath his coutured appearance , his sympathy is palpable . 
 elijah says thank you again . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . '' 
 danny also ca n't stop hitting the side of the elevator . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 elijah asks as they walk to their room . 
 `` what 's the matter ?!? they tricked us , elijah . 
 our own parents . 
 tricked us . 
 i mean , i knew they meant for us to come here together . 
 but to have had that plan all along ... '' they are being led into the room now . 
 it is beautiful . 
 even danny has to shut up for a second , just to look out the windows at the canal . 
 now that the rain has been reduced to a sound , it is moodily atmospheric , mysteriously foreign . 
 elijah puts his suitcase on the bed closest to the windows as danny tips -lrb- no doubt undertips -rrb- the bellman . 
 when danny returns to the windows , the spell has been broken . 
 his tirade continues . 
 `` i just ca n't believe they 'd be so ... manipulative . 
 i ca n't believe they could stand there and lie to us , all these months . '' 
 `` i think it 's kind of nice , '' elijah mumbles . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said it 's kind of a surprise . '' 
 elijah knows , from years of practice , that it 's best to just ride the conversation through . 
 unpack . 
 nod occasionally . 
 pretend that danny 's right , even if he 's acting like he 's been set up on a hideous blind date . 
 the trick is , danny does n't particularly like to hear himself talk , especially in monologues . 
 halfway through a sentence , he 'll realize there 's no reason to go on . 
 his point has been made , if not accepted . 
 like now : `` if only they 'd ... '' danny says with a sigh . 
 then he pauses , and listens to the rain outside . 
 he realizes he 's in venice , and that his parents can not hear him . 
 he walks to the closet and hangs up his coat . 
 his last sentence dangles in the air , until it is forgotten . 
 naps and dinner . 
 naps and dinner . 
 it seems to elijah that every family vacation revolves around naps and dinner . 
 this vacation does not appear to be an exception . 
 as soon as danny has unpacked , he kicks off his shoes and tears off the bedspread , thrusting it aside in a vanquished heap . 
 they have just arrived-they have just been sitting for countless hours-and still danny feels the need to lie down and close his eyes . 
 elijah is mystified . 
 danny 's behavior is perfectly predictable , and perfectly beyond understanding . 
 `` i 'm going for a walk , '' elijah says . 
 `` be back for dinner . 
 `` danny nods for emphasis , then nods off . 
 because the sky is gray and the time zones are shifty , elijah finds it hard to gauge the hour . 
 he never wears a watch -lrb- his own rebellion against time , against watching -rrb- . 
 he must rely on the concierge to supply him with a frame of reference . 
 it is four in the afternoon . 
 two hours until dinner . 
 upon leaving the gritti , elijah is presented with one of the most exquisite things about venice-there is no obvious way to go . 
 although st. mark 's square pulses in the background , and the canals hold notions in sway , there is no grand promenade to lead elijah forward . 
 there is no ready stream of pedestrians to subsume him into its mass . 
 instead , he is presented with corners-genuine corners , at which each direction makes the same amount of sense . 
 elijah walks left , and then right . 
 and then left , and then right . 
 he is amazed by the narrowness of the streets . 
 he is amazed by the footbridges and the curving of paths . 
 he sees people from his flight and nods hello . 
 they smile in return . 
 they are still caught in the welcomeness rapture ; they 've deposited their baggage , and now they wander . 
 we are like freshmen , elijah thinks . 
 the incoming class of tourists . 
 the upperclassmen look at them knowingly , remembering that initial rush , when every moment seems pictureperfect and the tiredness distorts the hours into something approaching surreality . 
 elijah feels giddiness and delight-although he is now in venice , he is still high on the anticipation of venice . 
 the trip has not settled yet . 
 it has n't officially begun . 
 instead , elijah is staking out the territory-sometimes circling the same block three times from different directions-somehow missing the major squares and the more famous statues . 
 instead , he finds a small shop that sells shelves of miniature books . 
 the shopkeeper comes over and shows elijah a magazine the size of a postage stamp . 
 elijah wants to buy it for cal , but he 's forgotten to bring money . 
 he wants to come back tomorrow , but does n't know if he will ever be able to find the store again . 
 he could ask for the address , but he does n't want to travel in such a way . 
 he wants encounters instead of plans-the magic of appearance rather than the architecture of destination . 
 seconds pass with every door . 
 minutes pass with every street . 
 elijah never realizes that he 's lost , so he has no trouble finding his way back . 
 three hours have gone by , but he does n't know this . 
 night has fallen , but that seems only a matter of light and air . 
 when elijah returns to the hotel , he does n't ask the concierge for the time . 
 instead , he asks for a postcard . 
 he draws a smile on the back and sends it to cal . 
 he can not describe the afternoon any other way . 
 he knows she 'll understand . 
 danny is still asleep when elijah returns to the room . 
 but only for a moment . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 he asks , stretching out , reaching for his watch . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 elijah replies . 
 danny grunts and puts on his shoes . 
 map in hand , danny leads the way to st. mark 's square . 
 his movement is propulsive , unchecked by awe or curiosity . 
 he knows where he wants to go , and he wants to get there soon . 
 elijah struggles to keep up . 
 -lrb- `` what is taking you so long ? 
 `` danny is on his way to the arcade and supposed to be watching his ten-year-old brother . 
 danny has agreed to drive elijah and his friends to the movies and waits impatiently by the car . 
 danny is walking ten feet ahead to the bus stop and wants to get to his friends . 
 elijah is holding him back . 
 that is the clear implication of the question . 
 it is elijah 's fault . 
 elijah is left behind because he 's too slow . -rrb- 
 as they approach st. mark 's , the streets become more crowded . 
 danny weaves and bobs through the fray , dodging the men and women who walk at a more leisurely pace . 
 elijah follows in danny 's wake , without enough time to wonder if these couples are lovers , or if the children are playing games . 
 finally-too soon-they arrive at the caffe florian . 
 danny barks out their name and says , `` reservation , table for two . '' 
 the maitre d' smiles , and elijah can sense him thinking to himself , american . 
 the restaurant unfolds like a house of mirrors-room after room , with danny and elijah stumbling through . 
 menus are procured , and the silver brothers are shown to their table . 
 before he has even been seated , danny orders wine and asks for some bread . 
 elijah studies his menu and wishes he knew more italian . 
 the waiter is gorgeous-the kind of man , elijah thinks , who would sweep cal off her feet . 
 it is n't just that he 's beautiful but that his movements are beautiful . 
 if all men looked like this waiter , there would n't be any need for color-just white shirts and black pants , black shoes and black ties . 
 danny is more interested in the waiter 's grasp of the english language -lrb- mercifully adequate -rrb- . 
 even though elijah is a vegetarian , danny does not hesitate to order a rack of lamb . 
 elijah tries not to notice and orders penne . 
 when it is pointed out to him that the pasta course is an appetizer , he assents to a grilled vegetable plate . 
 the waiter seems pleased , and elijah is pleased to have pleased him . 
 `` so what are we going to do ? '' 
 danny asks , breaking off a piece of bread and searching for the butter . 
 elijah is not sure how big this question is . 
 he assumes it is a matter of itinerary , not relations . 
 `` i 'd like to go to the basilica , '' he answers , `` and the academy . '' 
 `` well , of course . 
 those are givens . 
 but what else ? 
 and where 's the butter ? '' 
 elijah points to the dish of olive oil . 
 danny is not pleased . 
 `` i 'll never understand why people do that-olive oil is so far removed from butter . 
 it 's a totally different sensory experience , you know ? 
 it 's like substituting salt for cheese . 
 does n't make any sense . '' 
 danny puts down the bread . 
 `` i 'd like to go to the old jewish ghetto tomorrow morning , if that 's okay with you . '' 
 elijah is surprised . 
 he had expected less of his brother-a search for the nearest hard rock cafe , perhaps . 
 `` we can go to the academy when it opens , '' danny continues , `` and then take a vaporetto to the ghetto . 
 the whole sunday thing should n't be a problem there . '' 
 elijah agrees , and is glad when the food comes-no need for further conversation . 
 which is n't to say the brothers do n't talk . 
 they do . 
 but it 's hardly conversation . 
 instead , it 's filling the time with idle words-danny returns to the topic of their parents ' deception , and elijah shifts gears by mentioning movies , one of the only things they can talk about easily . 
 even if danny feels it 's his masculine duty to disparage merchant ivory , at least it 's something to talk about . 
 elijah realizes this strain in conversation now , and danny has the same thought a few minutes later . 
 but there is no way for the two of them to know that they have this feeling in common . 
 it does n't come up at the dinner table , and instead the brothers teeter in their consciousness of being together , and apart . 
 danny takes out his palm pilot and shows elijah all of the things it can do , most of them work-related . 
 there is something about this that strikes elijah as familiar-danny always loved having the latest toys . 
 elijah tries to share in the marvel . 
 the main course arrives , and he tries to avoid the sight of danny gnawing at the bones . 
 they do not stay for dessert . 
 by the end of the night , all they can say is how tired they 've become . 
 on the walk back to the hotel , elijah realizes this is his first real adult trip . 
 even though he considers himself far from an adult , he can see that the trip marks some change . 
 no parents . 
 no teen tour counselors . 
 no teachers chaperoning . 
 this is what adults do . 
 they book tickets and they travel . 
 if elijah is reluctant to see himself as an adult , or even as a potential adult , seeing danny as an adult comes easily enough . 
 in elijah 's eyes , danny has always been a grown-up . 
 less of a grown-up than their parents , but still much more of a grownup than elijah 's friends . 
 danny was always so far ahead . 
 none of elijah 's friends had a brother who was that much older . 
 they would gather at the silvers ' house and become danny 's congregation , elijah included . 
 when they played basketball in the driveway , danny always counted as four people , so the games were six on three , five on two , four on one . 
 he always knew how to use the right curse words at the right time . 
 if he wanted to change the channel , they would let him . 
 because he thought their shows were childish , and they did n't want to be childish . 
 they wanted to know how to solve the secret puzzles the next few years would bring . 
 and then there was the armpit hair . 
 elijah spotted it one day when danny was wrapped in a towel , finished with the shower . 
 he raised his arm to deodorize-and there it was . 
 elijah told his friends , and the next time there was a pool party , danny was the main attraction . 
 he had no idea why the kids kept throwing the beach ball just over his head . 
 armpit hair was fascinating and scary and , more than anything , grown-up . 
 danny 's voice was beginning to sound like he was chewing ice cubes . 
 his body grew taller and taller , like celery shooting . 
 he was thirteen then , elijah almost seven . 
 now , ten years later , elijah realizes he 's older than danny was . 
 that all of those changes have happened to him , too . 
 the changes that nobody has any say over . 
 the biology - `` growing '' and `` up '' as a physical matter . 
 the changes after-elijah has to believe they 're a matter of choice . 
 looking at danny used to be like looking at the future . 
 now looking at danny is like looking at a future he does n't want . 
 his thoughts turn to cal , to his friends , to home . 
 he wishes that time was a matter of choice . 
 that you could live your life controlling the metronome-speed it up sometimes , but mostly slow it down . 
 stay at the party for as long as you like . 
 prolong the conversation until everything is known . 
 to feel such a longing for his own life , even as he 's living it-he wonders what that means . 
 elijah falls asleep as soon as he returns to the hotel . 
 in fact , he falls asleep a few turns from the hotel , but some mental and physical anomaly conspires to keep him upright until the door of the room closes . 
 danny is a little more fastidious before his own collapse . 
 he hangs up all of his clothing and studiously brushes his teeth . 
 then he stands for a minute in front of one of the windows . 
 he opens it wide , so the sounds of the canal and the laughter from the bar downstairs can segue into sleep . 
 danny dreams of soldiers , and elijah dreams of wings . 
 they wake numerous times during the night , but never at the same time . 
 elijah thinks he hears danny get up to shut the window , but when he wakes up , the window is still open . 
 morning . 
 breakfast . 
 `` you fool , '' elijah says , glancing at the menu . 
 `` what ? '' 
 danny grunts . 
 `` i said , ` you fool . ' '' 
 danny looks at the menu and understands . 
 `` no , '' he says , `` i wo n't quiche you . '' 
 `` quiche me , you fool ! 
 please ! '' 
 `` if you say that any louder , you 're toast . '' 
 `` quiche me and marry me in a church , since we can taloupe ! '' 
 elijah is giddy with the old routine . 
 `` orange juice kidding ? '' 
 danny gasps . 
 `` i will milk this for all it 's worth . '' 
 `` you ca n't be cereal . '' 
 `` i can sense you 're waffling ... '' danny looks up triumphantly . 
 `` there are n't any waffles on the menu ! 
 you lose ! '' 
 elijah is surprised by how abruptly disappointed he is . 
 that 's not the point , he thinks . 
 he turns away . 
 danny pauses for a second , watching him , not knowing what he 's done . 
 then he shrugs , picks up an international herald tribune , and begins to read . 
 danny and elijah are both museum junkies , each in his own way . 
 it is hard to entirely escape all vestiges of a shared parentage . 
 from an early age , both of the silver brothers found themselves folded into the backseat of the family car for sunday-morning excursions to the museums of new york . 
 there was never any traffic-driving through the city was almost like driving through a painting , the streets wider and cleaner than any new york street is supposed to be . 
 an uncrowded city is a form of magic ... and the magic only intensified as the museums neared . 
 sometimes the silvers would walk amidst dinosaur bones and hanging whales . 
 but most of the time , they made pilgrimages to color and light , brushstrokes and angles . 
 elijah saved the buttonhole entry tags from each museum as if they were coins from a higher society-the nearly egyptian m for the met , the hip capitalization of moma , each visit in a different color from the time before . 
 danny fell in love with starry night long before he knew he was supposed to . 
 elijah would bring his star wars figures to the moma sculpture garden and have princess leia and han solo make a home in the smooth pocket of a henry moore . 
 as they grew older -lrb- but not too much older -rrb- , the brothers would hatch saturday-night schemes to make the museums their home . 
 as their babysitter looked on with amusement , danny and elijah would pore over from the mixed-up files of mrs. basil e. frankweiler as if it were both guidebook and bible-a map and a divination . 
 sometimes the museums ' floor plans would also be consulted , the bathrooms carefully marked and noted . 
 as the ten o'clock tv shows said their eleven o'clock goodbyes , danny and elijah would whisper their plans , each more elaborate than its predecessor . 
 we 'll hide in the second-floor men 's room , and when the janitor comes , we 'll stand on the toilets so he ca n't see our legs . 
 we 'll hide under the bench in the room with the splatter painting . 
 we 'll spend the night in king tut 's tomb . 
 the sunday-morning trips began to ebb as little league , summer camp , and adolescent resentment appeared . 
 danny became a teenager , which elijah could n't begin to understand . 
 -lrb- danny told him so . 
 repeatedly . -rrb- 
 all plans were off , because danny had new plans of his own . 
 the silvers still went to the museum together , but with the near-formality of a special occasion . 
 these were big exhibition trips-mornings of monet and afternoons of acoustiguided el greco . 
 later on , danny and elijah made their own excursions into the city , sometimes with friends but most of the time alone . 
 danny loved moma , with its establishment airs and big artist dynamics . 
 elijah was more partial to the whitney , with its hopper despair and youth-in-revolt aspirations . 
 strangely , neither danny nor elijah felt a strong affinity for the met . 
 perhaps the temple of dendur fails to amaze after the twentieth visit . 
 perhaps the museum itself is too palatial , too expansive to ever really know . 
 it should be taken as a measure of danny 's true new york soul that his first reaction upon entering the academy is a vow to spend more time at the met , in the renaissance rooms . 
 elijah 's response is a much more succinct -lrb- yet also more entire -rrb- `` wow . '' 
 there is a danger in living on a steady diet of rothko and pollack , monet and manet and magritte . 
 danny and elijah have an inkling of this now , almost immediately . 
 they are struck , more than anything , by the details in the academy 's artwork . 
 the faces in a painter 's stonework . 
 the downturn of a madonna 's eyes . 
 the arrow 's angle as it tears into sebastian 's side . 
 they do not know the stories behind all the paintings - such things were n't taught in hebrew school . 
 perhaps that adds to the mystery and helps them approach in a strange state of wonder . 
 elijah is drawn to the paintings of orsola-is she a martyr or a dreamer , a saint or a princess ? 
 he has no way of knowing . 
 he asks danny , and danny mumbles something about enigmas . 
 there is a happy complicity in their ignorance . 
 after an hour and a half , the madonnas begin to look too much alike , and the jesus babies are growing more grotesque in their bald adultness . 
 danny and elijah are both losing sight of the details-it is harder to focus , and danny is becoming restless . 
 he wants to get to the synagogue in time for the noon tour . 
 there will be more time for art later . 
 they both agree on this . 
 a city presents many different faces , and it is up to the traveler to assemble the proper composite . 
 venice seems , at first , to be a simple enough city to render . 
 it is the canals , the basilica , the shutters on the homes . 
 it is the gondolier 's call and the beat of the pigeon 's wing and the church bell that chimes to mark the passing of an hour . 
 to many people , this is all , and this is enough . 
 a tourist does not want to be weighed down by realities , unless the realities are presented as monumental stories . 
 it takes a traveler , not a tourist , to search for something deeper . 
 travelers want to find the wavelength on which they and the city connect . 
 danny is drawn to the ghetto . 
 none of his immediate ancestors ever set foot in venice -lrb- or italy , for that matter -rrb- . 
 none of his friends have ever spent time there . 
 he has never read or dreamed about life in such a place . 
 and yet this is the destination he has chosen within a city of destinations . 
 -lrb- elijah comes too and is moved and affected , but not in the same way . 
 this is not what he has visited for . 
 for him , the city is much more elusive , and will not know where he wants to be until he actually gets there . -rrb- 
 according to the museum in the ghetto , eight thousand italian jews were sent to concentration camps during the holocaust . 
 only eight of them returned to venice . 
 this is the fact to which danny attaches himself . 
 if the ghetto itself is the bell , this fact is the toll . 
 the word `` ghetto '' comes from the venetian jeto , which means `` foundry . '' 
 the island upon which the jews originally settled was formerly a foundry area -lrb- danny learns -rrb- . 
 but the jews , newly arrived from germany and eastern european countries , could n't pronounce the soft j and instead called it geto . 
 in the sixteenth century , the jews were locked in from midnight to dawn ; they became usurers because most other businesses were prohibited . 
 -lrb- hence shylock , danny thinks . 
 the merchant of venice was the closest he came to finding meaning in shakespeare in college . -rrb- 
 at one point in the ghetto , jews had to wear yellow hats or scarves whenever they went out . 
 danny notes the color yellow-how can he not ? 
 the past reverberates so clearly , later on . 
 yellow hats , yellow stars . 
 as elijah waits in the courtyard , danny stands in the shade of a sephardic synagogue-still in use , saved from the world war ii bombings by an ironic alliance made between the germans and the italians . 
 people begin to gather for the tour - a small , quiet group , almost all of them american . 
 the inside of the synagogue is dominated by black woodwork and red curtains . 
 there is a separate section for women - a shielded balcony , high beyond the pulpit . 
 the guide jokes that this means women are closer to god . 
 only the men laugh . 
 the guide goes on to say that there are now 600 jews in all of venice . 
 danny feels his somberness confirmed-how else can one feel when surrounded by such a majority of ghosts ? 
 you can find sorrow in the arithmetic , and you can find a bittersweet hope . 
 after the synagogue , danny sees things differently . 
 it 's not that he 's religious-at best , he would like to believe in god , if only he could believe it . 
 instead , his identity asserts itself . 
 he sits in the plaza outside the temple and thinks about the 600 and what a crazy life they must lead . 
 he wonders what it must be like to live in a place where christ is in every doorway-well , maybe not every doorway , but he 's sure it must seem that way . 
 in american terms , it must be like living in the bible belt - with christmas all year round . 
 danny has these thoughts , but he does n't share them . 
 he can see that elijah is n't in a similar space . 
 instead , he is sitting -lrb- shoelaces untied -rrb- in the sunniest corner of the plaza , watching a little redheaded girl in pink plastic sunglasses as she charges an unsuspecting flock of pigeons . 
 there is a flash-flutter of wings-elijah hunches over as the birds throw themselves skyward and fly thoughtlessly over the bench where he sits . 
 there is a small judaica store open off the square . 
 danny walks to the window , but he does n't go inside . 
 instead , he looks at the stained-glass kiddush cups and the tiny scrolls of the translucent mezuzot . 
 women from the synagogue tour step inside the store and touch the cases reverently . 
 danny turns away . 
 he wants to go inside , but he does n't want to go inside . 
 it 's his place , but it 's not his place . 
 elijah is walking over now , and danny allows this to be a cue to leave . 
 they walk for some time without speaking . 
 but this is a different non-speaking than it was before . 
 danny is still deep in his thoughts , and elijah is letting him stay there . 
 finally , danny speaks , and what he says is , `` it 's incredible , really . '' 
 then he stops and points back to the synagogue and says he ca n't imagine . 
 he just ca n't imagine . 
 elijah listens as danny wonders how such things can happen , what lesson could possibly be learned . 
 `` i do n't know , '' elijah says . 
 he thinks of their parents , and how they 'd be glad that their sons were here , thinking about it . 
 `` all this history ... , '' danny says , then trails off . 
 lost in it . 
 feeling it connect . 
 realizing the weight of the world comes largely from its past . 
 although it is such a singular word , there are many variations of alone . 
 there is the alone of an empty beach at twilight . 
 there is the alone of an empty hotel room . 
 there is the alone of being caught in a throng of people . 
 there is the alone of missing a particular person . 
 and there is the alone of being with a particular person and realizing you are still alone . 
 elijah parts with danny in st. mark 's square and is at first disoriented . 
 the courtyard is filled with thousands of people , speaking what seem to be thousands of languages . 
 people are moving in such an everywhere direction that there is simply nowhere to go without firm resolution . 
 elijah 's first instinct is to steal a quiet corner , to purchase a postcard from a hundred-lire stall and write to cal about all the people and the birds and the way tourists stop to check their watches every time the bell tolls . 
 he would sign the postcard wish you were here , and he would mean it-because that would be his big threepenny wishingwell birthday-candle wish , if one were granted by a passerby . 
 cal would make him smile , and cal would make him laugh , and cal would take his hand so they could waltz where there was no space to waltz and run where there was no room to run . 
 he thinks about her all the time . 
 elijah finds a postcard and sits down to write , drawing a picture of the basilica above cal 's address . 
 then he files the postcard in his pocket for future delivery and wonders what to do . 
 the alleys leave little room to think . 
 so elijah makes a decision not to decide . 
 he steps into the crowd and gives in . 
 it is elijah 's rare talent-a talent he does n't realize-to be surrounded by strangers and not feel alone . 
 as soon as he steps into the rush of people , he is engaged . 
 he is amazed through the power of watching , bewitched by the searching . 
 as he is led from st. mark 's to the walk beside the canal , he scans the crowd for beautiful people he will never know . 
 he smiles as large groups struggle to stay together . 
 young children swoop beside his legs as old men lazily push strollers . 
 vendors sell the same cheap t-shirts at five-foot intervals . 
 a band from a canal-side hotel plays , and mothers call their daughters away from the sea . 
 if you wanted to reassemble elijah 's afternoon , you probably could do it by stringing together all the photographs and all of the frames of videotape that he walks into . 
 always a passerby , he is immortalized and unknown . 
 farther from st. mark 's , the people fall away and the noise dies down . 
 strange sculptures appear-enormous anchors and acrobatic steel beams . 
 elijah figures these are just part of the landscape-the new city 's wink at the old city . 
 and then he finds the biennial . 
 one night , deep in december , cal had asked : `` do you wonder why we wander ? '' 
 the answer , elijah now realizes , is : discovery . 
 in an age of guidebooks , websites , and radio waves , discovery has nearly become a lost feeling . 
 if anything , it is now a matter of expectations to surpass-rarely a matter of unexpected wonderment . 
 it is unusual to find a situation that appears without word , or a place that was not known to be on the road . 
 as elijah buys his ticket and enters the biennial exhibition , he feels not only discovery but also a discovery of discovery . 
 it 's a spiritual rush , and it leaves him buoyant . 
 he feels the antithesis of alone , because he is in the company of circumstance . 
 this is so cool , he thinks-this is his vocabulary of rhapsody . 
 he has entered -lrb- for lack of a better reference -rrb- an art world epcot center , each country 's pavilion beckoning him forward . 
 the afternoon is growing late , and the crowd has thinned out to a devoutly quiet core . 
 elijah walks into the spanish pavilion and stands before an abstract angel made from golden wire . 
 even though it does n't move , elijah can feel the angel lift . 
 serendipity is a narcotic , and elijah is under its sway . 
 he stares at the angel until he can feel it watermark his memory of the day . 
 then , giddy and awed , he moves on . 
 whether keenly striking or laughably awful , contemporary art is rarely unentertaining . 
 within its elaborately constructed pavilions , the biennial demonstrates this appropriately . 
 in belgium , elijah finds a series of open white -lrb- plaster ? -rrb- 
 containers . 
 luxembourg is populated by lawn chairs with the word `` sample '' placed in the corner -lrb- perhaps , elijah thinks too easily , they were desperate for artists from luxembourg -rrb- . 
 holland features films of a girl flipping off a wall -lrb- her bloomers show -rrb- and of a man showering gratuitously . 
 in addition , lightbulbs with n ** ples -lrb- there 's no better way to describe them -rrb- litter the floor . 
 elijah finds this more amusing than any so-called amusement park . 
 then he enters the strange world of the japanese exhibit . 
 its lower level is devoted to repetitive photos of black-and-white cells . 
 elijah walks upstairs , and there is a burst of color-brilliant spectrum cellscapes viewed from a wooden walkway on the outskirts of an inner lake . 
 elijah is dazzled . 
 he goes through three times and then makes his way to the french pavilion , which is filled with smashed auto cubes . 
 elijah wants to call danny , because he feels it 's near criminal to allow his brother to miss such a strangely magical place . 
 but elijah does n't know the phone number of the hotel-he does n't even know how to make a call from an italian phone booth . 
 so he vows to make danny come tomorrow , and even decides to accompany him , if need be . 
 the epigram for the russian exhibit is `` reason is something the world must obtain whether it wants to or not . '' 
 at the center of the pavilion is a container -lrb- large , metal -rrb- with a hole in it-the sign above it reads , donate for artificial reason . 
 elijah reaches into his wallet and pulls out a crumpled american dollar . 
 then he moves on-to delicate paintings of violent acts and sculptured mazes scored by ominous music . 
 the narcotic of serendipity numbs his sense of time . 
 the afternoon is over before elijah has a chance to recognize it . 
 an announcement is made in five languages-the exhibition will soon be closing . 
 elijah wanders to the gift shop and buys a few more postcards for cal . 
 then he steps through the gate , back into the expected world . 
 he looks to the exhibition sign and learns that the biennial is closed tomorrow . 
 danny is out of luck . 
 elijah is disappointed . 
 and at the same time , he is relieved . 
 not because the experience will solely be his -lrb- really , he wants danny to see it -rrb- . 
 but instead because he knows deep in his heart that it would be foolish to return . 
 discovery can not be revisited . 
 `` do you wonder why we wander ? '' 
 cal had asked . 
 it was the night of the first snow ; you could hear the branches bending and the icicles falling outside the window , beyond the wall . 
 they were warmth together . 
 they were hot breath and blankets and wrapping themselves close . 
 and elijah had thought , i wonder why i never kiss you . 
 i wonder what would happen . 
 but he did n't say anything out loud . 
 danny and elijah had been walking the back way to school-even though danny 's first bell rang twenty minutes earlier than elijah 's , they usually walked together , with danny dropping elijah off at the playground before heading to middle school . 
 the back way went by the brook , by the strand of trees that the boys could call a forest without feeling any doubt . 
 sometimes along the way they found signs of trespass-teenage beer cans , hand-smashed or misplaced intact ; gum wrappers folded into the ground ; once , a high-heeled shoe . 
 that morning , they found a large spool of red twine . 
 elijah picked it up , the twine end pointing out like a tail . 
 `` let 's tie the trees together , '' he suggested . 
 and danny said , `` sure . '' 
 they tied the tail end to a branch-elijah looping it like a shoelace , danny double-knotting so it would hold . 
 then they ran randomly from tree to tree , sometimes throwing the spool high to get a branch that was just out of reach , other times dipping low to let the lowest of bushes in on the action . 
 they laughed , they looped , they were hopelessly late for school . 
 there was no way to explain it , so neither of them tried . 
 as elijah wanders through the biennial , danny is in another part of town , altering his concept of nationality . 
 at first , he thought he had it figured out : the american tourists were the loud walkers with chicago bulls t-shirts , and the europeans were the teeter-walkers with an unfortunate propensity toward dark socks . 
 but no . 
 that was not the case at all . 
 take baseball caps . 
 danny initially assumed that anyone wearing a baseball cap was from the u.s.-after all , baseball is not exactly america 's most exportable pastime . 
 but does that matter ? 
 no . 
 alongside postcards and venezia t-shirts , street vendors are flush with new york yankees , washington redskins , and dartmouth -lrb- dartmouth ? -rrb- 
 paraphernalia . 
 even in the doges ' palace , things are askew . 
 danny stands beside an ethan hawke look-alike who is clearly a semesterabroad nyu student . 
 then ethan opens his mouth and speaks an unintelligible language . 
 danny retreats to the side of a glamorous woman with a spanish complexion and raven hair . 
 she speaks fluent brooklyn , albeit with a curator 's vocabulary . 
 -lrb- to her , the subtle curve of a david is a `` mask-uline ref-rence to thuh fem-nin ark-uh-type . '' -rrb- 
 danny is confounded-the europeans are trying to be american , the americans are trying to be european , and the japanese are furiously upholding their stereotype by taking a horrendous number of snapshots for no clear reason . 
 internationality is a german teenager in venice wearing a carolina panthers jersey . 
 -lrb- danny passes three of them as he leaves the museum . -rrb- 
 and if this is internationality ... where does that leave nationality ? 
 danny has a fierce desire to identify americans . 
 finally , he realizes : you can tell an american not by the american-ness of his t-shirt but by the level of its obscurity . 
 for example , if the shirt reads `` snoopy '' or `` new jersey sports '' or -lrb- especially -rrb- `` u.s.a. , '' odds are it 's not an american . 
 but if the shirt says `` lafayette college homecoming weekend '' or `` paul simon in central park , '' odds are it 's an american in front of you . 
 danny takes comfort in a stranger 's habitat for humanity t-shirt as he walks back to the hotel . 
 it is his way of keeping in touch with home . 
 elijah leaves the biennial and walks straight into an adjacent park . 
 there are flowers everywhere . 
 elijah knows it 's quite simple , but such things make him happy anyway . 
 old people sit on benches and talk boldly to one another . 
 the women in particular make an impression on elijah-old women in america do n't seem as loud and animated and free . 
 on the streets of manhattan , it always seems like they travel alone , stooped , on their way from the grocery , toward somewhere equally unpleasant . 
 but the italian women do n't look like abandoned grandmothers . 
 they appear in flocks . 
 they seem to know more . 
 walking slowly , elijah passes a man taking a picture of someone else 's clothesline . 
 it is , like all snapshots , a stolen image . 
 the man clicks the shutter , then leaves guiltily . 
 the afternoon has now dimmed into evening . 
 candles are lit on cafe tables . 
 the alleyways grow ominous , the crowds more unruly . 
 it is as if twilight unleashes a darker undertow . 
 elijah feels the turn as the day goes from wistful to stark . 
 the streets are so narrow they cry for confusion and claustrophobia . 
 they desire speed , the rush of running through a maze . 
 it is like a movie , elijah thinks . 
 a james bond movie . 
 there is no speed limit for pedestrians . 
 it is n't like he 's poolside-no running allowed . 
 unencumbered by packages , still high on the day , elijah decides to bolt . 
 bystanders are surprised . 
 elijah has been casually walking along . 
 now he runs as if he 's being chased by kgb agents . 
 it is n't entirely like a james bond movie-he is careful not to knock down passersby or vendors of fruit . 
 as he gains speed , the streets seem to narrow further . 
 the buildings threaten to cave in on him . 
 the corners are sharper than before . 
 the back of his coat trails in the air . 
 elijah wants to whoop with joy-running every which way , catapulting himself over bridges , a fascinating streak in a photo that will be developed weeks from now . 
 he is tired , but he 's free . 
 he is living , because he 's in motion . 
 exhilaration . 
 acceleration . 
 exhilaration . 
 acceleration . 
 stop . 
 he almost runs into the wall of people . 
 he is flying along , and then the crowd looms like a dead end . 
 he could turn around , but curiosity encourages momentum . 
 he touches the back of the crowd and then makes his way forward . 
 `` doctor ? 
 medico ? '' 
 a small female voice cries from somewhere in the front . 
 elijah pushes forward some more and then sees the girl and her distress . 
 she is holding the same travel dictionary that danny carries . 
 `` puo chiamare un medico , per favore ? '' 
 from her accent , it 's clear she took french in high school . 
 at her feet , a guy lies bleeding . 
 elijah steps back . 
 he stares at the wound and then traces its trail to the pavement . 
 the guy and the girl , both easily american , are no more than a year older than elijah . 
 the guy is bleeding , but he 's also trying to smile . 
 elijah immediately feels a kinship and offers help . 
 he looks at the young man 's wound . 
 it does n't seem too serious-the girl explains that he tripped on a wet stone and hit his head . 
 she wonders whether he should be moved . 
 no one in the crowd seems to have the answer-many are starting to walk away . 
 the young man rests his head on an l.l. bean backpack . 
 elijah introduces himself and pulls a kleenex out of his pocket to help stanch the flow of blood . 
 the young man-greg-is calmer than his partner-isabel . 
 as she frantically procures a handkerchief from a shopkeeper , he tells elijah it 's really not so bad . 
 `` liar , '' isabel says . 
 `` the shopkeeper said help is on the way . 
 do you know what the italian word for ` stitches ' is ? 
 it 's not in this stupid dictionary . '' 
 just then , help arrives . 
 elijah almost laughs . 
 the `` ambulance '' is a wicker chair placed on a wheeled cart . 
 elijah moves away from greg as two men lift him into position . 
 the blood has now spread over his shirtfront in baby-food dribbles . 
 despite his eddie bauer wardrobe , greg looks like a bloodied prisoner being taken to the gallows . 
 isabel steps from one side of the chair to the other-she does n't know where to be . 
 elijah hands her the backpack and stands to follow . 
 but the paramedics are already on the move , with isabel running hastily behind them . 
 greg looks over , one hand holding the kleenex to his brow , the other hand raised in a tom hanks salute . 
 elijah watches the chair disappear around a corner and immediately feels a loss . 
 he ca n't believe that you can meet a person in this way and then lose touch with them forever . 
 he could check all the hotels in venice and look for a greg and an isabel , but he knows he wo n't . 
 he wants to , though . 
 because he wants to believe in sudden fate . 
 the crowd has dispersed . 
 people are obliviously stepping across the lines of blood , turning them into streaks and footprints . 
 those people who did n't see the incident look at the stain with disgust and dismay . 
 elijah just stares-his momentum is over , his giddiness lost . 
 a hand touches his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll be fine , '' a voice says . 
 elijah turns around , and there she is-easily one of the loveliest girls he 's ever seen . 
 she has short brown hair-light brown-and dazzling azure eyes . 
 her complexion is smooth . 
 -lrb- elijah , who never notices these things , not even when stoned , suddenly notices them now . -rrb- 
 she is n't wearing any make-up . 
 she looks twenty , give or take a year . 
 and she is concerned about him . 
 he sees that right away . 
 elijah is afraid to speak , for fear that any word he says will come out as `` uh . '' 
 `` what you did was very nice , '' the girl continues . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 they hang on a pause . 
 elijah looks to the ground , looks back up , and she 's still there . 
 a second pause will lead to departure . 
 elijah wants her to stay , so he gives her his name . 
 `` i 'm elijah . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , elijah . 
 i 'm julia . '' 
 a bell chimes . 
 then three bells , and five bells , and seven bells at once . 
 it is six o'clock . 
 `` oh my god , i 'm late ! '' 
 julia 's eyes flash a genuine panic . 
 then they refocus on elijah . 
 she touches his forearm . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . 
 i promise . '' 
 and there is , that moment , a shock of recognition . 
 elijah does n't even know yet what he is recognizing . 
 there is only the shock . 
 the sense . 
 that feeling of something happening that was meant to happen . 
 two people fitting in a space and time . 
 for a moment . 
 julia smiles sorry at him and then is gone . 
 elijah stands still . 
 julia is the kind of person who leaves a vapor trail . 
 traces of an accent , carried into memory . 
 a perfume of kindness and expectation . 
 a strange sense of certainty . 
 elijah can not explain it . 
 the i 'll see you soon could be mis taken for a generic farewell . 
 the i promise can not be . 
 julia knows she will see him soon . 
 he hopes she 's right . 
 it is quiet when elijah returns to the room . 
 it is quiet , but not completely silent . 
 danny 's breathing is as barely noticeable as the rise and fall of his body . 
 as elijah steps gently over the floorboards , a bigger sound arrives . 
 underneath the hotel windows , a gondolier begins to sing with great passion , to cheers from all along the waterway . 
 elijah peers out and watches as other gondoliers move closer to be nearer to the first gondolier 's boat . 
 an accordion begins . 
 elijah opens a window wide . 
 the only smell is the breeze . 
 even though the water is a churnish brown , for a moment elijah can imagine it 's a sapphire blue . 
 that is how he feels . 
 the gondolier is passing by , leaving the sound of the waves and an undertow from the gritti 's cafe . 
 this is why we go on holiday , elijah thinks . 
 you ca n't get moments like this at home . 
 the familiar can only bring another kind of wonderful . 
 even though the sun is lowering , even though there are dinner reservations to be upheld and clothes to change , elijah lets danny sleep . 
 he pulls a chair to the window and takes dickens 's pictures from italy from his bag . 
 he reads five pages and then , on his sixth page , he finds these words : `` sunday was a day so bright and blue : so cloudless , balmy , wonderfully bright ... that all the previous bad weather vanished from the recollection in a moment . '' 
 and elijah thinks , that is exactly it . 
 the serendipity of the printed page . 
 danny wakes up as elijah turns the twenty-first page of that day . 
 he is happy until he looks at his watch -lrb- sitting guiltily on the bedside table -rrb- . 
 then he becomes frantic . 
 `` why did n't you wake me ? '' 
 he accuses as he pulls on his pants . 
 he ca n't help it-he feels sabotaged . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' elijah says in a tone that is n't sorry at all . 
 danny hustles elijah out of the room and orders the concierge to call the restaurant and pronounce a delay . 
 elijah is glad he spent the afternoon wandering , because danny sprints him to the vaporetto so fast that there is n't much time to look at anything . 
 even on the boat , the air between them is tense and time-concerned . 
 elijah wants to let go of danny 's thoughts - after all , no amount of grimacing will make the boat go faster . 
 but danny 's aggravation is inescapable . 
 it imposes . 
 elijah closes his eyes and thinks of julia . 
 he tries to count the number of words they exchanged-whatever the number is , it is unbelievably small . 
 there is no real reason for elijah to be thinking about her with such wistful longing . 
 and yet , it is exactly because there 's no real reason that the emotion is more intriguing . 
 after a time-a time filled with water and alleyways-they arrive at antico capriccio . 
 it is a tiny restaurant , on the corner of somewhere and nowhere . 
 it has been recommended by a friend of a friend of danny 's . 
 he had to mention the friend of a friend 's name when making the reservation-the continental equivalent of a secret handshake . 
 they are greeted at the door by an old man named joseph . 
 it soon becomes clear that he is owner and waiter , maitre d' and busboy . 
 whenever possible , he stays out of the kitchen . 
 that is his wife 's territory . 
 joseph does n't speak much english , and does n't care to hear it anyway . 
 danny starts to ask if visa is accepted , but joseph brushes the question away like a foul odor . 
 chatting amiably , he seats danny and elijah by an ancient fireplace . 
 they are the only ones in the restaurant-or , at the very least , the only ones they can see . 
 joseph brings them wine before they even see the menus . 
 danny tries to protest-he prefers white to red . 
 but elijah takes the wine gladly ; just the sight of it makes him feel warm . 
 the menus are entirely in italian . 
 danny and elijah both feel the need for danny 's travel dictionary , but they are too abashed to take it out . 
 it does n't matter anyway-when an answer is n't immediately forthcoming , joseph pulls the menus from their hands and orders for them . 
 he clearly revels in their confusion , but not in a mean-spirited , french way . 
 let me take care of you , his smile says . 
 elijah relaxes and submits willingly after it is made clear that he is vegetariano . 
 danny has never been able to submit willingly to anything besides his boss 's whims . 
 he is not about to start now . 
 he asks if the fish is good . 
 joseph laughs and walks away . 
 `` so how was your day ? '' 
 danny asks , his fingers tapping the table . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 `` around . '' 
 `` the weather was good ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` it did n't rain ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 talking like this is like throwing small , round stones - nothing can be built from them , except perhaps the cairn of a lost conversation . 
 neither brother is trying . 
 instead , they are filling the space , united by their mutual dislike of awkward silence . 
 joseph returns to light a candle . 
 elijah spots a medal on his lapel and asks if he 's ever been in a war . 
 this is clearly the right question to ask . 
 joseph takes the medal from his jacket and lets elijah hold it in his hand . 
 in a river of italian broken by crags of english , he talks about his days in the military-il paese , il fiume , la morte . 
 elijah hears the word diciannove , but can not tell whether it is an age or a number of years . 
 as joseph leaves to compel the first course , elijah finds himself thinking once more about julia . 
 it surprises him-to be hearing an old man 's reminiscence of the war one moment , and to be recalling her eyes in the next . 
 the segue is in the story-telling-he sees joseph 's words as something he wants to share with julia . 
 he does n't know whether he 'll ever see her again , but still he feels the need to tell her things . 
 how strange , he thinks . 
 how very strange . 
 his hope to see her again is prayerful-not because it is addressed to a spirit , but because it is mysteriously drawn from an unknown part of his soul . 
 my soul . 
 how very strange . 
 `` so how 's your girlfriend ? 
 `` danny asks . 
 elijah is jarred-how could danny know about julia-and why would he call her that ? 
 danny sees the confusion on elijah 's face and tries again . 
 `` you know-what 's her name-cat ? '' 
 `` cat ? '' 
 `` you know , the girl you hang out with . '' 
 `` oh . 
 cal . '' 
 `` yeah , cal . '' 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . '' 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 elijah thinks about cal and feels a vague sort of distance . 
 for the first time , she seems out of reach . 
 all of their wonder twin telepathic powers have failed him . 
 `` whenever you need me , '' she 'd say , `` wiggle your ears . '' 
 elijah never had the heart to tell her he could n't wiggle his ears . 
 he 'd just smile and nod , and know -lrb- wiggle or not -rrb- they would never have distance , even when they were apart . 
 but now-what does it mean ? 
 cal is suddenly a homemovie presence . 
 the feeling of non-feeling is inescapable . 
 elijah assumes it will pass . 
 he reasons it out-in a corner of a restaurant in a corner of a city , it is natural to feel away and apart . 
 as soon as he gets back to the hotel , he 'll be able to pull out his magic 8 ball keychain and conjure cal from the radio-waved ether . 
 simple as that . 
 as elijah drifts off and joseph mercifully brings the first course , danny 's thoughts also turn to the distance from home . 
 he thinks about voice mail and conference calls , even though he hates himself for doing so . 
 he 's not so far gone that he does n't know such thoughts are inappropriate . 
 but such thoughts bring urgency to his life . 
 without them , he would have no clear game to play . 
 `` remind me to call allison when we get back to the hotel , '' he tells elijah . 
 `` allison ? '' 
 elijah echoes with a distinct question mark . 
 `` yes . 
 she 's working on the ranch-dressing account with me . 
 i need to check in with her . 
 see what 's going on . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 elijah 's curiosity deflates . 
 `` we 're supposed to get the shooting script in for this great ad . 
 spike lee might direct it . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 you 'd think i had the most boring job in the world , danny sighs to himself . 
 you 'd think i was an accountant . 
 or a dentist . 
 i mean , spike lee 's a big deal . 
 advertising is as creative as being a snotty english-major-in-training . 
 elijah 's problem , in danny 's mind , is that he has no sense of what it takes to make a living . 
 danny 's problem , in elijah 's mind , is that he has no sense of what it takes to make a life . 
 when danny mentioned allison 's name , elijah had been hoping she was a girlfriend . 
 danny used to have dozens of girlfriends , most of them nicer to elijah than danny himself . 
 in high school , marjorie keener had brought along an extra flower for elijah when she picked danny up for the prom . 
 angelica , danny 's freshman-year college girlfriend , had spent most of their spring break playing boggle with elijah until the wee hours of the morning . 
 -lrb- danny never played , because danny always lost . -rrb- 
 sophie-from junior year-had been cool , even if elijah had spotted her eating disorder before danny ever noticed . 
 that relationship did n't last very long . 
 now danny did n't have anyone . 
 he had allison-an office full of allisons . 
 no doubt the only thing he ever shared with them was an elevator ride . 
 `` so how 's your job going this summer ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 he 's already plowed through his pasta . 
 elijah has taken two bites . 
 `` it 's okay , '' elijah replies . 
 he 'd almost forgotten about working in his school 's admissions office . 
 it was that kind of job . 
 `` so you sort through applications ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 we just file last year 's applications . 
 there was this one girl-she painted her whole room the school colors and sent in a photo with her holding a paintbrush . 
 just to get in . '' 
 `` did she get in ? '' 
 `` yes , actually . '' 
 `` and that 's all you do all day-file ? 
 will that get you into college ? '' 
 `` well , we ca n't all be in advertising . '' 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 elijah bends back over his pasta . 
 danny tries to signal joseph for more wine , but joseph is nowhere to be found . 
 danny and elijah are both struck by the abruptness of their conversation . 
 they both know they 've gone a little bit too far . 
 they 've broken their unwritten agreement-they are allowed to gibe each other , but it 's never supposed to get too personal . 
 danny had always been too old to beat up elijah . 
 even to a ten-year-old , a seven-year difference seems unfair . 
 danny was not above using force to get his way-an arm twist for the remote control or a shove to get the front seat . 
 but it was not the habitual violence symptomatic of a usual brother-brother relationship . 
 instead , danny showed elijah the depth of his disdain . 
 there were times of pure love , for sure . 
 but when danny wanted to strike out , he did it with a shrug , not a fist . 
 if he wanted to , he could pretend elijah was n't there . 
 elijah could preen or caterwaul-whatever he did , he only made it worse in danny 's eyes . 
 eventually , elijah gave up . 
 he found his own private universe . 
 and he learned his own form of disdain . 
 the bad can be found in anything . 
 it is so much easier to find than the good . 
 so when elijah hears advertising , he thinks sellout and phony and liar . 
 most of all , he thinks , my brother is so different from me . 
 he is so wrong . 
 and when danny hears i 'm going to be an english major when i get to college , he thinks pothead fallback and no sense of reality and penniless . 
 he thinks , anything but me . 
 perhaps joseph senses this divide as he brings the main course . 
 he has brought them different dishes , but knows they will not share . 
 there is sadness in his eyes , because he knows they will not experience the full joy of the meal . 
 the meal is , in fact , one of the best they 've ever had . 
 even elijah , who never thinks of food as something that can be enjoyed like a cd , is enraptured . 
 it is an experience they will talk about for years to come . 
 and , more important , it is a meal they can talk about for the rest of the evening , all the way back to the hotel . 
 elijah is nervous when the time comes to pay the check and leave the tip . 
 but danny surprises him by leaving thirty percent . 
 they both chorus joseph with thank-yous before they leave into the night . 
 joseph smiles and pats the two brothers on the back . 
 he watches as they slowly walk to the vaporetto station . 
 then he returns to their table and pushes the chairs together before he leaves . 
 they are due to visit murano the next morning . 
 elijah can not believe it is already their last day in venice . 
 he feels like he 's only just arrived . 
 the prospect of florence -lrb- and furthermore rome -rrb- excites him , but not as much as before . 
 it is the traveler 's great dilemma . 
 when he arrived , elijah had felt he was wandering over vast sands . 
 now he realizes he 's been in an hourglass the whole time . 
 will that get you into college ? 
 - danny 's words from last night . 
 his question . 
 the ever-present question . 
 the applications lie in unopened envelopes . 
 cal has put them in alphabetical order on his desk . 
 she scribbles comments under the postmarks , the things she 's found from visits he has n't made , information sessions he has n't even considered . 
 he knows he 's supposed to hate high school . 
 everybody says they hate high school . 
 the cliques , the insecurity , the pressure . 
 but elijah has somehow found a place that he loves . 
 it is not childhood . 
 it is not adulthood . 
 it is now , and it too resides in the hourglass . 
 he 'd chosen a high school his brother had never been . 
 teachers who had never heard danny 's name . 
 hallways that would n't bear his echo . 
 he had n't been sent away , although maybe he 'd made it sound that way to the friends he was leaving back home . 
 but he had wanted to go . 
 he had wanted to live there and sleep there and wake there . 
 he had wanted to be somewhere entirely new . 
 not because of danny or his parents , who were at first a little sad about him going away , but then felt better when he said it was about getting a different experience , not about escaping . 
 funny , but at the time it had seemed like a grown-up thing to do . 
 planning for your future , his father had said . 
 once he got there , though , the future was the last thing on his mind . 
 when he went home to his parents and his old friends , that was the past . 
 and cal and ivan and the others were the present . 
 the future ? 
 maybe danny was the future . 
 but less so . 
 the avoidable future . 
 elijah lies awake for an hour before he rises from the hotel bed . 
 he drifts from the past to the near past . 
 he wishes memory could be as easy as breathing . 
 thoughts of julia begin to blur within the air . 
 the sound of small waves seems to bring on the daylight . 
 danny has trouble waking up . 
 the time zones have finally caught up with him . 
 reluctantly , he gets dressed and plods his way to breakfast with elijah . 
 he realizes he has become a full member of the society of temporary expatriates-the dining area is filled with people from their flight or from the synagogue or from loud american conversations on the street . 
 danny feels a displaced sense of community . 
 even on the vaporetto ride to murano , he spots a teenager from the plane , who was wearing a wolverines t-shirt yesterday and now pledges sartorial allegiance to the bulls . 
 murano is an island known throughout the world for its glass . 
 danny is surprised to find that most of its buildings are stone . 
 with jet-lag weariness , he allows himself to be led to kilns and hammerings . 
 he admires without touching . 
 he is amazed when color appears from the wand of the glassblower . 
 he expects to find the glass clear , but instead discovers it rimmed with red or blue . 
 by the third stop , danny is ready to leave . 
 he feels very much like his reflection-worn out and only vaguely present . 
 elijah is kept awake by his wonder . 
 danny subsides . 
 `` a nap , '' he says . 
 but elijah is n't listening . 
 he is looking around , as if for someone else . 
 `` who are you looking for ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` no one , '' elijah replies , focusing now . 
 yeah , right , danny thinks . 
 he figures his brother is looking for some old lady he helped to cross the street . 
 or maybe that girl from the plane who would n't shut up about herself . 
 `` do you want to go back for a quick nap before we leave ? '' 
 danny asks , even though it 's only eleven . 
 elijah nods . 
 he wants to go back . 
 but he does n't have any intention of napping . 
 the laws of gravity vary from city to city . 
 in venice , the laws state that no matter where you want to go , you will always be drawn back to st. mark 's square . 
 even though you know it will be immensely crowded , and even though you have nothing in particular to do there , you will still feel yourself drawn . 
 elijah diverges from danny at the gates of the hotel and finds himself gravitating . 
 he moves as if he knows the place . 
 it is a spiritual familiarity . 
 past the coffee bars and through the crowds of pigeons , elijah heads for the basilica . 
 it is busy , as it always is . 
 there are numerous signs prohibiting photography . 
 some tourists rankle at this and fail to put their cameras away . 
 others would never imagine taking a photograph in such a place . 
 they stand solemnly before the statues and say prayers of thanks or pain . 
 elijah pays his admission and walks into the entryway . 
 immediately he is amazed by the floors . 
 marble of every color - triangles and squares dancing in greater shapes . 
 as others rush past , elijah kneels down . 
 he runs his hand over the marble . 
 other people stop to watch him , and it is only then that they too see the floors . 
 elijah is overwhelmed by the sheer fact of all the people who have walked over this very spot . 
 as he watches nikes and loafers glide past , he tries to fathom the feet of centuries ago . 
 a person could stay in this same place his whole life and meet millions of people from all over the world . 
 but instead , everyone moves on , and meets no one . 
 from the floor , elijah looks to the ceiling-all gold tile and mural , epic scenes and godly interventions . 
 the ceilings speak a different language from the floors . 
 both are art , but the ceilings are story while the floors are mathematic . 
 people walk between , every single one of them a foreigner . 
 elijah stands back up and re-enters the flow . 
 he veers toward the corners , delicate shrines that counterbalance the immensity of the building . 
 he stops in front of a saint he does n't know . 
 candles flicker at her feet . 
 elijah loves the ceremony of candles-his mother waving her hands over the flames on shabbat , or the two memorial candles that beacon through the house on yom kippur . 
 this is , of course , a different context . 
 yet elijah is tempted to light a candle , just the same . 
 he puts three thousand lire in the box and pulls a candle from its stand . 
 he 'll light one for cal . 
 she 's christian , so that must be legal . 
 he wonders what she 'd wish for . 
 he wonders what she 'd want to tell the saint . 
 he touches the wick against another candle . 
 he wonders if its wish transfers with the flame . 
 the wax drips onto his hand . 
 an old woman shuffles up and takes a candle for herself . 
 cal . 
 cal . 
 cal . 
 `` happiness , '' elijah whispers . 
 then he places the candle at the altar . 
 the wax cools on his hand as he pulls away . 
 the old woman lights her candle , and a smile flickers across her face . 
 elijah thinks of birthdays , and wonders why birthday wishes are n't made when the candles are lit . 
 if he could have his way , candles would never be blown out . 
 after a few minutes of candle staring , he drops some extra coins into the candle box . 
 not for the candle , but for all candles . 
 no payback necessary . 
 back at the hotel , danny realizes too late that it 's too early to take a nap . 
 he wrestles across his bed and tries to contort himself into sleepfulness , but it 's no use . 
 after a half hour of impatient waking , danny shifts to the side of the bed and picks up the phone . 
 it takes a showdown with a contentious operator -lrb- who seemingly would n't know an atandt calling card if it rode a gondola up to her desk -rrb- for danny to place a call to his voice mail . 
 there are nine new messages , which makes danny happy , even as he mentally chastises all the people who have left him messages when his outgoing message clearly states that he is away . 
 4 to save , 6 to delete , 1 to respond . 
 these dialing commands have become an essential part of danny 's being , his voice-mail mantra . 
 even after a live phone conversation , danny finds himself hitting 6 to erase what he 's just heard . 
 now he plows through the messages with corporate efficiency . 
 he is happy to hear that there are n't any emergencies , and he is happy to hear that not much else is happening , either . 
 message six is from cody in legal , who informs danny that one of his catchphrases has just been registered for trademarking . 
 danny smiles at that and forwards the message to allison . 
 he tells her he loves to be working in a country where the phrase `` all the oil you need '' can be owned . 
 after listening through the messages -lrb- sometimes twice -rrb- , danny faces a different set of options . 
 1 to record a message , 8 to change a message , 3 to listen to saved messages . 
 danny 1s his work-friend john , just to say hey . 
 then he 1s allison to tell her all is well and that he hopes work is n't too chaotic with him gone . 
 as soon as he 's hit the # key to end , he realizes he has something more to say , so he 1s her again and tells her he hopes she 's not working too too late . 
 then he phones his assistant and says the same thing . 
 he thinks about 1ing gladner or gladner to thank them for the time off . 
 but even he sees how ridiculous this would sound , especially since they 've sent him away to think of things other than work . 
 impulsively-reluctant to hang up quite yet-danny hits 3 . 
 then he lies back on the bed and closes his eyes . 
 you have eight old messages , the voice-mail femail says . 
 your first message is one year , five months , and twelve days old . 
 cue : the twilight zone theme . 
 starting with a click of the tape recorder , then growing louder . 
 `` yes , folks , we 've entered a world of bright lights and big cities ... a world of wine , women , and thongs ... a world where debutantes still roam the soho plains in search of the perfect two-hundred-dollar t-shirt bargain . 
 yes , we have entered ... the danny zone ! 
 do-do-do-do do-do-do-do . 
 my name is enigo montoya , but you can call me will for short . 
 i will soon be entering the danny zone and need to arrange the peculiars . 
 so please give a call back at 415-66-hell , you can use your esp to complete the number . 
 i eagerly await your call . 
 if you do n't call back in fifteen seconds , i will self-destruct . 
 fifteen . 
 fourteen . 
 thirteen ... '' one year , five months , and twelve days old . 
 which would make it one year , five months , and two days since he last saw will , his best friend in the whole wide world-until the whole wide world intervened . 
 he had flown in five days after the message , while danny was caught in a tempest of work . 
 `` can you make time ? '' 
 will had asked . 
 `` i ca n't make time , '' danny had responded , `` but if you know someone who does make time , i 'd be more than happy to buy a lot of it from him . '' 
 before the call , it had been another year since they 'd seen each other . 
 in that year , danny had stayed in the same place and had progressed in the same job . 
 will had lived in spain , nebraska , and california.he 'd been a playwright , a computer consultant , and a door-to-door salesman . 
 he had a million stories to tell . 
 danny only had one or two . 
 he did n't want to bore will with the details of his work , and at the same time he resented the way such details became boring . 
 will wanted to stay up late and go to clubs where the barmaids were playfully cruel . 
 he wanted to hit galleries and pawnshops and diners where a grilled cheese still cost two dollars and the tomato came free . 
 danny did n't know such places . 
 after two days , he felt he did n't know the city at all . 
 `` what have you been doing ? '' 
 will asked with mock exasperation . 
 and the only answer danny could think of was , living my life . 
 will wanted danny to cut work . 
 danny felt he could n't . 
 will wanted danny to get a tattoo . 
 danny would n't . 
 they parted on good terms , but it felt like parting , and it felt like terms . 
 danny had n't meant to lose touch with will - but all it took was one lost change-of-address card and the fact that will refused to have e-mail . 
 danny heard word through friends of friends-will was now a potter in oregon-but he knew it was n't enough to send word back . 
 after all , will knew where danny was . 
 it was n't like he 'd moved . 
 please press 4 to save , 6 to delete , or 7-3 to listen to this message again , the voice-mail femail insists . 
 danny hits 4 . 
 1-to respond-is only an option for internal calls . 
 while danny dials transatlantic , elijah walks to the top of the basilica . 
 not to the dome , but to the balcony . 
 touched fullforce by the sun , he watches over the square , tourists moving like rivulets of water , birds shifting like newsprint fingerprints . 
 a string band concertos to the left , while a trumpeter blasts from the right . 
 strangely , the two sounds complement rather than conflict . 
 the bell tower begins to ring . 
 the time is marked . 
 elijah breathes . 
 he breathes deeply and tries to pull his sight into his breath , and his hearing into his breath , and his feeling into his breath . 
 he knows this will be his goodbye to venice . 
 the rest will be walking and packing and checking out . 
 this is the height . 
 this is the time for thanks . 
 he thinks of julia , the stranger , and says goodbye to her as well . 
 he thinks of julia , and she appears . 
 she does n't see him at first . 
 she steps out onto the balcony and walks to the edge . 
 she leans against the railing and dangles her head over . 
 she is smiling at the square , like a child tummydown on a swing , pretending to fly . 
 elijah knows he is not part of this picture . 
 he knows he is seeing more of her than he would be brave enough to give of himself . 
 wonder lights her face . 
 she stands up straight again and shakes her head in a barely perceptible motion . 
 she is watching sunset , even though the sun is still high in the sky . 
 then , with another shake of her head , she moves a step back . 
 her smile is now self-aware . 
 she knows she is a bit loony in her wonder , but she does n't really mind . 
 elijah walks over before he can think about it . 
 he walks over because what he feels is strange enough to be a dream , and in dreams ordinary rules do not apply . 
 `` hello again , '' he says . 
 she turns to him and looks momentarily surprised . 
 not displeased . 
 but surprised . 
 `` hello , '' she says . 
 `` is n't this wonderful ? '' 
 he looks back over the square . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` it makes me want to - '' '' - fly ? '' 
 julia laughs . 
 `` yes ! 
 exactly ! 
 how did you know what i was going to say ? '' 
 and the answer is : because i was going to say the same thing . 
 elijah feels the electric rush that comes when coincidence turns into coinciding . 
 he feels nervous and comfortable , disbelieving and amazed . 
 he does not need to know what is happening in order to know something is happening . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` toronto , '' she replies , her inflections now explained . 
 `` have you been here long ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 they are not looking at each other . 
 instead , they stare out into the square , each extremely aware of the other 's every breath , every move . 
 this does n't make sense , he thinks . 
 her arm brushes his , and when she turns to see him , loose strands of her short hair blow over her eyes . 
 `` i 'm going to florence , '' he says . 
 and she says , `` i am , too . '' 
 iii . 
 florence since danny can stand elijah 's driving even less than elijah can stand danny 's , it is danny who drives the rent-a-car . 
 within five minutes , they are lost on a road where it 's prolongedly impossible to make a u-turn . 
 in response , danny swears like a drag queen with a broken heel as elijah bends and folds the map into something approaching origami . 
 it is not a good moment . 
 danny swerves through the lanes , dodging the european cars that whiz by at incomprehensible speeds . 
 elijah wonders how guilty his parents will feel when both their sons get trapped in a fiery wreck in the middle of a prepaid vacation . 
 we are going to die , elijah genuinely thinks . 
 or , at the very least , we are going to kill a cyclist . 
 he takes some comfort in the fact that the stop signs still read stop . 
 eventually , the road they 're on turns into the road they had meant to get on in the first place . 
 once on the highway , danny relaxes behind the wheel . 
 elijah puts a cd in the stereo-paul simon 's graceland , something they can agree upon . 
 once the music is in , elijah decides to close his eyes . 
 if he ca n't see , he wo n't be scared . 
 he thinks of julia and the hour they 'd managed to steal before elijah had to leave venice . 
 a spare cafe hour of signals and conversation , sharing the arcane facts of their lives , touching upon the founding of rhode island and the temperature of a toronto summer day . 
 finally , he 'd had to leave , their goodbye drawn out over a number of goodbyes and one-last-things to say . 
 he did n't know where he 'd be staying in florence , but she had been able to write down the name of her pensione.he promised to be there as soon as she arrived . 
 danny had not been happy when elijah returned so late . 
 when danny demanded to know why he was so tardy -lrb- such a schoolteacher word -rrb- , elijah disguised julia in a fit of mumbles and evasions , saying quite simply that he 'd been lost . 
 danny could believe this easily enough . 
 now they are making up for elijah 's delay , as danny fulfills all of his test-drive fantasies . 
 even with his eyes closed and the music playing , elijah can sense the impatient speed . 
 there are two kinds of drivers , he thinks : those who see the world around the road , and those who fixate on the road itself . 
 we 'll end up where we want to be . 
 we always do . 
 elijah reclines in the melody of `` under african skies '' and thinks once more of julia . 
 the promise of florence has become the promise of their next encounter . 
 but unlike danny , he is not in a rush . 
 he wants to feel the nervous sweetness of expectation , if only for a little while longer . 
 `` open your eyes . '' 
 elijah hears danny 's voice and wants to reject it . 
 he 's been safely , happily asleep , dreaming of a gondolier who sings love songs to a maiden on a bridge . 
 surely , danny does n't need to wake him . 
 surely , he can read his own map . 
 why ca n't he leave elijah to his reverie ? 
 `` i mean it . 
 open your eyes . '' 
 elijah stirs and groans . 
 he opens his eyes and sees the plastic wood of the dashboard . 
 graceland has now played twice around . 
 danny smiles in amusement and says , `` look outside . '' 
 elijah turns to the window and is startled straight into joy . 
 a field of sunflowers surrounds the road , devout yellow heads bent , an oceanic congregation . 
 elijah can not see beyond them . 
 there are so many , and they are all so bright . 
 sunflowers as far as the eye can see . 
 `` i wonder , '' danny says , `` are sunflowers called sunflowers because they look like the sun , or because they follow the sun ? 
 either one would be a perfectly good explanation , and there are so few things that deserve two perfectly good explanations . '' 
 the sunflowers are retreating now-elijah turns back to look at them , his wonder nearly dreamlike in its intensity and disbelief . 
 he feels a strange gratitude toward his brother , for he knows he could have slept through the whole thing . 
 so instead of answering danny 's question , he says , `` i met a girl named julia in venice . 
 `` and he tells a little bit of the story . 
 not the good parts . 
 but enough to let danny know what 's going on . 
 a girl , danny thinks . 
 elijah has met a girl . 
 he does n't know how he feels about this . 
 florence is not quite what danny or elijah had been expecting . 
 venice , in many ways , has misled them into thinking that the past can remain fully intact . 
 and yet here is florence , a city of the past with a city of the present imposed right atop it . 
 -lrb- the future is nowhere to be found . -rrb- 
 benettons grow in the cracks between cathedrals . 
 moped-clad citizens run on caffeinated fumes . 
 crosswalks are suddenly necessary . 
 ghettoblaster teenagers skateboard past multinational newsstands . 
 the arno river shrugs by . 
 for a moment , traffic makes florence seem like anywhere else . 
 as danny curses and stops and starts and struggles for direction , elijah takes drive-by snapshots of the city and its contradictions . 
 venice was a museum city ; florence is a city with museums . 
 there is , elijah thinks , a big spiritual difference between the two . 
 danny and elijah are staying a little outside the city , at the excelsior on the piazza ognissanti . 
 there is a message waiting for them at the desk . 
 elijah 's heart lifts when he sees the envelope , wondering how julia could have known . 
 but the message is from mr. and mrs. silver-hoping you 're having a lovely time ! 
 - signed with much love . 
 danny grumbles a little -lrb- he still has not entirely forgiven his parents ' trickery -rrb- and hands elijah the note . 
 the porter brings their bags to the room , and they immediately depart . 
 -lrb- elijah takes a piece of the hotel stationery with him , just so he 'll know where he 's staying . -rrb- 
 elijah wants to track julia down immediately . 
 but danny is so antsy that he 's willing to forgo his afternoon nap . 
 this day is not supposed to be a transportation day-it is supposed to be a florence day , and danny is willing to take the necessary steps to see it before sundown . 
 they taxi to the center of the city in the most rushed hour of the day . 
 danny is reminded of home-men with their leather briefcases jostle down the sidewalk , exuding a barely concealed hostility . 
 a woman with a stroller crosses against traffic ; horns blare in response . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 the taxi driver asks . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 danny looks down and notices elijah 's shoes are untied . 
 `` you 'd better tie them , '' he says . 
 elijah scowls and makes a double knot . 
 the driver nods and turns up the radio . 
 elijah stares out the window , somehow expecting julia to be there , waving . 
 the duomo is closed , so elijah and danny must be content with walking around its brilliantly traceable exterior . 
 `` not bad , for a church , '' danny says . 
 elijah is elsewhere . 
 `` where 's she staying ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` here , '' elijah replies , pulling out an old bank receipt with an address written in red ink on the back . 
 `` then i guess we 'd better go there and ask her to dinner . '' 
 it is , by all means , an awkward situation . 
 because elijah has no intention of sharing his time with anyone but julia . 
 but at the same time , he must be grateful for his brother 's gesture . 
 as they wait in the lobby for julia to appear , elijah tries to conjure somewhere else for danny to go . 
 but it 's no use ... for now . 
 the elevator teasingly discharges passengers who are markedly not julia . 
 danny laughs to himself as they disembark , imagining that one of the sixtysomething dowagers is the woman for whom elijah has so obviously fallen . 
 he almost does n't notice when julia arrives . 
 it 's from elijah 's beaming that danny can tell . 
 so this is julia , he thinks . 
 she is n't really attractive-rather boyish , with her hair so short and no make-up . 
 no br ** sts to speak of . 
 in fact , no real curves of any kind . 
 and what is a girl without curves if not , well , a boy ? 
 danny is confounded by his brother 's choice . 
 `` julia , this is my brother , danny . 
 danny , this is julia . '' 
 she does n't have a label yet . 
 she is just julia . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 elijah does n't know what to do . 
 he does n't know what to say , does n't know where to put his hands , does n't know how familiar to be with julia , especially with danny watching . 
 julia sends him a winking look-something for them to share-and suddenly elijah feels okay with the situation . 
 danny is harmless . 
 julia is everything . 
 it is , by european standards , obscenely early for dinner - not yet seven o'clock . 
 this makes it easier for them to change their reservation from two to three . 
 it also ensures that the few other people in the restaurant will be english-speakers like themselves . 
 even though most of the tables are empty , they are seated right next to a family of six . 
 their acquaintance is soon enough made-the youngest child , age three , grabs elijah 's shirt as he goes to sit down . 
 the mother apologizes profusely , while elijah profusely declares that it 's no problem whatsoever . 
 soon enough , introductions are made , and mrs. allison feldstein of commack , long island , is telling the story of the feldstein fam-ily 's day in pisa : `` we were worried that we 'd be driving all that way for nothing-like those poor souls who drive halfway through south dakota to see mount rushmore . 
 you know what i mean ? 
 but davey has a sno-globe collection-don ' t you , davey ? 
 - and he really wanted to have one from the leaning tower . 
 and there 's a restaurant two towns over from ours named the tower of pizza , so the kids wanted to go on account of that , ha ha . 
 so we got in the car and drove there-it was n't as long as we thought it would be . 
 the drive was actually enjoyable . 
 and when we got there , the town itself was a very pleasant surprise . 
 it 's so strange to see something in person that you 've been seeing all your life . 
 i mean , everyone knows the tower leans . 
 but it 's not until you 're standing right there that you can truly understand what a spectacular kind of thing this is . 
 it 's really quite striking , especially when you 're looking at it from behind . 
 i mean , buildings just are n't meant to lean away from you , so it 's startling when they do . 
 the little one here was terrified it would fall , and i have to tell you , the thought crossed my mind , too . 
 it probably crosses everyone 's mind . 
 it shakes the fundamental trust we have in buildings . 
 and it 's a beautiful building-that 's something you never hear about . 
 it would be worth seeing even if it was n't leaning . 
 and the cathedral next to it-who even knew there was a cathedral ? 
 but it 's really one of the most striking ones we 've seen . 
 it was all white and shadow . 
 i loved it . 
 and believe you me , we 've seen more than enough cathedrals on this trip ... '' as elijah listens to this , danny shoots a look at julia-who rolls her eyes right back . 
 they have become prisoners of jewish geography , inextricably bonded to these similar strangers in a strange land . 
 mrs. feldstein 's children grow restless before either she or elijah does . 
 they are swapping itineraries-the feldsteins are on their way to venice and have just come from rome . 
 danny begins to play with the remnants of bread on the tablecloth . 
 julia laughs at this and begins to flick crumbs his way . 
 elijah turns back to the table aglow with conversation-only to find his brother and his newfound love skirmishing playfully . 
 it is the first time in a long time that he feels like the more mature brother . 
 as soon as he 's back , julia 's attention returns to him , and he feels all right again . 
 danny feels the center slip away from him . 
 he is once more a hypotenuse . 
 `` how was your drive ? '' 
 julia asks , and even though it could be meant for either of them , both of them know it is elijah 's place to answer . 
 `` fine , '' danny says . 
 `` if your idea of ` fine ' is being trapped in a car with the red baron driving , '' elijah adds . 
 `` you 're mixing your transportation metaphors . '' 
 `` it 's not a metaphor , it 's a reference . '' 
 julia smiles . 
 `` i think i 'm getting the picture , '' she says , and the two of them are reduced to silence . 
 `` you 'll have to pardon us-we 're brothers , '' danny says after a moment . 
 `` yes , i 've noticed . 
 i have four brothers of my own . '' 
 four brothers . 
 neither danny nor elijah can imagine having four brothers . 
 separately , they wonder if it 's harder or easier than having just one . 
 from this point on , julia owns the conversation . 
 elijah admires the fact that she is charming enough to make the people she is with act charming as well . 
 danny 's and elijah 's words suddenly run in paragraphs , not sentences . 
 they tell her of their parents ' trickery , of their lives back home . 
 danny talks about work , and even elijah is n't bored-not totally . 
 julia seems interested , and elijah is interested in the way she is interested . 
 the feldsteins leave , with mrs. feldstein writing down a list of sites they have to see in rome . 
 the language of the restaurant slowly shifts to italian . 
 as the other patrons arrive , danny , elijah , and julia lean into their table to offer critiques . 
 `` what i want to know is this , '' julia begins . 
 she has been drinking wine casually , and the effect can be heard in her voice . 
 `` all of the young italian men are so gorgeous , right ? '' 
 `` i had n't noticed , '' danny sniffs . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 elijah cries . 
 `` they are absolutely beautiful , and you know it . '' 
 `` okay , '' danny concedes . 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 julia smiles . 
 `` they all have this perfect proportion , this delicate balance of divinity and boyishness . 
 i can hardly manage to walk down the street without kissing a dozen strangers . 
 when i 'm around them , i feel like such a woman . 
 so my question is this : what happens ? 
 you see all of these beautiful young men ... and all of the old men are at least two feet shorter , round , and balding . 
 there 's no trace of the young men in the old men . 
 none whatsoever . 
 it 's like they dance at the ball until they 're thirty , then-poof ! 
 - the midnight bell chimes . 
 they shrink back to size , and their fiats turn into pumpkins . '' 
 `` what an awful thing to say ! '' 
 danny gasps in his most scandalized voice . 
 `` but true , eh ? '' 
 `` absolutely true . '' 
 there is a pause , and then danny asks , `` so what brings you here ? '' 
 he is still thinking of her walking down crowded narrow alleyways , kissing strangers . 
 `` it 's an old story , '' julia says , leaning back in her chair . 
 `` only for me , it 's new . 
 i went to school for industrial design . 
 all my life , i 've been fascinated by chairs-i know it sounds silly , but it 's true . 
 form meets purpose in a chair . 
 my parents thought i was crazy , but somehow i convinced them to pay my way to california . 
 to study furniture design . 
 i was all excited at first . 
 it was totally unlike me to go so far away from home . 
 but i was sick of the cold and sick of the snow . 
 i figured a little sun might change my life . 
 so i headed down to l.a. and roomed with the friend of an ex-girlfriend of my brother 's . 
 she was an aspiring radio actress , which meant she was home a lot . 
 `` at first , i loved it.i did n't even let the summer go by.i dove right into my classes . 
 soon enough , i learned i could n't just focus on chairs . 
 i had to design spoons and toilet-bowl cleaners and thermostats . 
 the math never bothered me , but the professors did . 
 they could demolish you in a second without giving you a clue of how to rebuild . 
 i spent more and more time in the studio , with other crazed students who guarded their own projects like toy-jealous kids . 
 i started to go for walks . 
 long walks . 
 i could n't go home because my roommate was always there . 
 the sun was too much for me , so i 'd stay indoors . 
 a certain kind of indoors-the anonymous indoors . 
 i spent hours in supermarkets , walking aisle to aisle , picking up groceries and then putting them back . 
 i went to bowling alleys and pharmacies . 
 i rode in buses that kept their lights on all night . 
 i sat in laundromats because once upon a time laundromats made me happy . 
 but now the hum of the machines sounded like life going past . 
 `` finally , one night i sat too long in the laundry . 
 the woman who folded in the back-alma-walked over to me and said , ` what are you doing here , girl ? ' 
 and i knew that there was n't any answer . 
 there could n't be any answer . 
 and that 's when i knew it was time to go . 
 `` i had saved some money-not much , but enough . 
 i was far from home , and my first decision was that i could n't go back . 
 i chose europe because it was somewhere else , and i 'd always wanted to go there . '' 
 `` you thought you 'd be happier here , '' elijah says . 
 julia shakes her head . 
 `` not really . 
 but i figured if i was going to be miserable , i might as well be miserable for different reasons . '' 
 `` and are you miserable ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` strangely , no . '' 
 he ca n't help but look her in the eye and ask more . 
 `` and have you found what you 're looking for ? '' 
 julia looks at him quietly for a moment , then shrugs . 
 `` i do n't even know what i 'm looking for , although i hope i 'll know it if i find it along the way . 
 sometimes i want to simplify my life into a single bare thing . 
 and other times i want to complicate it so thoroughly that everything i touch will become bound in some way to me . 
 i 've become quite aware of my contradictions , but there 's no true resolution in that . '' 
 the waiter returns , a conversational semicolon . 
 dessert and coffee are deferred . 
 danny tries to look julia in the eye again , but she is studying the tablecloth , finger-tracing lines around the remaining silverware . 
 elijah reaches over and touches her hand . 
 he feels nervous and brave . 
 she looks up and does n't pull away . 
 danny takes care of the check . 
 outside , night is just beginning . 
 the sun has been down for some time , but the italians use another definition for night . 
 as elijah and danny leave the restaurant , they take turns holding the door for julia . 
 she murmurs thank you to each and lifts on her toes when her face first touches the night air . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 elijah is taken aback . 
 he thought it was obvious . 
 `` we 're going to go for coffee , '' he says discreetly . 
 danny 's energy fades at once , confronted with a `` we '' that does n't include him . 
 `` oh , '' he says . 
 `` of course . '' 
 then , `` do you need money ? '' 
 `` no . 
 thank you . '' 
 danny waits for a moment . 
 he wants to see if julia is going to say anything . 
 if she wants him to stay , he will . 
 but julia remains silent , swaying from foot to foot . 
 elijah wants to ask his brother what he 's going to do , but is afraid it will sound too cruel . 
 `` do n't wake me when you come back , '' danny says instead . 
 then he turns to julia and tells her it 's been nice to meet her . 
 `` absolutely , '' she replies . 
 `` thank you for dinner . 
 i 'm sure we 'll see each other again soon . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 danny moves his hand in a little wave and makes his departure . 
 after he 's walked a block , he turns around and sees julia and elijah in the same lamplight frame , discussing where to go next . 
 their bodies are not touching , but their expressions are . 
 danny turns back to the street and heads for the hotel . 
 `` he seems nice , '' julia says , some minutes later . 
 `` well , i would n't call him naughty , if that 's the other choice , '' elijah replies . 
 they are walking alongside the arno - the sidewalk is also a river , of men in jackets and women with jewelry headed out into the evening . 
 the last thing elijah wants to talk about is danny . 
 `` so the two of you do n't get along ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 how many times has elijah heard this question before ? 
 even though it 's a question , it contains the speaker 's own observation : i 've seen the two of you and know you do n't get along . 
 is n't that true ? 
 elijah could say so much more than a simple `` not really . '' 
 he could compile lists of incidents and spites . 
 but then , when he recited them , he would sound bitter and mean-in other words , he would sound just like danny . 
 one of the worst things about danny is the tendency to take on elijah 's qualities when talking to or about him . 
 elijah can hardly bear it . 
 so ignoring it-ignoring him-seems like the best idea . 
 but julia persists . 
 `` still , he seems to care about you . '' 
 elijah wonders what observation this statement could be based upon . 
 `` not really , '' he mutters again . 
 `` i think you 're wrong . '' 
 elijah is growing impatient-danny is souring the conversation from afar . 
 `` look , '' he says , and immediately modifies his tone . 
 `` i guess you just have n't known us long enough . 
 he does n't really care about me at all . 
 not in any way that matters . '' 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 `` here 's an example . '' 
 elijah stops on a street corner and points to his shoes . 
 `` my shoelaces . 
 i know they come untied a lot . 
 i am aware of the situation . 
 but every chance danny gets , he 's telling me to tie my shoes . 
 at least once an hour , sometimes more frequently . 
 and i would n't mind it-i swear i would n't mind it-if he was actually concerned about my well-being . 
 if he was worried about me tripping into traffic , i would tie them every time . 
 but no . 
 he does n't care whether or not i fall on my face . 
 he wants me to tie my shoelaces because untied shoelaces annoy him . 
 they embarrass him . 
 they get on his nerves . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` believe me , i know . 
 if you live with someone all your life , you can tell when you are annoying them . 
 their face just shuts down . 
 their words sound almost mechanical , because they are reining in all the other emotions . 
 i think i 'd also know if i made danny happy , but i never make him happy . 
 ever . '' 
 elijah 's never said these exact words before , and now that he 's said them , they seem even more real . 
 they are so real , they scare him . 
 because elijah fundamentally wants everyone to be happy . 
 with everyone else , he still tries . 
 but he gave up on danny long ago , for so many reasons that they add up to no clear reason at all . 
 julia takes his hand . 
 he thinks the subject is finished , but then she asks , `` when did that start ? '' 
 she seems so genuinely to want to know the answer that he finds himself talking again . 
 `` i guess it was high school , '' he says . 
 `` so when he was your age now ? '' 
 that sounds strange to elijah , but he guesses it 's true . 
 he nods . 
 `` about my age . 
 and i was eleven or twelve . 
 just starting it all , you know . 
 and danny became a closed door to me . 
 literally . 
 wherever he went , the door closed behind him , and that 's all i 'd see . 
 like i 'd done something . 
 when he 'd open the door , when we actually saw him , he was always grouping me with my parents , always saying i was taking their side or scamming to get into their good graces . 
 that i was the good son . 
 but the thing is , he 'd been good , too . 
 then the doors started closing . 
 and it was n't even like he was doing anything so crazy . 
 i mean , he was n't shutting himself in his room and smoking up or looking at p * rn or sneaking in girlfriends . 
 he was n't hiding anything but himself . 
 and i just did n't get it . '' 
 `` do you get it now ? '' 
 julia asks . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't have a little brother , i guess . 
 it 's different at my school . 
 i like having the door open . '' 
 they have walked past the busier part of town and are now in a streetlight that barely glimmers above the river darkness . 
 `` he 's cute , you know , '' julia says . 
 `` he is ? '' 
 `` in that is n't - doing-what-he-wants-to-be way . 
 a look like that , you just want to help . '' 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' julia says . 
 `` you just want to tell him it 's okay to be himself . '' 
 `` and me ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 julia arches an eyebrow . 
 `` you ? 
 you 're much easier . 
 you 're cute in a cute way . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 julia smiles . 
 `` really . '' 
 elijah slowly feels lucky again . 
 danny has deliberately lost his way . 
 he feels it is too much of a defeat to return to the hotel so early . 
 he is suddenly concerned about what the concierge will think . 
 so he wanders through florence , which does n't feel like venice at all . 
 he walks down to the arno , to be by the water . 
 he leans against the railing and stares at the other side , thinking of home . 
 a few minutes later , he is distracted by an eager conversation , spoken in a foreign tongue . 
 not ten feet from him , a young couple talks in an embrace . 
 -lrb- young being seventeen or eighteen ... this has become young to danny , and he hates that . -rrb- 
 the boy is not beautiful , merely good-looking , wearing -lrb- of all things -rrb- a beret . 
 the girl has long hair that shifts every time she laughs.to them , danny is as real as the river or the city-nice , incidental music behind the conversation . 
 danny turns away , obtrusive in his own eyes . 
 the couple is taking in all the magic of the moment for themselves . 
 they have left danny with nothing but scenery and air . 
 and the air is beginning to chill . 
 danny moves away from the river , back to the streets . 
 paying closer attention , he realizes the packs that pass him are all american . 
 a succession of american collegians-all having the same conversations -lrb- `` and so i told her to ... '' `` are you telling me i should ... ? '' 
 `` get out of here ! '' -rrb- . 
 they are all attractive , or trying very hard to be attractive . 
 danny chuckles at this endless parade of semesters abroad . 
 he does n't feel at all like one of them . 
 he does n't have their gall or revelry . 
 it seems entirely fitting when the fluorescent logo of a 7-eleven rises before him . 
 amused , danny steps in-just to see if a 7-eleven in florence is any different from a 7-eleven in connecticut or california . 
 slurpee is spelled the same in any language , and while some of the beverages are different , the beverage cases still mist if he opens the door for too long . 
 struck by impulse , danny tracks down the snack cakes . 
 and indeed , there it is : the all-new , cosmetic-free miss jane 's homemade petite snack cake-translated into italian . 
 danny reads the name aloud , mispronouncing most of the syllables . 
 he grins and beams-these are words that he wrote at a desk thousands of miles away , not even knowing they 'd be translated into a language he 'd never spoken . 
 something that travels so far must be , at the very least , a little important . 
 there are only three snack cakes left . 
 danny buys them all-one for his parents , one for his office , and one for his own delight . 
 he ca n't wait to show people . 
 he wishes elijah were with him . 
 he wishes he were with someone who would understand-not just the seventeen-year-old cashier , looking embarrassed in his maroon , orange , and white uniform -lrb- such a combination has never before appeared in italy , especially not in polyester -rrb- . 
 buoyed by his discovery , danny returns to the hotel . 
 but he 's not ready for the night to end-not quite yet . 
 elijah is n't back , so danny heads for the bar . 
 since he thinks there is something disreputable about drinking a bottle of wine alone , he drinks by the glass until the world goes soft . 
 he drinks , even though drinking always makes him remember rather than forget . 
 he tells the bartender about the snack cake . 
 the bartender smiles happily and congratulates him . 
 danny is happy in return . 
 with the right person , you can have a late-night conversation at any time of the day . 
 but it helps to have it late at night . 
 elijah and julia are back in julia 's room , in julia 's pensione . 
 elijah touches the blanket and stares at the pictures on the wall , which he thinks of as hers , even though they are not hers at all . 
 all of her possessions are still in a suitcase . 
 `` i did n't have time to unpack , '' she explains . 
 `` you were here so soon . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry if i disturbed you . '' 
 `` do n't worry-i was already disturbed . '' 
 she takes off her shoes , and he follows suit . 
 although there are chairs in the room , they are far too rigid for casual conversation . 
 so elijah and julia sit on the floor , leaning on the same side of the bed . 
 `` i wish we had candles , '' elijah says . 
 `` what if we turn the lights off and leave only the lamp on ? '' 
 as julia rises to get the switch , elijah closes his eyes . 
 he can feel her moving across the room , he can see the change from light to dark , and then the small step back to light . 
 he can feel her returning to him . 
 sitting next to him . 
 breathing softly . 
 `` relax , '' she says , and the word itself is relaxing . 
 do you wonder ? 
 `` who are you thinking about ? '' 
 julia asks quietly . 
 `` nobody . 
 just my best friend . 
 wondering what time it is over there . '' 
 `` is he back in rhode island ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then the night is just beginning . '' 
 elijah opens his eyes , and finds that julia has closed hers . 
 their voices travel at the speed of night . 
 it takes three tries for danny to fit his key into the lock . 
 `` elijah ? '' 
 he asks . 
 but the bed is empty , and the room is alone . 
 slowly , elijah and julia begin to lose their words . 
 they fall from the conversation one by one , lengthening the pauses , heightening the expectation . 
 her hand moves from his arm to his cheek . 
 he closes his eyes , and she smiles . 
 he is so serious . 
 the first kiss is clear , ready to be set for memory . 
 the second and the third and the fourth begin to blur-they are no longer singular things , but part of something larger than even their sum . 
 `` thank you , '' elijah whispers in one of the moments of breath . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' julia replies , and before he can say another word , she kisses him again . 
 they kiss and touch and trace themselves to sleep . 
 they will wake at sunrise , in each other 's arms . 
 danny goes to sleep easily , and wakes up two hours later . 
 nausea infuses every pore of his consciousness . 
 part of him wants to throw up and get it over with . 
 and part of him remembers what he had for dinner-veal , asparagus , tomato bread soup-and wants to keep it in . 
 finally , he decides ginger ale is the way to go , and overrules his inner cheapskate to take a swipe at the minibar . 
 sadly , ginger ale is nowhere to be found . 
 fanta will have to do . 
 `` elijah-are you sleeping ? '' 
 danny fumbles for the bottle opener and cuts his hand on the cap . 
 he follows the rug to the lip of the bathroom , then liberates four tylenol from his travel kit . 
 the first tylenol falls down the drain , but the other three hit their mark , drowned in a tide of too-sweet soda . 
 danny still feels sick . 
 but he falls asleep anyway . 
 in the morning , the phone winks red at him . 
 `` meet us at the uffizi , '' elijah 's voice says . 
 `` we 'll see you at eleven . '' 
 it 's julia 's dope and elijah 's idea to go to the museum stoned . 
 julia rolls him a joint , and then-seeing the happiness in his smile-gives him a little extra to go . 
 after they 've smoked , they hold hands through the lobby . 
 the pensione 's owner nods a good morning . 
 julia and elijah giggle and smile in return . 
 when they reach the door , they break into a skip . 
 it is eleven-fifteen . 
 danny waits by the entrance , and then he waits on line . 
 he searches for his brother , and then he gives up . 
 perhaps elijah is already inside . 
 perhaps he wo n't show at all . 
 danny is not in the mood for empty minutes . 
 he can barely stand it when he wastes his own time ; for someone else to waste it is unconscionable . 
 the line is very long and very slow . 
 danny is bracketed by american families-restless children and desperately agreeable parents . 
 the walls of the museum are touched by graffiti : kurt 4-eva and maria del mar 4/4/98 and clare 27/03 francese ... ti amo justin . 
 one of the american families is accompanied by an abusive tour guide , who takes the children 's listlessness to task . 
 `` boredom is a dirty habit , '' she mutters . 
 the american mother has murder in her eyes . 
 five minutes and no elijah ... fifteen minutes and no elijah ... the ticket taker asks danny to enter , and he does not argue . 
 he decides to start at the beginning of the museum and work his way through history . 
 elijah will no doubt meet him somewhere in the middle , without realizing he 's late . 
 elijah is n't surprised that his brother has n't waited . 
 really , it does n't matter . 
 elijah is happy to be here , is happy to be with julia . 
 his buzz is just right-enough so things seem real close , but not so much that things seem real far away . 
 he and julia are surprised by the length of the line ; luckily , elijah strikes up a conversation with the trio of australian women in front of them , so the time passes quickly . 
 maura 's fortieth birthday is three days away ; judy and helen are planning to take her to the most expensive restaurant in siena , bringing at least four bottles of wine . 
 they are legal secretaries-they met in high school and their fates have been tied together ever since . 
 they ask elijah and julia how long they 've been together , and elijah revels in the fact that they 've seen fit to ask . 
 `` it 's been ages , '' julia replies , wrapping her arm around elijah and snuggling close . 
 `` at least three hundred years , '' elijah adds . 
 once inside the uffizi , elijah is dizzied by the ceilings . 
 julia has to remind him to watch where he steps . 
 a guard looks at him curiously , so elijah says hello , and the guard suddenly becomes less guarded . 
 there are so many paintings , all with the same plot . 
 mary looks stoned , and the jesus babies are still scary . 
 it 's the glummest sears family portrait in history . 
 the angels are all the same person , and the skies are always the same blue . 
 `` come here , '' julia whispers , pulling elijah to his first annunciation of the day . 
 `` look closely . 
 i love this scene . 
 gabriel is telling mary the story of the rest of her life . 
 every artist has a different take on it . 
 like this one . '' 
 elijah leans closer . 
 indeed , mary 's slight boredom-all too evident in the mother-son shots-has disappeared . 
 in this painting-by someone named martini-mary looks uncomfortable . 
 she 's not sure about what she 's being told . 
 gabriel , meanwhile , wears a pleading expression . 
 he knows what 's at stake . 
 `` let 's see all the annunciations , '' elijah says , a little too eager , a little too loud . 
 `` absolutely , '' julia agrees . 
 elijah takes one last look at mary and gabriel . 
 mary winks at him and tells him to move on . 
 danny 's guidebook talks about piero della francesca 's `` daring search for perspective '' - and , quite frankly , danny does n't get it . 
 how can you discover perspective ? 
 why did it take thousands of years for artists to discover a third dimension ? 
 how can you discover something that is already there ? 
 it 's only the fifteenth century and already danny is getting tired . 
 all these people in robes , with their wooden pastures and wooden expressions . 
 then the burst of botticelli . 
 the people are no longer bloodless ; danny can almost believe they have hearts . 
 `` hey there , '' someone says . 
 danny assumes she 's talking to someone else . 
 then he feels a hand on his arm . 
 he turns to find julia . 
 `` where 's elijah ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` oh , around . 
 i figured i 'd try to find you . '' 
 `` he did n't want to join you ? '' 
 `` i do n't think he realizes i left . 
 he 's rather transfixed . '' 
 `` good for him . '' 
 julia gestures to the painting , perugino 's crucifixion . 
 `` i wonder about the red hat on the ground . '' 
 danny nods . 
 `` i was just thinking the same thing . '' 
 `` i also wonder why they 're so clean . '' 
 `` as opposed to what ? 
 a pornographic crucifixion ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean clean . 
 think about it . 
 people in the sixteenth century-not to mention in jesus 's time-didn ' t look like this : perfect skin , perfect hairdos , spotless clothes . 
 these are people who went to the bathroom in the street , for god 's sake . 
 there 's no way they looked like this . 
 but that 's how we 're going to remember them . 
 our alabaster past . 
 when nothing else is left , art will become the truth of the time . 
 then people will get to the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and wonder what hap-pened-how we all became so imperfect . '' 
 danny does n't know what to say to this , and julia becomes immediately self-conscious . 
 `` sorry , '' she says , ducking her head down . 
 `` shove me into shallow water , you know . '' 
 `` no-you 're absolutely right . 
 i 've never thought of it that way . '' 
 danny sees that julia ca n't decide whether he 's being true or whether he 's just being kind . 
 it does n't occur to her that the two can be one and the same . 
 elijah figures julia has made her way to the ladies ' room or something , so he continues on his trail of annunciations . 
 primavera momentarily gets in the way-elijah is shocked at how dark it has become . 
 elijah has always looked to the painting for joy , but now the dark angel in the corner gains prominence . 
 the right-hand maiden is trapped in his grasp . 
 the woman in the center of it all seems detached , resigned . 
 still , people flock to her . 
 elijah stands in front of the tourist flashbulbs , trying to protect her . 
 a torrent of foreign words tells him to move . 
 but he will not . 
 each time a camera is raised , he gets in the way . 
 there are signs everywhere saying not to take pictures . 
 and yet everyone acts like he 's the one doing something wrong . 
 once the latest tour group has passed , elijah returns to mary and gabriel . 
 in botticelli 's version , mary seems demure , almost faint . 
 gabriel looks like a woman-perhaps an easier way to convey the news , with a flower held like a pen in his hand . 
 elijah wishes julia were around to ask-how did gabriel persuade her ? 
 why is n't she frightened by the sight of his wings ? 
 in the frame , mary sits on the edge of what looks like a tomb . 
 is n't she surprised the angel is kneeling at her feet ? 
 davinci 's annunciation is almost like a sequel to botticelli 's . 
 gabriel is in the same pose , but mary seems to be acknowledging him . 
 she has become regal , undoubting . 
 she is no longer sitting in a room , with the wide world merely alluded to through a window . 
 it is the opposite now . 
 elijah does not like this mary . 
 she is too steely , whereas botticelli 's is too weak . 
 a few galleries later , elijah gazes again at the ceiling . 
 the details are surreal . 
 a knight stands atop a dragon , about to swing his sword at an armless angel who has br ** sts , a tail , and a mermaid limb that trails off into a small tree . 
 `` man , that 's so messed up , '' elijah murmurs . 
 it 's like the ceiling has dredged the dope back into his bloodstream . 
 the paintings are going freaky . 
 caravaggio 's medusa is a scary , screaming bitch . 
 a very papal-looking portrait watches over slaughter of the innocents . 
 elijah ca n't believe how sexy the slaughter seems . 
 he 's strangely turned on . 
 gentileschi 's santa caterina d'alessandria holds her br ** sts in a very provocative way , leading elijah to wonder what kind of saints they had , way back when . 
 the rooms are beginning to tip a little . 
 elijah sits on a bench and stares again at the ceiling . 
 a woman plays violin as a dog and a donkey sit and listen . 
 a man raises a hammer to a bull 's head . 
 three nak * d women dance , while human heads are superimposed onto the wings of a red butterfly . 
 `` there you are , '' julia 's voice calls . 
 elijah is afraid to turn to her , afraid that she too will be written on the wings of an insect , poised to fly away . 
 the dog and the donkey are getting up to leave now . 
 the hammer falls short , and the bull laughs and laughs . 
 julia sits down next to him and asks if everything is okay . 
 elijah closes his eyes and opens them . 
 all the variations go away . 
 julia is the only real thing he can see . 
 `` i found danny , '' she says . 
 `` good for you . 
 how annoyed is he ? '' 
 `` not that annoyed . '' 
 `` that 's probably because i was n't with you . '' 
 julia sighs . 
 `` i told him we 'd meet him by veronese 's annunciation . '' 
 `` so now he 's into annunciations , too ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it was just a place to meet . '' 
 elijah knows he 's being a drag . 
 so he concentrates hard to send the bad vibes away . 
 he can feel them disperse , like dark angels dipping away to the sky . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're back , '' he says . 
 they both stand and kiss briefly in front of a small tree that floats on a cloud . 
 then julia pulls away and leads elijah to his brother . 
 the three of them stand in front of veronese 's annunciation . 
 danny does n't say a word to elijah about being late . 
 elijah assumes this is because of julia 's presence . 
 mary seems beautifully anguished as a cloud of angels and souls falls onto her . 
 gabriel is fiercer than before , his finger jabbing upward , the flowers spilling from his hands . 
 `` i guess you have to feel sorry for her , '' elijah says . 
 julia nods , but she 's barely listening . 
 she 's still studying the painting , her eyes following the flowers ' paths . 
 `` did mary have any friends ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 julia turns to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm the first to admit that i do n't know that much about the whole mary thing . 
 but did n't she have friends ? 
 she always seems so alone in these paintings . 
 and then once she has the baby , it 's like her previous life never happened . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' julia says . 
 `` but it 's a good question . '' 
 `` she probably had friends , '' elijah chimes in . 
 `` they just did n't want to be in the picture . '' 
 julia has nothing to say to that . 
 after skimming the rest of the museum and dipping into the gift shop for a moment -lrb- trying to avoid the primavera mouse pad and the birth of venus outerwear -rrb- , julia looks at her watch and makes an announcement . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have to leave you for a little bit , '' she says . 
 `` i have plans to meet an old girlfriend for the afternoon . '' 
 she sees the look on danny 's face and laughs . 
 `` not that kind of girl-friend , danny . 
 man , you boys are going to need to work on those hang-ups of yours . 
 i 'm meeting an old friend from high school who 's doing some curating work here . 
 she 's going to tell me all about the floods . '' 
 danny is surprised by how sorry he is to see her go . 
 he is not surprised by how sorry elijah seems . 
 danny keeps a respectful distance while his brother asks julia when she 'll be back and when they can meet again . 
 julia touches his cheek and says it wo n't be long . 
 they make plans for their next encounter . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 elijah asks as julia heads away . 
 he watches her disappear into the human traffic . 
 he would wave , if only she would see him . 
 the brothers decide to fall back on tourism , heading to the duomo and its environs . 
 the austere interior does n't at all match the delightful exterior , which is itself darkened by car fumes and other modern pollutants . 
 elijah hangs by the candles , while danny paces the baptistery and admires the windows . 
 elijah can not believe how tired he feels . 
 it hits him fully , now that julia is gone . 
 she 'd buoyed him into wakefulness . 
 now he 's wrapped in fatigue , all of the sleepless hours catching up to him . 
 `` maybe we should go back to the hotel ? 
 to take a nap ? '' 
 he suggests . 
 `` good idea , '' danny replies . 
 he too is feeling the full breadth of his tiredness . 
 it 's a different tiredness from home - less workmanlike , more atmospheric . 
 they walk for ten minutes in silence . 
 then danny asks , `` so what time are you meeting her ? '' 
 `` about four . 
 you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 it 's not as if i thought i was going to have dinner with you . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 just a joke . 
 a bad joke . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 i have my book . 
 and i should probably get some sleep tonight . '' 
 elijah can see his brother is bluffing , but he ca n't think of anything to say besides , `` okay . '' 
 `` just be ready to leave for rome tomorrow afternoon . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` she seems very nice . '' 
 `` she is very nice . '' 
 `` i know . 
 that 's what i just said . '' 
 back at the hotel , elijah grabs his toiletry kit and heads straight to the bathroom . 
 danny realizes he 's forgotten about lunch . 
 but really , he 's not in the mood . 
 sleep will taste much better . 
 the water turns on and off . 
 elijah leaves the bathroom and puts his kit back in his bag . 
 `` what about your girlfriend ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you know . 
 cal . '' 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend . '' 
 `` but were n't you going to write to her ? '' 
 `` i did , '' elijah says flatly . 
 but he feels guilty when he says it . 
 it 's the truth when measured against the question , but it 's hardly the truth when measured against his original intentions . 
 he 'd meant to write to cal every day . 
 he 'd meant to live his days as letters to her-turning the trip into a story as he went along . 
 now the story has become something he ca n't quite share . 
 if he sent a letter now , it would get to providence after his return . 
 the end of the story would precede the beginning . 
 just the fact that he 'll be home in less than a week fills elijah with dread . 
 he would put off his return for a month , if it meant more time with julia . 
 he wishes he could conjure a future where julia came back with him to providence , and the three of them-julia , him , cal-frolicked and conversed for the remainder of the summer . 
 but he knows this ca n't happen . 
 for a variety of unarticulated reasons . 
 danny is already snoring . 
 elijah looks to his brother and feels a genuine guilt . 
 he had n't intended to abandon danny so blatantly . 
 he feels bad about it . 
 but the alternative is to not see julia at all . 
 and that 's impossible . 
 he hopes danny will be okay and wonders if there 's anything in danny 's life that would help him to understand . 
 elijah spots two snack cakes at the foot of danny 's bed . 
 he just ca n't escape america , can he ? 
 carefully , elijah moves them to the dresser so they wo n't get stepped on . 
 he tries to sleep . 
 he closes his eyes and sees ceilings . 
 melting faces , black woodwork . 
 saints , inscriptions , murders . 
 gold , angels , nightmare popes . 
 there are good angels and bad angels . 
 there are trees that become clouds . 
 julia is gravitating toward him , sliding along in the half of a shell . 
 he is wrestling demons to get to her . 
 wedding bells ring and children throw crosses in the air . 
 only an hour has passed when he wakes up . 
 danny is still solidly asleep . 
 quietly , elijah puts on his shoes and leaves the room . 
 then he comes back , writes a note thanking danny for being so cool about everything , and leaves again . 
 he is hours early , but he can not wait . 
 he will find the bench nearest to julia 's pensione . 
 then he will wait for her to appear . 
 danny is relieved to find it 's still daylight . 
 naps can be devils of disorientation . 
 he is glad to have gotten free before the day has ended . 
 he is not surprised to find that elijah has gone . 
 but he is surprised by elijah 's note . 
 it 's not something danny would 've thought of at seventeen . 
 danny knows that at that age he would 've left without a word . 
 part of him ca n't even believe that elijah is about to go to college , about to enter that world . 
 danny still thinks of him as twelve , their parents ' favorite , so sure of what is right . 
 but now he 's off with a college girl . 
 or , more accurately , a dropped-out-of-college girl . 
 something danny would have only dreamed of when he was seventeen . 
 and maybe still does , from the other end . 
 picking up his college copy of a room with a view -lrb- never read , alas -rrb- , he resists the call of cnn and heads to the park square across from the hotel . 
 most of the benches are already taken . 
 -lrb- do n't these people have jobs ? 
 danny thinks . -rrb- 
 finally , he finds a spot in the shade . 
 he cracks the paperback spine and settles in . 
 after an hour , he 's utterly absorbed and utterly despondent . 
 danny puts the book in his lap and searches the park for echoes of forster . 
 he tries to harken back to a time when being abroad meant something . 
 he searches for a traveler sketching a scene or writing in a journal , as forster 's characters did each afternoon . 
 but instead he sees cell phones and shopping bags , camcorders and an occasional hardcover . 
 travel is no longer a pursuit , he thinks . 
 there is something inherently noble about that word-pursuit . 
 life should be a pursuit . 
 but danny does n't feel like it is . 
 or , at the very least , that it 's a pursuit of the right things . 
 the daylight dims , and the people scatter like birds . 
 danny sits still , watching . 
 he does n't know what to do . 
 he heads off to find the statue of david , and figures he 'll go from there . 
 statues was one of their games . 
 there was statues , and runaround , and penny flick , and tv tag . 
 and others now forgotten , invented only for a single afternoon before they disappeared with sundown . 
 danny remembers the first time their mother walked in on them playing statues . 
 they could n't have surprised her more if they 'd been dripping with blood . 
 but instead they were absolutely still , absolutely silent , fully clothed and striking classical poses . 
 a frisbee for a discus . 
 a lincoln log for a javelin . 
 not looking at each other , because then it would become a staring contest , and they would both crack up . 
 so instead they stared into space until a single arm fell or a single leg wobbled . 
 it could n't have lasted for longer than a minute . 
 they could n't have done it that many times . 
 but still , danny remembers . 
 and when he sees the statues in florence , he remembers the way he would try to turn himself into carved stone . 
 the way , when elijah was young , he would secretly be hoping that his younger brother would win . 
 the times he dropped the frisbee , just to give elijah that satisfaction . 
 their mother walking in , not believing her eyes . 
 in the museum , he tries to mirror one of the statues . 
 he tries to compete again . 
 but it 's not the same . 
 he can stare off now for hours . 
 he can avoid moving a muscle . 
 but it does n't mean anything without someone beside him . 
 it 's not a game if he 's the only one playing . 
 eventually , it 's time for dinner . 
 danny realizes he should have given elijah and julia the dinner reservations . 
 he is in no mood to eat alone at a fancy restaurant . 
 nor is he ready to concede a room-service defeat . 
 so he grabs the travel dictionary and heads to a nearby trattoria . 
 forster keeps him company . 
 when he returns to the room , nighttime now , he calls the office to check his voice mail . 
 there are no new messages , not even in response to the messages he sent yesterday . 
 it is a terrible thing to not feel missed . 
 danny can no longer read . 
 his head has started to ache again . 
 the tylenol is no longer in his bag-he must have put it in elijah 's by mistake . 
 in the dim hotel light -lrb- why ca n't hotel rooms ever be well lit ? -rrb- 
 , he opens elijah 's kit and finds a plastic baggie of pot on the top . 
 `` what the - ! '' 
 danny cries out , dropping the bag . 
 then he picks it back up for examination . 
 there 's no doubt . 
 clearly weed . 
 he can not believe it . 
 he absolutely can not believe it . 
 elijah is traveling with drugs . 
 he went through customs with drugs . 
 he left drugs in our hotel room . 
 he did n't bother to tell me that we could be arrested at any time . 
 it 's not the drugs themselves that bother danny-he 's inhaled his share , albeit a while ago . 
 no , it 's the stupidity that gets to him . 
 the all-out stupidity of the thing . 
 danny imagines the phone call he 'd have to make to his parents : `` thanks for the trip , mom . 
 but , dad , we need a little help . 
 you see , we 're stuck in jail on a narcotics charge . 
 do you happen to know any lawyers in florence ? '' 
 elijah does not care . 
 everybody thinks he cares . 
 everybody thinks he 's thoughtful . 
 but he 's as selfish as anybody else . 
 his kindness has a motive , and kindness with a motive is n't really kindness at all . 
 he pretends to be considerate , and then he leaves his brother to eat alone and sleep alone and pay for every check . 
 he says thank you , but with danny he never can manage to do something thanksworthy in return . 
 why do i bother ? 
 danny wonders . 
 what holds us together ? 
 because even though they spent almost every hour of their childhood together , and even though they come from the same town and the same parents , and even though they once genuinely liked each other , elijah has somehow ended up half a world away from danny . 
 `` stupid stupid stupid . '' 
 danny puts the drugs back in the kit , and the kit back in elijah 's bag . 
 he 's not going to risk throwing them out . 
 just his luck , he 'd get nabbed by an undercover carabiniere as he left the hotel . 
 no , danny has to sit still . 
 he has to wait for elijah to come home . 
 and then he will yell . 
 he has n't yelled for years . 
 but now he feels like yelling . 
 before he can calm down-before he even has time to settle-he hears the key in the door . 
 he stands his full height . 
 he does n't care how late it is . 
 he does n't care if elijah is in some dreamy foreign-girlfriend bliss . 
 elijah will have to answer for what he 's done . 
 there is no thank you that can get him out of this . 
 the door opens . 
 danny reaches for the evidence . 
 but it 's not elijah . 
 it 's julia . 
 `` is this a bad time ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` i did n't want to wake you , so i borrowed the key . '' 
 she closes the door . 
 `` where 's elijah ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 has he known somehow to stay away-to stay in the hallway , even ? 
 `` oh , he 's asleep . 
 he forgot to take extra clothes , and i was in the mood for a walk . 
 so i decided to come here . 
 you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 sure . 
 whatever . '' 
 it 's too late for danny to tuck in his shirt or to pick up his dirty socks from the floor . 
 julia does n't seem to mind . 
 she starts moving for elijah 's bag-danny stops her . 
 `` allow me , '' he says , and puts elijah 's kit on the pillow , taking out the necessary clothes from underneath . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 there is a nervous edge to julia 's voice . 
 danny wonders if his behavior has given the whole secret away . 
 even though he 's angry , he does n't want to get her involved . 
 `` it 's really nice of you to come all this way , '' danny says awkwardly . 
 `` i mean , i 'm sure elijah does n't mind wearing the same clothes two days in a row ... '' `` that 's not why i came here . '' 
 julia has stepped back now . 
 she 's looking danny straight in the eye . 
 `` oh . '' 
 danny is holding out one of elijah 's shirts . 
 he does n't know what to do with it . 
 `` i came here to see you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` which is entirely crazy . 
 so i 'll go now . '' 
 flustered , julia moves to the wrong door and heads straight for the closet . 
 then , realizing her mistake , she doubles back . 
 `` look , '' she says , `` i do n't mean to complicate things . 
 i mean-i know this is complicated . 
 and i 'm not sure why i came here . 
 i just wanted to see you and see what happened when i saw you . 
 and now i have , and i 've made a complete fool of myself , so i 'm going to go , and you can just pretend that it never happened . '' 
 danny puts elijah 's shirt on the bed . 
 he studies this strange girl . 
 and maybe it 's because he 's angry , or maybe because he 's tired , or maybe because he 's intrigued-whatever the case , he says , `` you have n't made a complete fool of yourself . '' 
 `` yes , i have . '' 
 `` i just do n't understand . '' 
 he wants clarity . 
 he wants to define the situation . 
 even as he reads it in her eyes . 
 `` you mean , about elijah ? '' 
 `` there 's that . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i like him . 
 really , i do . 
 but today in the museum , i thought that maybe ... '' `` maybe ? '' 
 `` i swore to myself when i came to italy that i would n't let chances go by . 
 you know ? '' 
 danny nods . 
 `` you see , '' julia continues , `` elijah does n't know lonely . 
 you know lonely , and i like that . '' 
 she has come a little closer now . 
 or maybe he 's the one who 's moved-in all the confusion , it 's hard to tell . 
 danny is undeniably attracted to her . 
 he would n't have predicted it , but there it is . 
 she is not his type , but she makes him wonder if he truly knows what his type is . 
 he is conscious of her breathing , and his own . 
 one more step will be too close , and not close enough . 
 `` i was hoping that we could ... i mean , i want you , '' she says . 
 he is not used to hearing the words . 
 the tone . 
 it 's nice . 
 you know lonely , and i like that . 
 he moves away from her to turn off the lights . 
 he wants to see her in shadow . 
 he wants to know what he wants . 
 there is still light from the street lamps that dangle over the park outside . 
 she is a whisper now , her expression turned entirely to words . 
 `` come here , '' she says . 
 it does n't seem real . 
 his senses are jangling and his temperature is rising and this is a girl he hardly knows , who has appeared as if conjured , bringing everything wrong and everything right . 
 he does n't want to mention elijah 's name . 
 not because he is afraid it will turn her away . 
 no , he is afraid that she will dismiss it , say it does n't matter . 
 he is afraid he will believe her , and of what he will then do . 
 elijah . 
 alone in a hotel room-a neat role reversal . 
 while danny is here with his temporary girl and his stupid drugs . 
 elijah . 
 julia is close enough to kiss . 
 her scent is all over the moment . 
 her eyes are watching his . 
 she is as uneasy and vulnerable as he feels . 
 `` come here , '' she says again . 
 `` it 'll be all right . '' 
 it would be so easy . 
 to whisper , `` i know . '' 
 to lean into the embrace . 
 to let the lighting dictate the future . 
 to shut off the sense of anywhere but here . 
 it would be so easy . 
 and yet danny turns his head . 
 he breaks the stare . 
 he pushes the moment away . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 and again , he ca n't say elijah 's name . 
 because she will give him a reason to get past it . 
 she will give him the reason to go on . 
 it would be so easy . 
 `` i ca n't '' is all he says . 
 she nods . 
 she backs down . 
 she shivers . 
 `` it was crazy to come here . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 `` no , really . '' 
 `` really . '' 
 go back to my brother . 
 stay away from my brother . 
 she gathers herself and leaves the room . 
 the hallway brightness flashes , and then it 's dark again . 
 come here . 
 go away . 
 please . 
 elijah is an atheist , but he prays . 
 in the quiet , pre-sunlight morning , he is thankful for the path that has led him to this moment , to this bed . 
 he is not thankful to anyone or anything specific . 
 he does not bargain-or even hope-to make the moment longer . 
 he believes in everyday graces . 
 he believes that nothing is arranged , but everything is an arrangement . 
 the angle of julia 's nak * d shoulder is not preordained . 
 but he is thankful just the same . 
 the lift and release of his breath is not something to be measured . 
 and he is thankful nonetheless . 
 he will not wake her , and he will not sleep . 
 he will lay in wonder , and he will daydream . 
 `` can i come to rome with you ? '' 
 she asks , as soon as she opens her eyes . 
 `` of course , '' he replies . 
 danny is amazed that he 's slept . 
 of all nights to sleep . 
 the emotions that would have singularly kept him up-anger , lust , confusion-combined to exhaust him into submission . 
 now he 's awake , and the evening returns to him like a movie remembered - every word was said , but none of it seems real . 
 he thinks about home , and about going home . 
 every vacation has a shelf life , and maybe this one will expire before rome . 
 he does n't expect elijah to come back anytime soon . 
 but , strangely enough , the door opens a little after nine . 
 for an instant , danny hopes that julia has returned . 
 he closes his eyes and recognizes that the footsteps are n't hers . 
 elijah is back , packing up . 
 danny feigns sleep . 
 elijah is careful , quiet . 
 danny knows this could be seen as respectful . 
 but really , elijah does n't want to get caught . 
 danny waits until elijah is close by . 
 at the foot of the bed . 
 hovering over his clothes . 
 then danny opens his eyes and says , `` i found your drugs . '' 
 elijah stops what he 's doing and turns to his brother . 
 `` you found me drugs ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i found your drugs . '' 
 `` oh , you mean the pot ? '' 
 elijah is rooting through his bag , looking for something . 
 `` feel free to take some . '' 
 danny sits up now . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` no , really . 
 go crazy . 
 i think julia can get us more . '' 
 `` so they 're julia 's drugs ? '' 
 `` they 're not anybody 's drugs , okay ? 
 they 're , like , community property . '' 
 elijah is so laid-back-feeling generous , even . 
 danny wants to strangle him . 
 `` i have just one question , '' he says . 
 `` do you ever think ? 
 for just one moment out of your dippy happy life , do you ever think about things ? 
 about little things like international laws , or my feelings , or our parents . '' 
 `` our parents are n't little things , danny . '' 
 `` do n't danny me , '' danny yells . 
 `` we have to talk . 
 right now . 
 about you . 
 and thinking . 
 because i do n't want some italian cop pulling us over and busting our asses . 
 and i 'm not sure that you should be spending all your time with this julia . '' 
 now he 's got elijah 's attention . 
 `` what do you mean , this julia ? 
 do n't drag her into your guilt trip , okay ? '' 
 danny 's on his feet now . 
 `` i have n't dragged her into anything . 
 you have . '' 
 `` i have ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 they 're facing off now . 
 they have n't done this in so long . 
 `` so what are you saying ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 `` are you sleeping with her ? '' 
 danny asks back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said , are you sleeping with her ? '' 
 `` are you saying i have to sleep with someone in order to be with them ? '' 
 `` i 'll take that as a ` no . ' '' 
 `` take what you want . 
 i 'm going . '' 
 elijah has his notebook now and moves to the door . 
 danny blocks him . 
 `` not so fast . 
 i want to talk to you about julia . 
 i 'm just not sure you 're seeing everything . '' 
 `` i thought you liked her . '' 
 `` i do . 
 i did . 
 it 's just that - '' `` i 'm spending too much time with her . 
 which means i 'm not spending enough time with you . 
 but you know what ? 
 i enjoy myself when i 'm with her . 
 i do not enjoy myself when i 'm with you . 
 and neither do you . 
 so consider julia a blessing . '' 
 `` in disguise . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 danny is so close to telling . 
 he is so close to shattering elijah into little lovelorn pieces . 
 but he ca n't . 
 invoking the moral high ground somehow makes you lose it . 
 using a secret as a weapon makes you almost as bad as the transgressor . 
 he will not tell . 
 elijah will never know the only good gesture danny can make . 
 `` does n't your wistful romanticism ever get tiring ? '' 
 danny sighs . 
 `` no , '' elijah says . 
 `` you get tiring . 
 look , i 'm sorry . 
 but i have to go . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` to rome . 
 with julia . 
 we 'll take the train . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 `` i 'm not being silly at all . 
 i 'm thinking , danny . 
 is n't that what you want me to do ? '' 
 in two short minutes , he packs his bag - no hard thing , since he was never around enough to unpack . 
 `` you do n't have to do this , '' danny says as elijah reaches the door . 
 `` you do n't have to say that , '' elijah ricochets . 
 `` you do n't have to start being nice now . 
 it does n't suit you . 
 i know where we 're staying . 
 i 'll see you in rome . '' 
 with that , he leaves . 
 as he does , danny realizes his shoelaces are untied . 
 it is too late , though , for danny to say anything about it . 
 if elijah trips , there 's nothing he can do . 
 if elijah falls , he will still feel in some way responsible . 
 for having noticed too late . 
 iv . 
 rome as danny drives the autostrada del sole toward rome , he can not help but think of everything that 's happened . 
 from ju-lia 's hello to elijah 's nonexistent goodbye . 
 the flicker of julia 's glance , the barely bridled fury in elijah 's eyes . 
 for once , danny wanted elijah to come right out and say i hate you , if only so he could say , well , i do n't hate you back . 
 the cars swerve past him , but this time danny is n't in a rush . 
 everything seems so precarious to him . 
 like driving . 
 like the fact that all you need to do is move your hand a quarter of an inch and you will be in the next lane . 
 crashed and dead . 
 so easy . 
 concentration . 
 driving requires concentration , but danny is n't quite there . 
 he is driving by instinct , like the other thousand strangers upon whom his safety depends . 
 towns and street signs whiz by , and danny tries to recall julia 's exact expression . 
 he knows he did the right thing . 
 but still he feels like he 's done himself some wrong . 
 at this very moment , elijah and julia are on a train . 
 or maybe they 're still in florence , dancing along the ponte vecchio . 
 elijah is ignorantly grinning , laughing at the performance . 
 but who is julia thinking about ? 
 that is what danny wants to know . 
 he tells himself it 's just a summer thing . 
 fling is such an apt word-it casually throws you . 
 then life resumes . 
 danny drives . 
 he wishes he could tell the truth to someone , so it could be recognized . 
 `` it 's good to share a life . '' 
 his mother had said this to him not too long ago . 
 he had come home for sunday dinner , something he tried to do once every month . 
 his parents , as always , were on their best behavior-only minimal discussion of elijah , and virtually no mention of future weddings or grandchildren . 
 many of danny 's friends-especially his female friends-faced a terrifying litany every time they stepped into their parents ' home : are n't you getting old ? 
 we 're not getting any younger . 
 is n't alexandra a beautiful name for a baby girl ? 
 but danny 's parents were good . 
 either they had faith that they did n't have to interfere , or they 'd already given up hope . 
 the only marriage reference came after dinner while danny 's mother washed and danny 's father dried . 
 they had done this for as long as he could remember , with the radio turned on to the news . 
 `` do n't you ever want to dry ? '' 
 danny had asked his mother . 
 and she 'd smiled and said , `` it 's good to share a life . '' 
 making it sound so easy . 
 danny was approaching rome now . 
 he could see coca-cola signs and mel gibson billboards . 
 the return of the common culture . 
 something he could be a part of . 
 larry king nightly in seventy countries worldwide . 
 star wars chat rooms on the internet . 
 madonna in any language . 
 the closeness and the emptiness of it all . 
 and danny in his avis rent-a-car , turning on the radio , hoping it will help . 
 it 's good to share a life - and it 's good to share minutes and hours , too , danny thinks . 
 with a wife . 
 with a husband . 
 with a boyfriend , girlfriend , best friend . 
 with a fling . 
 with a brother . 
 for a moment , one brief moment , elijah and julia run out of things to say . 
 they are on the train , headed south through tuscany . 
 they have just been talking about windmills , even though there are n't any windmills in sight . 
 julia was recalling amsterdam , and elijah drew her outward . 
 he asked her about tulips , then asked her about windmills . 
 he himself has never seen one . 
 but they 've appeared in his dreams , each a different color , swirling as they spin . 
 `` ah , the windmills of your mind , '' she says . 
 then falls silent . 
 he does n't know what to say next . 
 she stares out the window-he can see her reflected over the moving countryside . 
 her eyes are n't fixed on any one place . 
 they are fixed on the blur . 
 her expression is the kind that shifts the air into stillness and cold . 
 `` julia , '' he says gently , throwing her name into the breach . 
 it takes her a second to turn . 
 then she smiles tenderly . 
 `` you have no idea how confused i am , '' she says . 
 `` so give me an idea . '' 
 she just shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't want to taint you . 
 i want you to remain clear . '' 
 ca n't you see you 're confusing me already ? 
 elijah wants to say . 
 but he does n't . 
 he wants to unburden her , not the opposite . 
 he lets her turn back to the window . 
 he takes out pictures from italy . 
 as she looks out the glass , she reaches back for his hand . 
 he lets her take it . 
 the book rests against his chest , open and unread . 
 elijah feels like a grown-up , with a grown-up love . 
 danny gets lost , so incredibly lost on his way into rome that he almost pulls off to the side of the road and abandons the car . 
 his hotel , d'inghilterra , must be on some obscure street , since everyone he asks just shrugs or points vaguely . 
 hemingway once slept there , but that does n't help . 
 it 's always a low when life begins to imitate an old chevy chase movie . 
 he circles the same roads at least ten times , searching for any sort of direction . 
 he vows never to rent a car in a foreign country again . 
 next time , he 'll take the train , or a taxi between cities , if that 's what it takes . 
 danny curses up a storm . 
 and feels stupid . 
 because cursing in front of company at least generates an effect . 
 cursing alone is like taking a hi-liter to futility . 
 at the seventy-eighth red light , danny leans over and asks directions from a cab driver . 
 the cab driver , amazingly , says , `` follow me . '' 
 in just two short minutes , danny is in front of the hotel . 
 he tries to run out and pay the driver , but the taxi is gone before he can even make the gesture . 
 `` your reservation is for due , '' the stark man behind the reception counter says , his voice carrying through the grand hallway before being absorbed by the curtains . 
 danny nods . 
 `` and the other party ? '' 
 `` is coming . '' 
 `` oggi ? '' 
 `` i believe so . '' 
 danny is perversely afraid that word will get back to his parents : your sons did n't check in together . 
 they must have had a fight . 
 danny knows this will be viewed as his failure . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 his mother will ask , followed by a dollara-minute pause . 
 `` nothing , '' he 'll reply . 
 and then she 'll say , `` that 's exactly what i thought . '' 
 as they pull into the stazione termini , julia turns to elijah and says , `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm here now . '' 
 `` but where have you been ? '' 
 he can not help but ask . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' she replies . 
 even though it does . 
 with all due respect to d'inghilterra , danny decides he is sick of italian hotels . 
 there is something to be said for opulent lobbies , but he would trade in every last ornamentation for a well-lit , generously bedded room where the towels are not made of the same material as the tablecloths . 
 all of the driving has taken its toll , and although danny refuses to nap , his senses are blunted as he walks outside the hotel . 
 i am in rome , he says to himself , trying to muster the vacation 's last waning pulse of enthusiasm . 
 it is too late and too gray to go to the pantheon-he wants more celestial weather for that . 
 so instead of the usual attractions , danny shifts gears and decides to go shopping . 
 not for himself . 
 he ca n't imagine anything more boring than shopping for himself . 
 but his gift list must be reckoned with . 
 he must lay his souvenirs at the altars of his co-workers , lest they think he has n't been thinking of them while he was away . 
 the list is still neatly folded into his wallet . 
 gladner and gladner . 
 allison . 
 perhaps john . 
 mom and dad , of course . 
 his assistant , derek . 
 since his hotel is near the spanish steps , danny decides to duck his head into the posher stores . 
 especially for gladner and gladner . 
 he thinks it would be most appropriate to buy them ties . 
 and maybe a tie for his father . 
 so he heads to the men 's stores and is met with gross indifference . 
 clearly , a customer is not important unless he or she is japanese . 
 danny has never been able to stand disdainful salespeople , but after he storms out of four stores , he realizes he must accept his least-favored-nationality status if he 's going to get gladner and gladner something classy . 
 the prices are extraordinarily high . 
 but danny thinks , if you 're not going to buy an expensive gift for your bosses , then who are you ever going to spend money on ? 
 he thinks this for a good five minutes as he shuffles through the tie racks . 
 then he asks himself , what the hell am i doing ? 
 gladner and gladner already have ties . 
 they have closets full of ties . 
 and most of them are spectacularly dull . 
 polo stripes and wallpaper prints . 
 when gladner and gladner go away on vacation , they do n't bring anything back for danny . 
 not even a pen with a floating eiffel tower or a paperweight of the sphinx . 
 danny steps away from the tie racks . 
 he steps out of the store . 
 the salesmen do not nod a goodbye . 
 he is not even there to them . 
 he is nobody . 
 the street is aswarm with people . 
 danny stands like a hydrant and looks over his list . 
 it is so short , really . 
 take off gladner and gladner , and he is left with five people . 
 two parents . 
 one coworker . 
 one assistant . 
 one work-friend . 
 the question blasts through him . 
 paralyzes him . 
 how did my world get so small ? 
 a pack of students pushes him aside . 
 two girls giggle at his slow reaction . 
 two parents . 
 one co-worker . 
 one assistant . 
 one work-friend . 
 this is not my life , he thinks . 
 there are college friends , and will , and his high school girlfriend marjorie , who he meets for lunch every now and then . 
 they 're just not on the list . 
 but they could be . 
 danny shoves his hands in his pockets , digging for a pen . 
 he needs a new list . 
 allison , yes . 
 derek . 
 and john , without a question mark this time . 
 and will . 
 and marjorie . 
 and joan and terry , even though they live in california and the gift will have to be shipped . 
 no gladner . 
 no gladner . 
 allison first . 
 allison , who puts up with him . 
 allison , who smiles and kvetches and asks him out for a beer , even though he 's technically the boss . 
 he wants to buy her something special . 
 not chocolate-he 's always brought her chocolate , even when he went to houston and other areas not known for their confectionary . 
 no , he wants to find her something that she especially would like . 
 so she can know that he has an inkling of who she is . 
 three stores later , he finds it : a hand-sewn journal , its cover a painted river . 
 and for john , a pair of opera glasses . 
 and for derek , a tie more expensive than gladner 's or gladner 's . 
 and for his mother , a scarf made of seven fabrics , woven with gold threads . 
 and for his father , an antique deck of cards . 
 and for will ... danny does n't know . 
 is will the same person now , or would any gift bought for will be one year , five months , and now five days out of date ? 
 is the jesus night-light still appropriate ? 
 the clapping nun ? 
 the blue-glass lamp that glows rather than burns ? 
 they all seem right , but uncertainly so . 
 so danny returns to his room , takes out the hotel stationery , and begins to write a very long letter . 
 meanwhile , elijah and julia are in another hotel room , in another part of town . 
 elijah is feeling amorous , but julia fends him off with her let 's go ! 
 guide . 
 relenting , elijah says he wants to go stoned to the vatican . 
 julia vetoes this idea . 
 her rebellious streak goes only so far . 
 `` you 've offended my inner nun , '' she says , slipping her wallet into her bag . 
 `` you have an inner nun ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 every girl has one . 
 some are just louder than others . '' 
 elijah pauses for a moment , packing his backpack . 
 `` even jewish girls ? '' 
 `` especially jewish girls . 
 thank julie andrews for that . '' 
 outside , it is a strange combination of hot and cloudy . 
 taking hold of elijah 's hand , julia leads the way . 
 she does not slow down to talk or to point out any of the sights -lrb- the shop entirely devoted to chess sets , the man who is putting birdseed on his shoulders to attract the pigeons -rrb- . 
 elijah can tell she is determined , but he ca n't say exactly why . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 he 's trying to slow her down a little . 
 but she takes it a different way , and holds his hand tighter , pulling him along . 
 something has changed between them . 
 the challenge for elijah is to find out what exactly it is and what it means . 
 they have left the first stage of romance-the rhapsody of us . 
 where everything is you-me or me-you or a giddily tentative we.now him and her are asserting themselves , each given a private , pensive depth . 
 within the rhapsody of us , elijah could think , i do n't really know you , but i will . 
 now he is not so sure . 
 but he will not stop trying . 
 she is still here , and that means something . 
 she is still smiling , and he does n't wish that to be gone . 
 the vatican , elijah has always been told , is the size of central park . 
 and the crowds therein , he soon learns , are akin to a free concert on the great lawn . 
 although it 's possible he 's seen so many people in one place before , he 's never seen them levered into an art museum-pushing , wending , photographing , grasping onto children and purses . 
 it is hard to stand still , not to mention contemplate . 
 the art is overwhelming . 
 it is overload . 
 there is too much of it to be truly breathtaking . 
 instead , it comes across as bragging . 
 or perhaps only the non-catholics feel that way . 
 it 's disorienting . 
 julia and elijah try to trace a coherent path , but the building defies them . 
 there are more twists in the halls than there are angels on the ceiling . 
 packs of foreignexchange youth and tough gangs of elderly pilgrims block the corridors as they listen to their overenthusiastic guides . 
 it 's only in the sistine chapel that the quiet returns . 
 the hushed , respectful movements subdue most of the flashbulbs . 
 `` it 's amazing , `` julia whispers , and elijah has to agree . 
 the creation of adam is surprisingly small-elijah had always assumed it took up most of the ceiling . 
 but no , there is so much more . 
 it does n't even stand on its own-it is part of a history , part of a story . 
 the triumph is the space between the fingers : if god exists anywhere , he exists there . 
 that almost-but-not-quite touch . 
 elijah and julia drift slowly through the chapel . 
 and when they are through , they walk backward and drift through again . 
 outside , elijah debates going into the gift shop . 
 he can hear cal saying , `` do n't do it , do n't give them a penny . '' 
 so he saves his postcard money , but does n't say anything when julia buys a souvenir book . 
 `` who knows when i 'll be back ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` tomorrow ? '' 
 elijah offers . 
 `` a week from now ? '' 
 julia shakes her head and smiles . 
 `` a month from now ? '' 
 elijah pursues . 
 they are walking through st. peter 's square , which is actually something of a circle . 
 elijah is not asking the question he wants to ask , but julia picks up on it anyway . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing next , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't know where i 'll be . '' 
 `` you could stay here . '' 
 `` i could . '' 
 `` or go back to canada ? '' 
 `` not an option . '' 
 `` california ? '' 
 `` ditto . '' 
 `` how about the east coast ? '' 
 elijah asks , his voice a nervous suitor . 
 `` i know this great town in rhode island . 
 you 'd really like it . '' 
 `` you 're sweet , '' she says , patting his arm . 
 and it 's funny the way she says it , because he 'd always assumed that sweet was a good thing . 
 now he 's not so sure . 
 it is july twilight by the time danny finishes his letter to will . 
 his hand is raw-he is not used to writing like this . 
 not on such a scale . 
 he has told will everything he could think of and , in doing so , told himself many things that he had n't thought he 'd known . 
 whenever i am asked about my life , i invariably answer with a reference to work . 
 at work i feel needed in a way that i 've never been needed before . 
 my parents tricked me into coming to italy . 
 i think they are worried about me . 
 i do n't know . 
 elijah is somewhere else in the city . 
 perhaps that 's for the best . 
 perhaps it 's enough that one of us is happy . 
 i can give him that much , and not much more . 
 it 's so strange to have words mean exactly what they 're supposed to mean . 
 no manipulation , no subtext , no enticement to buy . 
 danny puts the letter in an envelope . 
 he puts the envelope in a book . 
 he puts the book in his bag . 
 then he looks around the hotel room , his glance settling on the second , still-made bed . 
 he wonders where elijah is . 
 and julia . 
 but more elijah . 
 he imagines elijah as he is back at his boarding school , the center of his friends ' orbit . 
 always there for a midnight call . 
 always ready to listen . 
 voted most likely to succeed-not because he is the most likely to succeed , but because everyone likes him the most . 
 it is a dangerous thing with brothers , to think that you could be as strong as them , or as wise as them , or as good as them . 
 to believe that you could have been the same person , if only you had n't gone a different way . 
 to think that your parents raised you the same , and that your genes combined the same , and that the rest of what has happened is all your triumph ... or failure . 
 this is why so many kids want to believe that their siblings are adopted . 
 so that the potential is n't the same . 
 so that you ca n't look at your brother and say , i could have been like him , if only i 'd tried . 
 danny does n't want to be as strong as his brother -lrb- elijah is basically a wimp -rrb- or as wise as his brother -lrb- danny has no desire to read kerouac -rrb- . 
 it is the goodness that grates . 
 even if it 's mostly false -lrb- danny would like to believe , but does n't really -rrb- , elijah has the gift of talking to people , of being liked by people , and danny ca n't help but wonder why he did n't turn out the same way . 
 restless , he leaves the hotel . 
 the shops are more welcoming now that they 're closed . 
 danny examines the windows of the via borgognona and the via condotti . 
 then he has a leisurely dinner ; he is getting used to eating alone in public . 
 he watches the people at the other tables and drinks plenty of wine . 
 after dinner is over , he wanders farther . 
 he keeps expecting to bump into elijah and julia . 
 instead , he comes to trevi - the fountain of youths . 
 teenagers from various nations are perched around its rim , cackling and flirting and preening . 
 it is a point of convergence for those who are not wearied by midnight and everything after . 
 danny stands to the side and watches the swagger , banter , and anguish . 
 the packs of girls and the packs of boys collide and separate at will . 
 for danny , it is like visiting a neighborhood where he once lived . 
 the familiarity and the distance of it . 
 he is no longer young , and he is far from old . 
 they laugh so hard around the fountain . 
 he misses that acutely . 
 not the folly of entanglements or the drama of indecision . 
 but the laughter . 
 the bold bravado that can take you through the night . 
 danny does n't want to be them , and he does n't even want to stay and watch them . 
 he only wants to find an intensity to match their own . 
 elijah and julia go to a french movie with italian subtitles . 
 then , as the languages intermingle in their memory , they return to the hotel . 
 that night , the rhapsody of us returns , in physical form . 
 they have a conversation of movements , silent from the moment they walk in the door . 
 they undress each other completely-tracing , gliding , holding . 
 only the bodies whisper . 
 breath signals . 
 fingers entwine . 
 it is almost like floating . 
 it is that simple , that understood . 
 elijah closes his eyes . 
 julia kisses his eyelids . 
 he flutters them open , and julia whispers `` no . '' 
 so he closes them again , and the moment continues . 
 elijah feels colors , and wonders if he 's in love . 
 the next day is july 4th . 
 danny wears a red-and-white polo shirt and a pair of blue shorts . 
 he ca n't help himself . 
 in the morning , he heads to the ruins . 
 he thinks he will beat the midday heat , but in this he is wrong . 
 the day is scorching , the lack of shade relentless . 
 danny loses interest quickly . 
 the area he sees , with its rows and rows of broken columns , must have once been grand . 
 but now it is only rows and rows of broken columns . 
 they are not even beautiful . 
 they are merely , admirably , old . 
 danny takes a few photos , but it 's more for historical reasons than out of any visual pleasure . 
 it is soon unbearably hot . 
 danny throngs to a streetside vendor in search of evian . 
 the line is long , but danny does n't see he has a choice . 
 as he waits , a hand taps him on the shoulder . 
 `` danny silver ? '' 
 a voice asks . 
 startled , danny turns-and is even more startled to see ari rubin , from camp wahnkeemakah . 
 `` ari ? '' 
 it must be-what-seven years ? 
 more ? 
 `` so it is you . 
 that 's unbelievable . '' 
 ari looks amazing . 
 tan , tall , his hair no longer in a bowl cut . 
 from camp wahnkeemakah . 
 ages ago . 
 he does n't look at all the same . 
 except it 's recognizably him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 ari asks . 
 `` vacation , '' danny replies , still stunned . 
 ari was his best friend for three straight summers . 
 they were pen pals for two summers after that , and then drifted apart . 
 seven years ? 
 more like ten . 
 danny has to turn away to buy his bottles of water . 
 but when he turns back , ari is still there , beaming . 
 `` and what are you doing here ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` working . '' 
 `` business ? '' 
 `` pilot . '' 
 danny laughs . 
 of course ari is a pilot . 
 ari , whose mother would send him a new model airplane every week . 
 ari , whose bunk smelled like krazy glue and balsa wood . 
 a pilot . 
 `` i ca n't believe i recognized you . '' 
 `` me neither . '' 
 they lost touch because danny lived in new jersey and ari lived in ohio , and neither of them liked to talk on the phone . 
 but when they 'd been at camp , they were nearly inseparable . 
 they planned all their activities together , requested the same bunks , and even tried to be on the same color war teams . 
 there was one time , the second summer , when danny had been stuck in the infirmary with a flu bug . 
 the only thing to do in the infirmary was watch videos . 
 which would have been an unparalleled delight , except the only two movies they had were annie and predator . 
 danny would have gone absolutely bonkers if ari had n't come to his window at every available break , telling him what was going on and making jokes to count away the hours . 
 danny can see that ari is as amazed by this surreal reunion as he is . 
 they lost touch because of the distance between new jersey and ohio . 
 now they meet up in rome . 
 of course . 
 ari seems genuinely thrilled , but there 's also a flicker of worry , a consciousness of time in his eyes . 
 `` you have to be somewhere ? '' 
 danny guesses . 
 ari nods . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` yes-but ... are you free tonight ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 dinner arrangements are made . 
 danny can not stop shaking his head at the coincidence of it all . 
 ari says goodbye , and as he leaves , danny can see that he 's shaking his head , too . 
 still smiling , danny heads to the old jewish ghetto . 
 for at least another fifteen minutes , he does n't even think about the heat . 
 elijah awakens to the sound of rain . 
 or at least he thinks it 's rain . 
 it 's really the hotel 's ancient air conditioner , struggling unsuccessfully against the heat of the day . 
 julia is nowhere to be found . 
 it is eleven o'clock in the morning , which means elijah slept for at least four hours . 
 the bathroom door is open and all the fixtures are silent-julia is not in there , either . 
 elijah rolls over and throws on some clothes . 
 after a few minutes of vague worry , he hears the key in the door . 
 julia walks in . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` thinking , '' she replies , and it is to elijah 's credit that he realizes : to julia , thinking is indeed a place . 
 he remembers that it 's july 4th , but that seems like a rude thing to mention to a canadian . 
 so instead he wishes her a very happy friday , and she in turn looks at him with an almost resigned curiosity . 
 `` let 's go to the colosseum , '' she says , and indeed they do . 
 strangely enough , it is not as intact as elijah had thought it would be . 
 he 'd imagined a full and complex building with part of the rim chipped off . 
 but instead it looks like something unearthed from the planet of the apes . 
 `` people died here , '' julia whispers . 
 elijah pulls her into the shade and begins to kiss her . 
 almost immediately , he sees he 's done the wrong thing . 
 although julia 's body does n't move away , it feels as if she 's left it . 
 elijah says , `` well , then , '' and the two of them move on . 
 they walk through the ancient city without really saying a word . 
 elijah wants to go to the pantheon , but that 's where julia went while he slept . 
 so instead they head to the piazza navona , in the hope of sitting down to eat . 
 in the hope of conversation . 
 elijah can see that julia is troubled , and it is the core of his nature to want to make it better . 
 whenever he says `` i 'm sorry , '' she tells him it is not his fault . 
 he knows this . 
 but he is sorry just the same . 
 he blames time , for there are only two days left until he must return to america . 
 two days left to answer the question : and now what ? 
 the two of them sit on a bench . 
 julia leans her body into his and closes her eyes . 
 he takes this as a good sign . 
 although it is wretchedly hot , the sun feels good as it shines across his face . 
 careful not to shift away from julia , elijah studies his surroundings . 
 the fountain at the heart of the piazza is beautiful , topped by an obelisk inscribed in languages from a different time . 
 a blond boy with a pink teddy bear-he must be about six-points at an overweight couple sitting on slim cafe chairs . 
 there is a breeze . 
 it is nice . 
 a group of fifty or so young italian women passes by , trailing talk . 
 another boy chases pigeons . 
 he is running in circles . 
 elijah closes his eyes and stays still . 
 he and julia are picture-perfect statues . 
 the fountain splashes in murmurs . 
 the breeze continues . 
 the tourists fade away . 
 a clock that no longer works watches over them . 
 minutes pass . 
 elijah opens his eyes as a bride walks by . 
 her long gown glides across the stone , picking up the dust of the square . 
 she smiles at elijah smiling . 
 or perhaps she does n't see elijah at all . 
 a photographer arranges the full wedding party in front of the fountain-bride , groom , and an assemblage of family members , each with a paper fan to rustle away the heat . 
 julia pulls away from elijah and stands . 
 she stares for a moment at the bride and the groom . 
 the expression on her face is a different language to elijah . 
 and he can not ask for a translation , for fear of exposing an ignorance that love ca n't conquer . 
 love ? 
 julia is walking , then waiting for elijah to follow . 
 `` julia , '' he says . 
 but she is already too far away . 
 the jewish ghetto makes danny feel hope and sadness . 
 hope because the sinagoga ashkenazita is still there . 
 sadness because it must be guarded by carabinieri armed with machine guns . 
 after a tour of the jewish museum , danny heads to the piazza navona . 
 he has heard that the fountain is beautiful , and it does not disappoint . 
 a wedding party is having its picture taken in front of the obelisk . 
 from the ragged state of their smiles , danny can tell they 've been at it for a little while . 
 the photographer is manipulating the group into preposterous poses , using a lamppost as a prop . 
 the groom lovingly arranges the bride 's dress so that she may sit . 
 in this heat , the bride is no doubt wishing she 'd worn a miniskirt . 
 the groom is clearly itching to take off his jacket and dive into the water . 
 tourists take pictures of the photographer taking pictures . 
 danny sits on a bench and watches . 
 in a nearby cafe , a lunchtime guitarist is singing `` knockin ' on heaven 's door , '' only the refrain sounds much more like `` knock , knock , knockin ' on lemon 's door . '' 
 soon the song turns to another song . 
 and another . 
 danny sits and listens and watches as the people pass by . 
 at long last , the wedding photographs are done . 
 joy returns to the faces of the bride and the groom . 
 he lifts her up and swings her through the air . 
 the photographer fumbles for his camera , but he is too late . 
 as the bride and groom parade back through the square , the bride looks at danny and gives a little smile and salute . 
 danny smiles back , and wonders where such familiarity came from . 
 `` let 's get dressed up for dinner , '' julia says . 
 it is the end of the day-all the ruins have been visited , all the squares have been crossed . 
 elijah is exhausted . 
 `` i 'm not sure i have anything to wear , '' he confesses . 
 `` did n't you bring a suit ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i own a suit . '' 
 `` i 'll bet danny brought a suit . '' 
 `` i 'll bet danny could n't travel without one . 
 just in case there was , you know , a business emergency . '' 
 julia pulls a sleeveless black dress from her bag . 
 `` do you have anything that would remotely go with this ? '' 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 `` is n't it your independence day ? 
 or maybe i just want to take you out to a wonderful dinner . 
 do you think you could deal with that ? '' 
 `` i think i could manage . '' 
 elijah triumphantly pulls a tie from the bottom of his bag . 
 julia applauds and slips off her clothes . 
 before elijah can react , she is putting on the dress . 
 she looks even more beautiful with it on . 
 danny is nervous that ari wo n't show up . 
 he has been looking forward to this too much-he is relying too heavily on a random encounter . 
 he paces the sidewalk in front of the restaurant for twenty minutes-fifteen minutes before ari is supposed to show and five minutes after . 
 danny is worried that he misheard the directions . 
 he is worried he is waiting at the wrong place , for the wrong person . 
 then ari appears , apologizing the five minutes away . 
 he shakes danny 's hand and ushers him in the door . 
 the maitre d' seems to know him , and the table they get has a spectacular view of the nighttime alleyways . 
 `` i 'm so glad i found you , '' ari says , sitting down . 
 `` likewise . '' 
 it has been so many years , but they plunge into them quickly . 
 danny says he ca n't believe ari is already a pilot , and ari tells him how it came to be . 
 he dropped out of harvard for flight school , which caused his parents no end of grief . 
 `` is your mom still in ohio ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 ari nods . 
 `` same house . 
 same life . 
 her gallery keeps getting bigger and bigger-she just bought out the jeweler next door , so she can expand again . '' 
 `` and your father ? '' 
 `` what wife was he on when we last wrote to each other ? '' 
 `` the second , i think . 
 no wait-he was just starting with ... laureen . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you remember her name ! '' 
 ari exclaims . 
 -lrb- neither can danny , for that matter . -rrb- 
 `` she actually never made it to the altar . 
 dad left her for gail . 
 now he 's with wanda , soon to be wife number four . '' 
 `` do you like her ? '' 
 `` i like that she 's his age . '' 
 `` does your mom still make those raisin cookies ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 you are still , to this day , the only person who liked them without raisins . '' 
 `` i did n't appreciate raisins back then . '' 
 `` you always wanted chocolate chips . '' 
 the waiter makes a third pass at the table , and danny and ari finally take up their menus . 
 danny steals glances at ari as ari carefully reads the selections . 
 he was n't a particularly attractive kid , but he 's grown up to be an attractive man . 
 not that danny can really tell . 
 but he takes some satisfaction that it 's not only the bastards who get good looks . 
 danny remembers back when they were in camp-every body change seemed like an event , shocking and fascinating , the prelude to such alien phenomena as sex and shaving . 
 now they 've crossed over to that other world . 
 they are comfortable within their own skin -lrb- or at least ari seems to be -rrb- . 
 did they even think about the real future back then ? 
 did they just assume they 'd be friends forever ? 
 danny can not remember what his younger self foretold . 
 julia takes elijah to a room lit only by candles . 
 there are other people within it , but they are only flickers in the background , sounds in the air . 
 `` this is wonderful , '' elijah says . 
 he had tried to stop at an atm on the way , but julia would n't let him . 
 `` it 's my night , '' she had said . 
 the owner gave elijah a jacket at the door . 
 julia said it made him look dashing . 
 like a film star . 
 now she watches intently as he unfolds his napkin and places it on his lap . 
 she is taking him all in . 
 he picks up the menu , but she waves him down . 
 `` allow me , '' she says . 
 the waiter approaches . 
 his hair is the color of burnt embers . 
 julia orders for them both , her italian faltering in parts . 
 the waiter nods , understanding . 
 two minutes later , he is back with the wine , which julia sips to her satisfaction . 
 the room is warm , and elijah can feel himself settling into the candlelight glow . 
 the waiter pours the wine . 
 julia smiles secretly . 
 `` a toast , '' she says , raising her glass . 
 `` to the end . '' 
 `` i was engaged once , '' ari tells danny . 
 `` i really thought she was the one . 
 i really thought , this is it . 
 i met her while i was in school-we volunteered at the same shelter . 
 perfect , right ? 
 she was a nurse , so that made scheduling a little hard . 
 but we managed . 
 for three years , we managed . 
 i proposed to her the first time she flew with me . 
 my instructor lent me his cessna . 
 at first , anna was really nervous-she was n't a big fan of flying . 
 but i asked her to trust me , and she did . 
 i took her up over the rockies-it was a gorgeous day , you could see everything . 
 when we hit ten thousand feet , i put on the autopilot , pulled the ring from my pocket , leaned over to her , and asked her to marry me . 
 right away , she said yes . 
 `` i thought that was the hard part , but i was wrong . 
 we moved in together , which was great when we were both there , but we were n't both there a lot . 
 i graduated , and continental picked me up . 
 denver was still my home base , but i had to go wherever they wanted me to go . 
 at first , anna understood this . 
 she supported it . 
 but after a while it wore us both down . 
 finally , one night i came home-it must have been two in the morning-and she said it was too much . 
 she said she was n't sure she was old enough to be anybody 's wife . 
 and she sure as hell was n't old enough to be a pilot 's wife . 
 i could n't argue with her . 
 we both realized we 'd gotten as far as we could go , and that the only way to go from there was backward . 
 and neither of us wanted to go through that . '' 
 ari pauses and takes another sip of his water . 
 `` how about you ? 
 anything like that ? '' 
 danny shakes his head . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` not even a little ? '' 
 `` not even a little . '' 
 at first , elijah thinks he 's misunderstood her . 
 or that she 's misunderstood him . 
 `` to the end ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` to the end , '' she repeats , taking a sip of wine . 
 `` but tomorrow 's my last night . 
 i leave sunday . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he still does n't get it . 
 `` so why is this the end ? '' 
 julia puts down her glass and says , simply , `` because it is . '' 
 danny is amazed that he feels so comfortable . 
 he is amazed that while there are some people you can see every day and not say a word to , there are other people whom you can see once a year-or once a decade , or once a life-and say anything . 
 `` how 's your brother ? '' 
 ari asks . 
 `` god , he must be old now , right ? 
 i remember you writing to me about how you were going to teach him multiplication , even though he was only four . 
 you were going to make him the smartest kid in his nursery school class . '' 
 danny starts off by saying elijah 's fine . 
 then he finds himself telling ari everything that 's happened-from the moment he got his parents ' call to the moment elijah left the hotel room in florence . 
 he remembers that ari has two brothers of his own-two brothers and three stepsisters . 
 ari listens carefully . 
 danny is n't just talking to say things aloud . 
 he is talking directly to him . 
 `` i do n't know how we got this way , ari . 
 i do n't know when i stopped wanting to help him , or even when i stopped wanting him to be smart . 
 i dreaded coming here with him . 
 i really did n't want him to come-i figured i 'd be happier alone . 
 and i do n't know whether it 's because he was here and then he left , or whether i was just wrong in the first place , but right now i wish he was here . 
 not at this table with us . 
 but i just wish i knew where he was . '' 
 `` it 's hard . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's hard . '' 
 ari puts down his fork and looks right into danny 's eyes . 
 `` brothers are not like sisters , '' he says . 
 from his tone , danny can tell this is something he 's learned . 
 `` they do n't call each other every week . 
 they do n't have secret worlds to share . 
 can you think of two brothers who are really , inseparably close ? 
 no , for brothers it 's a different set of rules . 
 like it or not , we 're held to the bare minimum . 
 will you be there for him if he needs you ? 
 of course . 
 should you love him without question ? 
 absolutely . 
 but those are the easy things . 
 do you make him a large part of your life , an equal to a wife or a best friend ? 
 at the beginning , when you 're kids , the answer is often yes . 
 but when you get to high school , or older ? 
 do you tell him everything ? 
 do you let him know who you really are ? 
 the answer is usually no . 
 because all these other things get in the way . 
 girlfriends . 
 rebellion . 
 work . '' 
 `` so this is normal ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` do n't go for normal , '' ari suggests . 
 `` go for happy . 
 go for what you want it to be instead of settling for what it is . '' 
 elijah does n't see how he and julia can go on with the meal , but they do . 
 she asks him about home , and he finds himself telling her about the time mindy got fired from her temp job at the gap because she could n't fold properly , and the time his friends max and cindy got caught making out in cindy 's parents ' bed . 
 her parents never said a word about it , but her mother threw out the sheets . 
 julia is laughing , and elijah is smiling , and to any other person in the room they must look like a happy couple . 
 but all elijah can think is , it 's over . 
 and there 's nothing in julia 's face that says anything different . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 julia asks over dessert . 
 `` from what ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 `` from love . 
 i mean , from the person you 're with . '' 
 `` love is enough , '' elijah answers . 
 julia shakes her head . 
 `` it 's more complicated than that . 
 i know i 'm only , what , three years older than you ? 
 but let me tell you , it can get so complicated . 
 try to keep it simple . 
 here 's what i think . 
 we all want someone to build a fort with . 
 we want somebody to swap crayons with and play hide-and-seek with and live out imaginary stories with . 
 we start out getting that from our family . 
 then we get it from our friends . 
 and then , for whatever reasons , we get it into our heads that we need to get that feeling-that intimacy-from a single someone else . 
 we call that growing up . 
 but really , when you take sex out of it , what we want is a companion . 
 and we make that so damn hard to find . '' 
 when dessert is over , julia pays with a gold card . 
 then she touches elijah 's hand and tells him it 's probably time to get his things . 
 she seems sad when she says it . 
 but he can tell he 's not going to change her mind . 
 ari walks danny back to the hotel . 
 he has an early flight the next morning , otherwise they 'd probably walk all night . 
 they are talking tangents now , but somehow the tangents connect . 
 ari is talking about all the places he 's been . 
 danny feels like they are all the places he wants to go . 
 the sahara . 
 budapest . 
 sydney . 
 new york . 
 danny pulls ari into a 7-eleven and shows him the italian translation of his work . 
 ari is amused , and asks if the snack cake is suitable for framing . 
 danny says he does n't think so-but perhaps that can be the slogan for the new pop-tarts campaign . 
 ari wants to buy one of the divines , but danny is afraid he might actually try to eat it . 
 so instead they get slurpees-their own shamelessly american way of celebrating the fourth of july . 
 `` so your job sounds like fun , '' ari says as they leave the convenience store . 
 danny nods . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's the problem . 
 maybe i enjoy it too much . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 `` someday we 'll have a balance , right ? '' 
 `` someday . 
 yes . '' 
 across rome , towers chime midnight . 
 danny raises his slurpee in a toast . 
 `` to reunions , '' he says . 
 `` to reunions , '' ari echoes . 
 the slurpees do n't taste the same as they used to . 
 maybe that 's because it 's a foreign country . 
 maybe it 's because nothing ever tastes the same as it did when you were ten . 
 or maybe the 7-eleven syrup has changed . 
 danny and ari ponder this and soon ponder other things . 
 before they forget , they exchange addresses and phone numbers and e-mail addreses . 
 danny promises they will keep in touch . 
 at the hotel , ari hugs danny goodbye . 
 danny is not used to being fully hugged-just the sports-guy hugging-without-touching . 
 but this is the real thing , the hug that lets you feel held . 
 they say goodbye at least five times , and then ari leaves . 
 danny heads straight back to his room-he 's had a wonderful night , and he does n't want to press his luck . 
 he sticks his tongue out at himself in the mirror and finds that it is still the color of a neon sky . 
 he remembers how he and elijah would have contests to see whose tongue could stay blue the longest . 
 hours without drinking , trying not to swallow needlessly . 
 this makes him smile now . 
 he realizes it will always make him smile , if he can hold on to his brother in some way . 
 if he can make his way through all the distractions , back to what they once shared . 
 and still share . 
 he takes a shower and heads to bed , ready for a good night 's sleep . 
 then , at the last minute , he thinks of something else to do . 
 he reopens his letter to will and adds another page . 
 he writes about how things have changed and how things do n't have to change . 
 he ca n't go back to the past , he knows . 
 but maybe there 's a chance of getting elijah back . 
 elijah 's possessions have n't been scattered far , so it does n't take him long to gather them . 
 julia keeps asking him if he 's sure he knows where danny is staying . 
 she offers to call , to let danny know elijah is coming . 
 elijah tells her not to bother . 
 she wo n't give him an explanation about what 's happening , and why he has to leave . 
 all at once , he 's realizing she 's not the kind of person who gives explanations . 
 she might not know herself . 
 he wants to ask , are you sure ? 
 but he 's afraid the line between a yes and a no would be frustratingly unclear . 
 soon his bag is packed . 
 there 's nothing else to do . 
 the maid has already cleaned up . 
 there 's just the matter of leaving . 
 `` so goodbye , i guess . '' 
 julia hands him a slip of paper . 
 `` my parents ' address , '' she says . 
 `` you can always reach me there . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` look , i know this probably is n't what you thought would - '' `` it 's okay . 
 really . 
 i just have to go . '' 
 julia hovers in front of the door . 
 `` i mean , when i said it was the end , it was n't - oh , i do n't know . 
 the end does n't have to be the end , you know . 
 you can stay , if you 'd like . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 `` i see . 
 no , you 're right . 
 can i get your address ? '' 
 elijah writes it down for her . 
 it feels like an empty gesture now , whereas once he thought it would be the key to their future . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 she has n't opened the door , but she 's no longer standing in front of it . 
 `` tell danny i 'm sorry , too . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for ruining your holiday . '' 
 elijah knows that any goodbye kiss wo n't end up being a goodbye kiss . 
 so he just bows his head a little and thanks her for dinner . 
 then he opens the door and leaves . 
 in the hallway , he stops for a moment and waits to hear her turn the lock . 
 she does n't , but he heads to the street anyway . 
 elijah needs to walk . 
 he needs to forget about destinations and meanings and plans . 
 he feels like a door has opened and he has walked into a world filled with his own mistakes . 
 once , when he and his friend jared were on acid , they stumbled across a pad of post-its . 
 immediately , they began to label everything they encountered : door and book and hand . 
 each post-it bestowed a cosmic sense of clarity . 
 the door was a door because the writing said door . 
 the floor was a hand because the writing said hand . 
 it seemed , for a moment , that they could live their lives that way , as omniscient identifiers and casual illusionists . 
 elijah wishes he had the acid now , and the post-its , so he could make julia the julia he wanted her to be , and his life the life that he had thought he had been living . 
 he wants to bend time backward , so he could write dozens of postcards to cal , so he could label as sorry the very things he 's now done . 
 if danny 's post-it said brother instead of danny , would that work ? 
 could elijah take an eraser to rome and suddenly make it home ? 
 he is not angry with julia . 
 he is confused by her actions , and his own . 
 as he walks through the midnight streets , he tries to reach into her side of the conversation , to pull out the cardinal truths . 
 he keeps picturing cal in providence , walking to the p.o. box , hoping for some word from him . 
 he imagines them building forts . 
 he thinks of his parents , and how concerned they 'd be to see him walking where all the stores have long since closed . 
 he imagines julia back in her hotel room , sitting absolutely still , or moving completely on . 
 there can be no destination . 
 he ca n't go back to her , and he ca n't go on to danny . 
 he does n't want to have to account for himself right now . 
 either danny will say something and elijah will explode , or danny will say nothing and elijah will disappear completely . 
 it 's not about the city , it 's about the walking . 
 really , he could be anywhere now , because he wants to be nowhere . 
 rome is lost on him . 
 it 's the time of night when no one walks alone . 
 couples eye him warily , as he walks with his bag slung over his shoulder . 
 he finds himself on the same street he and julia took to the colosseum , only it 's totally different now . 
 every ounce of his soul tells him this will make a good story to tell his friends-an anecdote in the biography , an incident in the life . 
 but part of the sorrow he feels-and it is that-comes from the distance he sees between himself and the storytelling , the hole that has ripped open between the here and the there . 
 he has n't been thinking of there nearly enough . 
 he has n't been a good enough friend . 
 i 'm sorry , he says to cal , and to his parents , and to julia , and to danny . 
 because he does n't know what else to say . 
 `` stai bene ? 
 `` a voice asks . 
 he has been standing still on the sidewalk . 
 now he looks across the street and sees a young woman and her date . 
 the man wants to keep walking , but the woman has stopped . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' elijah explains . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` are you lost ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` the pantheon ? '' 
 elijah says . 
 it 's the first building that comes to mind . 
 `` i 'm supposed to meet someone outside the pantheon . '' 
 the man laughs and takes hold of the woman 's elbow . 
 she shrugs him off , whispering , `` un attimo . '' 
 then she crosses the street , pulling a pen from her pocketbook . 
 her mouth is all lipstick , her eyes dark as the lashes . 
 `` give me your hand , '' she says . 
 elijah holds out his palm . 
 she takes hold of it and draws a map . 
 at the end of the map is a star . 
 `` that , '' she says , `` is the pantheon . '' 
 `` sofia ! '' 
 the man calls . 
 with a curious smile , she turns and runs back across the street . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 elijah shouts . 
 `` avanti diritto ! '' 
 she calls back , and is gone . 
 elijah stares at his hand . 
 it is a complex map , without any names . 
 just a beginning , an ending , and a path . 
 remarkably , he finds his way . 
 never once closing his fingers . 
 never once looking anywhere but where he is . 
 by the time he reaches the pantheon , there are hints that the sun will soon rise . 
 he sits on a bench and stares at the building 's exterior-rather plain , with only a hint of what 's inside . 
 as he waits for it to open , he falls asleep . 
 danny arrives first . 
 elijah arrives second . 
 this time they are separated by minutes , not years . 
 the pantheon is empty . 
 danny does not notice . 
 he is staring up into the eye of the sky . 
 he is standing in the golden beam of light that falls to the floor . 
 the lifting dome , a chorus of geometry . 
 crowned by the circle of air , the eclipse of architecture . 
 an opening where nobody would ever imagine one to be . 
 elijah wakes up on the bench , gathers himself together , and walks inside . 
 at first he is overwhelmed by the building . 
 the silence . 
 then he sees the one figure standing there . 
 and knows immediately who it is . 
 he walks over , puts a hand on his brother 's shoulder . 
 danny turns , and elijah is moved by the relief that rises to his face . 
 danny is about to say something , but elijah gestures him to be quiet . 
 the two of them look around . 
 no one but the statues . 
 nothing but the space . 
 they can not believe it . 
 they marvel at the emptiness . 
 as if the building has been waiting for them , preparing for this moment and this moment only . 
 the guard stands by the door , unaware . 
 the sunlight streams down on them as they look up and ponder the tiles that reach toward blue . 
 the quiet is extraordinary . 
 elijah walks into the shadows , his footsteps keeping time over marble . 
 danny begins to circle , too , until suddenly they are in orbit around each other , reverently floating through the room . 
 they look at statues and cornices and old-spoken words . 
 they look at the colors that fall under their feet-white marble , red marble , black marble . 
 they look at the dome and the intimation of air . 
 they wait for someone else to walk in the door , but no one does . 
 they look at each other and share a smile of disbelief and wonder . 
 their orbit becomes more pronounced , and now they are truly circling each other , not speaking a word , not daring to look away . 
 it is like a dance , because they are partners . 
 it is like a dream , because there is nothing else . 
 they will have this . 
 danny stands in the center of the light , so the sun can stare down at him . 
 then he closes his eyes and extends his arms . 
 he can feel the space of the building , like he can feel the building itself beneath his feet . 
 elijah stays in the shadows . 
 he too closes his eyes . 
 he holds them closed for a minute , maybe two . 
 for he knows that when he opens them , things will not be as they once were . 
 tourists will arrive . 
 a cloud will cross the eye . 
 they will no longer be alone together . 
 but they will still be together . 
 slowly elijah opens his eyes and walks to his brother . 
 he thinks of the statues game . 
 he thinks of red twine spinning from trees , and his brother 's hands as they pushed him on the swing . 
 elijah extends his arms so that his fingertips touch his brother 's . 
 then , just once , they spin like children . 
 this is what is lost . 
 this is what is never lost . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 his tone is not accusatory ; it is genuinely concerned . 
 they are standing in the undirected light of day now , next to a postcard vendor outside the pantheon . 
 `` just around , '' elijah replies . 
 he knows he must look like a total unbathed freak . 
 `` where 's julia ? '' 
 `` in her hotel room , i think . 
 back there , in the pantheon , did you ... ? '' 
 danny nods . 
 `` so it was n't just me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it was n't just you . 
 it was just us . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 the pleasure on danny 's face flickers . 
 `` are you going back to julia 's now ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no , '' elijah says . 
 `` we , um , said goodbye . '' 
 this is not what danny was expecting to hear . 
 `` oh , '' he says . 
 `` for good ? '' 
 `` for good . '' 
 elijah is surprised by how angry he does n't sound . 
 danny wants to hear more of the story , but he does n't really have the grounds to ask . 
 he 's never asked before , so it would seem strange to ask now . 
 he also wants to know whether or not elijah found out about julia 's late-night visit . 
 elijah does n't look as if he 's found out , but maybe he 's just hiding it . 
 in the end , elijah will never know , and danny will never know whether or not elijah knows . 
 `` so where have you been ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 `` where do you want to go now ? '' 
 `` how about the ruins ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` you have n't been there already ? '' 
 `` nope , '' danny lies . 
 -lrb- elijah wo n't know this is a lie until a month later , when danny drives up to providence and brings along his few vacation photos . -rrb- 
 they both take a minute before leaving the pantheon 's sight . 
 elijah buys a few postcards . 
 danny takes out a pen , and they write to their parents , thanking them . 
 then danny gets out his camera , and they ask the postcard vendor to take their picture . 
 just to prove they 've been here . 
 together . 
 as they head off to the ruins , danny asks elijah what he 's written on his hand . 
 and elijah tells him a true story . 
 when they get to the ruins , it begins to rain . 
 neither danny nor elijah has an umbrella , and neither will admit he wants one . 
 so instead they dart from overhang to overhang - and end up standing without cover , daring to be drenched . 
 elijah is inexplicably moved by the broken columns and fragmented floors . 
 he can not help but find a meaning and a message in their poverty of stature . 
 this is what remains , he thinks . 
 it seems a valuable lesson on a day when card catalogs are dying , communications are deleted , and buildings crumble under the weight of society 's expectations . 
 danny sees elijah 's remorseful expression and does n't know what to think . 
 does such an expression come from knowledge or innocence ? 
 sometimes it 's so hard to tell the difference . 
 the rain will not let up . 
 for a moment , elijah thinks he sees julia , and his feelings zigzag . 
 but it 's not her-not her at all . 
 she is no longer a person in his life ; instead , she is a person that other people will remind him of . 
 danny and elijah run to a cafe , the dirt of italy slowly gathering on their shoes and their legs . 
 a bad case of the doldrums seems to have hit the natives along with the rain-the waiters look glum , almost forlorn . 
 although danny has picked up enough italian to place his order , he is afraid that if he speaks a few words in italian , the waiter will assume he knows more than a few words . 
 so he sticks to english , thereby assuring that the waiter will not smile in return . 
 `` so where do you want to go next ? '' 
 danny asks elijah after the waiter has departed . 
 `` i 'd love to see the statue-you know , the one with the face that you can stick your hand in . '' 
 `` the one from roman holiday ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 exactly . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 soon they are talking loudly , animatedly , impersonating gregory peck . 
 they are reliving the movie and debating its finer points , agreeing only upon the ending . 
 how strange they must seem to the unimpressible italian waiters and the pop-star spanish teens and the japanese image collectors and the umbrella-sticked british pensioners-two grown american brothers , talking about how audrey hepburn makes them cry . 
 danny proposes a nap , and this time elijah does n't disagree . 
 he is surprised when danny stops at the door of the hotel . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 danny shouts . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 elijah asks . 
 then he sees what danny is seeing - a small swastika , drawn on the door of the d'inghilterra . 
 what 's inexplicable is not just that it was put there , but that the hotel has n't noticed-or has even kept it up . 
 danny immediately pulls a pen from his pocket and begins to cross it out . 
 elijah keeps watch , but nobody stops them . 
 the door is bleeding ink-danny is pressing so hard that he is chipping off the paint . 
 `` it 's gone , '' elijah tells him . 
 and indeed it is-replaced by a dark , ugly blot . 
 danny goes to complain to the manager , who appears sympathetic . 
 then the silver brothers return to their room . 
 danny heads straight for the shower . 
 elijah writes belated postcards to his friends and waits his turn . 
 he starts one postcard to cal , then writes three more . 
 even though he 'll see her tomorrow , he wants to give her something she will be able to keep . 
 he tries not to think about julia , and in the act of trying , he thinks about her . 
 but she seems vague now . 
 not a part of the real story . 
 `` all yours , '' danny says when he gets out of the shower . 
 he is wearing one of the hotel robes . 
 elijah is gratified to find there 's still hot water . 
 he closes his eyes and breathes in the steam . 
 when he looks down at the drain , he sees a small ring of hair . 
 danny 's hair . 
 it is irrefutable proof , but still elijah asks himself , is danny losing his hair ? 
 this would mean that danny is growing older . 
 is changing . 
 so strange . 
 elijah 's inner snapshot of danny is long out of date . 
 but he has n't realized it until now . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 danny asks when elijah steps from the bathroom and stares at his hairline . 
 -lrb- it looks fine . 
 although there is a little gray ... -rrb- `` nothing , '' elijah says . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're this old . '' 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 danny is already under the covers . 
 it is two in the afternoon . 
 sunlight filters through the window , but elijah gets into his bed anyway . 
 `` we 'll walk around a little before dinner , '' danny continues driftily . 
 he is turned away from elijah , but entirely conscious he is there . 
 `` you can tell me what you 've been up to . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 elijah closes his eyes and imagines that afternoon is night . 
 `` and then we 'll have a nice dinner . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 `` and walk around some more . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` and then i 'll teach you multiplication . '' 
 elijah smiles . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 `` i 'm glad that you 're here . '' 
 `` so am i. i 'm sorry about-well , what happened . '' 
 `` so am i. '' danny thinks this will be the end of the conversation , but then elijah -lrb- thinking of julia , thinking of cal , thinking of college applications , thinking of the confusion and elation and mistakes of the past week -rrb- asks , `` is this what growing up is like ? '' 
 and danny answers , `` i think so . '' 
 they will stay together until they leave the next day . 
 v. arrival after they get through customs -lrb- elijah 's pot having been left for the maid service in rome -rrb- , they are confronted by a throng of eager , peering faces . 
 danny scans the crowd and sees his parents a little way off . 
 his mother is reading a magazine and his father is staring at the flight listing . 
 a little closer , danny spots elijah 's friend-no doubt the one who dropped him off . 
 this time , she 's wearing a chauffeur 's cap and jacket , the cap tilted at a dietrich angle . 
 elijah has n't seen her yet . 
 `` hey , is n't that your girlfriend ? '' 
 danny asks . 
 elijah takes a look and beams . 
 cal sees him and beams in return . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend , '' he tells his brother . 
 `` well , maybe she should be , '' his brother advises . 
 elijah does n't know what to say to that . 
 because now cal is jumping the queue , running over and giving him the most fabulous hug . 
 `` speak italian to me ! '' 
 she cries . 
 `` welcome home ! '' 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 elijah asks gleefully . 
 `` you will not believe how many seventy-year-old men i had to hit up before i could get me one of these . 
 i should go return it . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 with that , she jets off again . 
 danny 's gaze follows her - sure enough , she is handing the cap and jacket back to a shirtsleeved older man . 
 elijah keeps hearing danny 's words-well , maybe she should be . 
 he wonders if it could really be that simple . 
 if something so obvious could actually be right . 
 `` elijah ! 
 danny ! '' 
 their mother is calling them now . 
 she , too , is beaming . 
 `` c'mon , '' danny says . 
 elijah picks up his bag and continues down the arrival pathway . 
 after the hellos , the thank yous begin . 
 the word `` trickery '' does not come up . 
 danny does n't even think it anymore . 
 when mrs. silver asks her sons what their favorite part of the trip was , they overlap and finish each other 's sentences . 
 `` oh , it had to be - '' `` the pantheon was the most incredible - '' '' - thing i 've - '' '' - we 've - '' '' - ever seen . 
 you would n't - '' `` you would n't believe it . '' 
 mrs. silver and mr. silver share a knowing look . 
 elijah and danny continue on-the telling makes them realize what a good time they 've had . 
 danny talks about gondoliers and joseph and meeting ari again , while elijah tells them about the balcony over st. mark 's square , the floors and the ceilings , and the woman on the plane ride over who once met billy corgan . 
 julia is not mentioned-she is , momentarily , forgotten . 
 mr. silver asks if all the hotels were okay . 
 mrs. silver asks if they had a chance to see the synagogues . 
 elijah and cal walk arm in arm as they all head to the garage . 
 the conversation falls back onto the usual post-vacation topics-what the weather was like here , what the weather was like there , what 's been on the news . 
 cal clearly has other news to tell elijah , but it will have to wait for the car ride home . 
 danny overhears her telling elijah that ivan and meg had a falling-out in the middle of ballroom dance , and the implications are huge . 
 finally , they reach the point where cal 's car is one direction and the silvers ' is the other . 
 mr. and mrs. silver 's desire to have cal and elijah over for dinner is overruled by their desire to have them drive home before sundown . 
 plus , elijah has to be at work early the next day . 
 -lrb- `` early '' being ten o'clock . -rrb- 
 elijah says thank you again and again . 
 he hugs his mother and father ... as does cal . 
 then he comes over to danny , and the two of them shake hands . 
 `` give me a break , '' cal moans . 
 `` tell me about it , '' mrs. silver puts in . 
 elijah and danny laugh and go for a hug . 
 they hold on longer than either would have expected . 
 when they let go , they thank each other and smile . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 `` you , too . '' 
 then , with a wave , cal and elijah walk away . 
 danny watches them go-arm in arm , fading into the garage . 
 as elijah walks back into the land of the student , with its late-night coffee conversations and application anxieties , and as danny returns to his voice-mail , e-mail , direct-deposit , pulsedriven existence , danny wonders when he 'll next see his brother . 
 and what it will be like . 
 there is the distance of miles , and the distance of brothers , to overcome . 
 he can feel the world coming between them again . 
 but the world is so much smaller than it used to be . 
