 before ethan wate principal harper was trying to rap . 
 those are five words i never thought i 'd say . 
 everything has got an end , so toss those caps and let 's hit send . 
 try getting that out of your head . 
 as i sat there on the bleachers at the stonewall jackson high school graduation-ethan wate being uncomfortably alphabetized between savannah snow and emory watkins-it did n't feel all that much like the end of anything . 
 i wished it would end . 
 graduation , at least . 
 but it would n't - not until the fat lady had sung . 
 or , in my case , not until the skinny lady , miss spider , had conducted the school orchestra . 
 according to the folded paper program , it was going to be a celine dion medley . 
 featured solo by emily ellen asher , `` her heart will go on ... and on and on and on . '' 
 of course it would . 
 even though her heart could give the titanic a run for its money in a downward-spiral contest . 
 i tried not to catch her eye , but i could see emily looking at me , all the way from the a 's . 
 i could take it , one last time . 
 it felt like torture , but i 'd faced worse . 
 this was gatlin-style torture , not otherworld-pile-of-bones-maze-that-goes-nowhere or damned-waters-of-the-undead torture . 
 principal harper rapped something about facing the world around us by standing up with courage-mostly , trying to rhyme courage with scourge , which did n't really work . 
 besides , i was pretty sure his approach to `` facing the world '' did n't include a whole lot of standing up for anything . 
 he was more of a sitting-it-out kind of a guy . 
 i was relieved when he finally did sit down after a good twenty-two minutes , but who was counting ? 
 but then our class president , savannah snow , went on about how she 'd miss teasing link , and how excited she was to get on with being the most popular girl at the university of south carolina , over in the big city of columbia , and how her daddy was going to buy her a new dodge charger for graduating without getting knocked up , and how she could finally admit that she really had been better than emily and charlotte and the rest of the cheer squad all along . 
 that 's probably not exactly what she said , but it 's close enough to what she was thinking . 
 none of us were actually listening anymore . 
 it was too hot and too late for that . 
 on the plus side , savannah was n't rapping . 
 with crushing heat like this , it was hard to believe that the order of things had been restored-that the curse and the chaos that had almost ended the world as gatlin knew it was all behind us now . 
 a debt had been paid . 
 we 'd lived so long with it all hanging in the balance , it felt weird to be only worrying about the heat wilting the flowers our families had ordered from gardens of eden , cooking the blooms until they looked like a bunch of dead broccoli clumps . 
 i squinted to find my dad . 
 he had n't let me wear sunglasses ; he said amma would have rolled over in her grave , if she 'd had one . 
 but i knew amma could n't give a crap about whether or not i wore my aviators with my cap and gown , not where she was now . 
 she was probably too busy sassing all my aunt prue 's husbands , or yelling at my mom about her fried green tomatoes , or hanging out on the porch with uncle abner . 
 that was the otherworld for you , but i could n't expect my dad to understand . 
 when i finally found him , he was sitting with my aunt caroline , who had driven up from savannah for the occasion . 
 his new girlfriend , mrs. english , had to sit with the faculty , and i was grateful that i did n't have to kiss up to her today . 
 or watch him kiss her , for that matter . 
 we all had to take this slow . 
 on the other side of my dad was my girlfriend 's family : lena 's cousin ridley , wearing a black straw hat as big as a hubcap , and a little black dress as small as a handkerchief ; aunt del , fanning her face with a peacock feather fan ; and lena 's cousins reece and ryan , in matching round sunglasses . 
 uncle macon was back home , since the whole town still thought he was dead . 
 long story . 
 but our friends john breed and liv durand were there to report the whole thing to him-what little of it , that is , that boo radley could n't report himself , from where he sat on the grass near the stage , wagging his tail in time with the band . 
 john waved from the crowd when he saw me , even though liv elbowed him . 
 i did n't wave back . 
 could this go on any longer ? 
 lena kelted to me , sounding as grouchy as i was , even in my mind . 
 there were some drawbacks to having a caster girlfriend , like a nasty curse and an even nastier mother -lrb- now in the otherworld , another long story -rrb- , but there were benefits , too . 
 she had lots of unique abilities-including allowing us to hear each other 's thoughts . 
 i craned my neck to see her , down in the front row with the a 's through the d 's . 
 duchannes , lena , was seated perilously close to asher , emily . 
 i smiled . 
 i 'm just trying not to pass out , l. five more minutes of this and i 'll join you , ethan . 
 a louder thought shoved past the others . 
 you think we can hide beneath the bleachers without anyone noticin ' ? 
 which would be link , my best friend and former mortal , now one-quarter incubus . 
 lena and i always managed to forget that he could kelt , too , ever since he turned . 
 as a result , he found a way to pop in at the most awkward times . 
 get out of my head , butt wipe , i kelted back . 
 down on the bleacher in front of me , he shook his head . 
 hey , do n't lose it on me . 
 tell your girlfriend there to squeeze out a little rain . 
 i 'm not wearin ' anythin ' under this gown , and my cheeks are sweatin ' so hard it looks like i peed my pants . 
 i burst out laughing . 
 savannah snow glared at me . 
 shut up , both of you . 
 they 're starting . 
 we may actually get home before midnight . 
 the head of the school board had begun to read the names . 
 `` emily asher . '' 
 mrs. asher led a round of hysterical applause , mostly featuring every asher within ninety miles of gatlin . 
 a few snows chimed in for good measure , but considering it was the ashers , there were about as many folks not clapping . 
 emily marched up to the podium to the tune of `` pomp and circumstance . '' 
 her shoes were like two skyscrapers strapped to her feet . 
 even her hair was taller than i 'd ever seen it , as if she 'd been electrocuted . 
 black eye goop was sweating down her face , drowning raccoon-style . 
 she had definitely pulled out all the stops . 
 it was hard to look at her , even from back here in the w 's . 
 no sooner had emily taken her diploma and smiled for the camera-ozzy phelps , from gatlin 's only paper , the stars and stripes , moonlighted as the school photographer-when the diploma turned into a snake . 
 hissing and rattling , it wrapped itself around her wrist like a fancy pharaoh 's bracelet . 
 emily screamed , and then the crowd screamed-because the basket of diplomas next to the podium had become a crawling , slithering , writhing bundle of snakes . 
 rattlers , from the look of it . 
 a whole mess of them . 
 then the usual stuff happened . 
 lots of screaming . 
 lots of chaos . 
 everyone running , except miss spider 's ensemble , who started playing `` my heart will go on '' in all the confusion . 
 within minutes , graduation was a wrap . 
 everyone had cleared the field . 
 everyone , that is , except lena 's family , who sat in a row looking like the only people at a funeral . 
 the sea of empty chairs surrounding them made you wonder if the crowd was n't looking for any excuse to clear out of there . 
 my dad went to find mrs. english in the parking lot , and i was actually relieved . 
 i did n't want to have to explain this new situation to him . 
 i 'd spent the last few years explaining plenty of stuff already . 
 when lena and i climbed down from the bleachers , we made a beeline for the one person who had it coming . 
 also the one person who could n't have cared less . 
 `` ridley , i swear ! '' 
 aunt del had beaten lena to the punch , which was what she looked like she wanted to do to her daughter-lena 's infamous siren cousin , and my best friend 's on-again-off-again girlfriend . 
 a good bad girl , or a bad good girl , depending on the day . 
 ridley duchannes . 
 del was already mid-scold by the time we walked over . 
 and ridley was n't having any of it . 
 `` oh please . 
 i love it how one little thing goes wrong around here and everyone assumes i 'm to blame . '' 
 ridley twirled a bright red lollipop between her equally red manicured fingers . 
 reece rolled her eyes . 
 ryan could n't stop laughing . 
 `` did you see their faces ? '' 
 ridley sat , legs crossed , looking like she 'd stepped out of some kind of movie where the bad girl really did n't have a heart of gold after all . 
 not even tin . 
 there was probably a big , gaping hole between her lungs . 
 `` what ? 
 she deserved it , that little snake . '' 
 ridley 's red-lipsticked lips curved into a smile . 
 `` takes one to know one . 
 i barely had to do a thing . 
 those snakes wanted to be there . 
 for her . '' 
 she whistled . 
 `` talk about venom . 
 that girl was positively lethal . '' 
 link put his arm around ridley , pulling her up out of her seat . 
 `` that 's my girl . '' 
 `` wesley lincoln ! '' 
 he looked up to see his mother frantically waving from the edge of the field . 
 `` got ta go , '' he said with a sigh , kissing ridley on the cheek . 
 `` you know how my mom feels when i 'm in league with the devil . '' 
 mrs. lincoln had tangled with my family and lena 's , and now she mostly stayed away . 
 which was probably why she 'd stopped at the edge of the field instead of marching over here to hiss at us directly . 
 `` and i wore my best horns today , '' ridley said , twisting her long blond hair around her finger . 
 for a moment , i could 've sworn the pink stripe in her hair was actually red . 
 it would have been tunnel of fudge , if amma was still here . 
 that 's what i was thinking as i lay in bed , sweating and staring up at my old blue ceiling . 
 the cake at my graduation dinner . 
 it should 've been tunnel of fudge . 
 instead , it had been three pieces of my aunt caroline 's chocolate pecan pie , and while it was good , it was n't amma-good . 
 i had to eat all three pieces , or my dad and aunt caroline would 've known what i was thinking-that things were changing in gatlin , and they changed more every day . 
 it was time to go . 
 i never expected it to feel so strange when that time actually came . 
 when i was little , my parents did n't ask me what i wanted to be when i grew up . 
 they asked me where i wanted to go . 
 i said away . 
 then they bought me a map . 
 it was a natural reaction to life in gatlin , south carolina , i guess . 
 our small town was far enough from charleston-or any civilization , for that matter-to feel like its own planet . 
 and like any good astronaut , from the moment i could read well enough to study that map , i spent every waking moment planning exactly how i would get to use it . 
 i had a box crammed with college brochures under my bed , and i always said i 'd go anywhere , as long as it was at least a thousand miles from gatlin . 
 instead of a box of college brochures under his bed , link had his plans plastered all over the garage walls , where his latest band , meatstik , practiced . 
 the bands link worshipped , like led zeppelin , black sabbath , and the rolling stones , had already proven that all you needed to get out of any small town were big dreams and a band . 
 link had both . 
 he also had ridley , and a destination-new york city . 
 thanks to lena , i had spent enough time studying in the last two years to earn a scholarship somewhere i actually wanted to go . 
 okay ... somewhere not all that far from where she wanted to go . 
 what can i say ? 
 i 'm a guy who loves his girl . 
 i 'd go anywhere for lena duchannes , whose name rhymes with rain-whose birthmark looks like a caster moon , whose hair curls when she uses her powers , whose green and gold eyes shine brighter than the sun . 
 she is the other half of me . 
 in the last two years , i 'd figured something out-something i never would 've believed before i met a caster girl and fell in love ; before i died fighting for our lives against lena 's dark caster mother , sarafine ; and before i died the second time to save the world and the people i loved , and then fought my way back to them . 
 happy endings do n't come cheap . 
 it is n't enough to know you 've found your soul mate , if you believe in that kind of thing . 
 i do , because i have one . 
 you have to make it happen . 
 you have to will the whole world to bend around you and the person you love . 
 you have to kick fate in the teeth and poke fortune 's eyes out . 
 you have to fight and claw and scrap your way to her side . 
 you ca n't let anyone or anything or any reason-supernatural or otherwise-stand in your way . 
 true love ? 
 fate ? 
 your future together ? 
 to get there , it means refusing all the other crap the universe hands you . 
 it means telling the wheel of fate to suck it and roll over someone else . 
 it means not settling for any of the other endings you see coming . 
 it means holding out . 
 if amma were here , she would 've said it was all in the cards . 
 but that was true only if amma was the one reading them . 
 she taught us that . 
 the rest of us had to make our own destiny . 
 lena and i knew that better than anyone . 
 ridley and link , they still had to learn it the hard way . 
 i guess that 's sort of where this whole story begins . 
 after wesley lincoln wesley lincoln never could 've imagined being as whipped as his best friend , ethan , not for one minute of his life . 
 not even back when he was a hundred percent mortal , one bite and a whole quarter incubus ago . 
 things with ridley were n't like that . 
 the two of them did n't say nice things to each other ; they fought . 
 they did n't look for little ways to help each other ; they competed in one-liners and dares . 
 they did n't hold hands and go on errands and hang out with each other 's families . 
 they made out like two lit firecrackers burning up oxygen off the same match . 
 then they did n't speak for weeks at a time . 
 it was hot . 
 stupid , but hot . 
 when rid walked into the room , link got goose bumps . 
 he did n't even have to be looking at her . 
 just so long as he knew she was there . 
 it was like he had some kind of radar that went off in the presence of that girl . 
 right or wrong . 
 good or bad . 
 maybe it was an allergy . 
 a bad one . 
 wait , is that a certain kind of whipped ? 
 is that how it 's supposed to be ? 
 like an infection ? 
 poison oak or something ? 
 link did n't mind about ethan and lena . 
 they were like bert and ernie , and it was sort of sad to see bert without ernie . 
 those two fuzzy little guys belonged together , no matter what his mom had to say about it . 
 and he had become used to having lena around , especially during the time they had both lost ethan to the otherworld . 
 lena was like a little sister to him . 
 a fuzzy little sister . 
 ridley was something else . 
 none of it was easy with her . 
 none of it was ever what it looked like at first . 
 that 's what link usually loved about ridley . 
 she 'd claw your eyes out and then weep over the scratch marks . 
 she was her own worst enemy and her own best friend . 
 she made life so damn hard for herself , and everyone around her , that it was like a miracle , only in reverse . 
 but she 's not anything like any other girl i 've ever met . 
 link watched her from across the swimming pool . 
 they had started the day at ravenwood , but then he had ripped them all to a new location after ridley 's hissy fit this morning , when she had decided it was too hot not to swim . 
 when rid got these ideas in her head , she was too stubborn to let them go . 
 then it was up to link or lena to bail her out , every time . 
 lena had called the community center and found out that the pool was closed on account of a wayward diaper incident , so ridley had insisted they find another place to swim . 
 `` what 's wrong with hanging out by the lake ? '' 
 he 'd asked . 
 `` the lake is n't saint-tropez , '' ridley had said . 
 `` i 'm a country boy , '' link had said . 
 `` saint-tropez is in a country , '' ridley had countered . 
 `` and that country happens to be france . '' 
 `` well , you can santa toupee yourself somewhere else , 'cause i do n't like it . '' 
 after that ridley had pouted , and link had given in . 
 of course he had . 
 that 's all he ever did lately . 
 he was your basic slave to love-but the girl he loved would n't even admit she loved him back . 
 guys had written songs about less . 
 link turned over in his lounge chair , pulling his towel halfway over his face . 
 an incubus working on his tan . 
 this whole thing is ridiculous . 
 link did n't like it-except for how the girls ' bathing suits were smaller , when they were there at all . 
 the guys were in speedos , which revealed too much to make anyone comfortable , as far as he was concerned . 
 if i had my own country , guys would swim in long pants . 
 girls would just , you know ... swim . 
 link grinned at the thought . 
 `` hey , shrinky dink . '' 
 he opened one eye . 
 ethan and lena were splashing in the shallow end while john and liv shared a towel . 
 ridley was `` fanning herself , '' which meant that two pool boys were fanning her as she sipped what looked like lemonade out of a tall glass . 
 `` citron presse , '' she called over to him , holding up her drink . 
 `` want one ? 
 i have a whole pitcher . '' 
 `` no thanks . 
 i 'll stick with lemonade . '' 
 `` that 's what this is , hot rod . '' 
 lena pulled herself out of the pool and grabbed a towel . 
 ethan only let go of her hand long enough to grab his own . 
 like i said , whipped . 
 they 'd probably even pee holding hands underneath the stalls if you let them . 
 maybe you can do that in france . 
 `` what are we going to do tonight , kids ? '' 
 ridley looked at her cousin . 
 `` and do n't try to tell me book club is a real thing again . '' 
 lena rolled her eyes . 
 `` i did n't make that up . 
 google it or something . '' 
 `` google ? 
 yeah , right . 
 stupid word . 
 you probably made that up , too . '' 
 ridley sniffed . 
 she liked to pretend she was above mortal technology . 
 ethan laughed . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 i have to start my job at the library tomorrow . '' 
 `` job ? '' 
 ridley sounded annoyed . 
 lena smiled . 
 `` ethan 's helping liv and marian in the stacks . 
 just until we leave in september . 
 i told him i 'd go hang out with him tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' ridley said . 
 `` thank you ? '' 
 ethan looked amused . 
 `` what about john boy ? 
 ca n't he help read things ? '' 
 ridley never said anything positive about john breed . 
 she never said anything positive about anyone , come to think of it . 
 why is that ? 
 link thought , looking at her . 
 it 's not like she needed any more self-esteem . 
 the girl was an esteem factory . 
 `` john 's busy with uncle macon . '' 
 lena did n't elaborate . 
 `` and he 's also gone after this summer , you know . 
 john and liv . '' 
 ridley looked doubly irritated . 
 `` that leaves you and me , sugarplum . '' 
 link looked at her . 
 `` wan na go see a movie in summerville or somethin' ? 
 the monster truck rally 's up in columbia . 
 road trip ? '' 
 `` just let me get my dip . '' 
 ridley shot him a withering look . 
 `` i thought summer was supposed to be fun . 
 three days in and i 'm already bored to death . '' 
 `` aww , it 's not that bad . '' 
 link sat up and looked at her , pulling the towel from his head . 
 `` are you talking about your hair ? 
 because it is that bad . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 link grinned . 
 he knew how his hair was sticking up , and he did n't care . 
 if you love me , you love my hair . 
 the question was , did she love him ? 
 `` there 's a new club i want to hit . 
 suffer . 
 it 's like exile , only hotter . '' 
 ridley had made up her mind . 
 when she looked around the sticky plastic booth at the dar-ee keen , though , nobody else was biting . 
 here we go , thought link , already tired . 
 `` everything 's hotter , babe . 
 it 's almost july . '' 
 she was n't giving up . 
 she pushed away her double-cherry-chocolate shake . 
 `` come on , guys . 
 just this once . 
 let 's get out of this boring town and light it up , caster-style . '' 
 `` because our little trip to the south of france did n't do it for you ? '' 
 ethan shoved the rest of his fries on top of his burger and into his mouth . 
 he still ate as though he was making up for lost time , link thought sadly . 
 or because his best friend ca n't eat anymore . 
 it was the only thing link missed about being a hundred percent mortal . 
 that , and sleeping in . 
 or sleeping at all . 
 `` france ? 
 that was today . 
 this is tonight . '' 
 ridley tried to make her logic sound reasonable , but link was n't buying it any more than the rest of their friends . 
 ethan shook his head . 
 `` i guess i do n't need to remind you how many times link and i have nearly gotten our butts kicked at exile . 
 caster-style . '' 
 ridley shrugged . 
 `` two hybrid incubuses , a siren , and a natural . 
 you and the trapper keeper will be safe as babies in butt bags . '' 
 liv looked annoyed . 
 `` it 's keeper . '' 
 `` and they 're called diapers . '' 
 lena shook her head . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 ridley fluttered her pink nails dismissively . 
 `` i 'll go , '' link said with a sigh . 
 `` i 'd go anywhere with you , sugarplum . 
 you know that . 
 if i 'd go to saint no way today , i 'll go to suffer tonight . 
 at least the name 's settin ' my expectations where they probably belong . '' 
 `` aw , thanks , shrinky dink . '' 
 she kissed his cheek and he pulled her close , bringing his mouth to hers . 
 they kissed across the booth table . 
 ethan and lena and liv and john collectively groaned , like they always did . 
 but ridley and link ignored them , like they always did . 
 then they just kept kissing , like it was a hundred degrees inside and out . 
 like they would die as soon as this kiss was over , and neither one of them cared . 
 like it was the end of time , and there was nobody else left in the whole world to keep them apart . 
 third degree burns , link thought . 
 that 's what this is . 
 finally . 
 by the time link came up for air , ridley 's arms were wrapped around his neck , and her bright pink lipstick was wrapped around his face . 
 `` that was seriously the most disgusting display of pda anyone 's ever witnessed in the history of gatlin county , '' ethan said , pushing his burger away . 
 `` possibly throughout all of history , '' added liv . 
 `` yeah . 
 gross , '' john said . 
 `` can i have those onion rings ? '' 
 lena kept her eyes on the table . 
 but link ignored them . 
 he kept his forehead pressed against ridley 's , whispering something into her face . 
 a secret . 
 something private . 
 something he should have told her a long time ago . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 she yanked away from him as if he 'd lit her pink streak on fire . 
 link felt like she 'd thrown a bucket of water in his face . 
 `` i love you , rid . 
 you got ta know that by now . '' 
 `` here we go , '' ethan said , pushing his way out of the booth . 
 `` see ya , '' john said , grabbing the onion rings . 
 liv and lena followed him out the door . 
 they knew better than to say a word . 
 all four of them ran for it . 
 link might as well have lobbed a grenade at ridley , instead of three little words . 
 he did n't know what all the fuss was about . 
 but she stood there staring at him like he 'd whipped off his pants in the middle of the dar-ee keen . 
 you could drive a monster truck through her mouth , link thought . 
 that 's how far it 's hanging open . 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' rid finally said , without looking at him . 
 link shoved his hand through his spiky hair . 
 `` so , yeah . 
 that 's not what you 're supposed to say when a guy tells you he loves you . '' 
 he wiped pink lipstick off his face . 
 rid rolled her eyes . 
 `` what am i supposed to say ? 
 i love you , too ? 
 do you know how ridiculous that is ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i get the feelin ' you 're about to spell it out for me . '' 
 link looked grim . 
 in the distance , charlotte , the dar-ee keen 's only full-time waitress , held up a pitcher of refill soda . 
 he shook his head . 
 not now . 
 not when all hell is about to break loose . 
 `` do you know how many guys have said those words to me ? 
 and do you know how many times i 've said them back ? '' 
 ridley was losing it . 
 `` i 'm going to go with ` all of them ' and ` zero , ' based on this whole conversation . '' 
 link exhaled . 
 keep it calm . 
 talk her down . 
 you know how to do this , bro . 
 `` ding , ding , ding . '' 
 she was furious , and anger brought out her nasty side . 
 `` you do n't have to be nasty about it . 
 i get it . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i get it . 
 i 'm not as stupid as you think i am . '' 
 link flicked a piece of melting ice across the table . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he looked up . 
 `` you do n't love me . 
 you do n't love anybody . 
 you 're a siren . 
 i 've heard it all before . '' 
 `` then , why - '' `` the thing is , rid , that 's not what it feels like when you 're with me . '' 
 he had to be honest . 
 he had nothing left to lose . 
 `` please , '' she snapped . 
 link kept going . 
 `` i got ta be honest with you . 
 i kinda feel like you - '' `` do n't say it . '' 
 she held up her finger . 
 a threat . 
 `` you love me . '' 
 he smiled because he knew it was true , whether or not rid would ever admit she felt that way . 
 he did n't know why that did n't seem to cut it anymore . 
 `` i said not to say it . '' 
 ridley was backing her way out of the booth . 
 `` you do n't have to be so tough all the time . 
 not around me , rid . '' 
 he got up after her . 
 her hands were against the glass door of the restaurant . 
 `` i am tough . 
 it 's everything else that i 'm faking . '' 
 `` see that ? 
 you 're a liar . 
 a big fat liar . '' 
 he leaned against the wall next to her . 
 `` i 'm none of those things . 
 not big . 
 not fat . 
 not a liar . '' 
 she was like a cornered polecat , and he 'd never seen her so panicked . 
 `` yeah ? 
 then what are you ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow , waiting . 
 he could wait all night . 
 `` out of here . 
 that 's what i am . '' 
 true to her word , she was n't lying . 
 before link could say anything , ridley was gone . 
 aftermath ridley there were lots of ways to forget about a guy . 
 especially a mostly mortal guy . 
 especially one who was only part incubus , and not even the good part . 
 especially a dumb guy who kept trying to force you to be something you 're not . 
 something you could n't possibly live up to ... ridley tried to forget every way she knew how . 
 she bounced her way through europe with a broken heart , country hopping the way some guys go barhopping . 
 she met a handsome italian football player on a train to otranto and stayed in a castle for the next two weeks . 
 the florence of the south , marco had said . 
 no more dinners with your mother , ridley had said . 
 not even in a castle . 
 she had cruised down the dalmatian coast with bela , a handsome sailor in an even more handsome yacht , from split to brac to hvar to the walled city of dubrovnik . 
 the orange-red tiles against the blue-blue sky had seemed romantic at first . 
 then they just reminded her of link with his lake moultrie sunburn . 
 in paris , she had grown tired of champagne and oysters , and of etienne , who had come with them . 
 there were only so many baguettes you could break at ernest hemingway 's former table or f. scott fitzgerald 's afternoon bar . 
 and the cafe les deux magots probably meant something about two maggots , so what was that about , anyway ? 
 berlin was arty ; ridley was not . 
 moscow liked salty ; ridley liked sweet . 
 by the time she finally felt like she had left gatlin behind , it was n't just gatlin that was over . 
 the whole summer was behind her . 
 ridley did n't know why she 'd come back here-to new york or to suffer . 
 the dark caster club did n't have enough alcohol or enough sugar to keep her mind off all the things she had spent the summer trying to forget . 
 the one thing-or the one person . 
 nothing had helped . 
 ridley was beginning to think that nothing would , which scared her more than she was willing to admit to anyone , including herself . 
 the rolling stones ' `` sympathy for the devil '' - the personal sound track that rid had adopted after the deliciously disastrous winter formal at jackson high-blasted from her clutch . 
 ah ! 
 she never gives up . 
 it was her phone . 
 her perfect half-light , half-dark cousin , lena , had spent the last two months trying to convince ridley to put a cork in her champagne bottle and come back to gatlin . 
 ridley was tired of being lectured . 
 `` i texted you a hundred times and told you i 'm not coming back there . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i was expecting , ` hi , lena . 
 it 's nice to hear from you , ' '' her cousin said . '' 
 ` i 'm sorry i ignored your texts and never returned your calls . ' '' 
 `` you do n't have to be so dramatic , '' ridley said . 
 `` i 've been busy . 
 and i know he put you up to this . 
 but i 'm not coming back there . '' 
 i ca n't , rid thought . 
 `` link did n't put me up to anything . 
 he 's online all the time looking for an apartment in new york . 
 i called because it 's the end of the summer . 
 ethan and i are leaving for college next week , and liv and john are heading to london . 
 i thought you might want to see us before we go . '' 
 `` what do you mean , he 's looking for an apartment ? '' 
 ridley knew what it meant . 
 he was going without her . 
 as if he 'd survive a week here by himself . 
 lena sighed . 
 `` leave it alone , rid . 
 you broke link 's heart , and he was miserable all summer . 
 i think he 's finally accepted that things would never have worked out between you two . 
 let it go . '' 
 ridley felt like someone had kicked her in the stomach . 
 `` how do you know he 's accepted it ? 
 what did he say ? '' 
 `` rid , please - '' `` what did he say ? '' 
 ridley repeated , her voice growing louder . 
 `` just that some things are n't meant to be . '' 
 the words hit ridley harder than she ever would 've thought possible . 
 `` i got ta go , cuz . '' 
 `` rid - '' ridley hung up before lena had a chance to say anything else . 
 there was no way she was going back to that wretched town . 
 she had stayed there too long . 
 that was the problem . 
 there was always something-john breed taking off with her cousin back when he was still one of the bad guys . 
 ethan jumping off a water tower to save the world , then being trapped in the otherworld . 
 ridley coming home to take on abraham ravenwood and save ethan . 
 then lena had begged her to stay for graduation . 
 `` it wo n't be the same if you are n't there , '' she 'd said . 
 whatever . 
 ridley had pretended that she did n't want to go , but secretly she 'd wanted to see her cousin graduate . 
 at least one of them had made it through the mind-numbing mortal high school experience without being burned at the stake . 
 ridley had always known it would be lena . 
 rid was n't cut out for all that insecurity and angst and bff crap . 
 best friends forever ? 
 as far as she was concerned , it was more like bitches , frenemies , and freaks . 
 but lena was n't the only reason she had stayed . 
 she 'd stayed because of link , something she would never admit to a single soul . 
 wesley lincoln . 
 rid never called him that to his face , or in front of anyone else . 
 but it was the way she thought of him-with his cocky grin , rock and roll dreams , and drumsticks in his back pocket . 
 wearing a faded black sabbath t-shirt and driving the piece of crap beater-he was the guy who had gotten under her skin . 
 apparently , he was the one guy who had let her walk away . 
 some things are n't meant to be . 
 ridley stiffened at the thought of him saying those words . 
 after tonight , they wo n't be . 
 she planned to make sure of it . 
 the line in front of suffer snaked around the block . 
 it was the dark caster club of the moment , outranking exile in terms of music -lrb- live bands instead of an aging incubus dj -rrb- , clientele -lrb- the unattractive need not apply -rrb- , and trouble -lrb- the more , the better -rrb- . 
 not that ridley cared about the line , since she had no intention of standing in it ... until she noticed a few delicious guys waiting behind the black velvet ropes . 
 a little window-shopping before she went in could n't hurt . 
 ridley ran her hands through her blond hair , with its signature pink streak , to give it that i-could-have-just-rolled-out-of-your-bed look . 
 she zeroed in on a dangerous-looking incubus at the front of the line . 
 rid took one last lick of her cherry lollipop and tossed it into a dumpster . 
 she did n't need her siren 's power of persuasion to turn heads . 
 tonight , she was doing it old-school , platform heels and mile-long legs , with a little pink lip gloss and something to prove . 
 bring it . 
 `` let me get that for you . '' 
 the incubus practically tripped over himself trying to unhook one of the velvet ropes so that ridley could slip in line beside him . 
 `` are n't you sweet . 
 what do i owe you ? '' 
 she put one hand on her hip and leaned toward him just enough . 
 `` i 'll have to think about it , '' he said . 
 `` blond in the black leather skirt . '' 
 the doorman pointed at rid . 
 `` you 're in . '' 
 ridley smiled and tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 the incubus started to follow her , but the doorman shook his head . 
 `` just the lady . '' 
 she tapped a long silver nail against the incubus ' chest . 
 `` sorry , tall , dark , and dangerous . 
 maybe i 'll see you inside . '' 
 or not , she thought . 
 she shimmied past the doorman and stopped at the brick wall in front of her . 
 `` nice trick , '' rid said , glancing back at him before she stepped right through it . 
 the wall was a test . 
 the doorman was an illusionist , and if you were n't smart enough to know it , then you did n't belong at suffer . 
 inside the club , spotlights suspended from the ceiling tinted everything a deadly shade of red . 
 the crowd pulsed on the dance floor that hovered in the air , three stories above ridley 's head . 
 `` you 're just going to leave me here ? '' 
 a girl whined , a few feet away . 
 the guy-who was probably her boyfriend , judging by the guilty expression on his face-caught her arm as she started to turn away . 
 ridley smiled . 
 the girl obviously was n't a siren , like ridley , but at least she knew how to get her boyfriend to do what she wanted . 
 `` i have to set up the game , baby , '' the guy said . 
 `` it 's the last night . 
 winner takes all . '' 
 ridley moved closer to the bar , and the couple 's conversation . 
 now things were getting interesting . 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` it 's not like they 're going to let you play . 
 they treat you like an indentured servant . '' 
 the guy stiffened . 
 that 's when ridley noticed his eyes . 
 they were n't the gold eyes of a dark caster or the black eyes of an incubus . 
 his eyes were blue-mortal blue . 
 `` it 's not like that , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm part of the band . '' 
 the girl laughed . 
 `` you 're their roadie . 
 you ca n't even get yourself in the game . '' 
 `` no one can get in the game ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 as amused as ridley was by the argument , she was more intrigued by this mystery game . 
 it sounded exclusive . 
 why had n't she heard about it ? 
 before she had a chance to find out more , the mortal 's caster girlfriend stormed off . 
 he slumped against the polished metal bar . 
 the bartender reached over the mortal 's shoulder , handing blood incubuses tall glasses of the club 's signature drink , o positive . 
 the mortal must have been telling the truth about being with the band , or those glasses would 've been filled with his blood . 
 mortals were n't welcome at suffer unless they were payment for one of the dozens of illicit substances available in the underground , the darkest part of the caster world . 
 ridley could n't stop staring at his blue eyes , lost in the sea of black and gold . 
 in the mortal world , he would 've had the girls falling all over themselves to get his attention . 
 but in a room full of sexy dark caster boys , he did n't even show up on their radar . 
 the song ended , and the opening band stopped playing . 
 the spotlights trailed over the crowd until they reached the stage and the lead singer . 
 `` the headliner tonight needs no introduction . 
 give it up for the devil 's hangmen ! '' 
 ridley rolled her eyes . 
 the devil 's hangmen ? 
 that was original . 
 it sounded like the name of a failed eighties heavy metal band . 
 it was almost as bad as the name of link 's band , meatstik . 
 she felt a pang of something at the thought of link , but she pushed him out of her mind-a skill at which she excelled . 
 the crowd erupted into applause . 
 the mortal roadie 's head snapped up . 
 he rushed through the wall of bodies toward the front of the club as the ragtag group jogged onstage-a lead singer the size of a linebacker , sporting leather pants and enough tattoos to pass for a t-shirt ; a female bass guitarist in a faded pink floyd t-shirt , who tripped over the microphone cord ; a pretty-boy punk with a blue faux-hawk and a guitar to match ; and an incubus who sat down at his drum kit wearing earplugs . 
 if these were the devil 's hangmen , the devil was slacking . 
 rid glanced at the door . 
 maybe it was time to bail . 
 the drummer cracked his sticks together three times , and the band came to life in one thunderous heartbeat . 
 and if you ignored the subpar drummer , they were actually good-a pink floyd red hot chili peppers mash-up , if you liked that sort of thing . 
 ridley did n't , but then again , she did n't like any bands . 
 not anymore . 
 she 'd trained her ears to tune out all music ; it had been her way of dealing with the abuse that was meatstik . 
 the music throbbed , and she spun around , reaching for the ceiling , and danced until she could n't think about anything-or anyone-except catching her breath and getting a drink with something sweet in it . 
 as she tossed her hair over her shoulder and turned back toward the bar , a weird feeling came over her , eclipsing the noise and the heat and the energy in the club . 
 someone was watching her . 
 ridley rapped her glitter-coated nails on the bar . 
 if someone wanted a good look at her , she 'd give the person a minute before she used her power of persuasion to convince them to punch the doorman in the face on their way out . 
 payback 's a bitch . 
 she could n't help but smile . 
 she turned around slowly , letting her black tank slide up just enough to reveal the edges of the dark caster tattoo that encircled her navel . 
 her gold eyes zeroed in on the edge of the stage immediately . 
 the dark caster stood perfectly still next to the heavy black curtain that framed one side of the stage . 
 he stared back at ridley as if they were the only two people in the room . 
 he was almost as tall as the goliath lead singer , but this guy was no linebacker . 
 he looked more like a greek sculpture-lean and muscular , with chiseled features and tanned skin that made his gold eyes glow . 
 his dirty-blond hair curled around the collar of the steel gray shirt underneath the fitted black sweater that looked as if he 'd been born wearing it . 
 he let his eyes wander over ridley leisurely , drinking her in . 
 from the long pink streak in her hair , over the dangerously low-cut neckline of her tank , to the mile-long bare legs , he enjoyed every inch . 
 suddenly , the room felt hotter and the music sounded louder . 
 instead of reveling in the attention , ridley wanted to shrink back into the crowd and disappear-a feeling she had only experienced in the presence of sarafine , lena 's dark caster of a mother , and abraham , the ancient blood incubus who had trapped her in a gilded birdcage . 
 the one link and john breed had killed . 
 there was something about this guy that sent her flight instinct into overdrive . 
 this caster was powerful , and he knew it . 
 ridley 's hands curled into fists at her sides , and she stared back at him intently . 
 she would never let anyone make her feel powerless again . 
 this guy was not abraham or sarafine . 
 the days of bargaining for her life were over . 
 the set ended , and the band jogged offstage . 
 someone touched ridley 's shoulder , and she practically jumped out of her skin . 
 `` what the - '' she spun around , eyes blazing . 
 the roadie stood in front of her , his hands raised in surrender . 
 `` sorry . 
 did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 `` you did n't scare me , '' ridley snapped as she stalked toward him , pointing a long , glittery fingernail at his chest . 
 `` i just do n't like mortals touching me . 
 it 's a hygiene thing . '' 
 he backed away , matching her step for step . 
 `` sampson sent me over . 
 the lead singer from the band . 
 i 'm supposed to find out if you wan na hang out after the gig . '' 
 `` if by ` hang out , ' he means sleep with him , i 'll pass . '' 
 the roadie shook his head . 
 `` i 'm totally screwing this up . 
 he 's gon na be pissed . 
 he noticed you before . 
 he 's just inviting you - '' ridley cut him off . 
 `` to the big game ? '' 
 the mortal 's blue eyes widened . 
 `` no . 
 to have a drink backstage . 
 how do you know about the game ? '' 
 `` a little birdie told me , blue eyes . '' 
 ridley unwrapped a lollipop . 
 using her powers to extract a little information from a mortal was certainly not the same as using them to get what she wanted from dark caster boys . 
 `` now , why do n't you tell me all about it . '' 
 the mortal stared into ridley 's gold eyes , transfixed . 
 `` they 're playing liar 's trade , tournament-style . 
 one winner takes all . '' 
 liar 's trade was a caster take on the mortal card game known as bullshit . 
 except casters did n't play for money . 
 `` what are they trading ? '' 
 rid asked . 
 `` tfps . '' 
 `` are you screwing with me ? '' 
 ridley must have heard him wrong . 
 `` talents , favors , and powers . 
 that 's the buy-in , '' he said . 
 no one played for tfps anymore . 
 wagering your powers and talents in a game was insane , even if most people only bet enough to lose their powers for a few weeks . 
 rid knew what it felt like to lose her powers , and she would never risk feeling that way again . 
 still , there was always a way around the rules-especially if you were a siren . 
 ridley sucked on the lollipop for a second , then pulled it out of her mouth with a loud pop . 
 `` get me in the game . '' 
 his expression clouded over in confusion , and he shook his head . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 she leaned closer , until she and the mortal were nose to nose . 
 `` anything is possible , blue eyes . 
 if your life depends on it . '' 
 if the stakes were high enough , it might take her mind off the one thing she could n't stop thinking about . 
 and how easily he had let her go . 
 ridley had never seen so much blood . 
 commercial refrigerators lined the walls of the club 's back room . 
 inside , plastic freezer bags filled with blood were stacked next to bar staples , like bottles of orange and cranberry juices . 
 rid glanced from the bags to the mortal . 
 `` you 're okay with that , blue eyes ? '' 
 most mortals were squeamish when it came to the dark side of the caster world . 
 he shrugged and opened a cellar door in the floor . 
 `` better than what i had waiting for me back home . 
 being a mortal is harder than you think . '' 
 `` i would n't know , '' ridley lied . 
 she remembered every second she 'd spent as a mortal-life at the mercy of circumstances that were always beyond her control , and the constant sense of hope that tricked her into believing that her life could be different . 
 that she could be different . 
 suffer would 've been a better name for their world . 
 what 's a little blood compared to that ? 
 `` you 've played liar 's trade , right ? '' 
 `` of course , '' ridley lied again . 
 she 'd seen other people play , which was almost the same thing , and she did n't actually intend to play , anyway . 
 just to win . 
 being a siren gave ridley the only edge she needed . 
 she followed the roadie down the damp stone steps and through the tunnel at the bottom . 
 ornate crystal sconces adorned the walls , throwing soft light on the reddish-brown water sloshing at their feet . 
 a rat scurried past one of ridley 's platform heels . 
 `` classy place . '' 
 `` it 's the incubus vip lounge , '' he said . 
 for a moment , rid tried to imagine link hanging out in a bloodstained tunnel decorated with chandeliers that looked like they belonged in ravenwood manor . 
 but she could n't . 
 even though he was a quarter incubus now , there was nothing dark about link . 
 what a stiff . 
 they reached the end of the tunnel and stood before the mirrored doors of an elevator . 
 `` you 're sure you want to do this ? '' 
 the roadie asked . 
 `` do n't worry about me , blue eyes . 
 i 've got this . '' 
 the elevator doors opened and ridley stepped inside . 
 a withered caster with dull yellow eyes manned the elevator . 
 `` going up ? '' 
 where else would she be going ? 
 `` does this thing go to the underground ? '' 
 ridley asked . 
 `` do n't know . 
 i 've been taking it up to the thirteenth floor and back here for a long time . '' 
 the doors closed , and the caster pushed one of the two buttons on the panel : 13 . 
 `` maybe you should broaden your horizons and find out . '' 
 ridley raised an eyebrow . 
 she unwrapped a piece of gum , then wadded up the wrapper and tucked it in the roadie 's jacket pocket . 
 `` ca n't , '' the caster said . 
 `` i 'm paying off a debt . '' 
 he sounded pathetic , and ridley was n't in the mood for his sob story . 
 so she ignored him until the elevator stopped and the doors opened . 
 ridley stepped into the hallway . 
 thousands of cigarette wrappers were glued to the walls , like someone locked in solitary confinement with nothing but a lifetime supply of cigarettes had gotten creative-or bored out of their mind . 
 rid could relate . 
 as she and the roadie turned the corner , the cigarette wrapper wallpaper disappeared and was replaced by a hotel hallway right off the las vegas strip-black lacquer , gilded mirrors , and a bad michelangelo-style ceiling mural . 
 except this hotel had only one door in the hallway . 
 number 13 . 
 the door opened before they knocked . 
 the doorman stood on the other side . 
 ridley could tell he was a sybil by the way he studied her face , as if he were reading a book . 
 it was exactly the same way rid 's older sister , reece , looked at her every time they saw each other . 
 sybils could read your face and see your past , your present , and sometimes even bits and pieces of your future . 
 they could also tell if you were lying , the caster power ridley hated most . 
 `` she 's with me . '' 
 the mortal nodded at ridley . 
 the sybil did n't take his eyes off ridley . 
 as she stepped across the threshold , he held his arm in front of her . 
 `` your powers stay at the door , siren . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 ridley tried to push past him , but the sybil did n't budge . 
 `` you heard me . 
 caster rules . 
 mortal-style . '' 
 he looked her in the eye , reading her face . 
 `` that means no powers . '' 
 no powers . 
 ridley glanced at the end of the hallway and swallowed hard . 
 she could n't see the cigarette wrappers papering the hallway , or the withered caster manning the elevator . 
 but she knew he was there . 
 luckily , rid knew something else , too . 
 something no one in the club or the building or room number 13 could possibly know-the kind of something that just might save her life . 
 she was ready for them . 
 before leaving the club , ridley had grilled the roadie about the details of the game . 
 a mortal 's will was no match for a siren 's power of persuasion , especially if the siren was ridley duchannes . 
 the roadie had spilled everything he knew . 
 the no powers rule , and the sybil at the door to enforce it , turned out to be the only valuable pieces of information . 
 but it was all the information ridley needed to figure out a way to sidestep the ridiculous rule . 
 it all hinged on a little trick she 'd picked up from abraham ravenwood while she was trapped his giant birdcage . 
 now ridley was about to find out if she had remembered the spell correctly . 
 she looked the sybil in the eye and smiled . 
 `` no problem . 
 i stripped downstairs . '' 
 even as she said the words , ridley shuddered inwardly at the thought . 
 the idea that casters would willingly perform a spell to temporarily strip themselves of their powers was crazy . 
 not only did it make her vulnerable in the worst possible way , but what if her powers did n't come back when she performed the counterspell ? 
 after living as a mortal when sarafine had stripped her of her powers , ridley could n't think of anything worse . 
 abraham ravenwood , your mojo better work , you dead pain in the ass , she thought . 
 the sybil studied her face . 
 instead of seeing a siren with the power of persuasion , he saw her in the tunnel on her way here , whispering the incantation that had rendered her temporarily powerless . 
 he nodded at the mortal . 
 `` take her back . '' 
 as ridley slipped past the sybil , he grabbed her arm . 
 `` this is n't a game , siren . 
 i hope you know what you 're doing . '' 
 ridley twisted a strand of pink hair around her finger . 
 `` i always know what i 'm doing , sweetheart . '' 
 if only it were true . 
 rid crossed her fingers as she stood in the ladies ' room , reciting the lines of the counterspell that would restore her powers . 
 come on ! 
 as she waited , every second felt like an hour . 
 then the familiar buzz that started in her fingers spread through her body like a charge of electricity . 
 power . 
 hello , sugar . 
 welcome home . 
 rid sauntered out of the ladies room and into the suite , which smelled like whiskey , sweat , and stale cigarettes . 
 it looked like liberace had decorated it . 
 ridley had n't seen so much white satin in one place since the winter formal in gatlin . 
 a devil 's hangmen song played in the next room , and judging from the cloud of smoke in the doorway , that 's where the liars were trading tfps . 
 ridley did n't wait for the roadie to lead the way . 
 first impressions were all about owning it , and no one knew how to own it better than ridley duchannes . 
 she strode into the smoke-filled room , her red patent platforms splashing across the white carpet like blood . 
 there were five black felt poker tables set up inside , and all eyes were on a caster standing in the center of the room . 
 the lead singer , sampson , stopped in midsentence when he saw ridley . 
 `` am i late ? '' 
 rid feigned shock , as if she actually cared what time the game started . 
 she sighed and cast the roadie a disapproving glance . 
 `` blue eyes over here is so slow . '' 
 sampson looked at the roadie , who stood next to ridley , fidgeting . 
 `` i did n't know anyone else was playing tonight . '' 
 but you sure are happy i came , are n't you ? 
 ridley stared into his eyes , transferring the thought into his mind . 
 for a moment he did n't respond , and she began to silently calculate the distance to the door . 
 sampson smiled . 
 `` but i 'm glad you made it . '' 
 `` we 've got an empty seat over here . '' 
 the bassist from the band nodded at the empty seat to her left . 
 her pink floyd t-shirt reminded ridley of link , which made her dislike the girl immediately . 
 thinking about link was the last thing she needed tonight . 
 ridley walked over and lowered herself into the empty chair . 
 `` i 'm floyd , '' the girl said . 
 ridley glanced at her shirt . 
 `` how ... clever . '' 
 she gave the girl a sticky-sweet smile . 
 `` ridley . '' 
 `` interesting name . '' 
 `` i 'm an interesting girl . '' 
 the caster standing in the center of the room rapped on the table in front of him . 
 `` time to get started , boys and girls . 
 the game 's liar 's trade . 
 one deck per table , and we 're playing mortal-style . 
 you 're playing for tfps-talents , favors , and powers . 
 everyone registered their bets when they came in . 
 once you sit down at the table , there are no changes . 
 whatever you registered is what you lose . '' 
 ridley had n't registered a wager . 
 she had n't even considered what to offer if she lost . 
 based on the looks of this crowd , most of these guys would probably like to have her as their personal genie-in-a-bottle for the day . 
 like that 's happening . 
 the caster was still addressing the players . 
 `` everyone stripped their powers before they came in , so tonight it 's balls to the walls . 
 the player at the table to get rid of all their cards is the winner and moves to the next round . 
 last man standing takes it all . '' 
 ridley wanted to ask exactly what she was going to walk away with at the end of the night , since there was no doubt in her mind that she was going to win , but the dealer was already tossing the caster cards around her table . 
 fine . 
 let 's do this . 
 the only differences between liar 's trade and the mortal card game were that they were using a caster deck and they were betting with tfps instead of money . 
 in a game this big , players logged their markers at the door . 
 luckily , ridley had avoided that sucker move . 
 the game was simple . 
 two players per table . 
 the dealer dealt all the cards in the deck , then drew a name . 
 he pulled floyd 's name , which meant the bassist had to go first and discard an ace . 
 the next player had to discard a two or a king-the card above or below the ace-and any cards that followed , if they were lucky enough to have any of them in their hand . 
 the object of the game was to be the first player to get rid of all your cards . 
 but there was a catch . 
 the cards were discarded facedown , so players could bluff and toss whatever they wanted-at least until someone called them on it . 
 rid handily won her first game without even flexing her powers . 
 she sauntered over to watch floyd play a caster wearing a dog chain around his neck . 
 bike chain boy threw in a card that he claimed was a nine . 
 floyd took a swig from the beer in front of her . 
 `` liar . '' 
 now bike chain boy had to show his card . 
 if he 'd discarded a nine , then floyd would have to pick up the entire pile . 
 but if bike chain boy had lied and thrown a different card , he 'd have to take the pile . 
 you did n't need to be a sybil to read the caster 's face . 
 he stood up and grabbed the bottom of his chair , flipping it over . 
 `` cool your jets . '' 
 floyd leaned back , clearly enjoying herself . 
 `` you must 've wagered a serious tfp . '' 
 `` shut your mouth , '' bike chain boy snapped . 
 `` everyone here did . '' 
 except ridley . 
 she played floyd next , who was her only real competition . 
 everyone else sucked , even without ridley 's influence . 
 rid waited until it was floyd 's turn before she made her move . 
 as floyd studied her cards , ridley gave her a nudge with her powers . 
 you want to bluff on this hand and dump as many cards as you can . 
 floyd hesitated for a moment , then dropped three cards onto the pile . 
 `` jack . 
 queen . 
 king . '' 
 rid stretched her arms over her head , as if she 'd just woken up from a long nap . 
 then she gave floyd a big smile . 
 `` liar . '' 
 floyd seemed dazed , and she blinked a few times before responding . 
 `` damn . 
 guess i wo n't be turning myself into roger waters again anytime soon . '' 
 floyd was obviously an illusionist , like ridley 's idiot brother , larkin . 
 her brother used his powers for ridiculous things like picking up girls . 
 the fact that floyd used hers to fool people into thinking she was the lead singer of pink floyd was even more pathetic . 
 ridley had never met an illusionist who actually created illusions worth seeing-unless lena 's mother , sarafine , was breathing down their neck . 
 after another round , ridley did n't have a single card left in her hand . 
 ridley kept tabs on how games were progressing around the room . 
 grown men were reduced to sobbing babies in her presence as they lost everything from the temporary use of their powers to the permanent loss of talents . 
 she kept a mental record of every loss : a necromancer who 'd be spending a lot more time with the living ; a shifter who would n't be able to change water into ice for at least six months ; a caster poet who was going to need help finding a rhyme in a dr. seuss book ; and a handful of entirely forgettable losers . 
 three players were left : ridley , sampson , and the band 's crappy drummer . 
 she had n't even bothered to learn his name . 
 as ridley approached the table designated for the final games , sampson pulled out ridley 's chair . 
 he was playing the winner of the game between ridley and the drummer , which meant he 'd be losing to her next . 
 up close , sampson was even taller than she 'd thought , close to seven feet , if rid had to guess . 
 he had the physically menacing posture of an incubus without the reflective black eyes , a feature that all incubuses shared . 
 his eyes were n't caster green or gold , either . 
 they were steel gray , ringed in smudged black liner that made him look even more dangerous , as if he had n't slept in days and did n't care . 
 he was obviously wearing colored contacts , which was too hipster for ridley 's taste . 
 link would 've made fun of this guy . 
 he held out a tattooed hand . 
 `` sampson . '' 
 this guy looked more like goliath . 
 `` ridley . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i heard . '' 
 `` tonight or previously ? '' 
 rid asked , only half-joking . 
 `` i 'm ace . '' 
 the drummer , and her opponent , stared at her from across the table like a lion eyeing raw meat . 
 she was going to enjoy kicking his ass . 
 `` of course you are . '' 
 ridley rolled her eyes . 
 `` now , if everyone has decided who they 're taking home tonight , we 've got a game to play , '' the dealer said , cutting the cards . 
 rid watched him shuffle , the king of blood and the ace of fire flipping through his fingers . 
 floyd and the pretty-boy punk with the blue faux-hawk stood behind ace . 
 for the first few rounds , no one spoke as the two players sized each other up . 
 ridley was biding her time , waiting for just the right moment to make her move . 
 she was also testing the waters , determining exactly how hard she needed to push ace . 
 when he hesitated too long after dropping two cards into the pile , ridley gave him a little nudge . 
 you can get away with one more . 
 go ahead and throw it . 
 he tossed the card within seconds . 
 it was on his next turn that he made a fatal mistake and blew her a kiss . 
 `` seven . 
 eight , '' ridley said , dropping her last two cards facedown on the discard pile . 
 ace gave her one of his perverted smiles . 
 `` you would n't be lying now , would you , baby ? '' 
 ridley 's eyes narrowed . 
 she tolerated it when link called her babe , because he was link and things were ... complicated between them . 
 but there was no way this scumbag was going to get away with calling her baby . 
 `` are you calling me a liar , or just asking ? 
 i mean , either you have the balls or you do n't . '' 
 the dealer stifled a laugh . 
 `` someone should teach you how to act like a lady , '' ace snapped . 
 ridley leaned over , the edge of a red bra peeking out of her top , and looked the second-rate drummer right in the eye . 
 `` i 'll get right on that . 
 as soon as someone teaches you how to act like a man . '' 
 ace stared at her like he wanted to set her on fire . 
 ridley gazed into his gold eyes . 
 you know i 'm lying . 
 go ahead . 
 call me a liar . 
 it only took a second for him to react . 
 `` liar . '' 
 she leaned back in her chair , savoring the moment . 
 `` you must 've bet something major to make it all the way to the big girl table . 
 what are you going to lose if i flip those cards and i 've got a seven and an eight ? '' 
 floyd was standing behind ace 's chair . 
 `` shit . '' 
 sampson glanced up at his bandmate . 
 `` what did he bet ? '' 
 the color drained from ace 's face , as if he had just figured out what floyd seemed to sense . 
 ridley was n't lying . 
 floyd shook her head . 
 `` his sticks . '' 
 ridley immediately understood . 
 the crappy drummer had bet his talent-at least , what little he had . 
 if he lost , he would n't be able to play anymore . 
 which would n't be a huge loss , from ridley 's point of view . 
 she flipped the cards over one at a time . 
 seven of stars and eight of blades . 
 ace sprang out of his chair , and sampson yanked her from hers before the drummer overturned the table . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 the dealer signaled one of the bouncers lurking along the edges of the room . 
 `` get him outta here . '' 
 even though sampson had rescued her , he looked almost as pissed off as floyd , who was pacing and cussing under her breath . 
 the punk boy with the blue faux-hawk gave her a hard stare and whispered something to sampson . 
 `` pull it together , ladies , '' the dealer shouted at everyone left in the room . 
 `` we 've got one more game to play . '' 
 ridley tried to look nervous , but fear was n't an emotion she experienced often . 
 the effort was exhausting , and she dropped down into a chair at the black felt table . 
 there was a lot of money on the line , enough to let her hole up in her favorite five-star resort in barbados for weeks . 
 close enough to visit a few relatives , and far enough away to get twenty-four-hour room service and cause some serious trouble . 
 she was trying to remember the name of the hotel with the cabanas-the ones that came with their own private chefs-when the dealer sat down with a fresh deck . 
 `` you know the rules . 
 the winner 's looking at fifty grand and a share of the take . '' 
 a share of the tfps-that 's what he meant . 
 sampson was all business now . 
 `` you ready , pink ? '' 
 she gave him a cold stare . 
 `` sure thing , goliath . '' 
 they did n't say anything else as the cards slid across the table . 
 rid had n't noticed how well sampson played until now . 
 he was definitely counting cards , which was a solid strategy if you did n't have a siren 's power of persuasion at your disposal . 
 ridley bluffed a few times , testing her powers on sampson the same way she had with the loser drummer . 
 sampson required a little more encouragement . 
 you do n't want to call me on that discard . 
 the stakes are too high to screw up . 
 the huge caster looked around as if he 'd actually heard her voice , then did exactly what she wanted . 
 the initial rush from sneaking in with her powers had faded , and ridley was getting bored . 
 time to wrap this up , she thought . 
 within a few hands , both ridley and sampson were down to one card . 
 sampson studied her with his steel gray eyes , waiting to take his turn . 
 `` hold the game , '' a deep voice called from behind her . 
 the dealer put his hand over the discard pile . 
 `` hold your cards . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 when ridley turned around , the guy from suffer-the gorgeous stranger she 'd caught staring at her from the edge of the stage-stood in the doorway . 
 `` you came in late , '' he said to her . 
 `` i do n't think we have a record of your marker . '' 
 her marker . 
 ridley had n't even considered what to wager , since winning the game was a guarantee . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 the caster strode toward her . 
 when he reached her seat , he leaned down until ridley could feel his breath on her neck , and whispered in her ear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she must have heard him wrong . 
 he ca n't be serious . 
 this time , his mouth was so close to her ear that she felt his lips against her skin . 
 there was no mistaking what he said . 
 ridley shuddered , and goose bumps crawled up her arms . 
 `` like i 'd ever agree to that , '' she tossed off , trying to keep her cool . 
 `` the way i see it , you do n't really have a choice . '' 
 he walked over to the wall in front of her and leaned against it . 
 `` everyone has to register their marker before they play , or the house gets to choose . '' 
 he did n't take his eyes off her . 
 `` house rules . '' 
 `` tell her , lennox , '' floyd said . 
 ridley tossed her hair nonchalantly . 
 `` well , i did n't know anything about that . 
 so i 'm sure you can make an exception . '' 
 lennox-whoever he was-gave her a long look . 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 you 'll have to play this one out . '' 
 there was something strange about the way he said it , but ridley could n't put her finger on it . 
 `` fine . '' 
 this situation was anything but fine . 
 even though ridley knew she could manipulate the outcome of the game , this guy , lennox , made her antsy . 
 he did n't seem like the kind of guy who would risk anything on a card game , especially not one he did n't already know he would win . 
 just like me , she thought . 
 so i guess he 's met his match . 
 `` we 're back on play , '' the dealer said , lifting his hands off the discard pile . 
 rid waited until sampson 's attention was focused on her before she made her move . 
 bluff . 
 she 'll never figure it out . 
 he hesitated , the way he had the last time she used her powers on him . 
 then he dropped his card . 
 `` king . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 ridley let the word roll off her tongue slowly . 
 lennox moved closer to the tables , crossing his arms over his broad chest . 
 sampson bit his lip . 
 poor baby . 
 ridley barely noticed when he flipped his card over-until someone gasped . 
 the caster card rested on the top of the discard pile . 
 king of fates . 
 ridley could n't hide her shock . 
 `` no . 
 that ca n't be right . '' 
 `` why ? 
 because you used your siren song on him ? '' 
 lennox asked . 
 it felt like the floor had dropped out from underneath her . 
 how the hell did he know ? 
 more importantly , why the hell did n't it work ? 
 `` do n't worry , little siren . 
 you have n't lost your touch , '' lennox said , as if he could read her mind . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 she choked out the words , still in shock . 
 `` i 've known all night . '' 
 he did n't answer the question . 
 ridley stared across the table at sampson . 
 `` he put some kind of cast on you , did n't he ? 
 so my powers would n't work on you . '' 
 `` he did n't need to , '' sampson said . 
 he smiled , for the first time all night . 
 `` your powers do n't work on me . '' 
 ridley 's head was spinning . 
 she wished she had her friend john breed 's scorpion belt buckle so that she could dematerialize and travel like an incubus . 
 `` what kind of caster are you ? '' 
 sampson watched her with those steel gray eyes . 
 `` i 'm not a caster . '' 
 he could n't be a full-blooded incubus . 
 there was no way to hide the black eyes of an incubus behind a pair of gray contacts . 
 `` then what are you ? 
 some kind of hybrid incubus ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the corner of his mouth turned up into a smile . 
 `` i 'm something else . '' 
 lennox stood behind sampson . 
 `` he 's a darkborn . '' 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 ridley had no idea what he was talking about . 
 `` when the order of things was broken , it changed things , '' lennox said . 
 `` you should pay a little more attention to the world around you . '' 
 `` i 've been busy , '' she said calmly . 
 but inside she was starting to panic . 
 ridley rose , her knees wobbling , and looked up at lennox . 
 `` you guys cheated , so the game does n't count . 
 i 'll see you around . '' 
 she started to turn away , and the bouncers moved toward her . 
 lennox walked between the bouncers and stood in front of ridley . 
 he tucked a stray strand of pink hair behind her ear . 
 `` no . 
 you cheated , little siren . 
 now you 're going to pay the debt you owe me . '' 
 `` you were n't even in the game . '' 
 lennox smiled . 
 `` sampson was playing for me . 
 his debts are mine , and so is his take . '' 
 ridley remembered what he had whispered in her ear-what he wanted from her-and she felt sick . 
 she could n't do it . 
 never . 
 he ran his finger gently down her cheek and across her lips . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . '' 
 when he reached the door , he stopped and turned back to look at her . 
 `` i almost forgot . 
 i 'm opening a new club in new york , and these guys are my house band . '' 
 he glanced at the members of the devil 's hangmen . 
 ridley gave him a blank stare . 
 `` that concerns me because ? '' 
 `` you owe me a drummer . 
 and you 'd better find one before my club opens , '' lennox said . 
 `` in liar 's trade , the winner calls in his markers whenever he chooses . 
 i 'm calling that one in now . 
 you might want to study up on the rules before you play at the big girl table . '' 
 ridley tried to keep her expression unreadable . 
 lennox winked . 
 `` next time . '' 
 he disappeared down the hallway , and ridley stared after him . 
 his marker . 
 a drummer . 
 new york city . 
 she frowned . 
 even for her , this was cold . 
 still . 
 ridley twirled a strand of pink hair . 
 `` i think i know just the guy . '' 
