 1 impossible to scare walking to school over the snow-muffled cobbles , karou had no sinister premonitions about the day . 
 it seemed like just another monday , innocent but for its essential mondayness , not to mention its januaryness . 
 it was cold , and it was dark-in the dead of winter the sun did n't rise until eight-but it was also lovely . 
 the falling snow and the early hour conspired to paint prague ghostly , like a tintype photograph , all silver and haze . 
 on the riverfront thoroughfare , trams and buses roared past , grounding the day in the twenty-first century , but on the quieter lanes , the wintry peace might have hailed from another time . 
 snow and stone and ghostlight , karou 's own footsteps and the feather of steam from her coffee mug , and she was alone and adrift in mundane thoughts : school , errands . 
 the occasional cheek-chew of bitterness when a pang of heartache intruded , as pangs of heartache will , but she pushed them aside , resolute , ready to be done with all that . 
 she held her coffee mug in one hand and clutched her coat closed with the other . 
 an artist 's portfolio was slung over her shoulder , and her hair-loose , long , and peacock blue-was gathering a lace of snowflakes . 
 just another day . 
 and then . 
 a snarl , rushing footfall , and she was seized from behind , pulled hard against a man 's broad chest as hands yanked her scarf askew and she felt teeth-teeth-against her neck . 
 nibbling . 
 her attacker was nibbling her . 
 annoyed , she tried to shake him off without spilling her coffee , but some sloshed out of her cup anyway , into the dirty snow . 
 `` jesus , kaz , get off , '' she snapped , spinning to face her ex-boyfriend . 
 the lamplight was soft on his beautiful face . 
 stupid beauty , she thought , shoving him away . 
 stupid face . 
 `` how did you know it was me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's always you . 
 and it never works . '' 
 kazimir made his living jumping out from behind things , and it frustrated him that he could never get even the slightest rise out of karou . 
 `` you 're impossible to scare , '' he complained , giving her the pout he thought was irresistible . 
 until recently , she would n't have resisted it . 
 she would have risen on tiptoe and licked his pout-puckered lower lip , licked it languorously and then taken it between her teeth and teased it before losing herself in a kiss that made her melt against him like sun-warmed honey . 
 those days were so over . 
 `` maybe you 're just not scary , '' she said , and walked on . 
 kaz caught up and strolled at her side , hands in pockets . 
 `` i am scary , though . 
 the snarl ? 
 the bite ? 
 anyone normal would have a heart attack . 
 just not you , ice water for blood . '' 
 when she ignored him , he added , `` josef and i are starting a new tour . 
 old town vampire tour . 
 the tourists will eat it up . '' 
 they would , thought karou . 
 they paid good money for kaz 's `` ghost tours , '' which consisted of being herded through the tangled lanes of prague in the dark , pausing at sites of supposed murders so `` ghosts '' could leap out of doorways and make them shriek . 
 she 'd played a ghost herself on several occasions , had held aloft a bloody head and moaned while the tourists ' screams gave way to laughter . 
 it had been fun . 
 kaz had been fun . 
 not anymore . 
 `` good luck with that , '' she said , staring ahead , her voice colorless . 
 `` we could use you , '' kaz said . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you could play a sexy vampire vixen - '' `` no . '' 
 `` lure in the men - '' `` no . '' 
 `` you could wear your cape ... '' karou stiffened . 
 softly , kaz coaxed , `` you still have it , do n't you , baby ? 
 most beautiful thing i 've ever seen , you with that black silk against your white skin - '' `` shut up , '' she hissed , coming to a halt in the middle of maltese square . 
 god , she thought . 
 how stupid had she been to fall for this petty , pretty street actor , dress up for him and give him memories like that ? 
 exquisitely stupid . 
 lonely stupid . 
 kaz lifted his hand to brush a snowflake from her eyelashes . 
 she said , `` touch me and you 'll get this coffee in your face . '' 
 he lowered his hand . 
 `` roo , roo , my fierce karou . 
 when will you stop fighting me ? 
 i said i was sorry . '' 
 `` be sorry , then . 
 just be sorry somewhere else . '' 
 they spoke in czech , and her acquired accent matched his native one perfectly . 
 he sighed , irritated that karou was still resisting his apologies . 
 this was n't in his script . 
 `` come on , '' he coaxed . 
 his voice was rough and soft at the same time , like a blues singer 's mix of gravel and silk . 
 `` we 're meant to be together , you and me . '' 
 meant . 
 karou sincerely hoped that if she were `` meant '' for anyone , it was n't kaz . 
 she looked at him , beautiful kazimir whose smile used to work on her like a summons , compelling her to his side . 
 and that had seemed a glorious place to be , as if colors were brighter there , sensations more profound . 
 it had also , she 'd discovered , been a popular place , other girls occupying it when she did not . 
 `` get svetla to be your vampire vixen , '' she said . 
 `` she 's got the vixen part down . '' 
 he looked pained . 
 `` i do n't want svetla . 
 i want you . '' 
 `` alas . 
 i am not an option . '' 
 `` do n't say that , '' he said , reaching for her hand . 
 she pulled back , a pang of heartache surging in spite of all her efforts at aloofness . 
 not worth it , she told herself . 
 not even close . 
 `` this is the definition of stalking , you realize . '' 
 `` puh . 
 i 'm not stalking you . 
 i happen to be going this way . '' 
 `` right , '' said karou . 
 they were just a few doors from her school now . 
 the art lyceum of bohemia was a private high school housed in a pink baroque palace where famously , during the nazi occupation , two young czech nationalists had slit the throat of a gestapo commander and scrawled liberty with his blood . 
 a brief , brave rebellion before they were captured and impaled upon the finials of the courtyard gate . 
 now students were milling around that very gate , smoking , waiting for friends . 
 but kaz was n't a student-at twenty , he was several years older than karou-and she had never known him to be out of bed before noon . 
 `` why are you even awake ? '' 
 `` i have a new job , '' he said . 
 `` it starts early . '' 
 `` what , you 're doing morning vampire tours ? '' 
 `` not that . 
 something else . 
 an ... unveiling of sorts . '' 
 he was grinning now . 
 gloating . 
 he wanted her to ask what his new job was . 
 she would n't ask . 
 with perfect disinterest she said , `` well , have fun with that , '' and walked away . 
 kaz called after her , `` do n't you want to know what it is ? '' 
 the grin was still there . 
 she could hear it in his voice . 
 `` do n't care , '' she called back , and went through the gate . 
 she really should have asked . 
 2 an unveiling of sorts monday , wednesday , and friday , karou 's first class was life drawing . 
 when she walked into the studio , her friend zuzana was already there and had staked out easels for them in front of the model 's platform . 
 karou shrugged off her portfolio and coat , unwound her scarf , and announced , `` i 'm being stalked . '' 
 zuzana arched an eyebrow . 
 she was a master of the eyebrow arch , and karou envied her for it . 
 her own eyebrows did not function independently of each other , which handicapped her expressions of suspicion and disdain . 
 zuzana could do both perfectly , but this was milder eyebrow action , mere cool curiosity . 
 `` do n't tell me jackass tried to scare you again . '' 
 `` he 's going through a vampire phase . 
 he bit my neck . '' 
 `` actors , '' muttered zuzana . 
 `` i 'm telling you , you need to tase the loser . 
 teach him to go jumping out at people . '' 
 `` i do n't have a taser . '' 
 karou did n't add that she did n't need a taser ; she was more than capable of defending herself without electricity . 
 she 'd had an unusual education . 
 `` well , get one . 
 seriously . 
 bad behavior should be punished . 
 plus , it would be fun . 
 do n't you think ? 
 i 've always wanted to tase someone . 
 zap ! '' 
 zuzana mimicked convulsions . 
 karou shook her head . 
 `` no , tiny violent one , i do n't think it would be fun . 
 you 're terrible . '' 
 `` i am not terrible . 
 kaz is terrible . 
 tell me i do n't have to remind you . '' 
 she gave karou a sharp look . 
 `` tell me you 're not even considering forgiving him . '' 
 `` no , '' declared karou . 
 `` but try getting him to believe that . '' 
 kaz just could n't fathom any girl willfully depriving herself of his charms . 
 and what had she done but strengthen his vanity those months they 'd been together , gazing at him starry-eyed , giving him ... everything ? 
 his wooing her now , she thought , was a point of pride , to prove to himself that he could have who he wanted . 
 that it was up to him . 
 maybe zuzana was right . 
 maybe she should tase him . 
 `` sketchbook , '' commanded zuzana , holding out her hand like a surgeon for a scalpel . 
 karou 's best friend was bossy in obverse proportion to her size . 
 she only passed five feet in her platform boots , whereas karou was five foot six but seemed taller in the same way that ballerinas do , with their long necks and willowy limbs . 
 she was n't a ballerina , but she had the look , in figure if not in fashion . 
 not many ballerinas have bright blue hair or a constellation of tattoos on their limbs , and karou had both . 
 the only tattoos visible as she dug out her sketchbook and handed it over were the ones on her wrists like bracelets-a single word on each : true and story . 
 as zuzana took the book , a couple of other students , pavel and dina , crowded in to look over her shoulder . 
 karou 's sketchbooks had a cult following around school and were handed around and marveled at on a daily basis . 
 this one-number ninety-two in a lifelong series-was bound with rubber bands , and as soon as zuzana took them off it burst open , each page so coated in gesso and paint that the binding could scarcely contain them . 
 as it fanned open , karou 's trademark characters wavered on the pages , gorgeously rendered and deeply strange . 
 there was issa , serpent from the waist down and woman from the waist up , with the bare , globe br ** sts of kama sutra carvings , the hood and fangs of a cobra , and the face of an angel . 
 giraffe-necked twiga , hunched over with his jeweler 's glass stuck in one squinting eye . 
 yasri , parrot-beaked and human-eyed , a frill of orange curls escaping her kerchief . 
 she was carrying a platter of fruit and a pitcher of wine . 
 and brimstone , of course-he was the star of the sketchbooks . 
 here he was shown with kishmish perched on the curl of one of his great ram 's horns . 
 in the fantastical stories karou told in her sketchbooks , brimstone dealt in wishes . 
 sometimes she called him the wishmonger ; other times , simply `` the grump . '' 
 she 'd been drawing these creatures since she was a little girl , and her friends tended to talk about them as if they were real . 
 `` what was brimstone up to this weekend ? '' 
 asked zuzana . 
 `` the usual , '' said karou . 
 `` buying teeth from murderers . 
 he got some nile crocodile teeth yesterday from this awful somali poacher , but the idiot tried to steal from him and got half strangled by his snake collar . 
 he 's lucky to be alive . '' 
 zuzana found the story illustrated on the book 's last drawn pages : the somali , his eyes rolling back in his head as the whip-thin snake around his neck cinched itself as tight as a garrote . 
 humans , karou had explained before , had to submit to wearing one of issa 's serpents around their necks before they could enter brimstone 's shop . 
 that way if they tried anything fishy they were easy to subdue-by strangulation , which was n't always fatal , or , if necessary , by a bite to the throat , which was . 
 `` how do you make this stuff up , maniac ? '' 
 zuzana asked , all jealous wonderment . 
 `` who says i do ? 
 i keep telling you , it 's all real . '' 
 `` uh-huh . 
 and your hair grows out of your head that color , too . '' 
 `` what ? 
 it totally does , '' said karou , passing a long blue strand through her fingers . 
 `` right . '' 
 karou shrugged and gathered her hair back in a messy coil , stabbing a paintbrush through it to secure it at the nape of her neck . 
 in fact , her hair did grow out of her head that color , pure as ultramarine straight from the paint tube , but that was a truth she told with a certain wry smile , as if she were being absurd . 
 over the years she 'd found that that was all it took , that lazy smile , and she could tell the truth without risk of being believed . 
 it was easier than keeping track of lies , and so it became part of who she was : karou with her wry smile and crazy imagination . 
 in fact , it was not her imagination that was crazy . 
 it was her life-blue hair and brimstone and all . 
 zuzana handed the book to pavel and started flipping pages in her own oversize drawing pad , searching for a fresh page . 
 `` i wonder who 's posing today . '' 
 `` probably wiktor , '' said karou . 
 `` we have n't had him in a while . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm hoping he 's dead . '' 
 `` zuzana ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 he 's eight million years old . 
 we might as well draw the anatomical skeleton as that creepy bonesack . '' 
 there were some dozen models , male and female , all shapes and ages , who rotated through the class . 
 they ranged from enormous madame svobodnik , whose flesh was more landscape than figure , to pixie eliska with her wasp waist , the favorite of the male students . 
 ancient wiktor was zuzana 's least favorite . 
 she claimed to have nightmares whenever she had to draw him . 
 `` he looks like an unwrapped mummy . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` i ask you , is staring at a nak * d old man any way to start the day ? '' 
 `` better than getting attacked by a vampire , '' said karou . 
 in fact , she did n't mind drawing wiktor . 
 for one thing , he was so nearsighted he never made eye contact with the students , which was a bonus . 
 no matter that she had been drawing nudes for years ; she still found it unsettling , sketching one of the younger male models , to look up from a study of his penis-a necessary study ; you could n't exactly leave the area blank-and find him staring back at her . 
 karou had felt her cheeks flame on plenty of occasions and ducked behind her easel . 
 those occasions , as it turned out , were about to fade into insignificance next to the mortification of today . 
 she was sharpening a pencil with a razor blade when zuzana blurted in a weird , choked voice , `` oh my god , karou ! '' 
 and before she even looked up , she knew . 
 an unveiling , he had said . 
 oh , how clever . 
 she lifted her gaze from her pencil and took in the sight of kaz standing beside profesorka fiala . 
 he was barefoot and wearing a robe , and his shoulder-length golden hair , which had minutes before been wind-teased and sparkling with snowflakes , was pulled back in a ponytail . 
 his face was a perfect blend of slavic angles and soft sensuality : cheekbones that might have been turned on a diamond cutter 's lathe , lips you wanted to touch with your fingertips to see if they felt like velvet . 
 which , karou knew , they did . 
 stupid lips . 
 murmurs went around the room . 
 a new model , oh my god , gorgeous ... one murmur cut through the others : `` is n't that karou 's boyfriend ? '' 
 ex , she wanted to snap . 
 so very , very ex . 
 `` i think it is . 
 look at him ... '' karou was looking at him , her face frozen in what she hoped was a mask of impervious calm . 
 do n't blush , she commanded herself . 
 do not blush . 
 kaz looked right back at her , a smile dimpling one cheek , eyes lazy and amused . 
 and when he was sure he held her gaze , he had the nerve to wink . 
 a flurry of giggles erupted around karou . 
 `` oh , the evil bastard ... '' zuzana breathed . 
 kaz stepped up onto the model 's platform . 
 he looked straight at karou as he untied his sash ; he looked at her as he shrugged off the robe . 
 and then karou 's ex-boyfriend was standing before her entire class , beautiful as heartbreak , nak * d as the david . 
 and on his chest , right over his heart , was a new tattoo . 
 it was an elaborate cursive k . 
 more giggles burst forth . 
 students did n't know who to look at , karou or kazimir , and glanced from one to the other , waiting for a drama to unfold . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 commanded profesorka fiala , appalled , clapping her hands together until the laughter was stifled . 
 karou 's blush came on then . 
 she could n't stop it . 
 first her chest and neck went hot , then her face . 
 kaz 's eyes were on her the whole time , and his dimple deepened with satisfaction when he saw her flustered . 
 `` one-minute poses , please , kazimir , '' said fiala . 
 kaz stepped into his first pose . 
 it was dynamic , as the one-minute poses were meant to be-twisted torso , taut muscles , limbs stretched in simulation of action . 
 these warm-up sketches were all about movement and loose line , and kaz was taking the opportunity to flaunt himself . 
 karou thought she did n't hear a lot of pencils scratching . 
 were the other girls in the class just staring stupidly , as she was ? 
 she dipped her head , took up her sharp pencil-thinking of other uses she would happily put it to-and started to sketch . 
 quick , fluid lines , and all the sketches on one page ; she overlapped them so they looked like an illustration of dance . 
 kaz was graceful . 
 he spent enough time looking in the mirror that he knew how to use his body for effect . 
 it was his instrument , he 'd have said . 
 along with the voice , the body was an actor 's tool . 
 well , kaz was a lousy actor-which was why he got by on ghost tours and the occasional low-budget production of faust-but he made a fine artist 's model , as karou knew , having drawn him many times before . 
 his body had reminded karou , from the first time she saw it ... unveiled ... of a michelangelo . 
 unlike some renaissance artists , who 'd favored slim , effete models , michelangelo had gone for power , drawing broad-shouldered quarry workers and somehow managing to render them both carnal and elegant at the same time . 
 that was kaz : carnal and elegant . 
 and deceitful . 
 and narcissistic . 
 and , honestly , kind of dumb . 
 `` karou ! '' 
 the british girl helen was whispering harshly , trying to get her attention . 
 `` is that him ? '' 
 karou did n't acknowledge her . 
 she drew , pretending everything was normal . 
 just another day in class . 
 and if the model had an insolent dimple and would n't take his eyes off her ? 
 she ignored it as best she could . 
 when the timer rang , kaz calmly gathered up his robe and put it on . 
 karou hoped it would n't occur to him that he was free to walk around the studio . 
 stay where you are , she willed him . 
 but he did n't . 
 he sauntered toward her . 
 `` hi , jackass , '' said zuzana . 
 `` modest much ? '' 
 ignoring her , he asked karou , `` like my new tattoo ? '' 
 students were standing up to stretch , but rather than dispersing for smoke or bathroom breaks , they hovered casually within earshot . 
 `` sure , '' karou said , keeping her voice light . 
 `` k for kazimir , right ? '' 
 `` funny girl . 
 you know what it 's for . '' 
 `` well , '' she mused in thinker pose , `` i know there 's only one person you really love , and his name does start with a k . 
 but i can think of a better place for it than your heart . '' 
 she took up her pencil and , on her last drawing of kaz , inscribed a k right over his classically sculpted buttock . 
 zuzana laughed , and kaz 's jaw tightened . 
 like most vain people , he hated to be mocked . 
 `` i 'm not the only one with a tattoo , am i , karou ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked to zuzana . 
 `` has she shown it to you ? '' 
 zuzana gave karou the suspicious rendition of the eyebrow arch . 
 `` i do n't know which you mean , '' karou lied calmly . 
 `` i have lots of tattoos . '' 
 to demonstrate , she did n't flash true or story , or the serpent coiled around her ankle , or any of her other concealed works of art . 
 rather , she held up her hands in front of her face , palms out . 
 in the center of each was an eye inked in deepest indigo , in effect turning her hands into hamsas , those ancient symbols of warding against the evil eye . 
 palm tattoos are notorious for fading , but karou 's never did . 
 she 'd had these eyes as long as she could remember ; for all she knew of their origin , she could have been born with them . 
 `` not those , '' said kaz . 
 `` i mean the one that says kazimir , right over your heart . '' 
 `` i do n't have a tattoo like that . '' 
 she made herself sound puzzled and unfastened the top few buttons of her sweater . 
 beneath was a camisole , and she lowered it by a few revealing inches to demonstrate that indeed there was no tattoo above her breast . 
 the skin there was white as milk . 
 kaz blinked . 
 `` what ? 
 how did you - ? '' 
 `` come with me . '' 
 zuzana grabbed karou 's hand and pulled her away . 
 as they wove among the easels , all eyes were on karou , lit with curiosity . 
 `` karou , did you break up ? '' 
 helen whispered in english , but zuzana put up her hand in an imperious gesture that silenced her , and she dragged karou out of the studio and into the girls ' bathroom . 
 there , eyebrow still arched , she asked , `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 you practically flashed the boy . '' 
 `` please . 
 i did not flash him . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 what 's this about a tattoo over your heart ? '' 
 `` i just showed you . 
 there 's nothing there . '' 
 she saw no reason to add that there had been something ; she preferred to pretend she had never been so stupid . 
 plus , explaining how she 'd gotten rid of it was not exactly an option . 
 `` well , good . 
 the last thing you need is that idiot 's name on your body . 
 can you believe him ? 
 does he think if he just dangles his boy bits at you like a cat toy you 'll go scampering after him ? '' 
 `` of course he thinks that , '' said karou . 
 `` this is his idea of a romantic gesture . '' 
 `` all you have to do is tell fiala he 's a stalker , and she 'll throw his ass out . '' 
 karou had thought of that , but she shook her head . 
 surely she could come up with a better way to get kaz out of her class and out of her life . 
 she had means at her disposal that most people did n't . 
 she 'd think of something . 
 `` the boy is not terrible to draw , though . '' 
 zuzana went to the mirror and flipped wisps of dark hair across her forehead . 
 `` got to give him that . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 too bad he 's such a gargantuan a ** hole . '' 
 `` a giant , stupid orifice , '' zuzana agreed . 
 `` a walking , talking cranny . '' 
 `` cranny . '' 
 zuzana laughed . 
 `` i like . '' 
 an idea came to karou , and a faintly villainous smirk crossed her face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked zuzana , seeing it . 
 `` nothing . 
 we 'd better get back in there . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? 
 you do n't have to . '' 
 karou nodded . 
 `` nothing to it . '' 
 kaz had gotten all the satisfaction he was going to get from this cute little ploy of his . 
 it was her turn now . 
 walking back into the studio , she reached up and touched the necklace she was wearing , a multistrand loop of african trade beads in every color . 
 at least they looked like african trade beads . 
 they were more than that . 
 not much more , but enough for what karou had planned . 
 3 cranny profesorka fiala asked kaz for a reclining pose for the rest of the period , and he draped himself back across the daybed in a way that , if not quite lewd , was certainly suggestive , knees just a bit too skewed , smile bordering on bedroom . 
 there were no titters this time , but karou imagined a surge of heat in the atmosphere , as if the girls in the class-and at least one of the boys-needed to fan themselves . 
 she herself was not affected . 
 this time when kaz peered at her from under lazy eyelids , she met his gaze straight on . 
 she started sketching and did her best , thinking it fitting that , since their relationship had begun with a drawing , it should end with one , too . 
 he 'd been sitting two tables away at mustache bar the first time she saw him . 
 he wore a villain 's twirled mustache , which seemed like foreshadowing now , but it was mustache bar after all . 
 everyone was wearing mustaches-karou was sporting a fu manchu she 'd gotten from the vending machine . 
 she 'd pasted both mustaches into her sketchbook later that night-sketchbook number ninety-and the resulting lump made it easy to locate the exact page where her story with kaz began . 
 he 'd been drinking beer with friends , and karou , unable to take her eyes off him , had drawn him . 
 she was always drawing , not just brimstone and the other creatures from her secret life , but scenes and people from the common world . 
 falconers and street musicians , orthodox priests with beards to their bellies , the occasional beautiful boy . 
 usually she got away with it , her subjects none the wiser , but this time the beautiful boy caught her looking , and the next thing she knew he was smiling under his fake mustache and coming over . 
 how flattered he 'd been by her sketch ! 
 he 'd shown it to his friends , taken her hand to urge her to join them , and kept hold of it , fingers laced with hers , even after she 'd settled at his table . 
 that was the beginning : her worshipping his beauty , him reveling in it . 
 and that was more or less how it had continued . 
 of course , he 'd told her she was beautiful , too , all the time . 
 if she had n't been , surely he 'd never have come over to talk to her in the first place . 
 kaz was n't exactly one to look for inner beauty . 
 karou was , simply , lovely . 
 creamy and leggy , with long azure hair and the eyes of a silent-movie star , she moved like a poem and smiled like a sphinx . 
 beyond merely pretty , her face was vibrantly alive , her gaze always sparking and luminous , and she had a birdlike way of cocking her head , her lips pressed together while her dark eyes danced , that hinted at secrets and mysteries . 
 karou was mysterious . 
 she had no apparent family , she never talked about herself , and she was expert at evading questions-for all that her friends knew of her background , she might have sprung whole from the head of zeus . 
 and she was endlessly surprising . 
 her pockets were always spilling out curious things : ancient bronze coins , teeth , tiny jade tigers no bigger than her thumbnail . 
 she might reveal , while haggling for sunglasses with an african street vendor , that she spoke fluent yoruba . 
 once , kaz had undressed her to discover a knife hidden in her boot . 
 there was the matter of her being impossible to scare and , of course , there were the scars on her abdomen : three shiny divots that could only have been made by bullets . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 kaz had sometimes asked , enchanted , to which karou would wistfully reply , `` i really do n't know . '' 
 because she really did n't . 
 she drew quickly now , and did n't shy away from meeting kaz 's eyes as she glanced up and down between model and drawing . 
 she wanted to see his face . 
 she wanted to see the moment his expression changed . 
 only when she had captured his pose did she lift her left hand-continuing to draw with her right-to the beads of her necklace . 
 she took one between her thumb and forefinger and held it there . 
 and then she made a wish . 
 it was a very small wish . 
 these beads were just scuppies , after all . 
 like money , wishes came in denominations , and scuppies were mere pennies . 
 weaker even than pennies , because unlike coins , wishes could n't be compounded . 
 pennies you could add up to make dollars , but scuppies were only ever just scuppies , and whole strands of them , like this necklace , would never add up to a more potent wish , just plenty of very small , nearly useless wishes . 
 wishes , for example , for things like itches . 
 karou wished kaz an itch , and the bead vanished between her fingers . 
 spent and gone . 
 she 'd never wished an itch before , so , to make sure it would work , she started with a spot he would n't be shy to scratch : his elbow . 
 sure enough , he nudged it casually against a cushion , scarcely shifting his pose . 
 karou smiled to herself and kept drawing . 
 a few seconds later , she took another bead between her fingers and wished another itch , this time to kaz 's nose . 
 another bead disappeared , the necklace shortened imperceptibly , and his face twitched . 
 for a few seconds he resisted moving , but then gave in and rubbed his nose quickly with the back of his hand before resuming his position . 
 his bedroom expression was gone , karou could n't help noticing . 
 she had to bite her lip to keep her smile from broadening . 
 oh , kazimir , she thought , you should n't have come here today . 
 you really should have slept in . 
 the next itch she wished to the hidden place of her evil plan , and she met kaz 's eyes at the moment it hit . 
 his brow creased with sudden strain . 
 she cocked her head slightly , as if to inquire , something wrong , dear ? 
 here was an itch that could not be scratched in public . 
 kaz went pale . 
 his h * ps shifted ; he could n't quite manage to hold still . 
 karou gave him a short respite and kept drawing . 
 as soon as he started to relax and ... unclench ... she struck again and had to stifle a laugh when his face went rigid . 
 another bead vanished between her fingers . 
 then another . 
 this , she thought , is n't just for today . 
 it 's for everything . 
 for the heartache that still felt like a punch in the gut each time it struck , fresh as new , at unpredictable moments ; for the smiling lies and the mental images she could n't shake ; for the shame of having been so naive . 
 for the way loneliness is worse when you return to it after a reprieve-like the soul 's version of putting on a wet bathing suit , clammy and miserable . 
 and this , karou thought , no longer smiling , is for the irretrievable . 
 for her virginity . 
 that first time , the black cape and nothing under it , she 'd felt so grown up-like the czech girls kaz and josef hung out with , cool slavic beauties with names like svetla and frantiska , who looked like nothing could ever shock them or make them laugh . 
 had she really wanted to be like them ? 
 she 'd pretended to be , played the part of a girl-a woman-who did n't care . 
 she 'd treated her virginity like a trapping of childhood , and then it was gone . 
 she had n't expected to be sorry , and at first she was n't . 
 the act itself was neither disappointing nor magical ; it was what it was : a new closeness . 
 a shared secret . 
 or so she 'd thought . 
 `` you look different , karou , '' kaz 's friend josef had said the next time she saw him . 
 `` are you ... glowing ? '' 
 kaz had punched him on the shoulder to silence him , looking at once sheepish and smug , and karou knew he 'd told . 
 the girls , even . 
 their ruby lips had curled knowingly . 
 svetla-the one she later caught him with-even made a straight-faced comment about capes coming back in fashion , and kaz had colored slightly and looked away , the only indication that he knew he 'd done wrong . 
 karou had never even told zuzana about it , at first because it belonged to her and kaz alone , and later because she was ashamed . 
 she had n't told anyone , but brimstone , in the inscrutable way he had of knowing things , had guessed , and had taken the opportunity to give her a rare lecture . 
 that had been interesting . 
 the wishmonger 's voice was so deep it seemed almost the shadow of sound : a dark sonance that lurked in the lowest register of hearing . 
 `` i do n't know many rules to live by , '' he 'd said . 
 `` but here 's one . 
 it 's simple . 
 do n't put anything unnecessary into yourself . 
 no poisons or chemicals , no fumes or smoke or alcohol , no sharp objects , no inessential needles-drug or tattoo-and ... no inessential penises , either . '' 
 `` inessential penises ? '' 
 karou had repeated , delighted with the phrase in spite of her grief . 
 `` is there any such thing as an essential one ? '' 
 `` when an essential one comes along , you 'll know , '' he 'd replied . 
 `` stop squandering yourself , child . 
 wait for love . '' 
 `` love . '' 
 her delight evaporated . 
 she 'd thought that was love . 
 `` it will come , and you will know it , '' brimstone had promised , and she so wanted to believe him . 
 he 'd been alive for hundreds of years , had n't he ? 
 karou had never before thought about brimstone and love-to look at him , he did n't seem such a candidate for it-but she hoped that in his centuries of life he 'd accrued some wisdom , and that he was right about her . 
 because , of all things in the world , that was her orphan 's craving : love . 
 and she certainly had n't gotten it from kaz . 
 her pencil point snapped , so hard was she bearing down on her drawing , and at the same moment a burst of anger converted itself to a rapid-fire volley of itches that shortened her necklace to a choker and sent kaz scrambling off the model stand . 
 karou released her necklace and watched him . 
 he was already to the door , robe in hand , and he opened it and darted out , still nak * d in his haste to get away and find a place where he could attend to his humiliating misery . 
 the door swung shut and the class was left blinking at the empty daybed . 
 profesorka fiala was peering over the rim of her glasses at the door , and karou was ashamed of herself . 
 maybe that was too much . 
 `` what 's with jackass ? '' 
 zuzana asked . 
 `` no idea , '' said karou , looking down at her drawing . 
 there on the paper was kaz in all his carnality and elegance , looking like he was waiting for a lover to come to him . 
 it could have been a good drawing , but she 'd ruined it . 
 her line work had darkened and lost all subtlety , finally ending in a chaotic scribble that blotted out his ... inessential penis . 
 she wondered what brimstone would think of her now . 
 he was always reprimanding her for injudicious use of wishes-most recently the one that had made svetla 's eyebrows thicken overnight until they looked like caterpillars and grew right back the moment they were tweezed . 
 `` women have been burned at the stake for less , karou , '' he 'd said . 
 lucky for me , she thought , this is n't the middle ages . 
 4 poison kitchen the rest of the school day was uneventful . 
 a double period of chemistry and color lab , followed by master drawing and lunch , after which zuzana went to puppetry and karou to painting , both three-hour studio classes that released them into the same full winter dark by which they 'd arrived that morning . 
 `` poison ? '' 
 inquired zuzana as they stepped out the door . 
 `` you have to ask ? '' 
 said karou . 
 `` i 'm starved . '' 
 they bent their heads against the icy wind and headed toward the river . 
 the streets of prague were a fantasia scarcely touched by the twenty-first century-or the twentieth or nineteenth , for that matter . 
 it was a city of alchemists and dreamers , its medieval cobbles once trod by golems , mystics , invading armies . 
 tall houses glowed goldenrod and carmine and eggshell blue , embellished with rococo plasterwork and capped in roofs of uniform red . 
 baroque cupolas were the soft green of antique copper , and gothic steeples stood ready to impale fallen angels . 
 the wind carried the memory of magic , revolution , violins , and the cobbled lanes meandered like creeks . 
 thugs wore mozart wigs and pushed chamber music on street corners , and marionettes hung in windows , making the whole city seem like a theater with unseen puppeteers crouched behind velvet . 
 above it all loomed the castle on the hill , its silhouette as sharp as thorns . 
 by night it was floodlit , bathed in eerie light , and this evening the sky hung low , full-bellied with snow , making gauzy halos around the street lamps . 
 down by the devil 's stream , poison kitchen was a place rarely stumbled upon by chance ; you had to know it was there , and duck under an unmarked stone arch into a walled graveyard , beyond which glowed the lamp-lit windowpanes of the cafe . 
 unfortunately , tourists no longer had to rely on chance to discover the place ; the latest edition of the lonely planet guide had outed it to the world - the church once attached to this medieval priory burned down some three hundred years ago , but the monks ' quarters remain , and have been converted to the strangest cafe you 'll find anywhere , crowded with classical statues all sporting the owner 's collection of wwi gas masks . 
 legend has it that back in the middle ages , the cook lost his mind and murdered the whole priory with a poisoned vat of goulash , hence the cafe 's ghoulish name and signature dish : goulash , of course . 
 sit on a velvet sofa and prop your feet up on a coffin . 
 the skulls behind the bar may or may not belong to the murdered monks ... - and for the past half year backpackers had been poking their heads through the arch , looking for some morbid prague to write postcards about . 
 this evening , though , the girls found it quiet . 
 in the corner a foreign couple was taking pictures of their children wearing gas masks , and a few men hunched at the bar , but most of the tables-coffins , flanked by low velvet settees-were unoccupied . 
 roman statues were everywhere , life-size gods and nymphs with missing arms and wings , and in the middle of the room stood a copy of the huge equestrian marcus aurelius from capitoline hill . 
 `` oh , good , pestilence is free , '' said karou , heading toward the sculpture . 
 massive emperor and horse both wore gas masks , like every other statue in the place , and it had always put karou in mind of the first horseman of the apocalypse , pestilence , sowing plague with one outstretched arm . 
 the girls ' preferred table was in its shadow , having the benefit of both privacy and a view of the bar-through the horse 's legs-so they could see if anyone interesting came in . 
 they dropped their portfolios and hung their coats from marcus aurelius 's stone fingertips . 
 the one-eyed owner raised his hand from behind the bar , and they waved back . 
 they 'd been coming here for two and a half years , since they were fifteen and in their first year at the lyceum . 
 karou had been new to prague and had known no one . 
 her czech was freshly acquired -lrb- by wish , not study ; karou collected languages , and that 's what brimstone always gave her for her birthday -rrb- and it had still tasted strange on her tongue , like a new spice . 
 she 'd been at a boarding school in england before that , and though she was capable of a flawless british accent , she had stuck with the american one she 'd developed as a child , so that was what her classmates had thought she was . 
 in truth , she had claim to no nationality . 
 her papers were all forgeries , and her accents-all except one , in her first language , which was not of human origin-were all fakes . 
 zuzana was czech , from a long line of marionette artisans in cˇ esky krumlov , the little jewel box of a city in southern bohemia . 
 her older brother had shocked the family by going into the army , but zuzana had puppets in the blood and was carrying on the family tradition . 
 like karou , she 'd known no one else at school and , as fortune would have it , early in the first term they 'd been paired up to paint a mural for a local primary school . 
 that had entailed a week of evenings spent up ladders , and they 'd taken to going to poison kitchen afterward . 
 this was where their friendship had taken root , and when the mural was finished , the owner had hired them to paint a scene of skeletons on toilets in the cafe 's bathroom . 
 he 'd paid them a month of suppers for their labor , ensuring they would keep coming back , and a couple of years later , they still were . 
 they ordered bowls of goulash , which they ate while discussing kaz 's stunt , their chemistry teacher 's nose hair-which zuzana asserted was braidable-and ideas for their semester projects . 
 soon , talk shifted to the handsome new violinist in the orchestra of the marionette theatre of prague . 
 `` he has a girlfriend , '' lamented zuzana . 
 `` what ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` he 's always texting on his breaks . '' 
 `` that 's your evidence ? 
 flimsy . 
 maybe he secretly fights crime , and he 's texting infuriating riddles to his nemesis , '' suggested karou . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure that 's it . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i 'm just saying , there could be other explanations than a girlfriend . 
 anyway , since when are you shy ? 
 just talk to him already ! '' 
 `` and say what ? 
 nice fiddling , handsome man ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 zuzana snorted . 
 she worked as an assistant to the theater 's puppeteers on the weekends and had developed a crush on the violinist some weeks before christmas . 
 though not usually bashful , she had yet to even speak to him . 
 `` he probably thinks i 'm a kid , '' she said . 
 `` you do n't know what it 's like , being child-size . '' 
 `` marionette-size , '' said karou , who felt no pity whatsoever . 
 she thought zuzana 's tininess was perfect , like a fairy you found in the woods and wanted to put in your pocket . 
 though in zuzana 's case the fairy was likely to be rabid , and bite . 
 `` yeah , zuzana the marvelous human marionette . 
 watch her dance . '' 
 zuzana did a jerky , puppetlike version of ballet arms . 
 inspired , karou said , `` hey ! 
 that 's what you should do for your project . 
 make a giant puppeteer , and you be the marionette . 
 you know ? 
 you could make it so that when you move , it 's like , i do n't know , reverse puppetry . 
 has anyone done that before ? 
 you 're the puppet , dancing from strings , but really it 's your movements that are making the puppeteer 's hands move ? '' 
 zuzana had been lifting a piece of bread to her mouth , and she paused . 
 karou knew by the way her friend 's eyes went dreamy that she was envisioning it . 
 she said , `` that would be a really big puppet . '' 
 `` i could do your makeup , like a little marionette ballerina . '' 
 `` are you sure you want to give it to me ? 
 it 's your idea . '' 
 `` what , like i 'm going to make a giant marionette ? 
 it 's all yours . '' 
 `` well , thanks . 
 do you have any ideas for yours yet ? '' 
 karou did n't . 
 last semester when she 'd taken costuming she had constructed angel wings that she could wear on a harness , rigged to operate by a pulley system so she could lift and lower them . 
 fully unfolded , they gave her a wingspan of twelve magnificent feet . 
 she 'd worn them to show brimstone , but had never even made it in to see him . 
 issa had stopped her in the vestibule and-gentle issa ! 
 - had actually hissed at her , cobra hood flaring open in a way karou had seen only a couple of times in her whole life . 
 `` an angel , of all abominations ! 
 get them off ! 
 oh , sweet girl , i ca n't stand the sight of you like that . '' 
 it was all very odd . 
 the wings hung above the bed now in karou 's tiny flat , taking up one entire wall . 
 this semester she needed to come up with a theme for a series of paintings , but so far nothing had set her mind on fire . 
 as she was pondering ideas , she heard the tinkle of bells on the door . 
 a few men came in , and a darting shadow behind them caught karou 's eye . 
 it was the size and shape of a crow , but it was nothing so mundane . 
 it was kishmish . 
 she straightened up and cast a quick glance at her friend . 
 zuzana was sketching puppet ideas in her notebook and barely responded when karou excused herself . 
 she went into the bathroom and the shadow followed , low and unseen . 
 brimstone 's messenger had the body and beak of a crow but the membranous wings of a bat , and his tongue , when it flicked out , was forked . 
 he looked like an escapee from a hieronymus bosch painting , and he was clutching a note with his feet . 
 when karou took it , she saw that his little knifelike talons had pierced the paper through . 
 she unfolded it and read the message , which took all of two seconds , as it said only , errand requiring immediate attention . 
 come . 
 `` he never says please , '' she remarked to kishmish . 
 the creature cocked his head to one side , crow-style , as if to inquire , are you coming ? 
 `` i 'm coming , i 'm coming , '' said karou . 
 `` do n't i always ? '' 
 to zuzana , a moment later , she said , `` i have to go . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 zuzana looked up from her sketchbook . 
 `` but , dessert . '' 
 it was there on the coffin : two plates of apple strudel , along with tea . 
 `` oh , damn , '' said karou . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have an errand . '' 
 `` you and your errands . 
 what do you have to do , so all of a sudden ? '' 
 she glanced at karou 's phone , sitting on the coffin , and knew she had gotten no phone call . 
 `` just things , '' said karou , and zuzana let it drop , knowing from experience that she 'd get no specifics . 
 karou had things to do . 
 sometimes they took a few hours ; other times , she was gone for days and returned weary and disheveled , maybe pale , maybe sunburned , or with a limp , or possibly a bite mark , and once with an unshakable fever that had turned out to be malaria . 
 `` just where did you happen to pick up a tropical disease ? '' 
 zuzana had demanded , to which karou had replied , `` oh , i do n't know . 
 on the tram , maybe ? 
 this old woman did sneeze right in my face the other day . '' 
 `` that is not how you get malaria . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it was gross , though . 
 i 'm thinking of getting a moped so i do n't have to take the tram anymore . '' 
 and that was the end of that discussion . 
 part of being friends with karou was resignation to never really knowing her . 
 now zuzana sighed and said , `` fine . 
 two strudels for me . 
 any resulting fat is your fault , '' and karou left poison kitchen , the shadow of an almost-crow darting out the door before her . 
 5 elsewhere kishmish took to the sky and was gone in a flutter . 
 karou watched , wishing she could follow . 
 what magnitude of wish , she wondered , would it take to endow her with flight ? 
 one far more powerful than she 'd ever have access to . 
 brimstone was n't stingy with scuppies . 
 he let her refresh her necklace as often as she liked from his chipped teacups full of beads , and he paid her in bronze shings for the errands she ran for him . 
 a shing was the next denomination of wish , and it could do more than a scuppy-svetla 's caterpillar eyebrows were a case in point , as were karou 's tattoo removal and her blue hair-but she had never gotten her hands on a wish that could work any real magic . 
 she never would , either , unless she earned it , and she knew too well how humans earned wishes . 
 chiefly : hunting , graverobbing , and murder . 
 oh , and there was one other way : a particular form of self-mutilation involving pliers and a deep commitment . 
 it was n't like in the storybooks . 
 no witches lurked at crossroads disguised as crones , waiting to reward travelers who shared their bread . 
 genies did n't burst from lamps , and talking fish did n't bargain for their lives . 
 in all the world , there was only one place humans could get wishes : brimstone 's shop . 
 and there was only one currency he accepted . 
 it was n't gold , or riddles , or kindness , or any other fairy-tale nonsense , and no , it was n't souls , either . 
 it was weirder than any of that . 
 it was teeth . 
 karou crossed the charles bridge and took the tram north to the jewish quarter , a medieval ghetto that had given way to a dense concentration of art nouveau apartment buildings as pretty as cakes . 
 her destination was the service entrance in the rear of one of them . 
 the plain metal door did n't look like anything special , and in and of itself , it was n't . 
 if you opened it from without , it revealed only a mildewed laundry room . 
 but karou did n't open it . 
 she knocked and waited , because when the door was opened from within , it had the potential to lead someplace quite different . 
 it swung open and there was issa , looking just as she did in karou 's sketchbooks , like a snake goddess in some ancient temple . 
 her serpent coils were withdrawn into the shadows of a small vestibule . 
 `` blessings , darling . '' 
 `` blessings , '' karou returned fondly , kissing her cheek . 
 `` did kishmish make it back ? '' 
 `` he did , '' said issa , `` and he felt like an icicle on my shoulder . 
 come in now . 
 it 's freezing in your city . '' 
 she was guardian of the threshold , and she ushered karou inside , closing the door behind her so the two of them were alone in a space no bigger than a closet . 
 the outer door of the vestibule had to seal completely before the inner one could be opened , in the manner of safety doors at aviaries that prevent birds from escaping . 
 only , in this case , it was n't for birds . 
 `` how was your day , sweet girl ? '' 
 issa had some half dozen snakes on her person-wound around her arms , roaming through her hair , and one encircling her slim waist like a belly dancer 's chain . 
 anyone seeking entry would have to submit to wearing one around the neck before the inner door would unseal-anyone but karou , that is . 
 she was the only human who entered the shop uncollared . 
 she was trusted . 
 after all , she 'd grown up in this place . 
 `` it 's been a day , '' karou sighed . 
 `` you wo n't believe what kaz did . 
 he showed up to be the model in my drawing class . '' 
 issa had not met kaz , of course , but she knew him the same way kaz knew her : from karou 's sketchbooks . 
 the difference was that while kaz thought issa and her perfect br ** sts were an erotic figment of karou 's imagination , issa knew kaz was real . 
 she and twiga and yasri were as hooked on karou 's sketchbooks as her human friends were , but for the opposite reason . 
 they liked to see the normal things : tourists huddled under umbrellas , chickens on balconies , children playing in the park . 
 and issa especially was fascinated by the nudes . 
 to her , the human form-plain as it was , and not spliced together with other species-was a missed opportunity . 
 she was always scrutinizing karou and making such pronouncements as , `` i think antlers would suit you , sweet girl , '' or `` you 'd make a lovely serpent , '' in just the way a human might suggest a new hairstyle or shade of lipstick . 
 now , issa 's eyes lit up with ferocity . 
 `` you mean he came to your school ? 
 the scandalous rodent-loaf ! 
 did you draw him ? 
 show me . '' 
 outraged or not , she would n't miss an opportunity to see kaz nak * d. karou pulled out her pad and flipped it open . 
 `` you scribbled out the best part , '' issa accused . 
 `` trust me , it 's not that great . '' 
 issa giggled into her hand as the shop door creaked open to admit them , and karou stepped across the threshold . 
 as always , she felt the slightest wave of nausea at the transition . 
 she was no longer in prague . 
 even though she had lived in brimstone 's shop , she still did n't understand where it was , only that you could enter through doorways all over the world and end up right here . 
 as a child she used to ask brimstone where exactly `` here '' was , only to be told brusquely , `` elsewhere . '' 
 brimstone was not a fan of questions . 
 wherever it was , the shop was a windowless clutter of shelves that looked like some kind of tooth fairy 's dumping ground-if , that is , the tooth fairy trafficked in all species . 
 viper fangs , canines , grooved elephant molars , overgrown orange incisors from exotic jungle rodents-they were all collected in bins and apothecary chests , strung in garlands that draped from hooks , and sealed in hundreds of jars you could shake like maracas . 
 the ceiling was vaulted like a crypt 's , and small things scurried in the shadows , their tiny claws scritch-scritching on stone . 
 like kishmish , these were creatures of disparate parts : scorpion-mice , gecko-crabs , beetle-rats . 
 in the damp around the drains were snails with the heads of bullfrogs , and overhead , the ubiquitous moth-winged hummingbirds hurled themselves at lanterns , setting them swaying with the creak of copper chains . 
 in the corner , twiga was bent over his work , his ungainly long neck bowed like a horseshoe as he cleaned teeth and banded them with gold to be strung onto catgut . 
 a clatter came from the kitchen nook that was yasri 's domain . 
 and off to the left , behind a huge oak desk , was brimstone himself . 
 kishmish was perched in his usual place on his master 's right horn , and spread out on the desk were trays of teeth and small chests of gems . 
 brimstone was stringing them into a necklace and did not look up . 
 `` karou , '' he said . 
 `` i believe i wrote ` errand requiring immediate attention . ' '' 
 `` which is exactly why i came immediately . '' 
 `` it 's been '' - he consulted his pocket watch - `` forty minutes . '' 
 `` i was across town . 
 if you want me to travel faster , give me wings , and i 'll race kishmish back . 
 or just give me a gavriel , and i 'll wish for flight myself . '' 
 a gavriel was the second most powerful wish , certainly sufficient to grant the power of flight . 
 still bent over his work , brimstone replied , `` i think a flying girl would not go unnoticed in your city . '' 
 `` easily solved , '' said karou . 
 `` give me two gavriels , and i 'll wish for invisibility , too . '' 
 brimstone looked up . 
 his eyes were those of a crocodile , luteous gold with vertical slit pupils , and they were not amused . 
 he would not , karou knew , give her any gavriels . 
 she did n't ask out of hope , but because his complaint was so unfair . 
 had n't she come running as soon as he 'd called ? 
 `` i could trust you with gavriels , could i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` of course you could . 
 what kind of question is that ? '' 
 she felt his appraisal , as if he were mentally reviewing every wish she 'd ever made . 
 blue hair : frivolous . 
 erasing pimples : vain . 
 wishing off the light switch so she did n't have to get out of bed : lazy . 
 he said , `` your necklace is looking quite short . 
 have you had a busy day ? '' 
 her hand flew to cover it . 
 too late . 
 `` why do you have to notice everything ? '' 
 no doubt the old devil somehow knew exactly what she 'd used these scuppies for and was adding it to his mental list : making ex-boyfriend 's cranny itch : vindictive . 
 `` such pettiness is beneath you , karou . '' 
 `` he deserved it , '' she replied , forgetting her earlier shame . 
 like zuzana had said , bad behavior should be punished . 
 she added , `` besides , it 's not like you ask your traders what they 're going to use their wishes for , and i 'm sure they do a hell of a lot worse than make people itch . '' 
 `` i expect you to be better than them , '' brimstone said simply . 
 `` are you suggesting that i 'm not ? '' 
 the tooth-traders who came to the shop were , with few exceptions , about the worst specimens humanity had to offer . 
 though brimstone did have a small coterie of longtime associates who did not turn karou 's stomach-such as the retired diamond dealer who had on a number of occasions posed as her grandmother to enroll her in schools-mostly they were a stinking , soul-dead lot with crescents of gore under their fingernails . 
 they killed and maimed . 
 they carried pliers in their pockets for extracting the teeth of the dead-and sometimes the living . 
 karou loathed them , and she was certainly better than them . 
 brimstone said , `` prove that you are , by using wishes for good . '' 
 nettled , she asked , `` who are you to talk about good , anyway ? '' 
 she gestured to the necklace clutched in his huge clawed hands . 
 crocodile teeth-those would be from the somali . 
 also wolf fangs , horse molars , and hematite beads . 
 `` i wonder how many animals died in the world today because of you . 
 not to mention people . '' 
 she heard issa suck in a surprised breath , and she knew she should shut up , but her mouth kept moving . 
 `` no , really . 
 you do business with killers , and you do n't even have to see the corpses they leave behind . 
 you lurk in here like a troll - '' `` karou , '' brimstone said . 
 `` but i 've seen them , piles of dead creatures with bloody mouths . 
 those girls with their bloody mouths ; i 'll never forget as long as i live . 
 what 's it all for ? 
 what do you do with these teeth ? 
 if you would just tell me , maybe i could understand . 
 there must be a reason - '' `` karou , '' brimstone said again . 
 he did not say `` shut up . '' 
 he did n't have to . 
 his voice conveyed it clearly enough , on top of which he rose suddenly from his chair . 
 karou shut up . 
 sometimes , maybe most of the time , she forgot to see brimstone . 
 he was so familiar that when she looked at him she saw not a beast but the creature who , for reasons unknown , had raised her from a baby , and not without tenderness . 
 but he could still strike her speechless at times , such as when he used that tone of voice . 
 it slithered like a hiss to the core of her consciousness and opened her eyes to the full , fearsome truth of him . 
 brimstone was a monster . 
 if he and issa , twiga , and yasri were to stray from the shop , that 's what humans would call them : monsters . 
 demons , maybe , or devils . 
 they called themselves chimaera . 
 brimstone 's arms and massive torso were the only human parts of him , though the tough flesh that covered them was more hide than skin . 
 his square pectorals were riven with ancient scar tissue , one nipple entirely obliterated by it , and his shoulders and back were etched in more scars : a network of puckered white cross-hatchings . 
 below the waist he became elsething . 
 his haunches , covered in faded , off-gold fur , rippled with leonine muscle , but instead of the padded paws of a lion , they tapered to wicked , clawed feet that could have been either raptor or lizard-or perhaps , karou fancied , dragon . 
 and then there was his head . 
 roughly that of a ram , it was n't furred , but fleshed in the same tough brown hide as the rest of him . 
 it gave way to scales around his flat ovine nose and reptilian eyes , and giant , yellowed ram horns spiraled on either side of his face . 
 he wore a set of jeweler 's lenses on a chain , and their dark gold rims were the only ornament on his person , if you did n't count the other thing he wore around his neck , which had no sparkle to catch the eye . 
 it was just an old wishbone , sitting in the hollow of his throat . 
 karou did n't know why he wore it , only that she was forbidden to touch it , which , of course , had always made her long to do so . 
 when she was a baby and he used to rock her on his knee , she would make little lightning grabs for it , but brimstone was always faster . 
 karou had never succeeded in laying so much as a fingertip to it . 
 now that she was grown she showed more decorum , but she still sometimes found herself itching to reach for the thing . 
 not now , though . 
 cowed by brimstone 's abrupt rising , she felt her rebelliousness subside . 
 taking a step back , she asked in a small voice , `` so , um , what about this urgent errand ? 
 where do you need me to go ? '' 
 he tossed her a case filled with colorful banknotes that turned out to be euros . 
 a lot of euros . 
 `` paris , '' said brimstone . 
 `` have fun . '' 
 6 the angel of extinction fun ? 
 `` oh , yes , '' karou muttered to herself later that night as she dragged three hundred pounds of illegal elephant ivory down the steps of the paris metro . 
 `` this is just so much fun . '' 
 when she 'd left brimstone 's shop , issa had let her out through the same door by which she 'd entered , but when she stepped onto the street she was not back in prague . 
 she was in paris , just like that . 
 no matter how many times she went through the portal , the thrill never wore off . 
 it opened onto dozens of cities , and karou had been to them all , on errands like this one and sometimes for pleasure . 
 brimstone let her go out and draw anywhere in the world where there was n't a war , and when she had a craving for mangoes he opened the door to india , on the condition that she bring some back for him , too . 
 she had even wheedled her way into shopping expeditions to exotic bazaars , and right here , to the paris flea markets , to furnish her flat . 
 wherever she went , when the door closed behind her , its connection to the shop was severed . 
 whatever magic was at work , it existed in that other place-elsewhere , as she thought of it-and could not be conjured from this side . 
 no one would ever force his way into the shop . 
 one would only succeed in breaking through an earthly door that did n't lead where he hoped to go . 
 even karou was dependent on the whim of brimstone to admit her . 
 sometimes he did n't , however much she knocked , though he had never yet stranded her on the far side of an errand , and she hoped he never would . 
 this errand turned out to be a black-market auction in a warehouse on the outskirts of paris . 
 karou had attended several such , and they were always the same . 
 cash only , of course , and attended by sundry underworld types like exiled dictators and crime lords with pretensions to culture . 
 the auction items were a mixed salad of stolen museum pieces-a chagall drawing , the dried uvula of some beheaded saint , a matched set of tusks from a mature african bull elephant . 
 yes . 
 a matched set of tusks from a mature african bull elephant . 
 karou sighed when she saw them . 
 brimstone had n't told her what she was after , only that she would know it when she saw it , and she did . 
 oh , and would n't they be a delight to wrangle on public transportation ? 
 unlike the other bidders , she did n't have a long black car waiting , or a pair of thug bodyguards to do her heavy lifting . 
 she had only a string of scuppies and her charm , neither of which proved sufficient to persuade a cab driver to hang seven-foot-long elephant tusks out the back of his taxi . 
 so , grumbling , karou had to drag them six blocks to the nearest metro station , down the stairs , and through the turnstile . 
 they were wrapped in canvas and duct-taped , and when a street musician lowered his violin to inquire , `` hey lovely , what you got there ? '' 
 she said , `` musicians who asked questions , '' and kept on dragging . 
 it could have been worse , certainly , and often was . 
 brimstone sent her to some god-awful places in pursuit of teeth . 
 after the incident in st. petersburg , when she was recovering from being shot , she 'd demanded , `` is my life really worth so little to you ? '' 
 as soon as the question was out of her mouth , she 'd regretted it . 
 if her life was worth so little to him , she did n't want him to admit it . 
 brimstone had his faults , but he was all she had for a family , along with issa and twiga and yasri . 
 if she was just some kind of expendable slave girl , she did n't want to know . 
 his answer had neither confirmed nor denied her fear . 
 `` your life ? 
 you mean , your body ? 
 your body is nothing but an envelope , karou . 
 your soul is another matter , and is not , as far as i know , in any immediate danger . '' 
 `` an envelope ? '' 
 she did n't like to think of her body as an envelope-something others might be able to open up and rifle through , remove things from like so many clipped coupons . 
 `` i assumed you felt the same way , '' he 'd said . 
 `` the way you scribble on it . '' 
 brimstone did n't approve of her tattoos , which was funny , since he was responsible for her first , the eyes on her palms . 
 at least karou suspected he was , though she did n't know for sure , since he was incapable of answering even the most basic questions . 
 `` whatever , '' she 'd said with a pained sigh . 
 really : pained . 
 getting shot hurt , no surprise there . 
 of course , she could n't argue that brimstone shoved her unprepared into danger . 
 he 'd seen to it that she was trained from a young age in martial arts . 
 she never mentioned it to her friends-it was not , her sensei had taught her early , a bragging matter-and they would have been surprised to learn that karou 's gliding , straight-spined grace went hand in hand with deadly skill . 
 deadly or not , she 'd had the misfortune to discover that karate went only so far against guns . 
 she 'd healed quickly with the help of a pungent salve and , she suspected , magic , but her youthful fearlessness had been shaken , and she went on errands with more trepidation now . 
 her train came , and she wrestled her burden through the doors , trying not to think too much about what was in it , or the magnificent life that had been ended somewhere in africa , though probably not recently . 
 these tusks were massive , and karou happened to know that elephant tusks rarely grew so big anymore-poachers had seen to that . 
 by killing all the biggest bulls , they 'd altered the elephant gene pool . 
 it was sickening , and here she was , part of that blood trade , hauling endangered species contraband on the freaking paris metro . 
 she shut the thought away in a dark room in her mind and stared out the window as the train sped through its black tunnels . 
 she could n't let herself think about it . 
 whenever she did , her life felt gore-streaked and nasty . 
 last semester , when she 'd made her wings , she 'd dubbed herself `` the angel of extinction , '' and it was entirely appropriate . 
 the wings were made of real feathers she 'd `` borrowed '' from brimstone-hundreds of them , brought to him over the years by traders . 
 she used to play with them when she was little , before she understood that birds had been killed for them , whole species driven extinct . 
 she had been innocent once , a little girl playing with feathers on the floor of a devil 's lair . 
 she was n't innocent now , but she did n't know what to do about it . 
 this was her life : magic and shame and secrets and teeth and a deep , nagging hollow at the center of herself where something was most certainly missing . 
 karou was plagued by the notion that she was n't whole . 
 she did n't know what this meant , but it was a lifelong feeling , a sensation akin to having forgotten something . 
 she 'd tried describing it to issa once , when she was a girl . 
 `` it 's like you 're standing in the kitchen , and you know you went in there for a reason , but you ca n't think of what that reason is , no matter what . '' 
 `` and that 's how you feel ? '' 
 asked issa , frowning . 
 `` all the time . '' 
 issa had only drawn her close and stroked her hair-then its natural near-black-and said , unconvincingly , `` i 'm sure it 's nothing , lovely . 
 try not to worry . '' 
 right . 
 well . 
 getting the tusks up the metro steps at her destination was a lot harder than dragging them down had been , and by the top karou was exhausted , sweating under her winter coat , and extremely peevish . 
 the portal was a couple more blocks away , linked to the doorway of a synagogue 's small storage outbuilding , and when she finally reached it she found two orthodox rabbis in deep conversation right in front of it . 
 `` perfect , '' she muttered . 
 she continued past them and leaned against an iron gate , just out of sight , to wait while they discussed some act of vandalism in mystified tones . 
 at last they left , and karou wrangled the tusks to the little door and knocked . 
 as she always did while waiting at a portal in some back alley of the world , she imagined being stranded . 
 sometimes it took long minutes for issa to open the door , and each and every time , karou considered the possibility that it might not open . 
 there was always a twinge of fear of being locked out , not just for the night , but forever . 
 the scenario made her hyperaware of her powerlessness . 
 if , some day , the door did n't open , she would be alone . 
 the moment stretched , and karou , leaning wearily against the doorframe , noticed something . 
 she straightened . 
 on the surface of the door was a large black handprint . 
 that would n't have been so very strange , except that it gave every appearance of having been burned into the wood . 
 burned , but in the perfect contours of a hand . 
 this must be what the rabbis were talking about . 
 she traced it with her fingertips , finding that it was actually scored into the wood , so that her own hand fit inside it , though dwarfed by it , and came away dusted with fine ash . 
 she brushed off her fingers , puzzled . 
 what had made the print ? 
 a cleverly shaped brand ? 
 it sometimes happened that brimstone 's traders left a mark by which to find portals on their next visit , but that was usually just a smear of paint or a knife-gouged x-marks-the-spot . 
 this was a bit sophisticated for them . 
 the door creaked open , to karou 's deep relief . 
 `` did everything go all right ? '' 
 issa asked . 
 karou heaved the tusks into the vestibule , having to wedge them at an angle to fit them inside . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she slumped against the wall . 
 `` i 'd drag tusks across paris every night if i could , it was such a treat . '' 
 7 black handprints around the world , over a space of days , black handprints appeared on many doors , each scorched deep into wood or metal . 
 nairobi , delhi , st. petersburg , a handful of other cities . 
 it was a phenomenon . 
 in cairo , the owner of a shisha den painted over the mark on his back door only to find , hours later , that the handprint had smoldered through the paint and showed just as black as when he 'd discovered it . 
 there were some witnesses to the acts of vandalism , but no one believed what they claimed to have seen . 
 `` with his bare hand , '' a child in new york told his mother , pointing out the window . 
 `` he just put his hand there , and it glowed and smoked . '' 
 his mother sighed and went back to bed . 
 the boy was an established fibber , worse luck for him , because this time he was not lying . 
 he had seen a tall man lay his hand on the door and scorch the mark into it . 
 `` his shadow was wrong , '' he told his mother 's retreating back . 
 `` it did n't match . '' 
 a drunken tourist in bangkok witnessed a similar scene , though this time the handprint was made by a woman of such impossible beauty that he followed her , spellbound , only to see her-as he claimed-fly away . 
 `` she did n't have wings , '' he told his friends , `` but her shadow did . '' 
 `` his eyes were like fire , '' said an old man who caught sight of one of the strangers from his rooftop pigeon coop . 
 `` sparks rained down when he flew away . '' 
 so it was in slum alleys and dark courtyards in kuala lumpur , istanbul , san francisco , paris . 
 beautiful men and women with distorted shadows came and scorched their handprints onto doors before vanishing skyward , drafts of heat billowing behind them with the whumph of unseen wings . 
 here and there , feathers fell , and they were like tufts of white fire , disintegrating to ash as soon as they touched the ground . 
 in delhi , a sister of mercy reached out and caught one on her palm like a raindrop , but unlike a raindrop it burned , and left the perfect outline of a feather seared into her flesh . 
 `` angel , '' she whispered , relishing the pain . 
 she was not exactly wrong . 
 8 gavriels when karou stepped back into the shop , she found that brimstone was not alone . 
 a trader sat opposite him , a loathsome american hunter whose slab-of-meat face was garnished by the biggest , filthiest beard she had ever seen . 
 she turned to issa and grimaced . 
 `` i know , '' agreed issa , coming across the threshold in a ripple of serpentine muscle . 
 `` i gave him avigeth . 
 she 's about to molt . '' 
 karou laughed . 
 avigeth was the coral snake wound around the hunter 's thick throat , forming a collar far too beautiful for the likes of him . 
 her bands of black , yellow , and crimson looked , even in their dulled state , like fine chinese cloisonne . 
 but for all her beauty , avigeth was deadly , and never more so than when the itch of impending molt made her peevish . 
 she was wending now in and out of the massive beard , a constant reminder to the trader that he must behave if he hoped to live . 
 `` on behalf of the animals of north america , '' whispered karou , `` ca n't you just make her bite him ? '' 
 `` i could , but brimstone would n't be happy . 
 as well you know , bain is one of his most valued traders . '' 
 karou sighed . 
 `` i know . '' 
 for longer than she had even been alive , bain had been supplying brimstone with bear teeth-grizzly , black , and polar-and lynx , fox , mountain lion , wolf , and sometimes even dog . 
 he specialized in predators , always of premium value down here . 
 they were also , karou had pointed out to brimstone on many occasions , of premium value to the world . 
 how many beautiful carcasses did that pile of teeth amount to ? 
 she watched , dismayed , as brimstone took two large gold medallions out of his strongbox , each the size of a saucer and engraved with his own likeness . 
 gavriels . 
 enough to buy her flight and invisibility , and he pushed them across the desk to the hunter . 
 karou scowled as bain pocketed them and rose from his chair , moving slowly so as not to irritate avigeth . 
 out of the corner of one soulless eye , he cut karou a look that she could almost swear was a gloat , and then had the gall to wink . 
 karou clenched her teeth and said nothing as issa escorted bain out . 
 had it been only that morning that kaz had winked at her from the model stand ? 
 what a day . 
 the door closed , and brimstone gestured karou forward . 
 she heaved the canvas-wrapped tusks toward him and let the bundle collapse on the shop floor . 
 `` be careful , '' he barked . 
 `` do you know the value of these ? '' 
 `` indeed i do , since i just paid it . '' 
 `` that 's the human value . 
 the idiots would carve them to bits to make trinkets and baubles . '' 
 `` and what will you do with them ? '' 
 asked karou . 
 she kept her voice casual , as if brimstone might forget himself and reveal , at last , the mystery at the core of everything : what in the hell he did with all these teeth . 
 he only gave her a weary look , as if to say , nice try . 
 `` what ? 
 you brought it up . 
 and no , i do n't know the inhuman value of tusks . 
 i have no idea . '' 
 `` beyond price . '' 
 he started sawing at the duct tape with a curved knife . 
 `` it 's a good thing i had some scuppies on me , then , '' said karou , flopping into the chair bain had just vacated . 
 `` otherwise you 'd have lost your priceless tusks to another bidder . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you did n't give me enough money . 
 this little bastard war criminal kept bidding them up and-well , i 'm not sure he was a war criminal , but he had this certain indefinable war-criminaliness about him-and i could see he was determined to get them , so i. . . 
 maybe i should n't have , though , since you do n't approve of my ... pettiness , did you call it ? '' 
 she smiled sweetly and dangled the remaining beads of her necklace . 
 it was more of a bracelet now . 
 she 'd used her new itch trick on the man , wishing a relentless onslaught of cranny itches on him until he fled the room . 
 surely brimstone knew ; he always knew . 
 it would be nice , she thought , if he would say thank you . 
 instead , he just slapped a coin onto the table . 
 a measly shing . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 i dragged those things across paris for you for a shing , while beardy gets away with double gavriels ? '' 
 brimstone ignored her and extricated the tusks from their shroud . 
 twiga came to consult with him , and they muttered in undertones in their own language , which karou had learned from the cradle in the natural way , and not by wish . 
 it was a harsh tongue , growlsome and full of fricatives , with much of it rising from the throat . 
 by comparison , even german or hebrew seemed melodious . 
 while they talked about tooth configurations , karou helped herself to the scuppy teacups and set about replenishing her string of nearly useless wishes , which she decided to keep as a multistrand bracelet for now . 
 twiga hauled the tusks over to his corner for cleaning , and karou contemplated going home . 
 home . 
 the word always had air quotes around it in her mind . 
 she 'd done what she could to make her flat cozy , filling it with art , books , ornate lanterns , and a persian carpet as soft as lynx fur , and of course there were her angel wings taking up one whole wall . 
 but there was no help for its real emptiness ; its close air was stirred by no breath but her own . 
 when she was alone , the empty place within her , the missingness as she thought of it , seemed to swell . 
 even being with kaz had done something to keep it at bay , though not enough . 
 never enough . 
 she thought of the little cot that used to be hers , tucked behind the tall bookcases in the back of the shop , and wished whimsically that she could stay here tonight . 
 she could fall asleep like she used to , to the sound of murmured voices , issa 's soft slither , the scritch of wee elsething beasties scampering in the shadows . 
 `` sweet girl . '' 
 yasri bustled out of the kitchen with a tea tray . 
 beside the teapot was a plate of the custard-filled pastries in the shape of horns that were her specialty . 
 `` you must be hungry , '' she said in her parrot voice . 
 with a sideward glance at brimstone , she added , `` it 's not healthy for a growing girl , always running off hither and thither at not a moment 's notice . '' 
 `` that 's me , hither-and-thither girl , '' said karou . 
 she grabbed a pastry and slumped in her chair to eat it . 
 brimstone spared her a glance , then said to yasri , `` and i suppose it 's healthy for a growing girl to live on pastry ? '' 
 yasri tutted . 
 `` i 'd be happy to fix her a proper meal if you ever gave me warning , you great brute . '' 
 she turned to karou . 
 `` you 're too thin , lovely . 
 it is n't becoming . '' 
 `` mmm , '' agreed issa , caressing karou 's hair . 
 `` she should be leopard , do n't you think ? 
 sleek and lazy , fur hot from the sun , and not too lean . 
 a well-fed leopard-girl , lapping from a bowl of cream . '' 
 karou smiled and ate . 
 yasri poured tea for them all , just how they liked it , which meant four sugars for brimstone . 
 after all these years , karou still thought it was funny that the wishmonger had a sweet tooth . 
 she watched as he bent back to his never-ending work , stringing teeth into necklaces . 
 `` oryx leucoryx , '' she identified as he selected a tooth from his tray . 
 he was unimpressed . 
 `` antelopes are child 's play . '' 
 `` give me a hard one , then . '' 
 he handed her a shark 's tooth , and karou was reminded of the hours she 'd sat here with him as a child , learning teeth . 
 `` mako , '' she said . 
 `` longfin or shortfin ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 uh . '' 
 she went still , holding the tooth between her thumb and forefinger . 
 brimstone had trained her in this art since she was small , and she could read the origin and integrity of teeth from their subtle vibrations . 
 she declared , `` short . '' 
 he grunted , which was about as close as he came to praise . 
 `` did you know , '' karou asked him , `` that mako shark fetuses eat each other in the womb ? '' 
 issa , who was stroking avigeth , gave a tch of disgust . 
 `` it 's true . 
 only cannibal fetuses survive to be born . 
 can you imagine if people were like that ? '' 
 she put her feet up on the desk and , two seconds later , at a dark look from brimstone , took them down again . 
 the shop 's warmth was making her drowsy . 
 the cot in its little nook called to her , as did the quilt yasri had made her , so soft from years of snuggling . 
 `` brimstone , '' she said , hesitant . 
 `` do you think - ? '' 
 at that moment , a thudding sounded , violent . 
 `` oh , dear , '' said yasri , clicking her beak in agitation as she gathered up the tea things . 
 it was the shop 's other door . 
 back behind twiga 's workspace , in the shadowed reaches of the shop where no lantern ever hung , there was a second door . 
 in all karou 's life , it had never been opened in her presence . 
 she had no idea what was behind it . 
 the thudding came again , so hard it rattled the teeth in their jars . 
 brimstone rose , and karou knew what was expected of her-that she rise , too , and leave at once-but she slouched down in her chair . 
 `` let me stay , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll be quiet . 
 i 'll go back to my cot . 
 i wo n't look - '' `` karou , '' said brimstone . 
 `` you know the rules . '' 
 `` i hate the rules . '' 
 he took a step toward her , prepared to help her out of the chair if she did n't obey , and she shot to her feet , hands up in surrender . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 she put on her coat as the banging continued , and grabbed another pastry from yasri 's tray before letting issa usher her into the vestibule . 
 the door closed behind them , sealing out sound . 
 she did n't bother asking issa who was at the other door-issa never gave away brimstone 's secrets . 
 but she said , a little pitifully , `` i was just about to ask brimstone if i could sleep in my old cot . '' 
 issa leaned forward to kiss her cheek and said , `` oh , sweet girl , would n't that be nice ? 
 we can wait right here , the way we did when you were small . '' 
 ah , yes . 
 when karou was too small to shove out into the world 's streets on her own , issa had kept her here . 
 hours they had sometimes crouched in this tiny space , issa trying to keep her entertained by singing songs or drawing-in fact , it was issa who had started her drawing-or crowning her with venomous snakes , while inside brimstone confronted whatever lurked on the other side of that door . 
 `` you can come back in , '' issa continued , `` after . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' karou said with a sigh . 
 `` i 'll just go . '' 
 issa squeezed her arm and said , `` sweet dreams , sweet girl , '' and karou hunched her shoulders and stepped back out into the cold . 
 as she walked , clock towers across prague started arguing midnight , and the long , fraught monday came at last to a close . 
 9 the devil 's doorways akiva stood at the edge of a rooftop terrace in riyadh , peering down at a doorway in the lane below . 
 it was as nondescript as the others , but he knew it for what it was . 
 he could feel its bitter aura of magic as an ache behind his eyes . 
 it was one of the devil 's portals into the human world . 
 spreading vast wings that were visible only in his shadow , he glided down to it , landing in a rain of sparks . 
 a street sweeper saw him and dropped to his knees , but akiva ignored him and faced the door , his hands curling into fists . 
 he wanted nothing so much as to draw his swords and storm inside , end things quick right there in brimstone 's shop , end them bloody , but the magic of the portals was cunning and he knew better than to attempt it , so he did what he had come here to do . 
 he reached out and laid his hand flat against the door . 
 there was a soft glow and a smell of scorching , and when he took away his hand its print was scored into the wood . 
 that was all , for now . 
 he turned and walked away , and folk cringed close to walls to let him pass . 
 certainly , they could n't see him as he truly was . 
 his fiery wings were glamoured invisible , and he should have been able to pass as human , but he was n't quite pulling it off . 
 what people saw was a tall young man , beautiful-truly , breath-stealingly beautiful , in a way one rarely beholds in real life-who moved among them with predatory grace , seeming no more mindful of them than if they were statuary in a garden of gods . 
 on his back a pair of crossed swords were sheathed , and his sleeves were pushed up over forearms tanned and corded with muscle . 
 his hands were a curiosity , etched both white with scars and black with the ink of tattoos-simple repeating black lines hatched across the tops of his fingers . 
 his dark hair was cropped close to his skull , with a hairline that dipped into a widow 's peak . 
 his golden skin was bronzed darker across the planes of his face-high ridges of cheekbones , brow , bridge of the nose-as if he lived his life in drenching rich honey light . 
 beautiful as he was , he was forbidding . 
 it was difficult to imagine him breaking into a smile-which indeed akiva had n't done in many years , and could n't imagine doing ever again . 
 but all of this was just fleeting impression . 
 what people fixed on , stopping to watch him pass , were his eyes . 
 they were amber like a tiger 's , and like a tiger 's they were rimmed in black-the black both of heavy lashes and of kohl , which focused the gold of his irises like beams of light . 
 they were pure and luminous , mesmerizing and achingly beautiful , but something was wrong , was missing . 
 humanity , perhaps , that quality of benevolence that humans have , without irony , named after themselves . 
 when , coming around a corner , an old woman found herself in his path , the full force of his gaze fell on her and she gasped . 
 there was live fire in his eyes . 
 she was sure he would set her alight . 
 she gasped and stumbled , and he reached out a hand to steady her . 
 she felt heat , and when he continued past , his unseen wings brushed against her . 
 sparks shivered from them and she was left gaping in breathless , paralyzed panic at his receding form . 
 plainly she saw his shadow wings fan open and then , with a gust of heat that blew her headscarf off , he was gone . 
 in moments akiva was up in the ether , scarcely feeling the sting of ice crystals in the thin air . 
 he let his glamour fall away , and his wings were like sheets of fire sweeping the black of the heavens . 
 he moved at speed , onward toward another human city to find another doorway bitter with the devil 's magic , and after that another , until all bore the black handprint . 
 in far reaches of the world , hazael and liraz were doing the same . 
 once all the doors were marked , the end would begin . 
 and it would begin with fire . 
 10 hither-and-thither girl in general , karou managed to keep her two lives in balance . 
 on the one hand , she was a seventeen-year-old art student in prague ; on the other , errand girl to an inhuman creature who was the closest thing she had to family . 
 for the most part , she 'd found that there was time enough in a week for both lives . 
 if not every week , at least most . 
 this did not turn out to be one of those weeks . 
 tuesday she was still in class when kishmish alighted on the window ledge and rapped at the glass with his beak . 
 his note was even more succinct than yesterday 's and read only come . 
 karou did , though if she 'd known where brimstone was sending her , she might not have . 
 the animal market in saigon was one of her least favorite places in the world . 
 the caged kittens and german shepherds , the bats and sun bears and langur monkeys , were not sold as pets , but food . 
 an old crone of a butcher 's mother saved teeth in a funerary urn , and it was karou who had to collect them every few months and seal the deal with a sour swig of rice wine that left her stomach churning . 
 wednesday : northern canada . 
 two athabascan hunters , a sickening haul of wolf teeth . 
 thursday : san francisco , a young blonde herpetologist with a cache of rattlesnake fangs left over from her unfortunate research subjects . 
 `` you know , you could come into the shop yourself , '' karou told her , irritated because she had a self-portrait due the next day and could have used the extra hours to perfect it . 
 there were various reasons why traders might not come into the shop . 
 some had lost the privilege through misbehavior ; others were n't yet vetted ; many were simply afraid to submit to the serpent collars , which should n't have been a problem in this case , since this particular scientist spent her days with snakes by choice . 
 the herpetologist shuddered . 
 `` i came once . 
 i thought the snake-woman was going to kill me . '' 
 karou smothered a smile . 
 `` ah . '' 
 she understood . 
 issa was no friend to reptile killers , and had been known to coax her snakes into semi-strangulation as the mood arose . 
 `` well , okay . '' 
 she counted out twenties into a decent stack . 
 `` but you know , if you do come in , brimstone will pay you wishes worth much more than this . '' 
 he did not , to karou 's bitterness , entrust her to dispense wishes on his behalf . 
 `` maybe next time . '' 
 `` your choice . '' 
 karou shrugged and left with a little wave , to head back to the portal and through it , taking note as she did that a black handprint was scorched into its surface . 
 she was going to mention it to brimstone , but he was with a trader and she had homework to get to , so she went on her way . 
 up half the night working on her self-portrait , she was groggy on friday and hopeful that brimstone would n't summon her again . 
 he usually did n't send for her more than twice a week , and it had already been four times . 
 in the morning , while drawing old wiktor in nothing but a feather boa-a sight zuzana almost did not survive-she kept an eye on the window . 
 all through afternoon painting studio , she kept fearing that kishmish would appear , but he did n't , and after school she waited for zuzana under a ledge out of the drizzle . 
 `` well , '' said her friend , `` it 's a karou . 
 get a good look , folks . 
 sightings of this elusive creature are getting rarer all the time . '' 
 karou noted the coolness in her voice . 
 `` poison ? '' 
 she suggested hopefully . 
 after the week she 'd had , she wanted to go to the cafe and sink into a couch , gossip and laugh and sketch and drink tea and make up for lost normal . 
 zuzana gave her the eyebrow . 
 `` what , no errands ? '' 
 `` no , thank god . 
 come on , i 'm freezing . '' 
 `` i do n't know , karou . 
 maybe i have secret errands today . '' 
 karou chewed the inside of her cheek and wondered what to say . 
 she hated the way brimstone kept secrets from her , and she hated even more having to do the same thing to zuzana . 
 what kind of friendship was based on evasions and lies ? 
 growing up , she 'd found it almost impossible to have friends ; the need for lies always got in the way . 
 it had been even worse then because she 'd lived in the shop-forget about having a friend over to play ! 
 she would exit the portal in manhattan each morning for school , followed by her lessons in karate and aikido , and go back to it each evening . 
 it was a boarded-up door of an abandoned building in the east village , and when karou was in fifth grade a friend named belinda had seen her go in and had come to the conclusion that she was homeless . 
 word got around , parents and teachers got involved , and karou , unable to produce esther , her fake grandmother , on short notice , was taken into dhs custody . 
 she was put into a group home , from which she escaped the first night , never to be seen again . 
 after that : a new school in hong kong and extra caution that no one saw her using the portal . 
 that meant more lies and secrecy , and no possibility of real friends . 
 she was old enough now that there was no risk of social services sniffing around , but as for friends , that was still a tightrope . 
 zuzana was the best friend she 'd ever had , and she did n't want to lose her . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this week . 
 it 's been crazy . 
 it 's work - '' `` work ? 
 since when do you work ? '' 
 `` i work . 
 what do you think i live on , rainwater and daydreams ? '' 
 she 'd hoped to make zuzana smile , but her friend just squinted at her . 
 `` how would i know what you live on , karou ? 
 how long have we been friends , and you 've never mentioned a job or a family or anything - '' ignoring the `` family or anything '' part , karou replied , `` well , it 's not exactly a job . 
 i just run errands for this guy . 
 make pickups , meet with people . '' 
 `` what , like a drug dealer ? '' 
 `` come on , zuze , really ? 
 he 's a. . . 
 collector , i guess . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 what does he collect ? '' 
 `` just stuff . 
 who cares ? '' 
 `` i care . 
 i 'm interested . 
 it just sounds weird , karou . 
 you 're not mixed up in something weird , are you ? '' 
 oh no , thought karou . 
 not at all . 
 taking a deep breath , she said , `` i really ca n't talk about it . 
 it 's not my business , it 's his . '' 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . '' 
 zuzana spun on one platform heel and walked out into the rain . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 karou called after her . 
 she wanted to talk about it . 
 she wanted to tell zuzana everything , to complain about her crappy week-the elephant tusks , the nightmarish animal market , how brimstone only paid her in stupid shings , and the creepy banging on the other door . 
 she could put it in her sketchbook , and that was something , but it was n't enough . 
 she wanted to talk . 
 it was out of the question , of course . 
 `` can we please go to poison ? '' 
 she asked , her voice coming out small and tired . 
 zuzana looked back and saw the expression that karou sometimes got when she thought no one was watching . 
 it was sadness , lostness , and the worst thing about it was the way it seemed like a default-like it was there all the time , and all her other expressions were just an array of masks she used to cover it up . 
 zuzana relented . 
 `` fine . 
 okay . 
 i 'm dying for some goulash . 
 get it ? 
 dying . 
 ha ha . '' 
 the poisoned goulash ; it was an old groaner between them , and karou knew everything was okay . 
 for now . 
 but what about next time ? 
 they set out , umbrella-less and huddled together , hurrying through the drizzle . 
 `` you should know , '' zuzana said , `` jackass has been hanging around poison . 
 i think he 's lying in wait for you . '' 
 karou groaned . 
 `` great . '' 
 kaz had been calling and texting , and she had been ignoring him . 
 `` we could go somewhere else - '' `` no . 
 i 'm not letting that rodent-loaf have poison . 
 poison 's ours . '' 
 `` rodent-loaf ? '' 
 repeated zuzana . 
 it was a favorite insult of issa 's , and made sense in the context of the serpent-woman 's diet , which consisted mainly of small furry creatures . 
 karou said , `` yes . 
 loaf of rodent . 
 ground mouse-meat with bread crumbs and ketchup - '' `` ugh . 
 stop . '' 
 `` or you could substitute hamsters , i suppose , '' said karou . 
 `` or guinea pigs . 
 you know they roast guinea pigs in peru , skewered on little sticks , like marshmallows ? '' 
 `` stop , '' said zuzana . 
 `` mmm , guinea pig s'mores - '' `` stop now , before i throw up . 
 please . '' 
 and karou did stop , not because of zuzana 's plea , but because she caught a familiar flutter in the corner of her eye . 
 no no no , she said to herself . 
 she did n't - would n't - turn her head . 
 not kishmish , not tonight . 
 noting her sudden silence , zuzana asked , `` you okay ? '' 
 the flutter again , in a circle of lamplight in karou 's line of sight . 
 too far off to draw special attention to itself , but unmistakably kishmish . 
 damn . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' karou said , and she kept on resolutely in the direction of poison kitchen . 
 what was she supposed to do , smack her forehead and claim to have remembered an errand , after all that ? 
 she wondered what zuzana would say if she could see brimstone 's little beast messenger , his bat wings so bizarre on his feathered body . 
 being zuzana , she 'd probably want to make a marionette version of him . 
 `` how 's the puppet project coming ? '' 
 karou asked , trying to act normal . 
 zuzana brightened and started to tell her . 
 karou half listened , but she was distracted by her jumbled defiance and anxiety . 
 what would brimstone do if she did n't come ? 
 what could he do , come out and get her ? 
 she was aware of kishmish following , and as she ducked under the arch into the courtyard of poison kitchen , she gave him a pointed look as if to say , i see you . 
 and i 'm not coming . 
 he cocked his head at her , perplexed , and she left him there and went inside . 
 the cafe was crowded , though kaz , blessedly , was nowhere to be seen . 
 a mix of local laborers , backpackers , expat artist types , and students hung out at the coffins , the fume of their cigarettes so heavy the roman statues seemed to loom from a fog , ghoulish in their gas masks . 
 `` damn , '' said karou , seeing a trio of scruffy backpackers lounging at their favorite table . 
 `` pestilence is taken . '' 
 `` everything is taken , '' said zuzana . 
 `` stupid lonely planet book . 
 i want to go back in time and mug that damn travel writer at the end of the alley , make sure he never finds this place . '' 
 `` so violent . 
 you want to mug and tase everybody these days . '' 
 `` i do , '' zuzana agreed . 
 `` i swear i hate more people every day . 
 everyone annoys me . 
 if i 'm like this now , what am i going to be like when i 'm old ? '' 
 `` you 'll be the mean old biddy who fires a bb gun at kids from her balcony . '' 
 `` nah . 
 bbs just rile 'em up . 
 more like a crossbow . 
 or a bazooka . '' 
 `` you 're a brute . '' 
 zuzana dropped a curtsy , then took another frustrated look around at the crowded cafe . 
 `` suck . 
 want to go somewhere else ? '' 
 karou shook her head . 
 their hair was already soaked ; she did n't want to go back out . 
 she just wanted her favorite table in her favorite cafe . 
 in her jacket pocket , her fingers toyed with the store of shings from the week 's errands . 
 `` i think those guys are about to leave . '' 
 she nodded to the backpackers at pestilence . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' said zuzana . 
 `` they have full beers . '' 
 `` no , i think they are . '' 
 between karou 's fingers , one of the shings dematerialized . 
 a second later , the backpackers rose to their feet . 
 `` told you . '' 
 in her head , she fancied she heard brimstone 's commentary : evicting strangers from cafe tables : selfish . 
 `` weird , '' was zuzana 's response as the girls slipped behind the giant horse statue to claim their table . 
 looking bewildered , the backpackers left . 
 `` they were kind of cute , '' said zuzana . 
 `` oh ? 
 you want to call them back ? '' 
 `` as if . '' 
 they had a rule against backpacker boys , who blew through with the wind , and started to all look the same after a while , with their stubbly chins and wrinkled shirts . 
 `` i was simply making a diagnosis of cuteness . 
 plus , they looked kind of lost . 
 like puppies . '' 
 karou felt a pang of guilt . 
 what was she doing , defying brimstone , spending wishes on mean things like forcing innocent backpackers out into the rain ? 
 she flopped onto the couch . 
 her head ached , her hair was clammy , she was tired , and she could n't stop worrying about the wishmonger . 
 what would he say ? 
 the entire time she and zuzana were eating their goulash , her gaze kept straying to the door . 
 `` watching for someone ? '' 
 zuzana asked . 
 `` oh . 
 just ... just afraid kaz might turn up . '' 
 `` yeah , well , if he does , we can wrestle him into this coffin and nail it shut . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 they ordered tea , which came in an antique silver service , the sugar and creamer dishes engraved with the words arsenic and strychnine . 
 `` so , '' said karou , `` you 'll see violin boy tomorrow at the theater . 
 what 's your strategy ? '' 
 `` i have no strategy , '' said zuzana . 
 `` i just want to skip all this and get to the part where he 's my boyfriend . 
 not to mention , you know , the part where he 's aware i exist . '' 
 `` come on , you would n't really want to skip this part . '' 
 `` yes i would . '' 
 `` skip meeting him ? 
 the butterflies , the pounding heart , the blushing ? 
 the part where you enter each other 's magnetic fields for the first time , and it 's like invisible lines of energy are drawing you together - '' `` invisible lines of energy ? '' 
 zuzana repeated . 
 `` are you turning into one of those new age weirdos who wear crystals and read people 's auras ? '' 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 first date , holding hands , first kiss , all the smoldering and yearning ? '' 
 `` oh , karou , you poor little romantic . '' 
 `` hardly . 
 i was going to say the beginning is the good part , when it 's all sparks and sparkles , before they are inevitably unmasked as a ** holes . '' 
 zuzana grimaced . 
 `` they ca n't all be a ** holes , can they ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe not . 
 maybe just the pretty ones . '' 
 `` but he is pretty . 
 god , i hope he 's not an a ** hole . 
 do you think there 's any chance he 's both a non-orifice and single ? 
 i mean , seriously . 
 what are the chances ? '' 
 `` slim . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 zuzana slumped dramatically back and lay crumpled like a discarded marionette . 
 `` pavel likes you , you know , '' said karou . 
 `` he 's a certified non-orifice . '' 
 `` yes , well , pavel 's sweet , but he does not give of the butterflies . '' 
 `` the butterflies in the belly . '' 
 karou sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 you know what i think ? 
 i think the butterflies are always there in your belly , in everyone , all the time - '' `` like bacteria ? '' 
 `` no , not like bacteria , like butterflies , and some people 's butterflies react to other people 's , on a chemical level , like pheromones , so that when they 're nearby , your butterflies start to dance . 
 they ca n't help it-it 's chemical . '' 
 `` chemical . 
 now that 's romantic . '' 
 `` i know , right ? 
 stupid butterflies . '' 
 liking the idea , karou opened her sketchbook and started to draw it : cartoon intestines and a stomach crowded with butterflies . 
 papilio stomachus would be their latin name . 
 zuzana asked , `` so , if it 's all chemical and you have no say in the matter , does that mean jackass still makes your butterflies dance ? '' 
 karou looked up . 
 `` god no . 
 i think he makes my butterflies barf . '' 
 zuzana had just taken a sip of tea and her hand flew to her mouth in an effort to keep it in . 
 she laughed , doubled over , until she managed to swallow . 
 `` oh , gross . 
 your stomach is full of butterfly barf ! '' 
 karou laughed , too , and kept sketching . 
 `` actually , i think my stomach is full of dead butterflies . 
 kaz killed them . '' 
 she wrote , papilio stomachus : fragile creatures , vulnerable to frost and betrayal . 
 `` so what , '' said zuzana . 
 `` they had to be pretty stupid butterflies to fall for him anyway . 
 you 'll grow new ones with more sense . 
 new wise butterflies . '' 
 karou loved zuzana for her willingness to play out such silliness on a long kite string . 
 `` right . '' 
 she raised her teacup in a toast . 
 `` to a new generation of butterflies , hopefully less stupid than the last . '' 
 maybe they were burgeoning even now in fat little cocoons . 
 or maybe not . 
 it was hard to imagine feeling that magical tingling sensation in the pit of her belly anytime soon . 
 best not to worry about it , she thought . 
 she did n't need it . 
 well . 
 she did n't want to need it . 
 yearning for love made her feel like a cat that was always twining around ankles , meowing pet me , pet me , look at me , love me . 
 better to be the cat gazing coolly down from a high wall , its expression inscrutable . 
 the cat that shunned petting , that needed no one . 
 why could n't she be that cat ? 
 be that cat !!! 
 she wrote , drawing it into the corner of her page , cool and aloof . 
 karou wished she could be the kind of girl who was complete unto herself , comfortable in solitude , serene . 
 but she was n't . 
 she was lonely , and she feared the missingness within her as if it might expand and ... cancel her . 
 she craved a presence beside her , solid . 
 fingertips light at the nape of her neck and a voice meeting hers in the dark . 
 someone who would wait with an umbrella to walk her home in the rain , and smile like sunshine when he saw her coming . 
 who would dance with her on her balcony , keep his promises and know her secrets , and make a tiny world wherever he was , with just her and his arms and his whisper and her trust . 
 the door opened . 
 she looked in the mirror and suppressed a curse . 
 slipping in behind some tourists , that winged shadow was back again . 
 karou rose and made for the bathroom , where she took the note that kishmish had come to deliver . 
 again it bore a single word . 
 but this time the word was please . 
 11 please please ? 
 brimstone never said please . 
 hurrying across town , karou found herself more troubled than if the note had said something menacing , like : now , or else . 
 letting her in , issa was uncharacteristically silent . 
 `` what is it , issa ? 
 am i in trouble ? '' 
 `` hush . 
 just come in and try not to berate him today . '' 
 `` berate him ? '' 
 karou blinked . 
 she 'd have thought if anyone was in danger of being berated , it was herself . 
 `` you 're very hard on him sometimes , as if it 's not hard enough already . '' 
 `` as if what 's not hard enough ? '' 
 `` his life . 
 his work . 
 his life is work . 
 it 's joyless , it 's relentless , and sometimes you make it harder than it already is . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 karou was stunned . 
 `` did i just come in on the middle of a conversation , issa ? 
 i have no idea what you 're talking about - '' `` hush , i said . 
 i 'm just asking that you try to be kind , like when you were little . 
 you were such a joy to us all , karou . 
 i know it 's not easy for you , living this life , but try to remember , always try to remember , you 're not the only one with troubles . '' 
 and with that the inner door unsealed and karou stepped across the threshold . 
 she was confused , ready to defend herself , but when she saw brimstone , she forgot all that . 
 he was leaning heavily on his desk , his great head resting in one hand , while the other cupped the wishbone he wore around his neck . 
 kishmish hopped in agitation from one of his master 's horns to the other , uttering crickety chirrups of concern , and karou faltered to a halt . 
 `` are ... are you okay ? '' 
 it felt odd asking , and she realized that of all the questions she had barraged him with in her life , she had never asked him that . 
 she 'd never had reason to-he 'd scarcely ever shown a hint of emotion , let alone weakness or weariness . 
 he raised his head , released the wishbone , and said simply , `` you came . '' 
 he sounded surprised and , karou thought guiltily , relieved . 
 striving for lightness , she said , `` well , please is the magic word , you know . '' 
 `` i thought perhaps we had lost you . '' 
 `` lost me ? 
 you mean you thought i 'd died ? '' 
 `` no , karou . 
 i thought that you had taken your freedom . '' 
 `` my ... '' she trailed off . 
 taken her freedom ? 
 `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 `` i 've always imagined that one day the path of your life would unroll at your feet and carry you away from us . 
 as it should , as it must . 
 but i am glad that day is not today . '' 
 karou stood staring at him . 
 `` seriously ? 
 i blow off one errand and you think that 's it , i 'm gone forever ? 
 jesus . 
 what do you think of me , that you think i 'd just vanish like that ? '' 
 `` letting you go , karou , will be like opening the window for a butterfly . 
 one does not hope for the butterfly 's return . '' 
 `` i 'm not a freaking butterfly . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're human . 
 your place is in the human world . 
 your childhood is nearly over - '' `` so ... what ? 
 you do n't need me anymore ? '' 
 `` on the contrary . 
 i need you now more than ever . 
 as i said , i 'm glad that today is not the day you leave us . '' 
 this was all news to karou , that there would come a day when she would leave her chimaera family , that she even possessed the freedom to do so if she wished . 
 she did n't wish . 
 well , maybe she wished not to go on some of the creepier errands , but that did n't mean she was a butterfly fluttering against glass , trying to get out and away . 
 she did n't even know what to say . 
 brimstone pushed a wallet across the desk to her . 
 the errand . 
 she 'd almost forgotten why she was here . 
 angry , she grabbed the wallet and flipped it open . 
 dirhams . 
 morocco , then . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` izil ? '' 
 she asked , and brimstone nodded . 
 `` but it 's not time . '' 
 karou had a standing appointment with a graverobber in marrakesh the last sunday of every month , and this was friday , and a week early . 
 `` it is time , '' said brimstone . 
 he gestured to a tall apothecary jar on the shelf behind him . 
 karou knew it well ; usually it was full of human teeth . 
 now it stood nearly empty . 
 `` oh . '' 
 her gaze roved along the shelf , and she saw , to her surprise , that many of the jars were likewise dwindling . 
 she could n't remember a time when the tooth supply had been so low . 
 `` wow . 
 you 're really burning through teeth . 
 something going on ? '' 
 it was an inane question . 
 as if she could understand what it meant that he was using more teeth , when she did n't know what they were for to begin with . 
 `` see what izil has , '' brimstone said . 
 `` i 'd rather not send you anywhere else for human teeth , if it can be helped . '' 
 `` yeah , me , too . '' 
 karou ran her fingers lightly over the bullet scars on her belly , remembering st. petersburg , the errand gone horribly wrong . 
 human teeth , despite being in such abundant supply in the world , could be ... interesting ... to procure . 
 she would never forget the sight of those girls , still alive in the cargo hold , mouths bloody , other fates awaiting them next . 
 they may have gotten away . 
 when karou thought of them now , she always added a made-up ending , the way issa had taught her to do with nightmares so she could fall back to sleep . 
 she could only bear the memory if she believed she 'd given those girls time to escape their traffickers , and maybe she even had . 
 she 'd tried . 
 how strange it had been , being shot . 
 how unalarmed she 'd found herself , how quick to unsheathe her hidden knife and use it . 
 and use it . 
 and use it . 
 she had trained in fighting for years , but she had never before had to defend her life . 
 in the flash of a moment , she had discovered that she knew just what to do . 
 `` try the jemaa el-fna , '' brimstone said . 
 `` kishmish spotted izil there , but that was hours ago , when i first summoned you . 
 if you 're lucky , he might still be there . '' 
 and with that , he bent back over his tray of monkey teeth , and karou was apparently dismissed . 
 now there was the old brimstone , and she was glad . 
 this new creature who said `` please '' and talked about her like she was a butterfly-he was unsettling . 
 `` i 'll find him , '' karou said . 
 `` and i 'll be back soon , with my pockets full of human teeth . 
 ha . 
 i bet that sentence has n't been said anywhere else in the world today . '' 
 the wishmonger did n't respond , and karou hesitated in the vestibule . 
 `` brimstone , '' she said , looking back , `` i want you to know i would never just ... leave you . '' 
 when he raised his reptilian eyes , they were bleary with exhaustion . 
 `` you ca n't know what you will do , '' he said , and his hand went again to his wishbone . 
 `` i wo n't hold you to that . '' 
 issa closed the door , and even after karou stepped out into morocco , she could n't shake the image of him like that , and the uneasy feeling that something was terribly wrong . 
 12 something else entirely akiva saw her come out . 
 he was approaching the doorway , was just steps from it when it swung open , letting loose an acrid flood of magic that set his teeth on edge . 
 through the portal stepped a girl with hair the improbable color of lapis lazuli . 
 she did n't see him , seeming lost in thought as she hurried past . 
 he said nothing but stood looking after her as she moved away , the curve of the alley soon robbing him of the sight of her and her swaying blue hair . 
 he shook himself , turned back to the portal , and laid his hand on it . 
 the hiss of the scorch , his hand limned in smoke , and it was done : the last of the doorways that were his to mark . 
 in other quarters of the world , hazael and liraz would be finishing , too , and winging their way toward samarkand . 
 akiva was poised to spring skyward and begin the last leg of his journey , to meet them there before returning home , but a heartbeat passed , then another , and still he stood with his feet on the earth , looking in the direction the girl had gone . 
 without quite deciding to do it , he found himself following her . 
 how , he wondered , when he caught the lamp-lit shimmer of her hair up ahead , had a girl like that gotten mixed up with the chimaera ? 
 from what he 'd seen of brimstone 's other traders , they were rank brutes with dead eyes , stinking of the slaughterhouse . 
 but her ? 
 she was a shining beauty , lithe and vivid , though surely this was n't what intrigued him . 
 all of his own kind were beautiful , to such an extent that beauty was next to meaningless among them . 
 what , then , compelled him to follow her , when he should have taken at once to the sky , the mission so near completion ? 
 he could n't have said . 
 it was almost as if a whisper beckoned him onward . 
 the medina of marrakesh was labyrinthine , some three thousand blind alleys intertwined like a drawer full of snakes , but the girl seemed to know her route cold . 
 she paused once to run a finger over the weave of a textile , and akiva slowed his steps , veering off to one side so he could see her better . 
 there was a look of unguarded wistfulness on her pale , pretty face-a kind of lostness-but the moment the vendor spoke to her , it transmuted to a smile like light . 
 she answered easily , making the man laugh , and they bantered back and forth , her arabic rich and throaty , with an edge like a purr . 
 akiva watched her with hawklike fixedness . 
 until a few days ago , humans had been little more than legend to him , and now here he was in their world . 
 it was like stepping into the pages of a book-a book alive with color and fragrance , filth and chaos-and the blue-haired girl moved through it all like a fairy through a story , the light treating her differently than it did others , the air seeming to gather around her like held breath . 
 as if this whole place were a story about her . 
 who was she ? 
 he did n't know , but some intuition sang in him that , whoever she was , she was not just another of brimstone 's street-level grim reapers . 
 she was , he was sure , something else entirely . 
 his gaze unwavering , he prowled after her as she made her way through the medina . 
 13 the graverobber karou walked with her hands in her pockets , trying to shake her uneasiness about brimstone . 
 that stuff about `` taking her freedom '' - what was that about ? 
 it gave her a creeping sense of impending aloneness , like she was some orphaned animal raised by do-gooders , soon to be released into the wild . 
 she did n't want to be released into the wild . 
 she wanted to be held dear . 
 to belong to a place and a family , irrevocably . 
 `` magic healings here , miss lady , for the melancholy bowels , '' someone called out to her , and she could n't help smiling as she shook her head in demurral . 
 how about melancholy hearts ? 
 she thought . 
 was there a cure for that ? 
 probably . 
 there was real magic here among the quacks and touts . 
 she knew of a scribe dressed all in white who penned letters to the dead -lrb- and delivered them -rrb- , and an old storyteller who sold ideas to writers at the price of a year of their lives . 
 karou had seen tourists laugh as they signed his contract , not believing it for a second , but she believed it . 
 had n't she seen stranger things ? 
 as she made her way , the city began to distract her from her mood . 
 it was hard to be glum in such a place . 
 in some derbs , as the wending alleyways were called , the world seemed draped in carpets . 
 in others , freshly dyed silks dripped scarlet and cobalt on the heads of passersby . 
 languages crowded the air like exotic birds : arabic , french , the tribal tongues . 
 women chivvied children home to bed , and old men in tarboosh caps leaned together in doorways , smoking . 
 a trill of laughter , the scent of cinnamon and donkeys , and color , everywhere color . 
 karou made her way toward the jemaa el-fna , the square that was the city 's nerve center , a mad , teeming carnival of humanity : snake charmers and dancers , dusty barefoot boys , pickpockets , hapless tourists , and food stalls selling everything from orange juice to roasted sheep 's heads . 
 on some errands , karou could n't get back to the portal fast enough , but in marrakesh she liked to linger and wander , sip mint tea , sketch , browse through the souks for pointy slippers and silver bracelets . 
 she would not be lingering tonight , however . 
 brimstone was clearly anxious to have his teeth . 
 she thought again of the empty jars , and furious curiosity strummed at her mind . 
 what was it all about ? 
 what ? 
 she tried to stop wondering . 
 she was going to find the graverobber , after all , and izil was nothing if not a cautionary tale . 
 `` do n't be curious '' was one of brimstone 's prime rules , and izil had not obeyed it . 
 karou pitied him , because she understood him . 
 in her , too , curiosity was a perverse fire , stoked by any effort to extinguish it . 
 the more brimstone ignored her questions , the more she yearned to know . 
 and she had a lot of questions . 
 the teeth , of course : what the hell were they all for ? 
 what of the other door ? 
 where did it lead ? 
 what exactly were the chimaera , and where had they come from ? 
 were there more of them ? 
 and what about her ? 
 who were her parents , and how had she fallen into brimstone 's care ? 
 was she a fairy-tale cliche , like the firstborn child in `` rumpelstiltskin , '' the settlement of some debt ? 
 or perhaps her mother had been a trader strangled by her serpent collar , leaving a baby squalling on the floor of the shop . 
 karou had thought of a hundred scenarios , but the truth remained a mystery . 
 was there another life she was meant to be living ? 
 at times she felt a keen certainty that there was-a phantom life , taunting her from just out of reach . 
 a sense would come over her while she was drawing or walking , and once when she was dancing slow and close with kaz , that she was supposed to be doing something else with her hands , with her legs , with her body . 
 something else . 
 something else . 
 something else . 
 but what ? 
 she reached the square and wandered through the chaos , her movements synchronizing themselves to the rhythms of mystical gnawa music as she dodged motorbikes and acrobats . 
 billows of grilled-meat smoke gusted thick as houses on fire , teenage boys whispered `` hashish , '' and costumed water-sellers clamored `` photo ! 
 photo ! '' 
 at a distance , she spotted the hunchback shape of izil among the henna artists and street dentists . 
 seeing him at one-month intervals was like watching a time-lapse of decline . 
 when karou was a child , he was a doctor and a scholar-a straight and genteel man with mild brown eyes and a silky mustache he preened like plumage . 
 he had come to the shop himself and done business at brimstone 's desk , and , unlike the other traders , he always made it seem like a social call . 
 he flirted with issa , brought her little gifts-snakes carved from seedpods , jade-drop earrings , almonds . 
 he brought dolls for karou , and a tiny silver tea service for them , and he did n't neglect brimstone , either , casually leaving chocolates or jars of honey on the desk when he left . 
 but that was before he 'd been warped by the weight of a terrible choice he 'd made , bent and twisted and driven mad . 
 he was n't welcome in the shop anymore , so karou came out to meet him here . 
 seeing him now , tender pity overcame her . 
 he was bent nearly double , his gnarled olivewood walking stick all that kept him from collapsing on his face . 
 his eyes were sunk in bruises , and his teeth , which were not his own , were overlarge in his shrunken face . 
 the mustache that had been his pride hung lank and tangled . 
 any passerby would be taken with pity , but to karou , who knew how he had looked only a few years earlier , he was a tragedy to behold . 
 his face lit up when he saw her . 
 `` look who it is ! 
 the wishmonger 's beautiful daughter , sweet ambassadress of teeth . 
 have you come to buy a sad old man a cup of tea ? '' 
 `` hello , izil . 
 a cup of tea sounds perfect , '' she said , and led him to the cafe where they usually met . 
 `` my dear , has the month passed me by ? 
 i 'm afraid i 'd quite forgotten our appointment . '' 
 `` oh , you have n't . 
 i 've come early . '' 
 `` ah , well , it 's always a pleasure to see you , but i have n't got much for the old devil , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` but you have some ? '' 
 `` some . '' 
 unlike most of the other traders , izil neither hunted nor murdered ; he did n't kill at all . 
 before , as a doctor working in conflict zones , he 'd had access to war dead whose teeth would n't be missed . 
 now that madness had lost him his livelihood , he had to dig up graves . 
 quite abruptly , he snapped , `` hush , thing ! 
 behave , and then we 'll see . '' 
 karou knew he was not speaking to her , and politely pretended not to have heard . 
 they reached the cafe . 
 when izil dropped into his chair , it strained and groaned , its legs bowing as if beneath a weight far greater than this one wasted man . 
 `` so , '' he asked , settling in , `` how are my old friends ? 
 issa ? '' 
 `` she 's well . '' 
 `` i do so miss her face . 
 do you have any new drawings of her ? '' 
 karou did , and she showed them to him . 
 `` beautiful . '' 
 he traced issa 's cheek with his fingertip . 
 `` so beautiful . 
 the subject and the work . 
 you are very talented , my dear . '' 
 seeing the episode with the somali poacher , he snorted , `` fools . 
 what brimstone has to endure , dealing with humans . '' 
 karou 's eyebrows went up . 
 `` come on , their problem is n't that they 're human . 
 it 's that they 're subhuman . '' 
 `` true enough . 
 every race has its bad seeds , one supposes . 
 is n't that right , beast of mine ? '' 
 this last bit he said over his shoulder , and this time a soft response seemed to emanate from the air . 
 karou could n't help herself . 
 she glanced at the ground , where izil 's shadow was cast crisp across the tiles . 
 it seemed impolite to peek , as if izil 's ... condition ... ought to be ignored , like a lazy eye or birthmark . 
 his shadow revealed what looking at him directly did not . 
 shadows told the truth , and izil 's told that a creature clung to his back , invisible to the eye . 
 it was a hulking , barrel-chested thing , its arms clenched tight around his neck . 
 this was what curiosity had gotten him : the thing was riding him like a mule . 
 karou did n't understand how it had come about ; she only knew that izil had made a wish for knowledge , and this had been the form of its fulfillment . 
 brimstone warned her that powerful wishes could go powerfully awry , and here was the evidence . 
 she supposed that the invisible thing , who was called razgut , had held the secrets izil had hungered to know . 
 whatever they were , surely this price was far too high . 
 razgut was talking . 
 karou could make out only the faintest whisper , and a sound like a soft smack of fleshy lips . 
 `` no , '' izil said . 
 `` i will not ask her that . 
 she 'll only say no . '' 
 karou watched , repelled , as izil argued with the thing , which she could see only in shadow . 
 finally the graverobber said , `` all right , all right , hush ! 
 i 'll ask . '' 
 then he turned to karou and said , apologetically , `` he just wants a taste . 
 just a tiny taste . '' 
 `` a taste ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 their tea had not yet arrived . 
 `` of what ? '' 
 `` of you , wish-daughter . 
 just a lick . 
 he promises not to bite . '' 
 karou 's stomach turned . 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 `` i told you , '' izil muttered . 
 `` now will you be quiet , please ? '' 
 a low hiss came in response . 
 a waiter in a white djellaba came and poured mint tea , raising the pot to head height and expertly aiming the long stream of tea into etched glasses . 
 karou , eyeing the hollows of the graverobber 's cheeks , ordered pastries , too , and she let him eat and drink for a while before asking , `` so , what have you got ? '' 
 he dug into his pockets and produced a fistful of teeth , which he dropped on the table . 
 watching from the shadow of a nearby doorway , akiva straightened up . 
 all went still and silent around him , and he saw nothing but those teeth , and the girl sorting through them in just the way he knew the old beast sorcerer did . 
 teeth . 
 how harmless they looked on that tabletop-just tiny , dirty things , plundered from the dead . 
 and if they stayed in this world where they belonged , that was all they 'd ever be . 
 in brimstone 's hands , though , they became so much more than that . 
 it was akiva 's mission to end this foul trade , and with it , the devil 's dark magic . 
 he watched as the girl inspected the teeth with what was clearly a practiced hand , as if she did this all the time . 
 mixed with his disgust was something like disappointment . 
 she had seemed too clean for this business , but apparently she was not . 
 he 'd been right , though , in his guess that she was no mere trader . 
 she was more than that , sitting there doing brimstone 's work . 
 but what ? 
 `` god , izil , '' said karou . 
 `` these are nasty . 
 did you bring them straight from the cemetery ? '' 
 `` mass grave . 
 it was hidden , but razgut sniffed it out . 
 he can always find the dead . '' 
 `` what a talent . '' 
 karou got a chill , imagining razgut leering at her , hoping for a taste . 
 she turned her attention to the teeth . 
 scraps of dried flesh clung to their roots , along with the dirt they 'd been exhumed from . 
 even through the filth , it was easy to see that they were not of high quality , but were the teeth of a people who had gnawed at tough food , smoked pipes , and been unacquainted with toothpaste . 
 she scooped them off the table and dropped them into the dregs of her tea , swishing it around before dumping it out in a sodden pile of mint leaves and teeth , now only slightly less filthy . 
 one by one , she picked them up . 
 incisors , molars , canines , adult and child alike . 
 `` izil . 
 you know brimstone does n't take baby teeth . '' 
 `` you do n't know everything , girl , '' he snapped . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` sometimes he does . 
 once . 
 once he wanted some . '' 
 karou did n't believe him . 
 brimstone strictly did not buy immature teeth , not animal , not human , but she saw no point in arguing . 
 `` well '' - she pushed the tiny teeth aside and tried not to think about small corpses in mass graves - `` he did n't ask for any , so i 'll have to pass . '' 
 she held each of the adult teeth , listening to what their hum told her , and sorted them into two piles . 
 izil watched anxiously , his gaze darting from one pile to the other . 
 `` they chewed too much , did n't they ? 
 greedy gypsies ! 
 they kept chewing after they were dead . 
 no manners . 
 no table manners at all . '' 
 most of the teeth were worn blunt , riddled with decay , and no good to brimstone . 
 by the time karou was through sorting , one pile was larger than the other , but izil did n't know which was which . 
 he pointed hopefully to the larger pile . 
 she shook her head and fished some dirham notes out of the wallet brimstone had given her . 
 it was an overly generous payment for these sorry few teeth , but it was still not what izil was hoping for . 
 `` so much digging , '' he moaned . 
 `` and for what ? 
 paper with pictures of the dead king ? 
 always the dead staring at me . '' 
 his voice dropped . 
 `` i ca n't keep it up , karou . 
 i 'm broken . 
 i can barely hold a shovel anymore . 
 i scrabble at the hard earth , digging like a dog . 
 i 'm through . '' 
 pity hit her hard . 
 `` surely there are other ways to live - '' `` no . 
 only death remains . 
 one should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly . 
 nietzsche said that , you know . 
 wise man . 
 large mustache . '' 
 he tugged at his own bedraggled mustache and attempted a smile . 
 `` izil , you ca n't mean you want to die . '' 
 `` if only there was a way to be free ... '' `` is n't there ? '' 
 she asked earnestly . 
 `` there must be something you can do . '' 
 his fingers twitched , fidgeting with his mustache . 
 `` i do n't like to think of it , my dear , but ... there is a way , if you would help me . 
 you 're the only one i know who 's brave enough and good enough-ow ! '' 
 his hand flew to his ear , and karou saw blood seep through his fingers . 
 she shrank back . 
 razgut must have bitten him . 
 `` i 'll ask her if i want , monster ! '' 
 cried the graverobber . 
 `` yes , you are a monster ! 
 i do n't care what you once were . 
 you 're a monster now ! '' 
 a peculiar tussle ensued ; it looked as if the old man were wrestling with himself . 
 the waiter flapped nearby , agitated , and karou scraped her chair back clear of flailing limbs both visible and invisible . 
 `` stop it . 
 stop ! '' 
 izil cried , wild-eyed . 
 he braced himself , raised his walking stick , and brought it back hard against his own shoulder and the thing that perched there . 
 again and again he struck , seeming to smite himself , and then he let out a shriek and fell to his knees . 
 his walking stick clattered away as both hands flew to his neck . 
 blood was wicking into the collar of his djellaba-the thing must have bitten him again . 
 the misery on his face was more than karou could bear and , without stopping to consider , she dropped to his side , taking his elbow to help him up . 
 a mistake . 
 at once she felt it on her neck : a slithering touch . 
 revulsion juddered through her . 
 it was a tongue . 
 razgut had gotten his taste . 
 she heard a loathsome gobbling sound as she lurched away , leaving the graverobber on his knees . 
 that was enough for her . 
 she gathered up the teeth and her sketchbook . 
 `` wait , please , '' izil cried . 
 `` karou . 
 please . '' 
 his plea was so desperate that she hesitated . 
 scrabbling , he dug something from his pocket and held it out . 
 a pair of pliers . 
 they looked rusted , but karou knew it was n't rust . 
 these were the tools of his trade , and they were covered in the residue of dead mouths . 
 `` please , my dear , '' he said . 
 `` there is n't anyone else . '' 
 she understood at once what he meant and took a step back in shock . 
 `` no , izil ! 
 god . 
 the answer is no . '' 
 `` a bruxis would save me ! 
 i ca n't save myself . 
 i 've already used mine . 
 it would take another bruxis to undo my fool wish . 
 you could wish him off me . 
 please . 
 please ! '' 
 a bruxis . 
 that was the one wish more powerful than a gavriel , and its trade value was singular : the only way to purchase one was with one 's own teeth . 
 all of them , self-extracted . 
 the thought of pulling her own teeth out one by one made karou feel woozy . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' she whispered , appalled that he would even ask it . 
 but then , he was a madman , and right now he certainly looked it . 
 she retreated . 
 `` i would n't ask , you know i would n't , but it 's the only way ! '' 
 karou walked rapidly away , head down , and she would have kept walking and not looked back but for a cry that erupted behind her . 
 it burst from the chaos of the jemaa el-fna and instantly dwarfed all other noise . 
 it was some mad kind of keening , a high , thin river of sound unlike anything she had ever heard . 
 it was definitely not izil . 
 unearthly , the wail rose , wavering and violent , to break like a wave and become language-susurrous , without hard consonants . 
 the modulations suggested words , but the language was alien even to karou , who had more than twenty in her collection . 
 she turned , seeing as she did that the people around her were turning , too , craning their necks , and that their expressions of alarm were turning to horror when they perceived the source of the sound . 
 then she saw it , too . 
 the thing on izil 's back was invisible no more . 
 14 deadly bird of the soul if the language was alien to karou , it was not so to akiva . 
 `` seraph , i see you ! '' 
 rang the voice . 
 `` i know you ! 
 brother , brother , i have served my sentence . 
 i will do anything ! 
 i have repented , i have been punished enough - '' akiva stared in blank incomprehension at the thing that materialized on the old man 's back . 
 it was all but nak * d , a bloated torso with reedy arms wrapped tight around the human 's neck . 
 useless legs dangled behind , and its head was swollen taut and purple , as if it were engorged with blood and ready to pop in a great , wet burst . 
 it was hideous . 
 that it should speak the language of the seraphim was an abomination . 
 the absolute wrongness of it held akiva immobile , staring , before the amazement at hearing his own language turned to shock at what was being said in it . 
 `` they tore off my wings , my brother ! '' 
 the thing was staring at akiva . 
 it unwound one arm from the old man 's neck and reached toward him , imploring . 
 `` twisted my legs so i would have to crawl , like the insects of the earth ! 
 it has been a thousand years since i was cast out , a thousand years of torment , but now you 've come , you 've come to take me home ! '' 
 home ? 
 no . 
 it was impossible . 
 people were shrinking away from the sight of the creature . 
 others had turned , following the direction of its supplication to fix their eyes on akiva . 
 he became aware of their notice and swept the crowd with his burning gaze . 
 some fell back , murmuring prayers . 
 and then his eyes came to rest on the blue-haired girl , some twenty yards distant . 
 she was a calm , shining figure in the moiling crowd . 
 and she was staring back . 
 into kohl-rimmed eyes in a sun-bronzed face . 
 fire-colored eyes with a charge like sparks that seared a path through the air and kindled it . 
 it gave karou a jolt-no mere startle but a chain reaction that lashed through her body with a rush of adrenaline . 
 her limbs came into the lightness and power of sudden awakening , fight or flight , chemical and wild . 
 who ? 
 she thought , her mind racing to catch up to the fervor in her body . 
 and : what ? 
 because clearly he was not human , the man standing amid the tumult in absolute stillness . 
 a pulse beat in the palms of her hands and she curled them into fists , feeling a wild hum in her blood . 
 enemy . 
 enemy . 
 enemy . 
 the knowledge pounded through her on the rhythm of her heartbeat : the fire-eyed stranger was the enemy . 
 his face-oh , beauty , he was perfect , he was mythic-was absolutely cold . 
 she was caught between the urge to flee and the fear of turning her back on him . 
 it was izil who decided her . 
 `` malak ! '' 
 he screamed , pointing at the man . 
 `` malak ! '' 
 angel . 
 angel ? 
 `` i know you , deadly bird of the soul ! 
 i know what you are ! '' 
 izil turned to karou and said urgently , `` karou , wish-daughter , you must get to brimstone . 
 tell him the seraphim are here . 
 they 've gotten back in . 
 you must warn him ! 
 run , child . 
 run ! '' 
 and run she did . 
 across the jemaa el-fna , where those attempting to flee were being hampered by those drawn to the commotion . 
 she shouldered her way through them , knocked someone aside , spun off a camel 's flank and leapt over a coiled cobra , which struck out at her , defanged and harmless . 
 hazarding a glance over her shoulder , she could see no sign of pursuit-no sign of him-but she felt it . 
 a thrill along every nerve ending . 
 her body , alert and alive . 
 she was hunted , she was prey , and she did n't even have her knife tucked into her boot , little thinking she 'd need it on a visit to the graverobber . 
 she ran , leaving the square by one of the many alleys that fed into it like tributaries . 
 the crowds in the souks had thinned and many lights had been snuffed , and she raced in and out of pools of darkness , her stride long and measured and light , her footfall nearly silent . 
 she took turns wide to avoid collisions , glanced behind again and again and saw no one . 
 angel . 
 the word kept sounding in her mind . 
 she was nearing the portal-just one more turn , the length of another blind alley , and she would be there , if she made it that far . 
 rushing from above . 
 heat and the bass whumph of wingbeats . 
 overhead , darkness massed where a shape blotted out the moon . 
 something was hurtling down at karou on huge , impossible wings . 
 heat and wingbeats and the skirr of air parted by a blade . 
 a blade . 
 she leapt aside , felt steel bite her shoulder as she slammed into a carved door , splintering slats . 
 she seized one , a jagged spear of wood , and spun to face her attacker . 
 he stood a mere body 's length away , the point of his sword resting on the ground . 
 oh , thought karou , staring at him . 
 oh . 
 angel indeed . 
 he stood revealed . 
 the blade of his long sword gleamed white from the incandescence of his wings-vast shimmering wings , their reach so great they swept the walls on either side of the alley , each feather like the wind-tugged lick of a candle flame . 
 those eyes . 
 his gaze was like a lit fuse , scorching the air between them . 
 he was the most beautiful thing karou had ever seen . 
 her first thought , incongruous but overpowering , was to memorize him so she could draw him later . 
 her second thought was that there was n't going to be a later , because he was going to kill her . 
 he came at her so fast that his wings painted blurs of light on the air , and even as karou leapt aside again she was seeing his fiery imprint seared into her vision . 
 his sword bit her again , her arm this time , but she twisted clear of a killing thrust . 
 she was quick . 
 she kept space around her ; he tried to close it , and she danced clear , lissome , fluid . 
 their eyes met again , and karou saw past his shocking beauty to the inhumanity there , the absolute absence of mercy . 
 he attacked again . 
 as quick as karou was , she could n't get clear of the reach of his sword . 
 a strike aimed at her throat glanced off her scapula instead . 
 there was no pain-that would come later , unless she was dead-only spreading heat that she knew was blood . 
 another strike , and she parried it with her slat of wood , which split like kindling , half of it falling away so she held a mere dagger 's length of old wood , a ridiculous excuse for a weapon . 
 yet when the angel came at her again she dodged in close to him and thrust , felt the wood catch flesh and sink in . 
 karou had stabbed men before , and she hated it , the gruesome feeling of penetrating living flesh . 
 she pulled back , leaving her makeshift weapon in his side . 
 his face registered neither pain nor surprise . 
 it was , karou thought as he closed in , a dead face . 
 or rather , the living face of a dead soul . 
 it was utterly terrifying . 
 he had her cornered now , and they both knew she would n't get away . 
 she was vaguely aware of shouts of amazement and fear up the alley and from windows , but all of her focus was on the angel . 
 what did it even mean , angel ? 
 what had izil said ? 
 the seraphim are here . 
 she 'd heard the word before ; seraphim were some high order of angels , at least according to the christian mythos , for which brimstone had utter contempt , as he did for all religion . 
 `` humans have gotten glimpses of things over time , '' he 'd said . 
 `` just enough to make the rest up . 
 it 's all a quilt of fairy tales with a patch here and there of truth . '' 
 `` so what 's real ? '' 
 she 'd wanted to know . 
 `` if you can kill it , or it can kill you , it 's real . '' 
 by that definition , this angel was real enough . 
 he raised his sword , and she just watched him do it , her attention catching for a moment on the bars of black ink tattooed across his fingers-they were fleetingly familiar but then not , the feeling gone as soon as it registered-and she just stared up at her killer and wondered numbly why . 
 it seemed impossible that this was the final moment of her life . 
 she cocked her head to the side , desperately searching his features for some hint of ... soul ... and then , she saw it . 
 he hesitated . 
 only for a split second did his mask slip , but karou saw some urgent pathos surface , a wave of feeling that softened his rigid and ridiculously perfect features . 
 his jaw unclenched , his lips parted , his brow furrowed in an instant of confusion . 
 at the same moment , she became aware of the pulse in her palms that had made her curl her hands into fists at her first sight of him . 
 it thrummed there still , a pent-up energy , and she was jolted by the certainty that it emanated from her tattoos . 
 an impulse overcame her to throw up her hands , and she did , not in cringing surrender , but with palms powerfully outthrust , inked with the eyes she 'd worn all her life without ever knowing why . 
 and something happened . 
 it was like a detonation-a sharp intake , all air sucked into a tight core and then expelled . 
 it was silent , lightless-to the gape-jawed witnesses it was nothing at all , just a girl throwing up her hands-but karou felt it , and the angel did , too . 
 his eyes went wide with recognition in the instant before he was flung back with devastating force to hit a wall some twenty feet behind him . 
 he crumpled to the ground , wings askew , sword skittering away . 
 karou scrambled to her feet . 
 the angel was n't moving . 
 she spun and sprinted away . 
 whatever had happened , a silence had risen from it , and it followed her . 
 she could hear only her own breathing , weirdly amplified like she was in a tunnel . 
 she rounded the bend in the alley at speed , skidding on her heel to avoid a donkey standing stubborn in the middle of the lane . 
 the portal was in sight , a plain door in a row of plain doors , but something was different about it now . 
 a large black handprint was burned into the wood . 
 karou flung herself at it , hammering with her fists in a frenzy such as she had never unleashed on a portal before . 
 `` issa ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` let me in ! '' 
 a long , awful moment , karou looking back over her shoulder , and then the door finally swung open . 
 she started to dart forward , then let out a choked cry . 
 it was not issa or the vestibule , but a moroccan woman with a broom . 
 oh no . 
 the woman 's eyes narrowed and she opened her mouth to scold , but karou did n't wait . 
 she pushed her back inside and shoved the door closed , staying outside . 
 frantically she knocked again . 
 `` issa ! '' 
 she could hear the woman shouting and feel her trying to push the door open . 
 karou swore and held it shut . 
 if it was open , the magic of the portal could n't connect . 
 in arabic she hollered , `` get away from the door ! '' 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 there was a commotion in the street , arms waving , people shouting . 
 the donkey stood unimpressed . 
 no angel . 
 had she killed him ? 
 no . 
 whatever had happened , she knew he was n't dead . 
 he would come . 
 she pounded on the door again . 
 `` issa , brimstone , please ! '' 
 nothing but irate arabic . 
 karou held the door closed with her foot and kept pounding . 
 `` issa ! 
 he 's going to kill me ! 
 issa ! 
 let me in ! '' 
 what was taking so long ? 
 seconds hung like scuppies on a string , vanishing one after another . 
 the door was jumping against her foot , someone trying to force it open-could it be issa ? 
 - and then she felt a draft of heat at her back . 
 she did n't hesitate this time but turned , jamming her back up against the door to hold it closed , and raised her hands as if to let her tattoos see . 
 there was no detonation this time , only a crackling of energy that raised her hair like medusa 's serpents . 
 the angel was stalking toward her , head lowered so he was looking at her from the tops of his burning eyes . 
 he did n't move with ease , but as if against a wind . 
 whatever power in karou 's tattoos had hurled him against that wall , it hindered him now but did n't stop him . 
 his hands were fists at his sides , and his face was ferocious , set to endure pain . 
 he stopped a few paces away and looked at her , really looked at her , his eyes no longer dead but roving over her face and neck , drawn back to her hamsas , and again to her face . 
 back and forth , as if something did n't add up . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked , and she almost did n't recognize the language he spoke as chimaera , it sounded so soft on his tongue . 
 who was she ? 
 `` do n't you usually find that out before you try to kill someone ? '' 
 at her back , a renewed pressure at the door . 
 if it was n't issa , she was finished . 
 the angel came a step closer , and karou moved aside so the door burst open . 
 `` karou ! '' 
 issa 's voice , sharp . 
 and she spun and leapt through the portal , pulling it shut behind her . 
 akiva lunged after her and yanked it back open , only to come face-to-face with a hollering woman who blanched and dropped her broom at his feet . 
 the girl was already gone . 
 he stood there a moment , all but unaware of the madness around him . 
 his thoughts were spinning . 
 the girl would warn brimstone . 
 he should have stopped her , could easily have killed her . 
 instead he 'd struck slowly , giving her time to spin clear , dance free . 
 why ? 
 it was simple . 
 he 'd wanted to look at her . 
 fool . 
 and what had he seen , or thought he 'd seen ? 
 some glimpse of a past that could never come again-the phantom of the girl who had taught him mercy , long ago , only to have her own fate undo all her gentle teaching ? 
 he 'd thought every spark of mercy was dead in him now , but he had n't been able to kill the girl . 
 and then , the unexpected : the hamsas . 
 a human marked with the devil 's eyes ! 
 why ? 
 there was only one possible answer , as plain as it was disturbing . 
 that she was not , in fact , human . 
 15 the other door in the vestibule , karou fell to her knees . 
 breathing hard , she leaned into the coil of issa 's serpent body . 
 `` karou ! '' 
 issa gathered her into an embrace that left them both sticky with blood . 
 `` what happened ? 
 who did this to you ? '' 
 `` you did n't see him ? '' 
 karou was dazed . 
 `` see who ? '' 
 `` the angel ... '' issa 's reaction was profound . 
 she reared back like a serpent ready to strike and hissed , `` angel ? 
 `` all her snakes-in her hair , around her waist and shoulders-writhed along with her , hissing . 
 karou cried out , her wounds wrenched by the violent motion . 
 `` oh , my dear , my sweet girl . 
 forgive me . '' 
 issa softened again , cradling karou like a child . 
 `` what do you mean , angel ? 
 surely not - '' karou blinked up at her . 
 shadows were closing in . 
 `` why did he want to kill me ? '' 
 `` darling , darling , '' issa fretted . 
 she pulled away karou 's sword-slashed coat and scarf to see her wounds , but the blood was heavy and still flowing , and the light in the vestibule was dim . 
 `` so much blood ! '' 
 karou felt as if the walls were swinging in a slow arc around her . 
 she was waiting for the inner door to unseal , but it did n't . 
 `` ca n't we go in ? '' 
 her voice was faint . 
 `` i want brimstone . '' 
 she remembered how he 'd picked her up and held her when she came in bleeding from st. petersburg . 
 how she 'd felt perfect trust and calm , knowing he would fix her . 
 and he had , and would again ... issa bunched up karou 's blood-soaked scarf and tried to stanch her wounds . 
 `` he 's not here right now , sweet girl . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` he ... he ca n't be disturbed . '' 
 karou whimpered . 
 she wanted brimstone . 
 needed him . 
 she said , `` disturb him , '' and then she was losing herself , drifting . 
 falling . 
 issa 's voice , far away . 
 and then nothing . 
 by and by , flickering images like badly spliced film : issa 's eyes and yasri 's , close , anxious . 
 soft hands , cool water . 
 dreams : izil and the thing on his back , its bloated face the brown-purple of bruised fruit , and the angel staring straight at karou like he could ignite her with his eyes . 
 issa 's voice , hushed and secretive . 
 `` what can it mean , that they are in the human world ? '' 
 yasri . 
 `` they must have found a way back in . 
 it took them long enough , for all their high opinion of themselves . '' 
 this was not part of the dream . 
 karou had come back into consciousness like swimming to a distant shore-effortfully-and she lay silent , listening . 
 she was on her childhood cot in the back of the shop ; she knew that without opening her eyes . 
 her wounds stung , and the smell of healing salve was pungent in the air . 
 the two chimaera stood at the end of the aisle of bookcases , whispering . 
 `` but why attack karou ? '' 
 issa hissed . 
 yasri . 
 `` you do n't think ... ? 
 they could n't know about her . '' 
 issa . 
 `` of course not . 
 do n't be ridiculous . '' 
 `` no , no , of course not . '' 
 yasri sighed . 
 `` oh , i wish brimstone would come back . 
 do you think we should go and get him ? '' 
 `` you know he ca n't be interrupted . 
 but it should n't be long now . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 after a fraught pause , issa ventured , `` he 'll be very angry . '' 
 `` yes , '' agreed yasri , a tremor of fear in her voice . 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 karou felt the two chimaera looking at her and tried her best to appear unconscious . 
 it was n't hard . 
 she felt sluggish , and pain blossomed across her chest , arm , and collarbone . 
 slash wounds to keep her bullet scars company . 
 she was thirsty , and knew she had only to let out a murmur for yasri to scurry toward her with water and a soothing hand , but she kept silent . 
 there was too much to think about . 
 yasri had said , `` they could n't know about her . '' 
 know what ? 
 it was maddening , this secrecy . 
 she wanted to sit up and scream , `` who am i ? '' 
 but she did n't . 
 she feigned sleep , because there was something else nudging at her thoughts . 
 brimstone was n't here . 
 he was always here . 
 she had never before been granted admittance to the shop in his absence , and only the extraordinary circumstance of her nearly dying accounted for this breach . 
 this opportunity . 
 karou waited until she heard yasri and issa moving away , peering through her lashes to be certain they had gone . 
 she knew that as soon as she shifted her weight to stand the springs of the cot would creak and give her away , so she reached for the strand of scuppies around her wrist . 
 yet another use for nearly useless wishes : to silence creaking bedsprings . 
 she stood and steadied herself , head spinning , wounds burning , without making a sound . 
 yasri and issa had taken her boots off , along with her coat and sweater , so she was wearing only bandages and a blood-streaked camisole and jeans . 
 she went barefoot around a pair of cabinets and under hanging strings of camel and giraffe teeth , then paused , listened , and peered out into the shop . 
 brimstone 's desk was dark , and so was twiga 's , no lanterns lit for the hummingbird-moths to flutter to . 
 issa and yasri were in the kitchen , out of sight , and the whole shop was cast in gloom , which made the other door stand out all the more , a crack of light giving away its edge . 
 for the first time in karou 's life , it was ajar . 
 heart pounding , she approached it . 
 she paused for a beat with her hand on the knob , then eased the door open a fraction and peered through it . 
 16 fallen akiva found izil cowering behind a garbage pile in the jemaa el-fna , his creature still clinging to his back . 
 a half circle of frightened humans crowded in on them , menacing , but when akiva dropped from the sky in an explosion of sparks , they fled in all directions , squealing like slapped pigs . 
 the creature reached out to akiva . 
 `` my brother , '' it crooned . 
 `` i knew you 'd come back for me . '' 
 akiva 's jaw clenched . 
 he forced himself to look at the thing . 
 bloated as its face was , its features held an echo of long-ago beauty : almond eyes , a fine , high-bridged nose , and sensuous lips that were perverse on such a wretched face . 
 but the key to its true nature was at its back . 
 from its shoulder blades protruded the splintered remnants of wing joints . 
 incredibly , this thing was a seraph . 
 it could only be one of the fallen . 
 akiva knew the story as legend and had never wondered whether it was true , not until this moment , faced with the proof of it . 
 that there were seraphim , exiled in another age for treason and collaborating with the enemy , cast into the human world forever . 
 well , here was one of them , and indeed , he had fallen far from what he once had been . 
 time had curved his spine , and his flesh , pulled taut , seemed to snag on every ridge of vertebrae . 
 his legs dangled uselessly behind him-that was not the work of time , but of violence . 
 they had been pulverized with cruel purpose , that he should never walk again . 
 as if it were not punishment enough that his wings were torn away-not even cut , but torn-his legs were destroyed , too , leaving him a crawling thing on the surface of an alien world . 
 a thousand years he had lived like this , and he was beside himself with joy to see akiva . 
 izil was not so happy . 
 he cowered against the stinking mound of refuse , more afraid of akiva than he had been of the mob . 
 while razgut gibbered , `` my brother , my brother , '' in an ecstatic chant , the old man shook with a palsy and tried to back away , but there was nowhere for him to go . 
 akiva loomed over him , the brilliance of his unglamoured wings lighting the scene like daylight . 
 razgut reached longingly toward akiva . 
 `` my sentence is up , and you 've come to bring me back . 
 that 's it , is n't it , my brother ? 
 you 're going to take me home and make me whole again , so i can walk . 
 so i can fly - '' `` this has nothing to do with you , '' said akiva . 
 `` what ... what do you want ? '' 
 izil choked out in the language of the seraphim , which he had learned from razgut . 
 `` the girl , '' akiva said . 
 `` i want you to tell me about the girl . '' 
 17 world apart on the far side of the other door , karou discovered a passage of dull black stone . 
 peering out , she could see that the corridor went on for some ten feet before turning out of sight . 
 just before it did , there was a window-a narrow , barred niche at the wrong angle for her to see through from where she stood . 
 white light washed in , painting rectangles across the floor . 
 moonlight , karou thought , and she wondered what landscape she would see if she crept over and looked out . 
 where was this place ? 
 like the shop 's front door , did this rear one open onto myriad cities , or was this something else altogether , some depth of brimstone 's elsewhere that she could n't begin to fathom ? 
 a few steps and she might know that , if nothing else . 
 but did she dare ? 
 she listened hard . 
 there were sounds but they seemed far away , echoing calls in the night . 
 the passage itself was silent . 
 so she did it . 
 she prowled out . 
 quick silent steps , high on the balls of her bare feet , and she was over to the window . 
 peering through its heavy iron bars . 
 seeing what was there . 
 her facial muscles , tense with anxiety , abruptly slackened with the onset of total awe , and her jaw actually dropped . 
 it was a second before she realized it and snapped it closed , wincing when the sharp report of her teeth broke the silence . 
 she leaned forward , taking in the scene before and below her . 
 wherever this was , she was sure of one thing : it was not her world . 
 in the sky were two moons . 
 that was the first thing . 
 two moons . 
 neither was full . 
 one was a radiant half disc high overhead , the other a pale crescent just rising to clear a crust of mountain . 
 as for the landscape they illuminated , she saw she was in a vast fortress . 
 huge , bermed defensive walls met at hexagonal bastions ; a generous town was laid out in the center of it all , and crenellated towers-in one of which , karou gauged by her high vantage point , she must be-reared above it all , with the silhouettes of guards pacing at their peaks . 
 but for the moons , it might have been a fortified town of old europe . 
 it was the bars that made it something else . 
 extraordinarily , the city was banded over by iron bars . 
 she 'd never seen anything like it . 
 they arched over the whole of the place from one expanse of rammed-earth walls to the next , beetle-black and ugly , enclosing even the towers . 
 a quick study gave away no gaps ; the bars were spaced so closely that no body could possibly squeeze between them . 
 the streets and plazas of the town were entirely screened from above as if they existed within a cage , and moonlight cast rickrack shadows over everything . 
 what was it about ? 
 were the bars meant to keep something in or out ? 
 and then karou saw a winged figure sweeping down out of the sky and she flinched , thinking she had her answer . 
 an angel , a seraph-that was her first thought , her heart starting to hammer and her wounds to throb . 
 but it was n't . 
 it passed overhead and out of sight , and she clearly saw that its form was animal-some sort of winged deer . 
 a chimaera ? 
 she had always supposed there must be more , though she had only ever seen her four , who would never say if there were others . 
 it hit her now that this whole city must be inhabited by chimaera , and that beyond its walls lay an entire world , a world with two moons , also inhabited by chimaera , and she had to grip the bars to hold herself upright as the universe seemed to tremble and grow larger around her . 
 there was another world . 
 another world . 
 of all the theories she 'd dreamed up about the other door , she 'd never imagined this : a world apart , complete with its own mountains , continents , moons . 
 she was already light-headed with blood loss , and the revelation made her reel so she had to clutch at the window bars . 
 it was then that she heard voices . 
 near . 
 and also familiar . 
 she had listened to their murmurs all her life as their incongruous heads bent together in discussions of teeth . 
 it was brimstone and twiga , and they were coming around the corner . 
 `` ondine has brought thiago , '' twiga was saying . 
 `` the fool , '' brimstone breathed . 
 `` does he think the armies can afford the loss of him at a time like this ? 
 how many times must i tell him , a general need not fight at the front ? '' 
 `` it is because of you that he knows no fear , '' said twiga , to which brimstone only snorted , and that snort sounded dangerously close . 
 karou almost panicked . 
 her eyes darted back to the door she had come from . 
 she did n't think she could reach it . 
 instead , she pressed herself into the window niche and held stone-still . 
 they passed her , near enough to touch . 
 karou feared that they would go into the shop and close the door behind them , trapping her in this strange place . 
 she was ready to cry after them to prevent it , but they bypassed the door . 
 her panic subsided . 
 in its wake , something else flared : anger . 
 anger at the years of secrets , as if she were n't worthy of trust or even the barest details of her own existence . 
 her anger made her bold , and she determined to find out more-as much as she could while she was here . 
 this chance , she suspected , would never come again . 
 so when brimstone and twiga turned into a stairwell , she followed . 
 they were tower stairs , a tight corkscrew down . 
 the spiraling descent made karou dizzy : down , around , down , around , hypnotic , until it seemed as if she were caught in a purgatory of stairs and would go down like this forever . 
 there were small slot windows for a while , and then they disappeared . 
 the air grew cool and still , and karou had the impression of being belowground . 
 she heard brimstone and twiga in snatches , and could make no sense of their conversation . 
 `` we will need more incense soon . '' 
 twiga . 
 `` we will need more of everything . 
 there has not been an onslaught like this in decades . '' 
 brimstone . 
 `` do you think they have their eye on the city ? '' 
 `` when have they not ? '' 
 `` how long ? '' 
 twiga asked with a quaver . 
 `` how long can we hold them off ? '' 
 brimstone . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 and just when karou thought she could n't bear any more turning , they reached the bottom . 
 it was here that things got interesting . 
 really interesting . 
 the stairs spilled out into a vast , echoing hall . 
 karou had to hold herself back to make sure brimstone and twiga had gone on , but when she heard their voices moving away , rendered small by the immensity of the space that swallowed them , she crept out after them . 
 it seemed she was in a cathedral-if , that is , the earth itself were to dream a cathedral into being over thousands of years of water weeping through stone . 
 it was a massive natural cavern that soared overhead to a near-perfect gothic arch . 
 stalagmites as old as the world were carved into pillars in the shapes of beasts , and candelabras hung so high they were like clusters of stars . 
 a scent was heavy in the air , herbs and sulfur , and smoke wreathed among the pillars , teased into wisps by breezes emanating from unseen openings in the carven walls . 
 and below it all , where brimstone and twiga walked down the cathedral 's long nave , there were n't pews for worship , but tables-stone tables huge as menhirs , so huge they must have required elephants to haul them there . 
 indeed , they were large enough to accommodate an elephant reclining , though only one of them actually did . 
 an elephant , laid out on a table . 
 or ... no . 
 it was not an elephant . 
 with clawed feet and a head that was some nightmare of a massive , tusked grizzly bear , it was elsething . 
 chimaera . 
 and it was dead . 
 on each of the tables lay a dead chimaera , and there were dozens of them . 
 dozens . 
 karou 's gaze fluttered , erratic , from table to table . 
 no two of the dead were alike . 
 most had some human quality to them , head or torso , but not all . 
 there , an ape with the mane of a lion ; an iguana-thing so huge it could only be called a dragon ; a jaguar 's head on the nude body of a woman . 
 brimstone and twiga moved among them , touching them , examining . 
 they paused the longest over a man . 
 he was nak * d , too . 
 he was what karou and zuzana would have called , with the smug smiles of connoisseurs , a `` physical specimen . '' 
 heavy shoulders tapering to neat hips , abdomen corrugated , all the muscles karou could identify from life drawing study ruggedly pronounced . 
 on his powerful chest was a down of pure white hair , and the hair of his head was white , too , long and silken on the stone table . 
 a fug of incense hung thick around him . 
 it was coming from a kind of ornate silver lantern suspended from a hook above his head , exhaling a steady fume . 
 a thurible , karou thought , like those twirled about in catholic mass. . 
 brimstone laid a hand to the dead man 's chest , let it linger there a moment in a gesture karou could n't decipher . 
 fondness ? 
 sadness ? 
 when he and twiga moved on and vanished into the rearing wall of shadow at the far end of the nave , she crept out of hiding and went to the table . 
 up close , she saw that the man 's white hair was an incongruity . 
 he was young , his face unlined . 
 he was very handsome , though blank and waxen in death , and seeming not quite real . 
 he was also not quite human , though nearer to it than most of the chimaera here . 
 the flesh and musculature of his legs transitioned at mid-thigh to become the white-furred haunches of a wolf , with long backward-bending canine feet and black claws . 
 and his hands , she saw , were hybrid : broad and furred across the backs like paws , with human fingers tapering to claws . 
 they were lying palm up , as if they had been arranged that way , and that was how karou saw what was etched on his skin . 
 in the center of each palm was a tattooed eye identical to her own . 
 she took a startled step back . 
 this was something . 
 something critical , something key , but what did it mean ? 
 she turned to the next table , the lion-maned creature . 
 its hands were simian , the flesh black , but she could still make out the hamsas on them . 
 she went to the next table , and the next . 
 even the elephant-creature : the soles of its mammoth forefeet were marked . 
 each of these dead creatures wore the hamsas , just like she did . 
 her thoughts hammered in her head the way her heart thumped in her chest . 
 what was going on ? 
 here were dozens of chimaera , and they were dead and nak * d-without , she noted , any visible wounds-and laid out cold on slabs in some kind of underground cathedral . 
 her own hamsas connected her to them in some way , but she could n't imagine how . 
 she circled back around to the first table , the white-haired man , and leaned against it . 
 she was conscious of the scented smoke from the thurible and had a moment of anxiety when she realized her hair would be infused with the smell and give her away to yasri and issa when she snuck back into the shop . 
 the shop . 
 the thought of climbing back up that interminable corkscrew made her want to sink down into fetal position . 
 her wounds throbbed . 
 they were seeping through the bandages , and yasri 's balm was wearing off . 
 she hurt . 
 but ... this place . 
 these dead . 
 with her muddled head , karou felt unequal to the mystery . 
 the white-haired man 's hand lay right before her , its hamsa taunting her . 
 she laid her own beside it to compare the marks , but his lay in the shadow of his body , so she reached out to lift it into the light . 
 the marks were identical . 
 she saw that as her mind worked at something else , a too-slow warning from her sluggish senses . 
 his hand , his dead hand ... it was warm . 
 it was not dead . 
 he was not dead . 
 a whip-crack movement and he came upright , spinning on his knees . 
 his hand , which had lain inert in hers , caught her throat and lifted her off her feet , slamming her down onto the stone table . 
 her head . 
 against stone . 
 her vision blurred . 
 when it cleared again he was above her , eyes ice-pale , lips drawn back over fangs . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 his hand still clutched her throat . 
 she clawed at it , struggled to throw him off , managed to get her knees between them and kick out . 
 his grip loosened and she gasped a breath , tried to scream , but he was over her again , heavy and nak * d and bestial , and she fought him with everything in her , fought him with a wildness that plunged them over the edge of the table to the floor . 
 it was chaos and thrashing , and bare limbs so strong karou could n't break free . 
 he was on her , straddling her legs , staring , and some kind of crazed madness seemed to clear from his eyes . 
 his lips eased from their snarl and he looked human again , almost , and beautiful , but still terrifying and ... confused . 
 he gripped her by the wrists , forced open her hands to see her hamsas , then looked sharply at her face . 
 his gaze roved over all of her so that she felt as if she were the nak * d one , and then he gave a thick growl that sent shudders through her . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she could n't answer . 
 her heart was pounding . 
 her wounds were on fire . 
 and , as ever , she had no answer . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he dragged her upright by her wrists and flung her back onto the stone table and was over her again . 
 his movements were fluid and animal , his teeth sharp enough to rip out her throat , and all at once karou saw how her trespass through the other door was going to end : in a pool of blood . 
 she found her breath . 
 and screamed . 
 18 battle not with monsters `` girl ? '' 
 izil squinted up at akiva . 
 `` you ... you mean karou ? '' 
 karou ? 
 akiva knew that word . 
 it meant hope in the language of the enemy . 
 so not only did she bear the hamsas , she had a chimaera name . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 clearly terrified , the old man pulled himself up a little straighter . 
 `` why do you want to know , angel ? '' 
 `` i 'm asking the questions , '' said akiva . 
 `` and i suggest you answer them . '' 
 he was impatient to get on and meet the others , but loathe to leave with this mystery hanging over him . 
 if he did n't find out who the girl was now , he would never know . 
 eager to be helpful , razgut supplied , `` she tastes like nectar and salt . 
 nectar and salt and apples . 
 pollen and stars and hinges . 
 she tastes like fairy tales . 
 swan maiden at midnight . 
 cream on the tip of a fox 's tongue . 
 she tastes like hope . '' 
 akiva was stone-faced , unreasonably disturbed by the thought of this abomination tasting the girl . 
 he waited until razgut gibbered into silence before he said , his voice low in his throat , `` i did n't ask what she tastes like . 
 i asked who she is . '' 
 izil shrugged , fluttering his hands in an effort at nonchalance . 
 `` she 's just a girl . 
 she draws pictures . 
 she 's nice to me . 
 what more can i tell you ? '' 
 his voice was glib , and akiva saw that he thought he could protect her . 
 it was noble , and laughable . 
 having no time to waste playing games , he decided on a more drastic approach . 
 he seized izil by his shirtfront and razgut by one of his jagged bone spurs and leapt airborne with the pair of them , hauling their combined weight as if it were nothing . 
 it was only a matter of wingbeats before all of marrakesh glimmered below them . 
 izil was screaming , his eyes squeezed shut , but razgut was silent , his face displaying such unutterable longing it shot pity into akiva 's heart like a splinter-more painful , indeed , than the shard of wood karou had stabbed him with . 
 it surprised him . 
 over the years he had learned to deaden himself , and he had lived so long with the deadness that he believed pity and mercy were extinguished in him , but tonight he had experienced dull stabs of both . 
 slowly spiraling downward like a bird of prey , he brought the two to rest on the domed peak of the city 's tallest minaret . 
 they scrabbled to hold on and failed , sliding down its slick surface , paddling frenziedly for handholds and footholds before coming to rest against a low , decorative parapet that was all that kept them from plummeting over the edge , several hundred feet to the rooftops of the mosque below . 
 izil 's face was gray , his breathing thin . 
 when razgut shifted himself on the old man 's back , they teetered perilously close to the edge . 
 izil let out a stream of panicked commands to stay low , not shift , hang on to something . 
 akiva stood over them . 
 behind him , the serrated ridge of the atlas mountains shone in the moonlight . 
 breezes teased the flame-feathers that made up his wings , setting them dancing , and his eyes were the muted glow of embers . 
 `` now . 
 if you wish to live , tell me what i want to know . 
 who is the girl ? '' 
 izil , with a horror-struck glance over the edge of the roof , answered in a rush . 
 `` she 's nothing to you , she 's innocent - '' `` innocent ? 
 she bears the hamsas , traffics teeth for the devil sorcerer . 
 she does n't seem innocent to me . '' 
 `` you do n't know . 
 she is innocent . 
 she just runs errands for him . 
 that 's all . '' 
 was that all she was , some kind of servant ? 
 it did n't explain the hamsas . 
 `` why her ? '' 
 `` she 's the wishmonger 's foster daughter . 
 he raised her from a baby . '' 
 akiva processed this . 
 `` where did she come from ? '' 
 he knelt to bring his face closer to izil 's . 
 it felt very important that he know . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't ! 
 one day she was just there , cradled in his arm , and after that she was always there , no explanations . 
 do you think brimstone told me things ? 
 if he had , maybe i would still be a man instead of a mule ! '' 
 he gestured to razgut and fell into lunatic laughter . '' 
 ` be careful what you wish for , ' brimstone said , but i did n't listen , and look at me now ! '' 
 tears sprang to the wrinkled corners of his eyes as he laughed and laughed . 
 akiva was rigid . 
 trouble was , he believed what the hunchback said . 
 why would brimstone tell his human minions anything , especially mad fools like this ? 
 but if izil did n't know , what hope did akiva have of finding out ? 
 the old man was his only lead , and he had lingered too long already . 
 `` then tell me where to find her , '' he said . 
 `` she was friendly with you . 
 surely you know where she lives . '' 
 woe flickered in the old man 's eyes . 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . 
 but ... but ... but i can tell you other things . 
 secret things ! 
 about your own kind . 
 thanks to razgut , i know far more of seraphim than i do of chimaera . '' 
 he was bargaining , still hoping to protect karou . 
 akiva said , `` you think there 's anything you can tell me about my kind ? '' 
 `` razgut has stories - '' `` the word of the fallen . 
 has he even told you why he was exiled ? '' 
 `` oh , i know why , '' said izil . 
 `` i wonder if you do . '' 
 `` i know my history . '' 
 izil laughed . 
 one cheek was pressed flat against the dome of the minaret , and his laugh came out as a wheeze . 
 he said , `` like mold on books , grow myths on history . 
 maybe you should ask someone who was there , all those centuries ago . 
 maybe you should ask razgut . '' 
 akiva cast a cold eye over the quivering razgut , who was whispering his unceasing chant of `` take me home , please , brother , take me home . 
 i have repented , i have been punished enough , take me home ... '' akiva said , `` i do n't need to ask him anything . '' 
 `` ah , no ? 
 i see . 
 a man once said , ` all you need in this life is ignorance and confidence ; then success is sure . ' 
 mark twain , you know . 
 he had a fine mustache . 
 men of wisdom so often do . '' 
 something in the old man was shifting as akiva watched . 
 he saw him lift up his head to peer out over the stone lip that was keeping him from sliding to his death . 
 his madness seemed to have abated , if indeed it had n't all been an act to begin with . 
 he was gathering up the tatters of his courage , which , under the circumstances , was not unimpressive . 
 he was also stalling . 
 `` make this easy , old man , '' said akiva . 
 `` i did n't come here to kill humans . '' 
 `` why did you come ? 
 even the chimaera do n't trespass here . 
 this world is no place for monsters - '' `` monsters ? 
 well , then . 
 i am not a monster . '' 
 `` no ? 
 razgut does n't think he is , either . 
 do you , monster of mine ? '' 
 he asked it almost fondly , and razgut cooed , `` not a monster . 
 a seraph , a being of smokeless fire , yes , forged in another age , in another world . '' 
 he was looking hungrily at akiva . 
 `` i 'm like you , brother . 
 i 'm just like you . '' 
 akiva did not enjoy the comparison . 
 he said , `` i 'm nothing like you , cripple , '' in an acid tone that made razgut flinch . 
 izil reached up to pat the arm that was like a vise around his own neck . 
 `` there , there , '' he said , his voice ringing hollow of compassion . 
 `` he ca n't see it . 
 it is a condition of monsters that they do not perceive themselves as such . 
 the dragon , you know , hunkered in the village devouring maidens , heard the townsfolk cry ` monster ! ' 
 and looked behind him . '' 
 `` i know who the monsters are . '' 
 akiva 's tiger eyes darkened . 
 how well he knew . 
 the chimaera had reduced the meaning of life to war . 
 they came in a thousand bestial forms , and no matter how many of them you killed , more always came , and more . 
 izil replied , `` a man once said , ` battle not with monsters lest you become a monster , and if you gaze into the abyss , the abyss gazes also into you . ' 
 nietzsche , you know . 
 exceptional mustache . '' 
 `` just tell me - '' akiva began , but izil cut him off . 
 `` have you ever asked yourself , do monsters make war , or does war make monsters ? 
 i 've seen things , angel . 
 there are guerrilla armies that make little boys kill their own families . 
 such acts rip out the soul and make space for beasts to grow inside . 
 armies need beasts , do n't they ? 
 pet beasts , to do their terrible work ! 
 and the worst is , it 's almost impossible to retrieve a soul that has been ripped away . 
 almost . '' 
 he gave akiva a keen look . 
 `` but it can be done , if ever ... if ever you decide to go looking for yours . '' 
 fury flashed through akiva . 
 sparks rained from his wings , to be borne by breezes over the rooftops of marrakesh . 
 `` why would i do that ? 
 where i come from , old man , a soul 's as useless as teeth to the dead . '' 
 `` spoken , i think , by one who still remembers what it was like to have one . '' 
 akiva did remember . 
 his memories were knives , and he was not pleased to have them turned against him . 
 `` you should worry about your own soul , not mine . '' 
 `` my soul is clean . 
 i 've never killed anyone . 
 but you , oh you . 
 look at your hands . '' 
 akiva did n't take the bait , but he did curl his fingers reflexively into fists . 
 the bars were etched along the tops of his fingers : each represented an enemy slain , and his hands bore a terrible tally . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 izil asked . 
 `` do you even know , or have you lost count ? '' 
 gone entirely was the quivering madman akiva had hauled up off the cobbles of the plaza . 
 izil was sitting up now , or as near as he could come to it , encumbered as he was by razgut , who looked back and forth in distress between his human mule and the angel he hoped had come to save him . 
 in fact , akiva knew the precise number of kills recorded on his hands . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he threw back at izil . 
 `` how many teeth , over the years ? 
 i do n't suppose you kept count . '' 
 `` teeth ? 
 ah , but i only took teeth from the dead ! '' 
 `` and you sold them to brimstone . 
 you know what that makes you ? 
 a collaborator . '' 
 `` collaborator ? 
 they 're just teeth . 
 he makes necklaces , i saw him . 
 just teeth on strings ! '' 
 `` you think he 's making necklaces ? 
 fool . 
 you 've had everything to do with our war , but you were too stupid to see it . 
 you tell me that battling with monsters has made me a monster ? 
 doing business with devils , what has that made you ? '' 
 izil stared at him , mouth hanging open , then stated in a rush of sudden understanding , `` you know . 
 you know what he does with the teeth . '' 
 bitterly , akiva breathed , `` yes , i know . '' 
 `` tell me - '' `` shut up ! '' 
 akiva commanded as the final tether of his patience snapped . 
 `` tell me where to find her . 
 your life is nothing to me . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 he heard the brutality in his own voice and saw himself as if from without , looming over these poor , broken creatures . 
 what would madrigal think if she could see him now ? 
 but she could n't , could she ? 
 and that was the point . 
 madrigal was dead . 
 the old man was right . 
 he was a monster , but if he was , it was because of the enemy . 
 not just a lifetime at war-that had n't managed to make akiva what he was . 
 it was one act that had done this , one unspeakable act that he could never forget or forgive , and for which , in vengeance , he had vowed to destroy a kingdom . 
 he hissed . 
 `` do you think i ca n't make you talk ? '' 
 to which izil replied with a smile , `` no , angel . 
 i do n't think you can . '' 
 and then he pitched himself off the minaret , carrying razgut with him , to fall two hundred feet and shatter against the roof tiles below . 
 19 not who , but what the cathedral conducted karou 's scream and splintered it into a symphony of screams that echoed and collided so the vast vaulted space was alive with her voice . 
 and then it was n't . 
 the chimaera silenced her with a backhand and she skidded off the stone slab , knocking down the metal crook and thurible , which sent up a clangor . 
 he sprang down after her , and she thought he would tear out her throat with his teeth , his face was so close to hers , but then ... he was dragged back as if plucked , and thrust away . 
 and brimstone was there . 
 karou had never been so happy to see him . 
 `` brimstone ... '' she choked out , and then stopped . 
 her relief faltered . 
 his crocodile pupils closed to black slashes , as they always did when he was angry , but if karou thought she had seen him angry before , this was to be an education in rage . 
 the moment froze as he mastered his shock at seeing her there , while for karou , an eternity revolved in the space between heartbeats . 
 `` karou ? '' 
 he snarled his incredulity , lips peeling back in a terrible grimace . 
 his breath , fast , hissed through his teeth as he reached for her , claws flexed . 
 behind him , the white-haired wolf chimaera demanded , `` who is that ? '' 
 brimstone growled . 
 `` that is no one . '' 
 karou thought maybe she should run . 
 too late . 
 a lunge , and brimstone caught her arm right over the blood-tinged bandage of her last angel slash , and crushed it in his grip . 
 light trembled behind karou 's eyelids and she gasped . 
 he grabbed her other arm and picked her up , raising her so that her face was just inches from his own . 
 her bare feet paddled for purchase and found none . 
 her arms were pinned , his claws piercing her skin . 
 she could n't move . 
 she could only stare back into his eyes , which had never in her life seemed so alien , so animal , as they did now . 
 `` give her to me , '' said the man . 
 brimstone said , `` you need rest , thiago . 
 you should still be sleeping . 
 i 'll take care of her . '' 
 `` take care of her ? 
 how ? '' 
 thiago demanded . 
 `` she wo n't trouble us again . '' 
 peripherally , karou saw the familiar shape of twiga with his long , hunched neck on sloping shoulders , and she turned to him , but the look on his face was worse than brimstone 's , because it was both appalled and afraid , as if he were about to witness something that he would rather not see . 
 karou started to panic . 
 `` wait , '' she gasped , writhing in brimstone 's grasp . 
 `` wait , wait - '' but he was already moving , carrying her to the stairs , taking them fast , in leaps and lunges . 
 he was n't careful with her , and she felt what it must be like for a doll in a toddler 's hands , whipped around corners and drubbed against walls , dropped and tossed like an inanimate thing . 
 sooner than she would have thought possible-or maybe she lost consciousness for a time-they were back at the shop door , and he hurled her through it . 
 she did n't land on her feet but went sprawling , catching a chair with her cheek so that a firework detonated behind her eyes . 
 brimstone slammed the door behind him and loomed over her . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 he thundered . 
 `` you could not have done worse . 
 foolish child ! 
 and you ! '' 
 he spun on yasri and issa , who had rushed out of the kitchen and were gaping , horrified . 
 they flinched . 
 `` if we were going to keep her here , we said , there would be rules . 
 inviolable rules . 
 did we not all agree ? '' 
 issa attempted an answer . 
 `` yes , but - '' but brimstone had rounded on karou again and grabbed her up off the floor . 
 `` did he see your hands ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 she had never heard his voice raised to this pitch . 
 it was like stone grating against stone . 
 she felt it in her skull . 
 he was gripping her arms so hard . 
 a whiteness washed across her vision , and she feared she was going to faint . 
 `` did he ? '' 
 he repeated , louder . 
 she knew that no was the right answer , but she could n't lie . 
 she gasped , `` yes . 
 yes ! '' 
 he gave a kind of howl that chilled her worse than anything had during this whole terrible night . 
 `` do you know what you 've done ? '' 
 karou did not know . 
 `` brimstone ! '' 
 yasri squawked . 
 `` brimstone , she 's injured ! '' 
 the parrot-woman 's arms were flapping like wings . 
 she tried to pry the wishmonger 's hands from karou 's wound , but he shook her off . 
 he dragged karou to the front door and wrenched it open , shoving her ahead of him into the vestibule . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 cried issa . 
 `` you ca n't put her out like that - '' but he would n't hear it . 
 `` get out , now ! '' 
 he snarled at karou . 
 `` get away ! '' 
 he wrenched open the outer door of the vestibule-another measure of his rage ; the doors were never opened together , never , it was a fail-safe against intrusion-and the last thing she saw was his face contorted with fury before he shoved her hard and slammed the door . 
 released so suddenly , she took three or four reeling steps backward before tripping off the curb and collapsing , and there she sat , stunned , barefoot , and bleeding , light-headed and gasping , in a gutter stream of melting snow . 
 she was torn between relief that he 'd let her go-for a moment she 'd feared far worse than this-and disbelief that he had thrown her out injured and barely dressed into the cold . 
 dazed and dizzy , she hardly knew what to do . 
 shivering was setting in . 
 it was frigid out , and she was soaked with gutter slush now in addition to blood . 
 she picked herself up and stood there , uncertain . 
 her flat was a ten-minute walk . 
 already her feet burned with the cold . 
 she stared at the door-unsurprised now to see a black handprint on its surface-and thought surely it must open . 
 at the very least issa would bring her coat and shoes . 
 surely . 
 but the door did n't and did n't and still did n't open . 
 a car rumbled past at the end of the block , and here and there laughter and arguments drifted out windows , but no one was near . 
 karou 's teeth chattered . 
 she clutched her arms around herself , for all the good it did , and stayed fixed on the door , unable to believe that brimstone would just leave her out here . 
 cold , awful moments ticked by and finally , outraged tears springing to her eyes , karou turned away , hugging herself , and began to limp on numb feet in the direction of her flat . 
 she got a few wide-eyed looks along the way , and some offers of help , which she ignored , and it was n't until she reached her door , shivering convulsively , and reached for a coat pocket that was n't there that she realized she did n't have her keys . 
 no coat , no keys , and no shings , either , with which she would have been able to wish open the door . 
 `` damn damn damn , '' karou cursed , tears icy on her cheeks . 
 all she had were the scuppies around her wrist . 
 she took one between her fingers and wished , but nothing happened . 
 unlocking doors exceeded a scuppy 's small power . 
 she was about to buzz a neighbor awake when she sensed , behind her , a furtive movement . 
 she was beyond thinking . 
 a hand came down on her shoulder , and she was all nerve and impulse . 
 she seized the hand and threw her weight forward . 
 the figure behind her was lifted-karou registered a second too late the voice , concerned , saying , `` jesus , roo , are you okay ? '' 
 - to catapult over her shoulder and through the plate glass of the door . 
 the glass shattered as kaz sailed through it and hit the ground with an explosive grunt . 
 karou stood still , the awareness catching up to her that he had n't even been trying to scare her this time , and now he was lying across the threshold in a litter of glass . 
 she thought she should feel something-regret ? 
 - but she felt nothing at all . 
 the problem of the locked door , at least , was solved . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 she asked him , flat . 
 he just blinked , stunned , and she skimmed the scene with a cursory glance . 
 no blood . 
 the glass had broken into rectangular chunks . 
 he was fine . 
 she stepped over him and picked her way to the elevator . 
 throwing kaz had cost her what little strength she had left , and she doubted she could walk up the six flights of stairs . 
 the elevator doors opened and she got in , turning to face kaz , who still had n't moved . 
 he was staring after her . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 not who , but what . 
 she did n't answer . 
 the elevator doors closed and she was alone with her reflection , in which she saw what kaz had seen . 
 she was wearing nothing but soaked jeans and a filmy white camisole gone see-through where it clung to her skin . 
 her hair clumped in blue coils around her neck , like issa 's serpents , and rust-streaked bandages hung loose from her shoulders . 
 against the blood , her skin looked translucent , almost blue , and she was curled over , clutching herself and shaking like some kind of junkie . 
 all of that was bad enough , but it was her face that caught her . 
 her cheek was swelling from when brimstone had flung her into the chair , and her head was set in a hard-jawed downward tilt so that her eyes were hooded in shadow . 
 she looked like someone you 'd go a long way to avoid walking past , she thought . 
 she looked ... not entirely human . 
 the elevator doors pinged open and she dragged herself down the hall . 
 she had to climb out a window to get onto her balcony , and break a pane out of her balcony door to get into her apartment , and she managed it before her strength gave out or her shivering incapacitated her , and finally she was inside , stripping off her wet clothes . 
 she dragged herself onto her bed , tugged a quilt around her , curled up in a ball , and sobbed . 
 who are you ? 
 she asked herself , remembering the angel 's question , and the wolf 's . 
 but it was kaz 's that reverberated through her , an echo that would n't die . 
 what are you ? 
 what ? 
 20 true story karou spent the weekend alone in her apartment , feverish , bruised , sliced , slashed , and miserable . 
 rising from bed on saturday was torture . 
 her muscles seemed to have been wound with winches , tight enough to snap . 
 everything hurt . 
 everything . 
 it was hard to pick out one pain from the next , and she looked like a brochure on domestic violence , her cheek achieving coconut proportions and blooming blue to rival her hair . 
 she considered calling zuzana for help but abandoned the idea when she realized she did n't have her phone . 
 it was with her coat and shoes , bag , wallet , keys , and sketchbook , back at the shop . 
 she could have e-mailed , but in the time it took to boot up her laptop she imagined how zuzana would react to the sight of her , and she knew her friend would n't let things pass this time with evasions . 
 karou would have to tell her something . 
 she was too tired to come up with a lie , so she ended up feeding herself tylenol and tea and passing the weekend in a daze of chills and sweats , pain and nightmares . 
 she woke often to imagined sounds and looked to her windows , hoping as she had never hoped to see kishmish with a note , but he did n't come , and the weekend went by with no one checking on her-not kaz , whom she 'd put through plate glass , and not zuzana , whom she 'd conditioned to accept her absences with wary silence . 
 she had never felt so alone . 
 monday came , and she still did n't leave the apartment . 
 erratically she kept up with the tea and tylenol . 
 sleep was a carousel of nightmares , the same creatures coming around again and again-the angel , the thing on izil 's back , the wolf chimaera , brimstone in fury-and when she opened her eyes the light would have changed , but nothing else did except perhaps that her misery deepened . 
 it was dark when the buzzer rang . 
 and rang . 
 and rang . 
 she pulled herself over to the console by the door and croaked , `` hello ? '' 
 `` karou ? '' 
 it was zuzana . 
 `` karou , what the hell ? 
 buzz me up , truant . '' 
 karou was so glad to hear her friend 's voice , so glad someone had come to check on her , that she burst into tears . 
 when zuzana came through the door she found karou sitting on the edge of her bed , tears streaming down her battered face . 
 she came to a halt , all five-almost-feet atop cartoonish platform boots , and said , `` oh . 
 oh . 
 god . 
 karou . '' 
 she was across the tiny room in a streak . 
 her hands were cool from the wintry air , and her voice was soft , and karou put her head on her friend 's shoulder and cried for long minutes without stopping . 
 things got better after that . 
 zuzana got her settled without asking questions , then went out for supplies : soup ; bandages ; a box of butterfly closures for sealing the split flesh along karou 's collarbone , arm , and shoulder , where the angel 's sword had cut her . 
 `` these are going to be some serious scars , '' said zuzana , bent over her doctoring with the same concentration she applied to building marionettes . 
 `` when did this happen ? 
 you should have gone to the hospital right away . '' 
 `` i did , '' said karou , thinking of yasri 's balm . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 `` and what - ? 
 are these claw marks ? '' 
 both of karou 's upper arms were livid purple , darkest where brimstone 's fingers had sunk in , and pierced with scabbed puncture marks . 
 `` um , '' said karou . 
 zuzana regarded her in silence , then got up and heated the soup she 'd brought . 
 she sat on a chair beside the bed , and when karou finished eating , she kicked her feet-bootless now-up on the mattress and folded her hands in her lap . 
 `` okay , '' zuzana said . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for a really good story that i hope will be the truth . '' 
 the truth . 
 karou attempted a subject change - `` first tell me what happened saturday with violin boy '' - while she rolled the idea of truth around in her mind . 
 zuzana snorted . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 well , his name is mik , but that 's all you 're getting until you do some talking . '' 
 `` his name ! 
 you got his name ! '' 
 this morsel of normal life made karou almost absurdly happy . 
 `` karou , i 'm serious . '' 
 she was serious . 
 her dark slavic eyes took on a no-nonsense intensity that karou had told her in the past would stand her in good stead as an interrogator with the secret police . 
 `` tell me what the hell happened to you . '' 
 the thing was , karou told the truth all the time , but she told it with that sardonic smile , as if she were being outrageous . 
 did she even have a facial expression that went with telling the truth in earnest ? 
 and what would she say ? 
 this was n't a story she could ease into gently , like dipping a toe in cold water . 
 she had to just jump . 
 `` an angel tried to kill me , '' she said . 
 a beat , and then , `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` no , really . '' 
 karou was conscious-too conscious-of her expression . 
 she felt as if she were auditioning for the role of `` truth teller '' and trying way too hard . 
 `` did jackass do this ? '' 
 karou laughed , too quick and too hard , then winced and held her swollen cheek . 
 the idea of kaz hurting her was just silly . 
 well , hurting her physically , though now even the idea that he could have hurt her heart seemed silly , with everything else she had to worry about . 
 `` no . 
 it was n't kaz . 
 the cuts were made by a sword , when an angel tried to kill me friday night . 
 in morocco . 
 god , it was probably on the news . 
 then there was this wolf guy who i thought was dead but was most definitely not . 
 the rest was brimstone . 
 and , oh . 
 um , everything in my sketchbooks is true . '' 
 she held her wrists out , lined up so her tattoos spelled out true story . 
 `` see ? 
 it 's a hint . '' 
 zuzana was not amused . 
 `` jesus , karou - '' karou plunged ahead . 
 the truth , she found , felt smooth , like a skipping stone in the palm of your hand . 
 `` and my hair ? 
 i do n't dye it . 
 i wished it this color . 
 and i speak twenty-six languages , and those were mostly wishes , too . 
 did n't you ever think it was weird that i speak czech ? 
 i mean , who speaks czech but czechs ? 
 brimstone gave it to me for my fifteenth birthday , right before i came here . 
 oh , and remember the malaria ? 
 i got it in papua new guinea , and it sucked . 
 and i 've been shot , too , and i think i killed the bastard , and i 'm not sorry , and for some reason an angel tried to kill me , and he was the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen and also the scariest , though that wolf guy was pretty freaking scary , too , and last night i pissed off brimstone really bad and he threw me out , and when i got back here kaz was waiting and i threw him through glass , which worked out great actually because i did n't have my key . '' 
 pause . 
 `` so i do n't think he 'll try scaring me again , which is about the only good thing to come of all this . '' 
 zuzana said nothing . 
 she scraped back her chair and pulled on her boots , setting each foot down with a clomp , and she surely would have left then-probably forever-if not for the thunk that rattled the glass panes of the balcony door . 
 karou gave a strangled cry and jumped out of bed , mindless of her many hurts . 
 she lunged for the door . 
 it was kishmish . 
 it was kishmish , and he was on fire . 
 he died in her hands . 
 she smothered the flames and cradled him , and he was raw and charred , the hummingbird fury of his heartbeat giving way to long pauses as she hunched over him saying , `` no no no no no - '' his forked tongue worked in and out of his beak , and his frantic chirrups tapered away with his heartbeat . 
 `` no no no . 
 kishmish , no - '' and then he died . 
 karou stayed hunched there , on her balcony , holding him . 
 her string of nos faded to whispers , but she did n't stop saying them until zuzana spoke . 
 her voice was weak . 
 `` karou ? '' 
 karou looked up . 
 `` is that ... ? '' 
 zuzana gestured a jittery hand at kishmish 's lifeless form . 
 she looked perplexed . 
 `` that 's ... um . 
 that looks like - '' karou did n't help her out . 
 she looked back down at kishmish and tried to make sense of this sudden intrusion of death . 
 he flew here on fire , she thought . 
 he came to me . 
 she saw that something was tied to his foot : a piece of brimstone 's thick notepaper , charred , which crumbled to ashes when she touched it , and ... something else . 
 her fingers shook as she untied it , and then she held the object in her palm . 
 her heartbeat jumped with a child 's ingrained fear : she was n't supposed to touch it . 
 it was brimstone 's wishbone . 
 kishmish had brought it to her . 
 on fire he had brought it . 
 out in the city a siren wailed , and it hurried a connection her mind had been slow to make . 
 burning . 
 black handprint . 
 the portal . 
 she struggled to her feet and rushed inside , pulled on a jacket and boots . 
 zuzana was there , asking , `` what is it , karou ? 
 what is that ? 
 what - ? '' 
 but karou barely heard her . 
 she went out the door and down the stairs , kishmish still cradled in her arm , the wishbone tucked in her palm . 
 zuzana followed her into the street and all the way to josefov , to the service door that had been brimstone 's prague portal . 
 it was now a blue-white inferno impervious to the jets of the fire hoses . 
 at the same moment , though karou did n't know it , across the world , at every door emblazoned with the black handprint , fires raged . 
 they could n't be doused , and yet they did n't spread . 
 flame ate away the doors and the magic that clung to them and then swallowed itself , leaving charred holes in dozens of buildings . 
 metal doors melted , so hot was the fire , and witnesses who stared at the flames saw , in the nimbus of their dazzled retinas , the silhouettes of wings . 
 karou saw them and understood . 
 the way to elsewhere had been severed , and she was cast adrift . 
 once upon a time , a little girl was raised by monsters . 
 but angels burned the doorways to their world , and she was all alone . 
 21 hope makes its own magic once , when karou was a little girl , she used a handful of scuppies to flatten the wrinkles out of a drawing that yasri had sat on . 
 wrinkle by wrinkle , wish by wish-a painstaking procedure accomplished with total concentration , tongue peeking out at the corner of her lips . 
 `` there ! '' 
 she held it up , proud . 
 brimstone made a sound that put her in mind of a disappointed bear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demanded , eight years old , dark-haired , dark-eyed , and skinny as the shadow of a sapling . 
 `` it 's a good drawing . 
 it deserved to be rescued . '' 
 it was a good drawing . 
 it was a rendering of herself as a chimaera , with bat wings and a fox 's tail . 
 issa clapped with delight . 
 `` oh , you 'd look darling with a fox tail . 
 brimstone , ca n't she have a tail , just for today ? '' 
 karou would rather have had the wings , but neither was to be . 
 the wishmonger , looking put-upon , breathed a weary no . 
 issa did n't beg . 
 she just shrugged , kissed karou on the forehead , and tacked up the drawing in a place of honor . 
 but karou was taken with the idea , so she asked , `` why not ? 
 it would only take a lucknow . '' 
 `` only ? '' 
 he echoed . 
 `` and what do you know of the value of wishes ? '' 
 she recited the scale in a single breath . 
 `` scuppy shing lucknow gavriel bruxis ! '' 
 but that was not , apparently , what he meant . 
 more disappointed bear sounds , like growls routed through the nose , and he said , `` wishes are not for foolery , child . '' 
 `` well , what do you use them for ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he said . 
 `` i do not wish . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it had astonished her . 
 `` never ? '' 
 all that magic at his fingertips ! 
 `` but you could have anything you wanted - '' `` not anything . 
 there are things bigger than any wish . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` most things that matter . '' 
 `` but a bruxis - '' `` a bruxis has its limits , just like any wish . '' 
 a moth-winged hummingbird stuttered into the light and kishmish launched off brimstone 's horn , plucked it from the air , and swallowed it whole-and just like that , the creature un-was . 
 it was , and then it was n't . 
 karou 's stomach roiled as she contemplated the possibility of being so suddenly not . 
 watching her , brimstone added , `` i hope , child , but i do n't wish . 
 there 's a difference . '' 
 she turned this over in her mind , thinking that if she could come up with the difference , it might impress him . 
 something occurred to her , and she struggled to put it into words . 
 `` because hope comes from in you , and wishes are just magic . '' 
 `` wishes are false . 
 hope is true . 
 hope makes its own magic . '' 
 she 'd nodded as if she understood , but she had n't then , and she did n't now , three months after the portals burned and amputated half her life . 
 she 'd been back to the doorway in josefov at least a dozen times . 
 it had been replaced , along with the wall around it , and they looked too clean , too new for their surroundings . 
 she 'd knocked and she 'd hoped ; she 'd worn herself out hoping , and nothing . 
 again and again : nothing . 
 whatever magic there was in hoping , she thought , it had nothing on a good , solid wish . 
 now she stood at another door , this one belonging to a hunting cabin in nowhere , idaho , and she did n't bother knocking . 
 she just kicked it open . 
 `` hello , '' she said . 
 her voice was bright and hard , and so was her smile . 
 `` it 's been a while . '' 
 inside , the hunter bain looked up in surprise . 
 he was cleaning a shotgun at his coffee table , and rose swiftly to his feet . 
 `` you . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 abominably , he was shirtless , showing an abundance of loose white gut , and his extraordinary beard bushed around his shoulders in clumps . 
 karou could smell it from across the room , sour as a mouse 's nest . 
 she stepped uninvited into the cabin . 
 she was dressed in black : slim-fitting wool trousers with boots , and a vintage leather trench belted at the waist . 
 there was a satchel slung across her shoulder , her hair was smoothed back in a single braid , and she wore no makeup . 
 she looked tired . 
 she was tired . 
 `` killed anything fun lately ? '' 
 `` do you know something ? '' 
 bain asked . 
 `` have the doors opened back up ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 no . 
 nothing like that . '' 
 karou kept her voice light , as if she were paying a social call . 
 it was a farce , of course . 
 even when she 'd been running errands for brimstone she had never visited here . 
 bain had always come into the shop himself . 
 `` you were n't easy to find , '' she told him . 
 he lived off the grid ; as far as the internet was concerned , he did n't exist . 
 karou had spent several wishes to track him down-low-grade wishes that she 'd liberated from other traders . 
 she looked around the room . 
 a plaid couch , some glazed-eyed elk heads mounted on the wall , and a naugahyde recliner held together with duct tape . 
 a generator hummed outside the window , and the room was lit by a bare bulb . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` gavriels to play with , and you live in a dump like this ? 
 men . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 bain asked , wary . 
 `` do you want teeth ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 no . '' 
 she perched on the edge of the recliner . 
 still with that hard , bright smile , she said , `` teeth are not what i want . '' 
 `` what , then ? '' 
 karou 's smile disappeared , like flipping a switch . 
 `` i think you can guess what i want . '' 
 a beat . 
 then bain said , `` i do n't have any . 
 i used them all . '' 
 `` well . 
 i do n't think i 'll take your word on that . '' 
 he gestured around the room . 
 `` have a look , then . 
 knock yourself out . '' 
 `` see , the thing is , i know where you keep them . '' 
 the hunter went still , and karou considered the shotgun on the table . 
 it was disassembled , not a threat . 
 the question was whether he had another gun within reach . 
 probably . 
 he was not a one-gun kind of guy . 
 his fingers twitched almost imperceptibly . 
 karou 's pulse jumped in her hands . 
 bain lunged for the couch . 
 she was already moving . 
 smooth as dance , she leapt over the coffee table , caught his head with the flat of her palm and drove it against the wall . 
 with a croak he collapsed onto the couch , and for an instant he was free to scrabble with both hands in the sofa cushions , frantic , and then he found what he was looking for . 
 he whipped around , pistol raised . 
 karou caught his wrist with one hand and grabbed a fistful of beard with the other . 
 a crack ; a bullet blazed over her head . 
 she braced one foot against the sofa , heaved him by the beard , and swung him to the floor . 
 the table tipped and shotgun parts scattered . 
 keeping her grip on his wrist , pistol pointed away , she came down hard on his forearm with her knee and heard bones grind . 
 he yelped and released the gun . 
 karou took it up and pressed its muzzle into his eye socket . 
 `` i 'm going to forgive you for that , '' she said . 
 `` i do see , from your perspective , that this sucks . 
 i just do n't feel all that bad about it . '' 
 bain was breathing hard and looking murder at her . 
 up close he smelled rancid . 
 still holding the gun to his eye , karou steeled herself and reached into the greasy thatch of his beard to root around . 
 right away her hand encountered metal . 
 so it was true . 
 he kept his wishes in his beard . 
 she drew her knife from her boot . 
 `` do you want to know how i knew ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 he 'd drilled holes in the wish coins and knotted his dirty hair right through them . 
 she sliced them free one by one . 
 `` it was avigeth . 
 the snake ? 
 she had to circle your stinking neck , did n't she ? 
 i did not envy her that . 
 did you think she would n't tell issa what you have hidden in this disgusting shrub of yours ? '' 
 it gave her a pang , remembering those casual nights in the shop , sitting cross-legged on the floor , sketching issa and gossiping while twiga 's tools droned in the corner and brimstone strung his endless necklaces of teeth . 
 what was happening there now ? 
 what ? 
 bain 's wishes were mostly shings . 
 there were a few lucknows , though , and best of all , heavy as hammers , there were two gavriels . 
 that was good . 
 that was very good . 
 from the other traders she 'd visited so far , she 'd gotten only lucknows and shings . 
 `` i was hoping you would n't have spent these yet , '' karou told him . 
 `` thank you . 
 sincerely . 
 thank you . 
 you do n't know what this means to me . '' 
 `` bitch , '' he muttered . 
 `` well , that 's brave , '' she said , conversational . 
 `` i mean , to say that to the girl with the gun against your eyeball . '' 
 she went on sawing away hanks of beard as bain lay rigid . 
 he was probably twice her weight , but he did n't struggle . 
 there was a wild light in her eyes and it cowed him . 
 plus , he 'd heard rumors of st. petersburg , and knew she was n't shy with her knife . 
 she depleted his wish stash and , sitting back on her heels , used the barrel of the gun to peel back his lower lip . 
 she grimaced when she saw his teeth . 
 they were crooked and tobacco-brown . 
 they were real . 
 no hope of a bruxis , then . 
 `` you know , you 're the fifth one of brimstone 's traders i 've tracked down , and you 're the only one with your teeth . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i like meat . '' 
 `` you like meat . 
 of course you do . '' 
 of the other traders on whom she 'd paid these `` social calls , '' all had made the trade for a bruxis , and all had already spent them , mostly on long life . 
 one , the hag matriarch of a clan of poachers in pakistan , had botched the wish , forgetting to include youth and health , and she was a disaster of collapsing flesh , a testament to brimstone 's admonition that even a bruxis had limits . 
 well , a bruxis would have been quite a score , but it was a pair of gavriels that karou really needed , and now she had them . 
 she gathered up all the wishes , along with the dirty beard hair that clung to them , and shoved the whole mess into her satchel . 
 she kept one shing in her palm ; she 'd need it to make her exit . 
 `` you think you can just do this ? '' 
 bain asked , low . 
 `` you piss off a hunter , you 're gon na live like prey , little girl , always wondering who 's tracking you . '' 
 karou made a pondering gesture . 
 `` hmm . 
 ca n't have that , can we ? '' 
 she raised the pistol and sighted down the barrel at him , saw his eyes go wide and then squinch shut as she gave an enthusiastic little-boy `` kablam ! '' 
 and then lowered the gun again . 
 `` dummy . 
 lucky for you , i 'm not that kind of girl . '' 
 she laid the gun on the sofa and , as he started to sit up , wished him to sleep . 
 his head hit the floor with a thud and the shing vanished from her palm . 
 karou did n't look back . 
 her feet were heavy on the porch steps , and all the way down the dark gravel drive to where she 'd left a cab idling at a clump of mailboxes . 
 she reached the mailboxes . 
 there was no cab . 
 karou sighed . 
 the driver must have heard the gunshot and taken off . 
 she could hardly blame him . 
 it was like a scene out of a film noir : a girl pays him a ridiculous sum to drive her from boise up into this no-man 's - land , where she vanishes into a hunting cabin and a shot is fired . 
 who in his right mind would stick around to see how that played out ? 
 with another sigh , she closed her eyes and almost rubbed them , then remembered she 'd been handling bain 's filthy beard and wiped her hands on her pants instead . 
 she was so tired . 
 she reached into her bag . 
 judging it would take a lucknow to turn the cab around , she palmed one and was just about to make the wish when she stopped . 
 `` what am i thinking ? '' 
 one cheek dimpled as her lips skewed into a smile . 
 she took out a gavriel instead . 
 `` hello , you , '' she whispered to it . 
 weighing it on her palm , she tilted back her head and looked up at the sky . 
 22 a piece of empty candy three months . 
 it had been three months since the portals burned , and karou had had no word in all that time . 
 how often had her thoughts , however otherwise occupied , suddenly skidded back to the scorched note in kishmish 's claws ? 
 like a scratch in a record , the note had worn its groove in her mind . 
 what had it said ? 
 what had brimstone wanted to tell her as the portals burned ? 
 what had the note said ? 
 and then there was the wishbone , which she now wore around her neck , as brimstone always had . 
 it had occurred to her , of course , that it might be a wish , one more powerful even than a bruxis , and she had held it in her hand and wished on it-wished for a portal to peel open to elsewhere-but nothing ever happened . 
 there was something comforting in the feel of it in her hand , though . 
 its frail wings fit between her fingers as if it were meant to be held . 
 but if it was anything more than a bone , she could n't guess what , and as for why brimstone had sent it to her , she feared she would never know . 
 the fear festered alongside all her unanswered questions , and with it new fears , strange and undefinable . 
 something was happening to her . 
 sometimes when she looked in the mirror now , she experienced a moment of blank unfamiliarity , as if she were meeting the gaze of a stranger . 
 her name , called out to her , did n't always register , and even the lay of her shadow could strike her as foreign . 
 recently she 'd caught herself testing it with quick gestures to see if it was hers . 
 she was pretty sure this was not normal behavior . 
 zuzana disagreed . 
 `` it 's probably post-traumatic stress disorder , '' she 'd said . 
 `` what would be weird is if you were fine . 
 i mean , you lost your family . '' 
 karou still marveled at the way in which zuzana had accepted her whole bizarre story . 
 her friend was not , in practice , someone who believed in things , but after seeing kishmish and getting a little scuppy demonstration she 'd bought it all , and it was a good thing . 
 karou needed her . 
 zuzana was her anchor to her normal life . 
 what remained of it , anyway . 
 she was still in school , if only technically . 
 after the angel arsons it had taken about a week for her injuries to heal , at least enough that the yellow-green stage of her bruises could be concealed with makeup . 
 she 'd gone back to class for a couple of days , but it was a lost cause . 
 she could n't keep her focus , and her hand , clasping pencil or paintbrush , seemed incapable of delicacy . 
 a furious energy built up in her , and more than ever before she was plagued by that phantom sense that she was meant to be doing something else . 
 something else . 
 something else . 
 something else . 
 she made contact with esther and other of brimstone 's less-vile associates around the world to confirm that the phenomenon was global : the portals were gone , every last one . 
 she also , in the process , discovered something quite unexpected : she was rich . 
 brimstone , it turned out , had established bank accounts for her over the course of her life . 
 juicy bank accounts overflowing with zeroes . 
 she even owned real estate , such as the buildings in which , until recently , the portals had been . 
 and land . 
 a swamp , of all things . 
 an abandoned medieval hill town in the lava path of mount etna . 
 a mountain flank in the andes where an amateur paleontologist claimed-to widespread scientific merriment-to have unearthed a cache of `` monster skeletons . '' 
 brimstone had seen to it that karou would never worry about money , which was lucky , as she had to pay her `` social calls '' in the way of ordinary humans : airplanes , passport , overly friendly businessmen , and all . 
 she made it to school only sporadically after that , claiming family emergency . 
 if not for all the extra work she did , the constant drawing in her new sketchbook-number ninety-three , which picked up where ninety-two , left behind in brimstone 's shop , had so abruptly cut off-she would surely have gotten the boot by now . 
 as it was , she was hanging by a thread . 
 the last time she was there , profesorka fiala had been all frowns and judgment . 
 leafing through karou 's sketchbook , she paused on one drawing in particular , a rendering of the angel in marrakesh , done from memory . 
 it was of the moment karou had first seen him up close in the alley . 
 `` this is life drawing class , karou , '' said fiala . 
 `` not fantasy drawing . '' 
 karou did a double take . 
 she was pretty sure she 'd left the wings out , and indeed , she saw , she had . 
 `` fantasy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no one is this perfect , '' said the teacher , skimming dismissively past the page . 
 karou did n't argue , but later had said to zuzana , `` the funny thing is , i did n't even do him justice . 
 those eyes . 
 maybe a painting could capture those eyes , but a drawing never could . '' 
 `` yeah , well , '' said zuzana , `` he 's one scary-looking beautiful bastard , is what he is . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you should have seen him . '' 
 `` well . 
 i certainly hope i never do . '' 
 `` i kind of hope i do , actually , '' said karou , who no longer made the mistake of going out unarmed . 
 she 'd made a poor showing of herself in that fight , and cringed to think of the way she 'd run away . 
 if she were to see the angel again , she would stand her ground . 
 where school was concerned , however , there was no ground to stand . 
 she had no semester project to speak of and she could n't squeak by on her sketchbook and feverish last-minute catch-ups anymore , and as hard as it was to just let it go , she had bigger things to worry about . 
 after the fires , her first trip had been to marrakesh . 
 she kept remembering what izil had yelled to her : `` you must get to brimstone . 
 tell him the seraphim are here . 
 they 've gotten back in . 
 you must warn him ! '' 
 he knew something . 
 it was the whole point of his bruxis : knowledge . 
 and while karou had always wondered what he had learned , now she needed urgently to know . 
 so she 'd gone to find him , only to learn , to her great sadness , that he had thrown himself off the koutoubia minaret later the same night she 'd left him . 
 thrown himself ? 
 not likely , she thought , vividly recalling the angel 's soul-dead countenance , the bite of his blade , and the scars he 'd left her to remember him by . 
 zuzana had actually screen-printed her a t-shirt on the press at school that read : i met an angel in morocco and all i got were these lousy scars . 
 she 'd made another one , too : i saw an angel and you did n't . 
 suck it , rapture-monkeys ! 
 the sentiment was a response to the worldwide fervor in the wake of the angel sightings . 
 though accounts of the encounters were initially brushed off as the ravings of drunks and children , the evidence had become too intriguing to ignore . 
 grainy video and a few photographs had gone viral on the web and even crossed over to the mainstream media , with headlines like angels of death : harbingers or hoax ? 
 announced in drippy prime-time voices . 
 the best footage came from a carpet merchant 's phone and showed the attack on karou , though she was , mercifully , just an unidentifiable silhouette in the background , blurred out by the heat shimmer of the angel 's wings . 
 a far as she could tell , that was the only time that the angels-and there had been more than the one-had revealed their wings , but a number of witnesses claimed to have seen them fly , or at least to have seen their winged shadows . 
 a nun in india had a burn in the shape of a feather on her palm , which was drawing throngs of pilgrims from around the world , hoping to be blessed by her . 
 rapture cults had packed their suitcases and were massing together in great vigils , waiting for the end . 
 online message boards were daily filled with new angel sightings , none of which rang true to karou . 
 `` all bogus , '' she 'd told zuzana . 
 `` just crackpots waiting for the apocalypse . '' 
 `` because how fun , right ? '' 
 zuzana had rubbed her hands together in mock glee . 
 `` oh , boy , the apocalypse ! '' 
 `` right ? 
 i know . 
 how much does your life have to suck to want the apocalypse ? '' 
 and with that , they had spent an entire evening at poison-with mik , incidentally , zuzana 's `` violin boy '' and now official boyfriend-drinking apple tea and playing the game how much would your life have to suck to want the apocalypse ? 
 `` it would have to suck so much that your bunny slippers are your only friends . '' 
 `` it would have to suck so much that your dog wags its tail when you leave . '' 
 `` that you know all celine dion 's lyrics . '' 
 `` that you wish the entire world would end so you do n't have to wake up one more day in your crappy house-which , by the way , has no art in it whatsoever-feed your surly kids , and go to a mind-numbing job where someone is sure to have brought doughnuts to make your ass even fatter . 
 that is how much your life has to suck to want the apocalypse . '' 
 that , for the win , was zuzana . 
 ah , zuzana . 
 out in the wilderness of idaho now , as karou spent her first-ever gavriel in the fulfillment of a lifelong wish-the gavriel vanished , and she rose smoothly off the ground-her first thought was , zuzana has got to see this . 
 she was floating . 
 she gave a delighted hoot and put her arms out for balance , sculling at the air as if she were floating in the sea , but ... it was n't the sea . 
 it was the air . 
 she was flying . 
 well , maybe not quite flying-yet-but floating at the threshold of the whole freaking sky . 
 which happened to wrap around the whole freaking world . 
 above her , night was huge and everywhere , full of stars and wild things-an infinitely deep , infinitely penetrable sphere , and she rose up higher and higher , claiming it . 
 she could see the roof of bain 's cabin from over the treetops now . 
 breezes whispered in her ears , cold but playful , seeming to welcome her to the high places . 
 she could n't help laughing . 
 once she started , she could n't stop . 
 it was a helpless , incredulous stream of giggles that sounded a little nuts , but who would n't sound a little nuts at a moment like this ? 
 she was flying . 
 god , she wished there was someone here to share it with . 
 she would soon be sharing it with someone , but it was not , to say the least , the ... er , individual ... she would choose to share anything with , if all else were equal . 
 but all else was not equal . 
 there was only one individual in the entire world who could help her do what she needed to do , and that , unfortunately , was razgut . 
 the thought of izil 's creature made karou shudder , but her fate was now tied up with his . 
 in marrakesh , after learning of izil 's death , she had wandered the lanes around the mosque in a desolation of disappointment . 
 she 'd been so sure izil would be able to tell her what was going on . 
 she 'd been counting on it with such intensity . 
 she crumpled against a wall and gave in to tears that were a mixture of grief over the death of the poor , tortured man , and frustration for herself . 
 and then , echoing over the ground , came an unholy chuckle . 
 beneath a broken donkey cart something shifted , and razgut dragged himself into the light . 
 `` hello , lovely , '' he purred , and it was a testament to karou 's mental state that she was actually glad to see him . 
 `` you survived the fall , '' she said . 
 but not unscathed . 
 bereft of his human , he was splayed out over the ground . 
 one arm had been crushed ; he cradled it to his chest and dragged himself with the other , legs limp behind him . 
 and his head , his awful purple head , was flattened at the temple , crusted with dried blood , and still embedded with rocks and broken glass . 
 he gave an impatient flick of the hand . 
 `` i 've fallen farther . '' 
 karou was skeptical . 
 the minaret towered overhead , the tallest structure in the city . 
 seeing her glance up at it , razgut chuckled again . 
 it was a curdled sound : mingled misery and spite . 
 `` that 's nothing , blue lovely . 
 a thousand years ago , i fell from heaven . '' 
 `` heaven . 
 there is no heaven . '' 
 `` quibble , quibble . 
 the sky , then , if you know so much . 
 and i did n't exactly fall . 
 that makes me sound clumsy , does n't it ? 
 as though i tripped and fell into your world . 
 no . 
 i was thrown . 
 cast out . 
 exiled . '' 
 and that was how karou had learned of razgut 's origin . 
 it was hard to believe , looking at him and remembering the angel-that mythic , perfect being-that they were kin , but when she forced herself to really look at razgut , she began to see it . 
 and the splintered joints of his lost wings could not be denied . 
 he was not a creature of this world . 
 she had also understood , finally , the twisted fulfillment of izil 's bruxis . 
 in wishing for knowledge of the other world , he had gotten himself saddled with razgut , who could tell him everything that brimstone would not . 
 `` what happened to izil ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he did n't really kill himself , did he ? 
 the angel - '' `` ah , well , you can blame him , he dragged us up the minaret , but the fool hunchback flung himself off , all to protect you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` my brother seraph was looking for you , lovely . 
 naughty boy , with all his questions . 
 what does he want with you , i wonder . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 it gave karou a chill . 
 `` izil did n't tell him where i live ? '' 
 `` oh no , noble fool . 
 he danced with the sky instead , and the sky dropped him like a rotten plum . '' 
 `` oh god . '' 
 karou slumped against the wall and hugged herself . 
 `` poor izil . '' 
 `` poor him ? 
 do n't pity him , pity me . 
 he 's gone free , but look at me ! 
 do you think mules are so easy to come by ? 
 i have n't even been able to trick a beggar . '' 
 razgut pushed himself upright and used his good arm to drag his legs around in front of him . 
 his face contorted with pain , but as soon as karou began to feel the smallest hint of pity for him , his pain turned to a leer . 
 `` you 'll help me , though , wo n't you , sweet ? '' 
 he asked her , smiling . 
 his teeth were incongruously perfect . 
 `` give me a ride ? '' 
 he might have meant `` a ride '' such as izil had given him , but his tone caressed a lewder implication . 
 `` after all , this is your fault . '' 
 `` my fault ? 
 whatever . '' 
 coaxing , he purred , `` i 'll tell you secrets , like i told izil . '' 
 `` ask for something else , '' karou snapped . 
 `` i will not carry you . 
 ever . '' 
 `` oh , but i 'll keep you warm . 
 i 'll braid your hair . 
 you 'll never be lonely again . '' 
 lonely ? 
 karou felt bare in that moment , to have this creature get at her substance like that . 
 he went on , whispering : `` all that beauty , it 's wrapped around loneliness . 
 you think i did n't taste it ? 
 you 're practically hollow . 
 a piece of empty candy to lick , but oh , you taste so good . '' 
 his head fell back and he gave a groan , eyes half-lidded with remembered pleasure . 
 karou felt ill . 
 `` i could lick your neck forever , lovely , '' he moaned . 
 `` forever . '' 
 karou was a long , long way from desperate enough to strike that bargain . 
 she pushed off the wall and began to walk away . 
 `` nice chat . 
 good-bye . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 razgut called after her . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 and she would n't have thought there was anything he could say that would make her stop . 
 but then he called after her , `` you want to see your wishmonger again ? 
 i can take you there . 
 i know a portal ! '' 
 she turned to look at him , suspicious . 
 his leer was gone , replaced by his singular sustaining emotion . 
 it was one she recognized , and for the merest instant , she felt a link to the broken thing that he was . 
 it was longing on his face . 
 if her own substance was loneliness , razgut 's was longing . 
 `` the portal they pushed me through , a thousand years ago . 
 i know where it is . 
 i 'll show you , but you have to take me with you . '' 
 a hitch in his breathing , and he whispered , `` i just want to go home . '' 
 karou 's heart hummed with excitement . 
 another portal . 
 `` so let 's go , '' she said . 
 `` right now . '' 
 razgut chuffed . 
 `` if it was that easy , do you think i 'd still be here ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it 's in the sky , girl . 
 we have to fly there . '' 
 and now , thanks to two greasy gavriels pillaged from a hunter 's beard-one for her , and one for razgut-they would . 
 23 infinite patience fairy-tale city . 
 from the air , red rooftops hug a kink in a dark river , and by night the forested hills appear as spans of black nothing against the dazzle of the lit castle , the spiking gothic towers , the domes great and small . 
 the river captures all the lights and teases them out , long and wavering , and the side-slashing rain blurs it all to a dream . 
 this was akiva 's first sight of prague ; he had n't been the one to mark this portal . 
 that had been hazael , who had remarked on it after , back in their own world . 
 he 'd said that it was beautiful , and it was . 
 akiva imagined that astrae might have looked something like this in its golden age , before it was razed by the beasts . 
 city of a hundred spires , the seraph capital had been called-a tower for each of the godstars-and the chimaera had torn down every one . 
 many a human city had been demolished in war , too , but prague had been lucky . 
 it stood lovely and ghostly , its chapped stone worn smooth by centuries of storms , millions of rivulets of rain . 
 it was wet and cold , inhospitable , but that did n't bother akiva . 
 he made his own heat . 
 moisture hissed on his invisible wings and vaporized , marking out the shape of them against the night in a diffuse halo . 
 nothing a glamour could do about that , any more than it could hide his wings from his shadow , but there was no one up here to see it . 
 he was perched on a rooftop in old town . 
 the towers of tyn church reared up like devil 's horns behind the row of buildings across the street , in one of which was karou 's flat . 
 her window was dark . 
 it had been dark , and her flat empty , for the two days since he 'd found it . 
 folded in his pocket , its creases worn smooth from much handling , was a page torn from a sketchbook-number ninety-two , as was printed on its spine . 
 on the page , which had been the first in the book , a drawing showed karou with her hands clasped in supplication , accompanied by the words : if found , please return to kralodvorska 59 , no. 12 , prague . 
 you will be rewarded with cosmic goodwill and hard cash . 
 thank you . 
 akiva had n't brought the whole book with him , just this one page with its ragged edge . 
 he was n't after cosmic goodwill or hard cash . 
 just karou . 
 with the infinite patience of one who has learned to live broken , he awaited her return . 
 24 flying is easy flying , karou discovered to her delight , was easy . 
 exhilaration chased away her weariness , and with it the apathy that had settled over her after too many encounters with brimstone 's tooth-traders . 
 she flew high , marveling at the stars and feeling as though she were among them . 
 they were almost beyond belief . 
 give bain that , at least . 
 he might have no decorating sense , but he lived in the company of stars . 
 the sky looked sugared . 
 she left the cabin behind and followed the road back in the direction of boise . 
 she dipped up and down , through tiers of wind . 
 she toyed with speed-effortless , though it left her eyes streaming icy tears . 
 it was n't long before she overtook the taxi that had abandoned her to the wilds . 
 devious scenarios played in her mind . 
 she might fly alongside and knock on the window , shake her fist before launching upward again . 
 wicked girl , she thought , and she heard brimstone 's voice in her head , decrying such mischief as reckless . 
 well , maybe a little . 
 the wish itself , though-flying-and the plan that it was part of , what would he think of that ? 
 what would he think when karou turned up on his doorstep , her hair mussed from the wind of two worlds ? 
 would he be glad to see her , or would he still be furious , and roar at her that she was a fool , and cast her out once more ? 
 was she supposed to find him , or did he want her to go on like a butterfly out a window , without a backward glance , as if she 'd never even had monsters for a family ? 
 if he expected her to do that , he did n't know her at all . 
 she was going to morocco to find razgut beneath whichever trash heap or donkey cart he was hiding , and together-together ! 
 it made her cringe to even think the word connecting herself to him-they would fly through a slash in the sky and emerge `` elsewhere . '' 
 it struck her that this was what brimstone had meant by `` hope makes its own magic . '' 
 she had n't been able to simply wish open a portal , but by the strength of her will , of her hope , when she might have given up her chimaera for lost , she had instead done this . 
 she had found a way . 
 here she was , flying , and a guide waited to take her where she wanted to go . 
 she was proud , and she believed that brimstone would be , too , whether he showed it or not . 
 she shivered . 
 it was cold in the sky , and her glee at flying was giving way to chattering teeth and the return of her exhaustion , so she set herself down in the middle of the road , making her first landing as easily as if she 'd done it a thousand times , and waited for the taxi to catch up to her . 
 the driver , needless to say , was surprised to see her . 
 he looked at her like she was a ghost , and spent more time peeking at her in the rearview mirror on the way back to the airport than he did watching the road . 
 karou was too tired to even think it was funny . 
 she let her eyes close and reached into the collar of her coat for the wishbone , tucking its flanges neatly between her fingers . 
 she was almost asleep when her phone rang . 
 zuzana 's name lit up its screen . 
 karou answered , `` hello , rabid fairy . '' 
 snort . 
 `` shut up . 
 if anyone 's a fairy , it 's you . '' 
 `` i 'm not a fairy . 
 i 'm a monster . 
 and guess what . 
 speaking of fairies , do i have a surprise for you . '' 
 karou tried to imagine zuzana 's face on seeing her rise into the air . 
 should she tell her , or surprise her ? 
 maybe she could pretend to fall off a tower-or was that just mean ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 asked zuzana . 
 `` did you get me a present ? '' 
 it was karou 's turn to snort . 
 `` you 're like a kid when her parents come home from a party , checking their pockets for cake . '' 
 `` ooh , cake . 
 i 'll take cake . 
 but not pocket cake , because yuck . '' 
 `` i have no cake . '' 
 `` sigh . 
 what kind of friend are you anyway ? 
 besides the mostly absent kind . '' 
 `` right now , i 'm the mostly tired kind . 
 if you hear snoring , do n't be offended . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` idaho , on the way to the airport . '' 
 `` oh , yay , airport ! 
 you 're coming home , are n't you ? 
 you did n't forget . 
 i knew you would n't forget . '' 
 `` please . 
 i 've been looking forward to this for weeks . 
 you do n't even know . 
 it 's like , gross hunter , gross hunter , gross hunter , puppet show ! '' 
 `` how go the gross hunters , anyway ? '' 
 `` grossly . 
 but forget them . 
 are you all ready ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 freaked . 
 ready . 
 the puppet 's done and magnificent , if i do say so myself . 
 now i just need you to work your magic . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` i mean , your nonmagical magic . 
 your ordinary karou wizardry . 
 when will you be back ? '' 
 `` friday , i think . 
 i just have to stop in paris really quick - '' '' ` stop in paris really quick , ' '' repeated zuzana . 
 `` you know , a smaller soul than i might end our friendship on the grounds of you saying obnoxious things like ' i just have to stop in paris really quick . ' '' 
 `` there are smaller souls than you ? '' 
 countered karou . 
 `` hey ! 
 my body may be small , but my soul is large . 
 it 's why i wear platforms . 
 so i can reach the top of my soul . '' 
 karou laughed , a bright bell sound that drew the cab driver 's eyes to her in the rearview mirror . 
 `` and also for kissing , '' added zuzana . 
 `` because otherwise i could only date midgets . '' 
 `` how 's mik , anyway ? 
 besides not a midget ? '' 
 zuzana 's voice instantly went gooey . 
 `` he 's goood , '' she said , stretching the word out like taffy . 
 `` hello ? 
 who 's there ? 
 put zuzana back on . 
 zuzana ? 
 there 's this sappy chick on the line , pretending to be you - '' `` shut up , '' said zuzana . 
 `` just get here , okay ? 
 i need you . '' 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 `` and bring me a present . '' 
 `` tch . 
 like you deserve a present . '' 
 karou ended the call , smiling . 
 zuzana did deserve a present , and it was why she was stopping in paris before going home to prague . 
 home . 
 the word might still have air quotes around it , but half of karou 's life had been chopped off , and the other half-the normal half-was in prague . 
 her tiny flat with its rows and rows of sketchbooks ; zuzana and marionettes ; school , easels , nak * d old men with feather boas ; poison kitchen , statues in gas masks , bowls of goulash steaming on coffin lids ; even her jackass of an ex-boyfriend lurking around corners dressed like a vampire . 
 so , okay . 
 normal-ish . 
 and though there was a part of her that was anxious to go straight to morocco , collect her gruesome traveling companion , and strike out for points elsewhere , she could n't bear the thought of just disappearing , not with all that she 'd already lost . 
 she supposed she was going back to say good-bye , and to refill her normal for the last time in the foreseeable future . 
 plus , she was n't about to miss zuzana 's puppet show . 
 25 never peace karou arrived back in prague late friday night . 
 she gave the taxi driver her address , but as he neared her neighborhood , she changed her mind and asked him to let her off in josefov , near the old jewish cemetery . 
 it was the most haunted place she knew , the ground mounded high over centuries of dead , the tombstones as haphazard as bad teeth . 
 malign crows nested there , and the tree branches were like crone fingers . 
 she loved drawing there , but it was closed , of course , and it was n't her destination . 
 she walked along its buckled outer wall , feeling the weight of its silence , and made her way to brimstone 's portal , nearby . 
 or , what had been his portal . 
 she stood across the street from it , daring herself to go up and knock . 
 suppose the door just opened , she thought . 
 suppose it creaked open and issa was there with an exasperated smile on her face . 
 `` brimstone is in a foul mood , '' she might say . 
 `` are you sure you want to come in ? '' 
 as if it had all been some silly mistake . 
 and was n't it still possible ? 
 she crossed the street . 
 her heartbeat a throb of hope , she lifted her hand and knocked , three sharp raps . 
 no sooner had she done it than her hope crested painfully . 
 she sucked a big breath and found herself holding it as her heart beat its please please please and her eyes pricked with gathering tears . 
 if it opened or did n't , she would weep . 
 the tears were ready for either disappointment or relief . 
 silence . 
 please please please . 
 and ... nothing . 
 she breathed again , a slumping exhalation that unspooled a single track of tears from each eye , and still she waited , curling herself against the cold for minutes , minutes into minutes , before she finally gave up and headed home . 
 that night , akiva watched her sleep . 
 her lips were softly parted , both hands curled childlike under one cheek , her breathing deep . 
 she 's innocent , izil had claimed . 
 asleep , she looked it . 
 was she ? 
 akiva had felt haunted by her these past months-her lovely face tilted up to look at him as she cowered in his shadow , believing she was going to die . 
 the memory scalded him . 
 again and again it hit him , how close he had come to killing her . 
 and what had stopped him ? 
 something about her had conjured another girl , long-ago and long-lost , but what ? 
 it was n't her eyes . 
 they were n't loam-brown and warm as earth ; they were black-black as a swan 's , stark against the cream of her skin . 
 and in her features he could pinpoint no resemblance to that other face , beloved , first seen through fog so long ago . 
 both were beautiful , that was all , but something had made a connection and stayed his hand . 
 finally it came to him . 
 it was a gesture : the birdlike way she had cocked her head to look at him . 
 that was what had saved her . 
 so small a thing as that . 
 standing on her balcony , looking in the window , akiva asked himself , what now ? 
 memories rose unbidden of the last time he had watched someone sleep . 
 then , there had been no glass between them frosted by his breath ; he had n't been on the outside looking in , but warm beside madrigal , propped up on one elbow and testing himself to see how many minutes he could go without reaching for her . 
 not even a whole minute . 
 there had been an ache in his fingertips that could be assuaged only by touching her . 
 he had borne far fewer marks on his hands then , though he had n't been free of his death ink . 
 he was already a killer , but madrigal had kissed his marked hands , knuckle by knuckle , and absolved him . 
 `` war is all we 've been taught , '' she whispered , `` but there are other ways to live . 
 we can find them , akiva . 
 we can invent them . 
 this is the beginning , here . '' 
 she laid her palm against his bare chest-his heart jumped at her touch-and she brought his hand against her own heart , pressing it to the satin of her skin . 
 `` we are the beginning . '' 
 it had felt like a beginning , from that first stolen night with her-like the invention of a new way of living . 
 akiva had never used his hands so softly as when he traced madrigal 's sleeping eyelids with his fingertip , imagining what dreams chased behind them and made them flutter . 
 she had trusted him enough to let him touch her while she slept . 
 even in recollection , it amazed him-that from the start she had trusted him to lie beside her and trace the lines of her sleeping face , her graceful neck , her lean , strong arms and the joints of her powerful wings . 
 sometimes he 'd felt her pulse spike with jagged dreams ; other times she 'd murmured and reached for him , waking as she drew him against her and then , silkily , into her . 
 akiva turned away from the window . 
 what was it that made these memories of madrigal rise so thick and fast ? 
 the tendrils of an idea were unfurling in the deep reaches of his mind , beginning to probe for connections-a way to make the impossible possible-but he did n't admit it to himself . 
 he would n't even have believed that somewhere in him lurked the capacity for hope . 
 what , he asked himself , had made him leave his regiment in the night , not even telling hazael and liraz , to come back into this world ? 
 it would be nothing to break the window glass , or melt it . 
 in seconds he could be beside karou , waking her with a hand clamped over her mouth . 
 he could demand to know ... what , exactly ? 
 did he think she would be able to tell him why he 'd come ? 
 besides , the idea of scaring her made him ill . 
 turning his back , he stalked to the balustrade and looked out over the city . 
 hazael and liraz would have realized by now that he was gone . 
 `` again , '' they would be muttering to each other in low voices , even as they covered his absence with some quick story . 
 hazael was his half brother , liraz their half sister . 
 they were children of the harem , offspring of the seraph emperor , whose hobby was breeding bastards to fight the war . 
 their `` father '' - and they spoke the word through clenched teeth-visited a different concubine each night , women given as tribute or handpicked as they caught his eye . 
 his secretaries kept a list of his progeny in two columns , girls and boys . 
 babies were always being added , and as they grew up and died on the battlefield , they were stricken unceremoniously off . 
 akiva , hazael , and liraz had been added to the list in the same month . 
 they had grown up together , babies in that place of women , and been given over at five to training . 
 they 'd managed to stay together since , always fighting in the same regiments , volunteering for the same missions , including the last : marking brimstone 's doorways with the incendiary handprints that had ignited all in an instant to destroy the sorcerer 's portal . 
 this was the second time akiva had vanished without explanation . 
 the first time was years ago , and he 'd been gone so long that time that his brother and sister thought he 'd died . 
 a part of him had . 
 he had never told them or anyone where he 'd been for those missing months , or what had happened to make him into who he was now . 
 izil had called him a monster , and was n't he ? 
 he imagined what madrigal would think if she could see him today , and see what he had made of the `` new way of living '' they had whispered about , long ago , in the quiet world of their own cupped wings . 
 for the first time since he 'd lost her , his memory failed to conjure madrigal 's face . 
 another face intruded : karou 's . 
 her eyes were black and terrified , reflecting the blaze of his wings as he loomed above her . 
 he was a monster . 
 the things he 'd done , nothing could shrive . 
 he shook open his wings and lifted himself into the night . 
 it was wrong , his being there at the window , a lurking threat while karou slept so peacefully . 
 he retreated again across the street to let himself sleep , too , and when he did at last , he dreamed he was on the other side of the glass . 
 karou-not madrigal but karou-smiled at him and pressed her lips against his knuckles one by one , each kiss erasing black lines until his hands were clean . 
 innocent . 
 `` there are other ways to live , '' she whispered , and he woke with bile in his throat , because he knew it was n't true . 
 there was no hope , only the executioner 's ax , and vengeance . 
 and there was no peace . 
 never peace . 
 he ground the heels of his hands into his eyes as frustration built in him like a scream . 
 why had he come here ? 
 and why could n't he make himself leave ? 
 26 a soft wrongness saturday morning , karou woke up in her own bed for the first time in weeks . 
 she showered , brewed coffee , scavenged in the pantry for something edible , came up empty , and left her apartment with zuzana 's presents in a shopping bag . 
 she texted her friend en route-peekaboo ! 
 big day . 
 i 'm bringing breakfast-and bought some croissants at her corner bakery . 
 a text came back-if it 's not chocolate , it 's not breakfast-and she smiled and doubled back to the bakery for some chocolate kolaches . 
 it was then , turning around in the street , that she began to feel that something was off . 
 it was a soft sensation of wrongness , but it was enough that her steps stammered to a halt and she looked around . 
 she remembered what bain had said about living like prey , always wondering who was tracking her , and it raised her hackles . 
 her knife was in her boot , hard against the knob of her ankle , the discomfort giving her comfort . 
 she got zuzana 's kolaches and continued on , wary . 
 she held her shoulders stiff and several times looked back , but saw nothing out of the ordinary . 
 soon enough she came to the charles bridge . 
 icon of prague , the medieval bridge crossed the vltava between old town and the little quarter . 
 gothic bridge towers rose on both sides , and the whole span-pedestrian-only-was lined by monumental statues of saints . 
 this early it was almost deserted , and by the slant of the young sun , the statues flung their shadows long and lean . 
 vendors and performers were arriving with handcarts to stake out the most coveted real estate in the city , and in the very middle , before the photo-perfect backdrop of prague castle on the hill , was the giant puppeteer . 
 `` oh my god , it 's amazing , '' said karou to no one , because the puppeteer sat alone , ten feet tall and sinister , with its cruel carved face and wooden hands the size of snow shovels . 
 karou peered behind it-it was clad in an immense trench coat-and no one was there , either . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called , surprised that zuzana would have left her creation unattended . 
 but then , `` karou ! '' 
 came from inside the thing , and the back seam of the trench coat parted like the opening of a teepee . 
 zuzana darted out . 
 and snatched the bag of pastries out of karou 's hand . 
 `` thank god , '' she said , and fell to . 
 `` well . 
 good to see you , too . '' 
 `` mmph . '' 
 mik emerged after her and gave karou a hug . 
 he said , `` i 'll be her translator . 
 what she is saying , in the language of zuzana , is thank you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 asked karou , skeptical . 
 `` it sounds kind of like snarfle snarfle . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` mmph , '' agreed zuzana , nodding . 
 `` nerves , '' mik told karou . 
 `` bad ? '' 
 `` terrible . '' 
 stepping up behind zuzana , he bent down to enfold her in a spoon-hug . 
 `` ferociously , dreadfully awful . 
 she 's unbearable . 
 you take her . 
 i 've had enough . '' 
 zuzana batted at him , then squealed as he buried his face in the curve of her throat and made exaggerated kissing noises . 
 mik was sandy-haired and fair-skinned , with sideburns and a goatee and the kind of knife-blade eyes that hinted at ancestors invading across the plains from central asia . 
 he was handsome and gifted , he blushed easily and hummed when he concentrated , and he was soft-spoken but interesting-a good combination . 
 he actually listened , rather than pretending to listen while waiting a suitable interval before it was his turn to talk again , the way kaz had . 
 best of all , he was entirely dopey for zuzana , who was dopey right back . 
 they were cartoonish , the way they blushed and smiled-all they needed was hearts for eyes-and watching them made karou both deeply happy and exquisitely miserable . 
 she imagined she could practically see their butterflies-papilio stomachus-dancing the sweet tango of new love . 
 for her own part , it was harder and harder to imagine anything fluttering to life inside herself . 
 more than ever , she was the hollow girl , the emptiness seeming like an entity , malicious , taunting her with all the things she would never know . 
 no . 
 she banished the thought . 
 she would know . 
 she was on her way to knowing . 
 her smile was real when mik began kissing zuzana 's neck , but after a moment it began to feel a little like a mr. potato head smile , plastic and stuck on . 
 `` did i mention , '' she said , clearing her throat , `` that i have presents ? '' 
 that worked . 
 `` presents ! '' 
 squealed zuzana , disengaging herself . 
 she jumped up and down and clapped . 
 `` presents , presents ! '' 
 karou handed over the shopping bag . 
 in it were three parcels wrapped in heavy brown paper and tied with twine . 
 atop the largest one , a letterpress card on vellum announced , mme. v. vezerizac , artefacts . 
 the parcels were elegant , and somehow consequential . 
 as zuzana took them out of the bag , her eyebrow did its thing . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 she asked , going serious . 
 `` artefacts ? 
 karou . 
 by present , i meant , like , a stacking doll from the airport or something . '' 
 `` just open them , '' said karou . 
 `` the big one first . '' 
 zuzana opened it . 
 and started to cry . 
 `` oh my god , oh my god , '' she whispered , gathering it to her chest in a froth of tulle . 
 it was a ballet costume , but no ordinary ballet costume . 
 `` it was worn by anna pavlova in paris in 1905 , '' karou told her , excited . 
 giving gifts was so much fun . 
 she 'd never had christmases or birthday parties when she was little , but once she was old enough to leave the shop on her own , she 'd loved to bring back little things for issa and yasri-flowers , weird fruit , blue lizards , spanish fans . 
 `` okay , i totally do n't know who that is - '' `` what ? 
 she 's only the most famous ballerina ever . '' 
 eyebrow . 
 `` never mind , '' sighed karou . 
 `` she was famously tiny , so it should fit you . '' 
 zuzana held it up . 
 `` it 's ... it 's ... it 's ... it 's so degas ... '' she stammered . 
 karou grinned . 
 `` i know . 
 is n't it awesome ? 
 there 's this woman at les puces flea market who sells vintage ballet stuff - '' `` but how much did it cost ? 
 it must have cost a fortune - '' `` shush , '' said karou . 
 `` fortunes have been spent on stupider things . 
 and besides , i 'm rich , remember ? 
 obnoxious rich . 
 magic rich . '' 
 one upshot of brimstone 's provisions on her behalf was that she could afford to give presents . 
 she had given herself one in paris , too , also an artefact , though not of the ballet . 
 the knives had gleamed at her from a glass case and the instant she glimpsed them , she knew she had to have them . 
 they were chinese crescent-moon blades , one of her favorite weapons . 
 her own set , the ones she 'd trained with , were still in hong kong with her sensei , where she had n't been since the portals burned . 
 in any case , these put that set to shame . 
 `` fourteenth-century - '' madame vezerizac had begun her sales pitch , but karou did n't need to hear it . 
 it seemed disrespectful to the knives to haggle , so she paid the asking price without batting an eye . 
 each knife was made up of two blades , like crescent moons interlocking , hence the name . 
 the grips were in the middle , and when wielded the knives provided a number of piercing and slicing edges and , perhaps most important , blocking points . 
 the crescent moons were an optimal weapon for taking on multiple opponents , especially opponents with long weapons like swords . 
 if she 'd had them in morocco , the angel would not have overpowered her so easily . 
 she 'd also bought zuzana a pair of vintage toe shoes and a lovely headdress of forlorn silk rosebuds , also from the turn-of-the-century paris stage . 
 `` want to get ready ? '' 
 karou asked her , and zuzana , verklempt , nodded yes . 
 they squeezed inside the puppeteer and tossed her other , unremarkable costume aside . 
 an hour later tourists were trooping across the bridge , questing toward the castle with their guidebooks under their arms , and a not-insignificant number of them had formed an anticipatory half circle around the giant puppeteer . 
 karou and zuzana huddled inside it . 
 `` stop squirming , '' said karou , pausing with her makeup brush as zuzana engaged in an unladylike tug-of-war beneath her tutu . 
 `` my tights are crooked , '' zuzana said . 
 `` do you want your cheeks to be crooked , too ? 
 hold still . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 zuzana held still while karou painted perfect pink rouge circles onto her cheeks . 
 her face was powder-white , and her lips had been transformed to a doll 's tiny cupid 's bow , with two fine black lines out from the corners of her mouth , simulating a marionette 's hinged jaw . 
 false eyelashes fringed her dark eyes , and she was dressed in the tutu , which did indeed fit , and the toe shoes , which had seen better days . 
 her white tights were laddered with runs and patched at the knees ; one of the straps of her bodice hung broken ; and her hair was a messy chignon crowned with faded rosebuds . 
 she looked like a doll that had lain unloved in a toy chest for years . 
 a toy chest , in fact , stood open and ready to receive her as soon as her costume was squared away . 
 `` all done , '' said karou , surveying her work . 
 she clapped her hands once in delight and felt like issa when she fixed karou with temporary horns fashioned of parsnips , or a tail out of a feather duster . 
 `` perfect . 
 you look adorably pathetic . 
 some tourist is sure to try to carry you home as a souvenir . '' 
 `` some tourist will rue the day , '' zuzana said , upending her tutu and pursuing the tights tug-of-war with surly determination . 
 `` would you leave those poor tights alone ? 
 they 're fine . '' 
 `` i hate tights . '' 
 `` well , let me add them to the list . 
 this morning you hate , let me see , men in hats , wiener dogs - '' `` wiener-dog owners , '' zuzana corrected . 
 `` you 'd have to have , like , a lentil for a soul to hate wiener dogs . '' 
 `` wiener-dog owners , hairspray , false eyelashes , and now tights . 
 are you finished ? '' 
 `` hating things ? '' 
 she paused , reading some inner gauge . 
 `` yes , i think i am . 
 for now . '' 
 mik peered through the opening . 
 `` we 've got a crowd , '' he said . 
 it had been his idea to take zuzana 's semester project to the street . 
 he sometimes played his violin for change , donning a patch over his perfectly good left eye to seem more `` romantic , '' and he promised zuzana she could make a few thousand crowns in a morning . 
 he had his eye patch in place now , and looked somehow both roguish and darling . 
 `` god , you 're adorable , '' he said , his visible eye on zuzana . 
 usually adorable was not a word zuzana relished . 
 `` toddlers are adorable , '' she 'd snap . 
 but where mik was concerned , all bets were off . 
 she blushed . 
 `` you give me wrong thoughts , '' he said , slipping into the crammed space , so karou was trapped against the puppet 's armature . 
 `` is it weird that i 'm turned on by a marionette ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said zuzana . 
 `` very weird . 
 but it explains why you work at a marionette theater . '' 
 `` not all marionettes . 
 just you . '' 
 he seized her around the waist . 
 she squeaked . 
 `` careful ! '' 
 karou said . 
 `` her makeup ! '' 
 mik did n't listen . 
 he kissed zuzana lingeringly on her painted doll mouth , smearing the red of her lipstick and the white of her face makeup , and coming up at last with his own lips rosebud pink . 
 laughing , zuzana wiped it away for him . 
 karou considered touching her up , but the smear actually suited the whole disheveled look perfectly , so she left it . 
 the kiss also worked wonders on zuzana 's nerves . 
 `` i think it 's showtime , '' she announced brightly . 
 `` well , all right , then , '' said karou . 
 `` into the toy box with you . '' 
 and so it began . 
 the story zuzana told with her body-of a discarded marionette brought out of its trunk for one last dance-was deeply moving . 
 she started out clumsy and disjointed , like a rusty thing awakening , collapsing several times in a heap of tulle . 
 karou , watching the rapt faces of the audience , saw how they wanted to step forward and help the sad little dancer to her feet . 
 over her the puppeteer loomed sinister , and as zuzana twirled , its arms and fingers jittered and jumped as if it were controlling her , and not the other way around . 
 the engineering was cunning and did n't draw attention to itself , so that the illusion was flawless . 
 there came a point , as the doll began to rediscover her grace , that zuzana rose slowly onto pointe as if drawn up by her strings , and she elongated , a glow of joy on her face . 
 a smetana sonata soared off mik 's violin strings , achingly sweet , and the moment went beyond street theater to touch something true . 
 karou felt tears prick her eyes , watching . 
 within her , her emptiness pounded . 
 at the end , as zuzana was forced back into the box , she cast toward the audience a look of desperate yearning and reached out one pleading arm before succumbing to her master 's will . 
 the lid of the trunk slammed shut , and the music bit off with a twang . 
 the crowd loved it . 
 mik 's violin case filled fast with notes and coins , and zuzana took a half dozen bows and posed for photos before vanishing inside the puppeteer 's trench coat with mik . 
 karou had no doubt they were doing grievous damage to her makeup job , and she just sat on the trunk to wait it out . 
 it was there , in the midst of the school-of-fish density of tourists on the charles bridge , that the wrongness crept back over her again , slow and seeping , like a shadow when a cloud coasts before the sun . 
 27 not prey , but power you 're gon na live like prey , little girl . 
 bain 's words rang in karou 's ears as she looked around , searching faces in the throng surrounding her . 
 feeling exposed in the middle of the bridge , she squinted at the roofscapes on both riverbanks , her imagination running to the hunter sighting her through a rifle scope . 
 she shook it off . 
 he would n't , would he ? 
 the feeling faded and she told herself it had only been paranoia , but over the rest of the day it came and went in scattered chills as zuzana danced a dozen more times , gaining confidence with each performance , and mik 's violin case filled again and again , far exceeding his promised take . 
 he and zuzana tried to coax karou out to dinner with them , but she declined , pleading jet lag , which was not untrue but was also not foremost on her mind . 
 she was certain she was being watched . 
 her fingertips fluttered against her palms . 
 a prickle sparked there and traveled up her arms , and as she walked off the bridge and into the cobbled maze of old town , she knew she was being followed . 
 she paused and knelt , pretending to adjust her boot as she pulled out her knife-her ordinary knife ; her new crescent moons were in their case at her flat-and slipped it up her sleeve while scanning ahead and behind . 
 she saw no one , and kept going . 
 the first time she 'd come to prague , she 'd gotten so lost exploring these streets . 
 she 'd passed an art gallery and a few blocks later doubled back to find it , and ... could n't . 
 the city had swallowed it . 
 in fact , she had never found it . 
 there was a deceptive tangling of alleys that gave the impression of a map that shifted behind you , gargoyles tiptoeing away , stones like puzzle pieces rearranging themselves into new configurations while you were n't looking . 
 prague entranced you , lured you in , like the mythic fey who trick travelers deep into forests until they 're lost beyond hope . 
 but being lost here was a gentle adventure of marionette shops and absinthe , and the only creatures lurking around corners were kaz and his cohorts in vampire makeup , ready with a silly thrill . 
 usually . 
 tonight karou felt a real threat , and with each step she took , cool , precise , she willed it to manifest . 
 she wanted to fight . 
 her body was a loaded spring . 
 the way it so often taunted her with the phantom of what else it might be doing , at this moment , she was sure that in her phantom life she would fight . 
 `` come on , '' she whispered to her unseen pursuer , ducking her head and quickening her pace . 
 `` i have a surprise for you . '' 
 she was on karlova , the major pedestrian route between the bridge and old town square , and tourists continued thick as fish . 
 she moved among them , darting and erratic , throwing looks back over her shoulder more to craft the illusion of fear than in the hope of catching a glimpse of her stalker . 
 at the intersection of a quiet side alley , she ducked left , hugging close to the wall . 
 she knew this territory well . 
 it was riddled with lurking places for kaz 's tours . 
 just ahead , the curve of a medieval guildhall created a hidden niche where she had several times lain in wait in ghost garb . 
 she moved into the shadows to tuck herself away . 
 and came face to face with a vampire . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 said a sharp voice as karou worked a quick reversal of momentum and tottered backward , out of the shadows . 
 `` oh god , '' said the voice . 
 `` you . '' 
 the vampire leaned back against the wall and crossed her arms in an attitude of bored superiority . 
 svetla . 
 karou 's jaw clenched at the sight of the other girl . 
 she was model tall and thin , with a harsh kind of beauty that was sure to age scary . 
 she was wearing white face paint and goth eyeliner , with fake fangs and a dribble of blood at the corner of her ruby lips . 
 kaz 's sexy vampire vixen to a t , black cape and all , and she was , most inconveniently , wedged into karou 's intended hiding place . 
 stupid , karou admonished herself . 
 it was tour hour . 
 of course kaz 's hiding places would be stuffed with actors . 
 it often amused her , as she walked through old town in the evening , to see bored ghosts leaning against walls , texting or tweeting while they waited for the next clutch of tourists to be led along . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 svetla asked , her lip curling like she smelled something off . 
 she was one of those beautiful girls with a knack for making herself ugly . 
 karou glanced back to karlova , then ahead to the next curve in the alley that could provide her with cover . 
 it was too far down ; she could n't chance it . 
 she could almost feel her stalker drawing nearer . 
 svetla drawled , `` if you 're looking for kaz , do n't bother . 
 he told me what you did . '' 
 jesus , thought karou . 
 as if any of that mattered now . 
 she said , `` svetla , shut up , '' and thrust herself into the niche right along with her , shoving the other girl back against the stones . 
 svetla gasped and tried to shove her out . 
 `` what are you doing , freak ? '' 
 `` i said shut up , '' karou hissed , and when svetla did not , she whipped her knife from her sleeve and held it up . 
 it curved at the tip like the claw of a cat , and its edge caught a thread of light and glinted . 
 svetla gave a little gasp and fell silent , but not for long . 
 `` oh , right . 
 i 'm so sure you 're going to stab me - '' `` listen , '' said karou , low . 
 `` just be quiet for a minute and i 'll fix your stupid eyebrows . '' 
 shocked silence preceded a rasped `` what ? '' 
 svetla 's hair was cut in a long , hard bang , so low it brushed her eyes , and it was shellacked with hairspray so it scarcely moved , all in order to hide her eyebrows , on which karou had wasted a shing in a fit of spite around christmastime . 
 black and bushy under her hair , they were likely not working any wonders for her modeling career . 
 svetla 's expression hovered somewhere between confusion and outrage . 
 there was simply no way that karou could know about her eyebrows , always kept so carefully covered . 
 she would think karou had been spying on her . 
 karou did n't care what she thought . 
 she just wanted silence . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' she breathed . 
 `` but only if i 'm still alive to do it , so shut up . '' 
 voices drifted over from karlova , along with strains of music from nearby cafes , and the purr of engines . 
 she could n't hear footsteps , but that did n't mean anything . 
 hunters understood stealth . 
 svetla 's expression remained aghast , but for the moment , at least , she was quiet . 
 karou stood rigid and fierce-eyed , listening intently . 
 someone was coming . 
 footsteps like the ghosts of footsteps . 
 out in the alley , a shadow seeped into view . 
 karou watched it lengthen on the ground in front of her as its source drew nearer . 
 her palms throbbed ; she clasped her knife tighter and peered at the shadow , trying to make sense of it . 
 she blinked , and words spilled across her thoughts . 
 not bain 's words , but razgut 's . 
 my brother seraph was looking for you , lovely . 
 the shadow . 
 the shadow had wings . 
 oh god , the angel . 
 karou 's pulse went jagged . 
 the distraction of bain 's warning lifted like smoke to reveal what had been there all along : in her palms , a coursing energy . 
 her hamsas were on fire . 
 how could she not have realized sooner ? 
 she turned a ferocious warning glare on svetla and mouthed , quiet . 
 svetla dropped the snarl . 
 she looked afraid . 
 the shadow advanced , and behind it , the angel . 
 he was peering ahead , intense . 
 his wings were glamoured , his eyes glowed in the gloom , and karou had a clear view of his profile . 
 his beauty was as shocking as it had been the first time she 'd seen him . 
 fiala , she invoked her drawing teacher , if you could see this . 
 though there was a pair of sheathed swords crossed on his back , his arms were passive at his sides , hands slightly raised and fingers splayed as if to demonstrate he was unarmed . 
 good for you , thought karou , tightening her grip on her knife . 
 i 'm not . 
 he drew even with the niche . 
 karou gathered herself . 
 and leapt . 
 she had to launch herself upward to hook him around the neck-he was tall , six foot four at least-and she slammed into him hard and sent him staggering . 
 she clung to him , feeling immediately what she could n't see : the heat and mass of wings , invisible but real . 
 she felt too the warmth and breadth of his shoulders and arms , and was keenly aware of their powerful vitality as she brought her blade against his throat . 
 `` looking for me ? '' 
 `` wait - '' he said , making no move to fight her or throw her off . 
 `` wait , '' karou scoffed , and , on impulse , she took the flat of her other hand and pressed its ink eye to the exposed skin of the angel 's neck . 
 as in morocco , when she had first directed the unknown magic of her hamsas at him , something happened . 
 that time , it had hurled him through the air . 
 now , its awful force did n't hit and throw him-it went into him . 
 where karou 's tattoo touched him , she felt a shrieking in his skin that forced shudders down into his flesh and reverberated up her own arm , into the core of her , even the roots of her teeth . 
 it was mind-splitting . 
 horrific . 
 and that was her . 
 for him , it was much worse . 
 spasms wracked his powerful form , threatening to knock her loose . 
 she hung on . 
 he choked . 
 the magic wracked him . 
 it felt sick and wrong-what was it doing ? 
 he lurched , shaking violently , and tried to pry her hand away , but his fingers fumbled . 
 under karou 's hand , his skin was smooth and hot , so hot , so hot , and the heat was rising . 
 the heat of his wings , too , like a bonfire whipped into a frenzy . 
 fire , invisible fire . 
 karou could n't bear it . 
 her palm lost contact with his neck . 
 as her hand came away , stinging with the heat , the angel rallied . 
 he grabbed her wrist and pivoted hard , flinging her off . 
 she landed light and spun back to face him . 
 he stood slouched , breathing hard , one hand holding his neck as he stared at her with his tiger 's eyes . 
 she felt pinned in place , and for a long beat she could only stare back . 
 he looked pained . 
 puzzlement drew a crease in his brow , like he was divining a mystery . 
 like she was his mystery . 
 then he moved , and the moment unfroze . 
 he raised his hands , placating . 
 his nearness pulsed at karou . 
 her hamsas pulsed . 
 her heart , her fingertip , her memories : a slashing sword , kishmish on fire , torched portals , izil the last time she 'd seen him , wailing , `` malak ! '' 
 and when she raised her hands , it was not in peace . 
 one gripped her knife ; the other flashed its eye . 
 the seraph flinched and the hamsa buffeted him back several steps . 
 `` wait , '' he said , straining against it . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 a laugh caught in karou 's throat . 
 just who was in danger of being hurt here ? 
 she felt powerful . 
 her phantom life had stopped taunting her , had slipped instead into her skin and possessed her . 
 this was who she was : not prey , but power . 
 she launched herself at him , and he fell back . 
 she pursued , he retreated . 
 in all the sparring she 'd done in years of training , she 'd always held a little something back . 
 not now . 
 feeling strong , feeling unleashed , she delivered a whirling kata , landing blows to his chest , his legs , even his upheld , peacemaking hands , and with every contact she was reminded of his solidity-his firmly rooted physical presence . 
 angel or not-whatever that even meant-there was nothing ethereal about him . 
 he was flesh . 
 `` why are you following me ? '' 
 she growled in chimaera . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 karou laughed . 
 it really was kind of funny . 
 she felt light as air and bright as danger . 
 she attacked in a cool fury and still he barely defended himself , only parrying knife jabs and cringing under the force of her outfaced hamsa . 
 `` fight , '' she hissed at him when another kick hit home and he did nothing but absorb it . 
 he did n't . 
 instead , the next time she came at him , he gathered the air beneath him and took flight , lifting off the cobbles and out of her reach . 
 `` i just want to talk to you , '' he said from above her . 
 she threw her head back and looked up to where he hovered in the air . 
 the draft of his wingbeats whipped her hair around her face in wild blue tendrils . 
 she smiled , savage , and sank into a crouch . 
 `` so talk , '' she said , and sprang into the air to meet him . 
 28 attitude of prayer in her hiding place , the vampire svetla momentarily forgot how to breathe . 
 down the alley at the junction with karlova , a small tour group rounded the corner and came to a shocked halt . 
 gum fell from slack mouths . 
 kaz , sporting a top hat and carrying a wooden stake jauntily under one arm , perceived that his ex-girlfriend was in midair . 
 honestly , he was n't that surprised . 
 there was something about karou that activated an unusual credulity . 
 things you would n't dream of believing of others seemed , where karou was concerned , not such a stretch . 
 karou , flying ? 
 well , why not ? 
 what kaz felt was n't surprise . 
 it was jealousy . 
 karou was flying , sure , but she was not flying alone . 
 she was with a man , a man who even kaz-who claimed it was `` gay '' to recognize the attractiveness of other men-had to admit to himself was beautiful to the point of absurdity . 
 beautiful to the point of completely overdoing it . 
 uncool , he thought , crossing his arms . 
 it could n't exactly be described as flying , what the two were doing . 
 they were up even with the roofline , but they were barely moving-circling like cats , staring at each other with extraordinary intensity . 
 the air fairly throbbed between them , and kaz felt it like a punch in the gut . 
 then karou attacked the guy , and he felt much better . 
 later he would claim the airborne fight was part of his tour , and he 'd rake in record tips . 
 he 'd refer to karou as his girlfriend , infuriating svetla , who would stalk home to glare at her eyebrows-still caterpillar-fat-in the mirror . 
 but for now , they all just gawked at the two beautiful creatures fighting in the air with the rooftops of prague behind them . 
 well , karou was fighting , anyway . 
 her opponent only dodged , with great grace and a strange kind of ... gentleness ? 
 ... and he seemed to shy away from her and flinch as if struck even when she had n't touched him . 
 it went on like that for a few minutes as the crowd thickened on the ground , and then it happened that when she came at him , the guy seized her hands so she dropped her knife-it fell a long way and landed point down between cobblestones and stuck there-and he held her . 
 it was strange : he held her palms pressed together in an attitude of prayer . 
 she struggled , but he was clearly much stronger and held her with ease , his hands pressed over hers , like he was forcing her to pray . 
 he spoke to her and his words drifted down to the onlookers , foreign and richly tonal , rough and somehow a little ... animal . 
 whatever he said to her , she gradually stopped struggling . 
 still , he kept her hands folded in his own for a long moment . 
 over in old town square , the bells of tyn church tolled nine , and it was only when the ninth hour echoed into silence that he released her and sculled backward in the air , tense and watchful , like one who has released a wild thing from a cage and does n't know if it 's going to turn on him . 
 karou did n't turn on him . 
 she drew away . 
 the two spoke , gestured . 
 karou 's movements in the air were languid , her long legs curled up beneath her , arms moving with a tidal rhythm , as if she were keeping herself afloat . 
 it all looked so effortless-so possible-that several tourists cautiously tested the air with their own arms , wondering if they had n't strayed into some pocket of the world where ... well , where people could fly . 
 and then , just when they were becoming accustomed to the startling sight of the blue-haired girl and black-haired man floating overhead like a piece of magnificent performance art , the girl made a sudden move . 
 the man sagged in the air and started to fall in fits and starts , struggling to stay aloft . 
 he lost the struggle and went limp . 
 his head rolled back , loose on his neck , and , in a sizzle of sparks that gave the brief impression of the tail of a comet , he plunged to earth . 
 29 starlight to the sun when the angel thought he could get away simply by lifting ten feet off the ground , karou took a devilish pleasure in surprising him . 
 but if he was surprised , he did n't show it . 
 she rose up into the air in front of him , and he looked at her . 
 just looked . 
 his gaze was heat across her cheeks , her lips . 
 it was touch . 
 his eyes were hypnotic , his brows black and velvet . 
 he was copper and shadow , honey and menace , the severity of knife-blade cheekbones and a widow 's peak like the point of a dagger . 
 all that and the muted snap of invisible fire , and facing him , karou was jolted into the hum of blood and magic , and something else . 
 in her belly : a flutter of winged things shaking themselves fervently to life . 
 it brought a flush to her cheeks . 
 the temerity of butterflies to trouble her now . 
 what was she , some giddy girl to swoon at beauty ? 
 `` beauty , '' brimstone had scoffed once . 
 `` humans are fools for it . 
 as helpless as moths who hurl themselves at fire . '' 
 karou would not be a moth . 
 for the moments that they circled each other , she reminded herself that though the seraph would n't fight her now , he had spilled her blood before . 
 he had left her scarred . 
 worse , he had burned the portals and left her alone . 
 she put on her anger like armor and attacked him again , surging at him in the air , and for a few minutes she was able to fool herself that she was a match for him , that she could ... what ? 
 kill him ? 
 she was barely even trying to use her knife . 
 she did n't want to kill him . 
 what did she want ? 
 what did he want ? 
 and then he grabbed her hands and in one smooth movement disarmed her and disabused her of any notion she might have had that she was winning . 
 he pressed her palms together so she could n't lash out with her hamsas again-up close she saw that his neck was welted white where she had touched him-and he was so strong , she could n't break free . 
 his hands were warm and enclosed hers completely . 
 her magic was trapped in her palms , one tattoo hot against the other , and her knife had fallen to the street below . 
 she was caught . 
 she experienced a frantic moment , remembering the way he had stood over her in morocco , the deadness of his expression . 
 but it was n't dead now . 
 far from it . 
 he might have been someone else entirely , his look was so full of feeling . 
 what feeling ? 
 pain . 
 he glistened with a fever sheen . 
 his face bore the strain of endured agony , and his breathing was uneven . 
 but that was n't all . 
 he blazed with intensity , leaning toward karou in the air , looking , looking , alive with a searing , wide-eyed searching . 
 his touch , his heat , his gaze washed over her and , in an instant , it was not butterflies she felt . 
 that was small , the flutterings of a giddy girl . 
 this new thing that sprang up between them , it was ... astral . 
 it reshaped the air , and it was in her , too-a warming and softening , a pull-and for that moment , her hands in his , karou felt as powerless as starlight tugged toward the sun in the huge , strange warp of space . 
 she fought against it , trying to get away . 
 his voice low and hoarse , the angel said , `` i 'm not going to hurt you . 
 what happened before , i 'm sorry . 
 please believe me , karou . 
 i did n't come here to hurt you . '' 
 she startled at the sound of her name and stopped struggling . 
 how did he know her name ? 
 `` why did you come ? '' 
 on his face , a helpless look . 
 he said again , `` i do n't know , '' and this time it did n't strike her as funny . 
 `` just ... just to talk , '' he said . 
 `` to try to understand this ... this ... '' he fumbled for words and trailed away , at a loss , but karou thought she knew what he meant , because she was trying to understand it , too . 
 `` i ca n't withstand more of your magic , '' he said , and she was aware again of his strain . 
 she had really hurt him . 
 as she should , she told herself . 
 he was her enemy . 
 the heat in her hands told her that . 
 her scars told it , and her severed life . 
 but her body was n't listening . 
 it was focused on the contact of their skin , his hands on hers . 
 `` but i wo n't hold you , '' he said . 
 `` if you want to hurt me , it 's no more than i deserve . '' 
 he released her . 
 his heat deserted her and the night rushed between them , colder than it had been before . 
 clasping her hamsas in her fists , karou backed away , barely aware that she was still floating . 
 holy . 
 what was that ? 
 remotely , she was conscious that she was flying in plain view of a gathered mass of people , and that more gawkers were coming in droves , as if the tourist route of karlova had been diverted into this side channel . 
 she sensed their pointing and amazement , saw the camera flashes , heard the shouts , but it was all muted muted muted , like it was playing on a screen , less real than the moment she was living . 
 she was on the cusp of something ineffable . 
 when the seraph had held her hands , and when he had let her go , it was as if she had been filled and did n't realize it until he pulled away and the absence rushed back in . 
 it pounded inside her now , cold and aching , void and wanting-wanting-and a desperate part of her had to be stilled from darting forward to grab his hands again . 
 wary of the extraordinary compulsion beating in her , she forced herself to resist . 
 it was like fighting a tide , and in the fight was the same terror : of being swept into deep water , beyond all safety . 
 karou panicked . 
 when the angel made as if to move toward her , she threw up her hands between them , both hands at once , and at close range . 
 his eyes went wide and he faltered in the air , a breach in his perfect grace . 
 karou 's breath caught . 
 he tried to steady himself on the lintel of a fourth-story window , and failed . 
 his eyes rolled back and he dropped a few feet , sending up sparks . 
 was he losing consciousness ? 
 karou spoke around a tight constriction in her throat . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 but he was n't , and he fell . 
 akiva was dimly aware that he was no longer in the air . 
 beneath him , stone . 
 in flashes he saw faces peering at him . 
 consciousness strobed . 
 voices in languages he could n't understand , and at the edge of sight : blue . 
 karou was there . 
 a roar rose up in his ears and he forced himself upright , and the roar was ... applause . 
 karou , her back to him , dropped a theatrical curtsy . 
 with a flourish she plucked her knife from where it had embedded itself between cobbles , and sheathed it in her boot . 
 she peered over her shoulder at him , seeming relieved to see him conscious , and then stepped back and ... took his hand . 
 carefully , just her fingertips in his , so her marks would n't burn him . 
 she helped him stand , and said , low in his ear , `` bow . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` just take a bow , okay ? 
 let them think this was a performance . 
 it 'll be easier to get away . 
 leave them trying to figure out how we did it . '' 
 he gave an approximation of a bow and the applause thundered . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 karou asked . 
 he nodded . 
 it still was n't easy getting away . 
 people stood in their way , wanting to talk to them . 
 karou spoke ; he did n't know what was said , did n't understand the language , but her answers were clipped . 
 the onlookers were awed and delighted-except one of them , a young man in a tall hat who glared at akiva and tried to take karou 's elbow . 
 his proprietary air stirred old wrath in akiva and made him want to throw the human into a wall , but karou did n't need his intervention . 
 she brushed the man aside and led akiva out of the crowd . 
 her fingers were still in his ; they were cool and small , and he was sorry when , turning a corner into a plaza of empty market stalls , she pulled away . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asked , putting distance between them . 
 he steadied himself against a wall in the shadows beneath an awning . 
 `` not that i did n't deserve it , '' he said . 
 `` but i feel as though an army has marched over me . '' 
 she paced , anxious energy fairly vibrating in her . 
 `` razgut said you were looking for me . 
 why ? '' 
 `` razgut ? '' 
 akiva was startled . 
 `` but i thought he was - '' `` dead ? 
 he survived . 
 not izil , though . '' 
 akiva looked at the ground . 
 `` i did n't know he would jump . '' 
 `` well , he did . 
 but that does n't answer my question . 
 why were you looking for me ? '' 
 again , the helplessness . 
 he groped for meaning . 
 `` i did n't understand who you were . 
 are . 
 a human , marked with the devil 's eyes . '' 
 karou looked at her palms , then up at him , a confused vulnerability in her expression . 
 `` why do they ... do that ? 
 to you ? '' 
 he narrowed his eyes . 
 could she not know ? 
 the eye tattoos were just one example of brimstone 's deviltry . 
 the magic hit like a wall of wind , one that carried a fury of sickness and weakness , and akiva had trained to resist it-all seraph soldiers did-but there was only so much he could take . 
 if he 'd been in battle , he 'd have sliced off the enemy 's hands before letting them focus so much of their evil energy at him . 
 but karou ... the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her again , so he had endured as much as he could . 
 now more than ever she struck him like a fairy in a tale-a haunted one with shadowed eyes and a sting like a scorpion . 
 the scorch of her touch on his neck felt like an acid splash , accompanying the dull , roiling nausea from her relentless assault . 
 he felt enfeebled , and feared he might collapse again . 
 he said carefully , `` they 're the revenants ' marks . 
 you must know that . '' 
 `` revenant ? '' 
 he studied her face . 
 `` do you really not know ? '' 
 `` know what ? 
 what 's a revenant ? 
 is n't it a ghost ? '' 
 `` it 's a chimaera soldier , '' he said , which was part of the truth . 
 `` the hamsas are for them . '' 
 pause . 
 `` only . '' 
 she made tight , sudden fists . 
 `` obviously not only . '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 everything was between them , everything he 'd felt suffuse the air while they faced each other over the rooftops . 
 being near her was like balancing on a tipping world , trying to keep your footing as the ground wanted to roll you forward , hurl you into a spiral from which there was no recovery , only impact , and it was a longed-for impact , a sweet and beckoning collision . 
 he 'd felt this before and never wanted to feel it again . 
 it could only diminish the memory of madrigal ; it already was . 
 again his memory failed to conjure her face . 
 it was like trying to call up a melody while another song played . 
 karou 's face was all he could see-shining eyes , smooth cheeks , the arc of soft lips pressed together in consternation . 
 he 'd cut out feeling ; it should n't even have been possible to feel this-this welter , this urgency and tumult , this thrum . 
 and under it all , a crippled twist of thought he held prisoner in the shadows of his mind , so warped he did n't recognize it for what it was : a hope . 
 a very small hope . 
 and at its center : karou . 
 she was a wingspan away , still pacing . 
 they were prowling on the edges of their mutual compulsion , both afraid to draw nearer together . 
 `` why did you burn the portals ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he let out a deep breath . 
 what could he say ? 
 for vengeance ? 
 for peace ? 
 both were true in their way . 
 warily , he said , `` to end the war . '' 
 `` war ? 
 there 's a war ? '' 
 `` yes , karou . 
 war is all there is . '' 
 she was taken aback , again , by his use of her name . 
 `` are brimstone and the others ... are they okay ? '' 
 there was a breathlessness in her voice akiva realized was fear-fear of what his answer would be . 
 under the roiling nausea from the hamsas , he felt another , deeper sickness-the beginnings of dread . 
 `` they 're in the black fortress , '' he said . 
 `` fortress . '' 
 her voice lifted in hope . 
 `` with the bars . 
 i was there , i saw it , the night you attacked me . '' 
 akiva looked away . 
 a wave of nausea went through him . 
 the throbbing in his head was getting hard to focus past ; only once before had he taken such sustained trauma from the devil 's marks , a torture he had not expected to survive , and still did n't understand why he had . 
 he was having a hard time holding his eyes open , and his body felt like an anchor trying to drag him down . 
 voices . 
 karou 's head snapped around . 
 akiva looked . 
 some of their audience had traced them here and were pointing . 
 `` follow me , '' said karou . 
 as if he could have done anything else . 
 30 you she led him to her flat , all the while thinking , stupid , stupid , what are you doing ? 
 answers , she told herself . 
 i 'm getting answers . 
 she hesitated at the elevator , unsure about being in so small a space with the seraph , but he was n't in any state to climb stairs , so she pushed the button . 
 he followed her in , seeming unfamiliar with the principle of elevators , and startled slightly when the mechanism chugged to life . 
 in her flat , she dropped her keys in a basket by the door and looked around . 
 on the wall : her angel of extinction wings , uncannily like his wings . 
 if he noticed the similarity , his face gave away nothing . 
 the space was too small for the wings to be spread to their full span , so they were suspended like a canopy , half-sheltering the bed , which was a deep teak bench piled princess-and-the-pea with feather mattresses . 
 it was unmade and lost in an avalanche of old sketchbooks that karou had been leafing through the night before , keeping company in the only way she could with her family . 
 one lay open to a portrait of brimstone . 
 she saw the angel 's jaw clench at the sight of it , and she grabbed it and clutched it to her chest . 
 he went to the window and looked out . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` akiva . '' 
 `` and you know mine how ? '' 
 a long beat . 
 `` the old man . '' 
 izil . 
 of course . 
 but ... a thought struck her . 
 had n't razgut said izil leapt to his death to protect her ? 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 it was dark outside , and akiva 's eyes reflected orange in the window glass . 
 `` it was n't difficult , '' was all he said . 
 she was going to ask him to be specific , but he closed his eyes and leaned his brow against the glass . 
 she said , `` you can sit down , '' and gestured to her deep green velvet armchair . 
 `` if you 're not going to burn anything . '' 
 his lips made a grim twist that was like the joyless cousin of a smile . 
 `` i wo n't burn anything . '' 
 he loosed the buckle on the leather straps that crossed his chest , and his swords , sheathed between his shoulder blades , fell to the floor with two thunks that karou did not think her downstairs neighbor would appreciate . 
 then akiva sat , or rather collapsed , in the chair . 
 karou shoved her sketchbooks aside to make a space for herself on the bed , and seated herself in lotus position facing him . 
 the flat was tiny-just room for the bed and the chair and a set of carved nesting tables , all atop karou 's splurge of a persian carpet , haggled for while it was still on the loom in tabriz . 
 one wall was all bookcases , facing one all of windows , and off the entry hall : a tiny kitchen , tinier closet , and a bathroom roughly the size of a shower stall . 
 the ceilings were a fairly preposterous twelve feet , making even the main room taller than it was wide , so karou had built a loft above the bookcases , which she had to climb to reach it , just deep enough to lounge on turkish cushions and take in the view out the high windows : a direct line over the rooftops of old town to the castle . 
 she watched akiva . 
 he had let his head drop back ; his eyes were closed . 
 he looked so weary . 
 he was rolling one shoulder gingerly , wincing as if it pained him . 
 she considered offering him tea-she could have used some herself-but it felt too much like playing hostess , and she struggled to remember the dynamic between them : they were enemies . 
 right ? 
 she studied him , mentally correcting the drawings she 'd done from memory . 
 her fingers itched to snatch up a pencil and draw him from life . 
 stupid fingers . 
 he opened his eyes and caught her looking . 
 she blushed . 
 `` do n't get too comfortable , '' she said , discomposed . 
 he struggled upright . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's like this , after battle . '' 
 battle . 
 he watched guardedly as she processed the idea . 
 she said , `` battle . 
 with chimaera . 
 because you 're enemies . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he repeated , as if the notion of enemies needed no justification . 
 `` yes . 
 why are you enemies ? '' 
 `` we have always been . 
 the war had been going on for a thousand years - '' `` that 's weak . 
 two races ca n't have been born enemies , can they ? 
 it had to start somewhere . '' 
 a slow nod . 
 `` yes . 
 it started somewhere . '' 
 he rubbed his face with his hands . 
 `` what do you know of chimaera ? '' 
 what did she know ? 
 `` not a lot , '' she admitted . 
 `` until the night you attacked me , i did n't even know there were more than the four of them . 
 i did n't know they were an entire race . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they are n't one race . 
 they 're many , allied . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 karou supposed that made sense , with how unalike they were . 
 `` does that mean there are others like issa , like brimstone ? '' 
 akiva nodded . 
 the idea gave new shades of reality to the world karou had glimpsed . 
 she imagined scattered tribes in vast landscapes , a whole village of issas , families of brimstones . 
 she wanted to see them . 
 why had she been kept from them ? 
 akiva said , `` i do n't understand what your life has been . 
 brimstone raised you , but just in the shop ? 
 not in the fortress itself ? '' 
 `` i did n't even know what was on the other side of the inner door until that night . '' 
 `` he took you inside , then ? '' 
 karou pursed her lips , remembering the wishmonger 's fury . 
 `` sure . 
 let 's say that 's what happened . '' 
 `` and what did you see there ? '' 
 `` why would i tell you that ? 
 you 're enemies , in which case , you 're my enemy , too . '' 
 `` i 'm not your enemy , karou . '' 
 `` they 're my family . 
 their enemies are mine . '' 
 `` family , '' akiva repeated , shaking his head . 
 `` but where did you come from ? 
 who are you , really ? '' 
 `` why does everybody ask me that ? '' 
 karou asked , animated by a flash of anger , though it was something she had wondered herself almost every day since she was old enough to understand the extreme oddness of her circumstances . 
 `` i 'm me . 
 who are you ? '' 
 it was a rhetorical question , but he took it seriously . 
 he said , `` i 'm a soldier . '' 
 `` so what are you doing here ? 
 your war is there . 
 why did you come here ? '' 
 he took a deep , shuddering breath , sank back once more into the chair . 
 `` i needed ... something , '' he said . 
 `` something apart . 
 i have lived war for half a century - '' karou interrupted him . 
 `` you 're fifty ? '' 
 `` lives are long , in my world . '' 
 `` well , you 're lucky , '' said karou . 
 `` here , if you want long life , you have to yank out all your teeth with pliers . '' 
 the mention of teeth brought a dangerous flicker to his eyes , but he said only , `` long life is a burden , when it 's spent in misery . '' 
 misery . 
 did he mean himself ? 
 she asked him . 
 his eyes fluttered shut as if he 'd been struggling to keep them open and abruptly abandoned the fight . 
 he was silent for so long that karou wondered if he 'd fallen asleep , and gave up on her question . 
 it felt intrusive , anyway . 
 and she sensed he had meant himself . 
 she thought of the way he 'd looked in marrakesh . 
 what made the life go out of somebody 's eyes like that ? 
 again the caretaker impulse came to her , to offer him something , but she resisted it . 
 she let herself stare at him-the cut of his features , the deep black of his brows and lashes , the bars inked on his hands , which were splayed open on the chair arms . 
 with his head tilted back , she could see the welt on his neck and , a little higher up , the steady pulse of his jugular vein . 
 once more his physicality struck her , that he was a flesh-and-blood being , though unlike any she had ever seen or touched . 
 he was a melding of elements : fire and earth . 
 she would have thought an angel would have something of air , but he did n't . 
 he was all substance : powerful and rugged and real . 
 his eyes opened and she jumped , caught staring once again . 
 how many times was she going to blush , anyway ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , his voice faint . 
 `` i think i fell asleep . '' 
 `` um . '' 
 she could n't help it . 
 `` do you need some water ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 he sounded so grateful she felt a pang of guilt for not offering sooner . 
 she untangled her legs from their lotus , rose , and brought him a glass of water , which he drained in a draft . 
 `` thank you , '' he said in a weirdly heartfelt way , as if he were thanking her for something much more profound than a glass of water . 
 `` uh . 
 uh-huh , '' she said , awkward . 
 she felt like she was hovering , standing there . 
 there was really nowhere in the room to go except the bed , so she scooted back onto it . 
 she kind of wanted to take off her boots , but that was something you did n't do if there was any chance you might have to quickly flee or kick someone . 
 judging from akiva 's plain exhaustion , she did n't think she was in danger of either . 
 the only danger was of foot smell . 
 she kept her boots on . 
 she said , `` i still do n't get why you burned the portals . 
 how does that end your war ? '' 
 akiva 's hands tightened on the empty water glass . 
 he said , `` there was magic coming through the doorways . 
 dark magic . '' 
 `` from here ? 
 there 's no magic here . '' 
 `` says the flying girl . '' 
 `` okay , but that 's because of a wish , from your world . '' 
 `` from brimstone . '' 
 she acknowledged this with a nod . 
 `` so you know that he 's a sorcerer . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 uh . 
 yeah . '' 
 she 'd never really thought of brimstone as a sorcerer . 
 did he do more than manufacture wishes ? 
 what did she know , really , and how much did she not know ? 
 her ignorance was like standing in pure dark that could be either a closet or a vast , starless night . 
 a kaleidoscope of images whirled in her mind . 
 the fizz of magic when she stepped into the shop . 
 the array of teeth and gems , the stone tables in that underground cathedral , laid out with the dead ... the dead who were not , as karou had learned the hard way , actually dead . 
 and she remembered issa admonishing her not to make brimstone 's life any harder-his `` joyless '' life , as she had said . 
 his `` relentless '' work . 
 what work ? 
 she picked up a sketchbook at random , fanning past drawings of her chimaera so that they made a jerky kind of animation . 
 `` what was the magic ? '' 
 she asked akiva . 
 `` the dark magic . '' 
 he did n't answer , and she expected when she looked up to see that he had fallen asleep again , but he was watching the images flash past in her sketchbook . 
 she snapped it closed , and his eyes fixed on her instead . 
 again , that vivid searching . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , discomfited . 
 `` karou , '' he said . 
 `` hope . '' 
 she raised her eyebrows , as if to say so ? 
 `` why did he give you that name ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 it was getting tiring , not knowing anything . 
 `` why did your parents name you akiva ? '' 
 at the mention of his parents , akiva 's face hardened , and the vivid watchfulness of his gaze glazed back to fatigue . 
 `` they did n't , '' he said . 
 `` a steward named me from a list . 
 another akiva had been killed . 
 the name opened up . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 karou did n't know what to make of that . 
 it made her own strange upbringing seem cozy and familial by comparison . 
 `` i was bred to be a soldier , '' akiva said in a hollow voice , and he closed his eyes again , tightly this time , as if gripped by a wave of pain . 
 he was silent for a long time , and when he spoke again , he said far more than she expected . 
 `` i was taken from my mother at five years old . 
 i do n't remember her face , only that she did nothing when they came for me . 
 it 's my earliest memory . 
 i was so small that they were just legs , these looming soldiers surrounding me . 
 they were the palace guard , so their shin plates were silver , and i could see myself mirrored in them , in all of them , my own terrified face over and over . 
 they took me to the training camp , where i was one of a legion of terrified children . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` where they punished our terror and taught us to conceal it . 
 and that became my life , the concealment of terror , until i did n't feel it anymore , or anything else . '' 
 karou could n't help imagining him as a child , afraid and forsaken . 
 tenderness welled up in her like tears . 
 in a fading voice , he said , `` i exist only because of war-a war that began a thousand years ago with a massacre of my people . 
 babies , elders , no one spared . 
 in astrae , the capital of the empire , the chimaera rose up to massacre the seraphim . 
 we are enemies because the chimaera are monsters . 
 my life is blood because my world is beasts . 
 `` and then i came here , and humans ... '' a dreamlike wonder shaded into his tone . 
 `` humans were walking freely , weaponless , gathering in the open , sitting in plazas , laughing , growing old . 
 and i saw a girl ... a girl with black eyes and gemstone hair , and ... sadness . 
 she had a sadness that was so deep , but it still could turn to light in a second , and when i saw her smile i wondered what it would be like to make her smile . 
 i thought ... i thought it would be like the discovery of smiling . 
 she was connected to the enemy , and though the only thing i wanted to do was look at her , i did what i was trained to do and i. . . 
 i hurt her . 
 and when i went home , i could n't stop thinking about you , and i was so grateful that you had defended yourself . 
 that you did n't let me kill you . '' 
 you . 
 karou did not miss the pronoun shift . 
 she sat unblinking , barely breathing . 
 `` i came back to find you , '' akiva said . 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 karou . 
 karou . 
 i do n't know why . '' 
 his voice was so faint she could barely hear him . 
 `` just to find you and be in the world that you 're in ... '' karou waited , but he did n't say any more , and then ... something happened in the air around him . 
 a shimmer , like an aura at first , brightening to light and becoming wings-open and upthrust from his shoulder blades to sprawl over the armchair and sweep the carpet in great arabesques of fire . 
 his glamour had given way , and karou almost gasped to see his wings revealed , but the flame did n't catch . 
 it was smokeless , somehow self-contained . 
 the subtle shifts of the fire-feathers were hypnotic , and karou breathed again , deeply , and sat watching them for minutes as akiva 's features relaxed into something like peacefulness . 
 this time he was truly asleep . 
 she got up and took the water glass from his hands . 
 she turned off the light . 
 his wings were sufficient illumination , even for drawing . 
 she got out her sketchbook and a pencil , and she drew akiva asleep at the locus of his vast wings , and then from memory , with his eyes open . 
 she tried to capture the precise shape of them ; she used charcoal for the heavy black kohl that rimmed them and made him look so exotic , and she could n't take leaving his fiery irises colorless . 
 she grabbed a watercolor box and painted . 
 she drew and painted for a long time , and he did n't move except for the soft rise and fall of his chest and the glimmer of his wings , which cast the room in a firelight glow . 
 karou did n't plan to sleep , but some time after midnight she subsided , still half on the landslide of her sketchbooks , to `` rest her eyes '' for a moment . 
 she fell into dreams , and when she woke just before dawn-something woke her , a quick , bright sound-the room around her was , for a blink , entirely unfamiliar . 
 only the wings on the wall over her were not , and gave her a surge of pleasure , and then it all slid away as dreams do . 
 she was in her flat , of course , on her bed , and the sound that had awakened her was akiva . 
 he was standing over her , and his eyes were molten . 
 they were wide , his orange irises ringed around in white , and he was holding , one in each hand , her crescent-moon knives . 
 31 right karou sat up with a suddenness that sent sketchbooks skidding off the bed . 
 her pencil was still in her hand , and the thought struck her : always with the ridiculous weapon , where this angel was concerned . 
 but even as she adjusted her grip on it , ready to stab , akiva was backing away , lowering the knives . 
 he set them where he had found them , where she had left them , in their case , atop the nesting tables . 
 they would have been practically under his nose when he woke . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't mean to frighten you . '' 
 just then , lit only by the flicker of his wings , the sight of him was so ... right , somehow . 
 he was right . 
 it made no sense at all , but the feeling flooded through karou , and whatever it was , it was as sweet as a patch of sun on a glossy floor and , like a cat , she just wanted to curl up in it . 
 she tried to pretend she had n't been about to stab him with a pencil . 
 `` well , '' she said , stretching and letting it drop casually out of her hand . 
 `` i do n't know your customs , but here , if you do n't want to frighten someone , you do n't go looming over their sleeping body with knives . '' 
 was that a smile ? 
 no . 
 a twitch at the corners of his stern mouth ; it did n't qualify . 
 she caught sight of the sketchbook open before her , the evidence of her late-night portrait session right there for him to see . 
 she flipped it quickly shut , though he 'd of course have seen it while she was still sleeping . 
 how could she have fallen asleep with this stranger in her flat ? 
 how could she have brought this stranger to her flat ? 
 he did n't feel like a stranger . 
 `` they 're unusual , '' akiva said , gesturing to the knife case . 
 `` i just got them . 
 beautiful , are n't they ? '' 
 `` beautiful , '' he agreed , and he might have been talking about the knives , but he was looking straight at her . 
 she flushed , suddenly conscious of her appearance-mussed hair , sleep drool ? 
 - then got angry . 
 what did it matter what she looked like ? 
 what exactly was going on here ? 
 she shook herself and climbed off the bed , trying to find a space in the tiny room outside his radiant aura . 
 it was impossible . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' she said , and stepped into the hall and then the tiny bathroom . 
 separated from him , she experienced a sharp fear that she would return to find him gone . 
 she relieved herself , wondering if seraphim were above such mundane needs-though judging from the duskiness of his jaw , akiva was not above the need for a razor-then splashed water on her face and brushed her teeth . 
 she ran a brush through her hair , and every moment she lingered , her anxiety grew that when she returned she would find just an empty room , balcony door standing open and the whole universe of sky above , giving no hint which way he 'd gone . 
 but he was still there . 
 his wings were glamoured gone again , his swords strapped in place at his back , innocuous in their decorative leather sheaths . 
 `` um , '' she said , `` bathroom 's in there , if , uh ... '' he nodded and went past her , awkward as he tried to wedge his invisible wings into the tiny space and get the door closed . 
 karou hurriedly changed into clean clothes , then went to the window . 
 it was still dark out . 
 the clock said five . 
 she was starving , and knew from her previous morning 's foraging that there was nothing even remotely edible in the kitchen . 
 when akiva emerged , she asked , `` are you hungry ? '' 
 `` as if i might die of it . '' 
 `` come on , then . '' 
 she picked up her coat and keys and started toward the door , then paused and changed direction . 
 she went out onto the balcony instead , climbed up onto the balustrade , glanced back over her shoulder at akiva , and stepped right off . 
 six stories to the street , she landed light as hopscotch , unable to suppress a smile . 
 akiva was right beside her , unsmiling as ever . 
 she could n't quite imagine him smiling ; he was so somber , but was n't there something in the way he looked at her ? 
 there , in that sidelong glance : a hint of wonder ? 
 she recalled the things he 'd said in the night , and now , seeing flickers of feeling interrupt the sad gravity of his face , it shot a pang through her heart . 
 what had his life been like , given over so young to war ? 
 war . 
 it was an abstraction to her . 
 she could n't conceptualize its reality , not even the edges of its reality , but the way akiva had been-dead-eyed-and the way he looked at her now , it made her feel as if he was coming back from the dead for her , and that seemed a tremendous thing , and an intimate one . 
 the next time their eyes met , she had to look away . 
 she took him to her corner bakery . 
 it was n't open yet , but the baker sold them hot loaves through the window-honey-lavender , fresh from the oven and still steaming in their crinkly brown bags-and then karou did what anyone would do if they could fly and found themselves out on the streets of prague at dawn with loaves of hot bread to eat . 
 she flew , gesturing to akiva to follow , up into the sky and over the river , to perch on the high , cold cupola of the cathedral bell tower , and watch the sun rise . 
 akiva kept close behind her , watching the snap of her hair , its long tendrils taking on the damp of dawn . 
 karou had been wrong to suppose her flying did n't surprise him . 
 it was only that he had learned over many years to crush down all feeling , all reaction . 
 or he thought he had . 
 in the presence of this girl , it seemed , nothing was certain . 
 there was a neatness in the way she sliced through the air . 
 it was magic-not glamoured wings , but simply the will to fly made manifest . 
 a wish , he supposed , from brimstone 's own supply . 
 brimstone . 
 the thought of the sorcerer came on like an ink splash , a black thought against the brightness of karou . 
 how could something as light as karou 's graceful flight come from the evil of brimstone 's magic ? 
 they flew above casual observation , over the river and veering in the direction of the castle , where they circled down toward the cathedral at its heart . 
 it was a gothic beast , carved and weathered like some tortured cliff battered by ages of storms . 
 karou alighted upon the cupola of the bell tower . 
 it was not a kind perch . 
 the wind scoured past , full of ice and ill will , and karou had to gather her hair in her hands and hold it off her face . 
 she produced a pencil-the same one she had brandished at him ? 
 - knotted her hair , and shoved the pencil through it ; an all-purpose implement . 
 blue wisps escaped the arrangement and danced across her brow , blowing over her eyes and catching on her lips , which were smiling with uncomplicated , childlike delight . 
 `` we 're on the cathedral , '' she said to him . 
 he nodded . 
 `` no . 
 we 're on the cathedral , '' she said again , and he thought he was missing something , some nuance lost in language , but then he realized : she was just amazed . 
 amazed to be perching atop the cathedral , high on the hill above prague with everything below her . 
 she hugged her arms around the warm bread and stood looking out , and on her face was a nak * d awe more potent than akiva could ever recall feeling , even when flying was new . 
 it was likely he had never felt any such thing . 
 his own early flights were n't occasion for awe or joy-only discipline . 
 but he wanted to be part of the moment that was making her face shine like that , so he moved to her side and looked out . 
 it was a remarkable sight , the sky beginning to flush pale at the roots , all the towers bathed in a soft glow , the streets of the city still shadowed and aglitter with fireflies of lamplight and the weaving , winking beams of headlights . 
 `` you have n't come up here before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she turned to him . 
 `` oh , yes , i bring all the boys up here . '' 
 `` and if they do n't meet with approval , '' he said , `` you can always push them off . '' 
 it was the wrong thing to say . 
 karou 's expression darkened . 
 no doubt she was thinking of izil . 
 akiva admonished himself for making an effort at humor . 
 of course it would come off all wrong . 
 it had been a long time since he 'd had the will to banter . 
 `` the truth is , '' karou said , letting it pass , `` i only made the wish for flying a few days ago . 
 i have n't had a chance to enjoy it yet . '' 
 again he was surprised ; it must have shown this time , because karou caught his look and said , `` what ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you were so smooth in the air , and the way you stepped off your balcony without a second 's pause , as if flying is just a part of you . '' 
 she said , `` you know , it did n't occur to me that the wish could wear off . 
 that would have been some punishment for showing off , would n't it ? 
 splat . '' 
 she laughed , untroubled by the thought , and said , `` i should be more careful . '' 
 `` do the wishes wear off ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't think so . 
 my hair has never changed back . '' 
 `` that 's a wish ? 
 brimstone let you use magic on ... that ? '' 
 `` well . 
 he did n't exactly approve . '' 
 she skewed him a glance that was both sheepish and defiant . 
 `` it 's not like he ever let me have any real wishes . 
 just enough to make minor mischief-oh . '' 
 a thought struck her . 
 `` oops . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i made a promise last night and forgot all about it . '' 
 she rummaged in her coat pocket and pulled out a small coin , on which akiva glimpsed brimstone 's likeness . 
 it was there on her palm when she closed her hand ; when she opened it , it was gone . 
 `` magic , '' she said . 
 `` poof . '' 
 `` what did you wish ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just something stupid . 
 a mean girl somewhere down there is going to wake up happy . 
 not that she deserves it . 
 hussy . '' 
 she stuck out her tongue at the city , a flash of childish whimsy . 
 `` oh . 
 here . '' 
 she turned to akiva and thrust one of the bakery bags at him . 
 `` you know , so you do n't die . '' 
 while they ate , he saw that she was shivering , and he opened his wings-invisible-so the wind would catch their heat and fan it around her . 
 it seemed to help . 
 she sat down , dangling her legs over the edge , and kicked them casually while she pulled little pieces of bread off her loaf and ate them . 
 he went into a crouch at her side . 
 `` how are you feeling , by the way ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that depends , '' he said , feeling sly , as if karou 's whimsy were catching . 
 `` on ? '' 
 `` on whether you 're asking because you 're concerned for my well-being , or because you mean to keep me weak and helpless . '' 
 `` oh . 
 weak and helpless . 
 definitely . '' 
 `` in that case , i feel awful . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she said it seriously enough , but with a glint in her eye . 
 akiva realized that she had been taking care with her hamsas , to not accidentally turn them in his direction . 
 he was moved , as he had been when he 'd awakened to find her sleeping just feet from him , so lovely and vulnerable , and her trust , like madrigal 's , so unearned . 
 `` i 'm feeling better , '' he said softly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` do n't thank me . 
 i 'm the one who hurt you . '' 
 shame engulfed him . 
 `` not ... not like i hurt you . '' 
 `` no , '' karou agreed . 
 `` not like that . '' 
 the wind was spiteful ; with an insurgent gust it freed her hair , then danced in to seize it ; in an instant it was everywhere , as if a pod of air elementals were trying to make off with it , to line their nests with its blue silk . 
 she scrambled to contend with it ; the pencil was lost over the roof 's edge , plunging between flying buttresses , so she held her hair with both hands . 
 akiva waited for her to say she was ready to get down out of the wind , but she did n't . 
 the sun climbed above the hills and she watched as its glow herded night into the shadows where it gathered , all the darker for its density-all of night crowded into the slanting places beyond the reach of the dawn . 
 after a while she said , `` you know last night , you said your earliest memory was of the soldiers coming for you - '' `` i told you that ? '' 
 he was startled . 
 `` what , do n't you remember ? '' 
 she turned to him , eyebrows twin quirks , cocoa-dark , raised in surprise . 
 he shook his head , searching his mind . 
 he 'd been so ill from the devil 's marks , it was all a fugue , but he could n't believe he 'd spoken of his childhood , and that day of all days . 
 it made him feel as if he 'd dragged that bereft little boy out of the past-as if , in a moment of weakness , he had become him again . 
 he asked , `` what else did i say ? '' 
 karou cocked her head . 
 it was the gesture that had saved her in marrakesh , the quick birdlike tilt , to regard him almost sideways , and akiva 's heart sped up . 
 `` not much , '' she said , after a moment . 
 `` you fell asleep after that . '' 
 she was clearly lying . 
 what had he said to her in the night ? 
 `` anyway , '' she went on , not meeting his eyes , `` you got me thinking , and i was trying to remember my own earliest memory . '' 
 she levered herself back to her feet from the roof 's edge , a move that required releasing her hair , which sprang wild back into the wind . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` brimstone . '' 
 a hitch in her breathing , a fond and infinitely sad smile . 
 `` it 's brimstone . 
 i 'm sitting on the floor behind his desk , playing with the tuft of his tail . '' 
 playing with the tuft of his tail ? 
 that did n't fit with akiva 's own idea of the sorcerer , which had been forged by his deepest anguish , seared into his soul like a brand . 
 `` brimstone , '' he said , bitter . 
 `` he was good to you ? '' 
 karou was fierce in her reply . 
 her hair a blue torrent , her eyes hungry , she said , `` always . 
 whatever you think you know of chimaera , you do n't know him . '' 
 `` is n't it possible , karou , '' he said slowly , `` that it 's you who do n't really know him ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what exactly do n't i know ? '' 
 `` his magic , for one thing , '' said akiva . 
 `` your wishes . 
 do you know what they come from ? '' 
 `` come from ? '' 
 `` it 's not free , karou . 
 magic has a price . 
 the price is pain . '' 
 32 both place and person pain . 
 as akiva explained , karou felt sick . 
 she thought of every nonsensical wish she 'd ever made-why had brimstone never told her ? 
 the truth would have achieved what all his grumpy looks never did . 
 she would never have made another wish if she 'd known . 
 `` to take from the universe , you must give , '' said akiva . 
 `` but ... why pain ? 
 could n't you give something else ? 
 like ... joy ? '' 
 `` it 's a balance . 
 if it were something easy to give , it would be meaningless . '' 
 karou said , `` you really think joy is easier to come by than pain ? 
 which have you had more of ? '' 
 he gave her a long look . 
 `` that 's a good point . 
 but i did n't create the system . '' 
 `` who did ? '' 
 `` my people believe it was the godstars . 
 the chimaera have as many stories as races . '' 
 troubled , karou asked , `` well ... where does the pain come from ? 
 is it his own pain ? '' 
 akiva said , `` no , karou . 
 it is not his own pain . '' 
 he enunciated each word carefully , and the implication hung there : if it was n't his own pain , whose was it ? 
 she felt queasy . 
 an image came to her of bodies laid out on tables . 
 no . 
 that could be something else completely . 
 she knew brimstone , did n't she ? 
 she might not know ... well , anything about him ... but she knew him , trusted him , not this angel . 
 swallowing a lump in her throat , she said , `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 not ungently , he said , `` karou , what were the errands you did for him ? '' 
 she opened her mouth to answer and closed it again . 
 a slow wave of understanding began to creep over her , and she wanted to push it away . 
 teeth : one of the great mysteries of her life . 
 carcasses , pliers , death . 
 those russian girls with their bloody mouths . 
 for as long as she had been aware of brimstone 's trafficking , she had held on to the idea that he needed the teeth for something vital , and that pain was a sad and desperate corollary of it . 
 but ... what if pain was the whole point ? 
 if it was how brimstone paid for his power , for wishes , for everything ? 
 `` no , '' she said , and shook her head , but the conviction had gone out of her . 
 a little while later , when she stepped back off the cathedral and into the air , her pleasure in flying was gone . 
 whose pain , she wondered , had paid for it ? 
 they went to a teahouse on nerudova , the long , winding road down from the castle , and akiva proceeded to tell her about his world . 
 empire and civilization , uprising and massacre , cities lost and taken , lands burned , walls battered , sieges where the children starved first , no matter that their parents gave them all they had and perished soon after . 
 he talked of bloodshed and terror in a land of failing beauty . 
 `` the ancient forests have gone to build ships , siege engines ; or they 've been torched so they could n't be turned to ships and siege engines . '' 
 of hulking , ruined cities , mass graves , treachery . 
 beast armies that kept coming and kept coming , never dwindling , never breaking . 
 there were other things-epic , terrible things-that he did n't tell her but skirted around , like caressing the edges of a wound , hesitant , testing for pain . 
 karou , listening wide-eyed , horror-struck at the brutality , wished that some time in the last seventeen years brimstone had seen fit to give her a lesson in elsewhere . 
 it occurred to her to ask , `` what 's it called , your world ? '' 
 `` eretz , '' akiva said , which caused karou 's eyebrows to shoot up . 
 `` that 's earth , '' she said . 
 `` in hebrew . 
 why do our worlds have the same name ? '' 
 `` once , the magi believed the worlds were layered , like rock sediment , or the rings of trees , '' said akiva . 
 `` uh , okay , '' said karou , brow furrowed . 
 and then , `` magi ? '' 
 `` the seraph sorcerers . '' 
 `` you said ` once . ' 
 what do they believe now ? '' 
 `` they believe nothing . 
 the chimaera slaughtered them all . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 karou pursed her lips . 
 what could you say to something like that ? 
 `` well . '' 
 she pondered the idea of the worlds . 
 `` maybe we just stole the name eretz from you way back when , the way we built our religions on the look of you . '' 
 it was what brimstone had called a quilt of fairy tales , which humans had patched together out of glimpses . 
 `` beauty equals good ; horns and scales , evil . 
 simple . '' 
 `` and , in this case , true . '' 
 behind the counter , the waitress was staring back and forth between them . 
 karou wanted to ask her what she was looking at , but did n't . 
 `` so basically , '' she said to akiva , trying to gather all the things he 'd told her into a simple strand , `` the seraphim want to rule the world , the chimaera do n't want to be ruled , and that makes them evil . '' 
 his jaw worked ; he was displeased with the simplification . 
 `` they were nothing but barbarians in mud villages . 
 we gave them light , engineering , the written word - '' `` and took nothing for it , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` nothing unreasonable . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 karou wished she 'd paid closer attention in her own human history classes so she could better imagine a context for the vast scope of what he was telling her . 
 `` so , a thousand years ago , for no good reason , the chimaera rose up and slaughtered their masters , and took back control of their lands . '' 
 he objected . 
 `` the land had never been theirs . 
 they had small farm holdings , stone hovels . 
 at the most , villages . 
 the cities were built by the empire , and not just cities . 
 viaducts , harbors , roads - '' `` but it was where they 'd been born and died since , like , the beginning of everything ? 
 where they fell in love , raised their babies , buried their elders . 
 so what if they had n't built cities on it ? 
 was n't it still theirs ? 
 i mean , unless you 're going on the rule that what 's yours is what you can defend , in which case anyone is within their rights at any time to try to take anything from anyone else . 
 that 's hardly civilization . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 akiva took a deep breath . 
 `` we built the world , in good faith . 
 we lived alongside them - '' `` as equals ? '' 
 karou asked . 
 `` you keep calling them ` beasts , ' so i have to wonder . '' 
 he did n't answer right away . 
 `` what have you seen of them , karou ? 
 did you say four chimaera , and none of them warriors ? 
 when you have seen your brothers and sisters gored by minotaurs , mauled by lion-dogs , ripped to pieces by dragons , when you have seen your - '' whatever he was about to say , he bit it off hard , with a look of agony . 
 `` when you have been tortured and forced to witness the execution of ... loved ones ... then you can speak to me of what makes a beast . '' 
 loved ones ? 
 he did n't mean brothers and sisters , the way he said that . 
 karou felt a pang of ... surely it was n't jealousy . 
 what did it matter who he loved , or had loved ? 
 she swallowed . 
 what could she say ? 
 she could n't contradict a thing he 'd told her . 
 her ignorance was entire , but that did n't mean she had to just believe him , either . 
 `` i 'd like to hear brimstone 's side , '' she said quietly . 
 something occurred to her then , something big . 
 `` you could take me there . 
 you could take me back . '' 
 he blinked , startled , then shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's no place for humans . '' 
 `` and this is a place for angels ? '' 
 `` it 's not the same . 
 it 's safe here . '' 
 `` oh , really ? 
 tell my scars how safe it is here . '' 
 she pulled the collar of her shirt out of shape to reveal the puckered slash of scar tissue across her collarbone . 
 akiva winced at the sight of it , ugly and of his own making , and karou set her collar back in place . 
 `` besides , '' she argued , `` there are more important things than safety . 
 like ... loved ones . '' 
 she felt cruel , using his words , like she was twisting a knife . 
 `` loved ones , '' he repeated . 
 `` i told brimstone i would never just leave him , and i wo n't . 
 i 'm going , even without your help . '' 
 `` how do you plan to do that ? '' 
 `` there are ways , '' she said , cagey . 
 `` but it would be easier if you would take me . '' 
 easier indeed . 
 what a preferable traveling companion akiva would be to razgut . 
 but he said , `` i ca n't take you . 
 the portal is guarded . 
 you 'd be killed on sight . '' 
 `` you seraphim do a lot of that , killing on sight . '' 
 `` the monsters have made us who we are . '' 
 `` monsters . '' 
 karou thought of issa 's laughing eyes , yasri 's excitable flutter and soothing touch . 
 she called them monsters herself sometimes , but fondly , the same way she called zuzana rabid . 
 from akiva 's mouth , the word was just ugly . 
 `` beasts , devils , monsters . 
 if you 'd ever known any chimaera , you could n't dismiss them like that . '' 
 he dropped his eyes and did n't answer , and the thread of their conversation was lost in a tense silence . 
 she thought he looked pale , still unwell . 
 the tea mugs were big earthen affairs without handles , and karou cupped hers with both hands . 
 she kept her palms flat against it , both to warm them up after the frigid hours atop the cathedral and to prevent herself from inadvertently flashing any painful magic at akiva . 
 across the table , his pose mirrored her own , his hands also wrapped around his mug , so that she could n't help seeing his tattoos : the repeating black bars across the tops of his fingers . 
 each one was slightly raised , like scar tissue , and karou thought that , unlike hers , they were just cuts rubbed in lampblack-a primitive procedure . 
 the longer she looked at them , the more she was seized with a strange sense of knowing something , or almost knowing it . 
 it was as if she was at the cusp of an awareness , vibrating between knowing and not knowing , so fast that she could n't quite register what it was-like trying to see the wings of a bee in flight . 
 she could n't fix on it . 
 akiva saw her staring , and it made him self-conscious . 
 he shifted , covering one hand with the other , as if he could blot out the tattoos . 
 `` do yours have magic in them , too ? '' 
 karou asked . 
 `` no , '' he said , she thought , a little gruffly . 
 `` what , then ? 
 do they mean something ? '' 
 he did n't answer and she reached out , unthinking , to trace them with her fingertip . 
 they were in a classic five-count pattern : for every four lines , the fifth was a diagonal strike-through . 
 `` it 's a count , '' she said , as her fingertip moved lightly from one five-count to the next on his right index finger-five , ten , fifteen , twenty-and each time she touched him it was like a leaping spark and a call , a call to entwine her fingers in his , and even-god , what was wrong with her ? 
 - to lift his hands to her lips and kiss the marks there ... and then , out of nowhere , she knew . 
 she knew what they tallied , and snatched back her hand . 
 she stared at him and he sat there , unguarded , ready to accept whatever judgment she would lash at him . 
 `` they 're kills , '' she said , faint . 
 `` they 're chimaera . '' 
 he did n't deny it . 
 as when she had attacked him , he would n't defend himself . 
 his hands stayed where they were , still as bones , and karou knew he was fighting the urge to hide them . 
 she was shaking , staring at those marks , thinking of the ones she 'd touched-twenty on one index finger alone . 
 `` so many , '' she said . 
 `` you 've killed so many . '' 
 `` i 'm a soldier . '' 
 karou imagined her own four chimaera dead and put a hand over her mouth , afraid she might be sick . 
 when he 'd been telling her of the war , it was a world away . 
 but akiva was real and right in front of her , and the fact that he was a killer was real now , too . 
 like teeth spilled across brimstone 's desk , all those marks stood for blood , death-not of wolves and tigers , but the blood and death of chimaera . 
 she was looking at him , fixed on him , and ... she saw something . 
 as if the moment split like an eggshell to reveal another moment inside it , almost indistinguishable from it-almost-and then it was gone , and time stood intact . 
 akiva was just as he had been and nothing at all had happened , but that glimpse ... karou heard herself say , in a vague voice that might have emanated from within that eggshell moment , `` you have more now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 akiva regarded her , blank-then , like lightning strike , not blank . 
 he sat sharply forward , his eyes wide and flashing , the sudden movement upsetting his tea . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said again , louder . 
 karou drew back . 
 akiva seized her hand . 
 `` what do you mean , i have more now ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 more marks , she 'd meant . 
 she had seen something in that spliced moment . 
 there was the real akiva , sitting before her , and there was a flash of the impossible , too : akiva smiling . 
 no grim twist of the lips but , warm with wonderment , a smile so beautiful it ached . 
 there were crinkles at the corners of his eyes , which were merry and asquint with unselfconscious happiness . 
 the change was profound . 
 if he was beautiful when grave-and he was-smiling , he was nothing short of glorious . 
 but karou would swear that he had not smiled . 
 and that impossible akiva , who had existed for that instant-there had been something else : his hands had carried fewer marks , some of his fingers entirely bare of them . 
 her hand was still in his , resting in the puddle of his spilled tea . 
 the waitress came out from behind the counter and stood poised with a towel , uncertain . 
 karou extricated her hand and sat back to let her wipe up the mess , which she did , still glancing back and forth between them . 
 when she was finished she asked , hesitantly , `` i was just wondering ... i was wondering how you did it . '' 
 karou looked at her , uncomprehending . 
 the waitress was a girl about her own age , full-cheeked and flushed . 
 `` last night , '' she clarified . 
 `` the flying . '' 
 ah . 
 the flying . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 karou asked . 
 it seemed a strange coincidence . 
 `` i wish , '' said the girl . 
 `` i saw it on tv . 
 it 's been on the news all morning . '' 
 oh , thought karou . 
 oh . 
 her hand went to her phone , which had been giving off snippy snorts and buzzes for the past hour or so , and she checked its screen . 
 missed calls and texts spooled across it , most from zuzana and kaz . 
 damn . 
 `` were there wires ? '' 
 the waitress asked . 
 `` they could n't find any wires or anything . '' 
 karou said , `` no wires . 
 we were really flying , '' then gave her trademark wry smile . 
 the girl beamed back , thinking she was part of a joke . 
 `` do n't tell me , then , '' she said , mock-angry , and she left them alone except to bring akiva more tea . 
 he was still sitting back , regarding karou with those lightning-strike wide eyes and that vivid , searching wariness . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , self-conscious . 
 `` why are you looking at me like that ? '' 
 he lifted his hands and raked his nails through his dense , cropped hair , holding on to his head for a beat . 
 `` i ca n't help it , '' he said , abashed . 
 karou experienced a fizz of pleasure . 
 she realized that over the course of the morning all the hardness had gone from his face , or nearly . 
 his lips were softly parted , his gaze unguarded , and now that she 'd seen-imagined ? 
 - that impossible flash of a smile , it was n't so difficult to imagine it could happen again , and for real this time . 
 for her , maybe . 
 oh god . 
 be that cat ! 
 she reminded herself . 
 the one that stayed out of reach , and never-ever-purred . 
 sitting back , she composed her features in what she hoped was the human version of feline disdain . 
 she gave him the gist of what she 'd learned from the waitress , though she was n't sure he really understood about television , let alone the internet . 
 or phones , for that matter . 
 `` can you give me a minute ? '' 
 she asked him , and she dialed zuzana , who picked up on the first ring . 
 her voice exploded in karou 's ear . 
 `` karou ? '' 
 `` it 's me - '' `` oh my god ! 
 are you all right ? 
 i saw you on the news . 
 i saw him . 
 i saw ... holy jesus , karou , do you realize that you were flying ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 is n't it awesome ? '' 
 `` it is not awesome ! 
 un-awesome ! 
 i thought you were dead somewhere . '' 
 she was on the edge of hysteria , and it took karou a few minutes to calm her , all the while mindful of akiva 's eyes on her , and trying to keep her feline cool . 
 `` you 're really okay ? '' 
 zuzana asked . 
 `` he does n't have , like , a knife to your throat , forcing you to say you are ? '' 
 `` he does n't even speak czech , '' karou assured her , then gave her a quick rundown of the previous night , letting her know he had n't tried to hurt her-had gone to extremes of passiveness to not hurt her-and finishing with , `` we , um , watched the sun rise from the top of the cathedral . '' 
 `` the hell ? 
 was it a date ? '' 
 `` no , it was n't a date . 
 honestly , i do n't know what it was . 
 is . 
 i do n't know what he 's doing here ... '' her voice faltered as she looked at him . 
 it was n't just the smile , or the marks on his hands . 
 she knew , somehow , that his right shoulder was a mass of scar tissue . 
 he favored it ; she 'd seen that . 
 that must be how she knew . 
 why , then , did she know what the scars looked like ? 
 felt like ? 
 `` karou ? 
 hello ? 
 karou ? '' 
 karou blinked and cleared her throat . 
 it had happened again : her own name , floating right past , unconnected to herself . 
 she sensed from zuzana 's agitation that she had been missing in action for a few beats past any acceptable span of zoning out . 
 `` i 'm here , '' she said . 
 `` where ? 
 i keep asking you . 
 where are you ? '' 
 karou had momentarily forgotten . 
 `` um . 
 oh . 
 the teahouse on nerudova . '' 
 `` sit . 
 stay . 
 i 'm coming there . '' 
 `` no , you 're not - '' `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` zuze - '' `` karou . 
 do n't make me hurt you with my tiny fists . '' 
 `` fine , '' karou relented . 
 `` come on , then . '' 
 zuzana boarded with a widow aunt in hradcˇany , not far away . 
 `` i 'll be there in ten , '' she said . 
 karou could n't resist telling her , `` it 's faster if you fly . '' 
 `` freak . 
 do n't you dare leave . 
 and do n't let him leave , either . 
 i have threats to deliver . 
 judgments to pass . '' 
 `` i do n't think he 's going anywhere , '' said karou , and she looked straight at akiva as she said it , and he looked back , molten , and she knew it was true , but she did n't know why . 
 he was n't human . 
 he was n't even from her world . 
 he was a soldier with scores of kills on his hands , and he was the enemy of her family . 
 and yet , something tied them together , stronger than any of that , something with the power to conduct her blood and breath like a symphony , so that anything she did to fight against it felt like discord , like disharmony with her self . 
 as far back as she could remember , a phantom life had mocked her with its impenetrable `` something else , '' but now it was the opposite . 
 here , in the circle of akiva 's presence , even as they spoke of war and siege and enduring enmity , she felt herself being drawn into the warm absoluteness and rightness of him , like he was both place and person and , contrary to all reason , exactly where she was supposed to be . 
 33 preposterous `` my tiny scary friend is coming here , '' karou told akiva , drumming her fingers on the table . 
 `` the one from the bridge . '' 
 karou recalled that he had been following her yesterday , and would have seen zuzana perform . 
 she nodded . 
 `` she knows about your world , a little . 
 and she knows you tried to kill me , so ... '' `` should i be afraid ? '' 
 akiva asked , and for a second karou thought he was serious . 
 he always looked so serious , but it was another hint of dry humor , like atop the cathedral when he had surprised her with his joke about pushing off bad dates . 
 `` terribly afraid , '' she replied . 
 `` all cower before her . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 her mug was empty , but she kept her palms on it , less now for fear of flashing magic at akiva than to keep her hands from making any more unsanctioned sallies across the table to touch his . 
 she should have been repelled by his hands with their death count , and she was , but not only . 
 side by side with the horror was ... the pull . 
 she knew he felt it , too , that his hands were fighting their own battle not to reach for hers . 
 he kept looking at her , and she kept blushing , and their conversation stuttered along until the door opened and zuzana stomped in . 
 she came straight to the table and stood facing akiva . 
 she was fierce , ready to scold , but when she saw him , really saw him , she faltered . 
 her expression warred with itself-ferocity with awe-and awe won out . 
 she cast a sidelong glance at karou and said , in helpless amazement , `` oh , hell . 
 must . 
 mate . 
 immediately . '' 
 it was so unexpected , and karou was already so on edge , that laughter burst from her . 
 she sank back in her chair and let it pour out : soft , glittering laughter that worked another change in akiva 's countenance as he watched her with a hopeful , piercing scrutiny that made her tingle , she felt so ... seen . 
 `` no , really , '' said zuzana . 
 `` right now . 
 it 's , like , a biological imperative , right , to get the best genetic material ? 
 and this '' - she made spokesmodel hands at akiva - `` is the best genetic material i have ever seen . '' 
 she pulled up a chair beside karou , so the two of them were like a gallery observing the seraph . 
 `` fiala would so eat her words . 
 you should bring him in to model on monday . '' 
 `` right , '' said karou . 
 `` i 'm sure he would n't mind stripping for a bunch of humans - '' `` disrobing , '' said zuzana , prim . 
 `` for art . '' 
 `` are you going to introduce us ? '' 
 akiva asked . 
 the chimaera tongue , which they had been using all along , now sounded out of place , like a rough echo from another world . 
 karou nodded , fanning away laughter . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , and made a cursory introduction . 
 `` of course , i 'll have to translate if you want to say anything to each other . '' 
 `` ask him if he 's in love with you , '' said zuzana at once . 
 karou almost choked . 
 she turned her whole body in her chair to face zuzana , who held up a hand before she could protest . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 you 're not going to ask him that . 
 and you do n't even need to . 
 he so is . 
 look at him ! 
 i 'm afraid he 's going to set you on fire with his crazy orange eyes . '' 
 it did feel like that , karou had to admit . 
 but love ? 
 that was preposterous . 
 she said so . 
 `` you want to know what 's preposterous ? '' 
 said zuzana , still studying akiva , who looked bemused by her appraisal . 
 `` that widow 's peak is preposterous . 
 god . 
 it really makes you feel the sad dearth of widow 's peaks in daily life . 
 we could , like , use him as breeding stock to seed widow 's peaks into the populace . '' 
 `` my god . 
 what 's with all the mating and seed talk ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying , '' zuzana said reasonably . 
 `` i 'm crazy about mik , okay , but that does n't mean i ca n't do my part for the proliferation of widow 's peaks . 
 as a favor to the gene pool . 
 you would , too , right ? 
 or maybe ... '' she shot karou a sidelong glance . 
 `` you already have ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 karou was aghast . 
 `` no ! 
 what do you think i am ? '' 
 she was certain akiva could n't understand , but there was an amused quirk to his mouth . 
 he asked what zuzana had said , and karou felt her face flame crimson . 
 `` nothing , '' she told him in chimaera . 
 in czech she added , sternly , `` she . 
 did not say . 
 anything . '' 
 `` yes , i did , '' piped zuzana , and like a child who has gotten a reaction for naughty antics , she merrily repeated , `` mating ! 
 seed ! '' 
 `` zuze , stop , please , '' begged karou , helpless and so very glad the two had no common language . 
 `` fine , '' said her friend . 
 `` i can be polite . 
 observe . '' 
 she addressed akiva directly . 
 `` welcome to our world , '' she said with exaggerated gestures . 
 `` i hope that you are enjoying your visit . '' 
 chewing on a smile , karou translated . 
 akiva nodded . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 to karou , `` would you tell her , please , that her performance was beautiful ? '' 
 karou did . 
 `` i know , '' agreed zuzana . 
 it was her standard acceptance of a compliment , but karou could tell she was pleased . 
 `` it was karou 's idea . '' 
 karou did n't convey that . 
 she said instead , `` she 's an amazing artist . '' 
 `` so are you , '' akiva replied , and it was karou 's turn to be pleased . 
 she told him they went to a school for the arts , and he said they had nothing like that in his world ; only apprenticeships . 
 she told him that zuzana was kind of like an apprentice , that she came from a family of artisans , and she wondered if he was from a family of soldiers . 
 `` in a manner of speaking , '' he replied . 
 his siblings were soldiers , and so had his father been in his day . 
 he said the word father with an edge , and karou sensed animosity and did n't press , and talk shifted back to art . 
 the conversation , filtered through karou-and zuzana , even on her best behavior , required a high degree of filtering-was surprisingly easy . 
 too easy , she thought . 
 why was it so easy for her to laugh with this seraph , and keep forgetting the image of the fiery portal , and kishmish 's little raw body as his heartbeat went wild and then failed ? 
 she had to keep reminding herself , chastening herself , and even so , when she looked at akiva , it all wanted to slip away-all her caution and self-control . 
 after a moment , he remarked , nodding toward zuzana , `` she 's not actually very scary . 
 you had me worried . '' 
 `` well , you disarm her . 
 you have that effect . '' 
 `` i do ? 
 it did n't seem to work on you , yesterday . '' 
 `` i had more reason to fight it , '' she said . 
 `` i have to keep reminding myself we 're enemies . '' 
 it was as if a shadow fell over them . 
 akiva 's expression turned remote again , and he put his hands under the table , removing his tattoos from her sight . 
 `` what did you just say to him ? '' 
 zuzana asked . 
 `` i reminded him that we 're enemies . '' 
 `` tch . 
 whatever you are , karou , you are not enemies . '' 
 `` but we are , '' she said , and they were , no matter how powerfully her body was trying to convince her otherwise . 
 `` then what are you doing , watching sunrises and drinking tea with him ? '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 what am i doing ? 
 i do n't know what i 'm doing . '' 
 she thought of what she should be doing : getting herself to morocco to find razgut ; flying through that slash in the sky to ... eretz . 
 a chill snaked through her . 
 she 'd been so focused on getting gavriels that she 'd avoided thinking too much about what it would be like to actually go , and now with akiva 's depiction of his world fresh in her mind-war-torn , bleak-dread crept over her ; suddenly , she did n't want to go anywhere . 
 what was she supposed to do when she got there , anyway ? 
 fly up to the bars of that forbidding fortress and politely ask if brimstone was at home ? 
 `` speaking of enemies , '' zuzana said , `` jackass was on tv this morning . '' 
 `` good for him , '' said karou , still in her own thoughts . 
 `` no . 
 not good . 
 bad . 
 bad jackass . '' 
 `` oh no . 
 what did he do ? '' 
 `` well , while you 've been watching sunrises with your enemy , the news has been all over you , and a certain actor has been most helpful , preening for the camera and telling the world all about you . 
 like , um , bullet scars ? 
 he 's made you out to be some kind of gangster 's moll - '' `` moll ? 
 please . 
 if anything , i 'm the gangster - '' `` anyway , '' zuzana cut her off . 
 `` i 'm sorry to say that whatever anonymity you might have had , blue-haired girl , your flying stunt put an end to it . 
 the police are probably at your flat - '' `` what ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 they 're calling your fight a ` disturbance ' and saying they just want to talk to the , er , people involved , if anyone knows their whereabouts . '' 
 akiva , seeing her distress , wanted to know what was being said ; she quickly translated . 
 his look darkened . 
 he stood and moved to the door , glancing out . 
 `` will they come for you here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 karou saw the protectiveness in his stance , shoulders hunched and tense , and she realized that in his world , such a threat might be much more dire . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she assured him . 
 `` it 's not like that . 
 they would just ask questions . 
 really . '' 
 he did n't move away from the door . 
 `` we did n't break any laws . '' 
 she turned to zuzana and switched to czech . 
 `` it 's not like there 's a law against flying . '' 
 `` yes there is . 
 the law of gravity . 
 the point is that you are looked for . '' 
 she shot a glance at the waitress , who was skulking nearby and most certainly eavesdropping . 
 `` is n't that right ? '' 
 the waitress blushed . 
 `` i have n't called anyone , '' she was quick to say . 
 `` you 're okay to stay here . 
 do ... do you want more tea ? '' 
 zuzana waved her off and told karou , `` you ca n't stay here forever , obviously . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 plan . 
 plan . 
 she had a plan , and it was near its fruition . 
 all she had to do now was go . 
 leave her life here , leave school , her flat , zuzana , akiva ... no . 
 akiva was not part of her life . 
 karou looked at him , watchful in the doorway , ready to protect her , and she tried to imagine walking away from the ... placeness ... of him , the rightness , the patch of sunlight , the pull . 
 all she had to do was get up and leave . 
 right ? 
 a moment passed in silence , and karou 's body did not so much as twitch in response to the idea of leaving . 
 `` the plan , '' she said , exerting a massive effort of will and facing up to it . 
 `` the plan is to go away . '' 
 akiva had been looking out the door , and only when he pivoted to face her did she realize she 'd spoken in chimaera , addressing this to him . 
 `` away ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` eretz , '' she said , standing up . 
 `` i told you . 
 i 'm going to find my family . '' 
 dismay spread over his face as understanding dawned . 
 `` you really have a way to get there . '' 
 `` i really do . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` there are more portals than just yours . '' 
 `` there were . 
 all knowledge of them was lost with the magi . 
 it took me years to find this one - '' `` you 're not the only one who knows things , i guess . 
 though i would rather you showed me the way . '' 
 `` than who ? '' 
 he was thinking , trying to figure it out , and karou saw by the flicker of disgust when he did . 
 `` the fallen . 
 that thing . 
 you 're going to that thing . '' 
 `` not if you take me instead . '' 
 `` i truly ca n't . 
 karou . 
 the portal is under guard - '' `` well then . 
 maybe i 'll see you on the other side sometime . 
 who knows ? '' 
 a rustle from his unseen wings sent sparks shivering across the floor . 
 `` you ca n't go there . 
 there 's no kind of life there , trust me . '' 
 karou turned away from him and picked up her coat , slipping it on and fanning out her hair , which had a damp mermaid quality to it and lay in coils over her shoulders . 
 she told zuzana that she was leaving town , and she was fending off her friend 's inevitable queries when akiva took her elbow . 
 gently . 
 `` you ca n't go with that creature . '' 
 his expression was guarded , hard to read . 
 `` not alone . 
 if he knows another portal , i can come with you and make sure you 're safe . '' 
 karou 's first impulse was to refuse . 
 be that cat . 
 be that cat . 
 but who was she fooling ? 
 that was n't the cat she wanted to be . 
 she did n't want to go alone-or alone with razgut , which was worse . 
 her heart hammering , she said , `` okay , '' and once the decision was made , a tremendous burden of dread lifted . 
 she would n't have to part with akiva . 
 yet , anyway . 
 34 what 's a day ? 
 what 's a morning ? 
 karou asked herself . 
 a part of her was already flying into the future , imagining what her reunion with brimstone would be like , but another part of her was settled firmly in her skin , mindful of the heat of akiva 's arm against her shoulder . 
 they were walking down nerudova with zuzana , against the flow of tourists heading up to the castle , and they had to press close to navigate a horde of germans in sensible shoes . 
 she had her hair tucked away in a hat , borrowed from the waitress , so her most obvious feature was disguised . 
 akiva was still drawing an inordinate amount of attention , but karou thought it was mostly because of his otherworldly beauty , and not recognition from the news . 
 `` i have to stop by school , '' zuzana said . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 karou wanted to go there anyway-it was part of her good-bye program-so she agreed . 
 she 'd have to wait until nightfall anyway to get back in her flat , if the police were watching it . 
 after dark she could return by way of sky and balcony , instead of street and elevator , and get the things she 'd need for her journey . 
 what 's a day ? 
 she asked herself , and there was a buzzing happiness in her that she had to admit had a lot to do with the way akiva had stood in the teahouse doorway , and the solidity of him beside her now in all its rightness . 
 there was wrongness , too , faint and flickering , but she attributed that to nerves , and as the morning went by in its buzz of unlooked-for happiness , she kept brushing it aside , unconsciously , as one might fan at a fly . 
 karou said her good-byes to the lyceum-in her head only , not wanting to alarm zuzana-and , afterward , to poison kitchen . 
 she laid a fond hand on the marble flank of pestilence , and ran her fingers over the slightly ratty velvet of the settee . 
 akiva took the place in with a puzzled expression , coffins and all , and called it `` morbid . '' 
 he ate a bowl of goulash , too , but karou did n't think he would be asking for the recipe anytime soon . 
 she saw her two haunts with new eyes , being there with him , and was humbled to think how little she had really internalized the fact of the wars that had shaped them . 
 at school , some joker had scrawled a red graffiti volnost-liberty-where freedom fighters had once written it in nazi blood , and in poison she had to explain gas masks to akiva , and that they came from a different war than the volnost did . 
 `` these are from world war one , '' she said , putting one on . 
 `` a hundred years ago . 
 the nazis came later . '' 
 she gave him a tart sideward glance . 
 `` and just so you know , the invaders are always the bad guys . 
 always . '' 
 mik joined them , and it was a little strained at first , because he did n't know anything of other worlds and other races , and believed karou was just eccentric . 
 she told him the truth-that they had really been flying , and that akiva was an angel from another world-but in her accustomed manner , so that he thought she was teasing him . 
 but his eyes kept going to akiva with the same kind of astonished appraisal as everyone else 's did , and karou , watching , saw that it made akiva uncomfortable . 
 it struck her that there was nothing in his manner at all to suggest he knew the power of his beauty . 
 later the four of them walked onto the charles bridge . 
 mik and zuzana were a few steps ahead , entwined as if nothing could ever shoehorn them apart , karou and akiva trailing . 
 `` we can leave for morocco tonight , '' karou said . 
 `` i was going to take an airplane , but i do n't think that 's an option for you . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 'd need a passport , a document saying your nationality , which tends to assume you are from this actual world . '' 
 `` you can still fly , yes ? '' 
 karou tested her ability , rising a discreet few inches off the ground and coming right back down . 
 `` it 's a long way , though . '' 
 `` i 'll help you . 
 even if you could n't fly , i could carry you . '' 
 she imagined crossing the alps and the mediterranean in akiva 's arms . 
 it was n't the worst thing she could think of , but still . 
 she was no damsel in distress . 
 `` i 'll manage , '' she said . 
 up ahead , mik dipped zuzana into a back-bending kiss , and karou came to a halt , flustered by their display . 
 she turned to the bridge railing and looked out over the river . 
 `` it must be weird for you just doing nothing all day . '' 
 akiva nodded . 
 he was looking out , too , leaning on the railing , one of his elbows against hers . 
 it did n't escape karou 's notice that he found subtle ways of touching her . 
 `` i keep trying to imagine my own people living like this , and i ca n't . '' 
 `` how do they live ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` war is all . 
 if they 're not fighting it , they 're providing for it , and living in fear , always . 
 there is no one without loss . '' 
 `` and the chimaera ? 
 what are their lives like ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` there 's no good life there for anyone . 
 it 's not a safe place . '' 
 he laid a hand on her arm . 
 `` karou , your life is here , in this world . 
 if brimstone cares about you , he ca n't want you to go to that broken place . 
 you should stay . '' 
 his next words were a whisper . 
 she barely heard them , and afterward was n't entirely sure she had . 
 he said , `` i could stay here with you . '' 
 his grip was firm and it was soft ; his hand on her arm was warm and it was right . 
 karou let herself pretend , just for a moment , that she could have what he had whispered : a life with him . 
 everything she had always craved was right here : solidity , a mooring , love . 
 love . 
 the word , when it came to her , was n't jarring or preposterous , as when zuzana had uttered it that morning at the teahouse . 
 it was tantalizing . 
 karou did n't think . 
 she reached for akiva 's hand . 
 and shocked a pulse into it . 
 she jerked back . 
 her hamsa . 
 she 'd laid it full against his skin . 
 her palm burned , and akiva had been knocked back a step . 
 he stood there holding his magic-scorched hand to his body as a shudder passed through him . 
 his jaw was clenched with the endurance of pain . 
 pain , again . 
 `` i ca n't even touch you , '' karou said . 
 `` whatever brimstone wants for me , it 's not you , or he would n't have given me these . '' 
 her own hands , clasped tight to her chest , felt evil to her in that moment . 
 she reached into her collar and fished up her wishbone , took it into her hand and held it tight , for comfort . 
 akiva said , `` you do n't have to want what he wants . '' 
 `` i know that . 
 but i have to know what 's happening there . 
 i have to know . '' 
 her voice was ragged ; she wanted him to understand , and he did . 
 she saw it in his eyes , and with it the helplessness and anguish she 'd seen in glints and glimmers since he had come into her life the night before . 
 only the night before . 
 it was unbelievable it had been so short a time . 
 `` you do n't have to come with me . '' 
 `` of course i 'm coming with you . 
 karou ... '' his voice was still whisper-soft . 
 `` karou . '' 
 he reached out and eased the hat from her head so that her hair spilled out in a splash of blue , and he tucked an errant strand behind her ear . 
 he took her face in his hands and a sunburst went off in karou 's chest . 
 she held herself quiet , her motionlessness belying the rushing within her . 
 no one had ever looked at her like akiva was right now , his eyes held wide as if he wanted take more of her into himself , like light through a window . 
 one of his hands slipped softly around to the nape of her neck , twining through her hair and sending frissons of longing through her body . 
 she felt herself giving way , melting toward him . 
 one booted foot slid forward so her knee brushed his and settled against it , and the remaining space between them-negative space , it was called in drawing-called out to be closed . 
 was he going to kiss her ? 
 oh god , did she have goulash breath ? 
 never mind . 
 he had it , too . 
 did she want him to kiss her ? 
 his face was so close she could see the sun dusky on his lashes , and her own face centered in the deep black of his pupils . 
 he was gazing into her eyes as if there were worlds within her , wonders and discoveries . 
 yes . 
 she did want him to kiss her . 
 yes . 
 his hand slipped down her throat to find her hand , which was still cupping the wishbone on its cord . 
 its flanges protruded through the webbing of her fingers , and when akiva felt them there , he stopped . 
 something in his gaze froze . 
 he looked down . 
 his breath caught ; with a hitch he inhaled and opened karou 's hand with no caution for her hamsas . 
 the wishbone was there , a small bleached relic of another life . 
 he gave a cry that was amazement and ... what ? 
 something deep and painful wrenched out of him like nails splintering wood as they pulled free . 
 karou jumped , startled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` why do you have this ? '' 
 he had gone pale . 
 `` it 's ... it 's brimstone 's . 
 he sent it to me as the portals burned . '' 
 `` brimstone , '' he repeated . 
 his face was alive with furious thought , and then understanding . 
 `` brimstone , '' he said again . 
 `` what ? 
 akiva - '' what he did then made karou falter into silence . 
 he sank to his knees . 
 the cord around her neck gave way and the wishbone came away in his hand , and for an instant she felt bereft without it . 
 but then he leaned into her . 
 he pressed his face against her legs , and she felt the heat of it through her jeans . 
 she stood astonished , looking down at his powerful shoulders as he curled into her , letting go of his glamour so his wings sprang visible . 
 from around them on the bridge came gasps and cries . 
 people stopped in their tracks , gaping . 
 zuzana and mik broke from their embrace and spun to stare . 
 karou was only distantly aware of them . 
 gazing down at akiva , she saw that his shoulders were shaking . 
 was he crying ? 
 her hands fluttered , wanting to touch him , afraid of hurting him . 
 hating her hamsas , she bent over him and stroked his hair with the backs of her fingers , his hot , hot brow with the backs of her hands . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he straightened , still on his knees , and looked up at her . 
 she was curved over him like a question mark . 
 he held her legs , and she could feel tremors shaking his hands , the wishbone in his grip where he clasped the back of her knee . 
 his wings unfolded ; they came around like a pair of great fans so the two of them were in a room of fire , more than ever in a world all their own . 
 he searched her face , looking stunned and , karou thought , terribly sad . 
 and he told her , `` karou , i know who you are . '' 
 35 the tongue of angels i know who you are . 
 akiva , gazing up into karou 's face , saw what his words did to her . 
 the hope at odds with the fear of hoping , her black eyes tear-glossed and shining with fire . 
 only then , seeing the reflection in her eyes , did he realize he 'd dropped his glamour . 
 there was a time when such carelessness could have gotten him killed . 
 now , he just did n't care . 
 what ? 
 karou 's lips moved but no sound came out . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 how could he just tell her ? 
 he was reeling . 
 here was the impossible , and it was beautiful , and it was terrible , and it flayed open his chest to show that his heart , numb for so long , was still vital and beating ... just so it could be ripped out again , after all these years ? 
 was there any fate more bitter than to get what you long for most , when it 's too late ? 
 `` akiva , '' implored karou . 
 wide-eyed , distraught , she sank to her knees in front of him . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` karou , '' he whispered , and her name taunted him-hope-so full of promise and recrimination that he almost wished he was dead . 
 he could n't look at her . 
 he gathered her to him and she let herself be gathered , supple as love . 
 her wind-mussed hair was like tousled silk , and he buried his face in it and tried to think what to tell her . 
 all around , a weave of murmurs and the weight of being watched , and akiva registered almost none of it until one sound fought its way forward . 
 a throat was cleared , caustic and theatrically loud . 
 a prickling of unease , and before any words were spoken , he 'd already begun to turn . 
 `` akiva , really . 
 pull yourself together . '' 
 so out of place here-that voice , that language . 
 his language . 
 there , with swords sheathed at their sides and wearing twin expressions of dismay , stood hazael and liraz . 
 akiva could n't even register surprise . 
 the appearance of the seraphim was small next to the shocks that had been coming one after another all morning : the crescent-moon knives , karou 's strange reaction to his tattoos , the dreamlike music of her laughter , and now the undeniable : the wishbone . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked them . 
 his arms were still around karou , who had lifted her head from his shoulder to stare at the intruders . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 repeated liraz . 
 `` i think , all things considered , that question belongs to us . 
 what in the name of the godstars are you doing here ? '' 
 she looked dumbfounded , and akiva saw himself as she was seeing him : on his knees , weeping , entwined with a human girl . 
 and it struck him how important it was that they think karou was just that : a human girl . 
 however strange it might seem , it was only that : strange . 
 the truth would be much worse . 
 he straightened , still on his knees , and turned , ushering karou behind him . 
 quietly , so his brother and sister would n't hear him speak the language of the enemy , he murmured , `` do n't let them see your hands . 
 they wo n't understand . '' 
 `` understand what ? '' 
 she murmured back , not taking her eyes from them , as they did n't take theirs from her . 
 `` us , '' he said . 
 `` they wo n't understand us . '' 
 `` i do n't understand us , either . '' 
 but thanks to the wishbone , fragile in his fist , akiva finally did . 
 karou lapsed into tense silence , keeping her eyes on the two seraphim . 
 they had their wing glamours in place , but even so , their presence on the bridge seemed unnatural , and not a little unnerving-liraz especially . 
 though hazael was more powerful , liraz was more frightening , she always had been ; perhaps she 'd had to be , being female . 
 her pale hair was scraped back in severe plaits , and there was something coolly sharklike about her beauty : a flat , killer apathy . 
 hazael had more life in his eyes , but just now it was mostly a frank bafflement as he regarded akiva before him , still on his knees . 
 `` get up , '' he said , not unkindly . 
 `` i ca n't stand the sight of you like that . '' 
 akiva rose , drawing karou up with him and keeping her behind the shield of his wings . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 liraz demanded . 
 `` akiva , why did you come back here ? 
 and ... who is that ? '' 
 she made a wild gesture of disgust toward karou . 
 `` just a girl . '' 
 akiva heard himself echo izil , sounding just as unconvincing as the old man had . 
 `` just a girl who flies , '' amended liraz . 
 a heartbeat 's pause , and then akiva said , `` you 've been following me . '' 
 `` what did you think , '' liraz spat , `` that we 'd let you vanish again ? 
 the way you were acting after loramendi , we knew something was coming . 
 but ... this ? '' 
 `` what exactly is this ? '' 
 hazael asked , clearly still hoping for some explanation that would make it all okay . 
 akiva felt split down the middle . 
 here before him were his closest allies , and they felt like enemies , and it was his fault . 
 if akiva had a family , it was not his mother , who had turned away when the soldiers came to take him ; and it was certainly not the emperor . 
 his family was these two , and there was no answer he could give them to make this make sense . 
 there was nothing he could say to karou , either , who stood behind him desperate to know what had been kept from her all her life-a secret so big and so strange he could n't begin to find words to frame it . 
 so he stood there mute , the languages of two races useless to help him explain anything . 
 `` i do n't blame you wanting to get away , '' said hazael , always the peacemaker . 
 he and liraz bore a sibling resemblance they did n't share with akiva . 
 they were fair-haired and blue-eyed , with a blush to their honey skin . 
 hazael had an ease to him , almost a slouch , and for a resting expression a lazy smile that could almost fool you into misjudging him . 
 he was , always , a soldier-reflexes and steel-but at heart he had managed somehow to retain something childlike that training and years of war worked hard to stamp out . 
 he was a dreamer . 
 he said , `` i had thoughts myself , of coming back to this world after everything - '' `` but you did n't , '' snapped liraz , who had within her no dreamer at all . 
 `` you did n't vanish in the night , leaving others to make up stories to cover for you , not knowing when or even if you 'd come back this time . '' 
 `` i did n't ask you to cover for me , '' said akiva . 
 `` no . 
 because then you 'd have had to tell us you were going . 
 instead you snuck off , just like before . 
 and were we to wait for you to come back broken again , and never tell us what had broken you ? '' 
 `` not this time , '' he said . 
 liraz gave him a brittle smile , and akiva knew that under her iciness she was hurt . 
 he might never have returned ; they might never have known what had happened to him . 
 what did that say for the decades they had protected one another ? 
 had n't it been liraz , years ago , who had risked her life to return to the battlefield at bullfinch ? 
 against any expectation that he might still be alive , and with chimaera crawling over their victory and spitting the wounded on pikes , she had returned and found him , and borne him away . 
 she had risked her life for him , and would again without hesitation , and so would hazael , and akiva would for them . 
 but he could n't tell them why he 'd come here , or what he 'd found . 
 `` not this time what ? '' 
 liraz demanded . 
 `` you 're not coming back broken ? 
 or you 're not coming back at all ? '' 
 `` i did n't plan anything . 
 i just could n't stay there . '' 
 he groped to explain ; he owed them the effort , at least . 
 `` after loramendi , an end was reached , and it was like the edge of a cliff . 
 there was nothing else i wanted , nothing except ... '' he left the rest unsaid . 
 he did n't need to say it ; they 'd seen him on his knees . 
 they fixed their eyes on karou . 
 `` except her , '' said liraz . 
 `` a human . 
 if that 's what she is . '' 
 `` what else would she be ? '' 
 he said , covering a spark of fear . 
 `` i have a theory , '' she said , and akiva 's heart lurched . 
 `` last night , when she attacked you , there was something strange about that fight , was n't there , hazael ? '' 
 `` strange , '' agreed hazael . 
 `` we were n't close enough to feel any ... magic ... but it certainly seemed as though you were feeling it . '' 
 akiva 's thoughts spun furiously . 
 how could he get karou away from here ? 
 `` you seem to have forgiven her for it , though . '' 
 liraz came a step closer . 
 `` is there anything you want to tell us ? '' 
 akiva retreated , keeping karou behind him . 
 `` leave her alone , '' he said . 
 liraz advanced . 
 `` if you have nothing to hide , let us see her . '' 
 in a sorrowful voice that was worse than liraz 's sharp tone , hazael said , `` akiva , just tell us it is n't what it looks like . 
 just tell us she is n't ... '' akiva felt a kind of rushing around him , years of secrets catching him up like a wind-a wind , he wished with a wild kind of surrender , that could just bear him away , with karou , to a place without seraphim and chimaera and their talent for hate , without humans to stand around and gape , without anyone to come between them , ever again . 
 `` of course she is n't , '' he said . 
 it came out as a snarl , and liraz took it as a challenge to prove it-what karou was and what she was n't - and her eyes flashed with a look akiva knew too well , a hard fury she harnessed on the battlefield . 
 she came closer . 
 adrenaline surged hot as his hands seized into fists , the wishbone bowing under the pressure , and he braced himself for what must come next . 
 sick incredulity washed over him , that it had come to this . 
 but whatever he expected to happen , it was not for karou to speak up in a clear , cool voice and ask , `` what ? 
 what am i not ? '' 
 liraz halted , her fury blinking to shock . 
 hazael looked startled , too , and it took akiva a beat to realize why , but , with a start , he did . 
 karou 's words . 
 they were as smooth as falling water . 
 they were in his language . 
 she had spoken the tongue of angels , which she had no way , earthly or elsewise , of knowing . 
 in the hesitation wrought by her question , she stepped out from the shelter of his wings and stood exposed before liraz and hazael . 
 then , with the same bright savagery she had smiled at akiva when she attacked him the night before , she said to liraz , `` if you want to see my hands , all you have to do is ask . '' 
 36 to do else than kill all it took was a lucknow from her pocket and a whispered wish , and the words of the seraphim swam from melodious flow into meaning-another language for karou 's collection , and it was a prize . 
 she already knew , from the hard , darting eyes of the female seraph and the protective stance of akiva , that they were talking about her . 
 `` just tell us she is n't ... '' said the male , letting his words trail into some unspoken horror , as if he were pleading with akiva to disprove their suspicions about her . 
 who did they think she was ? 
 was she to stand here mute while they talked her over ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what am i not ? '' 
 she saw their faces freeze in shock as she stepped out from behind akiva . 
 the female angel was just paces away , staring . 
 she had the dead eyes of a jihadist , and karou felt a tremor of vulnerability with akiva no longer between them . 
 she thought of her crescent-moon knives sitting useless in her flat , and then she realized she did n't need them . 
 she had a weapon tailored just to seraphim . 
 she was a weapon tailored just to seraphim . 
 the smile rose unbidden from her phantom self , and she said , with a leaping , dark excitement , `` if you want to see my hands , all you have to do is ask . '' 
 and then , there on the charles bridge in full view of gawkers , their upheld phones and cameras capturing it for the world , and with the police approaching , wary and grim-faced , all hell broke loose . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cried akiva , but it was too late . 
 liraz moved first , like the slash of a knife , and she was fast , but karou matched her with a knifelike speed of her own . 
 she threw up her hands and the air rippled with the expulsion of magic . 
 it made a slow-motion tracery , hanging there for a second like a warp , and then it hit . 
 its fringes shivered wide to catch hazael and akiva , and they both staggered . 
 liraz , though , was hurled back like a flicked bug . 
 she twisted , acrobatic , and landed on her feet with a concussive force that shook the bridge . 
 in the aftermath of the blast , only karou stood straight . 
 her hair had been caught as in a backdraft , sucked forward and then turned loose , and it floated on the churning air . 
 she was still smiling , cold . 
 with her drifting hair , and her palms outfaced with their staring ink eyes , she looked malevolent , even to zuzana , like some species of fell goddess in the unconvincing guise of a girl . 
 zuzana , mik , and the other onlookers faltered back . 
 liraz dropped her glamour , and it was as though the veil that had cloaked them was drawn away to reveal a raging fire . 
 hazael dropped his glamour , too , and moved to his sister 's side , and a battle line was drawn , the two angels facing karou , their heads lowered against the misery her hamsas were pulsing at them . 
 akiva stood between them , stricken . 
 he had to move to one side or the other . 
 a step or two in either direction , just that , and it was a choice that would define him forever . 
 he looked rapidly back and forth between his comrades and karou . 
 `` akiva , '' hissed liraz . 
 she expected him to come to them . 
 it had always been the three of them , advancing against the enemy , killing , and afterward drawing the rough tally marks on one another 's hands with knife tips and campfire soot . 
 to them , karou was just another tattoo waiting to happen , a line to be carved . 
 and then there was karou , so ready to raise her hands and unleash brimstone 's noxious magic . 
 `` it does n't have to be like this , '' akiva said , but his voice was thin , as if he did n't believe it himself . 
 `` it is like this , '' said liraz . 
 `` do n't be a child , akiva . '' 
 he was still between them , straddling two possible futures . 
 liraz said , `` if you ca n't kill her yourself , then go . 
 you do n't have to see it . 
 we 'll never speak of it again . 
 it 's over . 
 do you hear me ? 
 go home . '' 
 she spoke with urgency and resolution . 
 she really believed she was taking care of him , and that this-this thing with karou , so beyond her ken-was some madness to be forcibly forgotten . 
 he said , `` i 'm not going home . '' 
 hazael . 
 `` what do you mean , you 're not going home ? 
 after all you 've done ? 
 all you 've fought for ? 
 it 's a new age , brother . 
 peace - '' `` it 's not peace . 
 peace is more than the absence of war . 
 peace is accord . 
 harmony . '' 
 `` harmony with beasts , you mean ? '' 
 mistrust shaded into hazael 's expression , and disgust , and still , still , the hope that it was all a misunderstanding . 
 when akiva answered , he knew he was crossing a final border , beyond all possibility of misinterpretation or return . 
 it was a border he should have crossed a long time ago . 
 everything had gotten so twisted ; he had gotten so twisted . 
 `` yes . 
 that 's what i mean . '' 
 karou broke her gaze away from the two intruders to glance at him . 
 the hard smile had left her face already , and now , as she sensed his turmoil , even her upheld hands faltered . 
 thoughts of herself , her answers , her emptiness were forgotten , all overshadowed by akiva 's anguish , which she felt like it was her own . 
 the police arrived . 
 they hesitated in the face of this otherworldly tableau . 
 karou saw their baffled faces , their nervous guns , and she saw the way they looked at her . 
 there were angels on the charles bridge , and she was their foe . 
 she : enemy of angels , in her black coat and evil tattoos , with her lashing blue hair and black eyes . 
 they : so golden , the very image of church frescoes come to life . 
 she was the demon in this scene , and she half expected , glancing at her shadow sharp before her , to see that it had horns . 
 it did not . 
 her shadow was a girl 's shadow , and seemed in that moment to have nothing at all to do with her . 
 akiva , who a moment ago had pressed his face against her legs and wept , stood stock-still , and karou felt fear for the first time since the two angels had come upon them . 
 if he should take their side ... `` akiva , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he said , and when he moved , it was to her . 
 there had never been any doubt , only a hope that somehow the choice would n't be forced , that the moment could be backed away from , but it was too late for that . 
 so he stepped into his future , coming between karou and his brother and sister , and he said to them in a low but steady voice , `` i wo n't let you harm her . 
 there are other ways to live . 
 we have it in us to do else than kill . '' 
 hazael and liraz stared at him . 
 unthinkably , he had chosen the girl . 
 liraz 's shock quickly turned to bitterness . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 she flung back at him . 
 `` that 's a convenient position to take now , is n't it ? '' 
 karou had lowered her hands when akiva came before her . 
 she reached out , just her fingertips to his back , because she could n't help it . 
 he told her , `` karou , you have to go . '' 
 `` go ? 
 but - '' `` get away from here . 
 i 'll keep them from following you . '' 
 his voice was grim with what that would mean , but his decision was made . 
 he gave her a quick look over his shoulder ; his face was strained but set . 
 `` i 'll meet you in the place we first saw each other . 
 promise me you 'll wait for me there . '' 
 the place they first saw each other . 
 the jemaa el-fna , heart of marrakesh , where she had caught his burning gaze through the chaos of a crowd and been pierced through the soul by it . 
 akiva said , in a voice hoarse with urgency , `` promise me . 
 karou , promise you wo n't go with razgut until i find you . 
 until i explain . '' 
 karou wanted to promise . 
 she saw that he had thrown his allegiance to her , even against his own kind . 
 he had surely saved her life-could she have survived an attack by two armed seraphim ? 
 - in addition to which , he had chosen her . 
 was n't that what she had always wanted , to be chosen ? 
 cherished ? 
 he had given up his place in his own world for her , and he was asking that she wait for him in marrakesh . 
 but something unyielding in her shrank from the promise . 
 he might have chosen her , but that did n't mean that she would do the same if she were faced with the same choice-against brimstone , issa , yasri , twiga . 
 she had told brimstone , `` i want you to know i would never just leave you , '' and she would n't . 
 she would choose her family . 
 anything else was unthinkable , though even now the idea of turning and leaving akiva behind brought on physical pain . 
 she said , `` i 'll wait for you as long as i can . 
 that 's the best i can do . '' 
 and she thought the brilliance of his burning wings dimmed just a little . 
 he said in a hollow voice , still faced away from her , `` then that will have to be good enough . '' 
 liraz drew her sword , and hazael followed suit . 
 the police responded by falling back , raising their guns , shouting in czech for the angels to drop their weapons . 
 the onlookers cried out in a kind of ecstatic terror . 
 zuzana , jostled among them , kept her eyes on karou . 
 akiva , whose swords were less obvious in their crossed sheaths between his wings , reached double-handed over his shoulders and drew them with a harmonic ringing . 
 without looking back , he urged , `` karou . 
 go . '' 
 she gathered herself into a crouch , and just before she sprang skyward to vanish into the ether in a streak of blue and black she said , both choked and pleading , `` come and find me , akiva . '' 
 and then she was gone , and he was left alone to face the fallout of his shattering choice . 
 once upon a time , an angel lay dying in the mist . 
 and a devil knelt over him and smiled . 
 37 dream-lost akiva was helpless to keep his blood in his body . 
 it pulsed up under his fingers and escaped , riding the tide of his heartbeat out in hot spurts . 
 he could n't stop the bleeding . 
 the wound was a mauling , and clutching at it was a little like gathering a fistful of meat scraps to fling to a dog . 
 he was going to die . 
 around him , the world had lost its horizons . 
 sea mist choked bullfinch beach , and akiva heard waves breaking but could see only as far as the nearest corpses : gray hummocks obscured by the fog . 
 they might have been chimaera or seraphim-except for the nearest one , he could n't tell . 
 that one lay only a few yards away , with his own sword embedded in it . 
 the beast had been part hyena , part lizard , a monstrosity , and it had raked him open from collarbone to biceps , rending his mail as easily as cloth . 
 it had clung to him , its teeth meeting through the flesh of his shoulder , even after he 'd skewered it through its barrel chest . 
 he 'd twisted his blade , thrust deeper , twisted again . 
 the beast had screamed deep in its throat , but did n't let him go until it died . 
 now , as akiva lay waiting to die , the post-battle silence was split by a roar . 
 he stiffened and clasped his wound tighter . 
 later , he would wonder why he 'd done that . 
 he should have let go , tried to die before they could reach him . 
 the enemy was stalking the field , killing the wounded . 
 they had taken the day , driven the seraphim back to the fortifications at morwen bay , and they had no interest in prisoners . 
 akiva should have hurried his dying , slipped away in the calm of blood loss , like falling asleep . 
 the enemy would be far less kind . 
 what made him wait ? 
 the hope of killing one more chimaera ? 
 but if that was it , why did n't he try to drag himself over to retrieve his sword ? 
 he just lay there , holding his wound , living those extra few minutes for no reason that he could fathom . 
 and then he saw her . 
 she was just a silhouette at first . 
 vast bat wings , long ridged gazelle horns as sharp as pikes-the bestial parts of the enemy . 
 black loathing filled akiva and he watched her pause beside first one corpse and then the next . 
 she came to the body of the hyena-lizard and stood there a long moment-what was she doing ? 
 death rites ? 
 she turned and prowled toward akiva . 
 she came clearer with every step . 
 she was slender , her legs long-lean human thighs that gave way , below the knee , to the sleek taper of gazelle 's legs , the fine cloven hooves making her seem to balance on pins . 
 her wings were folded , her gait both graceful and tense with suppressed power . 
 in one hand she held a crescent-moon blade ; another just like it was sheathed at her thigh . 
 with the other hand she raised a long staff that was not a weapon . 
 it was curved like a shepherd 's crook , with something silver-a lantern ? 
 - suspended from the end . 
 no , not a lantern . 
 it gave off not light , but smoke . 
 a few steps , hooves sinking into the sand , then the mist revealed her face to him , and his to her . 
 she stopped abruptly when she saw he was alive . 
 he braced for a snarl , a sudden lunge , and new pain as he was gutted by her blade , but the chimaera girl did n't move . 
 for a long moment they just looked at each other . 
 she cocked her head to one side , a quizzical , birdlike gesture that spoke not of savagery , but curiosity . 
 there was no snarl on her lips . 
 her face was solemn . 
 unaccountably , she was beautiful . 
 she took a step closer . 
 he watched her face as she drew nearer . 
 his gaze slipped down her long neck to the ridges of her collarbones . 
 she was finely made , elegant and spare . 
 her hair was short as swan 's down , soft and dark and close as a cap , so the architecture of her face was unobscured ; perfect . 
 black greasepaint made a mask around her eyes , which akiva could see were large-brown and bright , vivid and sorrowful . 
 he knew the sorrow was for her fallen comrades and not for him , but he still found himself transfixed by the compassion in her gaze . 
 it made him think that perhaps he had never really looked at a chimaera before . 
 he saw slaves often enough , but they kept their eyes on the ground , and warriors like this he only ever met while dodging a killing blow or dealing one , half-blind with the blood rage of battle . 
 if he ignored the fact of her bloodied blade and her closely fitted black armor , her devilish wings and horns , if he focused just on her face-so unexpectedly lovely-she looked like a girl , a girl who had found a young man dying on the beach . 
 for a moment , that 's what he was . 
 not a soldier , not anyone 's enemy , and the death that was upon him seemed meaningless . 
 that they lived as they did , angels and monsters locked in a volley of killing and dying , dying and killing , seemed an arbitrary choice . 
 as if they might just as well choose not to kill and die . 
 but no . 
 that was all there was between them . 
 and this girl was here for the same reason he was : to slay the enemy . 
 and that meant him . 
 why , then , did n't she do it ? 
 she knelt at his side , doing nothing to protect herself from any sudden move he might make . 
 he remembered the knife at his hip . 
 it was small , nothing like her own fantastical double-crescent , but it could kill her . 
 in one motion he could embed it in the soft curve of her throat . 
 her perfect throat . 
 he made no move . 
 he was dream-lost by then . 
 blood-lost . 
 gazing up at the face above him , he was beyond wondering whether this was real . 
 it could be a dying dream , or she could be a reaper sent from the next life to cull his soul . 
 the silver censer hung on its crook , exhaling a fume of smoke that was both herbal and sulfurous , and as its scent wafted down to him , akiva felt a tug , a lure . 
 dizzy , he thought he would n't mind following this messenger into the next realm . 
 he imagined her guiding him by the hand , and with that serene image cradled in his mind , he let go of his wound to reach for her fingers , caught them in his , which were slippery with blood . 
 her eyes went wide and she snatched her hand away . 
 he 'd startled her ; he had n't meant to . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' he said , speaking in chimaera , which he knew enough of to give orders to slaves . 
 it was a rough tongue , a cobbling together of many tribal dialects that the empire had brought under one roof , and which had been melded over time into a common language . 
 he could scarcely hear his own voice , but she made out his words well enough . 
 she glanced at her censer , then back at him . 
 `` that 's not for you , '' she said , taking it away and planting it in the mud where the breeze would tease the smoke downwind . 
 `` i do n't think you want to go where i 'm going . '' 
 even under the animal inflections of the language , her voice was as pretty as a song . 
 `` death , '' said akiva . 
 his life was leaving him fast now that he no longer held his wound . 
 his eyes just wanted to drift closed . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not . 
 i hear it 's dull , being dead . '' 
 she said it lightly , amused , and he peered up at her . 
 had she just made a joke ? 
 she smiled . 
 smiled . 
 he did , too . 
 amazed , he felt it happening , as if her smile had triggered a reflex in him . 
 `` dull sounds nice , '' he said , letting his eyes flutter closed . 
 `` maybe i can catch up on my reading . '' 
 she muffled a laugh , and akiva , drifting , began to believe that he was dead . 
 it would be less strange than if this were really happening . 
 he could no longer feel his torn shoulder , so he did n't realize that she was touching him until he felt a tight pain . 
 he gasped as his eyes flew open . 
 had she stabbed him after all ? 
 no . 
 she had winched a tourniquet above his wound . 
 that was the pain . 
 he looked wonderingly up at her . 
 she said , `` i recommend living . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 then , voices nearby , guttural . 
 chimaera . 
 the girl froze , held a finger to her lips and breathed , `` shhh . '' 
 one last look passed between them . 
 the fog diffused the sun behind her , limning her horns and wings in radiance . 
 her shorn hair was velvet nap-it looked as soft as a foal 's throat-and her horns were oiled , gleaming like polished jet . 
 in spite of her wicked greasepaint mask , her face was sweet , her smile sweet . 
 akiva was unfamiliar with sweetness ; it pierced him in the center of his chest , in some deep place that had never given any hint before that it was a locus of feeling . 
 it was as new and strange as if an eye had suddenly peeled itself open in the back of his head , seeing in a new dimension . 
 he wanted to touch her face but held back because his hand was covered with blood , and besides , even his uninjured arm felt so heavy he did n't think he could lift it . 
 but she had the same impulse . 
 she reached out , hesitated , then trailed the tips of cool , cool fingers down his fever-hot brow , over the ridge of his cheek to rest against the soft pulse point of his throat . 
 she left them there a moment , as if reassuring herself that life still beat in his blood . 
 did she feel how his pulse quickened at her touch ? 
 and then , in a bound , she was up and gone . 
 those long legs with their gazelle hooves and lean long muscles propelled her away through the mist in fluid leaps that were nearly flight , her wings half-folded and held aloft like kites so her descent from each leap was a balletic drift . 
 at a distance , akiva saw her shadow-shape meet others in the fog-hulking beasts with none of her lithe grace . 
 voices carried toward him , full of snarls , and hers in their midst , calming . 
 he trusted that she would lead them away from him , and she did . 
 akiva lived , and was changed . 
 `` who tied this tourniquet ? '' 
 liraz asked him later , when she found him and got him to safety . 
 he said he did n't know . 
 he felt as if his life to that point had been spent wandering in a labyrinth , and on the battlefield at bullfinch he 'd finally found its center . 
 his own center-that place where feeling had pulsed up from numbness . 
 he 'd never even suspected the place existed until the enemy knelt beside him and saved his life . 
 he remembered her with the softness of a dream , but she was not a dream . 
 she was real , and she existed in the world . 
 like animal eyes shining from a nighttime wood , she was out there , a brief shimmer of radiance in the all-encompassing dark . 
 she was out there . 
 38 ungodly after bullfinch , madrigal 's existence-it would be two years before he learned her name-had called to akiva like a voice adrift in a great silence . 
 as he lay near death in the battle encampment at morwen bay , he dreamed again and again that the enemy girl was kneeling over him , smiling . 
 each time he woke to her absence , to see instead the faces of his kith and kin , they seemed less real than this eidolon who haunted him . 
 even as liraz fended off the doctor who wanted to amputate his arm , his mind was called back to the mist-shrouded beach at bullfinch , to brown eyes and oiled horns and that shock of sweetness . 
 he had trained to withstand the devil marks , but not this . 
 against this , he found he had no defense . 
 of course , he told no one . 
 hazael came to his bedside with his kit of tattoo tools to mark akiva 's hands with his bullfinch kills . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 he asked , heating up his knife blade to sterilize it . 
 akiva had slain six chimaera at bullfinch , including the hyena monstrosity that had taken him down . 
 six new ticks would fill out his right hand , which , thanks to liraz , was still attached to his body . 
 the arm lay useless at his side . 
 severed nerves and muscles had been reattached ; he would n't know for some time if it would ever function again . 
 when hazael picked up the lifeless hand , knife at the ready , all akiva could think of was the enemy girl , and how she might end up a black mark on some seraph 's knuckle . 
 the thought was unendurable . 
 with his good hand , he wrested his arm from hazael and was immediately swamped with pain . 
 `` none , '' he gasped . 
 `` i did n't kill any . '' 
 hazael squinted . 
 `` you did . 
 i was with you against that phalanx of bull centaurs . '' 
 but akiva would n't take the marks , and hazael went away . 
 thus , had begun the secret that , over the years , grew into a rift between them , and that , in the skies of the human world , threatened to tear them apart forever . 
 when karou exploded off the bridge , liraz followed , and akiva surged up to block her . 
 their blades clashed . 
 he crossed his two swords close to the hilt and put his strength behind them with a steady pressure that forced his sister back . 
 he kept hazael in sight , afraid he would pursue karou , but his brother was still standing on the bridge , staring up at the unimaginable sight of akiva and liraz with swords crossed . 
 liraz 's arms trembled with the effort at holding her ground-her air-and her wings worked at furious backbeats . 
 her face was livid , clench-jawed and lurid with striving , and her eyes were so wide that her irises were spots in staring white orbs . 
 with a banshee wail she threw akiva off , swung her freed sword in a cyclone around her head , and brought it hacking down . 
 he blocked it . 
 its force jarred his bones . 
 she was n't holding back . 
 the ferocity of her attack shocked him-would she really try to kill him ? 
 she hacked again , and he blocked , and hazael finally came unfrozen and leapt toward them . 
 `` stop , '' he cried , aghast . 
 he started to dart in but had to dodge when liraz swung wild . 
 akiva parried the blow , knocking her off balance , and she whirled around before fumbling to a hover . 
 she gave him a look that glittered with malice , and instead of coming at him again , she surged upward . 
 her wings gave off a fireball burst that brought a collective gasp from the onlookers , and then she was speeding in the direction karou had gone . 
 the sky gave no hint of karou , but akiva did n't doubt that liraz could track her . 
 he sped after her . 
 precipitously , the rooftops receded , and humanity with them . 
 there was just the rushing air , the flare of wings , and-he caught up to his sister and grabbed her arm-strife . 
 she spun on him again , slashing , and their swords rang out , again and again . 
 as in prague , when karou had attacked him , akiva only parried , dodged , and did not return attack . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 barked hazael again , coming up on akiva and giving him a hard shove that put distance between him and liraz . 
 they were high above the city now , in airy silence echoing with the ring of steel . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 hazael demanded in a tone of disbelief . 
 `` you two , fighting - '' `` i 'm not , '' said akiva , backing away . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 hissed liraz . 
 `` you might as well slit my throat as stab me in the back . '' 
 `` liraz , i do n't want to hurt you - '' she laughed . 
 `` you do n't want to , but you will if you have to ? 
 is that what you 're saying ? '' 
 was it ? 
 what would he do to protect karou ? 
 he could n't harm his sister or brother ; he could never live with that . 
 but he could n't let them hurt karou , either . 
 how could these be his only two choices ? 
 `` just ... forget her , '' he said . 
 `` please . 
 just let her go . '' 
 the thick emotion in his voice made liraz 's eyes narrow with scorn . 
 looking at her , akiva thought that he might as well appeal to a sword as to her . 
 and was n't that what they were all three bred to be , and all the emperor 's other bastards , too ? 
 weapons forged in flesh . 
 unthinking instruments of age-old enmity . 
 he could n't accept that . 
 they were more than that , all of them . 
 he hoped . 
 he took a risk . 
 he sheathed his swords . 
 her eyes like slashes , liraz watched in silence . 
 `` at bullfinch , '' he said , `` you asked who tied my tourniquet . '' 
 she waited . 
 hazael , too . 
 akiva thought of madrigal , remembered the feel of her skin , the surprising smoothness of her leathern wings , and the light of her laughter-so like karou 's laughter-and he recalled what karou had said to him that morning : if he 'd ever known any chimaera , he could n't dismiss them as monsters . 
 but he had , both . 
 he had known and loved madrigal , and still he had become what he had become-the dead-eyed husk that had almost slain karou on impulse . 
 grief had grown its ugly blooms in him : hate , vengeance , blindness . 
 the person he was now , madrigal would have regretted ever saving his life . 
 but in karou , he had another chance-for peace , that is . 
 not for happiness , not for him . 
 it was too late for him . 
 for others , maybe there could still be salvation . 
 `` it was a chimaera , '' he told his sister and brother . 
 he gulped a breath of air , knowing that this would sound ungodly to them . 
 they had been taught from the cradle that chimaera were vile , crawling things , devils , animals . 
 but madrigal ... she had managed to unchain him in an instant from his bigotry , and it was time he tried to do the same . 
 `` a chimaera saved my life , '' he said . 
 `` and i fell in love with her . '' 
 39 blood will out after bullfinch , everything changed for akiva . 
 when he sent hazael and his tattoo kit away , an idea took hold : when he saw the chimaera girl again , he would be able to tell her that he had not used the life she had given him to kill any more of her kindred . 
 that he would ever see her again was extravagantly unlikely , but the notion took up residence in his mind-a darting , fugitive thing he could n't seem to chase away-and he became accustomed to its lurking presence . 
 he grew comfortable with it , and the thing morphed from a wild notion into a hope-a sustaining hope , and the one that would change the course of his life : to see the girl again , and thank her . 
 that was all , just thank her . 
 when he imagined the moment , his mind went no further . 
 it was enough to keep him going . 
 he was n't long in morwen bay after the battle . 
 the battle surgeons sent him back to astrae to see what the healers there could do for him . 
 astrae . 
 until the massacre a millennium past , the seraphim had ruled the empire from astrae . 
 for three hundred years it had been , by all accounts , the light of the world , the most beautiful city ever built . 
 palaces , arcades , fountains , all pearl marble quarried in evorrain , broad boulevards paved in quartz , overreached by the honey-scented boughs of gilead . 
 it perched above its harbor on striated cliffs , with the emerald mirea coast as far as the eye could see . 
 like in prague , spires pointed to the heavens , one for each of the godstars-the godstars that had ordained seraphim as guardians of the land and all its creatures . 
 the godstars that had looked on as it all fell into chaos . 
 at three hundred years , akiva thought , the citizens of astrae must have felt that it had always been and would always be . 
 now , ten centuries later , its golden age seemed like the long-ago blink of some dead god 's eye , and little remained of the original city . 
 the enemy had razed it : toppled the towers , burned everything that would catch fire . 
 they would have torn the very stars from the heavens if they could . 
 such savagery had no precedent in history . 
 at the end of the first day , the magi lay dead , even their youngest apprentices , and their library was swallowed by fire , with every magical text in all of eretz . 
 strategically , it made sense . 
 seraphim had come to rely so heavily on magic that in the aftermath of the massacre , with not a single magus left alive , they were very nearly helpless . 
 any angels who had n't escaped astrae were sacrificed on an altar by the light of the full moon , and the seraph emperor , ancestor of akiva 's father , was among them . 
 so many angels had bled out their lives on that altar stone that their blood rolled down the temple steps like monsoon rains and drowned small creatures in the streets . 
 the beasts held astrae for centuries , until joram-akiva 's father-waged an all-out campaign early in his reign and won back all the territory up to the adelphas mountains . 
 he had consolidated power and begun to rebuild the empire , with its heart where , as he said , it belonged : in astrae . 
 where joram had not made much headway was with magic . 
 with the library burned and the magi dead , the seraphim had been knocked back to the most basic of manipulations , and in all the intervening centuries , they had n't progressed much beyond them . 
 akiva had never given much thought to magic . 
 he was a soldier ; his education was limited . 
 he presumed it a mystery for other , brighter minds . 
 but his sojourn in astrae changed that . 
 he had the time to discover that his mind , soldier 's though it was , burned brighter than most , and that he possessed something the would-be magi of astrae did not . 
 in truth , he had two things they did n't . 
 he had the blood for it , though it took a malicious comment from his father for him to know it . 
 and he had the most critical thing , the crux . 
 he had pain . 
 the pain in his shoulder was a constant , and so was his eidolon , the enemy girl , and the two were linked . 
 when his shoulder burned , coming slowly back to life , he could n't help but think of her fine hands on it , winching the tourniquet that had saved him . 
 the healers of astrae spurned the drugs of the battle surgeons , which did n't help matters , and they made him use his arm . 
 a slave-chimaera-was employed for the purpose of stretching it to keep the muscles supple , and akiva was ordered onto the practice field to work his left arm in swordsmanship , in case the right never fully recovered . 
 against expectation , it did , though the pain did not diminish , and within a few months he was a more formidable swordsman than he had been before . 
 he visited the palace armorer about a set of matched blades , and soon he reigned on the practice field . 
 fighting two-handed , he drew crowds to the morning bouts , including the emperor himself . 
 `` one of mine ? '' 
 asked joram , appraising him . 
 akiva had never been in his father 's immediate presence . 
 joram 's bastards were legion ; he could n't be expected to know them all . 
 `` yes , my lord , '' said akiva with bowed head . 
 his shoulders still heaved from the exertion of sparring , his right sending out the flares of agony that were just a part of living now . 
 `` look at me , '' ordered the emperor . 
 akiva did , and saw nothing of himself in the seraph before him . 
 hazael and liraz , yes . 
 their blue eyes came straight from joram , as did the set of their features . 
 the emperor was fair , his golden hair going to gray , and though broad , he was of modest height and had to look up at akiva . 
 his look was sharp . 
 he said , `` i remember your mother . '' 
 akiva blinked . 
 he had n't been expecting that . 
 `` it 's the eyes , '' said the emperor . 
 `` they 're unforgettable , are n't they ? '' 
 it was one of the few things akiva did remember about his mother . 
 the rest of her face was a blur , and he 'd never even known her name , but he knew that he had her eyes . 
 joram seemed to be waiting for him to answer , so he acknowledged , `` i remember , '' and felt a tug of loss , as if , by admitting it , he was handing over the one thing he had of her . 
 `` terrible what happened to her , '' said joram . 
 akiva went still . 
 he 'd had no knowledge of his mother after he was taken from her , as surely the emperor knew . 
 joram was baiting him , wanting him to ask , what ? 
 what happened to her ? 
 but akiva did n't ask , only clenched his teeth , and joram , smiling knives , said , `` but what can you expect , really , of stelians ? 
 savage tribe . 
 almost as bad as the beasts . 
 watch that the blood does n't out , soldier . '' 
 and he walked away , leaving akiva with the burn of his shoulder and a new urgency to know what he had never cared about before : what blood ? 
 could his mother have been stelian ? 
 it made no sense that joram would have had a stelian concubine ; he had no diplomatic relations with the `` savage tribe '' of the far isles , renegade seraphim who would never have given their women as tribute . 
 how , then , had she come to be there ? 
 the stelians were known for two things . 
 the first was their fierce independence-they were not part of the empire , having steadfastly refused , over the centuries , to come into the fold with their seraph kindred . 
 the second was their sympathy with magic . 
 it was believed , in the deep murk of history , that the first magi had been stelian , and they were rumored still to practice a rarified level of magic unknown in the rest of eretz . 
 joram hated them because he could neither conquer nor infiltrate them , at least not while needing to focus his forces on the chimaera war . 
 there was no doubt , though , in the gossip that swirled through the capital , of where he would set his sights once the beasts were broken . 
 as for what had happened to his mother , akiva never found out . 
 the harem was a closed world , and he could n't even confirm that there had ever been a stelian concubine , let alone what had become of her . 
 but for himself , something grew out of his encounter with his father : a sympathy with those strangers of his blood , and a curiosity about magic . 
 he was in astrae for more than a year , and besides physical therapy , sparring , and some hours each day in the training camp drilling young soldiers in arms , his time was his own . 
 after that day , he made use of it . 
 he knew about the pain tithe , and thanks to his wound , he now had a constant reservoir of pain to draw on . 
 observing the magi-to whom he , a brute soldier , was as good as invisible-he learned the fundamental manipulations , starting with summoning . 
 he practiced on bat-crows and hummingbird-moths in the dark of night , directing their flight , lining them up in vs like winter geese , calling them down to perch on his shoulders , or in his cupped hands . 
 it was easy ; he kept going . 
 he quickly came up against the boundary of the known , which was n't saying much-what passed for magic in this age was little more than parlor tricks , illusions . 
 and he never fooled himself that he was a magus , or anywhere close , but he was inventive , and unlike the courtly fops who called themselves magi , he did n't have to flog or burn or cut himself to dredge up power-he had it , low and constant . 
 but the real reason he surpassed them was neither his pain nor his inventiveness . 
 it was his motivation . 
 the idea that had grown from a wild thing into a hope-to see the chimaera girl again-had become a plan . 
 it had two parts . 
 only the first was magical : to perfect a glamour that could conceal his wings . 
 there was a manipulation for camouflage , but it was rudimentary , only a kind of `` skip '' in space that could trick the eye-at a distance-into overlooking the object in question . 
 invisibility it was not . 
 if he hoped to pass in disguise among the enemy-which was exactly what he hoped-he would have to do better than that . 
 so he worked at it . 
 it took months . 
 he learned to go into his pain , like it was a place . 
 from within it , things looked different-sharp-edged-and felt and sounded different , too , tinny and cool . 
 pain was like a lens that honed everything , his senses and instincts , and it was there , through relentless trial and repetition , that he did it . 
 he achieved invisibility . 
 it was a triumph that would have garnered him fame and the emperor 's highest honors , and it gave him a cold satisfaction to keep it to himself . 
 blood will out , he thought . 
 father . 
 the other part of his plan was language . 
 to master chimaera , he perched on the roof of the slave barracks and listened to the stories they told by the light of their stinking dungfire . 
 their tales were unexpectedly rich and beautiful , and , listening , he could n't help imagining his chimaera girl sitting at a battle campfire somewhere telling the same stories . 
 his . 
 he caught himself thinking of her as his , and it did n't even seem strange . 
 by the time he was sent back to his regiment at morwen bay , he could have used a little more time to perfect his chimaera accent , but he thought he was basically ready for what came next , in all its bright and shining madness . 
 40 almost like magic back then , it had been madrigal 's existence that had called to him across space . 
 now it was karou 's . 
 then , loramendi had been his destination , the caged city of the beasts . 
 now it was marrakesh . 
 once again he left hazael and liraz behind , but this time he did n't leave them in ignorance . 
 they knew the truth about him . 
 what they would do about it , he could n't guess . 
 liraz had called him a traitor , said he made her sick . 
 hazael had just stared , pale and repulsed . 
 but they had let him go without bloodshed-his or theirs-and that was the best he had hoped for . 
 whether they would tell their commander-or even the emperor-come back hunting for him , or cover for him , he could n't know . 
 he could n't think about it . 
 flying over the mediterranean with the wishbone in his hand , his thoughts belonged to karou . 
 he imagined her waiting for him at the mad moroccan square where he 'd first locked eyes with her . 
 he could picture her so clearly , down to the way she would keep lifting her hand to her throat , reaching for the wishbone before she remembered , with a fresh pang every time , that she did n't have it . 
 he had it . 
 everything it meant , to the past , to the future , was right here in his hand-almost like magic , as madrigal had told him once . 
 until the night that he had finally seen madrigal again , he had n't even known what a wishbone was . 
 she wore one on a cord around her neck , so incongruous a thing against her silk gown , her silken skin . 
 `` it 's a wishbone , '' she 'd told him , holding it out . 
 `` you hook your finger around the spur , like this , and we each make a wish and pull . 
 whoever gets the bigger piece gets their wish . '' 
 `` magic ? '' 
 akiva had asked . 
 `` what bird does this come from , that its bones make magic ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's not magic . 
 the wishes do n't really come true . '' 
 `` then why do it ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` hope ? 
 hope can be a powerful force . 
 maybe there 's no actual magic in it , but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you , you can make things happen , almost like magic . '' 
 he was lost in her . 
 the radiance of her eyes kindled something in him that made him aware he had passed his life in a haze of half-living , at best half-feeling . 
 `` and what do you hope for most ? '' 
 he asked , wanting-whatever it was-to give it to her . 
 she was coy . 
 `` you 're not supposed to tell . 
 come , wish with me . '' 
 akiva reached out and hooked one finger around the bone 's slender spur . 
 the thing he wished for most was a thing he had never wished for at all , not until he had discovered her . 
 and it came true that night , and many nights after . 
 a brief and shining span of happiness , it was the pivot point around which his whole life spun . 
 everything he had done since , it had been because he had loved madrigal , and lost her , and lost himself . 
 and now ? 
 he was flying toward karou with the truth in his hand , this thing so fragile , `` almost like magic . '' 
 almost ? 
 not this time . 
 this wishbone seethed magic . 
 brimstone 's signature was as powerful on it as on the portals that set akiva 's teeth on edge . 
 in the bone was the truth , and with it , the power to make karou hate him . 
 and if it were to vanish-such a tiny thing to drop in an ocean-what then ? 
 karou never needed to know anything . 
 he could have her then ; he could love her . 
 more to the point , if there were no wishbone , she could love him . 
 it was a poisonous thought , and it filled akiva with self-loathing . 
 he tried to quell it , but the bone taunted him . 
 she never has to know , it seemed to say , lying there on his open hand . 
 and the mediterranean far below , dappled and sun-dazzled and fathoms deep , affirmed it . 
 she never has to know . 
 41 aleph karou was exactly where akiva had imagined her to be , at a cafe table at the edge of the jemaa el-fna , and also as he had imagined , she was unquiet in the absence of the wishbone . 
 once , her fingers would have needed no occupation but the holding of her pencil . 
 now her sketchbook lay open before her , white pages blinding in the north african sun , and she fidgeted , unfocused , unable to keep her eyes from searching the plaza for akiva . 
 he would come , she told herself , and he would bring back the wishbone . 
 he would . 
 if he was alive . 
 would they have harmed him , those other seraphim ? 
 it had been two days already . 
 what if ... ? 
 no . 
 he was alive . 
 to imagine him otherwise ... karou 's mind could n't approach it . 
 absurdly , she kept remembering kishmish , years ago , gulping down that hummingbird-moth-the stark suddenness of it : alive , not alive . 
 just like that . 
 no . 
 her thoughts veered away , finding focus on the wishbone . 
 what did it mean , that it had had that effect on akiva ? 
 and ... what could he have to tell her that had made him fall to his knees ? 
 the mystery of her self took on a dark tint and she felt a shiver of apprehension . 
 she could n't help remembering zuzana and mik , the looks on their faces-stunned and afraid . 
 of her . 
 she had called zuzana from her airport layover in casablanca . 
 they had argued . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 zuzana had demanded to know . 
 `` let 's not regress to the time of mysterious errands , karou . '' 
 there was n't much point being cagey now , so she 'd told her . 
 zuzana , unsurprisingly , had taken akiva 's line that it was too dangerous , and brimstone would n't want it . 
 `` i want you to take my flat , '' said karou . 
 `` i already called the landlord . 
 he has a key for you , and it 's paid for the rest of - '' `` i do n't want your stupid flat , '' zuzana said . 
 zuzana , who boarded with a cabbage-cooking elder aunt and joked not infrequently about killing karou just for her flat . 
 `` because you live in it . 
 you are not just going to vanish like this , karou . 
 this is n't some goddamn narnia book . '' 
 there was no reasoning with her . 
 the conversation ended badly , and karou was left sitting with her phone warm in her hands and no one else to call . 
 it struck her with terrible clarity how few people were in her life . 
 she thought of esther , her fake grandmother , and that just made her sad , that her mind would default to a stand-in . 
 she almost tossed the phone in the trash right there-she did n't have the charger , anyway-but was very glad the next morning that she had n't . 
 it vibrated in her pocket at the cafe , on the dregs of its juice , and disclosed the message : no . 
 food . 
 anywhere . 
 thanks a lot for starving me . 
 * croak expire * she laughed , and held her face , and even cried a little , and when an old man asked her if she was okay , she was n't quite sure . 
 two days she had been sitting here now ; two nights she had tried to sleep in her rented room nearby . 
 she had tracked down razgut , just to know where he was when she was ready to go , and had left him again , wailing for his gavriel , which she did not give him . 
 she would make his wish for him when the time came to go . 
 to go . 
 with or without akiva , with or without her wishbone . 
 how long would she wait ? 
 two days and two unending nights , and her eyes were darting , hungry . 
 her heart was gasping , empty . 
 whatever resistance had been in her , she gave it up . 
 her hands knew what they wanted : they wanted akiva , the spark and heat of him . 
 even in the warmth of the moroccan spring she was cold , as if the only thing with a chance of warming her was him . 
 on the third morning , walking through the souks to the jemaa el-fna , she made a curious purchase . 
 fingerless gloves . 
 she saw them in a vendor 's stall , densely knit things of striped berber wool , reinforced with leather at the palms . 
 she bought them and pulled them on . 
 they covered her hamsas entirely , and she could n't deceive herself that she 'd bought them for warmth . 
 she knew what she wanted . 
 she wanted what her hands wanted : to touch akiva , and not just with her fingertips , and not with caution , and not with fear of causing him pain . 
 she wanted to hold him and be held , in soft perfect unity , like slow-dancing . 
 she wanted to fit herself to him , breathe him , come alive against him , discover him , hold his face as he had held hers , with tenderness . 
 with love . 
 `` it will come , and you will know it , '' brimstone had promised her once , and though he had surely never dreamed it would come to her as the enemy , she knew now he had n't been wrong . 
 she did know it . 
 it was simple and total , like hunger or happiness , and when she looked up from her tea on the third morning and saw akiva in the square , standing some twenty yards off and looking at her , it thrilled through her like her nerves were channeling starlight . 
 he was safe . 
 he was here . 
 she rose from her chair . 
 it struck her , the way he was just standing there at a distance . 
 and when he came to her , it was with a heavy tread and a closed expression , slowly , reluctantly . 
 her certainty vanished . 
 she did not reach for him , or even step out from behind the table . 
 all the starlight shrank back up her nerve endings , leaving her cold , and she stared at him-the heavy slowness , the flatness of his look-and wondered if she had imagined everything between them . 
 `` hi , '' she said in a small voice , hesitant and with an uplift of hope that she might be misreading him , that he might still mirror back at her the starburst that the sight of him had ignited in her . 
 it was what she had always wanted and thought that she 'd found : someone who was for her , as she was for him , whose blood and butterflies sang to hers and answered them , note for note . 
 but akiva answered nothing . 
 he gave a tight nod and made no move to come closer . 
 `` you 're okay , '' she said , and her voice did n't begin to convey her gladness . 
 `` you waited , '' he said . 
 `` i. . . 
 i said i would . '' 
 `` as long as you could . '' 
 was he bitter that she had n't promised ? 
 karou wanted to tell him that she had n't known then what she knew now-that `` as long as she could '' was a long time indeed , and that she felt as if she 'd been waiting for him all her life . 
 but she was silenced by his closed expression . 
 he thrust out his hand and said , `` here , '' and there was her wishbone , dangling by its cord . 
 she took it , managing a whispered thank you as she slipped it over her head . 
 it settled back into its place at the base of her throat . 
 `` i brought these , too , '' akiva said , and placed on the table the case that held her crescent-moon knives . 
 `` you 'll need them . '' 
 it sounded hard , almost like a threat . 
 karou just stood there , blinking back tears . 
 `` do you still want to know who you are ? '' 
 akiva asked . 
 he was n't even looking at her . 
 he was looking past her , at nothing . 
 `` of course i do , '' she said , though it was n't what she had been thinking . 
 what she wanted right now was to go back in time , to prague . 
 she had believed then , with a certainty that was both thrill and refuge , that akiva was coming back from some dark night of the soul for her . 
 now it was like he was dead again , and though she had her wishbone back , and though she was going to learn , finally , the answer to the question at the core of her being , she felt dead , too . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` with the others ? '' 
 he ignored the question . 
 `` is there somewhere we can go ? '' 
 `` go ? '' 
 akiva gestured to the crowds in the square , the vendors building their pyramids of oranges , the tourists toting cameras and parcels of shopping . 
 `` you 'll want to be alone for this , '' he said . 
 `` what ... what do you have to tell me that i 'll want to be alone to hear it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to tell you anything . '' 
 akiva had been gazing past her , unfocused , this whole time , so that she 'd begun to feel like some kind of blur , but he fixed his eyes on her now . 
 their brilliance was like the sun in topaz , and she saw , before he looked away again , the bare glint of a yearning so deep it hurt to behold . 
 her heart leapt . 
 `` we 're going to break the wishbone , '' he said . 
 and then she would know everything , and she would hate him . 
 akiva was trying to prepare himself for the way she would look at him once she understood . 
 he had watched her from the square for a handful of seconds before she looked up , and he witnessed the way her face was transformed by the sight of him-from anxious , lost expectancy , to ... light . 
 it was as if she had emitted a pulse of radiation that reached him even where he stood , and it bathed him and it burned him . 
 all that he did n't deserve and could never have was in that instant . 
 all he wanted now was to fold her against him , lose his hands in her hair-which was clean and combed straight as rivers over her shoulders-lose himself in the fragrance and softness of her . 
 he remembered a story madrigal had told him once : the human tale of the golem . 
 it was a thing shaped of clay in the form of a man , brought to life by carving the symbol aleph into its brow . 
 aleph was the first letter of an ancestral human alphabet , and the first letter of the hebrew word truth ; it was the beginning . 
 watching karou rise to her feet , radiant in a fall of lapis hair , in a woven dress the color of tangerines , with a loop of silver beads at her throat and a look of joy and relief and ... love ... on her beautiful face , akiva knew that she was his aleph , his truth and beginning . 
 his soul . 
 his wing joints ached with the desire to beat , once , and propel him to her , but instead he walked , heavy and heartsick . 
 his arms felt banded by iron , keeping them from reaching for her . 
 the way the light went out of her at the cold manner of his approach , the hesitation and hope in her voice-it was killing him by degrees . 
 it was better this way . 
 if he gave in and let himself have what he wanted , she would only hate him more once she knew what he really was . 
 so he held himself remote , aching , preparing for the moment he knew must come . 
 `` break it ? '' 
 karou asked now , looking at the wishbone in surprise . 
 `` brimstone never did - '' `` it was n't his , '' said akiva . 
 `` it was never his . 
 he was just keeping it . 
 for you . '' 
 he had n't been able to drop it in the sea . 
 that he had even considered it made him sick with himself-more evidence of his unworthiness of her . 
 she deserved to know everything , in all its heartbreak and brutality , and if he was right about the wishbone , she very soon would . 
 she seemed to sense something of the magnitude of the moment . 
 `` akiva , '' she whispered . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 and when she looked at him with her bird-black eyes , frightened and imploring , he had to turn away again , so powerful was the longing that twisted through him . 
 not touching her in that moment was one of the hardest things he had ever done . 
 and it might have gone on between them in that terrible , false way , but karou had seen what she had seen , and felt it , too-akiva 's yearning , meeting her own in a deep place-and when he turned away she experienced a sudden unspooling , like the snap of a cable and all her restraints giving way , and she could n't bear it anymore . 
 she reached for him . 
 her half-gloved hand , hamsa covered , took his arm , gently and full against his skin , and turned him back to her . 
 she stepped close , tipping back her head to gaze up at him , and took his other arm . 
 `` akiva , '' she murmured , her tone no longer fearful , but low and ardent and sweet . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 her hands climbed him , over the steel of his arms and shoulders , up ramps of trapezius to his throat , his rough-smooth jaw , and then her fingertips were on his lips , so soft by comparison . 
 she felt them tremble . 
 `` akiva , '' she repeated . 
 `` akiva . 
 akiva . '' 
 she seemed to be saying , enough of this ; stop pretending . 
 and so , with a shudder , he did . 
 he dropped the pretense , and dropped his head , so his brow came to rest against the sun-warmed top of hers . 
 his arms went around her and drew her in , and karou and akiva were like two matches struck against each other to flare starlight . 
 with a sigh , she softened , and it was pure homecoming to melt against him and rest . 
 she felt the coarseness of his unshaven throat at her cheek as he tested , against his own , the perfect water-smoothness of her hair . 
 they stood like that for a long time , and they were quiet but their blood and nerves and butterflies were not-they were rampantly alive , rushing and thrumming in a wild and perfect melody , matched note for note . 
 the wishbone , small but sharp , was trapped between them . 
 42 ache and salt and allness `` in here , '' karou said , leading akiva to a sky-blue door set in a dusty wall . 
 their fingers were laced together . 
 they could n't not touch , and guiding him through the medina , karou had felt like she was floating . 
 they might have hurried , but instead they drifted , pausing to watch a carpet-maker , to peer into a basket of puppies , to test the points of ornamental daggers with their fingertips-anything but haste . 
 but as slowly as they went , they still arrived at their destination . 
 akiva followed karou down a dark passage , where they were spilled into the light of a courtyard , a hidden world open only to the sky . 
 it was fringed with date palms and brilliant with zelij tiles , a fountain plashing in its center . 
 a balcony ran around the second story , and karou 's room was up a twist of stairs . 
 it was bigger than her flat , with a high , timbered ceiling . 
 the walls were vermillion tadelakt with a deep , earthen glow , and a berber blanket on the bed spelled out some mysterious blessing in a language of symbols . 
 akiva closed the door and let go of karou 's hand , and the moment that she had been pushing ahead of them , forestalling-the breaking of the wishbone ... it was here . 
 this was it . 
 this was it . 
 akiva paced away from her , looked out a window , raised his hands and raked his fingers through his hair in a gesture that was becoming familiar , then turned back to her . 
 `` are you ready , karou ? '' 
 no . 
 suddenly , no . 
 she was not ready . 
 panic , like a chaos of wings in her rib cage . 
 `` we can wait , '' she said with artificial brightness . 
 `` we do n't want to fly until nightfall anyway . '' 
 the plan was to fetch razgut once the sun went down , and to fly with him under cover of darkness to the portal , wherever it might be . 
 akiva came back toward her , a few halting steps , and stopped just out of reach . 
 `` we could wait , '' he agreed , seeming lured by the idea . 
 then he added , very softly , `` but it wo n't get any easier . '' 
 `` you 'd tell me , would n't you , if it was something awful ? '' 
 he came closer , reached up and stroked her hair , once , slowly . 
 feline , she leaned into his touch . 
 he said , `` you do n't have to be afraid , karou . 
 how could it be awful ? 
 it 's you . 
 you can only be beautiful . '' 
 a shy smile tugged at her lips . 
 she took a breath and said with resolve , `` okay then . 
 should i , um , sit down ? '' 
 `` if you like . '' 
 she went to the bed and climbed to its center , curling her legs under her and tucking down the hem of her orange dress , which she 'd bought in the souk with the thought of akiva seeing her in it . 
 she had bought more practical apparel , too , for the journey and whatever might come after . 
 it was packed in a new bag and ready to go , along with such mundane necessaries as she 'd had to leave prague without , having fled town so abruptly . 
 she was glad akiva had brought her knives-glad to have them , that is , and afraid of needing them . 
 he sat facing her , his legs long and easy , shoulders rolled forward in a way that accentuated their breadth . 
 it was then that karou had another flash , a split in the surface of time , and a glimpse , within , of akiva . 
 he was sitting just like this , his shoulders heavy and relaxed in just that way , but ... they were bare , as was his chest , and he was all tawny muscle , the right shoulder a snarl of scar tissue . 
 again , on his face , the smile that hurt with its beauty . 
 again , an instant and it was gone . 
 she blinked , cocked her head , and murmured , `` oh . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 akiva asked . 
 `` sometimes i think i see you , in another time or something ... i do n't know . '' 
 she shook her head and waved it off . 
 `` your shoulder . 
 what happened to it ? '' 
 he touched it , watching her intently . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 she blushed . 
 there had been something so sensual about that moment , him sitting there shirtless and happy . 
 she said only , `` you ... smiling . 
 i have n't seen you smile like that , not really . '' 
 `` it 's been a long time . '' 
 `` i wish you would , '' she said . 
 `` for me . '' 
 he did n't . 
 pain flashed over his face and he looked down at his knuckles and then back up at her . 
 `` come here , '' he said , and reached out , easing the wishbone 's cord up and over her head . 
 he hooked a finger around it . 
 `` like this . '' 
 she did n't take it . 
 she said in a rush , `` whatever happens , we do n't have to be enemies . 
 not if we do n't want to be . 
 it 's up to us , is n't it ? '' 
 `` it will be up to you , '' he said . 
 `` but i already know - '' he shook his head , sorrowful . 
 `` you ca n't know . 
 you ca n't know until you know . '' 
 she let out an exasperated breath . 
 `` you sound like brimstone , '' she muttered , and set about composing herself . 
 and then , finally , she lifted her hand to slip her pinkie around the wishbone 's free spur . 
 her knuckle came to rest against akiva 's , and even that small contact kicked off an effervescence all through her . 
 now , all they had to do was pull . 
 karou waited a beat , thinking akiva would lead , but then she thought he was waiting for her . 
 she checked his eyes-they were on hers , searing-and tensed her hand . 
 the only way to do it was to do it . 
 she started to pull . 
 this time , it was akiva who jerked his hand away . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he reached for her face , and karou covered his hand with hers , pressing it to her cheek . 
 he said , `` i want you to know ... '' he swallowed . 
 `` i need you to know that i was drawn to you-to you , karou-before the wishbone . 
 before i knew , and i think ... i think i would always find you , no matter how you were hidden . '' 
 he was focused on her with extraordinary intensity . 
 `` your soul sings to mine . 
 my soul is yours , and it always will be , in any world . 
 no matter what happens - '' his voice cracked , and he took a breath . 
 `` i need you to remember that i love you . '' 
 love . 
 karou felt bathed in light . 
 the cherished word leapt to her own lips to answer him , but he beseeched her , `` tell me you 'll remember . 
 promise me . '' 
 here was a promise she could make , and did . 
 akiva fell silent , and karou , sitting forward , breathless , thought that that was all-that he would just say something like that and then not kiss her . 
 which was absurd , and she would have protested had it come to that , but it did not . 
 one of his hands was already at her cheek ; he lifted the other . 
 he cradled her face in his hands , and then it was as smooth as inevitability : a gliding together . 
 his mouth brushed hers . 
 a dip , a touch like a whisper-a gentle , gentle grazing of akiva 's full lower lip across both of karou 's in an upward lilt , and then there was space between them again , so small a space , their faces so close . 
 they breathed each other 's breath as the pull gathered between and around and in them , astral , and then the space was gone again , and all there was was the kiss . 
 sweet and warm and trembling . 
 soft and hard and deepening . 
 mint on karou 's breath , salt on akiva 's skin . 
 his hands in her hair , plunged to the wrists like it was water ; her palms at his chest , the wishbone forgotten in the discovery of his heartbeat . 
 sweetness gave way to something else . 
 pulse . 
 pleasure . 
 what overwhelmed karou was the realness , the deep physical trueness of akiva-salt and musk and muscle , flame and flesh and heartbeat-the feeling of allness . 
 the taste of him and the feel of him against her lips-his mouth and then his jaw , his neck and the soft place beneath his ear , and how he shivered when she kissed him there , and somehow her hands slipped under his shirt and up , so that only her half gloves were between her hands and his chest . 
 her fingertips danced over him and he shook and crushed her to him and the kiss was so much more than a kiss now . 
 it was karou who leaned back , drawing him down with her , over her , and the feel of all of him against all of her was total and burning and ... familiar , too , and she was herself but not herself , arching into him with a soft animal mewl . 
 and akiva broke away . 
 it was quick as shattering-a lurch and he was up , leaving behind the jagged edges of the moment . 
 karou sat up fast . 
 she did n't know where her breath had gone . 
 her dress was bunched at her thighs ; the wishbone lay abandoned on the blanket , and akiva stood at the foot of the bed , faced away from her with his hands on his h * ps and his head lowered . 
 his breathing matched hers in rhythm , even now . 
 karou sat silent , overcome by the power of what had possessed her . 
 she had never felt anything like it . 
 with space between them now , she was chastened-what had made her take things so far ? 
 - but she also wanted it back , the ache and salt and allness of it . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' said akiva , strained . 
 `` no , it was me , and it 's all right . 
 akiva , i love you , too - '' `` it 's not all right , '' he said , turning back , his tiger eyes violently ablaze . 
 `` it 's not all right , karou . 
 i did n't mean for that to happen . 
 i do n't want you to hate me more than you already - '' `` hate you ? 
 how could i ever - '' `` karou , '' he said , cutting her short . 
 `` you have to know the truth , and you have to know it now . 
 we have to break the wishbone . '' 
 and so , at last , they did . 
 43 snap such a little thing , and brittle , and the sound it made : a sharp , clean snap . 
 44 whole snap . 
 rushing , like wind through a door , and karou was the door , and the wind was coming home , and she was also the wind . 
 she was all : wind and home and door . 
 she rushed into herself and was filled . 
 she let herself in and was full . 
 she closed again . 
 the wind settled . 
 it was as simple as that . 
 she was whole . 
 45 madrigal she is a child . 
 she is flying . 
 the air is thin and miserly to breathe , and the world lies so far below that even the moons , playing chase across the sky , are seen from above , like the shining crowns of children 's heads . 
 she is no longer a child . 
 she slips down from the sky , through the boughs of requiem trees . 
 it is dark , and the grove is alive with the hish-hish of evangelines , night-loving serpent-birds that drink the requiem blooms . 
 they 're drawn to her-hish-hish-and dart around her horns , stirring the blossoms so pollen sifts down , golden , and settles on her shoulders . 
 later , it will numb her lover 's lips as he drinks her in . 
 she is in battle . 
 seraphim plummet from the sky , trailing fire . 
 she is in love . 
 it is bright within her , like a swallowed star . 
 she mounts a scaffold . 
 a thousand-thousand faces stare at her , but she sees only one . 
 she kneels on the battlefield beside a dying angel . 
 wings enfold her . 
 skin like fever , love like burning . 
 she mounts the scaffold . 
 her hands are tied behind her , her wings pinioned . 
 a thousand-thousand faces stare ; feet stamp , hooves ; voices shriek and jeer , but one rises above them all . 
 it is akiva 's . 
 it is a scream to scour ghosts from their nests . 
 she is madrigal kirin , who dared imagine a new way of living . 
 the blade is a great and shining thing , like a falling moon . 
 it is sudden - 46 sudden karou gasped . 
 her hands flew to her neck and wrapped around it , and it was intact . 
 she looked at akiva and blinked , and when she breathed his name , there was a new richness in her voice , an infusion of wonder and love and entreaty that made it seem to rise out of time . 
 as it did . 
 `` akiva , '' she breathed with the fullness of her self . 
 with longing , with anguish , he watched her , and waited . 
 she dropped her hands from her neck and they trembled as she stripped off her gloves to reveal her palms . 
 she stared at them . 
 they stared back . 
 they stared back-two flat indigo eyes-and she understood what brimstone had done . 
 she finally understood everything . 
 once upon a time , there were two moons , who were sisters . 
 nitid was the goddess of tears and life , and the sky was hers . 
 no one worshipped ellai but secret lovers . 
 47 evanescence madrigal ascended the scaffold . 
 her hands were tied behind her , her wings pinioned so she could n't fly away . 
 it was an unnecessary precaution : overhead arched the iron bars of the cage . 
 the bars were there to keep seraphim out , not chimaera in , but today they would have served that purpose . 
 madrigal was not going anywhere but to her death . 
 `` that is unnecessary , '' brimstone had objected when thiago ordered the pinion . 
 his voice had come out as a scraping almost too low to hear , like something being dragged across the ground . 
 thiago , the white wolf , the general , the warlord 's son and right hand , had ignored him . 
 he knew it was unnecessary . 
 he wanted to humiliate her . 
 madrigal 's death was n't enough for him . 
 he wanted her abject , penitent . 
 he wanted her on her knees . 
 he would be disappointed . 
 he could bind her hands and wings , he could force her to her knees , and he could watch her die , but it was not in his power to make her repent . 
 she was not sorry for what she had done . 
 on the palace balcony , the warlord sat in state . 
 he had the head of a stag , his antlers tipped in gold . 
 thiago was in his place at his father 's side . 
 the seat at the warlord 's left hand belonged to brimstone , and was empty . 
 a thousand-thousand eyes were on madrigal , and the cacophony of the crowd was sharpening to something dark , the voices cresting to jeers . 
 feet stamped , thunderous . 
 there had not been an execution in the plaza in living memory , but those gathered knew what to do , as if hate were an atavism just waiting to resurface . 
 a shrieked accusation : `` angel-lover ! '' 
 some in the crowd were stricken , uncertain . 
 madrigal was a beauty , a joy-could she really have done this unthinkable thing ? 
 and then akiva was brought out . 
 it was thiago 's order that he be forced to watch . 
 the guards knocked him to his knees on a platform opposite hers , from which his view would be unobscured . 
 even bloodied and shackled and weak from torture , he was glorious . 
 his wings flared radiant ; his eyes were fire , and they were fierce , and fixed on her , and madrigal was filled with a warmth of memories and tenderness , and with sharp regret that her body would never again know his , her mouth never again meet his , that their dreams would never come to their fruition . 
 her eyes filled with tears . 
 she smiled across space to him , and it was a look of such unmistakable love that no one watching could continue to doubt her guilt . 
 madrigal kirin was guilty of treason-of loving the enemy-sentenced to death and worse , a sentence that had not been handed down for hundreds of years : evanescence . 
 unmaking . 
 she was alone on the scaffold with the hooded executioner . 
 head held high , she stepped toward the block and sank to her knees , and it was then that akiva started to scream . 
 his voice soared over the pandemonium-a scream to scour the souls of all gathered , a sound to drive ghosts from their nests . 
 it drilled through madrigal 's heart , and she yearned to gather him in her arms . 
 she knew thiago wanted her to break and scream and beg , but she would n't . 
 there was no point . 
 there was not the slightest hope of life . 
 not for her . 
 one last look to her love , and she laid her head down on the block . 
 it was black rock , like everything in loramendi , and it was hot as an anvil against her cheek . 
 akiva screamed , and madrigal 's heart answered it . 
 her pulse raced-she was about to die-but she kept calm . 
 she had a plan , and it was what she held on to as the executioner raised his blade-a great and shining thing , like a falling moon-because she had work ahead of her , and she could n't afford to lose her focus . 
 she was n't finished yet . 
 after she died , she was going to save akiva 's life . 
 48 pure madrigal kirin was madrigal of the kirin , one of the last winged tribes of the adelphas mountains . 
 the adelphas were the natural bastion between the seraph empire and the free holdings-the defended chimaera territory-and it had been centuries since anyone had dwelt safely in their peaks . 
 the kirin , flash-fast and superb archers , lasted longer than most . 
 they were annihilated only a decade ago , when madrigal was a child . 
 she grew up in loramendi , a child of towers and rooftops , not mountains . 
 loramendi-the cage , the black fortress , the warlord 's nest-was home to some million chimaera , creatures of all aspects who would never , but for the seraphim , have lived together or fought side by side , or even spoken the same language . 
 once , the races had been scattered , isolated , sometimes trading with one another , sometimes skirmishing-a kirin like madrigal having no more in common with an anolis from iximi , for example , than a wolf did with a tiger-but the empire had changed all that . 
 in naming themselves the world 's keepers , the angels had given the creatures of the land a common enemy , and now , centuries into their struggle , they shared heritage and language , history , heroes , a cause . 
 they were a nation-of which the warlord was leader , and loramendi capital . 
 it was a port city , its broad harbor filled with warships , fishing vessels , and a stout trade fleet . 
 ripples in the surface of the water gave evidence of amphibious creatures who , part of the alliance , escorted the ships and fought on their side . 
 the city itself , within the massive black walls and bars of the fortress , was shared by a multifarious population , and though they had been stirred together over the centuries , still they tended to settle in neighborhoods like with like , or near enough , and a caste system prevailed , based on aspect . 
 madrigal was of high-human aspect , as was said of races with the head and torso of man or woman . 
 her horns were a gazelle 's , black and ridged , flowing up off her brow and back in a scimitar sweep . 
 her legs shifted at the knees from flesh to fur , the gazelle portion giving them an elegant , exaggerated length , so that when she stood to her full height she was nearly six feet , not including horns , and an undue portion of that was leg . 
 she was slender as a stem . 
 her brown eyes , spaced wide , were as large and glistening as a deer 's but with none of a deer 's vacantness . 
 they were keen and immediate and intelligent , leaping like sparks . 
 her face was oval , smooth and fair , her mouth generous and mobile , made for smiling . 
 by anyone 's measure , she was beautiful , though she made as little as possible of her beauty , keeping her dark hair short as fur and wearing no paint or ornament . 
 it did n't matter . 
 she was beautiful , and beauty would be noticed . 
 thiago had noticed . 
 madrigal was hiding , though she would deny it if accused . 
 she was on the roof of the north barracks , stretched out on her back like she 'd fallen from the sky . 
 or , not the sky . 
 if she had fallen from the sky , she would have landed on iron bars . 
 she was within the cage , on a rooftop , her wings splayed wide on either side of her . 
 all around , she felt the manic rhythms of the city , and heard and smelled them , too-excitement , preparations . 
 meat roasting , instruments being tuned . 
 a firework test fizzled past like a misbegotten angel . 
 she should have been preparing , too . 
 instead she lay on her back , hiding . 
 she was n't dressed for festivity , but in her usual soldier 's leathers-breeches that fit like a skin to the knee , and a vest that laced in the back , accommodating wings . 
 her blades , shaped in homage to the sister moons , were at her sides . 
 she looked relaxed , even limp , but her stomach was churning , her hands clasped in fists . 
 the moon was n't helping . 
 though the sun was out-it was full , effulgent afternoon-nitid had already appeared in the sky , as if madrigal actually needed a sign . 
 nitid was the bright moon , the elder sister , and there had been a belief among the kirin that when nitid rose early it meant she was eager , and that something was going to happen . 
 well , this evening something was certainly going to happen , but madrigal did not yet know what . 
 it was up to her . 
 taut within her , her unmade decision felt like a bow strung too tight . 
 a shadow , a wing-stirred wind , and her sister chiro was sweeping down to land beside her . 
 `` here you are , '' she said . 
 `` hiding . '' 
 `` i 'm not - '' madrigal started to protest , but chiro was n't hearing it . 
 `` get up . '' 
 she kicked madrigal 's hooves . 
 `` up up up . 
 i 've come to take you to the baths . '' 
 `` baths ? 
 are you trying to tell me something ? '' 
 madrigal sniffed herself . 
 `` i 'm almost sure i do n't smell . '' 
 `` maybe not , but between shining cleanliness and not smelling , there is a vast gray area . '' 
 like madrigal , chiro had bat wings ; unlike her , she was of creature aspect , with the head of a jackal . 
 they were not blood sisters . 
 when madrigal was orphaned by the slave raid that claimed her tribe , the survivors had come to loramendi-a handful of elders with the few babes they 'd managed to hide in the caves , and madrigal . 
 she was seven , and had not been taken only because she was n't there . 
 she 'd been up the peak gathering the shed skins of air elementals from their abandoned nests , and had returned to ruin , corpses , loss . 
 her parents were among the taken , not the dead , and for a long time she had dreamed she would find them and set them free , but the empire was vast , and swallowed its slaves whole , and it got harder to hold on to that dream as she grew up . 
 in loramendi , chiro 's family , of the desert sab race , had been chosen to foster her chiefly because , being winged , they could keep up with her . 
 she and chiro had grown up side by side , as good as sisters in all but blood . 
 chiro 's haunches were cat , caracal to be precise , and when she melted to a crouch beside madrigal , her pose was sphinxlike . 
 `` for the ball , '' she said , `` i would hope that you would aspire to shining cleanliness . '' 
 madrigal sighed . 
 `` the ball . '' 
 `` you did not forget , '' said chiro . 
 `` do n't pretend you did . '' 
 she was right , of course . 
 madrigal had not forgotten . 
 how could she ? 
 `` up . '' 
 chiro kicked her feet again . 
 `` up up up . '' 
 `` stop it , '' muttered madrigal , staying where she was and halfheartedly kicking back . 
 chiro said , `` tell me you 've at least got a dress and a mask . '' 
 `` when would i have gotten a dress and a mask ? 
 i 've only been back from ezeret for - '' `` for a week , which is plenty of time . 
 honestly , mad , it 's not like this is just another ball . '' 
 exactly , madrigal thought . 
 if it were , she would n't be hiding on the roof , trying to block out the thing that loomed over her , that sent her heartbeat skittering like scorpion-mice whenever she thought of it . 
 she would be getting ready , excited for the biggest festival of the year : the warlord 's birthday . 
 `` thiago will be looking at you , '' chiro said , as if it could possibly have slipped her mind . 
 `` leering , you mean . '' 
 leering , peering , licking his teeth , and waiting for a gesture . 
 `` as you deserve to be leered at . 
 come on , it 's thiago . 
 do n't tell me it does n't excite you . '' 
 did it ? 
 the general thiago - `` the white wolf '' - was a force of nature , brilliant and deadly , bane of angels and architect of impossible victories . 
 he was also beautiful , and madrigal 's flesh was ever unquiet around him , though she could n't exactly tell if it was arousal or fear . 
 he had let it be known he was ready to marry again , and who it was he favored : her . 
 his attention made her feel warm and skittish , pliant and inconsequential and at the same time rebellious , as if his overwhelming presence was something that needed to be worked against , lest she lose herself in the grand , consuming shadow of him . 
 it was left to her to encourage his suit or not . 
 it was n't romantic , but she could n't say that it was n't exhilarating . 
 thiago was powerful and as perfectly muscled as a statue , of high-human aspect , with legs that changed at the knees not to antelope legs as her own did , but to the huge padded paws of a wolf , covered in silken white fur . 
 his hair was silken white too , though his face was young , and madrigal had once glimpsed his chest , through a gap in the curtain of his campaign tent , and knew it , also , was furred white . 
 she 'd been striding past as a steward rushed out , and she 'd seen the general being suited in his armor . 
 flanked by attendants , his arms outstretched in the moment before his leather chestplate was fitted into place , his torso was a stunning v of masculine power , narrowing to slim hips , breeches clinging low beneath the ridges of perfect abdominal muscles . 
 it was only a glimpse , but the image of him half-clad had stayed in madrigal 's mind ever since . 
 a whisper of a thrill came over her at the thought of him . 
 `` well , maybe a little excited , '' she admitted , and chiro giggled . 
 the girlish sound struck a false note , and madrigal thought with a pang that her sister was jealous . 
 it made her more sensible of the honor of being thiago 's choice . 
 he could have anyone he wanted , and he wanted her . 
 but did she want him ? 
 if she did , truly , would n't it be easy ? 
 would n't she be at the baths already , getting perfumed and oiled and daydreaming of his touch ? 
 a small shudder went through her . 
 she told herself it was nerves . 
 `` what do you think he would do if ... if i rejected him ? '' 
 she ventured . 
 chiro was scandalized . 
 `` reject him ? 
 you must be feverish . '' 
 she touched madrigal 's brow . 
 `` have you eaten today ? 
 are you drunk ? '' 
 `` oh , stop , '' said madrigal , pushing chiro 's hand away . 
 `` it 's just ... i mean , can you picture , you know ... being with him ? '' 
 when madrigal pictured it , she imagined thiago heavy and breathing and ... biting ; it made her want to back into a corner . 
 but then , she did n't have much to go on by way of experience ; maybe she was simply nervous , and altogether wrong about him . 
 `` why would i imagine it ? '' 
 asked chiro . 
 `` it 's not like he 'd have me . '' 
 there was no detectable bitterness in her voice . 
 if anything , it was a touch too bright . 
 she meant , of course , her aspect-chimaera races did intermarry , though such unions were restricted by aspect-but there was more to it than that . 
 even if she were high-human , chiro would not satisfy thiago 's other criterion . 
 that one was not a matter of caste . 
 it was his own fetish , and it was madrigal 's luck-good luck or bad , she had n't yet decided-to qualify . 
 unlike chiro 's , her own hands were not marked by the hamsas , with all that they signified . 
 she had never awakened on a stone table to the lingering scent of revenant smoke . 
 her palms were blank . 
 she was still `` pure . '' 
 `` it 's such hypocrisy , '' she said . 
 `` his fetish for purity . 
 he is n't pure himself ! 
 he is n't even - '' chiro cut her off . 
 `` yes , well , he 's thiago , is n't he ? 
 he can be whoever he wants . 
 unlike some of us . '' 
 there was a barb in that , directed at madrigal , which accomplished what all her kicking had not . 
 madrigal sat up abruptly . 
 `` some of us , '' she replied , `` should learn to appreciate what they have . 
 brimstone said - '' `` oh , brimstone said , brimstone said . 
 has the almighty brimstone deigned to give you any advice about thiago ? '' 
 `` no , '' said madrigal . 
 `` he has not . '' 
 she supposed brimstone must know that thiago was courting her , if you could call it that , but he had n't brought it up , and she was glad . 
 there was a sanctity in brimstone 's presence , a purity of purpose possessed by no one else . 
 his every breath was devoted to his work , his brilliant , beautiful , and terrible work . 
 the underground cathedral , the shop with its dust-laden air pervaded by the whispering vibrations of thousands of teeth ; not least its tantalizing doorway , and the world to which it led . 
 it was , all of it , a fascination to madrigal . 
 she spent as much of her free time with brimstone as she could get away with . 
 it had taken her years of badgering , but she had actually succeeded in getting him to teach her-a first for him-and she felt far more pride in his trust than she did in thiago 's lust . 
 chiro said , `` well , maybe you should ask him , if you really ca n't decide what to do . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to ask him , '' said madrigal , irritated . 
 `` i 'll deal with this myself . '' 
 `` deal with it ? 
 poor you with your problems . 
 not everyone gets such a chance , madrigal . 
 to be thiago 's wife ? 
 to trade in leathers for silks , and barracks for a palace , to be safe , to be loved , to have status , to bear children and grow old ... '' chiro 's voice was shaking , and madrigal knew what she was going to say next . 
 she wished she would n't ; she was already ashamed . 
 her problem was no problem at all , not to chiro , who wore the hamsas . 
 chiro , who knew what if felt like to die . 
 chiro 's hand went with a flutter to her heart , where a seraph arrow had pierced her in the siege of kalamet last year , and killed her . 
 she said , `` mad , you have a chance to grow old in the skin you were born in . 
 some of us have only more death to look forward to . 
 death , death , and death . '' 
 madrigal looked at her own bare palms and said , `` i know . '' 
 49 teeth it was the secret at the core of the chimaera resistance , the thing that plagued angels , kept them awake at night , strummed at their minds and clawed at their souls . 
 it was the answer to the mystery of beast armies that , like nightmares , kept coming and coming , never diminishing , no matter how many of them the seraphim slaughtered . 
 when chiro took the arrow at kalamet a year ago , madrigal was at her side . 
 she held her while she died , blood frothing at her sharp dog teeth as she kicked and jerked and finally fell still . 
 madrigal did what she had trained to do , and what she had done many times before , though never for so close a friend . 
 with steady hands , she lit the incense in the thurible that hung , lantern-like , from the end of her gleaning staff-the long , curved crook that chimaera soldiers carried strapped to their backs-and she waited as the smoke wreathed around chiro . 
 arrows rained down , profuse and dangerously near , but she did n't leave until it was done . 
 two minutes to be certain ; that was the standard . 
 two minutes felt like two hours in the thickness of arrows , but madrigal did n't retreat . 
 there might not be another chance . 
 a furious seraph sally was driving them back from the kalamet wall . 
 she could drag chiro 's body with her , or she could complete the gleaning and leave it behind . 
 what was not an option was to leave it with chiro 's soul trapped in it . 
 when madrigal did finally fall back , she took her foster sister 's soul with her , safe within her thurible , just one of many souls she would glean that day . 
 the bodies were left to rot . 
 bodies were just bodies , just things . 
 back in loramendi , brimstone would already be making new ones . 
 brimstone was a resurrectionist . 
 he did n't breathe life back into the torn bodies of the battle-slain ; he made bodies . 
 this was the magic wrought in the cathedral under the earth . 
 out of the merest relics-teeth-brimstone conjured new bodies in which to sleeve the souls of slain warriors . 
 in this way , the chimaera army held up , year after year , against the superior might of the angels . 
 without him , and without teeth , the chimaera would fold . 
 it was n't even a question . 
 they would fall . 
 `` this is for chiro , '' madrigal had said , handing brimstone a necklace of teeth . 
 human , bat , caracal , and jackal . 
 she had labored over it for hours , neither sleeping nor eating since her return from kalamet . 
 her eyelids were lead weights . 
 she had handled every jackal tooth in the jar and listened to each until she was certain she had the most favorable-the cleanest , smoothest , sharpest , strongest . 
 the same with the other teeth , and the gems strung with them : jade for grace , diamonds for strength and beauty . 
 diamonds were a luxury not usually accorded a common soldier , but madrigal had used them defiantly , and brimstone let her . 
 he needed only hold the necklace for a moment to see that it was correct . 
 as he had taught her , she had strung teeth and gems in careful configuration for the conjuring of a body . 
 if they were strung in a different order , the body would manifest accordingly : bat head , perhaps , instead of jackal , human legs instead of caracal . 
 it was part recipe and part intuition , and madrigal was certain this necklace was perfect . 
 resurrected , chiro would look almost exactly as she had in her original flesh . 
 `` well done , '' brimstone said , and then he did something rare : he touched her . 
 one big hand came to rest briefly on the back of her neck before he turned away . 
 she blushed , proud ; issa saw and smiled . 
 a `` well done '' from brimstone was uncommon enough ; the touch was something special . 
 everything between the two of them was uncommon , really , and hard-won on madrigal 's part . 
 brimstone was a hermit , rarely seen outside his domain in loramendi 's west tower . 
 when he did make an appearance , it was at the left hand of the warlord , and he inspired equal reverence , though of a different sort . 
 the two of them were living myths , almost gods . 
 it was they , after all , who had orchestrated the uprising in astrae that left their angel masters dead in lakes of blood , and the survivors foundering for years to come as the chimaera found their footing as a people and gouged huge swaths of land back from the empire to establish the free holdings . 
 the warlord 's role was clear-he had been the general , the face and voice of the rebellion , and he was beloved as the father of the allied races . 
 but brimstone 's part in things was shadowier , and his fearsome persona rendered him a figure of mystery and speculation , rather than adulation . 
 he was the subject of many imaginative rumors-some of which hit on the truth , others nowhere near . 
 he did not , for example , eat humans . 
 he did have a doorway to their world , as madrigal had occasion to learn firsthand when , at the age of ten , she was assigned to be his page . 
 the youth mistress selected her because of her wings ; pure chance . 
 she might as easily have chosen chiro , but she did n't . 
 she chose madrigal , three years an orphan , skinny and inquisitive and lonely , and sent her off with an abstracted command to do as she was told , and keep quiet about what she learned . 
 what was she going to learn ? 
 the secrecy of it at once set young madrigal 's mind on fire , and it was with wide eyes and jitters that she presented herself in the west tower , to be ushered into the shop by a sweet-faced naja woman-issa-and offered tea . 
 she accepted it but did n't drink , so preoccupied was she with staring at everything : brimstone , for one thing , bigger up close than she had imagined from her few distant glimpses of him . 
 he hulked behind his desk , ignoring her . 
 in the shadows , his tufted tail switched like a cat 's , making her nervous . 
 she looked around at the shelves and dusty books ; she looked at the broad door on its scrollwork bronze hinges that maybe , just maybe , opened to another world ; and , of course , she looked at the teeth . 
 that was unexpected . 
 everywhere , the clitter-clack of teeth strings , the dusty jars of them , sharp teeth and blunt , huge and strange and tiny as hailstones . 
 her young fingers itched to touch , but no sooner did the thought enter her mind than , as if he heard it flittering there , brimstone cut her a look with those slit-pupil eyes of his , and the impulse froze dead . 
 madrigal froze . 
 he looked away , and she sat rigid for at least an entire minute before venturing one finger out to tap a curled boar tusk - `` do n't . '' 
 oh , his voice ! 
 what a thing it was , deep as a catacomb . 
 she should have been afraid , and maybe she was , a little , but the fire in her mind was primary . 
 `` what are they all for ? '' 
 she asked , awed . 
 the first question of many . 
 very , very many . 
 brimstone did n't answer . 
 he only finished the message he was writing out on thick cream paper and sent her off with it to the warlord 's steward . 
 that was all he wanted her for , to carry messages and run errands , to save twiga and yasri scurrying up and down the long spiral stairs . 
 he certainly was n't looking for an apprentice . 
 but once madrigal learned the fullness of his magic-resurrection ! 
 it was nothing less than immortality , the preservation of chimaera and all hope for their freedom and autonomy , forever-she was not content to be a page . 
 `` i could dust the jars for you . '' 
 `` i could help . 
 i could make some necklaces , too . '' 
 `` are these alligator or crocodile ? 
 how can you tell ? '' 
 by way of proving her value , she presented him with sheaves of drawings of possible chimaera configurations . 
 `` here 's a tiger with bull 's horns , see ? 
 and this one is a mandrill-cheetah . 
 could you make that ? 
 i bet i could make that . '' 
 she was eager , piping . 
 `` i could help . '' 
 wistful , entranced . 
 `` i could learn . '' 
 determined , incorrigible . 
 `` i could learn . '' 
 she did n't understand why he would n't teach her . 
 later , she would realize it was that he did n't want to share the burden with anyone-that it was beautiful , what he did , but terrible , too , and the terrible bountifully outweighed the beautiful . 
 but by the time she understood that , she did n't care . 
 she was in it . 
 `` here . 
 sort these , '' brimstone said to her one day , shoving a tray of teeth across his desk to her . 
 she had been with him a few years , as page , and he had been steadfast in keeping her in that role . 
 until now . 
 issa , yasri , and twiga all stopped what they were doing and swung their heads around to stare . 
 was it ... a test ? 
 brimstone ignored them , busy with something in his strongbox , and madrigal , almost afraid to breathe , slid the tray in front of her and quietly got to work . 
 they were bear teeth . 
 brimstone probably expected her to sort them by size , but madrigal had been watching him for years by then . 
 she held each tooth and ... listened to it . 
 she listened with her fingertips , and picked out the few that did n't feel right-decay , brimstone told her later-discarded them , and shifted the others into piles by feeling , not size . 
 when she slid the tray back to him , she had the tremendous satisfaction of seeing his eyes go wide and lift up to regard her in an entirely new way . 
 `` well done , '' he told her then , for the first time . 
 her heart gave a strange surging pang while , in the corner , issa dabbed at her eyes . 
 after that , and all the while pretending he was doing no such thing , he began to teach her . 
 she learned that magic was ugly-a hard bargain with the universe , a calculus of pain . 
 a long time ago , medicine men had flagellated themselves , flaying open their own flesh to access the power of their agony , or even maiming themselves , crushing bones and setting them wrong on purpose to create lifelong reservoirs of pain . 
 there had been a balance then , a natural check when it was one 's own harm that was harvested . 
 along the way , though , some sorcerers had worked ways to cheat the calculus and draw on the pain of others . 
 `` that 's what teeth are for ? 
 a way to cheat ? '' 
 it seemed a little unsporting . 
 `` poor animals , '' madrigal murmured . 
 issa gave her an unusually hard look . 
 `` perhaps you would prefer to torture slaves . '' 
 it was so awful , and so uncharacteristic , that madrigal could only stare at her . 
 it would be years before she learned what issa meant-it would be the eve of her own death when brimstone finally talked freely to her-and she would be ashamed that she had never figured it out for herself . 
 his scars . 
 that should have made it obvious-the network of scars , so ancient-seeming on his hide , fine crisscrossed whip splits all over his shoulders and back . 
 but how could she have guessed ? 
 even with all that she had seen-the sack of her mountain village , the dead and the lost , and the sieges she had fought in-she had no foundation for the horror that had been brimstone 's early life , and he did not enlighten her then . 
 he taught her teeth and how to draw power from them , how to manipulate the residue of life and pain in them to bring forth bodies as real as natural flesh . 
 it was a magic of his own devising , not something he 'd learned , but invented , and the same with the hamsas . 
 they were n't tattoos at all , but a part of the very conjuring , so that bodies came into existence already marked , infused with magic in a way no natural body could be . 
 revenants-as the resurrected were called-didn ' t have to tithe pain for power ; it was already done . 
 the hamsas were a magical weapon paid for with the pain of their last death . 
 it was the lot of soldiers to die again and again . 
 `` death , death , and death , '' as chiro put it . 
 there were just never enough of them . 
 new soldiers were always coming up-the children of loramendi and all of the free holdings , trained from the time they could grip a weapon-but the battle tolls were high . 
 even with resurrection , chimaera existed at the edge of annihilation . 
 `` the beasts must be destroyed , '' thundered joram after his every address to his war council ; the angels were like the long shadow of death , and all chimaera lived in its chill . 
 when the chimaera won a battle , the gleaning was easy . 
 the survivors went over land and city for all the corpses of the slain and drew out every soul to bring back to brimstone . 
 when they were defeated , though they risked death to save the souls of their fallen comrades , many were left behind and lost forever . 
 the incense in the thuribles lured the souls from their bodies . 
 in a thurible , properly sealed , souls could be preserved indefinitely . 
 in the open , prey to the elements , it was only a matter of days before they evanesced , teased apart like breath on wind , and ceased to exist . 
 evanescence was not , in itself , a grim fate . 
 it was the way of things , to be unmade ; it happened in natural death , every day . 
 and to a revenant who had lived in body after body , died death after death , evanescence could seem like a dream of peace . 
 but the chimaera could ill afford to let soldiers go . 
 `` would you want to live forever , '' brimstone had asked madrigal once , `` only to die again and again , in agony ? '' 
 and over the years , she saw what it did to him , to thrust that fate on so many good creatures who were never let to go to their rest , how it bowed his head and wearied him and left him staring and morose . 
 becoming a revenant was what chiro spoke of , hard-eyed , while madrigal tried to decide whether to marry thiago . 
 it was a fate she could choose now to escape . 
 thiago wanted her `` pure '' ; he would see that she stayed that way-already , he was manipulating his commanders to keep her battalion away from danger . 
 if she chose him , she would never bear the hamsas . 
 she would never go into battle again . 
 and maybe that would be for the best-for herself , and for her comrades , too . 
 she alone knew how unfit she was for it . 
 she hated to kill-even angels . 
 she had never told anyone what she 'd done at bullfinch two years earlier , sparing that seraph 's life . 
 and not just sparing it , but saving it ! 
 what madness had come over her ? 
 she had bound his wound . 
 she had caressed his face . 
 a wave of shame always rose in her at the memory-at least she chose to call it shame that quickened her pulse and flushed her face with delicate color . 
 how hot the angel 's skin had been , like fever , and his eyes , like fire . 
 she was haunted with wondering if he had lived . 
 she hoped he had not , and that any evidence of her treason had died right there , in the bullfinch mist . 
 or so she told herself . 
 it was only in moments of waking , with the lace edge of a dream still light in her grasp , that the truth came clear . 
 she dreamed the angel alive . 
 she hoped him alive . 
 she denied it , but it persisted , rising in flashes to startle her , always accompanied by a quickening of the blood , a flush , and strange , rushing frissons of sensation all the way to her fingertips . 
 she sometimes thought that brimstone knew . 
 once or twice when the memory had caught her unaware , that rush and shiver , he had looked up from his work as if something had captured his attention . 
 kishmish , perched on his horn , would look , too , and both of them would stare at her unblinking . 
 but whatever brimstone knew or did n't know , he never said a word about it , just as he did n't say a word about thiago , though he had to know that madrigal 's choice was heavy in her mind . 
 and that evening , at the ball , it would be decided , one way or the other . 
 something is going to happen . 
 but what ? 
 she told herself that when she stood before thiago , she would know what to do . 
 blush and curtsy , dance with him , play the shy maiden while smiling an unmistakable invitation ? 
 or stand aloof , ignore his advances , and remain a soldier ? 
 `` come on , '' said chiro , shaking her head as if madrigal were a lost cause . 
 `` nwella will have something you can wear , but you 'll have to take what she gives you , and no complaining . '' 
 `` all right , '' sighed madrigal . 
 `` to the baths , then . 
 to make ourselves shiningly clean . '' 
 like vegetables , she thought , before they go in the stew . 
 50 sugared `` no , '' said madrigal , looking in the mirror . 
 `` oh no . 
 no no . 
 no . '' 
 nwella did indeed have a gown for her . 
 it was midnight-blue shot silk , a form-skimming sheath so fine it felt like a touch could dissolve it . 
 it was arrayed with tiny crystals that caught the light and beamed it back like stars , and the whole back was open , revealing the long white channel of madrigal 's spine all the way to her tailbone . 
 it was alarming . 
 back and shoulders and arms and chest . 
 far too much chest . 
 `` no . '' 
 she started to shrug out of it , but chiro stopped her . 
 `` remember what i said : no complaining . '' 
 `` i take it back . 
 i reserve my right to complain . '' 
 `` too late . 
 it 's your fault , anyway . 
 you had a week to get a gown . 
 you see what happens when you dither ? 
 others make your choices for you . '' 
 madrigal thought that she was n't talking about the gown . 
 `` what ? 
 is this a punishment , then ? '' 
 at her other side , nwella chuffed . 
 she was a frail thing of lizard aspect who had been with madrigal and chiro at school , but parted from them when they went to battle training and she into royal service . 
 `` punishment ? 
 making you stunning , you mean ? 
 look at yourself . '' 
 madrigal did look , and what she saw was skin . 
 the most delicate interweaving of individual silk strands climbed around her neck , invisibly holding the gown to her body . 
 `` i look nak * d. '' `` you look astonishing , '' said nwella , who was seamstress to the warlord 's younger wives , the very youngest of whom were , to put it kindly , unyoung . 
 the warlord had seen fit to stop imposing himself on new brides some centuries earlier . 
 like brimstone , he was of natural flesh , and looked it . 
 thiago , his firstborn , was some hundreds of years old , though he wore the skin of a young man , and the hamsas to go with it . 
 as madrigal had said , the general 's fetish for purity was hypocrisy : he himself had been through many resurrections , and his hypocrisy was twofold-not only was he not `` pure , '' he had not been born high-human . 
 the warlord was hartkind , with a stag 's head : creature aspect , as were his wives , and so had been thiago , originally . 
 it was n't that it was unusual for a revenant to resurrect in a body unlike his or her natural one ; brimstone could n't always match them . 
 it was a matter of time and tooth supply . 
 but thiago 's bodies were another matter . 
 they were crafted to his precise specifications , and even before they were needed , so that he could examine them for flaws and give his approval . 
 she had seen it once : thiago checking over a nak * d replica of himself-the husk that would receive him the next time he died . 
 it had been macabre . 
 she tested her gown with little tugs , feeling certain that too heavy a hand in dancing could pull it clean off . 
 `` nwella , '' she implored , `` do n't you have something more ... substantial ? '' 
 `` not for you , '' nwella said . 
 `` a figure like that , why would you want to cover it ? '' 
 she whispered something to chiro . 
 `` stop conspiring , '' madrigal said . 
 `` ca n't i have a shawl at least ? '' 
 `` no , '' they said together . 
 `` i feel almost as nak * d as at the baths . '' 
 she had never in her life felt so exposed as when she 'd walked through the steam and thigh-deep water with chiro that afternoon . 
 everyone knew now that she was thiago 's choice , and every pair of eyes in the women 's bath had inspected her , so that she wanted to sink down out of sight , leaving just her horns spiking through the surface of the water . 
 `` let thiago see what he 's getting , '' nwella said , devilish . 
 madrigal stiffened . 
 `` who said he 's getting it ? '' 
 it , she heard herself say . 
 the word felt appropriate , as if she were some inanimate thing , a gown on a hanger . 
 `` me , '' she corrected . 
 `` who said he 's getting me ? '' 
 nwella laughed off the idea that madrigal might refuse him . 
 `` here . '' 
 she came forward with a mask . 
 `` we will permit you to cover your face . '' 
 it was a bird with its wings spread , carved of lightweight kaza wood , black and embellished with dark feathers that fanned out from the sides of her face . 
 in shifts of light , rainbows of iridescence rippled over the feathers . 
 `` ah . 
 good . 
 no one will know who i am now , '' madrigal remarked , wry . 
 her wings and horns eluded disguise . 
 the warlord 's ball was a masquerade , a `` come-as-you-aren ` t. '' chimaera of human aspect wore the faces of creatures , while those of beast aspect wore carven human likenesses , exaggerated to ridiculous proportion . 
 it was the one night of the year for folly and pretend , the one night that fell outside normal life , but for madrigal , this year , it was anything but . 
 it was , rather , a night to decide her life . 
 with a sigh , she gave in to her friends ' ministrations . 
 she sat on a stool and let them define her eyes with kohl , rouge her lips with rose-petal paste , and string lengths of ultrafine gold chain between her horns in tiers , suspended with tiny crystal drops that winked in the light . 
 chiro and nwella giggled as if they were preparing a bride for her wedding night , and it struck madrigal that it well could be , if not in ceremony , at least in one way . 
 if she accepted thiago , it was unlikely she would be returning to the barracks tonight . 
 she shivered , imagining his clawed hands on her flesh . 
 what would it be like ? 
 she had never made love-in that way , too , she was `` pure , '' as she imagined thiago must know . 
 she thought about it , of course she thought about it . 
 she was of age ; her body coursed with urges , just like anyone 's , and chimaera were n't puritanical about sex . 
 madrigal had just never come to a moment when it had felt right . 
 `` there . 
 you 're finished , '' said chiro . 
 she and nwella pulled madrigal to her feet and stood back from her to survey their work . 
 `` oh , '' breathed nwella . 
 there was a pause , and when chiro spoke again , her voice was flat . 
 she said , `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 it did n't sound like a compliment . 
 after kalamet , when chiro had awakened in the cathedral , madrigal was there beside her . 
 `` you 're all right , '' she assured her , as chiro 's eyes fluttered open . 
 it was chiro 's first resurrection , and revenants said it could be disorienting . 
 madrigal hoped that in matching the new body so closely to her sister 's original flesh , she could ease her transition . 
 `` you 're all right , '' she said again , clasping chiro 's hand with its hamsa , symbol of her new status . 
 she told her , `` brimstone let me make your body . 
 i used diamonds . '' 
 conspiratorial . 
 `` do n't tell anyone . '' 
 she helped chiro sit up . 
 the fur of her cat haunches was soft , and the flesh of her human arms was , too . 
 jerkily , chiro touched her new skin-hips , ribs , human br ** sts . 
 her hand climbed eagerly up her neck to her head , felt the fur there , and the jackal muzzle , and froze . 
 the sound she made was like choking , and at first madrigal thought it was only the problem of a newly made throat and a mouth that had never yet formed speech . 
 but it was n't . 
 chiro threw off madrigal 's hand . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 madrigal backed up a step . 
 `` it 's ... it 's perfect , '' she said , faltering . 
 `` it 's almost exactly like your real - '' `` and that 's all i merit ? 
 beast aspect ? 
 thank you , my sister . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` chiro - '' `` you could n't have made me high-human ? 
 what are a few teeth to you ? 
 to brimstone ? '' 
 the idea had never even entered madrigal 's mind . 
 `` but ... chiro . 
 this is you . '' 
 `` me . '' 
 her voice was changed ; it had a deeper tone than her original voice , and madrigal could n't tell how much of this was its newness , but whatever else it was , it was acid , and ugly . 
 `` would you want to be me ? '' 
 hurt and confused , madrigal said , `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` no , you would n't , '' said chiro . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 later , she had apologized . 
 it was the shock , she said . 
 the new body had felt tight , unyielding ; she could barely breathe . 
 once she grew accustomed to it , she praised its strength , its lithe movement . 
 she could fly faster than before ; her movements were whip-quick , her teeth and eyesight sharper . 
 she said she was like a violin that had been tuned-the same , but better . 
 `` thank you , my sister , '' she said , and seemed to mean it . 
 but madrigal remembered the spiteful way she had said , `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 she sounded like that now . 
 nwella was more exuberant . 
 `` so beautiful ! '' 
 she sang . 
 a frown creased her scaled brow , and she plucked at the charm that hung around madrigal 's neck . 
 `` this , of course , will have to go , '' she said , but madrigal pulled away . 
 `` no , '' she said , closing her hand around it . 
 `` just for tonight , mad , '' coaxed nwella . 
 `` it just is n't fit for the occasion . '' 
 `` leave it , '' said madrigal , and that was that . 
 the tone of her voice dissuaded nwella from pressing the issue . 
 `` okay , '' she said with a sigh , and madrigal spilled her wishbone from her cupped palm so that it settled back in its place , where her clavicles met . 
 it was n't beautiful or fine , just a bone , and she saw plainly that it did not do justice to her decolletage , but she did n't care . 
 it was what she wore . 
 nwella regarded it , pained , and then turned to rummage in her drawer of cosmetic tubes and ointments . 
 `` here , then . 
 at the very least . '' 
 she came up with a silver bowl and a big soft brush , and before madrigal knew what was happening nwella had dusted her chest , neck , and shoulders with something that glittered . 
 `` what - ? '' 
 `` sugar , '' she said , giggling . 
 `` nwella ! '' 
 madrigal tried to brush it off , but it was dust-fine and it clung : sugar powder , which girls wore when they planned to be tasted . 
 if her rose-petal lips and nak * d back were not enough invitation to thiago , madrigal thought , this certainly was . 
 its telltale shimmer might as well have been a sign that said lick me . 
 `` you do n't look like a soldier now , '' said nwella . 
 it was true . 
 she looked like a girl who had made her choice . 
 had she ? 
 everyone thought she had , which almost felt like the same thing . 
 but it was n't too late . 
 she could decide not to go to the ball at all-that would send quite the opposite message of showing up sugared . 
 she had only to decide what she wanted . 
 she held herself framed in the mirror for a long beat . 
 she felt dizzy , as if the future were rushing at her . 
 it was , though at that moment , she could have no notion that it was coming for her with invisible wings and eyes that no mask could disguise , and that her choices , such as they were , would soon be swept away like dust on a wingbeat , leaving in their place the unthinkable . 
 love . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said , and she linked arms with chiro and nwella , and went out to meet it . 
 51 the serpentine loramendi 's main thoroughfare , the serpentine , became a processional route on the warlord 's birthday . 
 the custom was to dance its length , moving from partner to masked partner all the way to the agora , the city 's gathering place . 
 the ball was there , under thousands of lanterns strung like stars from the bars of the cage , making it , for a night , a miniature world with its own firmament . 
 madrigal plunged into the crowd with her friends , as she had in years past , but this year , she realized at once , things were different . 
 she might have been masked , but she was not disguised-her appearance was far too distinctive-and she might have been sugared , but no one took the sparkle of her shoulders as an invitation . 
 they knew she was not for them . 
 in the wild merriment of the street , she was as apart as if she were drifting along in a crystal sphere . 
 again and again , chiro and nwella were swept into strangers ' embraces and kissed , mask to mask . 
 that was tradition : a spinning , stamping dance punctuated liberally with kisses , to celebrate unity among the races . 
 musicians were grouped at intervals so that merrymakers were passed from melody to melody as from hand to hand , with never a lull . 
 wild music spun them along , but no one swept madrigal up . 
 several times some soldier started toward her-one even grabbed her hand-but always there was a friend there to pull him back and whisper a warning . 
 madrigal could n't hear what was said , but she could imagine it . 
 she is thiago 's . 
 no one touched her . 
 she drifted through the revelry alone . 
 where was thiago , she wondered , her eyes darting from mask to mask . 
 she would get a glimpse of long white hair or wolf aspect and her heart would jump at the thought that it was him , but each time it was someone else . 
 the long white hair belonged to an old woman , and madrigal had to laugh at her own skittishness . 
 every citizen of loramendi was in the streets , but somehow space opened around her and she moved alone , following in her friends ' wake toward the agora . 
 thiago would be there , she guessed , probably standing with his father on the palace balcony , watching the crowd surge as the procession spilled wave after wave of chimaera into the square . 
 he would be watching for her . 
 unconsciously , she slowed her steps . 
 nwella and chiro went whirling on ahead in their masks , kissing . 
 for the most part they just touched the lips of their masks to the lips-beaks , muzzles , maws-of other masks , but there were real kisses , too , with no regard to aspect . 
 madrigal knew what it was like from previous festivals , the grasswine breath of strangers , the nuzzle of a tiger 's whiskered jaw , or a dragon 's , or a man 's . 
 but not tonight . 
 tonight , she was in isolation-eyes were on her but not hands , and certainly not lips . 
 the serpentine seemed a very long stretch to go alone . 
 then someone took her elbow . 
 the touch jarred her , coming as it did to end her apartness . 
 thinking it must be thiago , she stiffened . 
 but no . 
 the one at her side wore a horse mask of molded leather that covered his true head completely . 
 thiago would never wear a horse head , or any other mask to conceal his face . 
 he wore the same thing to the ball every year : a real wolf 's head atop his own , its lower jaw removed so that it made a sort of headdress , its eyes replaced with blue glass , dead and staring . 
 so who was this ? 
 someone foolish enough to touch her ? 
 well then . 
 he was tall , a head above even her own height , so that madrigal had to tilt her face up , laying her hand on his shoulder , to nudge his horse muzzle with the beak of her bird mask . 
 a `` kiss , '' to prove that she still belonged to herself . 
 and as if some spell had been broken , she was part of the crowd again , spinning in the graceless stamping of the revel , with the stranger for a partner . 
 he moved her along , guarding her from the shoving of larger creatures . 
 she could feel his strength ; he might easily have buoyed her without her feet even touching the ground . 
 he ought to have turned her loose after a twirl or two , but he did n't . 
 his hands-gloved-kept hold of her . 
 and since she did n't think anyone else would dance with her if he let her go , she did n't move away . 
 it felt good to be dancing , and she gave herself over to it , and even forgot her anxieties about her dress . 
 fragile as it seemed , it was holding up fine , and when she whirled it rose in waves around her gazelle hooves , weightless and lovely . 
 part of a seething , living tide , they streamed along . 
 madrigal lost track of her friends , but the horse-masked stranger did n't abandon her , and when the procession neared the end of the serpentine , it began to bottleneck . 
 the dancing slowed to a sway and she found herself standing with him , their breathing quick . 
 she looked up , flushed and smiling behind her bird mask , and said , `` thank you . '' 
 `` my lady , thank you . 
 the honor is mine . '' 
 his voice was rich , his accent strange . 
 madrigal could n't place it . 
 the eastern territories , perhaps . 
 she said , `` you 're braver than the rest , to dance with me . '' 
 `` brave ? '' 
 his mask was expressionless , of course , but his head quirked to one side , and from his tone , madrigal realized he did n't know what she meant . 
 was it possible he did n't know who she was-whose she was ? 
 he asked , `` are you so ferocious ? '' 
 and she laughed . 
 `` terrifying . 
 apparently . '' 
 again , that tilt of the head . 
 `` you do n't know who i am . '' 
 she was strangely disappointed . 
 she had thought he might be a bold soul , flouting the general fear of thiago , but it seemed he was only ignorant of the risk . 
 his head bent toward her , his mask muzzle brushing her ear . 
 in his nearness , there was an aura of warmth . 
 he said , `` i know who you are . 
 i came here for you . '' 
 `` did you ? '' 
 she felt slightly giddy , as if she had been drinking grasswine , though she had n't had so much as a sip . 
 `` tell me then , sir horse . 
 who am i ? '' 
 `` ah , well , that 's not entirely fair , lady bird . 
 you never told me your name . '' 
 `` you see ? 
 you do n't know . 
 but i have a secret . '' 
 she tapped her beak and whispered , smiling , `` this is a mask . 
 i am not really a bird . '' 
 he reared back in feigned surprise , though his hand did n't leave her arm . 
 `` not a bird ? 
 i am deceived . '' 
 `` so you see , whatever lady you 're looking for , she is all alone somewhere , waiting for you . '' 
 she was almost sorry to send him away , but the agora was n't far off now . 
 she did n't want him to catch thiago 's disfavor , not after he 'd rescued her from dancing the whole length of the serpentine alone . 
 `` go on , '' she urged . 
 `` go and find her . '' 
 `` i 've found who i 'm looking for , '' he said . 
 `` i may not know your name , but i know you . 
 and i have a secret , too . '' 
 `` do n't tell me . 
 you 're not really a horse ? '' 
 she was looking up at him ; his voice had struck her as familiar , but the familiarity was distant and vague , like something she 'd dreamt . 
 she tried to see through his mask but he was too tall ; at the angle of her sight , all she could make out through the eye apertures was shadow . 
 `` it 's true , '' he confessed . 
 `` i am not really a horse . '' 
 `` and what are you ? '' 
 she was really wondering now-who was he ? 
 someone she knew ? 
 masks made for mischief , and many a sly game was played on the warlord 's birthday , but she did n't think anyone would be playing games with her tonight . 
 his answer was swallowed by an upsurge of piping as they drew near the last musicians along the route . 
 trills like bird calls , a twanging lute , the throat-deep ululation of singers , and beneath it all , like a heartbeat under skin , the cadence of drums carrying the urgency to dance . 
 bodies were close on all sides , the stranger 's closest of all . 
 a swell in the crowd pressed him against madrigal and she felt the mass and breadth of his shoulders through his cloak . 
 and heat . 
 she was conscious of her bareness and sugar glitter , and , plainly , her own rushing heartbeat , her own rising heat . 
 she flushed and stepped away , or tried to , but was shoved back into him . 
 his scent was warm and full : spice and salt , the pungent leather of his mask , and something rich and deep that she could n't identify but that made her want to lean into him , close her eyes , and breathe . 
 he kept an arm around her , pushed back against the crush and kept her from being jostled , and there was nowhere to go but onward with the crowd as it funneled into the agora . 
 they were in the funnel , and there was no turning back . 
 the stranger was behind her , his voice low . 
 `` i came here to find you , '' he said . 
 `` i came to thank you . '' 
 `` thank me ? 
 for what ? '' 
 she could n't turn . 
 a centaur flank hemmed her in on one side , a naja coil on the other . 
 she thought she caught a glimpse of chiro in the whirl . 
 she could see the agora now-straight ahead , framed by the armory and the war college . 
 the lanterns overhead were like constellations , their flicker blotting out the real stars , and the moons , too . 
 it crossed madrigal 's mind to wonder if nitid-curious , peering nitid-could see in . 
 something is going to happen . 
 `` i came to thank you , '' said the stranger , close to her ear , `` for saving my life . '' 
 madrigal had saved lives . 
 she had crept in darkness over fields of the fallen , slipped through seraphim patrols to glean souls that would otherwise be lost to evanescence . 
 she had led a strike on an angel position that had her comrades trapped in a gully , and bought them time to retreat . 
 she had shot an angel 's arrow out of the sky as it made its deadly glide toward a comrade . 
 she had saved lives . 
 but all those memories passed through her consciousness in the space of a finger snap , leaving only one . 
 bullfinch . 
 mist . 
 enemy . 
 `` i took your recommendation , '' he said . 
 `` i lived . '' 
 instantly , it was as if her veins were conducting fire . 
 she whipped around . 
 his face was only inches from her own , his head tilted down so that now she could see into his mask . 
 his eyes blazed like flames . 
 she whispered , `` you . '' 
 52 madness the living tide sucked them into the agora , a backwash of elbows and wings , horns and hide , fur and flesh , and she was carried along , stricken dumb with disbelief , her hooves scarcely skimming the cobbles . 
 a seraph , inside loramendi . 
 not a seraph . 
 this seraph . 
 whom she had touched . 
 saved . 
 here , in the cage , his hands on her arms , hot even through the leather of his gloves , this angel who was alive because of her . 
 he was here . 
 it was such madness , it made a churning of her thoughts , more chaotic than the churning all around her . 
 she could n't think . 
 what could she say ? 
 what should she do ? 
 later it would strike her that not for an instant had she considered doing what anyone else in the entire city would have done without a thought : unmasking him and screaming , `` seraph ! '' 
 she drew a long , uneven breath and said , `` you 're mad to be here . 
 why did you come ? '' 
 `` i told you , i came to thank you . '' 
 she had a terrible thought . 
 `` assassination ? 
 you 'll never get close to the warlord . '' 
 earnestly , he said , `` no . 
 i would n't tarnish the gift you gave me with the blood of your folk . '' 
 the agora was a massive oval ; it was big enough for an army to mass , many phalanxes abreast , but tonight there were no troops at its center , only dancers moving in the intricate patterns of a lowland reel . 
 those spilling from the serpentine eddied out around the edges of the square where the density of bodies was greatest . 
 casks of grasswine stood amid tables laden with food , and folk gathered in clusters , children on their shoulders , everyone laughing and singing . 
 madrigal and the angel were still caught in the churning delta of the serpentine . 
 he was anchoring her , as steady as a breakwall . 
 in the blank , gasping aftermath of shock , madrigal did n't try to move away . 
 `` gift ? '' 
 she said , incredulous . 
 `` you hold that gift lightly , coming here , into certain death . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to die , '' he said . 
 `` not tonight . 
 a thousand things might have stopped me from being here right now , but instead , a thousand things brought me here . 
 everything lined up . 
 it has been easy , as if it were meant - '' `` meant ! '' 
 she said , amazed . 
 she spun to face him , which , in the crush , brought her against his chest as if they were still dancing . 
 she fought backward for space . 
 `` as if what were meant ? '' 
 `` you , '' he said . 
 `` and me . '' 
 his words sucked the breath from her lungs . 
 him and her ? 
 seraph and chimaera ? 
 it was preposterous . 
 all she could think to say was , again , `` you 're mad . '' 
 `` it 's your madness , too . 
 you saved my life . 
 why did you do it ? '' 
 madrigal had no answer . 
 for two years she had been haunted by it , by the feeling , when she had found him dying , that somehow he was hers to protect . 
 hers . 
 and now here he was , alive and , impossibly , here . 
 she was still grappling with disbelief , that it was him , his face-of which she remembered every plane and angle-hidden behind that mask . 
 `` and tonight , '' he said , `` a million souls in the city , i might not have found you at all . 
 i might have searched all night and never so much as glimpsed you , but instead , there you were , like you were set down in front of me , and you were alone , moving through the crowd and apart in it , like you were waiting for me ... '' he went on speaking , but madrigal stopped hearing . 
 at his mention of her apartness , the reason for it came thundering back to her , having been momentarily forgotten in her shock . 
 thiago . 
 she looked to the palace , up at the warlord 's balcony . 
 at this distance , the figures on it were only silhouettes , but they were silhouettes she knew : the warlord , the hulking shape of brimstone , and a gaggle of the ruler 's antlered wives . 
 thiago was not there . 
 which could only mean he was down here . 
 a thrill of fear shot through her from hooves to horns . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' she said , pirouetting to scan the crowd . 
 `` there was a reason no one was dancing with me . 
 i thought you were brave . 
 i did n't know you were mad - '' `` what reason ? '' 
 the angel asked , still near . 
 still too near . 
 `` trust me , '' she said , urgent . 
 `` it is n't safe for you . 
 if you want to live , leave me . '' 
 `` i 've come a long way to find you - '' `` i 'm spoken for , '' she blurted , hating the words even before they were out . 
 this brought him up short . 
 `` spoken for ? 
 betrothed ? '' 
 claimed , she thought , but she said , `` as good as . 
 now go . 
 if thiago sees you - '' `` thiago ? '' 
 the angel recoiled at the name . 
 `` you 're betrothed to the wolf ? '' 
 and at the moment he pronounced those words-the wolf-arms came around madrigal 's waist from behind and she gasped . 
 in an instant , she saw what would happen . 
 thiago would discover the angel , and he would n't just kill him , he would make a spectacle of it . 
 a seraph spy at the warlord 's ball-such a thing had never happened ! 
 he would be tortured . 
 he would be made to wish that he had never lived . 
 it all flashed through her , and horror rose like bile in her throat . 
 when she heard , close to her ear , a giggle , the relief almost left her limp . 
 it was n't thiago , but chiro . 
 `` there you are , '' said her sister . 
 `` we lost you in the crush ! '' 
 madrigal 's blood made a roaring in her ears , and chiro glanced from her to the stranger , whose heat suddenly felt to madrigal like a beacon . 
 `` hello , '' chiro said , peering with curiosity at the horse mask , through which madrigal could still make out the orange burn of his tiger 's eyes . 
 it hit her anew that he had come in such thin disguise into the den of the enemy for her , and she felt a queer constriction in her chest . 
 for two years she had reflected on bullfinch as a momentary madness , though it had n't felt like madness then , and it did n't now , to wish this seraph to live-and she did wish it . 
 she pulled herself together and turned to chiro . 
 nwella was right behind her . 
 `` some friends you are , '' she chided them . 
 `` to dress me like this and then abandon me to the serpentine . 
 i might have been mauled . '' 
 `` we thought you were behind us , '' said nwella , breathless from dancing . 
 `` i was , '' said madrigal . 
 `` far behind you . '' 
 she had turned her back on the angel without a second glance . 
 she began to casually herd her friends away from him , using the motion of the crowd to put space between them . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 chiro asked . 
 `` who ? '' 
 asked madrigal . 
 `` in the horse mask , dancing with you . '' 
 `` i was n't dancing with anyone . 
 or perhaps you did n't notice : no one would dance with me . 
 i am a pariah . '' 
 scoffing , `` a pariah ! 
 hardly . 
 more like a princess . '' 
 chiro threw a skeptical look back , and madrigal was wild to know what she saw . 
 was the angel looking after them , or had some sense of self-preservation kicked in and made him disappear ? 
 `` have you seen thiago yet ? '' 
 nwella asked . 
 `` or rather , has he seen you ? '' 
 `` no - '' madrigal started to say , but then chiro burst out with , `` there he is ! '' 
 and she went cold . 
 there he was . 
 he was unmistakable , with the hewn-off wolf head atop his own , his grotesque version of a mask . 
 its fangs curved over his brow , its muzzle drawn back in a snarl . 
 his snow-white hair was brushed and arranged over his shoulders , his vest ivory satin-so much white , white upon white , framing his strong , handsome face , which was bronzed by the sun , making his pale eyes seem ghostly . 
 he had n't seen her yet . 
 the crowd parted around him , not even the drunkest of the revelers failing to recognize him and make way . 
 the mob seemed to shrivel as he passed with his retinue , who were of true wolf aspect , and moved like a pack . 
 the meaning of this night caught up to madrigal : her choice , her future . 
 `` he 's magnificent , '' breathed nwella , clinging to madrigal on one side . 
 madrigal had to agree , but she placed the credit for it with brimstone , who had crafted that beautiful body , not with thiago , who wore it with the arrogance of entitlement . 
 `` he 's looking for you , '' said chiro , and madrigal knew she was right . 
 the general was unhurried , his pale eyes sweeping the crowd with the confidence of one who gets what he wants . 
 then his gaze came to rest on her . 
 she felt impaled by it . 
 spooked , she took a step back . 
 `` let 's go dance , '' she blurted , to the surprise of her friends . 
 `` but - '' chiro said . 
 `` listen . '' 
 a new reel was starting up . 
 `` it 's the furiant . 
 my favorite . '' 
 it was not her favorite , but it would do . 
 two lines of dancers were forming , men on one side , women on the other , and before chiro and nwella could say another word , madrigal had spun to flee toward the women 's file , feeling thiago 's gaze on the back of her neck like the touch of claws . 
 she wondered : what of other eyes ? 
 the furiant began with a light-footed promenade , chiro and nwella rushing to join in , and madrigal went through the steps with grace and a smile , not missing a beat , but she was barely there . 
 her thoughts had flown outward , darting and dipping with the hummingbird-moths that flocked by the thousands to the lanterns hanging overhead , as she wondered , with a wild , timpani heart , where her angel had gone . 
 53 love is an element in the patterns of the furiant , no one bypassed madrigal 's hand as they had in the serpentine-it would have been too obvious a slight-but there was a formal stiffness in her partners as she passed from one to the next , some barely skimming her fingertips with their own when they were meant to be clasping hands . 
 thiago had come up and stood watching . 
 everyone felt it , and the gaiety of the dance was tamped down . 
 it was his effect , but it was her fault , madrigal knew , for running from him and trying to hide here , as if it were possible to hide . 
 she was just buying time , and the furiant was good for that at least , as it went on a full quarter of an hour , with constant shifts in partner . 
 madrigal went from a courteous elder soldier with a rhinoceros horn to a centaur to a high-human in a dragon mask who scarcely touched her , and with each revolution she was brought past thiago , whose eyes never left her . 
 her next partner 's mask was tiger , and when he took her hand ... he actually took her hand . 
 he clasped it firmly in his own gloved hand . 
 a thrill went up madrigal 's arm from the warming touch , and she did n't have to look at his eyes to know who it was . 
 he was still here-and with thiago so near . 
 reckless , she thought , electrified by his nearness . 
 after a moment , steadying her breathing and her heart , she said , `` tiger suits you better than horse , i think . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , lady , '' he replied . 
 `` this is my true face . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` because it would be foolish to still be here , if i were who you thought . '' 
 `` it would . 
 one might suppose you had a death wish . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he was solemn . 
 `` never that . 
 a life wish , if anything . 
 for a different sort of life . '' 
 a different sort of life . 
 if only , madrigal thought , her own life and choices-or lack of them-hemming her in . 
 she kept her voice light . 
 `` you wish to be one of us ? 
 i 'm sorry , we do n't accept converts . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` even if you did , it would n't help . 
 we are all locked in the same life , are n't we ? 
 the same war . '' 
 in a lifetime of hating seraphim , madrigal had never thought of them as living the same life as she , but what the angel said was true . 
 they were all locked in the same war . 
 they had locked the entire world in it . 
 `` there is no other life , '' she said , and then she tensed , because they had come around to the place where thiago stood . 
 the pressure of the angel 's grip on her hand increased ever so slightly , gently , and it helped her bear up under the general 's gaze until she turned away from it again , and could breathe . 
 `` you need to go , '' she said quietly . 
 `` if you 're discovered ... '' the angel let a beat pass in silence before asking , just as quietly , `` you 're not really going to marry him , are you ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 he lifted her hand so that she could circle beneath the bridge of their arms ; it was a part of the pattern , but her height and horns interfered , and they had to release fingers and join them again after the spin . 
 `` what is there to know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 `` love ? '' 
 the question was a surprise , and a laugh escaped madrigal 's lips . 
 she quickly composed herself , not wanting to draw thiago 's scrutiny . 
 `` it 's a funny question ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 love thiago ? 
 could she ? 
 maybe . 
 how could you know a thing like that ? 
 `` what 's funny is that you 're the first one to ask me that . '' 
 `` forgive me , '' said the seraph . 
 `` i did n't realize that chimaera do n't marry for love . '' 
 madrigal thought of her parents . 
 her memory of them was hazed with a patina of years , their faces blurred to generalities-would she even know them , if she found them ? 
 - but she did remember their simple fondness for each other , and how they had seemed always to be touching . 
 `` we do . '' 
 she was n't laughing now . 
 `` my parents did . '' 
 `` so you are a child of love . 
 it seems right , that you were made by love . '' 
 she had never thought of herself in that way , but after he said it , it struck her as a fine thing , to have been made by love , and she ached for what she had lost , in losing her family . 
 `` and you ? 
 did your parents love each other ? '' 
 she heard herself ask it , and was overcome by the dizzying surreality of the circumstance . 
 she had just asked a seraph if his parents loved each other . 
 `` no , '' he said , and offered no explanation . 
 `` but i hope that my children 's parents will . '' 
 again he lifted her hand so that she could circle under the bridge made by their arms , and again her horns got in the way , so they were briefly parted . 
 turning , madrigal felt a sting in his words , and when they were facing each other once more , she said , in her defense , `` love is a luxury . '' 
 `` no . 
 love is an element . '' 
 an element . 
 like air to breathe , earth to stand on . 
 the steady certainty of his voice sent a shiver through her , but she did n't get a chance to respond . 
 they had concluded their pattern , and she still had gooseflesh from the effect of his extraordinary statement as he handed her on to her next partner , who was drunk and uttered not a syllable for the entirety of their contact . 
 she tried to keep track of the seraph . 
 he should have partnered nwella after herself , but by then he was gone , and she saw no tiger mask in the whole of the array . 
 he had melted away , and she felt his absence like a space cut from the air . 
 the furiant wound down to its final promenade , and when it ended in a brazen gypsy tinkling of tambourines , madrigal was delivered , as if it had been orchestrated that way , virtually into the white wolf 's arms . 
 54 meant `` my lord , '' madrigal 's throat went dry so her words were a rasp , near enough a throaty whisper to be mistaken for one . 
 nwella and chiro crowded behind her , and thiago smiled , lupine , the tips of fangs appearing between his full red lips . 
 his eyes were bold . 
 they did n't meet hers , but roved lower , with no effort at subtlety . 
 madrigal 's skin went hot as her heart grew cold , and she dropped into a curtsy from which she wished that she never had to rise and meet his eyes , but rise she must , and did . 
 `` you 're beautiful tonight , '' said thiago . 
 madrigal need n't have worried about meeting his eyes . 
 if she had been headless , he would not yet have noticed . 
 the way he was looking at her body in the midnight sheath made her want to cross her arms over her chest . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , fighting the impulse . 
 a return of compliment was called for , so she said simply , `` as are you . '' 
 he looked up then , amused . 
 `` i am beautiful ? '' 
 she inclined her head . 
 `` as a winter wolf , my lord , '' she said , which pleased him . 
 he seemed relaxed , almost lazy , his eyes heavy-lidded . 
 he was entirely sure of her , madrigal saw . 
 he was n't looking for a gesture ; there was not the smallest kernel of uncertainty in him . 
 thiago got what he wanted . 
 always . 
 and would he tonight ? 
 a new tune struck up , and he tilted his head to acknowledge it . 
 `` the emberlin , '' he said . 
 `` my lady ? '' 
 he held out his arm to her , and madrigal went still as prey . 
 if she took his arm , did that mean it was done , that she accepted him ? 
 but to refuse it would be the grossest of slights ; it would shame him , and one simply did not shame the white wolf . 
 it was an invitation to dance , and it felt like a trap , and madrigal stood paralyzed a beat too long . 
 in that beat she saw thiago 's gaze sharpen . 
 his easy lethargy fell away to be replaced by ... she was n't sure . 
 it did n't have time to take form . 
 disbelief , perhaps , which would have given way in its turn to ice-cold fury had not nwella , with a panicked squeak , placed her palm in the small of madrigal 's back and shoved . 
 thus propelled , madrigal took a step , and there was nothing for it . 
 she did n't take thiago 's arm so much as she collided with it . 
 he tucked hers beneath his own , proprietary , and escorted her into the dance . 
 and certainly , as everyone thought , into the future . 
 he grasped her by the waist , which was the proper form of the emberlin , in which the men lifted the ladies like offerings to the sky . 
 thiago 's hands almost completely encircled her slim midriff , his claws on her bare back . 
 she felt the point of each one on her skin . 
 there was some talk between them-madrigal must have asked after the warlord 's health , and thiago must have answered , but she could scarcely have related what was said . 
 she might have been a sugared shell , for all that she was present in her skin . 
 what had she done ? 
 what had she just done ? 
 she could n't even fool herself that it was the product of an instant and nwella 's tiny shove . 
 she had let herself be dressed like this ; she had come here ; she had known . 
 she might not have admitted to herself that she knew what she was doing , but of course she had . 
 she had let herself be carried along on the certainty of others . 
 there had been a piquant satisfaction in being chosen ... envied . 
 she was ashamed of it now , and of the way she had come here tonight , ready to play the trembling bride , and accept a man she did not love . 
 but ... she had not accepted him , and she thought now that she would n't have . 
 something had changed . 
 nothing had changed , she argued with herself . 
 love is an element , indeed . 
 the angel coming here , the risk of it ! 
 it stunned her , but it changed nothing . 
 and where was he now ? 
 each time thiago lifted her she glanced around , but she saw no horse or tiger mask . 
 she hoped he had gone , and was safe . 
 thiago , who up until now had seemed satisfied with what his hands could hold , must have sensed that he was not commanding her attention . 
 bringing her down from a lift , he intentionally let her slip so he had to catch her against him . 
 at the surprise , her wings spontaneously sprang open , like twin spinnakers filling with wind . 
 `` my apologies , my lady , '' thiago said , and he eased her down so her hooves found the ground again , but he did n't loosen his hold on her . 
 she felt the rigid surface of his muscled chest against her own chest . 
 the wrongness of it stirred a panic that she had to fight down to keep from wrenching herself from his arms . 
 it was hard to fold her wings again , when what she really wanted to do was take flight . 
 `` this gown , is it cut from shadow ? '' 
 the general asked . 
 `` i can barely feel it between my fingers . '' 
 not for want of trying , thought madrigal . 
 `` perhaps it is a reflection of the night sky , '' he suggested , `` skimmed from a pond ? '' 
 she supposed that he was being poetic . 
 erotic , even . 
 in return , as unerotically as possible-more like complaining of a stain that would n't come out-she said , `` yes , my lord . 
 i went for a dip , and the reflection clung . '' 
 `` well . 
 then it might slip away like water at any moment . 
 one wonders what , if anything , is beneath it . '' 
 and this is courtship , thought madrigal . 
 she blushed , and was glad of her mask , which covered all but her lips and chin . 
 choosing not to address the matter of her undergarments , she said , `` it is sturdier than it looks , i assure you . '' 
 she did not intend a challenge , but he took it as one . 
 he reached up to the delicate threads that , like gossamers of a spider 's web , secured the gown around her neck , and gave a short , sharp tug . 
 they gave way easily to his claws , and madrigal gasped . 
 the dress stayed in place , but a cluster of its fragile fastenings were severed . 
 `` or perhaps not so sturdy , '' said thiago . 
 `` do n't worry , my lady , i 'll help you hold it up . '' 
 his hand was over her heart , just above her breast , and madrigal trembled . 
 she was furious at herself for trembling . 
 she was madrigal of the kirin , not some blossom caught in a breeze . 
 `` that 's kind of you , my lord , '' she replied , shrugging off his hand as she stepped away . 
 `` but it is time to change partners . 
 i 'll have to manage my gown on my own . '' 
 she had never been so glad to be handed on to a new partner . 
 in this case it was a bull-moose of a man , graceless , who came near to treading on her hooves any number of times . 
 she barely noticed . 
 a different sort of life , she thought , and the words became a mantra to the melody of the emberlin . 
 a different sort of life , a different sort of life . 
 where was the angel now , she wondered . 
 yearning suffused her , full as flavor , like chocolate melting on her tongue . 
 before she knew it , the bull-moose was returning her to thiago , who claimed her with his clutching hands and pulled her into him . 
 `` i missed you , '' he said . 
 `` every other lady is coarse next to you . '' 
 he talked to her in that bedroom purr of his , but all she could think was how clumsy , how effortful his words seemed after the angel 's . 
 twice more thiago passed her to new partners , and twice she was returned to him in due course . 
 each time was more unbearable than the last , so that she felt like a runaway returned home against her will . 
 when , turned over to her next partner , she felt the firm pressure of leather gloves enfold her fingers , it was with a lightness like floating that she let herself be swept away . 
 misery lifted ; wrongness lifted . 
 the seraph 's hands came around her waist and her feet left the ground and she closed her eyes , giving herself over to feeling . 
 he set her back down , but did n't let her go . 
 `` hello , '' she whispered , happy . 
 happy . 
 `` hello , '' he returned , like a shared secret . 
 she smiled to see his new mask . 
 it was human and comical , with jug ears and a red drunkard 's nose . 
 `` yet another face , '' she said . 
 `` are you a magus , conjuring masks ? '' 
 `` no conjuring needed . 
 there are as many masks to choose from as there are revelers passed out drunk . '' 
 `` well , this one suits you least of all . '' 
 `` that 's what you think . 
 a lot can happen in two years . '' 
 she laughed , remembering his beauty , and was seized by a desire to see his face again . 
 `` will you tell me your name , my lady ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she did , and he repeated it - `` madrigal , madrigal , madrigal '' - like an incantation . 
 how odd , madrigal thought , that she should be overcome by such a feeling of ... fulfillment ... from the simple presence of a man whose name she did n't know and whose face she could n't see . 
 `` and yours ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` akiva . '' 
 `` akiva . '' 
 it pleased her to say it . 
 she may have been the one whose name meant music , but his sounded like it . 
 saying it made her want to sing it , to lean out a window and call him home . 
 to whisper it in the dark . 
 `` you 've done it , then , '' he said . 
 `` accepted him . '' 
 defiantly , she replied , `` no . 
 i have not . '' 
 `` no ? 
 he 's watching you like he owns you . '' 
 `` then you should certainly be elsewhere - '' `` your dress , '' he said , noticing it . 
 `` it 's torn . 
 did he - ? '' 
 madrigal felt heat , a ripple of anger flashing off him like a draft off a bonfire . 
 she saw that thiago was dancing with chiro , and was staring right between chiro 's sharp jackal ears at her . 
 she waited until the revolutions of the dance brought akiva 's broad back between them , shielding her face , before answering . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 i 'm not used to wearing such fragile fabric . 
 this was chosen for me . 
 i crave a shawl . '' 
 he was tense with anger but his hands remained gentle at her waist . 
 he said , `` i can make you a shawl . '' 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` you knit ? 
 well . 
 that 's an unusual accomplishment in a soldier . '' 
 `` i do n't knit , '' he said , and that 's when madrigal felt the first feather-soft touch on her shoulder . 
 she did n't mistake it for akiva 's touch , because his hands were at her waist . 
 she looked down and saw that a gray-green hummingbird-moth had settled on her , one of the many fluttering overhead , drawn to the expansiveness of lantern light that must seem like a universe to them . 
 the feathers of its tiny bird body gleamed , jewel-like , as its furred moth wings fanned against her skin . 
 it was followed shortly by another , this one pale pink , and another , also pink , with orange eyespots on its lacework wings . 
 more floated out of the air , and in a moment , a fine company of them covered madrigal 's chest and shoulders . 
 `` there you are , my lady , '' said akiva . 
 `` a living shawl . '' 
 she was amazed . 
 `` how - ? 
 you are a magus . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's a trick , only . '' 
 `` it 's magic . '' 
 `` not the most useful magic , herding moths . '' 
 `` not useful ? 
 you made me a shawl . '' 
 she was awed by it . 
 the magic she knew through brimstone had little whimsy in it . 
 this was beautiful , both in form-the wings were a dozen twilight colors , and as soft as lamb 's ears-and in purpose . 
 he had covered her . 
 thiago had torn her dress , and akiva had covered her . 
 `` they tickle . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` oh no . 
 oh . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` oh , make them go . '' 
 she laughed harder , feeling tiny tongues dart from tiny beaks . 
 `` they 're eating my sugar . '' 
 `` sugar ? '' 
 the tickling made her wriggle her shoulders . 
 `` make them go . 
 please . '' 
 he tried to . 
 a few lifted away and made a circle around her horns , but most stayed where they were . 
 `` i 'm afraid they 're in love , '' he said , concerned . 
 `` they do n't want to leave you . '' 
 he lifted one hand from her waist to gently brush a pair from her neck , where their wings fanned against her jaw . 
 melancholy , he said , `` i know just how they feel . '' 
 her heart , like a fist clenching . 
 the time had come for akiva to lift her again , and he did , though her shoulders were still cloaked in moths . 
 from above the heads of the crowd , she was grateful to see that thiago was turned away . 
 chiro , though , whom he was lifting , saw her and did a double take . 
 akiva brought madrigal back down , and just before her feet touched ground they looked at each other , mask to mask , brown eyes to orange , and a surge went between them . 
 madrigal did n't know if it was magic , but most of the hummingbird-moths took flight and swirled away as if carried by a wind . 
 she was down again , her feet moving , her heart racing . 
 she had lost track of the pattern , but she sensed that it was drawing to its conclusion and that , any second , she would come around again to thiago . 
 akiva would have to hand her back into the general 's keeping . 
 her heart and body were in revolt . 
 she could n't do it . 
 her limbs were light , ready to flee . 
 her heartbeat sped to a fast staccato , and the remnants of her living shawl burst from her as if spooked . 
 madrigal recognized the signs in herself , the readying , the outward calm and inner turmoil , the rushing that filled her mind before a charge in battle . 
 something is going to happen . 
 nitid , she thought , did you know all along ? 
 `` madrigal ? '' 
 asked akiva . 
 like the hummingbird-moths , he sensed the change in her , her quickened breath , the muscles gone taut where his warm hands encircled her waist . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i want ... '' she said , knowing what she wanted , feeling pulled toward it , arching toward it , but hardly knowing how to say it . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 akiva asked , gentle but urgent . 
 he wanted it , too . 
 he inclined his head so that his mask came briefly against her horn , sparking a flare of sensation through her . 
 the white wolf was only wingspans away . 
 he would see . 
 if she tried to flee , he would follow . 
 akiva would be caught . 
 madrigal wanted to scream . 
 and then , the fireworks . 
 later , she would recall what akiva had said about everything lining up , as if it were meant . 
 in all that was to happen , there would be that feeling of inevitability and rightness , and the sense that the universe was conspiring in it . 
 it would be easy . 
 starting with the fireworks . 
 light blossomed overhead , a great and brilliant dahlia , a pinwheel , a star in nova . 
 the sound was a cannonade . 
 drummers on the battlements . 
 black powder bursting in the air . 
 the emberlin broke apart as dancers shucked masks and threw back their heads to look up . 
 madrigal moved . 
 she took akiva 's hand and ducked into the moil of the crowd . 
 she kept low and moved fast . 
 a channel seemed to open for them in the surge of bodies , and they followed it , and it carried them away . 
 55 children of regret once upon a time , before chimaera and seraphim , there was the sun and the moons . 
 the sun was betrothed to nitid , the bright sister , but it was demure ellai , always hiding behind her bold sister , who stirred his lust . 
 he contrived to come upon her bathing in the sea , and he took her . 
 she struggled , but he was the sun , and he thought he should have what he wanted . 
 ellai stabbed him and escaped , and the blood of the sun flew like sparks to earth , where it became seraphim-misbegotten children of fire . 
 and like their father , they believed it their due to want , and take , and have . 
 as for ellai , she told her sister what had passed , and nitid wept , and her tears fell to earth and became chimaera , children of regret . 
 when the sun came again to the sisters , neither would have him . 
 nitid put ellai behind her and protected her , though the sun , still bleeding sparks , knew ellai was not as defenseless as she seemed . 
 he pled with nitid to forgive him but she refused , and to this day he follows the sisters across the sky , wanting and wanting and never having , and that will be his punishment , forever . 
 nitid is the goddess of tears and life , hunts and war , and her temples are too many to count . 
 it is she who fills wombs , slows the hearts of the dying , and leads her children against the seraphim . 
 her light is like a small sun ; she chases away shadows . 
 ellai is more subtle . 
 she is a trace , a phantom moon , and there are only a handful of nights each year when she alone takes the sky . 
 these are called ellai nights , and they are dark and star-scattered and good for furtive things . 
 ellai is the goddess of assassins and secret lovers . 
 temples to her are few , and hidden , like the one in the requiem grove in the hills above loramendi . 
 that was where madrigal took akiva when they fled the warlord 's ball . 
 they flew . 
 he kept his wings veiled , but it did n't prevent his flying . 
 by land , the requiem grove was unreachable . 
 there were chasms in the hills , and sometimes rope bridges were strung across them-on ellai nights , when devotees went cloaked to worship at the temple-but tonight there were none , and madrigal knew they would have the temple to themselves . 
 they had the night . 
 nitid was still high . 
 they had hours . 
 `` that is your legend ? '' 
 akiva asked , incredulous . 
 madrigal had told him the story of the sun and ellai while they flew . 
 `` that seraphim are the blood of a r ** ist sun ? '' 
 madrigal said blithely , `` if you do n't like it , take it up with the sun . '' 
 `` it 's a terrible story . 
 what a brutal imagination chimaera have . '' 
 `` well . 
 we have had brutal inspiration . '' 
 they reached the grove , and the dome of the temple was just visible through the treetops , silver mosaics glinting patterns through the boughs . 
 `` here , '' said madrigal , slowing with a backbeat to descend through a gap in the canopy . 
 her whole body thrilled with night wind and freedom , and with anticipation . 
 in the back of her mind was fear of what would come later-the repercussions of her rash departure . 
 but as she moved through the trees , it was drowned out by leaf rustle and wind music , and by the hish-hish all around . 
 hish-hish went the evangelines , serpent-birds who drank the night nectar of the requiem trees . 
 in the dark of the grove , their eyes shone silver like the mosaics of the temple roof . 
 madrigal reached the ground , and akiva landed beside her in a gust of warmth . 
 she faced him . 
 they were still wearing their masks . 
 they could have stripped them off while flying , but they had n't . 
 madrigal had been thinking of this moment , when they would stand face-to-face , and she had left her mask on because in her imagining , it was akiva who took hers off , as she did his . 
 he must have imagined the same thing . 
 he stepped toward her . 
 the real world , already a distant thing-just a crackle of fireworks at horizon 's edge-faded away entirely . 
 a high , sweet thrill sang through madrigal as if she were a lute string . 
 akiva took off his gloves and dropped them , and when he touched her , fingertips trailing up her arms and neck , it was with his bare hands . 
 he reached behind her head , untied her mask , and lifted it away . 
 her vision , which had been narrowed all night to what she could see through its small apertures , opened , and akiva filled her sight , still wearing his comical mask . 
 she heard his soft exhalation and murmur of `` so beautiful , '' and she reached up and took off his disguise . 
 `` hello , '' she whispered , as she had when they had come together in the emberlin and happiness had bloomed in her . 
 that happiness was like a spark to a firework , compared with what filled her now . 
 he was more perfect even than she remembered . 
 at bullfinch he had lain dying , ashen , slack , and still beautiful for all that . 
 now , in the full flush of health and the blood-thrum of love , he was golden . 
 he was ardent , gazing at her , hopeful and expectant , inspired , beguiled , glad . 
 he was so alive . 
 because of her , he was alive . 
 he whispered back , `` hello . '' 
 they stared , amazed to be facing each other after two years , as if they were figments conjured out of wishing . 
 only touching could make the moment real . 
 madrigal 's hands shook as she raised them , and steadied when she laid them against the solidity of akiva 's chest . 
 heat pulsed through the fabric of his shirt . 
 the air in the grove was rich enough to sip , full enough to dance with . 
 it was like a presence between them-and then not , as she stepped close . 
 his arms encircled her and she tilted up her face to whisper , once more , `` hello . '' 
 this time when he said it back , he breathed it against her lips . 
 their eyes were still open , still wide with wonder , and they only let them flutter shut when their lips finally met and another sense-touch-could take over in convincing them that this was real . 
 56 the invention of living once upon a time , there was only darkness , and there were monsters vast as worlds who swam in it . 
 they were the gibborim , and they loved the darkness because it concealed their hideousness . 
 whenever some other creature contrived to make light , they would extinguish it . 
 when stars were born , they swallowed them , and it seemed that darkness would be eternal . 
 but a race of bright warriors heard of the gibborim and traveled from their far world to do battle with them . 
 the war was long , light against dark , and many of the warriors were slain . 
 in the end , when they vanquished the monsters , there were a hundred left alive , and these hundred were the godstars , who brought light to the universe . 
 they made the rest of the stars , including our sun , and there was no more darkness , only endless light . 
 they made children in their image-seraphim-and sent them down to bear light to the worlds that spun in space , and all was good . 
 but one day , the last of the gibborim , who was called zamzumin , persuaded them that shadows were needed , that they would make the light seem brighter by contrast , and so the godstars brought shadows into being . 
 but zamzumin was a trickster . 
 he needed only a shred of darkness to work with . 
 he breathed life into the shadows , and as the godstars had made the seraphim in their own image , so did zamzumin make the chimaera in his , and so they were hideous , and forever after the seraphim would fight on the side of light , and chimaera for dark , and they would be enemies until the end of the world . 
 madrigal laughed sleepily . 
 `` zamzumin ? 
 that 's a name ? '' 
 `` do n't ask me . 
 he 's your forefather . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 ugly uncle zamzumin , who made me out of a shadow . '' 
 `` a hideous shadow , '' said akiva . 
 `` which explains your hideousness . '' 
 she laughed again , heavy and lazy with pleasure . 
 `` i always wondered where i got it . 
 now i know . 
 my horns are from my father 's side , and my hideousness is from my huge , evil monster uncle . '' 
 after a pause , akiva nuzzling her neck , she added , `` i like my story better . 
 i 'd rather be made from tears than darkness . '' 
 `` neither is very cheerful , '' said akiva . 
 `` i know . 
 we need a happier myth . 
 let 's make one up . '' 
 they lay entwined atop their clothes , which they had draped over a bank of shrive moss behind ellai 's temple , where a delicate rill burbled past . 
 both moons had slipped beyond the canopy of the trees , and the evangelines were falling silent as the requiem blooms closed their white buds for the night . 
 soon madrigal would have to leave , but they were both pushing the thought away , as if they could deny the dawn . 
 `` once upon a time ... '' said akiva , but his voice trailed off as his lips found madrigal 's throat . 
 `` mmm , sugar . 
 i thought i got it all . 
 now i 'll have to double-check everywhere . '' 
 madrigal squirmed , laughing helplessly . 
 `` no , no , it tickles ! '' 
 but akiva would retaste her neck , and it did n't really tickle so much as it tingled , and she stopped protesting soon enough . 
 it was some time before they got back around to their new myth . 
 `` once upon a time , '' madrigal murmured later , her face now resting on akiva 's chest so that the curve of her left horn followed the line of his face , and he could tilt his brow against it . 
 `` there was a world that was perfectly made and full of birds and striped creatures and lovely things like honey lilies and star tenzing and weasels - '' `` weasels ? '' 
 `` hush . 
 and this world already had light and shadow , so it did n't need any rogue stars to come and save it , and it had no use for bleeding suns or weeping moons , either , and most important , it had never known war , which is a terrible , wasteful thing that no world ever needs . 
 it had earth and water , air and fire , all four elements , but it was missing the last element . 
 love . '' 
 akiva 's eyes were closed . 
 he smiled as he listened , and stroked the soft down of madrigal 's fur-short hair , and traced the ridges of her horns . 
 `` and so this paradise was like a jewel box without a jewel . 
 there it lay , day after day of rose-colored dawns and creature sounds and strange perfumes , and waited for lovers to find it and fill it with their happiness . '' 
 pause . 
 `` the end . '' 
 `` the end ? '' 
 akiva opened his eyes . 
 `` what do you mean , the end ? '' 
 she said , smoothing her cheek against the golden skin of his chest , `` the story is unfinished . 
 the world is still waiting . '' 
 he said wistfully , `` do you know how to find it ? 
 let 's leave before the sun rises . '' 
 the sun . 
 the reminder stilled madrigal 's lips from their new course up the curve of akiva 's shoulder , the one scarred with the reminder of their first meeting , at bullfinch . 
 she thought how she might have left him bleeding , or worse , finished him , but some ineluctable thing had stopped her so that they might be here , now . 
 and the idea of disentangling , dressing , leaving , gave rise to a reluctance so powerful it hurt . 
 there was dread , too , of what her disappearance might have stirred up back at loramendi . 
 an image of thiago , angry , intruded into her happiness , and she pushed it away , but there was no pushing away the sunrise . 
 in a mournful voice , she said , `` i have to go . '' 
 akiva said , `` i know , '' and she lifted her face from his shoulder and saw that his wretchedness matched her own . 
 he did n't ask , `` what will we do ? '' 
 and she did n't , either . 
 later they would talk of such things ; on that first night , they were shy of the future and , for all that they had loved and discovered in the night , still shy of each other . 
 instead , madrigal reached up for the charm she wore around her neck . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 she asked him , untying the cord . 
 `` a bone ? '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 it 's a wishbone . 
 you hook your finger around the spur , like this , and we each make a wish and pull . 
 whoever gets the bigger piece gets their wish . '' 
 `` magic ? '' 
 akiva asked , sitting up . 
 `` what bird does this come from , that its bones make magic ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's not magic . 
 the wishes do n't really come true . '' 
 `` then why do it ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` hope ? 
 hope can be a powerful force . 
 maybe there 's no actual magic in it , but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you , you can make things happen , almost like magic . '' 
 `` and what do you hope for most ? '' 
 `` you 're not supposed to tell . 
 come , wish with me . '' 
 she held up the wishbone . 
 it was part whimsy and part impudence that had made her put the thing on a cord . 
 she had been fourteen , four years in brimstone 's service , but also now in battle training and feeling full of her own power . 
 she 'd come into the shop one afternoon while twiga was plucking newly minted lucknows from their molds , and she had wheedled for one . 
 brimstone had not yet educated her about the harsh reality of magic and the pain tithe , and she still regarded wishing as fun . 
 when he refused her-as he always did , not counting scuppies , which cost a mere pinch of pain to create-she 'd had a small , dramatic meltdown in the corner . 
 she could n't even remember now what wish had been of such dire importance to her fourteen-year-old self , but she well remembered issa extracting a bone from the remains of the evening meal-a grim-grouse in sauce-and comforting her with the human lore of the wishbone . 
 issa had a wealth of human stories , and it was from her that madrigal came by her fascination with that race and their world . 
 in defiance of brimstone , she took the bone and made an elaborate show of wishing on it . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 brimstone asked , when he heard what petty desire had inspired her tantrum . 
 `` you would have wasted a wish on that ? '' 
 she and issa were on the verge of breaking the bone between them , but they stopped . 
 `` you 're not a fool , madrigal , '' brimstone said . 
 `` if there 's something you want , pursue it . 
 hope has power . 
 do n't waste it on foolish things . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said , cupping the wishbone in her hand . 
 `` i 'll save it until my hope meets your high expectations . '' 
 she put it on a cord . 
 for a few weeks she made a point of voicing ridiculous wishes aloud and pretending to ponder them . 
 `` i wish i could taste with my feet like a butterfly . '' 
 `` i wish scorpion-mice could talk . 
 i bet they know the best gossip . '' 
 `` i wish my hair was blue . '' 
 but she never broke the bone . 
 what started as childish defiance turned into something else . 
 weeks became months , and the longer she went without breaking the wishbone , the more important it seemed that when she did , the wish-the hope , rather-should be worthy of her . 
 in the requiem grove with akiva , it finally was . 
 she formed her wish in her mind , looking him in the eyes , and pulled . 
 the bone broke clean down the middle , and the pieces , when measured against each other , were of exactly the same length . 
 `` oh . 
 i do n't know what that means . 
 maybe it means we both get our wishes . '' 
 `` maybe it means that we wished for the same thing . '' 
 madrigal liked to think that it did . 
 her wish that first time was simple , focused , and passionate : that she would see him again . 
 believing she would was the only way she could bring herself to leave . 
 they rose from their crushed clothes . 
 madrigal had to wriggle back into the midnight gown like a serpent back into a shed skin . 
 they went into the temple and drank water from the sacred spring that rose in a fount from the earth . 
 she splashed her face with it , too , paid silent homage to ellai to protect their secret , and vowed to bring candles when she came again . 
 because of course she would come again . 
 parting was almost like a stage drama , an exaggerated physical impossibility-to fly away and leave akiva there-the difficulty of which she would not , before this moment , have believed . 
 she kept turning and returning for one last kiss . 
 her lips , unaccustomed to such wear , felt mussed and obvious , carnal , and she imagined herself red with the evidence of how she had spent her night . 
 finally she flew , trailing her mask by one of its long ribbon ties like a companion bird winging at her side , and the dawn-touched land rolled beneath her all the way back to loramendi . 
 the city lay quiet in the aftermath of celebration , pungent and hazy with the residue of fireworks . 
 she went in by a secret passage to the underground cathedral . 
 its interlocking gates were keyed by brimstone 's magic to open to her voice , and there was no guard to see her come in . 
 it was easy . 
 that first day she was hesitant , cautious , not knowing what had passed in her absence , or what wrath might await her . 
 but the fates were weaving their unguessable threads , and a spy came that morning from the mirea coast with news of seraph galleons on the move , so that thiago was gone from loramendi almost as soon as madrigal returned to it . 
 chiro asked her where she 'd been and she gave a vague lie , and from then on her sister 's manner toward her changed . 
 madrigal would catch her watching her with a strange , flat affect , only to turn away and busy herself with something as if she had n't been watching her at all . 
 she saw her less , too , in part because madrigal was adrift in her new and secret world , and in part because brimstone had need of her help in that time , and so she was excused from her other duties , such as they were . 
 her battalion was not mobilized in response to the seraph troop movements , and she thought , ironically , that she had thiago to thank for it . 
 she knew that he 'd been keeping her from any potential danger that might relieve her of her `` purity '' before he had a chance to marry her . 
 he must not have had time to countermand the orders before his departure . 
 so madrigal spent her days in the shop and cathedral with brimstone , stringing teeth and conjuring bodies , and she spent her nights-as many as she could-with akiva . 
 she brought candles for ellai , and cones of frangible , the moon 's favorite spice , and she smuggled out food fit for lovers , which they ate with their fingers after love . 
 honey sweets and sin berries , and roasted birds for their ravenous appetites , and always they remembered to take the wishbone from its place in the bird 's breast . 
 she brought wine in slender bottles , and tiny cups carved from quartz to sip it from , which they rinsed in the sacred spring and stored in the temple altar for the next time . 
 over each wishbone , at each parting , they hoped for a next time . 
 madrigal often thought , as she sat quietly working in brimstone 's presence , that he knew what she was doing . 
 his gold-green gaze would rest on her , and she would feel pierced , exposed , and tell herself that she could n't go on as she was , that it was madness and she had to end it . 
 once she even rehearsed what she was going to say to akiva as she flew to the requiem grove , but as soon as she saw him it went out of her mind , and she slipped without struggle into the luxury of joy , in the place they had come to think of as the world from her story-the paradise waiting for lovers to fill it with happiness . 
 and they did fill it . 
 for a month of stolen nights and the occasional sun-drenched afternoon when madrigal could get away from loramendi by day , they cupped their wings around their happiness and called it a world , though they both knew it was not a world , only a hiding place , which is a very different thing . 
 after they had come together a handful of times and begun to learn each other in earnest , with the hunger of lovers to know everything-in talk and in touch , every memory and thought , every musk and murmur-when all shyness had left them , they admitted the future : that it existed , that they could n't pretend it did n't . 
 they both knew this was n't a life , especially for akiva , who saw no one but madrigal and spent his days sleeping like the evangelines and longing for night . 
 akiva confessed that he was the emperor 's bastard , one of a legion bred to kill , and he told her of the day the guards had come into the harem to take him from his mother . 
 how she had turned away and let them , as if he was n't her child at all , but only a tithe she had to pay . 
 how he hated his father for breeding children to the task of death , and in flashes she could see that he blamed himself , too , for being one of them . 
 madrigal smoothed the raised scars on his knuckles and imagined the chimaera represented by each line . 
 she wondered how many of their souls had been gleaned , and how many lost . 
 she did not tell akiva the secret of resurrection . 
 when he asked why she bore no eye tattoos on her palms , she invented a lie . 
 she could n't tell him about revenants . 
 it was too great a thing , too dire , the very fate of her race balanced upon it , and she could n't share it , not even to assuage his guilt for all the chimaera he had killed . 
 instead , she kissed his marks and told him , `` war is all we 've been taught , but there are other ways to live . 
 we can find them , akiva . 
 we can invent them . 
 this is the beginning , here . '' 
 she touched his chest and felt a rush of love for the heart that moved his blood , for his smooth skin and his scars and his unsoldierly tenderness . 
 she took his hand and pressed it to her breast and said , `` we are the beginning . '' 
 they began to believe that they could be . 
 akiva told her that , in the two years since bullfinch , he had not slain another chimaera . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 she asked , hardly believing it . 
 `` you showed me that one might choose not to kill . '' 
 madrigal looked down at her hands and confessed , `` but i have killed seraphim since that day , '' and akiva took her chin and tilted her face up to his . 
 `` but in saving me , you changed me , and here we are because of that moment . 
 before , could you have thought it possible ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do n't you think others could be changed , too ? '' 
 `` some , '' she said , thinking of her comrades , friends . 
 the white wolf . 
 `` not all . '' 
 `` some , and then more . '' 
 some , and then more . 
 madrigal nodded , and together they imagined a different life , not just for themselves , but for all the races of eretz . 
 and in that month that they hid and loved , dreamed and planned , they believed that this , too , was meant : that they were the blossoms set forth by some great and mysterious intention . 
 whether it was nitid or the godstars or something else altogether , they did n't know , only that a powerful will was alive in them , to bring peace to their world . 
 when they broke their wishbones now , that was what they hoped for . 
 they knew they could n't hide in the requiem grove and daydream forever . 
 there was work to be done ; they were just beginning to make it real , with such passion in their hope that they might have wrought miracles-begun something-had they not been betrayed . 
 57 revenant `` akiva , '' breathed karou with the fullness of her self . 
 mere seconds had passed since they had broken the wishbone , but in that space of time , years had come home to her . 
 seventeen years ago , madrigal had ended . 
 all that had happened since was another life , but it was hers , too . 
 she was karou , and she was madrigal . 
 she was human and chimaera . 
 she was revenant . 
 within her , something was at work : a swift concrescence of memories , two consciousnesses that were really one , coming together like interlacing fingers . 
 she saw her hamsas and knew what brimstone had done . 
 in defiance of thiago 's sentence of evanescence , he had somehow gleaned her soul . 
 and because she could not have a life in her own world , he had given her one here , in secret . 
 how had he extracted her memory from her soul ? 
 the life she had lived as madrigal-he had taken it all and put it in the wishbone , and saved it for her . 
 it came to her what izil had said the last time she saw him , when he offered her baby teeth and she rejected them . 
 `` once , '' he 'd said , and she had n't believed him . 
 `` once he wanted some . '' 
 she believed it now . 
 revenants were made for battle ; their bodies were always conjured fully grown , from mature teeth . 
 but brimstone had made her a baby , a human , named her hope and given her a whole life , far away from war and death . 
 sweet , deep , fond love filled her . 
 he had given her a childhood , a world . 
 wishes . 
 art . 
 and issa and yasri and twiga , they had known and helped ; hidden her . 
 loved her . 
 she would see them soon , and she would n't stand back from brimstone as she always did , cowed by his gruffness and his monstrous physical presence . 
 she would throw her arms around him and say , finally , thank you . 
 she looked up from her palms-from one wonder to another-and akiva was before her . 
 he still stood at the foot of the bed on which , just a moment earlier , they had fallen back together , all of him against all of her , and karou understood that the aching allness rose from what she had shared with him in another body , another life . 
 she had fallen in love with him twice . 
 she loved him now with both loves , so overpowering it was almost unbearable . 
 she beheld him through a prism of tears . 
 `` you escaped , '' she said . 
 `` you lived . '' 
 she uncoiled from the bed , flashed toward him , threw herself against the remembered solidity of him , the heat . 
 a hesitation , then his arms came around her , tight . 
 he did n't speak , but held her against him and rocked back and forth . 
 she felt him shake , weeping , his lips pressed to the crown of her head . 
 `` you escaped , '' she repeated , sobbing , but laughing now , too . 
 `` you 're alive . '' 
 `` i 'm alive , '' he whispered , choked . 
 `` you 're alive . 
 i never knew . 
 all these years , i never thought - '' `` we 're alive , '' karou said , dazed . 
 the wonder of it swelled within her , and she felt like their myth had come to life . 
 they had a world ; they were in it . 
 this place that brimstone had given her , it was half her home , and the other half lay waiting through a portal in the sky . 
 they could have both , could n't they ? 
 `` i saw you die , '' akiva said , helpless . 
 `` karou ... madrigal ... my love . '' 
 his eyes , his expression . 
 he looked as he had seventeen years ago , on his knees , forced to watch . 
 he said again , `` i saw you die . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she kissed him tenderly , remembering the scouring horror of his scream . 
 `` i remember it all . '' 
 as did he . 
 the hooded executioner : a monster . 
 the wolf and the warlord , looking on from their balcony , and the crowd , their stamping riot , their roars and bloodlust : monsters all , making a mockery of the dream of peace akiva had nurtured since bullfinch . 
 because one among them had touched his soul , he had believed them all worthy of that dream . 
 and there she stood in shackles-the one ; his one-her wings in their pinion crimped cruelly out of shape , and the sham dream was gone . 
 this was what they did to their own . 
 his beautiful madrigal , graceful even now . 
 he watched in helpless horror as she sank to her knees . 
 laid her head on the block . 
 impossible , screamed akiva 's heart . 
 this could n't happen . 
 the will , the mystery that had been on their side ... where was it now ? 
 madrigal 's neck , stretched vulnerable , her smooth cheek to the hot black rock , and the blade , raised high and poised to fall . 
 his scream was a thing . 
 it clawed its way out of him , gutting him from the inside . 
 it ripped and tore ; there was pain , pain to summon , and he tried to work it into magic , but he was too weak . 
 the wolf had seen to that : even now akiva was flanked by revenant guards , their hamsas aimed at him and flooding him with their debilitating sickness . 
 still he tried , and ripples went through the crowd as the very ground beneath their feet shifted . 
 the scaffold rocked , the executioner had to take a step to steady himself , but it was n't enough . 
 the effort burst the blood vessels in his eyes . 
 still he screamed . 
 tried . 
 the blade glinted its descent , and akiva fell forward on his hands . 
 he was shredded , empty . 
 love , peace , wonder : gone . 
 hope , humanity : gone . 
 all that remained was vengeance . 
 the blade was a great and shining thing , like a falling moon . 
 it bit , and madrigal was unsheathed . 
 she was aware of the falling away of flesh . 
 she still was . 
 she was , but she was not corporeal . 
 she did n't want to see her head 's disgraceful tumble , but could n't help it . 
 her horns hit the platform first with a clatter , and then there was the ungodly thud of meat before it came to rest , the horns preventing it from rolling . 
 from this strange new vantage point above her body , she saw it all . 
 she could n't not . 
 the eyes had been the body 's apparatus , with their selective focus and lids for closing . 
 she had no such ability now . 
 she saw everything , with no fleshly boundary to divide herself from the air all around her . 
 it was a muted kind of seeing , all directions at once as if her entire being were an eye , but a hazy one . 
 the agora , the hateful crowd . 
 and on the platform facing her own , his scream still warping the air around her : akiva on his knees , pitched forward and wracked with sobs . 
 below her she saw her own body , headless . 
 it swayed to one side and collapsed . 
 it was finished . 
 madrigal felt tethered to it . 
 she had expected that ; she knew souls stayed with their bodies for several days before beginning to ebb . 
 revenants who had been snatched back from the verge of evanescence had said it felt like a tide carrying them out . 
 thiago had ordered her body left on the platform to rot , under guard , so that no one might attempt to glean her soul . 
 she was sorry for the treatment of her body . 
 for all that brimstone might call bodies `` envelopes , '' she loved the skin that had carried her through her life , and she wished it could have a more respectful end , but it could n't be helped , and anyway , she did n't intend to be here to see it break down . 
 she had other plans . 
 she was n't certain that it could be done , this idea she clung to . 
 she had nothing but a hint to go on , but she wrapped all her will around it , and all her longing and passion . 
 everything that she and akiva had dreamed about , now thwarted , she directed into this one last act : she was going to set him free . 
 to which end , she would need a body . 
 she had one picked out . 
 it was a good one ; she 'd made it herself . 
 she had even used diamonds . 
 58 victory and vengeance `` what 's going on with you , mad ? '' 
 a week earlier , madrigal had been with chiro in the barracks . 
 it was dawn , and she had crept into her bunk a mere half hour earlier from a night with akiva . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` do you ever sleep anymore ? 
 where were you last night ? '' 
 `` working , '' she said . 
 `` all night ? '' 
 `` yes , all night . 
 though i may have fallen asleep in the shop for a couple of hours . '' 
 she yawned . 
 she felt safe in her lies because no one outside brimstone 's inner circle knew what went on in the west tower , or even knew about the secret passageway through which she came and went . 
 and it was true that she had slept for a little while-just not in the shop . 
 she 'd dozed curled against akiva 's chest and woken to him watching her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she 'd asked , bashful . 
 `` good dreams ? 
 you were smiling in your sleep . '' 
 `` of course i was . 
 i 'm happy . '' 
 happy . 
 she thought that was what chiro really meant when she asked , `` what 's going on with you ? '' 
 madrigal felt remade . 
 she had never guessed how deep happiness could go . 
 in spite of the tragedy in her childhood and the ever-present press of war , she had mostly considered herself happy . 
 there was almost always something to take delight in , if you were trying . 
 but this was different . 
 it could n't be contained . 
 she sometimes imagined it streaming out of her like light . 
 happiness . 
 it was the place where passion , with all its dazzle and drumbeat , met something softer : homecoming and safety and pure sunbeam comfort . 
 it was all those things , intertwined with the heat and the thrill , and it was as bright within her as a swallowed star . 
 her foster sister was scrutinizing her in silence when a trumpet blast in the city caused her to turn to the window . 
 madrigal went to her side and looked out . 
 their barracks were behind the armory , and they could just see the facade of the palace on the far side of the agora , where the warlord 's gonfalon hung , a vast silk banner that indicated he was in residence . 
 it bore his heraldry-antlers sprouting leaves to signify new growth-and beside it , as madrigal and chiro watched , another gonfalon unfurled . 
 this one was blazoned with a white wolf , and though it was too distant to read , they both knew its motto well . 
 victory and vengeance . 
 thiago had returned to loramendi . 
 chiro 's hands fluttered so that she had to steady them against the window ledge . 
 madrigal saw her sister 's excitement , even as she fought her own rising bile . 
 she had chosen to take thiago 's departure and absence as a sign-of fate conspiring in her happiness . 
 but if his absence had been a sign , what did his return signify ? 
 the sight of his banner was like a splash of icy water . 
 it could n't douse her happiness , but it made her want to curl around it and protect it . 
 she shivered . 
 chiro noticed . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 are you afraid of him ? '' 
 `` not afraid , '' madrigal said . 
 `` only anxious that i gave offense , disappearing like i did . '' 
 her story had been that she 'd drunk too much grasswine and , overcome by nerves , had hidden in the cathedral , where she 'd fallen asleep . 
 she studied her sister 's expression and asked , `` was he ... very angry ? '' 
 `` no one likes to be rejected , mad . '' 
 she took that as a yes . 
 `` do you think it 's over now , though ? 
 that he 's through with me ? '' 
 `` one way you could make sure , '' said chiro . 
 she was glib , jesting-surely-but her eyes were bright . 
 `` you could die , '' she said . 
 `` resurrect ugly . 
 he 'd leave you alone then . '' 
 madrigal should have known then-to take care , at least . 
 but she had n't the soul for suspicion . 
 her trust was her undoing . 
 59 the world remade `` i ca n't save you . '' 
 brimstone . 
 madrigal looked up . 
 she was on the floor in the corner of her barren prison cell , and did n't expect saving . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he approached the bars , and she held herself still , chin raised , face blank . 
 would he spit at her , as others had ? 
 he did n't have to . 
 the simple fact of brimstone 's disappointment was worse than anything others could hurl at her . 
 `` have they hurt you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` only by hurting him . '' 
 which was worse a torture than she could have believed . 
 wherever they were keeping akiva , it was just near enough that she could hear his screams when they crested into full agony . 
 they rose , wavering audible at irregular intervals , so she never knew when the next one was coming , and had lived the past days in a state of sick expectancy . 
 brimstone studied her . 
 `` you love him . '' 
 she could only nod . 
 she 'd held up so well until now , high dignity and a hard veneer , not letting them see how inside she was dissolving , as if her evanescence had already begun . 
 but under brimstone 's scrutiny , her lower lip began to tremble . 
 she crushed her knuckles against it to still it . 
 he was silent , and once she thought she could trust her voice , she said , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` for what , child ? '' 
 was he mocking her ? 
 his ovine face had always been impossible to read . 
 kishmish was on his horn , and the creature 's posture mimicked his master 's , the tilt of his head , the hunch of his shoulders . 
 brimstone asked , `` are you sorry for falling in love ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not for that . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 she did n't know what he wanted her to say . 
 in the past , he had told her that all he ever wanted was the truth , as plain as she could make it . 
 so what was the truth ? 
 what was she sorry for ? 
 `` for getting caught , '' she said . 
 `` and ... for making you ashamed . '' 
 `` should i be ashamed ? '' 
 she blinked at him . 
 she would never have believed that brimstone would taunt her . 
 she had thought he just would n't come , that her last sight of him would be on the palace balcony as he awaited her execution along with everyone else . 
 he said , `` tell me what it is you have done . '' 
 `` you know what i 've done . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 it was to be taunting , then . 
 madrigal bowed to it . 
 she gave him a recitation . 
 `` high treason . 
 consorting with the enemy . 
 endangering the perpetuity of the chimaera race and everything we 've fought for for a thousand years - '' he cut her off . 
 `` i know your sentence . 
 tell me in your own words . '' 
 she swallowed , trying to divine what he wanted . 
 haltingly , she said , `` i. . . 
 i fell in love . 
 i - '' she shot him an abashed glance before revealing what she had so far told no one . 
 `` it started at the battle of bullfinch . 
 the fighting was over . 
 it was after , during the gleaning . 
 i found him dying and i saved him . 
 i did n't know why ; it felt like the only thing . 
 later ... later i thought it was because we were meant for something . '' 
 her voice dropped and her cheeks flamed as she whispered , `` to bring peace . '' 
 `` peace , '' brimstone echoed . 
 how childish it seemed , considering where she was now , to have believed there was some divine intention in their love . 
 and yet , how beautiful it had been . 
 what she had shared with akiva could not be touched by shame . 
 madrigal lifted her voice to say , `` we dreamed together of the world remade . '' 
 there followed a long silence , brimstone just looking at her , and if she had n't made a game of trying to outstare him as a child she would have been ill-equipped to endure it . 
 even so , she was burning to blink by the time he finally spoke . 
 `` and for that , '' he said , `` i should be ashamed of you ? '' 
 all the cogs of misery within madrigal froze . 
 it felt as if her blood stopped moving . 
 she did n't hope ... she did n't dare . 
 what did he mean ? 
 would he say more ? 
 no . 
 he breathed a heavy sigh , and said again , `` i ca n't save you . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i know . '' 
 `` yasri sent you these . '' 
 he thrust a cloth bundle through the bars , and madrigal took it . 
 it was warm , fragrant . 
 she unwrapped it and saw the horn-shaped pastries yasri had been stuffing her with for years in a vain effort to fatten her up . 
 tears sprang to her eyes . 
 she laid them gently aside . 
 `` i ca n't eat , '' she said . 
 `` but ... tell her i did ? '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` and ... issa and twiga . '' 
 an ache swelled in her throat . 
 `` tell them ... '' she had to press her knuckles to her lips again . 
 she was barely holding it together . 
 why was it so much more difficult in brimstone 's presence ? 
 before he came in , anger had kept her hard . 
 though she had yet to give him a message to relay , he said , `` they know , child . 
 they already know . 
 and they are n't ashamed of you , either . '' 
 either . 
 it was as close as he would come , and it was good enough . 
 madrigal burst into tears . 
 she leaned into the bars , head down , and wept , and she felt his hand settle on her neck , and wept harder . 
 he stayed with her , and she knew that no one but brimstone-save the warlord himself-could have overridden thiago 's direct order that she have no visitors . 
 he had power , but even he could n't overrule her sentence . 
 her crime was just too grave , her guilt too plain . 
 after she had cried , she felt at once hollow and ... better , as if the salt of all her unshed tears had been poisoning her , and now she was cleansed . 
 she leaned against the bars ; brimstone was hunkered down on the other side . 
 kishmish started chirping regular little snips that madrigal knew were a combination boss/beg , so she broke off bits of yasri 's pastry and fed them to him . 
 `` prison picnic , '' she said , with a weak effort at a smile , which then bit off abruptly . 
 they both heard it at the same time-a scream of such pure wretchedness that madrigal had to fold over herself , press her face to her knees and her hands to her ears , pitching herself in darkness , silence , denial . 
 it did n't work . 
 this fresh scream was already in her skull , and even after it stopped , its echo stayed inside her . 
 `` who will be first ? '' 
 she asked brimstone . 
 he knew what she meant . 
 `` you . 
 with the seraph watching . '' 
 in a moment of strange detachment , she said , `` i thought he would decide the opposite , and make me watch . '' 
 `` i believe , '' said brimstone with some hesitation , `` that he is n't ... finished with him yet . '' 
 a small sound escaped madrigal 's throat . 
 how long ? 
 how long would thiago make him suffer ? 
 she asked brimstone , `` do you remember the wishbone , when i was younger ? '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` i finally made a wish on it . 
 or ... a hope , i suppose , as there was no real magic in it . '' 
 `` hope is the real magic , child . '' 
 images flashed through her mind . 
 akiva smiling his smile of light . 
 akiva beaten to the ground , his blood running into the sacred spring . 
 the temple in flames as the soldiers dragged them away , the requiem trees starting to catch fire , too , and all the evangelines that lived in them . 
 she reached into her pocket and produced the wishbone she had brought to the grove that last time . 
 it was intact . 
 they had never gotten the chance to break it . 
 she thrust it at brimstone . 
 `` here . 
 take it , trample it , throw it away . 
 there is no hope . '' 
 `` if i believed that , '' brimstone said , `` i would n't be here now . '' 
 what did that mean ? 
 `` what do i do , child , day after day , but fight against a tide ? 
 wave after wave upon the shore , each wave licking farther up the sand . 
 we wo n't win , madrigal . 
 we ca n't beat the seraphim . '' 
 `` what ? 
 but - '' `` we ca n't win this war . 
 i 've always known it . 
 they are too strong . 
 the only reason we 've held them off this long is because we burned the library . '' 
 `` the library ? '' 
 `` of astrae . 
 it was the archive of the seraph magi . 
 the fools kept all their texts in one place . 
 they were so jealous of their power , they did n't allow copies . 
 they did n't want any upstarts to challenge them , so they hoarded their knowledge , and they took only apprentices they could control , and kept them close . 
 that was their first mistake , keeping all their power in one place . '' 
 madrigal listened , rapt . 
 brimstone , telling her things . 
 history . 
 secrets . 
 almost afraid to break the spell , she asked , `` what was their next mistake ? '' 
 `` forgetting to fear us . '' 
 he was silent a moment . 
 kishmish hopped back and forth from one of his horns to the other . 
 `` they needed to believe we were animals , to justify the way they used us . '' 
 `` slaves , '' she whispered , hearing issa 's voice in her head . 
 `` we were pain thralls . 
 we were the source of their power . '' 
 `` torture . '' 
 `` they told themselves we were dumb beasts , as if that made it all right . 
 they had five thousand beasts in their pits who were n't dumb at all , but they believed their own fiction . 
 they did n't fear us , and that made it easy . '' 
 `` made what easy ? '' 
 `` destroying them . 
 half the guards did n't even understand our language , were happy to believe it was just grunts and roars we screamed in our agony . 
 they were fools , and we killed them , and we burned everything . 
 without magic the seraphim lost their supremacy , and all these years , they have not recovered it . 
 but they will , even without the library . 
 your seraph is proof that they are rediscovering what they lost . '' 
 `` but ... no . 
 akiva 's magic , it is n't like that - '' she thought of the living shawl he 'd made her . 
 `` he would never use it as a weapon . 
 he only wanted peace . '' 
 `` magic is n't a tool of peace . 
 the price is too high . 
 the only way i can keep using it , cycling souls through death after death , is by believing that we are keeping alive until ... until the world can be remade . '' 
 her words . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 it sounded like gravel churning . 
 was it possible , was he telling her that he ... ? 
 he said , `` i dream it , too , child . '' 
 madrigal stared . 
 `` magic wo n't save us . 
 the power it would take to conjure on such a scale , the tithe would destroy us . 
 the only hope ... is hope . '' 
 he still held the wishbone . 
 `` you do n't need tokens for it-it 's in your heart or nowhere . 
 and in your heart , child , it has been stronger than i have ever seen . '' 
 he slipped the bone into his breast pocket , then rose from his lion-haunched crouch and turned . 
 madrigal 's heart cried out at the thought that he was leaving her alone . 
 but he only paced to the small window on the far wall and looked out . 
 `` it was chiro , you know , '' he said , an abrupt change of subject . 
 madrigal knew . 
 chiro , who had the wings to follow her , and who hid in the grove , and saw . 
 chiro , who , like thiago 's lapdog , betrayed her for a pat on the head . 
 `` thiago promised her human aspect , '' brimstone said . 
 `` as if it were a promise he could keep . '' 
 stupid chiro , thought madrigal . 
 if that was her hope , she had chosen her alliance poorly . 
 `` you wo n't honor his promise ? '' 
 with a dark look , brimstone replied , `` she should make best efforts to never need another body . 
 i have a string of moray eel teeth i never thought i would be tempted to use . '' 
 moray eel ? 
 madrigal could n't tell if he was serious . 
 probably . 
 she felt almost sorry for her sister . 
 almost . 
 `` to think i wasted diamonds on her . '' 
 `` you were true to her , even if she was not to you . 
 never repent of your own goodness , child . 
 to stay true in the face of evil is a feat of strength . '' 
 `` strength , '' she said with a little laugh . 
 `` i gave her strength , and look what she did with it . '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` chiro is not strong . 
 her body may have been wrought with diamonds , but her soul within will be a soft mollusk thing , wet and shrinking . '' 
 it was an unlovely image , but it felt just about right . 
 brimstone added , `` and easily pushed aside . '' 
 madrigal cocked her head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 out in the corridor : sounds . 
 was someone coming ? 
 was it time ? 
 brimstone spun toward her . 
 `` the revenant smoke , '' he said , quick and clipped . 
 `` you know what is in it . '' 
 she blinked . 
 why was he talking about the smoke ? 
 there would be none of it for her . 
 but he was looking at her so intently . 
 she nodded . 
 of course she knew . 
 the incense was arum and feverfew , rosemary , and asafetida resin for the sulfur smell . 
 `` you know why it works , '' he said . 
 `` it makes a path for the soul to follow , to the vessel . 
 the thurible , or the body . '' 
 `` is it magic ? '' 
 madrigal hesitated . 
 she 'd helped twiga make it often enough . 
 `` no , '' she said , distracted , as the sounds in the corridor grew louder . 
 `` it 's just smoke . 
 just a path for the soul . '' 
 brimstone nodded . 
 `` not unlike your wishbone . 
 it is n't magic , just a focus for the will . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` a powerful will might not even need it . '' 
 his look burned at her , steady . 
 he was trying to tell her something . 
 what ? 
 madrigal 's hands started to shake . 
 she did n't understand , quite , but something was starting to take shape , out of magic and will . 
 smoke and bone . 
 at the door , the bolts drew back . 
 madrigal 's heart pounded . 
 her wings made the ineffectual fluttering of a caged bird . 
 the door opened and thiago framed himself in it like a picture . 
 as ever , he was clad all in white , and madrigal realized for the first time why he wore white : it was a canvas for the blood of his victims , and now his surcoat was livid with it . 
 with akiva 's blood . 
 thiago 's face flashed anger when he saw brimstone in the room . 
 but he did n't risk a battle of wills he could n't win . 
 he inclined his head to the sorcerer and faced madrigal . 
 `` it 's time , '' he said . 
 his voice , perversely , was soft , as if he were coaxing a child to sleep . 
 she said nothing , fought for calm . 
 thiago was n't fooled . 
 his wolf senses could smell the tang of her fear . 
 he smiled , turning to the guards who awaited his command . 
 `` bind her hands . 
 pinion her wings . '' 
 `` that is unnecessary . '' 
 brimstone . 
 the guards hesitated . 
 thiago faced the resurrectionist and the two stared at each other , their enmity confined to the flaring of nostrils , clenching of jaws . 
 the wolf repeated his order in precise syllables , and the guards scurried to carry it out : into the cell , wrestling madrigal 's wings together and piercing them through with iron clips to secure them . 
 her hands were easier ; she did n't struggle . 
 once she was fully trussed , they shoved her toward the door . 
 brimstone had one last surprise . 
 he told thiago , `` i have designated someone to bless madrigal 's evanescence . '' 
 the blessing was a sacred ritual that she had assumed she would be denied . 
 thiago , apparently , had assumed the same . 
 he narrowed his eyes and said , `` you think you 're getting anyone close enough to glean her - '' brimstone cut him short . 
 `` chiro , '' he said . 
 madrigal flinched . 
 to thiago , he said , `` i ca n't imagine you would object to her . '' 
 thiago did not . 
 `` fine . '' 
 to the guards , he said , `` go . '' 
 chiro . 
 it was so deeply wrong , so profane , that madrigal 's betrayer should be the one to grant her soul peace , that for an instant she thought she had misconstrued everything that brimstone had just said to her , that this was one final punishment heaped upon the others . 
 then he smiled . 
 a wily uplift of the line of his stern ram 's mouth , and it struck her . 
 it exploded behind her eyes . 
 soft mollusk thing . 
 easily pushed aside . 
 the guard gave madrigal another shove and she was out the door , her mind racing to encompass this wild new notion in the short time that was left to her . 
 60 if found , please return it had never been done , not that she had heard of . 
 never even speculated on , and it surely would not have been possible with a natural body . 
 a body accretes to its soul like nacre to a grain of sand , forming a perfect , unified entity that only death can unwork . 
 there is no gap within a natural body for guests , or for hijackers . 
 but chiro 's body was a vessel , as madrigal well knew , having made it herself . 
 she might not need smoke to guide her , but she did need proximity . 
 she could n't move through space ; she had no control or propulsion . 
 chiro would have to come to her , and , because brimstone had selected her to perform the blessing , she did . 
 with heavy steps up the scaffold to kneel beside the pieces that had been her sister . 
 shaking , she raised her eyes to the air above the body . 
 she whispered , `` i 'm sorry , mad . 
 i did n't know it would be evanescence . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 madrigal , who could not block out the sight of her own severed head or the memory of akiva 's screams , was unmoved . 
 what had chiro hoped for ? 
 a lesser sentence ? 
 resurrection of low aspect , perhaps ? 
 maybe she had n't been thinking of madrigal at all , except as a means of drawing thiago 's attention . 
 love made a person do strange things , as madrigal well knew . 
 there was nothing stranger than what she was about to do . 
 there was no smoke to guide her . 
 as brimstone had said , she would n't need it . 
 with a powerful thrust of will , she funneled herself into the body that she had made with such loving care . 
 there was even less resistance than she had expected-a sensation of surprise , a feeble struggle . 
 chiro 's soul was a sullen thing made weak by envy . 
 it was no match for madrigal 's , and subsided almost at once . 
 it was n't expelled , only shoved writhing into its own depths . 
 the vessel remained , to all eyes , chiro . 
 she trembled violently , performing the blessing , but no one watching thought it strange-her sister lay dead at her feet . 
 and if she was rigid descending the scaffold , her movements jerky , no one questioned that , either . 
 there was no suspicion because there was no precedent . 
 after chiro left , there was nothing tethered to the broken body on the platform . 
 the soldiers who stood watch the next three days guarded only meat and air-no soul . 
 the only one who could have sensed its lack was brimstone , and he was n't inclined to tell . 
 it was through chiro 's eyes that madrigal had her last sight of akiva . 
 he was on a rack of sorts , his wings and arms wrenched back and secured by rings to the wall . 
 his head had fallen forward , and when she entered his cell , he lifted it to look at her with dead eyes . 
 the whites were full bloodred from the effort at magic that had burst capillaries , but it was n't only that . 
 the gold in them-the exquisite fire-had burned low , and madrigal had the impression of a soul in cinders . 
 it was the worst thing yet-worse even than her own death . 
 now , in marrakesh , as karou patched together memories of both her lives , she remembered that same deadness from the first time she had seen him . 
 she had wondered what had happened to make him look like that , and now she knew . 
 it was a splinter in her heart to think that all these years that she had been growing up in a new body , a world apart , childish and blithe and spending wishes on foolish things , he had been soul-dead , grieving for her . 
 if only he could have known . 
 in the prison cell , she had rushed to free his arms . 
 she was glad then of chiro 's diamond strength . 
 akiva 's chains were pulled so taut that his arms must have been straining at their sockets . 
 she feared that he would be too weak to fly , or to craft the glamour that would enable him to make it out of the city unseen , but she should n't have feared . 
 she knew akiva 's power . 
 when the chains fell slack , he did n't slump off the rack . 
 he sprang like a predator that had been lying in wait . 
 he turned on her , seeing only chiro and in no state to wonder why this stranger had set him free . 
 he hurled her against the wall before she had a chance to speak , and she was engulfed in the darkness of unconsciousness . 
 the memories ended there . 
 karou would n't know how brimstone had found and gleaned her soul until she could ask him . 
 she only knew that he had , because she was here . 
 `` i did n't know , '' akiva said . 
 he was stroking her hair , smoothing it over the contours of her head and neck down to her shoulders , lovingly and lingeringly . 
 `` if i had known he saved you ... '' he clutched her tight against him . 
 `` i could n't tell you it was me , '' karou said . 
 `` how would you have believed me ? 
 you did n't know about resurrection . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 said quietly , `` i did know . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 they were still standing together at the foot of the bed . 
 karou was lost in sensation . 
 the sifting together of memories . 
 the simple , profound joy of being with akiva . 
 the curious dueling familiarity and ... lack . 
 her body : her seventeen-years skin , utterly hers , and also new . 
 the absence of wings , the flexion of human feet with all their complicated muscles , her hornless head light as wind . 
 and there was something else , a kind of buzzing , an alarm , an awareness she could n't yet quite finger . 
 `` thiago , '' akiva said . 
 `` he ... he liked to talk while he ... well . 
 he gloated . 
 he told me everything . '' 
 karou could believe that . 
 another set of memories slotted into sense : the wolf awakening on the stone table as she-karou-held his hamsa-marked hand in her own . 
 he might have killed her then , she thought , if not for brimstone . 
 she understood brimstone 's fury now . 
 all these years he 'd hidden her from thiago , and she had waltzed right down to the cathedral and held his hand . 
 which had been every bit as beastly as she remembered . 
 she nestled against akiva . 
 `` i could have said good-bye , then , '' she said . 
 `` i was n't even thinking . 
 i only wanted to see you free . '' 
 `` karou ... '' `` it 's okay . 
 we 're here now . '' 
 she breathed the remembered smell of him , warm and smoky , and set her lips against his throat . 
 it was heady . 
 akiva was alive . 
 she was alive . 
 so much lay ahead of them . 
 her lips made a trail up his throat to the line of his jaw , remembering , rediscovering . 
 she was soft in his arms the way she had once known-that marvelous way bodies can melt together and erase all negative space . 
 she found his lips . 
 she had to take his head in her hands to angle it down to hers . 
 why did she have to do that ? 
 why ... why was n't akiva kissing her back ? 
 karou opened her eyes . 
 he was looking at her , not with desire but ... anguish . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 a terrible thought came to her and she stepped back , letting him go and hugging her arms around herself . 
 `` is it ... is it because i 'm not pure ? 
 because i 'm a. . . 
 a made thing ? '' 
 whatever was plaguing him , her question made it worse . 
 `` no , '' he said , wretched . 
 `` how could you think that ? 
 i 'm not thiago . 
 you promised to remember , karou . 
 you promised to remember that i love you . '' 
 `` then what is it ? 
 akiva , why are you acting so weird ? '' 
 he said , `` if i 'd known ... oh , karou . 
 if i had known that brimstone saved you ... '' he raked his fingers through his hair and began to pace the room . 
 `` i thought he was with them , against you , and it was worse , his betrayal , because you loved him like a father - '' `` no . 
 he 's like us , akiva . 
 he wants peace , too . 
 he can help us - '' his look stopped her . 
 so desolate . 
 he said , `` i did n't know . 
 if i 'd known , karou , i would have believed in redemption . 
 i never ... i never would have ... '' karou 's heartbeat went arrhythmic . 
 something was very , very wrong . 
 she knew it , and was afraid of it , did n't want to hear it , needed to hear it . 
 `` never would have what ? 
 akiva , what ? '' 
 he halted his pacing , stood with his hands on his head , gripping it . 
 `` in prague , '' he said , forcing out each word . 
 `` you asked how i found you . '' 
 karou remembered . 
 `` you said it was n't difficult . '' 
 he reached into his pocket and produced a folded paper . 
 with palpable reluctance , he handed it to her . 
 `` what - ? '' 
 she began , but stopped . 
 her hands started to shake uncontrollably , so that as she unfolded it , the page tore along a well-worn crease , right down the center of her self-portrait , and she was holding two halves of herself , and the plea , in her own script , if found , please return . 
 it was from her sketchbook , which she had left in brimstone 's shop . 
 comprehension was instant and blinding . 
 there was only one way akiva could have this . 
 she gasped . 
 everything clicked into place . 
 the black handprints , the blue infernos that had devoured the portals and all their magic , putting an end to brimstone 's trade . 
 and the echo of akiva 's voice , telling her why . 
 to end the war . 
 when she had dreamed with him , long ago , of ending the war , they had meant by bringing peace . 
 but oh , peace was n't the only way to end a war . 
 she saw it all . 
 thiago had told akiva the chimaera 's deepest secret , believing it would die with him , but she-she-had turned him loose with it . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 she asked , unbelieving , her voice breaking . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered . 
 black handprints , blue infernos . 
 an end to resurrection . 
 akiva 's hands , his hands that had held her in dance , in sleep , and in love , his knuckles that she had kissed and forgiven-they were newly etched . 
 they were full . 
 she cried out , `` no ! '' 
 the word pulled long and pleading , and then she was grabbing his shoulders , nails digging in , grabbing and holding him and forcing him to look at her . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 in a husk of a voice-such pure sorrow , such deep shame-akiva said , `` they 're dead , karou . 
 it 's too late . 
 they 're all dead . '' 
 epilogue a slash in the sky , that 's all it was , nothing like brimstone 's cunning portal with its aviary doors . 
 there was no door at all , and no guardian . 
 its only protection was its nowhereness , high above the atlas mountains , and its narrowness , less than a seraph 's wingspan . 
 it was remarkable that razgut had managed to find it after so long . 
 or , karou thought , looking at the creature , perhaps not so remarkable , that the worst moment of one 's life could be seared into the memory , brighter than any joy . 
 she understood now why pain was the tithe for magic : it was more powerful than joy . 
 than anything . 
 than hope ? 
 she saw the pyre in loramendi as if she 'd been there herself : chimaera corpses fed to the flames like scraps of flung cloth , and akiva watching it all from a tower , breathing the ashes of her people . 
 she tasted ash , and imagined it had still lingered on his flesh when she 'd kissed him . 
 because of her , he had lived to do this . 
 and still , she had n't been able to kill him , though he had brought her knives from prague himself , and would have fallen to his knees to make it easier for her . 
 she left him , and even after everything , the distance between them felt like a sphere pulled out of proportion . 
 wrong , that growing distance . 
 aching , the void that had been her new fullness . 
 a miserable part of her wanted to unknow akiva 's treachery , go back to before , to the incandescent happiness before it all came crashing down . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 razgut asked , shouldering his way through the gash in the world , so that half his body disappeared into the ether of eretz . 
 karou nodded . 
 the rest of him vanished , and she breathed deep of the raw air , gathering herself to follow . 
 there was no more happiness . 
 but under the misery , there was hope . 
 that the name brimstone had given her was more than a whim . 
 that this was not the end . 
