 here are the top three things i 've learned in my twenty-two years on the planet : 1 -rrb- never wipe your butt with poison ivy . 
 2 -rrb- people are like ants : just a few of them give all the orders . 
 and most of them spend their lives getting squashed . 
 3 -rrb- there are no happy endings , only breaks in the regular action . 
 of all of them , number three is really the only one you have to keep in mind . 
 `` this is stupid , '' tack says . 
 `` we should n't be doing this . '' 
 i do n't bother replying . 
 he 's right , anyway . 
 this is stupid , and we should n't be doing it . 
 but we are . 
 `` if anything goes wrong , we abort , '' tack says . 
 `` i mean anything . 
 i wo n't miss out on christmas for this shit . '' 
 `` christmas '' is code for the next big mission . 
 we 've only heard rumors about it so far . 
 we do n't know when , and we do n't know where . 
 all we know is that it 's coming . 
 i feel a sudden wave of nausea , a tide rolling up to my throat , and swallow it . 
 `` nothing will go wrong , '' i say , even though of course i ca n't know that . 
 that 's what i said about migration this year . 
 nobody dies , i said , over and over , like a prayer . 
 i guess god was n't listening . 
 `` border patrol , '' i say , as though tack ca n't see the solid cement wall , darkened by rain , and the checkpoints ahead . 
 he eases on the brakes . 
 the van is like an old man : always hacking and shuddering and taking forever to do what you want it to . 
 but as long as it gets us where it needs to go . 
 `` we could have been halfway to canada by now , '' tack says , which is , of course , an exaggeration . 
 that 's how i know he 's upset . 
 tack hardly ever exaggerates . 
 he says exactly what he means , only when he means it . 
 it 's one of the reasons i love him . 
 we get through the border without any trouble . 
 eight years of living in the wilds and four of working actively with the resistance , and i 've learned that half the country 's security is for show . 
 it 's all a big song and dance , a stage production : a way of keeping the tiny ants in line , cowed by fear , heads bent to the dirt . 
 half the guards are barely trained . 
 half the walls unpatrolled . 
 but it 's the image that matters , the impression of constant surveillance , of containment . 
 ants are driven by fear . 
 tack is quiet as we drive down the west side highway , empty of traffic . 
 the river and the sky are the same slate-gray color , and the rain sends sheets of water across the road . 
 the clouds have the same low-down , swollen-belly look they did on the day , years ago , when i crossed . 
 the day i found her . 
 i still ca n't say her name . 
 i used to be an ant too . 
 back when i lived before , back when i had a different name , back when the only scar i had was a small , thin fissure on my abdomen , where the doctors had had to remove my appendix . 
 i can still remember my old house : the gauzy curtains that smelled like gardenias and plastic ; the carpet sprinkled with baking soda and vacuumed daily ; the quiet , heavy as a hand . 
 my festa hand.ather liked quiet . 
 noise made the buzzing start up in his brain-like a storm of bees , he once told me . 
 the louder the buzzing got , the more he could n't think . 
 the more he could n't think , the angrier he got . 
 until he had to break , he had to stop it , he had to smash back all that sound with a fist , until there was quiet again . 
 we were a whirlpool , circling constantly around him , trying to keep the buzzing from coming back . 
 i almost drowned in that house . 
 `` raven ? '' 
 i turn to tack , realizing he 's been trying to get my attention . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say , a little too sharply . 
 `` here ? '' 
 tack has slowed down in front of a parking lot on twenty-fourth street , unattended , empty except for two cars . 
 the street is lined with identical apartments , stiff as sentinels , blinds pulled down against the rain : a whole street of darkened red brick and bird-shit-stained front steps and blindness . 
 `` we 're early , '' he says . 
 `` she had seven hours on us , at least , '' i say . 
 `` still , if she was walking ... '' he shrugs . 
 `` so we wait , '' i say . 
 `` turn left on nineteenth . 
 i want to scout the block . '' 
 northeastern medical , the clinic where julian fineman is scheduled to die , is on eighteenth street ; we can thank the radio for letting that little detail slip . 
 i 'm surprised there 's not more press . 
 then again , they might be inside already , angling for a good view . 
 tack circles the block twice-not enough times to look suspicious , in case anyone is watching-and we talk over the plan together . 
 he helps me think it out , then parks and waits for me while i walk the perimeter on foot , scanning the entrances and the exits , checking out nearby buildings , potential pitfalls , dead ends , and hiding places . 
 several times i have to stop , breathe , struggle not to puke . 
 `` did you find a place for the backpack ? '' 
 tack asks when i climb back into the van . 
 i nod . 
 he inches carefully into nonexistent traffic . 
 another thing i love about tack : how careful he is . 
 meticulous , in some ways . 
 and in others , totally free-quick to laugh , full of crazy ideas . 
 hardly anyone gets to see that side of him . 
 how he speaks in a rush when he 's excited . 
 how he likes to say the word love , over and over . 
 love . 
 i love you . 
 i 'll always love you , my love . 
 you are the love of my life . 
 we keep these things for each other , the deepest parts . 
 in valid cities it 's those places that get stomped out firglemped oust , even before the cure-the wounds and weirdness and the pieces we carry like misshapen gifts , waiting for a person to welcome them . 
 love is still hard for me to say sometimes , even when we 're alone , even after all this time . 
 so we 've made up our own language , in the way we press chest to chest and the way we touch noses when we kiss . 
 i get to say his name-his real name . 
 a name that brings a taste of sunshine , and of sunshine raising mist from the trees , and of mist reaching toward the sky . 
 his secret name , which belongs to me , and to him , and to no one else . 
 michael . 
 did i ever tell her i loved her ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i ca n't remember . 
 i thought it every day . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 the nausea is near constant now . 
 it rolls me up and down . 
 thinking of her is too much , and the acid comes up from my stomach and burns the back of my throat . 
 `` pull over , '' i tell tack . 
 i puke behind a car that looks like it has n't been moved in years , next to a small pharmacy , its battered blue awning pooling the rain . 
 the vertical neon sign advertising consultation and diagnosis is dark , but a small orange sign hangs beyond the grungy door : open . 
 for a second i debate going in , making up some story , trying to get another test , just to be sure . 
 but it 's too risky , and i need to stay focused on lena . 
 i tent my jacket above my head as i run back to the van , feeling a little better now that i 've thrown up . 
 the gutters are running with trash , whipping small bits of paper and disposable cups into the drain . 
 i hate the city . 
 wish i was out with the rest of the group at the warehouse , packing up , counting heads , measuring supplies . 
 wish i was anywhere , really-fighting through the wilds , which are always changing , always growing ; fighting the scavengers , even . 
 anywhere but this towering gray city , where even the sky is held at bay . 
 where we are as small as ants . 
 the van smells like mildew and tobacco and , weirdly , like peanut butter . 
 i crack open a window . 
 `` wh teroman '' > at was that about ? '' 
 tack asks . 
 `` did n't feel good , '' i say , staring straight ahead , willing him not to ask any more questions . 
 two straight weeks of getting sick in the mornings . 
 at first i thought it was just the stress-lena captured , the whole plan out of our hands . 
 waiting . 
 watching . 
 hoping she 'd get it right . 
 patience was never my strong suit . 
 `` you do n't look good , '' he says . 
 and then , `` what 's going on , raven ? 
 are you - ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say quickly . 
 `` my stomach 's just f ** ked up , that 's all . 
 it 's that goddamn jerky we 've been eating . '' 
 tack relaxes a little . 
 he stops white-knuckling the wheel , and the muscle in his jaw goes still . 
 i feel a wave of guilt , a surge even worse than the nausea . 
 lying is a defense , like a porcupine 's quills or a bear 's claws . 
 and my time in the wilds has made me very good at it . 
 but i do n't like lying to tack . 
 he 's practically the only person i have left . 
 `` is she yours ? '' 
 those were tack 's first words to me . 
 i can still see him the way he was then : skinnier , even , than he is now . 
 big hands . 
 two nose rings . 
 eyes half-closed but alert , like a lizard 's ; hair falling practically to the bridge of his nose . 
 sitting in the corner of the sickroom , hands and ankles bound . 
 pockmarked with mosquito bites and bloody with scratches . 
 i 'd been in the wilds for only a month . 
 i was lucky , and found my way to a homestead within six hours of crossing from yarmouth . 
 double lucky , actually . 
 only a week later , the homestead relocated , moved into new hampshire , just south of rochester . 
 rumors of a raid on the wilds had everyone jumpy . 
 i 'd made it just in time . 
 i had to . 
 blue was barely alive , and i had no way of feeding her . 
 i 'd run in a panic , blind to anything but the need to disappear ; had no supplies , no knowledge , no hope of making it on my own . 
 my shoes were too tight and left raw , bloody blisters the size of quarters after only a few hours of walking . 
 i did n't know how to navigate . 
 did n't keep track of where i was going . 
 got thirsty but did n't think of sipping from a stream because i was worried it would make me sick . 
 idiot . 
 if i had n't wandered into the homestead , i would have died . 
 and she would have too . 
 little baby blue . 
 i had n't believed in god since i was a little kid and saw my dad take my mom by the hair and slam her face-first into the kitchen counter , watched a spray of blood on the linoleum and saw one of her teeth skitter across the floor , white and shiny as a die . 
 i knew then there was no one watching over us . 
 but my first night in the wilds , when the forest opened up like a jaw and i saw lights glowing fuzzily in the darkness , small halos beyond the rain , and heard voicekin heard s-when grandma put a blanket around my shoulders , and mari , twenty-two years old , who 'd just given birth to her second stillborn , took blue in her arms and to her breast and cried silently the whole time she was suckling , when i knew we 'd both been saved-that night , i thought i knew god , just for a second . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to talk to you , '' i said to tack . 
 only i did n't know his name then . 
 he did n't have a name then . 
 did n't have a group , or a homestead ; did n't belong anywhere . 
 we called him the thief . 
 the thief laughed . 
 `` you are n't , huh ? 
 what about all the freedom on the other side of the walls ? '' 
 `` you 're a scavenger , '' i said , even though i hardly knew what the term meant . 
 i had n't seen one yet , thank god , and would n't for two years , during a relocation that wiped out half our number . 
 `` i do n't want to talk to you . '' 
 he flinched . 
 `` i 'm not a scavenger . '' 
 then he lifted his chin and stared at me . 
 that was the first time i realized he was probably my age . 
 his clothes , the dirtiness of him , his attitude-i 'd assumed he was older . 
 `` i 'm not anything . '' 
 `` you 're a thief , '' i said , looking away . 
 only a month in the wilds-i had n't even begun to shake my fear of them . 
 boys . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm a survivor . '' 
 `` you were stealing our food , '' i said . 
 i did n't add : everyone thought i was to blame . 
 `` that makes you a scavenger in my opinion . '' 
 for the past several weeks , the homesteaders had noticed supplies gone missing , some traps empty that should have been full , a jug or two of clean water mysteriously emptied overnight . 
 the group had grown tense , suspicious , and i became the prime suspect . 
 i was the newest , after all . 
 no one knew who i was or where i 'd come from or what i was about , and the thefts had started soon after i 'd arrived with blue . 
 so this guy named gray , who was kind of the group leader at the time , had started surveillance without telling anyone . 
 in the middle of the night he got out of bed and circulated to all the snares and traps , checked the storerooms , made sure everyone from the homestead was exactly where they should be . 
 on the second day of his rounds , he caught tack wrestling a rabbit out of one of our traps . 
 stealing . 
 tack nearly put a knife through gray , trying to escape . 
 but he missed and just sliced off a chunk of gray 's shoulder blade , and gray managed to shout and pin tack to the ground , and since then he 'd been our prisoner and everyone had been debating what to do about him . 
 `` welcome to freedom , '' he said . 
 and he spit . 
 right next to his feet , on the ground . 
 `` everyone has an opinion . '' 
 i turned my attention back to blue . 
 grandma had told me not to get too attached . 
 so many of them do n't make it out here , she 'd said . 
 but i was already attached . 
 from the second i found her ; fnd found hrom the second i felt the skating pressure of her heartbeat beneath her tiny ribs . 
 i knew she was mine-my job , my duty to protect . 
 at first she 'd barely taken any food from mari , but after two weeks she was eating better and beginning to gain weight . 
 when mari nursed , i sat next to her , sometimes with an arm around blue , like i could absorb them both . 
 like i was the one sending life out through my fingertips and into blue 's veins and heart and mouth . 
 i kept blue with me all the time . 
 grandma gave me an old baby carrier , faded to a dull and genderless gray from so many washings , so i could strap her to my chest when i was helping the others with the rounds . 
 but then she 'd gotten sick again . 
 she fussed and would n't stay asleep for more than fifteen minutes at a time . 
 her nose was always running , and on the second day , her fever was so bad , i could feel the heat of her body when i held my hand six inches from her chest . 
 she stopped feeding , and she cried for hours at a time . 
 everyone told me it was just a cold , and she 'd get over it . 
 for three days , i 'd been moving through a thick fog of exhaustion , a relentless tiredness like nothing i 'd ever known . 
 at night , i stayed awake and whispered to her , rocking her even as she tried to push me off , keeping her cool with wet cloths . 
 we had moved , both of us , into the sickroom . 
 tack had been placed there too , temporarily , while the other homesteaders convened in the main room and talked about whether to let him go and trust that he would n't steal from us again , or whether he should be punished , even killed . 
 the law of the wilds was just as harsh , in its way , as the law on the other side of the fence . 
 tack watched me as i bent over blue , murmuring to her , wiping the sweat from her forehead . 
 she was n't crying anymore . 
 her eyes were half-closed , and she barely stirred when i touched her . 
 her breathing was short and shallow . 
 `` it 's rsv , '' tack spoke up suddenly . 
 `` she needs medicine . '' 
 `` you some kind of doctor ? '' 
 i fired back . 
 but i was scared . 
 i wished she would cry , open her mouth , respond to me in any way . 
 but she was just lying there , fighting for breath . 
 and i knew then that it was n't just a cold . 
 whatever she had was getting worse . 
 `` my mother was a nurse , '' tack said calmly . 
 this startled me . 
 it was weird to think of the thief , the wild and lawless boy , as having a mother-as having a past at all . 
 i looked at him . 
 `` untie me , '' he said , his voice low , convincing , `` and i 'll help you . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' i said . 
 there 's a part of me-a big part-that 's hoping lena wo n't show up . 
 she might have gotten stuck at the border , or caught by a patrol without an id . 
 she might have gotten lost . 
 she might just be too late . 
 then tack and i wo n't have to get involved , wo n't risk a big fat stinking mess . 
 but we 've trained her too well , and at a couple of minutes before te '' fes befon a.m. , i spot her moving up the street , head down against the rain , which has petered out to a slow drizzle . 
 she 's wearing clothes that do n't belong to her , except for the wind breaker , which she must have taken from the safe house . 
 still , her walk is unmistakable : light on her feet , kind of bouncing on her toes , as if she might break into a run at any second . 
 tack spots her the same time i do and sinks down a little in the front seat , as if worried she might spot us . 
 but she 's totally focused . 
 she barely pauses at the entrance to the clinic . 
 she slips inside . 
 any moment now . 
 the air inside the van is humid , and my skin feels sticky . 
 the windows are fogged from our breath . 
 i feel another roll of nausea and fight it back . 
 no time for that . 
 after a few minutes , tack sighs and reaches for the jacket balled up on the seat between us . 
 he shakes it out and shoves his arms , hard , into the sleeves . 
 he looks funny in a suit jacket , like a bear dressed up in a costume for the circus . 
 i would never tell him that , though . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` do n't forget this . '' 
 i pass him a small laminated id . 
 it 's so old and stained , the picture is nearly indistinguishable-which is good , because its original owner , dr. howard rivers , was about twenty pounds heavier than tack and had a decade on him . 
 then again , howard rivers was n't actually howard rivers , but edward kauffman , a respected doctor in maine who worked to keep the deliria out of our schools and homes , who had ties to the governor , who subsidized medical centers in poorer parts of town . 
 secretly , though , he was a radical and controversial resister , famous for performing under-the-table abortions on uncureds who 'd gotten pregnant and were desperate to conceal it . 
 over the years he established identities for a dozen fake doctors so he could increase his shipments of medicine and antibiotics , which he then distributed to invalids in the wilds . 
 edward kauffman , the original , is dead now-has been dead for two years . 
 he was outed in a police sting operation and executed only two weeks later . 
 but many of his pseudonyms , his fake identities , survived . 
 they 're healthy and practicing still . 
 tack clips the id to his jacket . 
 `` how do i look ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` medical , '' i answer . 
 he checks his reflection in the rearview and tries unsuccessfully again to mash down his hair . 
 `` do n't forget , '' he says . 
 `` parking lot on twenty-fourth . 
 i 'll be waiting for you . '' 
 `` we 'll be there , '' i say , ignoring the weird feeling in my stomach . 
 more than nausea . 
 nerves . 
 i hate being nervous . 
 it 's a weakness . 
 it reminds me of the person i used to be , and the ticking quiet of the old house , my father brewing , growing his anger like a storm . 
 every time i have to kill someone , s pll somei pretend he has my father 's face . 
 `` be careful , rae . '' 
 for a second , i get a glimpse of michael , the boy no one sees . 
 face open like a kid 's . 
 scared . 
 `` i wish you 'd let me do the heavy lifting . '' 
 `` where 's the fun in that ? '' 
 i press my fingers against my lips , bring them to his chest . 
 it 's our sign . 
 neither one of us is super touchy-feely , and besides , it 's too risky to kiss in zombieland . 
 `` see you on the other side . '' 
 `` on the other side , '' he parrots , then slips out of the van , jogging across the street pooled with rain . 
 i count off sixty seconds , make some last-minute adjustments to my gear , flip down the mirror , and check my teeth . 
 feel for the gun concealed in my jacket and check the supplies in my right jeans pocket . 
 all good . 
 all there . 
 count another sixty seconds , which helps me ignore the nerves . 
 nothing to be afraid of . 
 i know what i 'm doing . 
 we all do . 
 too well . 
 sometimes i imagine that tack and i will just crap out-flake on the whole war , the struggle , the resistance . 
 say good-bye and see you never . 
 we 'll go up north and build a homestead together , far away from everyone and everything . 
 we know how to survive . 
 we could do it . 
 trap and hunt and fish for our food , grow what we can , pop out a whole brood of kids and pretend the rest of the world does n't exist . 
 let it blow itself to pieces if it wants to . 
 dreams . 
 it has been two and a half minutes . 
 i open the van door and hop down to the curb . 
 the rain is nothing more than a mist now , but the gutters are still overflowing , swirling eddies of crushed coffee cups and cigarette butts and flyers . 
 when i push open the door to the clinic , it 's like a different world : thick green carpet , and furniture polished so it shines . 
 big , showy clock in the corner , ticking away the minutes . 
 not a bad place to die , if you had to choose . 
 tack is standing at reception , drumming his fingers against the desk . 
 he barely glances at me when i come in . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , doctor . '' 
 the lab tech behind the desk is punching buttons frantically . 
 her fingers are fat and weighted down with rings cut deep into her flesh . 
 `` an inspection-today-there must be a mistake . '' 
 `` it 's on the books , '' tack says , in a voice that belongs to someone older and fatter and cured . 
 `` every clinic is subjected to an annual regulatory - '' `` excuse me , '' i say loudly , interrupting him , as i come toward the desk . 
 i make sure to walk a little funny , just for show . 
 tack and i can laugh about it later . 
 `` excuse me , '' i repeat , a little louder . 
 too loud for the space . 
 `` you 'll have to hold on , '' the receptionist says to me , picking up the phone and angling her chin awayes er chin from the receiver . 
 she turns immediately back to tack . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 you have no idea how embarrassed - '' `` do n't be sorry , '' he says . 
 `` just get somebody down here who can help me . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 i lean forward over the counter . 
 `` look , i 'm talking to you . '' 
 `` ma'am . '' 
 she 's losing it . 
 she 's probably shitting bricks , thinking she 's going to get the whole clinic shut down because she screwed up the review dates . 
 `` i 'm in the middle of something . 
 if you have an appointment , you 're going to have to sign in and take a seat in the - '' `` i do n't have an appointment . '' 
 i 'm really putting it on , now , practically yelling . 
 tack does a good job of looking disgusted . 
 `` and i wo n't wait . 
 i got this rash , okay ? 
 it 's driving me crazy . 
 i ca n't hardly even sit . '' 
 i undo my belt and start to hitch my pants down over my waist , like i 'm about to moon her . 
 tack draws back with a noise of disgust , and the nurse slams down the phone and practically hurls herself around the desk . 
 `` this way , ma'am , please . '' 
 she clamps a hand on my arm . 
 i can smell the sweat underneath her perfume . 
 she pilots me quickly out of the reception area-away from dr. howard rivers , medical inspector , where i ca n't do any harm , where i wo n't embarrass the clinic any further-and through a set of double doors into a long white hallway . 
 i feel a hitch of excitement in my chest , a slight break , like i always do when a plan is going off like we expected . 
 with my free hand i fumble in my right jeans pocket for the small glass bottle , uncork it with a thumb , let the contents spill out into the rag stuffed in my pocket . 
 acetone , bleach , and heat . 
 not as good as manufactured chloroform , but good enough . 
 `` the doctor will be in to see you shortly , '' she says , huffing from the exertion of piloting me forward . 
 she practically shoves me into a small examination room and stands , br ** sts heaving against her uniform , with one hand on the doorknob . 
 the hall behind her is empty . 
 `` if you 'll just wait here ... '' `` i hate waiting , '' i say , and step forward , bringing the rag to her face . 
 she is very heavy as she goes down . 
 untie me , and i 'll help you . 
 the words were stuck in my mind , a taunt and a promise . 
 i did n't think i could trust him . 
 and it would be a betrayal-of grandma , and of the other homesteaders who had taken in blue and me . 
 if i got caught , if the thief screwed us over , i 'd have to pay for it . 
 maybe i 'd get tied up in the sickroom , waiting for the group to decide what should be done with me . 
 but blue was n't getting any better . 
 i was so afraid-afraid of everything back then , just a skinny little shit who 'd made a snap-dash decision to run away and who had no idea what she was doing . 
 my dad had always told me i was stupid in the head , pathetic , one of the losers . 
 and back then , maybe he was right . 
 i knew the thief was n't afraid . 
 i could just tell . 
 was n't afraid of me or the other homesteaders , was n't afraid of dying . 
 when blue started gurgling and rasping in her sleep-then went ten seconds at a time , still , not breathing , before taking in a gasp of air-i stole a knife from the kitchen and brought it back to the sickroom . 
 my hands were shaking . 
 i remember , because i kept thinking of my mom 's hands , rattling her silverware , fluttering like birds , a wild , frantic part of her . 
 i wondered if she 'd been thinking of me at all since i 'd left . 
 it was late . 
 everyone else was asleep-now that the thief had been caught , even gray did n't feel the need to patrol . 
 the thief 's smile was like a sickle blade in the dark . 
 i squatted down in front of him . 
 `` you promised , '' i told him . 
 `` you promised to help me . '' 
 `` cross my heart and hope to die , '' he said . 
 i did n't like the sound of his voice-like he was laughing at me-but i cut him loose anyway , feeling sick the whole time , knowing blue would die otherwise . 
 might die just the same . 
 he stood up , groaning a little . 
 i had n't realized how tall he was . 
 i had n't seen him except sitting or lying down since he was brought in . 
 i took a step backward , flinching , when he raised his arms above his head . 
 his smile vanished , turned into something harder . 
 `` you do n't trust me , do you ? '' 
 he said . 
 i shook my head . 
 he extended his hand for the knife , and after a second 's hesitation , i gave it to him . 
 `` i 'll be back by noon , '' he said . 
 my heart was beating hard in my throat , a rhythm saying , please , please . 
 i 'm counting on you . 
 he jerked his chin in blue 's direction . 
 `` keep her alive until then . '' 
 then he was gone , moving soundlessly through the darkened halls , vanishing into the shadows . 
 and i sat holding blue , with terror sitting like a black mist in my chest , and waited . 
 lies are just stories , and stories are all that matter . 
 we all tell stories . 
 some are more truthful than others , maybe , but in the end the only thing that counts is what you can make people believe . 
 i learned to tell stories from my mom . 
 `` your dad 's not feeling well today , '' she 'd say . 
 she 'd say , i had an accident.she 'd say , remember what happened . 
 you 're a clumsy girl . 
 you walked into a door . 
 you tripped and stumbled down a staircase . 
 my favorite story : he does n't mean to . 
 she was so good at telling stories that i started to believe them after a while . 
 maybe i was clumsy . 
 maybe it was my fault , for provoking him . 
 maybe he really did n't mean to . 
 there were stories , too , about a girl who got pregnant before her cure . 
 caroline gormely-she lived down the street from me , in our neighborhood of boxy , identical-looking houses . 
 her parents only found out after she swallowed half a bottle of bleach and was taken to the emergency room . 
 one day she was around , riding the bus home from school , pressing her nose to the glass , the window fogging with her breath . 
 and one day she was n't anymore . 
 my mom told me she 'd been taken somewhere to be cured , shipped off to a different city where she could start again . 
 her parents had disowned her . 
 she would likely end up working sanitation somewhere , never paired , carrying the blight of the disease around her like a scar . 
 you see what happens , my dad said , when you do n't listen ? 
 what about the baby ? 
 i 'd asked my mom . 
 she hesitated for only a second . 
 the baby will be taken care of , she said . 
 and she meant it : just not in the way i thought . 
 the lab tech 's uniform is big on me , so big i feel like a kid playing dress-up . 
 but it will work . 
 i do n't rush . 
 a good story needs pacing , deliberateness . 
 i take my time finding a small fabric mask , which i slip over my face , and rubber gloves . 
 i lock the doorknob before i slip back out into the hall . 
 no sense in risking the discovery of the nurse , who is now curled up on the linoleum , breathing deeply , like a child . 
 i clip her id on my uniform , knowing no one will check it . 
 you need to give people the broad strokes , the things they 're expecting : the main characters and the buildup . 
 and the cli ** x , of course . 
 a good story always needs a cli ** x. none of the homesteaders blamed me for the thief 's escape , as i had worried they would , even after the kitchen knife was discovered to be missing . 
 everyone assumed he had broken out somehow , that he had managed to loosen the restraints himself and had stolen the knife before sneaking out . 
 the hard-liners , the ones who had wanted to see him killed , gloated : he was no good , he might be back to murder them in their sleep , they 'd hn r , theyave to keep constant tabs on the food stores now . 
 should have offed the no-good scavenger when they 'd had a chance . 
 i almost spoke up . 
 i would have confessed , but i was too scared that i would get turned out , abandoned in the wilds . 
 the thief had promised to be back by noon , but noon came and went , and by the time the homesteaders were finished with their rounds and blue 's breathing sounded like a rattle in her chest , when she was breathing at all , i knew that he had lied to me . 
 he would never be back , and blue would die , and it was all my fault . 
 i could n't cry about it because i 'd learned never to cry , even as a little girl . 
 crying was one of the things that set my dad off , just like laughing too loud , or smiling at a joke that did n't include him , or acting happy when he was miserable , or miserable when he was happy . 
 i remember lu watched blue while i went for some air , even though i could tell she did n't think it would do any good . 
 everyone was walking around me like i had some kind of disease , or like i was in detonator mode and might fracture at any second into shrapnel . 
 that was the worst : knowing they thought she was going to die too . 
 i still was n't used to the wilds , and i did n't like them then . 
 i was used to rules and fences , rivers of pavement and parking lots , order everywhere . 
 the wilds were vast and dark and unpredictable , and reminded me of back home and my dad 's rage , hanging like a low weight over everything , leaving no room to breathe , pressing us into submission . 
 later , i learned that the wilds did obey certain rules , did contain a certain kind of order-raw and bare and beautiful . 
 only humans are unpredictable . 
 i remember : a high moon , the weight of fear , the strangle-squeeze of guilt . 
 a cold wind , bringing unfamiliar smells . 
 the crack of a branch . 
 a footstep . 
 and suddenly there he was : the thief emerged from the woods , looking ten years older than he had when he left , soaking wet . 
 he was carrying a backpack . 
 for a second , i could n't believe he was real . 
 i thought i must be dreaming . 
 `` albuterol , '' he said , lifting the backpack . 
 `` for the girl . 
 and supplies for the others . 
 penance for my crime . '' 
 tylenol , sudafed , band-aids , antibiotics , bacitracin , neosporin , penicillin . 
 it was a jackpot . 
 no one could believe that he 'd returned . 
 no one could believe that he 'd risked his life , made a crossing to the other side , to stock up on supplies so desperately needed . 
 he said nothing about the agreement we 'd made . 
 his earlier crimes were forgiven . 
 he told the homesteaders about a small , plain storage facility , minimally secure and totally unmarked , on the banks of the cocheco river . 
 the man who owned it , edward kauffman , was a sympathizer , and doled out medication and even certain treatments to uncureds on the sly . 
 tack had moved upstream , fighting a heavy current , and crossed just east of kauffman 's clinic . 
 he 'd had to hide out for a while before crossing back , however , waiting for a patrol to move on . 
 `` how 'd you know about the clinic ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` my sister , '' he told me shortly . 
 he did n't say , but i guessed : she 'd had some kind of procedure there , something he did n't want me to know about . 
 later on , i understood . 
 `` sharp as a tack , that one , '' grandpa announced after the thief had finished speaking ; and so the thief received a name , and became one of us . 
 beyond the waiting room , the hospital looks like any other : bleak , ugly , overly scrubbed . 
 i do n't like places that are too clean . 
 it always makes me think about what 's getting covered up and scrubbed off . 
 i walk , head down , not too quick , not too slow . 
 hardly anyone in the halls , and the only doctor i pass barely glances at me . 
 good . 
 people mind their own business here . 
 i get a break when i hit the bank of elevators : a guy standing , tapping his foot , checking his watch , a poster boy for impatience , with a large camera slung around his neck and the look of someone who has n't slept in a week . 
 press . 
 `` you here for julian fineman ? '' 
 is all i have to say . 
 `` it 's six , right ? 
 the woman at the front desk told me it was on six . '' 
 he must be in his thirties , but he has a big pimple right on the tip of his nose , angry as a blister . 
 his whole vibe is a little like a pimple , actually : ready to explode . 
 i follow him into the elevator , reach out , and punch six with a knuckle . 
 `` it 's six , '' i say . 
 the first time i ever killed someone i was sixteen . 
 it was almost two years since i 'd escaped to the wilds , and by then the homestead had changed . 
 certain people had left or died ; others had showed up . 
 we 'd had a bad winter my first year , four weeks of almost straight snow , no hunting , no trapping , making do on scraps left over from the summer-dried strips of meat , and , when that ran out , plain rice . 
 but worse than that was the freeze , the days snow piled up so quick and so heavy it was n't safe to go outside ; when the homestead reeked of unwashed bodies and worse ; when the boredom was so bad it crawled down into your skin and made a constant itch . 
 mari did n't make it past that winter . 
 the second stillborn had hit her hard ; even before the winter she sometimes spent days curled up on her cot , one arm crooked around the negative space where a baby should have been . 
 that winter , it was like something brittle finally snapped inside of her , and one morning we woke up and found her swinging from a wooden beam in the food room . 
 it was snowing too hard to bring her up , so for two days we had to live alongside her body . 
 we lost tiny , too , who went out one day to try and hunt , even though we told him it was no use and the animals would n't be out and it was too risky . 
 but he was going crazy from being penned in so long , crazy from the constant hunger gnawing like a rat from the inside nwa the inout . 
 he never came back . 
 probably got lost and froze to death . 
 so my second year we decided to move . 
 it was gray 's decision , actually , but we were all on board . 
 bram , who 'd arrived earlier in the summer , told us about some homesteads farther south , friendly places where we would find shelter . 
 in august , gray sent out scouts to chart routes and look for campsites . 
 in september , we started relocation . 
 the scavengers hit in connecticut . 
 i 'd heard stories about them , but never concrete stuff : more whispers and myths , like the monster stories my mom had told me as a kid to make me behave . 
 shhh . 
 be quiet or you 'll wake the dragon . 
 it was late and i was sleeping when squirrel , who was scouting , gave the alarm : two shots fired into the darkness . 
 but it was too late . 
 suddenly everyone was screaming . 
 blue-already big , beautiful , with the eyes of a grown-up and a pointed chin like mine-woke up bawling , terrified . 
 she would n't leave the tent . 
 she was clinging to the sleeping bag , kicking me off , saying , no , no , no over and over again . 
 by the time i managed to get her up , get her into my arms and out of the tents , i thought the world was ending . 
 i 'd grabbed a knife , but i did n't know what to do with it . 
 i 'd once skinned an animal and it had nearly made me puke . 
 i found out later that there were only four of them , but at the time it seemed like they were everywhere . 
 that 's one of their tricks . 
 chaos . 
 confusion . 
 there was fire-two tents went up just like that , like two match heads exploding-and there were shots and people screaming . 
 all i could think was run . 
 i had to run . 
 i had to get blue away from there . 
 but i could n't move . 
 i felt terror like a cold weight inside me , rooting me in place , the same way it always had when i was a little girl-when my dad would come down the stairs , stomp , stomp , stomp , his anger like a blanket meant to suffocate us all . 
 watching from the corner while he kicked my mom in the ribs , in the face , unable to cry , unable to scream , even . 
 for years i 'd fantasized that the next time he touched me , or her , i 'd stick a knife straight in through the ribs , all the way up to the handle . 
 i 'd thought about the blood bubbling from the wound and how good it would feel to know that he , like me , was made out of real stuff , bones and tissue , skin that could bruise . 
 but every time i was frozen , empty as a shell . 
 every time i did nothing but take it : red starburst explosions to the face , behind the eyes ; pinches and slaps ; hard shoves to the chest . 
 `` let 's go , let 's go ! '' 
 tack was shouting from the other side of the camp . 
 i started running to him without thinking , without watching where i was going , still clotted up with panic , with blue soaking my neck with snot and tears and my heart drilling out of my chest , and when the scavenger came from the left i did n't even see him until he was swinging a club at my head . 
 un > i dropped blue . 
 just let her fall to the ground . 
 and i went down behind her , knees hard in the dirt , trying to shield her . 
 i got a hand around her pajama bottoms and managed to pick her up and get her on her feet . 
 `` run , '' i said . 
 `` go on . '' 
 i pushed her . 
 she was crying , and i pushed her . 
 but she ran , as well as she could , on legs that were still too short for her body . 
 the scavenger drove a foot between my ribs , exactly the spot where my dad had fractured them when i was twelve . 
 the pain made everything go black for a second , and when i rolled over on my back , everything was different . 
 the stars were n't stars but a ceiling spotted with water stains . 
 the dirt was n't dirt but a nubby carpet . 
 and the scavenger was n't a scavenger but him . 
 my dad . 
 eyes small as cuts , fists as fat as leather belts , breath hot and wet in my face . 
 his jaw , his smell , his sweat . 
 he 'd found me . 
 he raised a fist and i knew it was starting all over again , that it would never stop , that he would never leave me alone and i would never escape . 
 that blue would never be safe . 
 everything went dark and silent . 
 i did n't know i 'd reached for the knife until it was deep between his ribs . 
 that 's all i 've ever heard : silence . 
 the times i 've killed . 
 the times i 've had to kill . 
 if there is a god , i guess he has nothing to say about it . 
 if there is a god , he must have gotten tired of watching a long time ago . 
 there is silence in julian fineman 's execution room , except for the occasional click-click of a camera , except for the drone of the priest 's voice . 
 but when abraham saw that isaac had become unclean , he asked in his heart for guidance ... silence like whiteness : like things painted over and concealed , or left unsaid . 
 silence except for the squeak , squeak of my sneakers on the linoleum floor . 
 the doctor turns to look at me , annoyed . 
 confused . 
 my voice , in that big , vast white room , sounds unfamiliar . 
 the first gunshot is very loud . 
 i 'm remembering : all those years ago , sitting with tack when he was newly named . 
 the red-ember glow of the fire in the old woodstove , and blue , breathing easier already , heavy in my arms . 
 sleep sounds from the other rooms , and somewhere above us , the hiss of the wind through the trees . 
 `` you came back , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't think you would . '' 
 `` i was n't going to , '' he admitted . 
 he looked different , wearing clothes grandpa had found for him in the storeroom-much younger , much skinnier . 
 his eyes were huge dark hollows in his face . 
 i thought he was beautiful . 
 i hugged blue a little closer . 
 she was still hot , still fussing in her sleep . 
 but her breaths came even and slow , and there was no trapped rattle in her chest . 
 for the first time , it struck me that i 'd been lonely . 
 not just at the homestead , where everyone was too busy surviving to worry about making friends , where most of the invalids were older or half-soft in the head or just liked to keep to themselves . 
 even before that . 
 at home i 'd never had friends either . 
 i could n't afford to , could n't let them see what my house was like , did n't want anyone paying attention or asking questions . 
 alone . 
 i 'd been alone my whole life . 
 `` why did you change your mind ? '' 
 i said . 
 he smiled a little . 
 `` because i knew you thought i 'd bail . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` you crossed over to the other side-you risked your life-just to prove a point ? '' 
 `` not to prove a point , '' he said . 
 `` to prove you wrong . '' 
 he smiled , bigger this time . 
 his hair smelled like smoke from the fire . 
 `` you seem like you might be worth it . '' 
 then he kissed me . 
 he leaned over and just touched his lips to mine with blue held between us like a secret , and i knew then that i would not be so alone anymore . 
 `` how did you - ? '' 
 lena is breathless , white in the face . 
 shock , maybe . 
 her palms are cut up , and there 's blood on her jacket . 
 `` where did you - ? '' 
 `` later , '' i say . 
 my cheek is stinging . 
 got a face full of glass when lena decided to break through the observation deck , but it 's nothing a pair of tweezers ca n't fix . 
 i 'm lucky the glass missed my eyes . 
 julian , up close , looks different than he does in all the dfa literature . 
 younger , and kind of sad and overeager , like a puppy begging for attention-even a swift kick . 
 luckily , he asks no questions , just falls in behind me , walking quickly , saying nothing . 
 he must be use to obeying . 
 if it was n't for lena , if she had n't switched up the rules , the needle would be in his arm by now , and he 'd be dead . 
 it would have been better for us , and for the movement . 
 no point in thinking about that now . 
 lena took a stand , and so i took a stand with her . 
 that 's what you do for family . 
 anything . 
 we go out the emergency exit to the fire escape , which leads down into the little courtyard i scouted earlier . 
 so far , so good . 
 lena 's breathing fast and hard behind me , but m clnd me , y breath is easy , even , and slow . 
 this is my favorite part of the story : the escape . 
 tack is waiting with the van on twenty-fourth street , just like he said he would be . 
 i open the cargo door and shut lena and julian inside . 
 `` you got 'em ? '' 
 tack asks when i climb into the passenger seat . 
 `` would i be here if i did n't ? '' 
 i answer . 
 he frowns . 
 `` you 're cut . '' 
 i flip down the mirror and take a look : a few uneven cuts on my cheek and neck , beaded with blood . 
 `` just a scratch , '' i say , blotting the blood with the sleeve of my sweatshirt . 
 `` let 's roll , then , '' tack says , and sighs . 
 he guns the engine and pulls out into the street , gray and blurry with old rain . 
 i keep my sleeve pressed to the side of my face to stanch the bleeding . 
 we make it all the way to the west side highway before tack speaks again . 
 `` it 's a risk , taking him back with us , '' he says in a low voice . 
 `` julian fineman . 
 shit . 
 a big risk . '' 
 `` i 'll take responsibility . '' 
 i turn my face to the window . 
 i can see the ghost-outlines of my reflection , feel the hum of cold air through the glass . 
 `` she 's important to you , is n't she ? 
 lena , i mean . '' 
 tack 's voice stays quiet . 
 `` she 's important to the movement , '' i answer , and see the ghost-girl speak too , her teeth flashing , superimposed over passing images of the city . 
 tack does n't say anything for a second . 
 then i feel his hand on my knee . 
 `` i would have done it for you , too , '' he says , even quieter . 
 `` if you 'd been taken . 
 i would have gone back . 
 i would have risked it . '' 
 i turn to look at him . 
 `` you already did come back for me , '' i say . 
 i remember that first kiss , and blue 's warmth between us , and tack 's lips , dry as bone , soft as shadow . 
 i still ca n't say her name , but i think he knows what i 'm thinking . 
 `` you came back for us . '' 
 recently i 've been having the fantasy more and more : the one where tack and i run away , disappear under the wide-open sky into the forest with leaves like green hands , welcoming us . 
 in my fantasy , the more we walk , the cleaner we get , like the woods are rubbing away the past few years , all the blood and the fighting and the scars-sloughing off the bad memories and the false starts , leaving us shiny and new , like dolls just taken out of the package . 
 and in this fantasy , my fantasy life , we find a stone cottage hidden deep in the forest , untouched , fitted with beds and rugs and plates and everything we need to liveg we neo live-like the owners just picked up and walked away , or like the house had been built for us and was just waiting all this time . 
 we fish the stream and hunt the woods in the summer . 
 we grow potatoes and peppers and tomatoes big as pumpkins . 
 in the winter we stay inside by the fire while snow falls around us like a blanket , stilling the world , cocooning it in sleep . 
 we have four kids . 
 maybe five . 
 the first one is a girl , stupid beautiful , and we call her blue . 
 `` where the hell were you ? '' 
 pike 's in my face as soon as we make it back to the warehouse . 
 i do n't like pike . 
 he 's moody and mean and he thinks he can boss me-and everyone else-around . 
 i put a hand on his chest , easing him backward . 
 `` get out of my airspace . '' 
 `` i asked you a question . '' 
 `` do n't talk to her that way , '' tack jumps in , already wound up , ready to go . 
 `` it 's all right . '' 
 i 'm suddenly too tired to argue . 
 i keep thinking of lena 's last words to me . 
 the woman who came for me at salvage ... that 's my mother . 
 did you know ? 
 like i should have known . 
 like it 's my fault lena 's mom moved on without a so long , see you later . 
 but i know it 's deeper than that . 
 i 've always thought of lena as alone , like me . 
 i always saw myself in her a little bit . 
 but she is n't alone . 
 she has a mother , a free mother , a fighter . 
 someone to be proud of . 
 she has family . 
 i close my eyes and take a deep breath , think of a stone cottage all wrapped in a haze of snow . 
 i open my eyes again . 
 `` we had to take care of something , '' tack is saying . 
 `` but we 're all set now , '' i say quickly . 
 i glance over at tack , trying to communicate with my eyes-let it go , drop it , let 's get out of here . 
 `` we almost left without you , '' pike says , still not ready to forgive us . 
 `` give us twenty minutes , '' i say , and at last pike shifts aside and lets us pass . 
 the room where we 've been sleeping has been stripped down : cots dismantled , gear packed up . 
 everyone 's getting ready to move on . 
 once the regulators fig . 
 igulatorure out it was invalids who sprang julian-maybe they 've already figured it out-they 'll do a sweep . 
 they 'll come looking up here eventually . 
 there 's no sign of the boy who arrived late last night , the escapee from the crypts . 
 young . 
 quiet type . 
 barely said a word before falling into bed . 
 he looked like he 'd been worked over pretty bad . 
 he 's from lena 's part of the world . 
 i ca n't help but wonder . 
 `` one of my knives is missing , '' tack says . 
 he peels the mattress of the cot away from the frame . 
 that 's where we stash the stuff that matters , the stuff we do n't want other people poking at and looking through . 
 it 's not exactly a hiding place , since everyone does it-more like a boundary . 
 tack starts going crazy , pulling off the thin blankets , thumping out the pillows . 
 `` one of my best knives . '' 
 for a second , the need to tell is overwhelming . 
 it builds like a bubble in my chest . 
 let 's go , i almost say . 
 just you and me . 
 let 's leave the fight behind . 
 instead i say , `` how about you check the van . '' 
 when tack leaves the room , i 'm left alone . 
 suddenly i need to see it again , need to know that it 's true . 
 i squat down and stick my hand in the space between my mattress and the cheap metal frame . 
 after a minute of fumbling , i find it : a small meter , barely bigger than a spoon , carefully wrapped in a plastic bag . 
 it cost me one of tack 's knives and a silver-and-turquoise necklace lena gave to me when she first crossed over ; the trader who agreed to get it for me kept emphasizing the risks . 
 everyone knows it 's impossible to get a pregnancy test nowadays , she was saying . 
 you have to have documentation . 
 letters of approval from the regulatory board . 
 blah , blah , blah . 
 i paid . 
 i had to . 
 i needed to know . 
 i sit back on my heels and smooth down the thin plastic , so i can read the results : two faint parallel lines , like a ladder leading somewhere . 
 pregnant . 
 footsteps sound in the hallway . 
 i quickly stuff the test back under the mattress . 
 my heart is beating heavy , quick . 
 maybe it 's my imagination , but i think i feel another heartbeat , a faint pulse somewhere beneath my rib cage , answering . 
 the first one , we 'll name blue . 
