 lena i 've started dreaming of portland again . 
 since alex reappeared , resurrected but also changed , twisted , like a monster from one of the ghost stories we used to tell as kids , the past has been finding its way in . 
 it bubbles up through the cracks when i 'm not paying attention , and pulls at me with greedy fingers . 
 this is what they warned me about for all those years : the heavy weight in my chest , the nightmare-fragments that follow me even in waking life . 
 i warned you , aunt carol says in my head . 
 we told you , rachel says . 
 you should have stayed . 
 that 's hana , reaching out across an expanse of time , through the murky-thick layers of memory , stretching a weightless hand to me as i am sinking . 
 about two dozen of us came north from new york city : raven , tack , julian and me , and also dani , gordo , and pike , plus fifteen or so others who are largely content to stay quiet and follow directions . 
 and alex. but not my alex : a stranger who never smiles , does n't laugh , and barely speaks . 
 the others , those who were using the warehouse outside white plains as a homestead , scattered south or west . 
 by now , the warehouse has no doubt been totally stripped and abandoned . 
 it is n't safe , not after julian 's rescue . 
 julian fineman is a symbol , and an important one . 
 the zombies will hunt for him . 
 they will want to string the symbol up , and make it bleed meaning , so that others will learn their lesson . 
 we have to be extra careful . 
 hunter , bram , lu , and some of the other members of the old rochester homestead are waiting for us just south of poughkeepsie . 
 it takes us nearly three days to cover the distance ; we are forced to circumnavigate a half-dozen valid cities . 
 then , abruptly , we arrive : the woods simply run out at the edge of an enormous expanse of concrete , webbed with thick fissures , and still marked very faintly with the ghostly white outlines of parking spaces . 
 cars , rusted , picked clean of various parts-rubber tires , bits of metal-still sit in the lot . 
 they look small and faintly ridiculous , like ancient toys left out by a child . 
 the old parking lot flows like gray water in all directions , running up at last against a vast structure of steel and glass : an old shopping mall . 
 a sign in looping cursive script , streaked white with bird shit , reads empire state plaza mall . 
 the reunion is joyful . 
 tack , raven , and i break into a run . 
 bram and hunter are running too , and we intercept them in the middle of the parking lot . 
 i jump on hunter , laughing , and he throws his arms around me and lifts me off my feet . 
 everyone is shouting and talking at once . 
 hunter sets me down , finally , but i keep one arm locked around him , as though he might disappear . 
 i reach out and wrap my other arm around bram , who is shaking hands with tack , and somehow we all end up piled together , jumping and shouting , our bodies interlaced , in the middle of the brilliant sunshine . 
 `` well , well , well . '' 
 we break apart , turn around , and see lu sauntering toward us . 
 her eyebrows are raised . 
 she has let her hair grow long , and brushed it forward , so it pools over her shoulders . 
 `` look what the cat dragged in . '' 
 it 's the first time i 've felt truly happy in days . 
 the short months we have spent apart have changed both hunter and bram . 
 bram is , against all odds , heavier . 
 hunter has new wrinkles at the corners of his eyes , although his smile is as boyish as ever . 
 `` how 's sarah ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` is she here ? '' 
 `` sarah stayed in maryland , '' hunter says . 
 `` the homestead is thirty strong , and she wo n't have to migrate . 
 the resistance is trying to get word to her sister . '' 
 `` what about grandpa and the others ? '' 
 i am breathless , and there is a tight feeling in my chest , as though i am still being squeezed . 
 bram and hunter exchange a small glance . 
 `` grandpa did n't make it , '' hunter says shortly . 
 `` we buried him outside baltimore . '' 
 raven looks away , spits on the pavement . 
 bram adds quickly , `` the others are fine . '' 
 he reaches out and places a finger on my procedural scar , the one he helped me fake to initiate me into the resistance . 
 `` looking good , '' he says , and winks . 
 we decide to camp for the night . 
 there 's clean water a short distance from the old mall , and a wreckage of old houses and business offices that have yielded some usable supplies : a few cans of food still buried in the rubble ; rusted tools ; even a rifle , which hunter found still cradled in a pair of upturned deer hooves , under a mound of collapsed plaster . 
 and one member of our group , henley , a short , quiet woman with a long coil of gray hair , is running a fever . 
 this will give her time to rest . 
 by the end of the day , an argument breaks out about where to go . 
 `` we could split up , '' raven says . 
 she is squatting by the pit she has cleared for the fire , stoking the first , glowing splinters of flame with the charred end of a stick . 
 `` the larger our group , the safer we are , '' tack argues . 
 he has pulled off his fleece and is wearing only a t-shirt , so the ropy muscles of his arms are visible . 
 the days have been warming slowly , and the woods have been coming to life . 
 we can feel the spring coming , like an animal stirring lightly in its sleep , exhaling hot breath . 
 but it 's cold now , when the sun is low and the wilds are swallowed by long purple shadows , when we are no longer moving . 
 the nights are still wintry . 
 `` lena , '' raven barks out . 
 i start . 
 i 've been staring at the beginnings of the fire , watching flame curl around the mass of pine needles , twigs , and brittle leaves . 
 `` go check on the tents , okay ? 
 it 'll be dark soon . '' 
 raven has built the fire in a shallow gully that must once have been a stream , where it will be somewhat sheltered from the wind . 
 she has avoided setting up camp too close to the mall and its haunted spaces ; it looms above the tree line , all twisted black metal and empty eyes , like an alien space ship run aground . 
 up the embankment a dozen yards , julian is helping set up the tents . 
 he has his back to me . 
 he , too , is wearing only a t-shirt . 
 just three days in the wilds have already changed him . 
 his hair is tangled , and a leaf is caught just behind his left ear . 
 he looks skinnier , although he has not had time to lose weight . 
 this is just the effect of being here , in the open , with salvaged , too-big clothing , surrounded by savage wilderness , a perpetual reminder of the fragility of our survival . 
 he is securing a rope to a tree , yanking it taut . 
 our tents are old and have been torn and patched repeatedly . 
 they do n't stand on their own . 
 they must be propped up and strung between trees and coaxed to life , like sails in the wind . 
 gordo is hovering next to julian , watching approvingly . 
 `` do you need any help ? '' 
 i pause a few feet away . 
 julian and gordo turn around . 
 `` lena ! '' 
 julian 's face lights up , then immediately falls again as he realizes i do n't intend to come closer . 
 i brought him here , with me , to this strange new place , and now i have nothing to give him . 
 `` we 're okay , '' gordo says . 
 his hair is bright red , and even though he 's no older than tack , he has a beard that grows to the middle of his chest . 
 `` just finishing up . '' 
 julian straightens up and wipes his palms on the back of his jeans . 
 he hesitates , then comes down the embankment toward me , tucking a strand of hair behind his ear . 
 `` it 's cold , '' he says when he 's a few feet away . 
 `` you should go down to the fire . '' 
 `` i 'm all right , '' i say , but i put my hands into the arms of my wind breaker . 
 the cold is inside me . 
 sitting next to the fire wo n't help . 
 `` the tents look good . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i think i 'm getting the hang of it . '' 
 his smile does n't quite reach his eyes . 
 three days : three days of strained conversation and silence . 
 i know he is wondering what has changed , and whether it can be changed back . 
 i know i 'm hurting him . 
 there are questions he is forcing himself not to ask , and things he is struggling not to say . 
 he is giving me time . 
 he is patient , and gentle . 
 `` you look pretty in this light , '' he says . 
 `` you must be going blind . '' 
 i intend it as a joke , but my voice sounds harsh in the thin air . 
 julian shakes his head , frowning , and looks away . 
 the leaf , a vivid yellow , is still tangled in his hair , behind his ear . 
 in that moment , i 'm desperate to reach out , to remove it , and run my fingers through his hair and laugh with him about it . 
 this is the wilds , i 'll say . 
 did you ever imagine ? 
 and he 'll lace his fingers through mine and squeeze . 
 he 'll say , what would i do without you ? 
 but i ca n't bring myself to move . 
 `` you have a leaf in your hair . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 julian looks startled , as though i 've recalled him from a dream . 
 `` a leaf . 
 in your hair . '' 
 julian runs a hand impatiently through his hair . 
 `` lena , i - '' bang . 
 the sound of a rifle shot makes us both jump . 
 birds start out of the trees behind julian , temporarily darkening the sky all at once , before dispersing into individual shapes . 
 someone says , `` damn . '' 
 dani and alex emerge from the trees beyond the tents . 
 both of them have rifles slung across their shoulders . 
 gordo straightens up . 
 `` deer ? '' 
 he asks . 
 the light is nearly all gone . 
 alex 's hair looks almost black . 
 `` too big for a deer , '' dani says . 
 she is a large woman , broad across the shoulders with a wide , flat forehead and almond-eyes . 
 she reminds me of miyako , who died before we went south last winter . 
 we burned her on a frigid day , just before the first snow . 
 `` bear ? '' 
 gordo asks . 
 `` might have been , '' dani replies shortly . 
 dani is harder-edged than miyako was : she has let the wilds whittle her down , carve her to steel . 
 `` did you hit it ? '' 
 i ask , too eager , though i already know the answer . 
 but i am willing alex to look at me , to speak to me . 
 `` might have just clipped it , '' dani says . 
 `` hard to tell . 
 not enough to stop it , though . '' 
 alex says nothing , does n't register my presence , even . 
 he keeps walking , threading his way through the tents , past julian and me , close enough that i imagine i can smell him-the old smell of grass and sun-dried wood , a portland smell that makes me want to cry out , and bury my face in his chest , and inhale . 
 then he is heading down the embankment as raven 's voice floats up to us : `` dinner 's on . 
 eat up or miss out . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 julian grazes my elbow with his fingertips . 
 gentle , patient . 
 my feet turn me , and move me down the embankment , toward the fire , which is now burning hot and strong ; toward the boy who becomes shadow standing next to it , blotted out by the smoke . 
 that is what alex is now : a shadow-boy , an illusion . 
 for three days he has not spoken to me or looked at me at all . 
 hana want to know my deep , dark secret ? 
 in sunday school , i used to cheat on the quizzes . 
 i could never get into the book of shhh , not even as a kid . 
 the only section of the book that interested me at all was legends and grievances , which is full of folktales about the world before the cure . 
 my favorite story , the story of solomon , goes like this : once upon a time , during the days of sickness , two women and an infant went before the king . 
 each woman claimed that the infant was hers . 
 both refused to give the child to the other woman and pleaded their cases passionately , each claiming that she would die of grief if the baby were not returned solely to her possession . 
 the king , whose name was solomon , listened to both their speeches , and at last announced that he had a fair solution . 
 `` we will cut the baby in two , '' he said , `` and that way each of you will have a portion . '' 
 the women agreed that this was just , and so the executioner was brought forward , and with his ax , he sliced the baby cleanly in two . 
 and the baby never cried , or so much as made a sound , and the mothers looked on , and afterward , for a thousand years , there was a spot of blood on the palace floor that could never be cleaned or diluted by any substance on earth ... . 
 i must have been only eight or nine when i read that passage for the first time , but it really struck me . 
 for days i could n't get the image of that poor baby out of my head . 
 i kept picturing it split open on the tile floor , like a butterfly pinned behind glass . 
 that 's what 's so great about the story . 
 it 's real . 
 what i mean is , even if it did n't actually happen-and there 's debate about the legends and grievances section , and whether it 's historically accurate-it shows the world truthfully . 
 i remember feeling just like that baby : torn apart by feeling , split in two , caught between loyalties and desires . 
 that 's how the diseased world is . 
 that 's how it was for me , before i was cured . 
 in exactly twenty-one days , i 'll be married . 
 my mother looks as though she might cry , and i almost hope that she will . 
 i 've seen her cry twice in my life : once when she broke her ankle and once last year , when she came outside and found that protesters had climbed the gate , and torn up our lawn , and pried her beautiful car into pieces . 
 in the end she says only , `` you look lovely , hana . '' 
 and then : `` it 's a little too big in the waist , though . '' 
 mrs. killegan-call me anne , she simpered , the first time we came for a fitting-circles me quietly , pinning and adjusting . 
 she is tall , with faded blond hair and a pinched look , as though over the years she has accidentally ingested various pins and sewing needles . 
 `` you 're sure you want to go with the cap sleeves ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i say , just as my mom says , `` you think they look too young ? '' 
 mrs. killegan-anne-gestures expressively with one long , bony hand . 
 `` the whole city will be watching , '' she says . 
 `` the whole country , '' my mother corrects her . 
 `` i like the sleeves , '' i say , and i almost add , it 's my wedding . 
 but that is n't true anymore-not since the incidents in january , and mayor hargrove 's death . 
 my wedding belongs to the people now . 
 that 's what everybody has been telling me for weeks . 
 yesterday we got a phone call from the national news service , asking whether they could syndicate footage , or send in their own television crew to film the ceremony . 
 now , more than ever , the country needs its symbols . 
 we are standing in front of a three-sided mirror ; my mother 's frown is reflected from three different angles . 
 `` mrs. killegan 's right , '' she says , touching my elbow . 
 `` let 's see how it looks at three-quarters , okay ? '' 
 i know better than to argue . 
 three reflections nod simultaneously ; three identical girls with identical ropes of braided blond in three identical white , floor-skimming dresses . 
 already , i hardly recognize myself . 
 i 've been transfigured by the dress , by the bright lights in the dressing room . 
 for all my life i have been hana tate . 
 but the girl in the mirror is not hana tate . 
 she is hana hargrove , soon-to-be wife of the soon-to-be mayor , and a symbol of all that is right about the cured world . 
 a path and a road for everyone . 
 `` let me see what i have in the back , '' mrs. killegan says . 
 `` we 'll slip you into a different style , just so you 'll have a comparison . '' 
 she slides across the worn gray carpet and disappears into the storeroom . 
 through the open door , i see dozens of dresses sheathed in plastic , dangling limply from garment racks . 
 my mother sighs . 
 we 've been here for two hours already , and i 'm starting to feel like a scarecrow : stuffed and poked and stitched . 
 my mother sits on a faded footstool next to the mirrors , holding her purse primly in her lap so it wo n't touch the carpet . 
 mrs. killegan 's has always been the nicest wedding shop in portland , but it , too , has clearly felt the lingering effects of the incidents , and the security crackdowns the government implemented in their aftermath . 
 money is tighter for practically everybody , and it shows . 
 one of the overhead bulbs is out , and the shop has a musty smell , as though it has not been cleaned recently . 
 on one wall , a pattern of moisture has begun bubbling the wallpaper , and earlier i noticed a large brown stain on one of the striped settees . 
 mrs. killegan caught me looking and casually tossed a shawl down to conceal it . 
 `` you really do look lovely , hana , '' my mother says . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 i know i look lovely . 
 it might sound egotistical , but it 's the truth . 
 this , too , has changed since my cure . 
 when i was uncured , even though people always told me i was pretty , i never felt it . 
 but after the cure , a wall came down inside me . 
 now i see that yes , i am quite simply and inarguably beautiful . 
 i also no longer care . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 mrs. killegan reemerges from the back , holding several plastic-swathed gowns over her arm . 
 i swallow a sigh , but not quickly enough . 
 mrs. killegan places a hand on my arm . 
 `` do n't worry , dear , '' she says . 
 `` we 'll find the perfect dress . 
 that 's what this is all about , is n't it ? '' 
 i arrange my face into a smile , and the pretty girl in the mirror arranges her face with me . 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 perfect dress . 
 perfect match . 
 a perfect lifetime of happiness . 
 perfection is a promise , and a reassurance that we are not wrong . 
 mrs. killegan 's shop is in old port , and as we emerge onto the street i inhale the familiar scents of dried seaweed and old wood . 
 the day is bright , but the wind is cold off the bay . 
 only a few boats are bobbing in the water , mostly fishing vessels or commercial rigs . 
 from a distance , the scat-splattered wood moorings look like reeds growing out of the water . 
 the street is empty except for two regulators and tony , our bodyguard . 
 my parents decided to employ security services just after the incidents , when fred hargrove 's father , the mayor , was killed , and it was decided that i should leave college and get married as soon as possible . 
 now tony comes everywhere with us . 
 on his days off , he sends his brother , rick , as a substitute . 
 it took me a month to be able to distinguish between them . 
 they both have thick , short necks and shiny bald heads . 
 neither of them speaks much , and when they do , they never have anything interesting to say . 
 that was one of my biggest fears about the cure : that the procedure would switch me off somehow , and inhibit my ability to think . 
 but it 's the opposite . 
 i think more clearly now . 
 in some ways , i even feel things more clearly . 
 i used to feel with a kind of feverishness ; i was filled with panic and anxiety and competing desires . 
 there were nights i could hardly sleep , days when i felt like my insides were trying to crawl out of my throat . 
 i was infected . 
 now the infection has gone . 
 tony has been leaning against the car . 
 i wonder if he has been standing in that position for all three hours we 've been in mrs. killegan 's . 
 he straightens up as we approach , and opens the door for my mother . 
 `` thank you , tony , '' she says . 
 `` was there any trouble ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she gets into the backseat , and i slide in after her . 
 we 've had this car for only two months-a replacement for the one that was vandalized-and just a few days after it arrived , my mom came out of the grocery store to find that someone had keyed the word pig into the paint . 
 secretly , i think that my mom 's real motivation for hiring tony was a desire to protect the new car . 
 after tony shuts the door , the world outside the tinted windows gets tinged a dark blue . 
 he turns the radio to the nns , the national news source . 
 the commentators ' voices are familiar and reassuring . 
 i lean my head back and watch the world begin to move . 
 i have lived in portland all my life and have memories of almost every street and every corner . 
 but these , too , seem distant now , safely submerged in the past . 
 a lifetime ago i used to sit on those picnic benches with lena , luring seagulls with bread crumbs . 
 we talked about flying . 
 we talked about escape . 
 it was kid stuff , make-believe talk , like believing in unicorns and magic . 
 i never thought she would actually do it . 
 my stomach cramps . 
 i realize i have n't eaten since breakfast . 
 i must be hungry . 
 `` busy week , '' my mother says . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` and do n't forget , the post wants to interview you this afternoon . '' 
 `` i have n't forgotten . '' 
 `` now we just need to find you a dress for fred 's inauguration , and we 'll be all set . 
 or did you decide to go with the yellow one we saw in lava last week ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet , '' i say . 
 `` what do you mean , you 're not sure ? 
 the inauguration 's in five days , hana . 
 everyone will be looking at you . '' 
 `` the yellow one , then . '' 
 `` of course , i have no idea what i 'll wear ... . '' 
 we 've passed into the west end , our old neighborhood . 
 historically , the west end has been home to many of the higher-ups in the church and the medical field : priests of the church of the new order , government officials , doctors and researchers at the labs . 
 that 's no doubt why it was targeted so heavily during the riots following the incidents . 
 the riots were quelled quickly ; there 's still much debate about whether the riots represented an actual movement or whether they were a result of misdirected anger and the passions we 're trying so hard to eradicate . 
 still , many families felt that the west end was too close to downtown , too close to some of the more troubled neighborhoods , where many of the sympathizers and resisters are concealed . 
 many families , like ours , have moved off-peninsula now . 
 `` do n't forget , hana , we 're supposed to speak with the caterers on monday . '' 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 we take danforth to vaughan , our old street . 
 i lean forward slightly , trying to catch a glimpse of our old house , but the andersons ' evergreen conceals it almost entirely from view , and all i get is a flash of the green-gabled roof . 
 our house , like the andersons ' beside it and the richards ' opposite , is empty and will probably remain so . 
 still , we see not a single for sale sign . 
 no one can afford to buy . 
 fred says that the economic freeze will remain in place for at least a few years , until things begin to stabilize . 
 for now , the government needs to reassert control . 
 people need to be reminded of their place . 
 i wonder if the mice are already finding their way into my old room , leaving droppings on the polished wood floors , and whether spiders have started webbing up the corners . 
 soon the house will look like 37 brooks , barren , almost chewed-looking , collapsing slowly from termite rot . 
 another change : i can think about 37 brooks now , and lena , and alex , without the old strangled feeling . 
 `` and i 'll bet you never reviewed the guest list i left in your room ? '' 
 `` i have n't had time , '' i say absently , keeping my eyes on the landscape skating by our window . 
 we maneuver onto congress , and the neighborhood changes quickly . 
 soon we pass one of portland 's two gas stations , around which a group of regulators stands guard , guns pointing toward the sky ; then dollar stores and a laundromat with a faded orange awning ; a dingy-looking deli . 
 suddenly my mom leans forward , putting one hand on the back of tony 's seat . 
 `` turn this up , '' she says sharply . 
 he adjusts a dial on the dashboard . 
 the radio voice gets louder . 
 `` following the recent outbreak in waterbury , connecticut - '' `` god , '' my mother says . 
 `` not another one . '' '' 
 - all citizens , particularly those in the southeast quadrants , have been strongly encouraged to evacuate to temporary housing in neighboring bethlehem . 
 bill ardury , chief of special forces , offered reassurances to worried citizens . 
 ` the situation is under control , ' he said during his seven-minute address . 
 ` state and municipal military personnel are working together to contain the disease and to ensure that the area is cordoned off , cleansed , and sanitized as soon as possible . 
 there is absolutely no reason to fear further contamination - '' `` that 's enough , '' my mother says abruptly , sitting back . 
 `` i ca n't listen anymore . '' 
 tony begins fiddling with the radio . 
 most stations are just static . 
 last month , the big story was the government 's discovery of several wavelengths that had been co-opted by invalids for their use . 
 we were able to intercept and decode several critical messages , which led to a triumphant raid in chicago , and the arrest of several key invalids . 
 one of them was responsible for planning the explosion in washington , dc , last fall , a blast that killed twenty-seven people , including a mother and a child . 
 i was glad when the invalids were executed . 
 some people complained that lethal injection was too humane for convicted terrorists , but i thought it sent a powerful message : we are not the evil ones . 
 we are reasonable and compassionate . 
 we stand for fairness , structure , and organization . 
 it 's the other side , the uncureds , who bring the chaos . 
 `` it 's really disgusting , '' my mother says . 
 `` if we 'd started bombing when the trouble first-tony , look out ! '' 
 tony slams on the brakes . 
 the tires screech . 
 i go shooting forward , narrowly avoiding cracking my forehead on the headrest in front of me before my seat belt jerks me backward . 
 there is a heavy thump . 
 the air smells like burned rubber . 
 `` shit , '' my mother is saying . 
 `` shit . 
 what in god 's name - ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ma'am , i did n't see her . 
 she came out from between the dumpsters ... . '' 
 a young girl is standing in front of the car , her hands resting flat on the hood . 
 her hair is tented around her thin , narrow face , and her eyes are huge and terrified . 
 she looks vaguely familiar . 
 tony rolls down his window . 
 the smell of the dumpsters-there are several of them , lined up next to one another-floats into the car , sweet and rotten . 
 my mother coughs , and cups a palm over her nose . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 tony calls out , craning his head out the window . 
 the girl does n't respond . 
 she is panting , practically hyperventilating . 
 her eyes skate from tony to my mother in the backseat , and then to me . 
 a shock runs through me . 
 jenny . 
 lena 's oldest cousin . 
 i have n't seen her since last summer , and she 's much thinner . 
 she looks older , too . 
 but it 's unmistakably her . 
 i recognize the flare of her nostrils , her proud , pointed chin , and the eyes . 
 she recognizes me , too . 
 i can tell . 
 before i can say anything , she wrenches her hands off the car hood and darts across the street . 
 she 's wearing an old , ink-stained backpack that i recognize as one of lena 's hand-me-downs . 
 across one of its pockets two names are colored in black bubble letters : lena 's , and mine . 
 we penned them onto her bag in seventh grade , when we were bored in class . 
 that 's the day we first came up with our little code word , our pump-you-up cheer , which later we called out to each other at cross-country meets . 
 halena . 
 a combination of both our names . 
 `` for heaven 's sake . 
 you 'd think the girl was old enough to know not to dart in front of traffic . 
 she nearly gave me a heart attack . '' 
 `` i know her , '' i say automatically . 
 i ca n't shake the image of jenny 's huge , dark eyes , her pale skeleton-face . 
 `` what do you mean , you know her ? '' 
 my mother turns to me . 
 i close my eyes and try to think of peaceful things . 
 the bay . 
 seagulls wheeling against a blue sky . 
 rivers of spotless white fabric . 
 but instead i see jenny 's eyes , the sharp angles of her cheek and chin . 
 `` her name is jenny , '' i say . 
 `` she 's lena 's cousin - '' `` watch your mouth , '' my mom cuts me off sharply . 
 i realize , too late , that i should n't have said anything . 
 lena 's name is worse than a curse word in our family . 
 for years , mom was proud of my friendship with lena . 
 she saw it as a testament to her liberalism . 
 we do n't judge the girl because of her family , she would tell guests when they brought it up . 
 the disease is n't genetic ; that 's an old idea . 
 she took it as almost a personal insult when lena contracted the disease and managed to escape before she could be treated , as though lena had deliberately done it to make her look stupid . 
 all those years we let her into our house , she would say out of nowhere , in the days following lena 's escape . 
 even though we knew what the risks were . 
 everyone warned us ... . 
 well , i guess we should have listened . 
 `` she looked thin , '' i say . 
 `` home , tony . '' 
 my mom leans her head against the headrest and closes her eyes , and i know the conversation is over . 
 lena i wake in the middle of the night from a nightmare . 
 in it , grace was trapped beneath the floorboards in our old bedroom in aunt carol 's house . 
 there was shouting from downstairs-a fire . 
 the room was full of smoke . 
 i was trying to get to grace , to rescue her , but her hand kept slipping from my grasp . 
 my eyes were burning , and the smoke was choking me , and i knew if i did n't run , i would die . 
 but she was crying and screaming for me to save her , save her ... . 
 i sit up . 
 i repeat raven 's mantra in my head-the past is dead , it does n't exist-but it does n't help . 
 i ca n't shake the feeling of grace 's tiny hand , wet with sweat , slipping from my grip . 
 the tent is overcrowded . 
 dani is pressed up on one side of me , and there are three women curled up against her . 
 julian has his own tent for now . 
 it is a small bit of courtesy . 
 they are giving him time to adjust , as they did when i first escaped to the wilds . 
 it takes time to get used to the feeling of closeness , and bodies constantly bumping yours . 
 there is no privacy in the wilds , and there can be no modesty , either . 
 i could have joined julian in his tent . 
 i know that he expected me to , after what we shared underground : the kidnapping , the kiss . 
 i brought him here , after all . 
 i rescued him and pulled him into this new life , a life of freedom and feeling . 
 there is nothing to stop me from sleeping next to him . 
 the cureds-the zombies-would say that we are already infected . 
 we wallow in our filth , the way that pigs wallow in muck . 
 who knows ? 
 maybe they 're right . 
 maybe we are driven crazy by our feelings . 
 maybe love is a disease , and we would be better off without it . 
 but we have chosen a different road . 
 and in the end that is the point of escaping the cure : we are free to choose . 
 we are even free to choose the wrong thing . 
 i wo n't be able to go back to sleep right away . 
 i need air . 
 i ease out from under the tangle of sleeping bags and blankets and fumble in the dark for the tent flap . 
 i wriggle out of the tent on my stomach , trying not to make too much noise . 
 behind me , dani kicks in her sleep and mutters something unintelligible . 
 the night is cool . 
 the sky is clear and cloudless . 
 the moon looks closer than usual , and it paints everything with a silvery glow , like a fine layering of snow . 
 i stand for a moment , relishing the feeling of stillness and quiet : the peaks of the tents touched with moonlight ; the low-hanging branches , just barely budding with new leaves ; the occasional hooting of an owl in the distance . 
 in one of the tents , julian is sleeping . 
 and in another : alex. i move away from the tents . 
 i head down toward the gully , past the remains of the campfire , which by now is nothing more than charred bits of blackened wood and a few smoking embers . 
 the air still smells , faintly , like scorched metal and beans . 
 i 'm not sure where i 'm going , and it 's stupid to wander from camp-raven has warned me a million times against it . 
 at night , the wilds belong to the animals , and it 's easy to get turned around , lost among the growth , the slalom of trees . 
 but i have an itch in my blood , and the night is so clear , i have no trouble navigating . 
 i hop down into the dried-out riverbed , which is covered in a layer of rocks and leaves and , occasionally , a relic from the old life : a dented metal soda can , a plastic bag , a child 's shoe . 
 i walk south for a few hundred feet , where i 'm prevented from going farther by an enormous , felled oak . 
 its trunk is so wide that , horizontal , it nearly reaches my chest ; a vast network of roots arch up toward the sky like a dark pinwheel spray of water from a fountain . 
 there 's a rustling behind me . 
 i whip around . 
 a shadow shifts , turns solid , and for a second my heart stops-i 'm not protected ; i have no weapons , nothing to fend off a hungry animal . 
 then the shadow emerges into the open and takes the shape of a boy . 
 in the moonlight , it 's impossible to tell that his hair is the exact color of leaves in the autumn : golden brown , and shot through with red . 
 `` oh , '' alex says . 
 `` it 's you . '' 
 these are the first words he has spoken to me in four days . 
 there are a thousand things i want to say to him . 
 please understand . 
 please forgive me . 
 i prayed every day for you to be alive , until the hope became painful . 
 do n't hate me . 
 i still love you . 
 but all that comes out is : `` i could n't sleep . '' 
 alex must remember that i was always troubled by nightmares . 
 we talked about it a lot during our summer together in portland . 
 last summer-less than a year ago . 
 it 's impossible to imagine the vast distance i 've covered since that time , the landscape that has formed between us . 
 `` i could n't sleep either , '' alex says simply . 
 just this , the simple statement , and the fact that he is speaking to me at all , loosens something inside me . 
 i want to hold him , to kiss him the way i used to . 
 `` i thought you were dead , '' i say . 
 `` it almost killed me . '' 
 `` did it ? '' 
 his voice is neutral . 
 `` you made a pretty fast recovery . '' 
 `` no . 
 you do n't understand . '' 
 my throat is tight ; i feel as though i 'm being strangled . 
 `` i could n't keep hoping , and then waking up every day and finding out it was n't true , and you were still gone . 
 i-i was n't strong enough . '' 
 he is quiet for a second . 
 it 's too dark to see his expression : he is standing in shadow again , but i can sense that he is staring at me . 
 finally he says , `` when they took me to the crypts , i thought they were going to kill me . 
 they did n't even bother . 
 they just left me to die . 
 they threw me in a cell and locked the door . '' 
 `` alex. '' the strangled feeling has moved from my throat to my chest , and without realizing it , i have begun to cry . 
 i move toward him . 
 i want to run my hands through his hair and kiss his forehead and each of his eyelids and take away the memory of what he has seen . 
 but he steps backward , out of reach . 
 `` i did n't die . 
 i do n't know how . 
 i should have . 
 i 'd lost plenty of blood . 
 they were just as surprised as i was . 
 after that it became a kind of game-to see how much i could stand . 
 to see how much they could do to me before i 'd - '' he breaks off abruptly . 
 i ca n't hear any more ; do n't want to know , do n't want it to be true , ca n't stand to think of what they did to him there . 
 i take another step forward and reach for his chest and shoulders in the dark . 
 this time , he does n't push me away . 
 but he does n't embrace me either . 
 he stands there , cold , still , like a statue . 
 `` alex. '' i repeat his name like a prayer , like a magic spell that will make everything okay again . 
 i run my hands up his chest and to his chin . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm so , so sorry . '' 
 suddenly he jerks backward , simultaneously finding my wrists and pulling them down to my sides . 
 `` there were days i would rather they have killed me . '' 
 he does n't drop my wrists ; he squeezes them tightly , pinning my arms , keeping me immobilized . 
 his voice is low , urgent , and so full of anger it pains me even more than his grip . 
 `` there were days i asked for it-prayed for it when i went to sleep . 
 the belief that i would see you again , that i could find you-the hope for it-was the only thing that kept me going . '' 
 he releases me and takes another step backward . 
 `` so no . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` alex , please . '' 
 he balls his fists . 
 `` stop saying my name . 
 you do n't know me anymore . '' 
 `` i do know you . '' 
 i 'm still crying , swallowing back spasms in my throat , struggling to breathe . 
 this is a nightmare and i will wake up . 
 this is a monster-story , and he has come back to me a terror-creation , patched together , broken and hateful , and i will wake up and he will be here , and whole , and mine again . 
 i find his hands , lace my fingers through his even as he tries to pull away . 
 `` it 's me , alex. lena . 
 your lena . 
 remember ? 
 remember 37 brooks , and the blanket we used to keep in the backyard - '' `` do n't , '' he says . 
 his voice breaks on the word . 
 `` and i always beat you in scrabble , '' i say . 
 i have to keep talking , and keep him here , and make him remember . 
 `` because you always let me win . 
 and remember how we had a picnic one time , and the only thing we could find from the store was canned spaghetti and some green beans ? 
 and you said to mix them - '' `` do n't . '' 
 `` and we did , and it was n't bad . 
 we ate the whole stupid can , we were so hungry . 
 and when it started to get dark you pointed to the sky , and told me there was a star for every thing you loved about me . '' 
 i 'm gasping , feeling as though i am about to drown ; i 'm reaching for him blindly , grabbing at his collar . 
 `` stop . '' 
 he grabs my shoulders . 
 his face is an inch from mine but unrecognizable : a gross , contorted mask . 
 `` just stop . 
 no more . 
 it 's done , okay ? 
 that 's all done now . '' 
 `` alex , please - '' `` stop ! '' 
 his voice rings out sharply , hard as a slap . 
 he releases me and i stumble backward . 
 `` alex is dead , do you hear me ? 
 all of that-what we felt , what it meant-that 's done now , okay ? 
 buried . 
 blown away . '' 
 `` alex ! '' 
 he has started to turn away ; now he whirls around . 
 the moon lights him stark white and furious , a camera image , two-dimensional , gripped by the flash . 
 `` i do n't love you , lena . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i never loved you . '' 
 the air goes . 
 everything goes . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 i 'm crying so hard , i can hardly speak . 
 he takes one step toward me . 
 and now i do n't recognize him at all . 
 he has transformed entirely , turned into a stranger . 
 `` it was a lie . 
 okay ? 
 it was all a lie . 
 craziness , like they always said . 
 just forget about it . 
 forget it ever happened . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 i do n't know how i stay on my feet , why i do n't shatter into dust right there , why my heart keeps beating when i want it so badly to stop . 
 `` please do n't do this , alex. '' `` stop saying my name . '' 
 then we both hear it : the crack and rustle of leaves behind us , the sound of something large moving through the woods . 
 alex 's expression changes . 
 the anger drops away and is replaced by something else : a frozen tenseness , like a deer just before it startles . 
 `` do n't move , lena , '' he says quietly , but his words are laced with urgency . 
 even before i turn around , i can feel the looming shape behind me , the snuffle of animal breath , the hunger-craving , impersonal . 
 a bear . 
 it has picked its way into the gully and is now no more than four feet away from us . 
 it is a black bear , its matted fur streaked silver in the moonlight , and big : five or six feet long , and , even on all four legs , almost as high as my shoulder . 
 it looks from alex to me , and back to alex. its eyes are just like pieces of carved onyx , dull , lifeless . 
 two things strike me at once : the bear is skinny , starving . 
 the winter has been hard . 
 also : it is not afraid of us . 
 a jolt of fear shocks through me , shorting out the pain , shorting out all other thoughts besides one : i should have brought a gun . 
 the bear takes another step forward , swinging its massive head back and forth , evaluating us . 
 i can see its breath steaming in the cold air , its peaked shoulder blades high and sharp . 
 `` all right , '' alex says , in that same low voice . 
 he 's standing behind me , and i can feel the tension in his body-ramrod straight , petrified . 
 `` let 's take it easy . 
 real slow . 
 we 're going to back away , all right ? 
 nice and slowly . '' 
 he takes a single step backward and just that , that little movement , makes the bear tense up in a crouch , baring its teeth , which glisten bone white in the moonlight . 
 alex freezes again . 
 the bear begins to growl . 
 it is so close that i can feel the heat from its massive body , smell the sourness of its starving breath . 
 i should have brought a gun . 
 no way to turn and run ; that makes us prey , and the bear is looking for prey . 
 stupid . 
 that is the rule of the wilds : you must be bigger and stronger and tougher . 
 you must hurt or be hurt . 
 the bear swings forward another step , still growling . 
 every muscle in my body is an alarm , screaming at me to run , but i stay rooted in place , forcing myself not to move , not to twitch . 
 the bear hesitates . 
 i wo n't run . 
 so maybe not prey , then . 
 it pulls back an inch-an advantage , a tiny concession . 
 i take it . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i bark , as loud as i can , and bring my arms above my head , trying to make myself look as large as possible . 
 `` hey ! 
 get out of here ! 
 go on . 
 go . '' 
 the bear withdraws another inch , confused , startled . 
 `` i said go . '' 
 i reach out and strike against the nearest tree with my foot , sending a spray of bark in the bear 's direction . 
 as the bear still hesitates , uncertain-but not growling now , on the defensive , confused-i drop down into a crouch and scoop up the first rock i can get my fist around , and then i 'm up and chucking it , hard . 
 it connects just below the bear 's left shoulder with a heavy thud . 
 the bear shuffles backward , whimpering . 
 then it turns and bounds off into the woods , a fast black blur . 
 `` holy shit , '' alex bursts out behind me . 
 he exhales , long and loud , bends over , straightens up again . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 the adrenaline , the release of tension , has made him forget ; for a second , the new mask is dropped , and a glimpse of the old alex is revealed . 
 i feel a brief surge of nausea . 
 i keep thinking of the bear 's wounded , desperate eyes , and the heavy thud of the rock against its shoulder . 
 but i had no choice . 
 it is the rule of the wilds . 
 `` that was crazy . 
 you 're crazy . '' 
 alex shakes his head . 
 `` the old lena would have bolted . '' 
 you must be bigger , and stronger , and tougher . 
 a coldness radiates through me , a solid wall that is growing , piece by piece , in my chest . 
 he does n't love me . 
 he never loved me . 
 it was all a lie . 
 `` the old lena is dead , '' i say , and then push past him , back down through the gully toward the camp . 
 each step is more difficult than the last ; the heaviness fills me and turns my limbs to stone . 
 you must hurt , or be hurt . 
 alex does n't follow me , and i do n't expect him to . 
 i do n't care where he goes , whether he stays in the woods all night , whether he never returns to camp . 
 as he said , all of that-the caring-is done now . 
 it 's not until i 've almost reached the tents that i begin crying again . 
 the tears come all at once , and i have to stop walking and double up into a crouch . 
 i want to bleed all the feelings out of me . 
 for a second i think about how easy it would be to pass back to the other side , to walk straight into the laboratories and offer myself up to the surgeons . 
 you were right ; i was wrong . 
 get it out . 
 `` lena ? '' 
 i look up . 
 julian has emerged from his tent . 
 i must have woken him . 
 his hair is sticking up at crazy angles , like the broken spokes of a wheel , and his feet are bare . 
 i straighten up , swiping my nose on the sleeve of my sweatshirt . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i say , still hiccuping back tears . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 for a minute he stands there , looking at me , and i can tell that he knows why i 'm crying , and he understands , and it 's going to be all right . 
 he opens his arms to me . 
 `` come here , '' he says quietly . 
 i ca n't move to him fast enough . 
 i practically fall into him . 
 he catches me and pulls me in tightly to his chest , and i let myself go again , let sobs run through me . 
 he stands there with me and murmurs into my hair and kisses the top of my head and lets me cry over losing another boy , a boy i loved better . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say over and over into his chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his shirt smells like smoke from the fire , like mulch and spring growth . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he whispers back . 
 when i 've calmed down a little , julian takes my hand . 
 i follow him into the dark cave of his tent , which smells like his shirt but even more so . 
 i lie down on top of his sleeping bag and he lies down beside me , making a perfect seashell arc for my body . 
 i curl up in this space-safe , warm-and let the last tears i will ever cry for alex flow hot over my cheeks , and down into the ground , and away . 
 hana hana . '' 
 my mother is looking at me expectantly . 
 `` fred asked you to pass the green beans . '' 
 `` sorry , '' i say , forcing a smile . 
 last night , i hardly slept . 
 i even had little snatches of dream-bare wisps of image that skittered away before i could focus on them . 
 i reach for the glazed ceramic dish-like everything in the hargrove house , it is beautiful-even though fred is more than capable of reaching it himself . 
 this is part of the ritual . 
 soon i will be his wife , and we will sit like this every night , performing a well-choreographed dance . 
 fred smiles at me . 
 `` tired ? '' 
 he says . 
 in the past few months , we have spent many hours together ; our sunday dinner is just one of the many ways we have begun practicing merging our lives . 
 i 've spent a long time scrutinizing his features , trying to figure out whether he is attractive , and in the end i have come up with this : he is very pleasant to look at . 
 he is not as attractive as i am , but he is smarter , and i like his dark hair , and the way it falls over his right eyebrow when he has not had time to smooth it back . 
 `` she looks tired , '' mrs. hargrove says . 
 fred 's mother often talks about me as though i 'm not in the room . 
 i do n't take it personally ; she does it with everybody . 
 fred 's father was mayor for more than three terms . 
 now that mr. hargrove is dead , fred has been groomed to take his place . 
 since the incidents in january , fred campaigned tirelessly for nomination and appointment , and it paid off . 
 only a week ago , a special interim committee appointed him the new mayor . 
 he will be inaugurated publicly early next week . 
 mrs. hargrove is used to being the most important woman in the room . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say . 
 lena always said that i could lie my way out of hell . 
 the truth is , i 'm not fine . 
 i 'm worried that i ca n't stop worrying about jenny and how thin she looked . 
 i 'm worried that i 've been thinking of lena again . 
 `` of course , the wedding preparations are very stressful , '' my mother says . 
 my father grunts . 
 `` you 're not the one writing the checks . '' 
 this makes everybody laugh . 
 the room is suddenly illuminated by a brief flash of light from outside : a journalist , parked in the bushes directly outside the window , is snapping our picture , which will then be sold to local newspapers and tv stations . 
 mrs. hargrove has arranged for paparazzi to be here tonight . 
 she tipped the photographers off to the location of a dinner that fred arranged for us on new year 's eve . 
 photo opportunities are arranged and carefully plotted , so the public can watch our emerging story and see the happiness we 've achieved by being paired so perfectly together . 
 and i am happy with fred . 
 we get along very well . 
 we like the same things ; we have a lot to talk about . 
 that 's why i 'm worried : everything will go up in smoke if the procedure has not worked correctly . 
 `` i heard on the radio that they 've evacuated parts of waterbury , '' fred says . 
 `` parts of san francisco , too . 
 riots broke out over the weekend . '' 
 `` please , fred , '' mrs. hargrove says . 
 `` do we really have to talk about this at dinner ? '' 
 `` it wo n't help to ignore it , '' fred says , turning to her . 
 `` that 's what dad did . 
 and look what happened . '' 
 `` fred . '' 
 mrs. hargrove 's voice is strained , but she manages to keep smiling . 
 click . 
 just for a second , the dining room walls are lit up by the camera 's flash . 
 `` it really is n't the time - '' `` we ca n't pretend anymore . '' 
 fred looks around the table , as though appealing to each of us . 
 i drop my eyes . 
 `` the resistance exists . 
 it may even be growing . 
 an epidemic-that 's what this is . '' 
 `` they 've cordoned off most of waterbury , '' my mother says . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll do the same in san francisco . '' 
 fred shakes his head . 
 `` this is n't just about the infected . 
 that 's the problem . 
 there 's a whole system of sympathizers-a network of support . 
 i wo n't do what dad did , '' he says with sudden fierceness . 
 mrs. hargrove has gone very still . 
 `` for years there were rumors that the invalids still existed , that their numbers were growing , even . 
 you know it . 
 dad knew it . 
 but he refused to believe . '' 
 i keep my head bent over my plate . 
 a piece of lamb is sitting , untouched , next to green beans and fresh mint jelly . 
 only the best for the hargroves . 
 i pray that the journalists outside do n't take a picture now ; i 'm sure my face is red . 
 everyone at the table knows that my former best friend tried to run off with an invalid , and they know-or suspect-that i covered for her . 
 fred 's voice gets quieter . 
 `` by the time he accepted it-by the time he was willing to act-it was too late . '' 
 he reaches out to touch his mother 's hand , but she picks up her fork and begins eating again , stabbing green beans with such force , the tines of her fork make a sharp , clanging noise against the plate . 
 fred clears his throat . 
 `` well , i refuse to look the other way , '' he says . 
 `` it 's time we all face this head-on . '' 
 `` i just do n't see why we have to talk about it at dinner , '' mrs. hargrove says . 
 `` when we 're having a perfectly nice time - '' `` may i be excused ? '' 
 i ask too sharply . 
 everyone at the table turns to me in surprise . 
 click . 
 i can only imagine what that picture will look like : my mother 's mouth frozen in a perfect o , mrs. hargrove frowning ; my father lifting a bloody piece of lamb to his lips . 
 `` what do you mean , excused ? '' 
 my mother says . 
 `` see ? '' 
 mrs. hargrove sighs and shakes her head at fred . 
 `` you 've made hana unhappy . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's not that . 
 it 's just ... you were right . 
 i 'm not feeling well , '' i say . 
 i ball my napkin on the table and then , seeing my mother 's look , fold it and drape it next to my plate . 
 `` i have a headache . '' 
 `` i hope you 're not coming down with something , '' mrs. hargrove says . 
 `` you ca n't be sick for the inauguration . '' 
 `` she wo n't be sick , '' my mother says quickly . 
 `` i wo n't be sick , '' i parrot . 
 i do n't know exactly what 's wrong with me , but little points of pain are exploding in my head . 
 `` i just need to lie down , i think . '' 
 `` i 'll call tony . '' 
 my mom pushes away from the table . 
 `` no , please . '' 
 more than anything , i want to be left alone . 
 in the past month , since my mother and mrs. hargrove determined that the wedding needed to be fast-tracked , to correspond with fred 's ascension to mayor , it seems the only time i can be alone is when i go to the bathroom . 
 `` i do n't mind walking . '' 
 `` walking ! '' 
 this provokes a miniature eruption . 
 all of a sudden , everyone is speaking at once . 
 my father is saying , out of the question , and my mother says , imagine how that would look . 
 fred leans toward me-it is n't safe right now , hana-and mrs. hargrove says , you must have a fever . 
 in the end , my parents decide that tony will drive me home and return for them later . 
 this is a decent compromise . 
 at least it means i 'll have the house to myself for a bit . 
 i stand up and bring my plate to the kitchen , despite mrs. hargrove 's insistence that the housekeeper be allowed to do it . 
 i scrape food into the trash , and flash back to the smell of the dumpsters yesterday , the way that jenny materialized from between them . 
 `` i hope the conversation did n't upset you . '' 
 i turn around . 
 fred has followed me into the kitchen . 
 he leaves a respectful distance between us . 
 `` it did n't , '' i say . 
 i 'm too tired to reassure him further . 
 i just want to go home . 
 `` you do n't have a fever , do you ? '' 
 fred looks at me steadily . 
 `` you look pale . '' 
 `` i 'm just tired , '' i say . 
 `` good . '' 
 fred puts his hands in his pockets , dark , creased in front , like my father 's . 
 `` i was worried i 'd gotten a defective one . '' 
 i shake my head , sure that i 've misheard him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm kidding . '' 
 fred smiles . 
 he has a dimple in his left cheek , and very nice teeth ; i appreciate that about him . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . '' 
 he leans forward and kisses my cheek . 
 i draw back involuntarily . 
 i 'm still not used to being touched by him . 
 `` go get your beauty sleep . '' 
 `` i will , '' i say , but he 's already pushing out of the kitchen and returning to the dining room , where soon , dessert and coffee will be served . 
 in three weeks , he will be my husband , and this will be my kitchen , and the housekeeper will be mine too . 
 mrs. hargrove will have to listen to me , and i will choose what we eat every day , and there will be nothing left to want . 
 unless fred is right . 
 unless i am a defective one . 
 lena the argument continues : where to go , whether to split up . 
 some members of the group want to loop south again , and then east to waterbury , where there are rumors of a successful resistance movement and a large camp of invalids flourishing in safety . 
 some want to head all the way out to cape cod , which is practically unpopulated and will therefore be a safer place to camp out . 
 a few of us-gordo , in particular-want to continue north and try to make a break across the u.s. border and into canada . 
 in school we were always taught that other countries-places without the cure-had been ravaged by the disease and turned into wastelands . 
 but this , like most other things we were taught , was no doubt a lie . 
 gordo has heard stories from trappers and drifters about canada , and he makes it sound like eden in the book of shhh . 
 `` i say cape cod , '' pike says . 
 he has white-blond hair , ruthlessly trimmed down to the scalp . 
 `` if the bombing begins again - '' `` if the bombing begins again , we wo n't be safe anywhere , '' tack interrupts him . 
 pike and tack are constantly butting heads . 
 `` we 're safer the farther we are from a city , '' pike argues . 
 if the resistance turns into a full-on rebellion , we can expect swift and immediate reprisals from the government . 
 `` we 'll have more time . '' 
 `` to what ? 
 swim across the ocean ? '' 
 tack shakes his head . 
 he is squatting next to raven , who is repairing one of our traps . 
 it 's amazing how happy she looks here , sitting in the dirt , after a long day of hiking and trapping-happier than she did when we lived together in brooklyn , posing as cureds , in our nice apartment with shiny edges and polished hard surfaces . 
 there , she was like one of the women we studied in history class , who laced themselves up in corsets until they could barely breathe or speak : white-faced , stifled . 
 `` look , we ca n't outrun this . 
 we might as well join forces , build our numbers as best we can . '' 
 tack catches my eye across the campfire . 
 i smile at him . 
 i do n't know how much tack and raven have deciphered about what has happened between alex and me , and what our history is-they 've said nothing to me about it-but they have been nicer to me than usual . 
 `` i 'm with tack , '' hunter says . 
 he tosses a bullet into the air , catches it on the back of his hand , then flips it into his palm . 
 `` we could split up , '' raven suggests for the hundredth time . 
 it 's obvious she does n't like pike , or dani , either . 
 in this new group , the lines of dominance have n't been so clearly drawn , and what tack and raven say does n't automatically pass for gospel . 
 `` we 're not splitting up , '' tack says firmly . 
 but immediately he takes the trap from her and says , `` let me help you . '' 
 this is how tack and raven work : it 's their private language of push and return , argument and concession . 
 with the cure , relationships are all the same , and rules and expectations are defined . 
 without the cure , relationships must be reinvented every day , languages constantly decoded and deciphered . 
 freedom is exhausting . 
 `` what do you think , lena ? '' 
 raven asks , and pike , dani , and the others swivel around to look at me . 
 now that i 've proven myself to the resistance , my opinion carries weight . 
 from the shadows , i can sense alex looking at me too . 
 `` cape cod , '' i say , feeding more kindling into the fire . 
 `` the farther we are from the cities , the better , and any advantage is better than none . 
 it 's not like we 'll be alone . 
 there will be other homesteaders there , other groups to join with . '' 
 my voice rings out loudly in the clearing . 
 i wonder if alex has noticed this change : i have gotten louder and more confident . 
 there 's a moment of quiet . 
 raven looks at me thoughtfully . 
 then , abruptly , she turns and shoots a glance over her shoulder . 
 `` what about you , alex ? '' 
 `` waterbury , '' he answers immediately . 
 my stomach knots up . 
 i know it 's stupid-i know the stakes are higher than the two of us-but i ca n't help but feel a flash of anger . 
 of course he disagrees with me . 
 of course . 
 `` it 's no advantage to be cut off from communication and information , '' he says . 
 `` there 's a war on . 
 we can try to deny it , we can try to bury our heads in the sand , but that 's the truth . 
 and the war will find us either way eventually . 
 i say we meet it head-on . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' julian pipes up . 
 i turn to him , startled . 
 he hardly ever speaks in the evenings around the campfire . 
 i do n't think he feels comfortable yet . 
 he is still the newbie , the outsider-and even worse , a convert from the other side . 
 julian fineman , son of the late thomas fineman , founder and head of deliria-free america , and enemy to everything we stand for . 
 it does n't matter that julian turned his back on his family and cause-and nearly gave up his life-to be here with us . 
 i can tell that some people do n't trust him . 
 julian speaks with the measured cadence of a practiced public speaker . 
 `` there 's no point in using avoidance tactics . 
 this wo n't blow over . 
 if the resistance grows , the government and the military will do anything they can to stop it . 
 we 'll have a better chance of fighting back if we put ourselves in the middle of things . 
 otherwise we 'll just be rabbits in a hole , waiting to be flushed out . '' 
 even though julian agrees with alex , he is careful to keep his eyes trained on raven . 
 julian and alex never speak to or even look at each other , and the others are careful not to comment on it . 
 `` i say waterbury , '' lu puts in , which surprises me . 
 last year , she did n't want anything to do with the resistance . 
 she wanted to disappear into the wilds , make a homestead as far as possible from the valid cities . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 raven stands up , brushing off the back of her jeans . 
 `` waterbury it is . 
 any other objections ? '' 
 we 're all silent for a minute , looking at one another , our faces consumed by shadow . 
 no one speaks . 
 i 'm not happy with the decision , and julian must sense it . 
 he puts a hand on my knee and squeezes . 
 `` then it 's decided . 
 tomorrow we can - '' raven is cut off by the sound of shouting , a sudden flurry of voices . 
 we all rise-an instinctive response . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 tack has shouldered his rifle and is scanning the mass of trees that surround us , a tangled wall of branches and vines . 
 the woods have fallen silent again . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 raven holds up a hand . 
 then : `` i need help out here , guys ! '' 
 and then , `` shit . '' 
 there is a collective release , a relaxation of tension . 
 we recognize sparrow 's voice . 
 he wandered away earlier to do his business in the woods . 
 `` we got you , sparrow ! '' 
 pike calls out . 
 figures race into the trees , turning to shadow as soon as they leave the small circumference of brightness cast by the fire . 
 julian and i stay where we are , and i notice that alex does too . 
 there is a confusion of voices and instructions - `` her legs , her legs , grab her legs '' - and then sparrow , tack , pike , and dani are emerging once again into the clearing , each pair saddled with a body . 
 at first i think they are each hauling an animal , bundled in tarps , but then i see a pale white arm , dangling toward the ground , starkly illuminated by the fire , and my stomach turns . 
 people . 
 `` water , get water ! '' 
 `` grab the kit , raven , she 's bleeding . '' 
 for a moment , i 'm paralyzed . 
 as tack and pike place the bodies down on the ground , near the fire , two faces are revealed : one old , dark , weather-beaten ; a woman who has been in the wilds for most of her life , if not all of it . 
 saliva is bubbling at the corners of her mouth , and her breathing is hoarse and full of fluid . 
 the other face is unexpectedly lovely . 
 she must be my age or even a little younger . 
 her skin is the color of the inside of an almond , and her long , dark-brown hair is fanned out behind her in the dirt . 
 for a moment i am jettisoned back to my own escape to the wilds . 
 raven and tack must have found me exactly this way-more dead than not , beaten and bruised . 
 tack swivels around and catches me staring . 
 `` a little help , lena , '' he says sharply . 
 his voice snaps me out of my trance . 
 i go and kneel beside him , next to the older woman . 
 raven , pike , and dani are taking care of the girl . 
 julian hovers behind me . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` we need clean water , '' tack says , without looking up . 
 he has his knife out and is cutting away her shirt . 
 in places it seems almost melded with her skin-and then i see , horrified , that her lower half is badly burned , and her legs covered with open sores and infection . 
 i have to close my eyes for a second and will myself not to be sick . 
 julian brushes my shoulder once with his hand , then goes off in search of the water . 
 `` shit , '' tack mutters , as he uncovers yet another wound ; this one a long , ragged cut along her shin , deep and welling with infection . 
 `` shit . '' 
 the woman lets out a gurgled moan and then falls silent . 
 `` do n't tap out on me now , '' he says . 
 he whips off his wind breaker . 
 sweat glistens on his forehead . 
 we are close to the fire , which the others are stoking higher . 
 `` i need a kit . '' 
 tack grabs a hand towel and begins ripping it into strips , expertly and quickly . 
 these will be tourniquets . 
 `` someone get me a damn kit . '' 
 the heat is a wall next to us . 
 the dark smoke blots out the sky . 
 it weaves its way into my thoughts , too , distorting my impressions , which begin to take on the quality of dream : the voices , the movement , the heat and the smell of bodies , all fractured and senseless . 
 i ca n't tell whether i am kneeling there for minutes or hours . 
 at some point julian returns , carrying a bucket of steaming water . 
 then he leaves and returns again . 
 i am helping to clean the woman 's wounds , and after a time i stop seeing her body as skin and flesh , but as something twisted and warped and weird , like the dark pieces of petrified wood we turn up in the forest . 
 tack tells me what to do and i do it . 
 more water , cold this time . 
 clean cloth . 
 i stand , move , take the objects that are given to me and return with them . 
 more minutes pass ; more hours . 
 at some point i look up and it is not tack next to me , but alex. he is sewing up a cut on the woman 's shoulder , using a regular sewing needle and long , dark thread . 
 he is pale with concentration , but he moves fluidly and quickly . 
 he has obviously had practice . 
 it occurs to me that there is so much i never knew about him-his past , his role in the resistance , what his life was like in the wilds , before he came to portland , and i feel a flash of grief so intense it almost makes me cry out : not for what i lost , but for the chances i missed . 
 our elbows touch . 
 he draws away . 
 the smoke is coating my throat now , making it difficult to swallow . 
 the air smells like ash . 
 i continue cleaning the woman 's wooden legs and body , the way i used to help my aunt polish the mahogany table once a month , carefully and slowly . 
 then alex is gone , and tack is next to me again . 
 he puts his hands on my shoulders and draws me gently backward . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he 's saying . 
 `` leave it . 
 it 's all right . 
 she does n't need you anymore . '' 
 for a second i think , we did it , she 's safe now . 
 but then , as tack pilots me toward the tents , i see her face lit up in the glow of the fire-white , waxen , eyes open and staring blindly at the sky-and i know that she 's dead , and everything we did was for nothing . 
 raven is still kneeling by the younger girl 's side , but her ministrations are less frantic now , and i can hear that the girl is breathing regularly . 
 julian is already in the tent . 
 i 'm so tired , i feel as though i 'm sleepwalking . 
 he moves over and makes a space for me , and i practically collapse into him , into that little question mark formed by his body . 
 my hair reeks of smoke . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 julian whispers , finding my hand in the dark . 
 `` fine , '' i whisper back . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` dead , '' i say shortly . 
 julian sucks in a breath , and i feel his body stiffen behind me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lena . '' 
 `` you ca n't save them all , '' i say . 
 `` that 's not how it works . '' 
 that is what tack would say , and i know it 's true , even if , deep down , i still do n't quite believe it . 
 julian squeezes me , and kisses the back of my head , and then i let myself tunnel down into sleep , and away from the smell of burning . 
 hana for a second night , the fog of my sleep is disturbed by an image : two eyes , floating up through darkened murk . 
 then the eyes are disks of light , headlights bearing down on me-i 'm frozen in the middle of the road , surrounded by the heavy smells of garbage and car exhaust ... gripped , motionless , in the roaring heat from an engine ... . 
 i wake up just before midnight , sweating . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 not to me . 
 i stand up and fumble toward the bathroom , bumping my shin against one of the unpacked boxes in my room . 
 even though we moved in late january , more than two months ago , i have n't bothered to unpack anything other than the basics . 
 in less than three weeks i 'll be married , and i 'll have to move again . 
 besides , my old belongings-the stuffed animals and books and funny porcelain figurines i used to collect as a kid-don ' t mean very much to me anymore . 
 in the bathroom , i splash cold water on my face , trying to shock out the memory of those headlight-eyes , the tightness in my chest , the terror of being flattened . 
 i tell myself it does n't mean anything , that the cure works a little bit differently for everyone . 
 outside the window , the moon is round and improbably bright . 
 i press my nose up to the glass . 
 across the street is a house nearly identical to ours , and next to it is another mirror-image house . 
 on and on they go , dozens of replicas : the same gabled roofs , newly constructed and meant to look old . 
 i feel a need to move . 
 i used to get the itch all the time , when my body was crying out for a run . 
 i have n't run more than once or twice since i was cured-the few times i tried , it just was n't the same-and even now , the idea has no appeal . 
 but i want to do something . 
 i change into a pair of old sweatpants and a dark sweatshirt . 
 i put on an old baseball cap , too , which belonged to my father-partly to keep my hair back , and partly so that if anyone does happen to be out , i wo n't be recognized . 
 technically , it is n't illegal for me to be out past curfew , but i have no desire to field questions from my parents . 
 it 's not something that hana trent , soon-to-be hana hargrove , would do . 
 i do n't want them to know i 've been having trouble sleeping . 
 i ca n't give them a reason to be suspicious . 
 i lace up my sneakers and tiptoe to the bedroom door . 
 last summer , i used to sneak out all the time . 
 there was the forbidden rave in the warehouse behind otremba 's paints and the party in deering highlands that was raided ; there were nights on the beach at sunset park and illegal meet-ups with uncured boys , including the time at back cove when i let steven hilt put a hand on the inside of my bare thigh and time seemed to stop . 
 steven hilt : dark eyelashes , neat straight teeth , the smell of pine needles ; the drop in my stomach whenever he looked at me . 
 the memories seem like snapshots from someone else 's life . 
 i ease downstairs in near-total silence . 
 i find the latch on the front door and turn it by minuscule increments , so that the bolt withdraws soundlessly . 
 the wind is chilly and rustles the holly shrubs that encircle our yard , just inside the iron gate . 
 the shrubs , too , are a feature of woodcove farms : for security and protection , the real estate brochures said , and a real measure of privacy . 
 i pause , listening for sounds of passing patrols . 
 nothing . 
 but they ca n't be too far off . 
 woodcove advertises a twenty-four-hour , seven-day-a-week volunteer guard corps . 
 still , the community is large , and full of dozens of offshoots and cul-de-sacs . 
 with any luck , i 'll be able to avoid them . 
 down the front walk , down the flagstone path , to the iron gate . 
 a blur of black bats skirts past the moon , sending shadows skating across the lawn . 
 i shiver . 
 already , the itch is draining out of me . 
 i think about returning to bed , burrowing under the soft blankets and the pillows scented faintly of detergent ; waking up refreshed to a nice big breakfast of scrambled eggs . 
 something bangs in the garage . 
 i spin around . 
 the garage door is partially open . 
 my first thought is of a photographer . 
 one of them has jumped the gate and camped out in the yard . 
 but i quickly dismiss the idea . 
 mrs. hargrove has carefully orchestrated all our press opportunities , and so far , i have n't been an object of attention unless i 'm with fred . 
 my second thought is gas thief . 
 recently , because of government-mandated restrictions , especially in the poorer parts of the city , there has been a rash of break-ins throughout portland . 
 it was especially bad during the winter : furnaces were drained of oil , and cars of gas ; houses were raided and vandalized . 
 in february , there were two hundred burglaries alone , the largest number of crimes since the cure was made mandatory forty years ago . 
 i consider heading inside and waking my dad . 
 but that would mean questions , and explanations . 
 instead i cross the yard toward the garage , keeping my eye on the half-open door , checking for signs of movement . 
 the grass is coated with dew , which soaks rapidly into my sneakers . 
 i have a prickly , all-over body feeling . 
 someone is watching me . 
 a twig snaps behind me . 
 i whirl around . 
 a ripple of wind again disturbs the holly . 
 i take a deep breath and turn back to the garage . 
 my heart drums high in my throat , an uncomfortable and unfamiliar feeling . 
 i have not been afraid-really afraid-since the morning of my cure , when i could n't even unknot the hospital gown because my hands were shaking so badly . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 another rustle . 
 something-or someone-is definitely in the garage . 
 i stand a few feet outside the door , struck rigid with fear . 
 stupid . 
 this is stupid . 
 i 'll go into the house and wake dad . 
 i 'll say i heard a noise , and i 'll deal with questions later . 
 then , faintly : a mewling sound . 
 a cat 's eyes blink momentarily at me in the open door . 
 i exhale . 
 a stray cat-nothing more . 
 portland is lousy with them . 
 dogs , too . 
 people buy them , and then ca n't afford or do n't care to keep them , and dump them in the streets . 
 for years they 've been breeding . 
 i 've heard there are whole packs of wild dogs that roam around the highlands . 
 i move forward slowly . 
 the cat watches me . 
 i put my hand on the garage door , ease it open a few more inches . 
 `` come on , '' i coo . 
 `` come on out of there . '' 
 the cat bolts back into the garage . 
 it darts past my old bike , knocking against the kickstand . 
 the bike starts to totter , and i spring forward and grab it before it can crash to the ground . 
 the handlebars are dusty ; even though it 's practically pitch-dark , i can feel the grime . 
 i keep one hand on the bike , steadying it , and feel for the switch on the wall . 
 i flick on the overhead lights . 
 immediately , the normalcy of the garage reasserts itself : the car , the trash cans , the lawn mower in the corner ; cans of paint and extra tanks of gas stacked neatly in the corner , in a pyramid formation . 
 the cat is crouched among them . 
 at least the cat looks relatively clean-it 's not frothing at the mouth or covered with scabs . 
 nothing to be afraid of . 
 one more step toward her , and she bolts again ; this time shooting around the car and circling past me , out into the yard . 
 as i lean the bike up against the garage wall , i notice the faded purple scrunchie still looped around one handle . 
 lena and i used to have identical bicycles , but she teased me that hers was faster . 
 we were always switching bikes by accident , after dumping them down on the grass or the beach . 
 she would hop up on the seat , barely able to reach the pedals , and i 'd climb on her bike all scrunched up like a toddler , and we would ride home together , laughing hysterically . 
 one day she bought two scrunchies from her uncle 's convenience store-purple for me , blue for her-and insisted we keep them fixed around the handles , so we could differentiate them . 
 the scrunchie is now creased with dirt . 
 i have n't ridden my bike since last summer . 
 this hobby , like lena , has faded into the past . 
 why were lena and i best friends ? 
 what did we talk about ? 
 we had nothing in common . 
 we did n't like the same foods or the same music . 
 we did n't even believe in the same things . 
 and then she left , and it broke my heart so completely i could hardly breathe . 
 if i had n't been cured , i 'm not sure what i would have done . 
 i can admit , now , that i must have loved lena . 
 not in an unnatural way , but my feelings for her must have been a kind of sickness . 
 how can someone have the power to shatter you to dust-and also to make you feel so whole ? 
 the urge to walk has drained away completely . 
 all i want to do is fall into bed . 
 i turn off the lights and close the door to the garage , making sure i hear the latch slide shut . 
 as i turn back to the house , i see a piece of paper lying on the grass , already spotted with moisture . 
 it was n't there a minute ago . 
 someone has obviously pushed it through the gate while i was in the yard . 
 someone was watching me-could be watching me even now . 
 i cross the yard slowly . 
 i see myself reach the flyer . 
 i see myself bend to pick it up . 
 it is a grainy black-and-white photo that has obviously been reproduced from the original : it shows a man and a woman kissing . 
 the woman in the picture is bent backward , her fingers laced in the man 's hair . 
 he is smiling even as he kisses her . 
 at the bottom of the flyer are printed the words : there are more of us than you think . 
 instinctively , i crumple the flyer in my fist . 
 fred was right : the resistance is here , nesting among us . 
 they must have access to copiers , to paper , to messengers . 
 a door bangs in the distance , and i jump . 
 suddenly the night seems alive . 
 i practically sprint to the front porch and completely forget to be quiet as i slip inside the door , triple-locking it behind me . 
 for a moment i stand in the hall , the flyer still balled in my hand , breathing in the familiar smells of furniture polish and clorox . 
 in the kitchen , i throw the paper in the trash . 
 then , thinking better of it , i stuff it into the garbage disposal instead . 
 i 'm no longer worried about waking my parents . 
 i just want to get rid of the picture , get rid of the words-a threat , no doubt about it . 
 there are more of us than you think . 
 i wash my hands with hot water and fumble clumsily back to my bedroom . 
 i do n't even bother to undress , just kick off my shoes , take off the baseball hat , and climb under the covers . 
 even though the heat is humming , i still do n't feel warm . 
 long , dark fingers are enclosing me . 
 velvet-gloved hands , soft and perfumed , are wrapping around my throat , and lena is whispering from somewhere far away-what did you do ? 
 - and then , mercifully , the fingers release , the hands drop from around my throat , and i am falling , falling , into a deep and dreamless sleep . 
 lena when i open my eyes , the tent is full of hazy green light as the sun is transformed into color by the thin tent walls . 
 the ground beneath me is slightly damp , as it always is in the mornings ; the ground exhales dew , shakes off the nighttime freeze . 
 i can hear voices and the clang of metal pots . 
 julian is gone . 
 i ca n't remember how long it has been since i 've slept so deeply . 
 i do n't even remember dreaming . 
 i wonder whether this is what it is like to be cured , to wake up refreshed and renewed , undisturbed by the long , shadowy fingers that reach for you in sleep . 
 outside , the air is unexpectedly warm . 
 the woods are full of birdsong . 
 clouds skate giddily across a pale blue sky . 
 the wilds are boldly asserting the arrival of spring , like the first proud , puff-chested robins to appear in march . 
 i go down to the small stream where we 've been drawing our water . 
 dani has just emerged from bathing and is standing totally nak * d , toweling off her hair with a t-shirt . 
 nudity used to shock me , but now i hardly notice it ; she could be a dark , water-slicked otter shaking itself in the sun . 
 still , i head downstream from where she is , stripping off my shirt to splash my face and underarms and dunk my head underwater , gasping a little as i come up . 
 the water is still ice-cold , and i ca n't bring myself to submerge . 
 back at the camp , i see that the body of the old woman has already been removed . 
 hopefully they 've found somewhere to bury her . 
 i think of blue , and how we had to leave her out in the snow while the ice clotted her dark lashes and sealed her eyes shut , and of miyako , who was burned . 
 ghosts , shadow-figures in my dreams . 
 i wonder whether i will ever be rid of them . 
 `` morning , sunshine , '' says raven , without looking up from the jacket she is patching . 
 she is holding several needles in her mouth , fanned out between her lips , and she has to speak through them . 
 `` sleep well ? '' 
 she does n't wait for me to answer . 
 `` there 's some grub on the fire , so eat up before dani gets hold of seconds . '' 
 the girl we rescued last night is awake and sitting near raven , at a short distance from the fire , with a red blanket draped around her shoulders . 
 she is even lovelier than i thought . 
 her eyes are vivid green , and her skin is luminous and soft-looking . 
 `` hi , '' i say as i move between her and the fire . 
 she gives me a shy smile but does n't speak , and i feel a rush of sympathy for her . 
 i remember how terrified i was when i escaped into the wilds and found myself among raven and tack and the others . 
 i wonder where she has come from , and what terrible things she has seen . 
 at the edge of the fire , a dented pot is half-buried in the ash . 
 inside is a small bit of oatmeal-and-black-bean stew , left over from our dinner last night . 
 it 's charred crunchy and practically tasteless . 
 i spoon some into a tin cup and force myself to eat quickly . 
 as i 'm finishing , alex stomps his way out of the woods , carrying a plastic jug of water . 
 i glance up instinctively to see whether he will acknowledge me , but as usual he keeps his eyes locked on air over my head . 
 he passes beyond me and stops by the new girl . 
 `` here , '' he says . 
 his voice is gentle , the voice of the old alex , the alex of my memories . 
 `` i brought you some water . 
 do n't worry . 
 it 's clean . '' 
 `` thanks , alex , '' she responds . 
 the name sounds wrong in her mouth and makes me feel off-kilter , the way i used to feel as a kid at the strawberry festival at eastern prom , standing in the hall of fun-house mirrors : like everything has been distorted . 
 tack , pike , and some of the others come pushing out of the woods just after alex , elbowing their way through the weave of branches . 
 julian is one of the last to emerge , and i stand up and find myself running toward him , barreling into his arms . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 he laughs , stumbling backward a little and squeezing me , obviously surprised and pleased . 
 i am never this affectionate with him during the day , in front of the others . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 `` i missed you , '' i say , feeling breathless for no reason . 
 i put my forehead on his collarbone , place one hand on his chest . 
 its rhythm reassures me : he is real , and he is now . 
 `` we did a full sweep , '' tack is saying . 
 `` three-mile circumference . 
 everything looks good . 
 the scavengers must have gone in a different direction . '' 
 julian tenses . 
 i turn around and face tack . 
 `` scavengers ? '' 
 i ask . 
 tack shoots me a look and does n't answer . 
 he has stopped in front of the new girl . 
 alex is still sitting beside her . 
 their arms are separated by only a few inches , and i start to fixate on the negative space between their shoulders and elbows , like one-half of an hourglass . 
 `` you do n't remember what day they came ? '' 
 he asks the girl , and i can tell he 's struggling not to seem impatient . 
 on the surface , tack is all bite-bite and rough edges , just like raven . 
 that 's why they go so well together . 
 the girl chews her lip . 
 alex reaches out and touches her hand , gentle and reassuring , and i am suddenly filled , head to toe , with the feeling that i am going to be sick . 
 `` go on , coral , '' he says . 
 coral . 
 of course she would be named coral . 
 beautiful and delicate and special . 
 `` i-i do n't remember . '' 
 her voice is almost as low as a boy 's . 
 `` try , '' tack says . 
 raven shoots him a look . 
 her expression is clear . 
 do n't push it . 
 the girl draws the blanket a little tighter around her shoulders . 
 she clears her throat . 
 `` they came a few days ago-three , four . 
 i do n't know exactly . 
 we found an old barn , totally intact ... . 
 we 'd been crashing there . 
 there was just a small group of us . 
 there was david and tigg and-and nan . '' 
 her voice breaks a bit , and she sucks in a breath . 
 `` and a few others-eight of us total . 
 we 've stuck together since i first came to the wilds . 
 my grandfather was a priest of one of the old religions . '' 
 she looks up at us defiantly , as though she is daring us to criticize her . 
 `` he refused to convert to the new order and was killed . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` ever since then , my family was tracked . 
 and when my aunt turned out to be a sympathizer ... well , we were blacklisted . 
 could n't get a job , could n't get paired to save our lives . 
 there was n't a landlord in boston who would rent to us-not that we had any money to pay . '' 
 bitterness has crept into her voice . 
 i can tell that it is only the recent trauma that has made her seem fragile . 
 under normal circumstances , she is a leader-like raven . 
 like hana . 
 i feel another stab of jealousy , watching alex watching her . 
 `` the scavengers , '' tack prompts her . 
 `` let it go , tack , '' raven breaks in . 
 `` she 's not ready to talk about it . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i can . 
 it 's just ... i hardly remember ... '' again she shakes her head , this time looking puzzled . 
 `` nan had trouble with her joints . 
 she did n't like to be alone in the dark when she had to use the bathroom . 
 she was worried she might fall . '' 
 she squeezes her knees closer to her chest . 
 `` we took turns walking with her . 
 it was my turn that night . 
 that 's the only reason i 'm not ... that 's the only reason ... '' she trails off . 
 `` the others are dead , then ? '' 
 tack 's voice is hollow . 
 she nods . 
 dani mutters , `` shit , '' and toes some dirt into the air , aiming at nothing . 
 `` burned , '' the girl says . 
 `` while they were sleeping . 
 we saw it happen . 
 the scavengers surrounded the place and just-phoomf . 
 it went up like a match . 
 nan lost her head . 
 went hurtling straight back toward the barn . 
 i went after her ... after that , i do n't remember much . 
 i thought she was on fire ... and then i remember i woke up in a ditch , and it was raining ... and then you found us ... . '' 
 `` shit , shit , shit . '' 
 each time dani says the word , she toes up another spray of dirt . 
 `` you 're not helping , '' raven snaps . 
 tack rubs his forehead and sighs . 
 `` they 've cleared out of the area , '' he says . 
 `` that 's a break for us . 
 we 'll just have to hope we do n't cross paths . '' 
 `` how many were there ? '' 
 pike asks coral . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` five ? 
 seven ? 
 a dozen ? 
 come on . 
 you have to give us something to - '' `` i want to know why , '' alex interjects . 
 even though he speaks softly , everyone instantly gets quiet and listens . 
 i used to love that about him : the way he can take command of a situation without raising his voice , the ease and confidence he has always radiated . 
 now i am supposed to feel nothing , so i focus on the fact that julian is behind me , only inches away ; i focus on the fact that alex 's and coral 's knees are touching , and he does n't draw away or seem to mind at all . 
 `` why the attack ? 
 why burn the barn down ? 
 it does n't make sense . '' 
 alex shakes his head . 
 `` we all know the scavengers are out to loot and rob , not ravage . 
 this was n't theft-it was massacre . '' 
 `` the scavengers are working with the dfa , '' julian says . 
 he glosses fluidly over the words , although they must be difficult for him . 
 the dfa was his father 's organization , his family 's lifework , and up until julian and i were thrown together only a few short weeks ago , it was julian 's lifework as well . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 alex stands up . 
 even though he and julian are once again speaking off each other , call-and-response , he refuses to look in our direction . 
 he keeps his eyes on raven and tack . 
 `` it 's not about survival for them anymore , is it ? 
 it 's about payday . 
 the stakes are higher and the goals are different . '' 
 no one contradicts him . 
 everyone knows he is right . 
 the scavengers never cared about the cure . 
 they came into the wilds because they did n't belong in-or were pushed out of-normal society . 
 they came with no allegiance or affiliation , no sense of honor or ideals . 
 and although they were always ruthless , their attacks used to serve a purpose-they pillaged and robbed , took supplies and weapons , and did n't mind killing in the process . 
 but murder with no meaning and no gain ... that is very different . 
 that is contract killing . 
 `` they 're picking us off . '' 
 raven speaks slowly , as though the idea is just occurring to her . 
 she turns to julian . 
 `` they 're going to hunt us down like-like animals . 
 is that it ? '' 
 now everyone looks at him-some curiously , some with resentment . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he stutters very lightly over the words . 
 then : `` they ca n't afford to let us live . '' 
 `` now can i say shit ? '' 
 dani asks sarcastically . 
 `` but if the dfa and the regulators are using the scavengers to kill us , it 's proof that the resistance has power , '' i protest . 
 `` they see us as a threat . 
 that 's a good thing . '' 
 for years , the invalids living in the wilds were actually protected by the government , whose official position was that the disease , amor deliria nervosa , had been wiped out during the blitz , and all the infected people eradicated . 
 love was no more . 
 to recognize that invalid communities existed would have been an admission of failure . 
 but now the propaganda ca n't hold . 
 the resistance has become too large and too visible . 
 they ca n't ignore us any longer , or pretend that we do n't exist-so now they must try to wipe us out . 
 `` yeah , we 'll see how good it feels when the scavengers fry us in our sleep , '' dani fires back . 
 `` please . '' 
 raven gets to her feet . 
 a ribbon of white runs through her black hair ; i 've never noticed it before , and i wonder whether it has always been there or only recently appeared . 
 `` we 'll just have to be more careful . 
 we 'll scout locations for our camps more closely , and keep someone on guard at night . 
 all right ? 
 if they 're hunting us , we 'll just have to be faster and smarter . 
 and we 'll have to work together . 
 there are more of us every day , right ? '' 
 she looks pointedly at pike and dani , then turns her gaze back to coral . 
 `` do you think you 're strong enough to walk ? '' 
 coral nods . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 tack is obviously getting antsy . 
 it must be at least ten o'clock . 
 `` let 's make final rounds . 
 check the traps ; work on getting packed up . 
 we 'll shove off as soon as we can . '' 
 tack and raven no longer have undisputed control of the group , but they can still get people to move , and in this case , no one argues . 
 we 've been camping near poughkeepsie for almost three days , and now that we have decided on a destination , we 're all eager to get there . 
 the group breaks up as people begin to scatter into the trees . 
 we 've been traveling together for a little less than a week , but each of us has already assumed a different role . 
 tack and pike are the hunters ; raven , dani , alex , and i take turns manning the traps ; lu hauls and boils water . 
 julian packs and unloads and repacks . 
 others repair clothing and patch tents . 
 in the wilds , existence depends on order . 
 on that , the cureds and the uncureds agree . 
 i fall into step behind raven , who is stalking up a short incline , toward a series of bombed-out foundations , where a block of houses must once have stood . 
 there is evidence of raccoons here . 
 `` she 's coming with us ? '' 
 i burst out . 
 `` who ? '' 
 raven seems surprised to see me next to her . 
 `` the girl . '' 
 i try to keep my voice neutral . 
 `` coral . '' 
 raven raises an eyebrow at me . 
 `` she does n't have much of a choice , does she ? 
 it 's either that or she stays and starves . '' 
 `` but ... '' i ca n't explain why i feel , stubbornly , that she should n't be trusted . 
 `` we do n't know anything about her . '' 
 raven stops walking . 
 she turns to me . 
 `` we do n't know anything about anyone , '' she says . 
 `` do n't you get that yet ? 
 you do n't know shit about me , i do n't know shit about you . 
 you do n't even know shit about you . '' 
 i think of alex-the strange , stony figure of a boy i thought i once knew . 
 maybe he has n't changed that much . 
 maybe i never really knew him at all . 
 raven sighs and rubs her face with both hands . 
 `` look , i meant what i said back there . 
 we 're all in this together , and we have to act like it . '' 
 `` i get it , '' i say . 
 i look back toward the camp . 
 from a distance , the red blanket draped across coral 's shoulders looks jarring , like a spot of blood on a polished wood floor . 
 `` i do n't think you do , '' raven says . 
 she steps in front of me , forcing me to meet her gaze . 
 her eyes are hard , nearly black . 
 `` this-what 's happening now-is the only thing that matters . 
 it 's not a game . 
 it 's not a joke . 
 this is war . 
 it 's bigger than you or me . 
 it 's bigger than all of us combined . 
 we do n't matter anymore . '' 
 her voice softens . 
 `` remember what i always told you ? 
 the past is dead . '' 
 i know , then , that she 's talking about alex. my throat begins to tighten , but i refuse to let raven see me cry . 
 i wo n't cry over alex ever again . 
 raven starts walking again . 
 `` go on , '' she calls back over her shoulder . 
 `` you should help julian pack up the tents . '' 
 i look over my shoulder . 
 julian already has half the tents dismantled . 
 as i watch , he collapses yet another one , and it shrinks into nothing , like a mushroom sprouting in reverse . 
 `` he 's got it under control , '' i say . 
 `` he does n't need me . '' 
 i move to follow her . 
 `` trust me '' - raven whirls around , her black hair fanning behind her - `` he needs you . '' 
 for a second we just stand there , looking at each other . 
 something flashes in raven 's eyes , an expression i ca n't quite decipher . 
 a warning , maybe . 
 then she quirks her lips into a smile . 
 `` i 'm still in charge , you know , '' she says . 
 `` you have to listen to me . '' 
 so i turn around and go back down the hill , toward the camp , toward julian , who needs me . 
 hana in the morning i wake up momentarily disoriented : the room is drowning in sunlight . 
 i must have forgotten to close the blinds . 
 i sit up , pushing the covers to the foot of my bed . 
 seagulls are calling outside , and as i stand , i see that the sun has touched the grass a vivid green . 
 in my desk i find one of the few things i bothered to unpack : aftercure , the thick manual i was given after my procedure , which , according to the introduction , `` contains the answer to the most common-and uncommon ! 
 - questions about the procedure and its aftereffects . '' 
 i flip quickly to the chapter on dreaming , scanning several pages that detail , in boring technical terms , the unintended side effect of the cure : dreamless sleep . 
 then i spot a sentence that makes me want to hug the book to my chest : `` as we have repeatedly emphasized , people are different , and although the procedure minimizes variances in temperament and personality , it must of necessity work differently for everybody . 
 about 5 percent of cureds still report having dreams . '' 
 five percent . 
 not a huge amount , but still , not a freakishly small percentage either . 
 i feel better than i have in days . 
 i close the book , making a sudden resolution . 
 i will ride my bike to lena 's house today . 
 i have n't been anywhere near her house on cumberland in months . 
 this will be my way of paying tribute to our old friendship and of putting to rest the bad feeling that has bugged me since i saw jenny . 
 lena may have succumbed to the disease , but it was , after all , partly my fault . 
 that must be why i still think of her . 
 the cure does n't suppress every feeling , and the guilt is still pushing through . 
 i will bike by the old house and see that everyone is okay , and i will feel better . 
 guilt requires absolution , and i have not absolved myself for my part in her crime . 
 maybe , i think , i 'll even bring over some coffee . 
 her aunt carol used to love the stuff . 
 then i 'll return to my life . 
 i splash water on my face , pull on a pair of jeans and my favorite fleece , soft from years of going in the dryer , and twist my hair up in a messy bun . 
 lena used to make a face whenever i wore it this way . 
 unfair , she 'd say . 
 if i tried to do that , i 'd look like a bird crapped a nest on my head . 
 `` hana ? 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 my mother calls to me from the hallway , her voice muffled , concerned . 
 i open the door . 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she squints at me . 
 `` were you-were you singing ? '' 
 i must have been humming unconsciously . 
 i feel a hot shock of embarrassment . 
 `` i was trying to think of the words to some song fred played me , '' i say quickly . 
 `` i ca n't remember more than a few words . '' 
 my mother 's face relaxes . 
 `` i 'm sure you can find it on lamm , '' she says . 
 she reaches out and cups my chin , scans my face critically for a minute . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` perfectly , '' i say . 
 i detach myself from her grip and head toward the stairs . 
 downstairs , dad is pacing the kitchen , dressed for work except for a tie . 
 i can tell just by looking at his hair that he has been watching the news for a while . 
 since last fall , when the government issued its first statement acknowledging the existence of the invalids , he insists on keeping the news running almost constantly , even when we leave the house . 
 as he watches , he twirls his hair between his fingers . 
 on the news , a woman with an orange-lipstick mouth is saying , `` outraged citizens stormed the police station on state street this morning , demanding to know how the invalids were able to move freely through the city streets to deliver their threats ... . '' 
 mr. roth , our neighbor , is sitting at the kitchen table , spinning a mug of coffee between his palms . 
 he is becoming a regular fixture in our house . 
 `` good morning , hana , '' he says without taking his eyes off the screen . 
 `` hi , mr. roth . '' 
 despite the fact that the roths live across from us , and mrs. roth is always talking about the new clothes she has bought her older daughter , victoria , i know that they are struggling . 
 neither of their children made a particularly good match , mostly because of a small scandal that attached itself to victoria , who was rumored to have been forced into an early procedure after being caught in the streets after curfew . 
 mr. roth 's career has stalled , and the signs of financial difficulty are there : they no longer use their car , although it still sits , gleaming , beyond the iron gate in the driveway . 
 and the lights go off early ; obviously , they are trying to conserve electricity . 
 i suspect that mr. roth has been stopping by so much because he no longer has a working television . 
 `` hi , dad , '' i say as i scoot past the kitchen table . 
 he grunts at me in response , grabbing and twisting another bit of hair . 
 the newscaster says , `` the flyers were distributed in a dozen different areas , and were even slipped into playgrounds and elementary schools . '' 
 the footage cuts to a crowd of protesters standing on the steps of city hall . 
 their signs read take back our streets and deliria-free america . 
 the dfa has received an outpouring of support since its leader , thomas fineman , was assassinated last week . 
 already he is being treated as a martyr , and memorials to him have sprung up across the country . 
 `` why is n't anyone doing anything to protect us ? '' 
 a man is saying into a microphone . 
 he has to shout over the noise of the other protesters . 
 `` the police are supposed to keep us safe from these lunatics . 
 instead they 're swarming the streets . '' 
 i remember how frantic i was to get rid of the flyer last night , as though doing so would mean that it had never existed . 
 but of course the invalids did n't target us specifically . 
 `` it 's outrageous ! '' 
 my dad explodes . 
 i 've seen him raise his voice only two or three times in my life , and he 's only ever totally lost it once : when they announced the names of the people who had been killed during the terrorist attacks , and frank hargrove-fred 's father-was among those listed as dead . 
 we were all watching tv in the den , and suddenly my father turned and threw his glass against the wall . 
 it was so shocking , my mother and i could only stare at him . 
 i 'll never forget what he said that night : amor deliria nervosa is n't a disease of love . 
 it 's a disease of selfishness . 
 `` what 's the point of the national security administration if - '' mr. roth cuts in . 
 `` come on , rich , have a seat . 
 you 're getting upset . '' 
 `` of course i 'm upset . 
 these cockroaches ... '' in the pantry , boxes of cereal and bags of coffee are lined neatly in multiples . 
 i tuck a bag of coffee under my arm and rearrange the others so the gap is n't noticeable . 
 then i grab a piece of bread and smear some peanut butter on it , even though the news has almost completely killed my hunger . 
 i pass back through the kitchen and am halfway down the hall before my dad turns and calls , `` where are you going ? '' 
 i angle my body away from him , so the bag of coffee is n't visible . 
 `` i thought i 'd go on a bike ride , '' i say brightly . 
 `` a bike ride ? '' 
 my dad repeats . 
 `` the wedding dress has been getting a little tight . '' 
 i gesture expressively with the folded piece of bread . 
 `` stress eating , i guess . '' 
 at least my ability to lie has n't changed since my cure . 
 my dad frowns . 
 `` just stay away from downtown , okay ? 
 there was an incident last night ... . '' 
 `` vandalism , '' mr. roth says . 
 `` and nothing more . '' 
 now the television is showing footage of the terrorist incidents in january : the sudden collapse of the eastern side of the crypts , captured by a grainy handheld camera ; fire licking up from city hall ; people pouring out of stalled buses and running , panicked and confused , through the streets ; a woman crouched in the bay , dress billowing behind her on the swells , screaming that judgment has arrived ; a mass of floating dust blowing through the city , turning everything chalk-white . 
 `` this is just the beginning , '' my father responds sharply . 
 `` they obviously meant the message to be a warning . '' 
 `` they wo n't be able to pull anything off . 
 they 're not organized . '' 
 `` that was what everyone said last year , too , and we ended up with a hole in the crypts , a dead mayor , and a city full of psychopaths . 
 do you know how many prisoners escaped that day ? 
 three hundred . '' 
 `` we 've tightened security since then , '' mr. roth insists . 
 `` security did n't stop the invalids from treating portland like a giant post office last night . 
 who knows what could happen ? '' 
 he sighs and rubs his eyes . 
 then he turns to me . 
 `` i do n't want my only daughter blown to bits . '' 
 `` i wo n't go downtown , dad , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll stay off-peninsula , okay ? '' 
 he nods and turns back to the television . 
 outside , i stand on the porch and eat my bread with one hand , keeping the bag of coffee tucked under my arm . 
 i realize , too late , that i 'm thirsty . 
 but i do n't want to go back inside . 
 i kneel down , transfer the coffee into my old backpack-still smelling , faintly , like the strawberry gum i used to chew-and shove the baseball hat over my ponytail again . 
 i put on sunglasses , too . 
 i 'm wearing sweatpants and an old sweatshirt , the same outfit i put on last night . 
 i 'm not particularly afraid of being spotted by photographers , but i do n't want to risk running into anyone i know . 
 i retrieve my bike from the garage and wheel it into the street . 
 everyone says that riding a bike is a skill that stays with you forever , but for a moment after i climb on the seat i wobble wildly , like a toddler just learning to ride . 
 after a few teetering seconds , i manage to find my balance . 
 i angle the bike downhill and begin coasting down brighton court , toward the gatehouse and the border of woodcove farms . 
 there 's something reassuring about the tic-tic-tic of my wheels against the pavement , and the feel of the wind on my face , raw and fresh . 
 i do n't get the same feeling i used to have from running , but it does bring contentment , like settling into clean sheets at the end of a long day . 
 the day is perfect , bright , and surprisingly cold . 
 on a day like today , it seems impossible to imagine that half the country is blighted by the rise of insurgents ; that invalids are running like sewage through portland , spreading a message of passion and violence . 
 it seems impossible to imagine that anything is wrong in the whole world . 
 a bed of pansies nods at me , as though in agreement , as i zip by them , picking up speed , letting the slope carry me forward . 
 i whiz through the iron gates and past the gatehouse without stopping , raising a hand in a gesture of quick salute , although i doubt saul recognizes me . 
 outside woodcove farms , the neighborhood quickly changes . 
 government-owned plots run up against seedy lots , and i pass three mobile home parks in a row , which are crowded with outdoor charcoal grills and fire pits and shrouded over by a film of smoke and ash , since the people who live here use electricity only sparingly . 
 brighton avenue carries me on-peninsula , and technically across the border and into downtown portland . 
 but city hall , and the cluster of municipal buildings and laboratories where people have gathered to protest , is still several miles away . 
 the buildings this far from the old port are no more than a few stories high , and interspersed with corner delis , cheap laundromats , run-down churches , and long-disused gas stations . 
 i try to remember the last time i went to lena 's house , instead of she to mine , but all i get is a mash-up of years and images , the smell of tinned ravioli and powdered milk . 
 lena was embarrassed by her cramped home , and by her family . 
 she knew what people said . 
 but i always liked going to her house . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 i think at the time it was the mess that appealed to me-the beds crammed closely together in the upstairs room , the appliances that never worked correctly , fuses that were always powering down , a washing machine that sat rusting , used only as a place for storing winter clothes . 
 even though it has been eight months , i navigate the way to lena 's old house easily , even remembering to shortcut through the parking lot that backs up onto cumberland . 
 by this point , i 'm sweating , and i stop my bike a few doors down from the tiddles ' house , wrestling off my hat and running a hand through my hair so i at least look semi-presentable . 
 a door bangs down the street , and a woman emerges onto her porch , which is cluttered with broken furniture and even , mysteriously , a rust-spotted toilet seat . 
 she is carrying a broom , and she begins sweeping back and forth , back and forth , over the same six inches of porch , her eyes locked on me . 
 the neighborhood is worse , much worse , than it used to be . 
 half the buildings are boarded up . 
 i feel like a diver on a new submarine , coasting past the wreck of a tanked ship . 
 curtains stir in the windows , and i have a sense of unseen eyes following my progress down the street-and anger , too , simmering inside all the sad , sagging homes . 
 i start to feel incredibly stupid for coming . 
 what will i say ? 
 what can i say ? 
 but now that i 'm so close , i ca n't turn around until i 've seen it : number 237 , lena 's old house . 
 as soon as i wheel my bike up to the gate , i can tell that the house has been abandoned for some time . 
 several shingles are missing from the roof , and the windows have been boarded up with fungus-colored wood . 
 someone has painted a large red x over the front door , a symbol that the house was harboring disease . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i spin around . 
 the woman on the porch has stopped sweeping ; she holds the broom in one hand and shields her eyes with the other . 
 `` i was looking for the tiddles , '' i say . 
 my voice rings out too loudly on the open street . 
 the woman keeps staring at me . 
 i force myself to move closer to her , wheeling my bike across the street and up to her front gate , even though something inside me is revolting , telling me to go . 
 i do not belong here . 
 `` tiddles moved off last fall , '' she says , and begins sweeping again . 
 `` they were n't welcome around here no more . 
 not after - '' she breaks off suddenly . 
 `` well . 
 anyways . 
 do n't know what happened to them , and do n't care , either . 
 they can rot away in the highlands as far as i 'm concerned . 
 spoiling the neighborhood , making it hard for everybody else - '' `` is that where they went ? '' 
 i seize on the small bit of information . 
 `` to deering highlands ? '' 
 instantly , i can tell i 've put her on her guard . 
 `` what business is it to you ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` you youth guard or something ? 
 this is a good neighborhood , a clean neighborhood . '' 
 she jabs at the porch with her broom , as though trying to tamp down invisible insects . 
 `` read the book every day and passed all my reviews just like anybody else . 
 but still people come poking and prying , digging up trouble - '' `` i 'm not from the dfa , '' i say to reassure her . 
 `` and i 'm not trying to cause trouble . '' 
 `` then what are you trying to do ? '' 
 she squints at me closely , and i see a flicker of recognition pass across her face . 
 `` hey . 
 have you been around here before or something ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say quickly , and jam the hat back onto my head . 
 i 'll get no more help here , i can tell . 
 `` i 'm sure i know you from somewhere , '' the woman says as i climb onto my bike . 
 i know it will click for her any second : that 's the girl who got paired with fred hargrove . 
 `` you do n't , '' i say , and i push off into the street . 
 i should let it go . 
 i know i should let it go . 
 but more than ever , i have an urge to see lena 's family again . 
 i need to know what has happened since she left . 
 i have n't been to deering highlands since last summer , when alex , lena , and i used to hang out in 37 brooks , one of the neighborhood 's many abandoned houses . 
 37 brooks is where lena and alex were caught by the regulators , and the reason they attempted a last-minute , poorly planned escape . 
 deering highlands , too , is even more run-down than i remember it . 
 the neighborhood was practically abandoned years ago , after a string of busts in the area gave it the reputation of being tainted . 
 when i was little , the older kids used to tell stories of the ghosts of uncureds who 'd died of amor deliria nervosa and still wandered the streets . 
 we used to dare each other to go into the highlands and put a hand on the derelict buildings . 
 you had to keep your hand there for a full ten seconds , just enough time for the disease to seep through your fingertips . 
 lena and i did it together once . 
 she chickened out after four seconds , but i waited the whole ten , counting slowly , and loud , so the girls who were watching could hear . 
 i was the hero of second grade for a full two weeks . 
 last summer , there was a raid on an illegal party in the highlands . 
 i was there . 
 i let steven hilt lean in and whisper to me , his mouth bumping against my ear . 
 it was one of four illegal parties i 'd attended since graduation . 
 i remember how thrilled i was sneaking through the streets , long past curfew , my heart clawing up to my throat , and how angelica marston and i would meet the next day to laugh about how we 'd gotten away with it . 
 we spoke in whispers about kissing and threatened to run away to the wilds , as though we were little girls talking about wonderland . 
 that 's the point . 
 it was kid stuff . 
 a big game of make-believe . 
 it was never supposed to happen to me , to angie , or to anyone else . 
 it definitely was n't supposed to happen to lena . 
 after the raid , the neighborhood was officially repossessed by the city of portland , and a number of the houses were razed . 
 the plan was to set up new low-income condos for some of the municipal workers , but construction stalled after the terrorist incidents , and as i cross over into the highlands , all i see is rubble : holes in the ground , and trees felled and left with their roots exposed to the sky , dirty , churned earth , and rusting metal signs declaring it a hard-hat area . 
 it 's so quiet that even the sound of my wheels as they turn seems overloud . 
 a thought comes to me suddenly , unbidden-quiet through the grave go i ; or else beneath the graves i lie-the old rhyme we used to whisper as kids when we passed a graveyard . 
 a graveyard : that 's exactly what the highlands is like now . 
 i climb off my bike and lean it against an old street sign , which points the way to maple avenue , another street of large , carved bowls of dark earth and uprooted trees . 
 i walk down maple for a bit , feeling increasingly stupid . 
 there is no one here . 
 that is obvious . 
 and deering highlands is a large neighborhood , a tangle of small streets and cul-de-sacs . 
 even if lena 's family is squatting somewhere around here , i wo n't necessarily find them . 
 but my feet keep stepping one in front of the other , as though controlled by something other than my brain . 
 the wind sweeps quietly over the bare lots , and the air smells like rot . 
 i pass an old foundation , exposed to the air , and it reminds me , weirdly , of the x-rays my dentist used to show me : toothy gray structures , like a jaw split open and tacked to the ground . 
 then i smell it : wood smoke , faint but definite , threaded underneath the other smells . 
 someone is having a fire . 
 i turn left at the next intersection and start down wynnewood road . 
 this is the highlands i remember from last summer . 
 here the houses were never razed . 
 they still loom , gloomy and vacant , behind thick stands of ancient pine trees . 
 my throat begins to tighten and release , tighten and release . 
 i ca n't be far from 37 brooks now . 
 i have a sudden terror of coming across it . 
 i make a decision : if i come to brooks street , it will be a sign that i should turn around . 
 i 'll go home ; i 'll forget about this ridiculous mission . 
 `` mama , mama ... help me get home ... '' the singsong voice stops me . 
 i stand still for a minute , holding my breath , trying to locate the source of the sound . 
 `` i 'm out in the woods , i 'm out on my own ... '' the words are from an old nursery rhyme about the monsters that were rumored to live in the wilds . 
 vampires . 
 werewolves . 
 invalids . 
 except that the invalids , it turns out , are real . 
 i step out of the road and into the grass , weaving through the trees that line the street . 
 i move slowly , careful to touch my toes lightly to the ground before shifting my weight forward-the voice is so quiet , so faint . 
 the road turns a corner , and i see a girl squatting in the middle of the street , in a large patch of sunshine , her stringy dark hair hanging like a curtain in front of her face . 
 she is all bones . 
 her kneecaps are like two spiky sails . 
 she is holding a filthy doll in one hand and a stick in the other . 
 its end is whittled to a point . 
 the doll has hair made of matted yellow yarn , and eyes of black buttons , although only one of them is still attached to its face . 
 its mouth is no more than a stitch of red yarn , also unraveling . 
 `` i met a vampire , a rotten old wreck ... '' i close my eyes as the rest of the lines from the rhyme come back to me . 
 mama , mama , put me to bed i wo n't make it home , i 'm already half-dead i met an invalid , and fell for his art he showed me his smile , and went straight for my heart . 
 when i open my eyes again , she looks up , briefly , as she stabs the air with her makeshift stake , as though warding off a vampire . 
 for a moment , everything in me stills . 
 it 's grace , lena 's younger cousin . 
 lena 's favorite cousin . 
 it 's grace , who never , ever said a word to anyone , not once in the six years i watched her grow from an infant . 
 `` mommy , put me to bed ... '' even though it 's cool in the shade of the trees , a bead of sweat has gathered between my br ** sts . 
 i can feel it tracing its way down to my stomach . 
 `` i met an invalid , and fell for his art ... '' now she takes the stick and begins working it against the doll 's neck , as though making a procedural scar . 
 `` safety , health , and happiness spells shh , '' she singsongs . 
 her voice is pitched higher now , a lullaby coo . 
 `` shhh . 
 be a good girl . 
 this wo n't hurt at all , i promise . '' 
 i ca n't watch anymore . 
 she 's jabbing at the doll 's flexible neck , making its head shudder in response as though it is nodding yes . 
 i step out of the trees . 
 `` gracie , '' i call to her . 
 unconsciously , i 've extended one arm , as though i 'm approaching a wild animal . 
 she freezes . 
 i take another careful step toward her . 
 she is gripping the stick in her fist so tightly , her knuckles are white . 
 `` grace . '' 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` it 's me , hana . 
 i 'm a friend-i was a friend of your cousin , lena . '' 
 without warning , she 's up on her feet and running , leaving the doll and the stick behind . 
 automatically , i break into a sprint and tear after her down the street . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i call out . 
 `` please-i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 grace is fast . 
 she has put fifty feet of distance between us already . 
 she disappears around a corner , and by the time i reach it , she 's gone . 
 i stop running . 
 my heart drums hard in my throat , and there 's a foul taste in my mouth . 
 i take off my hat and swipe at the sweat on my forehead , feeling like a complete idiot . 
 `` stupid , '' i say out loud . 
 because it makes me feel better , i repeat , a little louder , `` stupid . '' 
 there 's a titter of laughter from somewhere behind me . 
 i spin around : no one . 
 the hair pricks up on my neck ; all of a sudden i have the feeling i 'm being watched , and it occurs to me that if lena 's family is here , there must be others , too . 
 i notice that cheap plastic shower curtains are hung in the windows of the house across the street ; next to it is a yard layered with plastic debris-toys and tubs and plastic building blocks , but neatly arranged , as though someone has recently been playing there . 
 feeling suddenly self-conscious , i retreat into the protection of the trees , keeping my eyes on the street , scanning for signs of movement . 
 `` we have a right to be here , you know . '' 
 the whispering voice comes from directly behind me . 
 i whirl around , so startled that for a moment i ca n't speak . 
 a girl has just emerged from the trees . 
 she stares at me with wide brown eyes . 
 `` willow ? '' 
 i choke out . 
 her eyelids flicker . 
 if she recognizes me , she does n't acknowledge it . 
 but it 's definitely her-willow marks , my old classmate , who got pulled out of school just before we graduated , after rumors circulated that she had been found with a boy , an uncured , in deering oaks park after curfew . 
 `` we have a right , '' she repeats , in that same urgent whisper . 
 she twists her long , thin hands together . 
 `` a road and a path for everybody ... that is the promise of the cure ... . '' 
 `` willow . '' 
 i take a step backward and almost trip over myself . 
 `` willow it 's me . 
 hana tate . 
 we had math together last year . 
 mr. fillmore 's class . 
 remember ? '' 
 her eyelids flutter . 
 her hair is long and hopelessly tangled . 
 i remember how she used to dye streaks of it different colors . 
 my parents always said she would get into trouble . 
 they told me to stay away from her . 
 `` fillmore , fillmore , '' she repeats . 
 when she turns her head , i see that she has the three-pronged procedural mark , and i remember that she was pulled abruptly out of school just a few months short of graduation : everyone said that her parents forced her into an early procedure . 
 she frowns and shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know ... i 'm not sure ... '' she brings her fingernails to her mouth , and i see that her cuticles are gnawed to shreds . 
 my stomach surges . 
 i need to get out of here . 
 i never should have come . 
 `` good to see you , willow , '' i say . 
 i start to inch slowly around her , trying not to move too quickly even though i 'm desperate to break into a run . 
 all of a sudden , willow reaches out and puts an arm around my neck , pulling me close , as though she wants to kiss me . 
 i cry out and strain against her , but she is surprisingly strong . 
 with one hand , she begins feeling her way across my face , prodding my cheeks and chin , like a blind person . 
 the feel of her nails on my skin makes me think of small , sharp-clawed rodents . 
 `` please . '' 
 to my horror , i find that i am almost crying . 
 my throat is spasming ; fear makes it hard to breathe . 
 `` please let me go . '' 
 her fingers find my procedural scar . 
 all at once , she seems to deflate . 
 for a second , her eyes click into focus , and when she looks at me , i see the old willow : smart and defiant and , now , in this moment , defeated . 
 `` hana tate , '' she says sadly . 
 `` they got you , too . '' 
 then she releases me , and i run . 
 lena coral slows us down . 
 she has no visible injuries , now that she has bathed and had various cuts and scrapes bandaged , but she is obviously weak . 
 she falls behind as soon as we begin to move , and alex hangs back with her . 
 in the early part of the day , even though i try to ignore it , i can hear the ribbon of their conversation weaving up and through the other voices . 
 once , i hear alex burst out laughing . 
 in the afternoon , we come across a large oak . 
 its trunk has been gouged and slashed with various lines . 
 i let out a cry of recognition as soon as i see it : a triangle , followed by a number and a rudimentary arrow . 
 it 's bram 's knife pattern , the specific series of markings he used during relocation from the northern homestead last year to mark our progress and help us find our way back in the spring . 
 this mark i remember specifically ; it indicates the way to a house we came across last year , intact and inhabited by a family of invalids . 
 raven must recognize it too . 
 `` jackpot , '' she says , grinning . 
 then she raises her voice to the group . 
 `` this way to a roof ! '' 
 there are whoops and exclamations . 
 just a week outside of civilization makes us crave the simplest things : roofs and walls and tubs full of steaming water . 
 soap . 
 it 's less than a mile to the house , and when i see the gabled roof , covered in a fur of brown and tangled ivy , my heart leaps . 
 the wilds-so vast and changeable , so disorienting-also make us lust for the familiar . 
 i burst out to julian , `` we stopped here last autumn . 
 during the journey south from portland . 
 i remember that broken window-see how they 've patched it with wood ? 
 and the little stone chimney peeking up over the ivy . '' 
 i notice , though , that the house is more run-down than it was even six short months ago . 
 its stone facade is darker , coated with a slick surface of black mold that has webbed itself into the caulking . 
 the small clearing around the house , where last year we pitched our tents , is overgrown with high brown grasses and thorned plants . 
 there is no smoke piping from the chimney . 
 it must be cold inside the house with no fire going . 
 last autumn the kids ran out to intercept us when we were halfway to the front door . 
 they were always outside , laughing and shouting , teasing one another . 
 now there is quiet and stillness , except the wind through the ivy , a slow sigh . 
 i begin to feel uneasy . 
 the others must feel it too . 
 we 've covered the last mile quickly , moving together as one large group , buoyed by the promise of a real meal , an indoor space , a chance to feel like humans . 
 but now everyone falls silent . 
 raven reaches the door first . 
 she hesitates with a fist raised ; then she knocks . 
 the sound is hollow and overloud in the stillness . 
 nothing happens . 
 `` maybe they 're out gathering , '' i say . 
 i 'm trying to quell the panic that is building , the spiky sense of fear i used to get whenever i ran past the graveyard in portland . 
 better go fast , hana used to say , or they 'll reach out and grab your ankles . 
 raven does n't answer . 
 she puts her hand on the knob and turns . 
 the door opens . 
 she turns to tack . 
 he unslings his rifle and passes in front of her into the house . 
 raven seems relieved that he has taken the lead . 
 she removes a knife from the belt she wears on her h * ps and follows him inside . 
 the rest of us flow in after them . 
 it smells terrible . 
 a little light penetrates the darkness , spilling in from the open door and piercing the wooden slats that cover the broken window . 
 we can just see the bare outlines of the furniture , much of it smashed or overturned . 
 someone lets out a cry . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 julian finds my hand in the darkness and squeezes . 
 nobody answers . 
 tack and raven move farther into the room , their shoes crunching on broken glass . 
 tack takes the butt of his rifle and slams it , hard , against the wooden slats in the window ; they break apart easily , and more light flows into the room . 
 no wonder it smells so bad ; there is food , rotted , spilling out of an overturned copper pot . 
 when i take a step forward , insects scurry into the corners . 
 i fight down a surge of nausea . 
 `` god , '' julian mutters . 
 `` i 'll check the upstairs , '' tack says , at normal volume , which makes me jump . 
 someone clicks on a flashlight , and the beam sweeps over the littered floor . 
 then i remember that i , too , have a flashlight , and i fumble in my backpack for it . 
 i move with julian into the kitchen , keeping the flashlight in front of me , rigid , as though it will protect us . 
 there are more signs of struggle here-a few smashed glass jars , more insects and rotting food . 
 i draw my sleeve up to my nose and breathe through it . 
 i pass the beam of light over the pantry shelves . 
 they are still fairly well-stocked : jars of pickled vegetables and meats are lined neatly next to bundles of dried jerky . 
 the jars are labeled with neat , handwritten script that identifies their contents , and i feel a sudden vertigo , a wild swinging , as i remember a woman with fire-red hair , bending over a jar with her pen , smiling , saying , there 's hardly any paper left at all . 
 soon we 'll have to guess at what 's what . 
 `` clear , '' tack announces . 
 we hear him thudding back downstairs , and julian draws me through the short hallway and into the main room , where most of the group is still assembled . 
 `` scavengers again ? '' 
 gordo asks gruffly . 
 tack passes a hand through his hair . 
 `` they were n't looking for food or supplies , '' i say . 
 `` the pantry 's still stocked . '' 
 `` maybe it was n't scavengers at all , '' bram says . 
 `` maybe the family just took off . '' 
 `` what ? 
 and trashed the place before they split ? '' 
 tack toes a metal cup . 
 `` and left their food behind ? '' 
 `` maybe they were in a hurry , '' bram insists . 
 but i can tell even he does n't believe it ; the atmosphere in the house is rancid , wrong . 
 this is a house where something very bad has happened , and all of us can feel it . 
 i move toward the open door and step out onto the porch , inhaling clean , outside smells , scents of space and growth . 
 i wish we 'd never come . 
 half the group has already retreated outside . 
 dani is moving across the yard slowly , parting the grasses with a hand-looking for what , i do n't know-as though she is wading through knee-high water . 
 from the back of the house i hear shouted conversation ; then raven 's voice , rising above the noise . 
 `` get back , get back . 
 do n't go down there . 
 i said , do n't go down there . '' 
 my stomach tightens . 
 she found something . 
 she comes around the side of the house , breathless . 
 her eyes are shiny , bright with anger . 
 but all she says is , `` i found them . '' 
 she does n't have to say that they 're dead . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i croak . 
 `` bottom of the hill , '' she says shortly , then she pushes past me , back into the house . 
 i do n't want to return inside , to the smell and the darkness and the fine layering of death that covers everything-that 's what it is , that wrong-thing , that evil silence-but i do . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 tack asks . 
 he 's still standing in the middle of the room . 
 everyone else surrounds him in a semicircle , frozen , quiet , and for a moment , when i reenter the room , i have the impression of statues , gripped in gray light . 
 `` evidence of a fire , '' raven says , and then adds , a little more quietly , `` bone . '' 
 `` i knew it . '' 
 coral 's voice sounds high and slightly hysterical . 
 `` they were here . 
 i knew it . '' 
 `` they 're gone now , '' raven says soothingly . 
 `` they wo n't be back . '' 
 `` it was n't scavengers . '' 
 all of us whip around . 
 alex is standing in the doorway . 
 something red-a ribbon , or strip of fabric-is balled loosely in his fist . 
 `` i told you not to go down there , '' raven says . 
 she is glaring at him-but beneath the anger , i see fear as well . 
 he ignores her and passes into the room , shaking out the fabric as he does , holding it up for us to see : it 's a long strip of red plastic tape . 
 at intervals it is imprinted with an image of a skull and crossbones , and the words caution : biohazard . 
 `` the whole area 's cordoned off , '' alex says . 
 he keeps his face neutral , but his voice has a strangled quality , as though he is speaking through a muffler . 
 now i feel like the statue . 
 i want to speak , but my mind has gone blank . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 pike says . 
 he has been in the wilds since he was a child . 
 he knows hardly anything about life inside the bordered places-about the regulators and the health initiatives , the quarantines and the prisons , the fears of contamination . 
 alex turns to him . 
 `` the infected are n't buried . 
 they 're either kept apart , in the prison yards , or they 're burned . '' 
 for just a second , alex 's eyes slide to mine . 
 i am the only person here who knows that his father 's body was buried in the tiny prison courtyard of the crypts , unmarked , uncelebrated ; i am the only person who knows that for years alex visited the makeshift grave and wrote his father 's name in marker on a stone , to keep him from being forgotten . 
 i 'm sorry , i try to think to him , but his eyes have already passed over me . 
 `` is it true , raven ? '' 
 tack asks sharply . 
 she opens her mouth , then closes it again . 
 for a second i think she 'll deny it . 
 but at last she says , in a tone of resignation , `` it looks like regulators . '' 
 there 's a collective inhale . 
 `` fuck , '' hunter mutters . 
 pike says , `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 `` regulators ... '' julian repeats . 
 `` but that means ... '' `` the wilds are n't safe anymore , '' i finish for him . 
 the panic is building now , cresting in my chest . 
 `` the wilds are n't ours anymore . '' 
 `` happy now ? '' 
 raven asks alex , shooting him a dirty look . 
 `` they had to know , '' he says shortly . 
 `` all right . '' 
 tack holds up his hands . 
 `` settle down . 
 this does n't change anything . 
 we already knew the scavengers were on the prowl . 
 we 'll just have to be on our guard . 
 remember , the regulators do n't know the wilds . 
 they 're not used to wilderness or open territory . 
 this is our land . '' 
 i know tack is doing his best to reassure us , but he 's wrong about one thing : something has changed . 
 it 's one thing to bomb us from the skies . 
 but the regulators have broken through the barriers , real and imagined , that have been keeping our worlds apart . 
 they 've torn through the fabric of invisibility that has cloaked us for years . 
 suddenly i remember one time coming home to find that a raccoon had somehow worked its way into aunt carol 's house and chewed through all the cereal boxes , scattering crumbs in every room . 
 we cornered it in the bathroom and uncle william shot it , saying it probably carried disease . 
 the raccoon had left crumbs in my sheets ; it had been in my bed . 
 i washed the sheets a full three times before i would sleep in them again , and even then i had dreams of tiny claws digging into my skin . 
 `` let 's get some of this mess cleared out , '' tack says . 
 `` we 'll fit as many people inside as we can . 
 the rest will camp outside . '' 
 `` we 're staying here ? '' 
 julian bursts out . 
 tack stares at him hard . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because ... '' julian looks helplessly at everyone else . 
 no one will meet his gaze . 
 `` people were killed here . 
 it 's just ... wrong . '' 
 `` what 's wrong is heading back into the wilds when we 've got a roof , and a pantry stocked with food , and better traps here than the pieces of crap we 've been using , '' tack says sharply . 
 `` the regulators have been here once . 
 they wo n't be back again . 
 they did their job the first time around . '' 
 julian looks to me for help . 
 but i know tack too well , and i know the wilds , too . 
 i just shake my head at julian . 
 do n't argue . 
 raven says , `` we 'll get the smell out faster if we break open some more windows . '' 
 `` there 's firewood stacked and split out back , '' alex says . 
 `` i can get a fire started . '' 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 tack does n't look at julian again . 
 `` it 's settled . 
 we camp here for the night . '' 
 we pile the debris out back . 
 i try not to look too much at the shattered bowls , the splintered chairs , or think about the fact that six months ago i sat in them , warm and fed . 
 we scrub the floors with vinegar we find in the cupboards , and raven gathers some dried grass from the yard outside and burns it in the corners , until the sweet , choking smell of rot is finally driven out . 
 raven sends me out with a few small traps , and julian volunteers to come with me . 
 he 's probably looking for an excuse to get away from the house . 
 i can tell that even after we 've cleaned the rooms of almost all evidence of the struggle , he 's still uncomfortable . 
 we walk in silence for a bit , across the overgrown yard , into the thick tangle of trees . 
 the sky is stained pink and purple , and the shadows are thick , stark brushstrokes on the ground . 
 but the air is still warm , and several trees are crowned with tiny green leaves . 
 i like seeing the wilds this way : skinny , nak * d , not yet clothed in spring . 
 but reaching , too , grasping and growing , full of want and a thirst for sun that gets slaked a little bit more every day . 
 soon the wilds will explode , drunk and vibrant . 
 julian helps me place the traps , tamping them down in the soft dirt to conceal them . 
 i like this feeling : of warm earth ; of julian 's fingertips . 
 when we 've positioned all three traps and marked their locations by tying a length of twine around the trees that encircle them , julian says , `` i do n't think i can go back there . 
 not yet . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i stand up , wiping my hands on my jeans . 
 i 'm not ready to go back either . 
 it 's not just the house . 
 it 's alex. it 's the group , too , the fighting and factions , resentments and push-back . 
 it 's so different from what i found when i first came to the wilds at the old homestead : there , everyone seemed like family . 
 julian straightens up too . 
 he runs a hand through his hair . 
 abruptly he says , `` remember when we first met ? '' 
 `` when the scavengers - ? '' 
 i start to say , and he cuts me off . 
 `` no , no . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` before that . 
 at the dfa meeting . '' 
 i nod . 
 it 's still strange to imagine that the boy i saw that day-the poster child for the anti-deliria cause , the embodiment of correctness-could be even remotely connected to the boy who walks beside me , hair tangled across his forehead like twisted strands of caramel , face ruddy from cold . 
 this is what amazes me : that people are new every day . 
 that they are never the same . 
 you must always invent them , and they must invent themselves , too . 
 `` you left your glove . 
 and you came in and found me looking at photographs ... . '' 
 `` i remember , '' i say . 
 `` surveillance images , right ? 
 you told me you were looking for invalid camps . '' 
 `` that was a lie . '' 
 julian shakes his head . 
 `` i just-i liked seeing all that openness . 
 that space , you know ? 
 but i never imagined-even when i dreamed about the wilds and the unbordered places-i did n't think it could really be like this . '' 
 i reach out and take his hand , give it a squeeze . 
 `` i knew you were lying , '' i say . 
 julian 's eyes are pure blue today , a summer color . 
 sometimes they turn stormy , like the ocean at dawn ; other times they are as pale as new sky . 
 i am learning them all . 
 he traces my jaw with one finger . 
 `` lena ... '' he 's looking at me so intently , i begin to feel anxious . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i say , trying to keep my voice light . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he reaches for my other hand too . 
 `` nothing 's wrong . 
 i-i want to tell you something . '' 
 do n't , i want to say , but the word breaks apart in a fizz of laughter , the hysterical feeling i used to get just before tests . 
 he has accidentally smudged a bit of dirt across his cheekbone , and i start to giggle . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looks exasperated . 
 now that i 've started laughing , i ca n't stop . 
 `` dirt , '' i say , and reach out to touch his cheek . 
 `` covered in it . '' 
 `` lena . '' 
 he says it with such force , i finally go quiet . 
 `` i 'm trying to tell you something , okay ? '' 
 for a second we stand there in silence , staring at each other . 
 the wilds are perfectly still for once . 
 it 's as though even the trees are holding their breath . 
 i can see myself reflected in julian 's eyes-a shadow self , all form , no substance . 
 i wonder what i look like to him . 
 julian sucks in a deep breath . 
 then , all in a rush , he says , `` i love you . '' 
 just as i blurt out , `` do n't say it . '' 
 there 's another beat of silence . 
 julian looks startled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he finally says . 
 i wish i could take the words back . 
 i wish i could say i love you , too . 
 but the words are caught in the cage of my chest . 
 `` julian , you have to know how much i care about you . '' 
 i try to touch him , and he jerks backward . 
 `` do n't , '' he says . 
 he looks away from me . 
 the silence stretches long between us . 
 it is growing darker by the minute . 
 the air is textured with gray , like a charcoal drawing that has begun to smudge . 
 `` it 's because of him , is n't it ? '' 
 he says at last , clicking his eyes back to mine . 
 `` alex. '' i do n't think julian has ever said his name . 
 `` no , '' i say too forcefully . 
 `` it 's not him . 
 there 's nothing between us anymore . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 i can tell he does n't believe me . 
 `` please , '' i say . 
 i reach for him again , and this time he lets me run my hand along his jaw . 
 i crane onto my tiptoes and kiss him once . 
 he does n't pull away , but he does n't kiss me back , either . 
 `` just give me time . '' . 
 finally he gives in . 
 i take his arms and wind them around my body . 
 he kisses my nose , and then my forehead , then traces his way to my ear with his lips . 
 `` i did n't know it would be like this , '' he says in a whisper . 
 and then : `` i 'm scared . '' 
 i can feel his heart beating through the layers of our clothing . 
 i do n't know what , exactly , he is referring to-the wilds , the escape , being with me , loving someone-but i squeeze him tightly , and rest my head on the flat slope of his chest . 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm scared too . '' 
 then , from a distance , raven 's voice echoes through the thin air . 
 `` grub 's on ! 
 eat up or opt out ! '' 
 her voice startles a flock of birds . 
 they go screaming into the sky . 
 the wind picks up , and the wilds come alive again with rustling and scurrying and creaking : a constant nonsense-babble . 
 `` come on , '' i say , and take julian back toward the dead house . 
 hana explosions : a sudden shattering of the sky . 
 first one , then another ; then a dozen of them , rapid gunfire sounds , smoke and light and bursts of color against a pale-blue evening sky . 
 everyone applauds as the final round of fireworks blooms above the terrace . 
 my ears are ringing , and the smell of smoke makes my nostrils burn , but i clap too . 
 fred is officially the mayor of portland now . 
 `` hana ! '' 
 fred moves toward me , smiling , as cameras light up around him . 
 during the fireworks , as everyone surged onto the terraces of the harbor golf and country club , we were separated . 
 now he seizes my hands . 
 `` congratulations , '' i say . 
 more cameras go off-click , click , click-like another miniature volley of fireworks . 
 every time i blink , i see bursts of color behind my eyelids . 
 `` i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 `` happy for us , you mean , '' he says . 
 his hair-which he gelled and combed so carefully-has over the course of the night become increasingly unruly , and migrated forward , so a stray lock of hair falls over his right eye . 
 i feel a rush of pleasure . 
 this is my life and my place : here , next to fred hargrove . 
 `` your hair , '' i whisper . 
 he brings a hand automatically to his head , patting his hair into place again . 
 `` thank you , '' he says . 
 just then a woman i recognize vaguely from the staff of the portland daily shoulders up to fred . 
 `` mayor hargrove , '' she says , and it gives me a thrill to hear him referred to that way . 
 `` i 've been trying to get a word with you all night . 
 do you have a minute - ? '' 
 she does n't wait to hear his response but draws him away from me . 
 he turns his head over his shoulder and mouths , sorry . 
 i give him a small wave to show that i understand . 
 now that the fireworks are done , people flow back into the ballroom , where the reception will continue . 
 everyone is laughing and chattering . 
 this is a good night , a time of celebration and hope . 
 in his speech , fred promised to restore order and stability to our city and to root out the sympathizers and resisters who have nested among us-like termites , he said , slowly eroding the basic structure of our society and our values . 
 no more , he said , and everyone applauded . 
 this is what the future looks like : happy pairs , bright lights and pretty music , tasteful draped linens and pleasant conversation . 
 willow marks and grace , the rotting houses of deering highlands , and the guilt that compelled me out of the house and onto my bike yesterday-all of it seems like a bad dream . 
 i think of the way willow looked at me , so sadly : they got you , too . 
 they did n't get me , i should have said . 
 they saved me . 
 the last , wispy fingers of smoke have dispersed . 
 the green hills of the golf course are swallowed in purple shadow . 
 for a second i stand on the balcony , enjoying the order of it all : the trimmed grass and carefully plotted landscape , the pattern of day into night into day again , a predictable future , a life without pain . 
 as the crowd on the terrace thins , i catch the eye of a boy standing at the opposite side of the deck . 
 he smiles at me . 
 he looks familiar , although for a moment i ca n't place him . 
 but as he begins moving toward me , i feel a jolt of recognition . 
 steve hilt . 
 i almost do n't believe it . 
 `` hana tate , '' he says . 
 `` i guess i ca n't call you hargrove yet , can i ? '' 
 `` steven . '' 
 last summer i called him steve . 
 now it seems inappropriate . 
 he is changed ; that must be why i did n't recognize him at first . 
 as he inclines his head toward a waitress , depositing his empty wineglass on a tray , i see he has been cured . 
 but it is more than that : he is heavier , his stomach a round swell under his button-down shirt , his jawline blurring into his neck . 
 his hair is combed straight across his forehead , the same way my dad wears it . 
 i try to remember the last time i saw him . 
 it might have been the night of the raid in the highlands . 
 i had gone to the party mostly because i was hoping to see him . 
 i remember standing in the half-dark basement while the floor thudded with the rhythm of the music , sweat and moisture coating the walls , the smell of alcohol and sunscreen and bodies packed into a tight space . 
 and he had pressed his body against mine-he was so thin then , tall and skinny and tan-and i had let him slide his hands around my waist , under my shirt , and he had leaned down and pressed his lips against mine , opened my mouth with his tongue . 
 i believed i loved him . 
 i believed he loved me . 
 and then : the first scream . 
 gunfire . 
 dogs . 
 `` you look good , '' steven says . 
 even his voice sounds different . 
 again , i ca n't help but think of my father , the easy , low-belly voice of a grown-up . 
 `` so do you , '' i lie . 
 he tips his head , gives me a look that says both thanks and i know . 
 unconsciously , i withdraw a few inches . 
 i ca n't believe that i kissed him last summer . 
 i ca n't believe that i risked everything-contagion , infection-on this boy . 
 but no . 
 he was a different boy back then . 
 `` so . 
 when is the happy event ? 
 next saturday , is n't it ? '' 
 he puts his hands in his pockets and rocks back on his heels . 
 `` the friday after . '' 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` and you ? 
 you 've been paired , then ? '' 
 it never occurred to me last summer to ask . 
 `` sure have . 
 celia briggs . 
 do you know her ? 
 she 's at up now . 
 we wo n't be married until she 's finished . '' 
 i do know celia briggs . 
 she went to new friends academy , a st. anne 's rival school . 
 she had a hook nose and a loud , rattling laugh , which made it always sound as though she was fighting a bad throat infection . 
 as though he can tell what i 'm thinking , steven says , `` she 's not the prettiest girl , but she 's decent . 
 and her dad 's chief of the regulatory office , so we 'll be all set up . 
 that 's how we scored an invite to this shindig . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` not bad , i have to say . '' 
 even though we are practically the only two people left on the deck , i suddenly feel claustrophobic . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i have to force myself to look at him . 
 `` i should get back to the party . 
 it was great seeing you , though . '' 
 `` pleasure 's mine , '' he says , and winks . 
 `` enjoy yourself . '' 
 i can only nod . 
 i step in through the french doors and snag the hem of my dress on a splinter in the threshold . 
 i do n't stop ; i give my dress a sharp tug and hear it tear . 
 i push through knots of partygoers : the wealthiest and most important members of the portland community , everyone scented and powdered and well-dressed . 
 as i make my way through the room , i pick up on snatches of conversation , an ebb and flow of sound . 
 `` you know mayor hargrove has ties to the dfa . '' 
 `` not publicly . '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 seeing steven hilt has destabilized me for reasons i ca n't understand . 
 someone presses a glass of champagne into my hand , and i drink it quickly , unthinkingly . 
 the bubbles fizz in my throat , and i have to stifle a sneeze . 
 it has been a long time since i 've had anything to drink . 
 people whirl around the room , around the band , dancing two-step and waltz , arms rigid , steps graceful and defined : patterns forming and reforming , dizzying to watch . 
 two women , both tall , with the regal looks of birds of prey , stare at me as i push past them . 
 `` very pretty girl . 
 healthy-looking . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i heard her scores were rigged . 
 i think hargrove could have done better ... . '' 
 the women move off into the swirl of dancers , and i lose the thread of their voices . 
 different conversations overwhelm them . 
 `` how many kids have they been assigned ? '' 
 `` do n't know , but she looks like she can handle a litter of 'em . '' 
 heat starts to climb into my chest and cheeks . 
 me : they 're talking about me . 
 i look around for my parents or mrs. hargrove and do n't spot them . 
 i ca n't see fred , either , and i have a moment of panic-i 'm in a room full of strangers . 
 that 's when it hits me that i have no friends anymore . 
 i suppose that i will make friends with fred 's friends now-people in our class and rank , people who share similar interests . 
 people like these people . 
 i take a deep breath , trying to calm down . 
 i should n't feel this way . 
 i should feel brave , and confident , and careless . 
 `` apparently there were some problems with her last year before she was cured . 
 she started manifesting symptoms ... . '' 
 `` so many of them do , do n't they ? 
 that 's why it 's so important that the new mayor aligns himself with the dfa . 
 if they can shit a diaper , they can be cured . 
 that 's what i say . '' 
 `` please , mark , give it a rest ... . '' 
 finally i spot fred across the room , surrounded by a small crowd and flanked by two photographers . 
 i try to push my way toward him but am blocked by the crowd , which seems to be growing as the evening goes on . 
 an elbow hits me in the side , and i stumble against a woman holding a large glass of red wine . 
 `` excuse me , '' i murmur , pushing past her . 
 i hear a gasp and a few nervous titters , but i 'm too focused on getting through the crowd to worry about what has attracted their attention . 
 then my mother is barging toward me . 
 she grabs my elbow , hard . 
 `` what happened to your dress ? '' 
 she hisses . 
 i look down and see a bright red stain spreading across my chest . 
 i have the inappropriate urge to laugh ; it looks as though i 've been shot . 
 mercifully , i manage to suppress it . 
 `` a woman spilled on me , '' i say , detaching myself from her . 
 `` i was just about to go to the bathroom . '' 
 as soon as i say it , i feel relieved : i 'll get a break in the bathroom . 
 `` well , hurry up . '' 
 she shakes her head at me , as though it 's my fault . 
 `` fred is going to make a toast soon . '' 
 `` i 'll hurry , '' i tell her . 
 in the hall , it 's much cooler , and my footsteps are suctioned away by the plush carpet . 
 i head for the women 's room , ducking my head to avoid making eye contact with the handful of guests who have trickled out into the hall . 
 a man is talking loudly , ostentatiously , into a cell phone : everyone here has that kind of money . 
 the air smells like potpourri and , faintly , cigar smoke . 
 when i reach the bathroom , i pause with my hand on the door . 
 i can hear voices murmuring inside , and a burst of laughter . 
 then a woman says , very clearly , `` she 'll make a good wife for him . 
 it 's a good thing , after what happened with cassie . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` cassie o'donnell . 
 his first pair . 
 you do n't remember ? '' 
 i pause with my hand on the door . 
 cassie o'donnell . 
 fred 's first wife . 
 i 've been told practically nothing about her . 
 i hold my breath , hoping they 'll continue speaking . 
 `` of course , of course . 
 what was it ? 
 two years ago now ? '' 
 `` three . '' 
 another voice : `` you know , my sister went to grade school with her . 
 she went by her middle name then . 
 melanea . 
 stupid name , do n't you think ? 
 my sister says she was a perfect little bitch . 
 but i guess she got hers in the end . '' 
 `` the mills of god ... '' footsteps cross toward me . 
 i take a step back , but not quickly enough . 
 the door flies open . 
 a woman is standing in the doorway . 
 she is probably only a few years older than i am , and punch-bowl pregnant . 
 startled , she draws back to allow me room to enter . 
 `` were you coming in ? '' 
 she asks pleasantly . 
 she betrays no signs of discomfort or embarrassment , even though she must suspect that i 've overheard her conversation . 
 her gaze ticks down to the stain on my dress . 
 behind her , two women are lined up in front of the mirror , watching me with identical expressions of curiosity and amusement . 
 `` no , '' i blurt , and spin around , and keep going down the hall . 
 i can imagine the women turning to one another , smirking . 
 i round a corner and plunge blindly down another hallway , this one even quieter and cooler than the last one . 
 i should n't have had the champagne ; it has made me dizzy . 
 i steady myself against the wall . 
 i have n't thought very much about cassie o'donnell , fred 's first pair . 
 all i know is that they were married for more than seven years . 
 something terrible must have happened ; people do n't get divorced anymore . 
 there 's no need . 
 it 's practically illegal . 
 maybe she could n't have children . 
 if she were biologically defective , it would be grounds for divorce . 
 fred 's words come back to me : i was afraid i 'd gotten a defective one . 
 it 's cool in the hall , and i shiver . 
 a sign indicates the way to additional restrooms down a carpeted flight of stairs . 
 here it is totally quiet except for a low , electrical hum . 
 i keep my hand on the thick banister to steady myself in my heels . 
 at the bottom of the stairs i pause . 
 this floor is n't carpeted , and it 's mostly swallowed in darkness . 
 i 've been to the harbor club only twice before , both times with fred and his mother . 
 my parents were never members , although my father is thinking of joining now . 
 fred says that half the country 's business is conducted in golf clubs like this one ; there 's a reason , he says , that the consortium made golf the national sport nearly thirty years ago . 
 a perfect golf game uses not a single wasted movement : order , form , and efficiency are its trademarks . 
 all this , i learned from fred . 
 i pass several large banquet halls , all dark , that must be used for private functions , and finally recognize the vast clubhouse cafe where fred and i once had lunch together . 
 i find the women 's bathroom at last : a pink room , like a gigantic perfumed pincushion . 
 i pull my hair into an updo and blot my face quickly with paper towels . 
 there 's nothing i can do about the stain , so i detach the sash from around my waist and tie it around my shoulders loosely , knotting it between my br ** sts . 
 it 's not the best i 've ever looked , but at least i 'm semi-presentable . 
 now that i 've oriented myself , i realize i can take a shortcut back to the ballroom by going left instead of right out of the bathroom and heading to the elevator banks . 
 as i move down the hall , i hear the low murmur of voices and a burst of television static . 
 a half-open door leads into a kitchen prep area . 
 several waiters-ties loosened , shirts partially unbuttoned , aprons off and balled up on the counter-are gathered around a small tv . 
 one of them has his feet up on the shiny metal counter . 
 `` turn it up , '' one of the kitchen girls says , and he grunts and leans forward , swinging his legs off the counter , to poke at the volume button . 
 as he settles back in his chair , i catch sight of the image on the screen : a swaying mass of green , threaded with wisps of dark smoke . 
 i feel a small , electric thrill , and without meaning to , i freeze . 
 the wilds . 
 has to be . 
 a newscaster is saying , `` in an effort to exterminate the last breeding grounds of the disease , regulators and government troops are penetrating the wilds ... . '' 
 cut to : governmental ground troops , dressed in camouflage , bumping along an interstate highway , waving and grinning at the cameras . 
 `` as the consortium gathers to debate the future of these uncharacterized areas , the president made an unscheduled speech to the press , in which he vowed to root out the remaining invalids and see them punished or treated . '' 
 cut to : president sobel , doing his infamous lean into the podium , as though he can barely keep himself from toppling it over into the audience of cameras . 
 `` it will take time and troops . 
 it will take fearlessness and patience . 
 but we will win this war ... . '' 
 cut back to : the puzzle-piece vision of green and gray , smoke and growth , and tiny , forked tongues of fire . 
 and then another image : more growth , a narrow river winding between the pine trees and willows . 
 and then another , this time in a place where the trees have been burned all the way down to the red soil . 
 `` what you 're seeing now are aerial images from all over the country , where our troops have been deployed to hunt down the last harborers of the disease ... . '' 
 for the first time , it strikes me that lena is , in all probability , dead . 
 it 's stupid that i have not thought of it until now . 
 i watch the smoke rising up from the trees and imagine little bits of lena floating away with it : nails , hair , eyelashes , all gone to ash . 
 `` turn it off , '' i say without meaning to . 
 all four waiters turn around at once . 
 immediately , they push out of their chairs , readjust their ties , and begin tucking their shirts into their high-waisted black pants . 
 `` can we do anything for you , miss ? '' 
 one of them , an older man , asks politely . 
 another reaches out and turns off the television . 
 the resulting silence is unexpected . 
 `` no , i ... '' i shake my head . 
 `` i was just trying to find my way back to the ballroom . '' 
 the older waiter blinks once , his face impassive . 
 he steps out into the hall and points toward the elevators , which are less than ten feet away . 
 `` you 'll just want to go up one floor , miss . 
 the ballroom is at the end of the hall . '' 
 he must think i 'm an idiot , but he keeps smiling pleasantly . 
 `` would you like me to escort you upstairs ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say too forcefully . 
 `` no , i 'll be fine . '' 
 i practically take off running down the hallway . 
 i can feel the waiter 's eyes on me . 
 i 'm relieved that the elevator arrives quickly , and i exhale as the doors slide shut behind me . 
 i lean my forehead briefly against the elevator wall , which feels cool against my skin , and inhale . 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 when the elevator doors slide open , the sound of voices swells-a roar of applause-and i round the corner and step into the fierce glare of the ballroom just as a thousand voices echo , `` to your future wife ! '' 
 i see fred onstage , raising a glass of champagne , the color of liquid gold . 
 i see a thousand bright and bloated faces turned toward me , like swollen moons . 
 i see more champagne , more liquid , more swimming . 
 i bring my hand up . 
 i wave . 
 i smile . 
 more applause . 
 in the car on the way home from the party , fred is quiet . 
 he has insisted that he would like to be alone with me , and has sent his mother and my parents ahead of us with a different driver . 
 i had assumed he had something to say to me , but so far , he has n't spoken . 
 his arms are crossed , and he has tucked his chin to his chest . 
 he looks almost as though he is sleeping . 
 but i recognize the gesture ; he has inherited it from his father . 
 it means that he is thinking . 
 `` i think it was a success , '' i say , after the silence becomes intolerable . 
 `` mmm . '' 
 he rubs his eyes . 
 `` are you tired ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm all right . '' 
 he lifts his chin . 
 then , abruptly , he leans forward and knocks on the window that separates us from the driver . 
 `` pull over for a second , tom , will you ? '' 
 tom pulls the car over immediately and cuts the engine . 
 it 's dark , and i ca n't see exactly where we are . 
 on either side of the car are looming walls of dark trees . 
 once the headlights switch off , it 's practically pitch-black . 
 the only light comes from a streetlamp fifty feet ahead of us . 
 `` what are we - ? '' 
 i start to ask , but fred turns to me and cuts me off . 
 `` remember the time i explained the rules of golf to you ? '' 
 he says . 
 i 'm so startled , both by the urgency in his voice and the randomness of the question , i can only nod . 
 `` i told you , '' he says , `` about the importance of the caddy . 
 always a step behind-an invisible ally , a secret weapon . 
 without a good caddy , even the best golfer can be sunk . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 the car feels small and too hot . 
 fred 's breath smells sour , like alcohol . 
 i fumble to open the window , but of course , i ca n't . 
 the engine is off ; the windows are locked . 
 fred runs a hand agitatedly through his hair . 
 `` look , what i 'm saying is that you 're my caddy . 
 do you understand that ? 
 i expect you-i need you-to be behind me one hundred percent . '' 
 `` i am , '' i say , and then clear my throat and repeat it . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he leans forward another inch and places a hand on my leg . 
 `` you 'll support me always , no matter what ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i feel a flicker of uncertainty-and beneath that , fear . 
 i have never seen fred so intense before . 
 his hand is gripping my thigh so tightly , i 'm worried he 'll leave a mark . 
 `` that 's what pairing is about . '' 
 fred stares at me for a second longer . 
 then , all at once , he releases me . 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 he taps casually against the driver 's window once more , which tom takes as a signal to start the car again and keep driving . 
 fred leans back , as though nothing has happened . 
 `` i 'm glad we understand each other . 
 cassie never understood me . 
 she did n't listen . 
 that was a big part of the problem . '' 
 the car starts moving again . 
 `` cassie ? '' 
 my heart knocks against my rib cage . 
 `` cassandra . 
 my first pair . '' 
 fred smiles tightly . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i say . 
 for a moment he does n't say anything . 
 then , abruptly : `` do you know what my father 's problem was ? '' 
 i can tell he does n't expect an answer , but i shake my head anyway . 
 `` he believed in people . 
 he believed that if people could only be shown the right way-the way to health and order , a way to be free of unhappiness-they would make the right choice . 
 they would obey . 
 he was naive . '' 
 fred turns to me again . 
 his face has been swallowed up by darkness . 
 `` he did n't understand . 
 people are stubborn and stupid . 
 they 're irrational . 
 they 're destructive . 
 that 's the point , is n't it ? 
 that 's the whole reason for the cure . 
 people will no longer destroy their own lives . 
 they wo n't be capable of it . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i think of lena and those pictures of the wilds on fire . 
 i wonder what she would be doing now had she stayed . 
 she would be sleeping soundly in a decent bed ; she would rise tomorrow to the sun coming up over the bay . 
 fred turns back to the window , and his voice becomes steely . 
 `` we 've been lax . 
 we 've allowed too much freedom already , and too much occasion for rebellion . 
 it must stop . 
 i wo n't allow it anymore ; i wo n't watch my city , my country , be consumed from inside . 
 it ends now . '' 
 even though fred and i are now separated by a foot of space , i 'm as frightened of him as i was when he was grabbing my thigh . 
 i have never seen him like this , either-hard and foreign . 
 `` what are you planning to do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we need a system , '' he says . 
 `` we 'll reward people who follow the rules . 
 it 's the same principle , really , as training a dog . '' 
 i flash to the woman at the party : she looks like she can handle a litter of 'em . 
 `` and we 'll punish the people who do n't conform . 
 not bodily , of course . 
 this is a civilized country . 
 i plan on appointing douglas finch as the new minister of energy . '' 
 `` minister of energy ? '' 
 i repeat . 
 i 've never heard the term . 
 we reach a stoplight-one of the few that still work downtown . 
 fred gestures vaguely at it . 
 `` power is n't free . 
 energy is n't free . 
 it has to be earned . 
 electricity-light , heat-will be given to the people who have earned it . '' 
 for a moment i ca n't think of any response . 
 power-outages and blackouts have always been mandatory during certain hours of the night , and in the poorer neighborhoods , especially now , many families simply choose to do without dishwashers and laundry machines . 
 they 're just too expensive to maintain . 
 but everyone has always had the right to electricity . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i finally ask . 
 fred takes my question literally . 
 `` it 's simple , actually . 
 the grid 's already in place , and all this stuff is computerized nowadays . 
 it 's simply a matter of collecting the data and a few keystrokes . 
 one click turns on the juice ; one click turns it off . 
 finch will be in charge of all that . 
 and we can reevaluate every six months or so . 
 we want to be fair about it . 
 like i said , this is a civilized country . '' 
 `` there will be riots , '' i say . 
 fred shrugs . 
 `` i expect a certain amount of initial resistance , '' he says . 
 `` that 's why it 's so important that you be on my side . 
 look , once we get the right people behind us-the important people-everyone else will fall in line . 
 they 'll have to . '' 
 fred reaches out and takes my hand . 
 he squeezes it . 
 `` they 'll learn that rioting and resistance will just make things worse . 
 we need a zero-tolerance policy . '' 
 my mind is spinning . 
 no power means no lights , no refrigeration , no working ovens . 
 no furnaces . 
 `` what will people do for heat ? '' 
 i blurt out . 
 fred laughs a little , indulgently , as though i 'm a puppy and have just learned a new trick . 
 `` summer 's almost here , '' he says . 
 `` i do n't think heat will be a problem . '' 
 `` but what happens when it starts to get cold ? '' 
 i persist . 
 in maine , the winters often last from september until may . 
 last year we had eighty inches of snow . 
 i think of skinny grace , with her doorknob elbows , her shoulder blades like peaked wings . 
 `` what will they do then ? '' 
 `` i guess they 'll find out that freedom does n't keep you warm , '' he says , and i can hear the smile in his voice . 
 he leans forward and knocks on the driver 's window again . 
 `` how about some music ? 
 i 'm in the mood for a little music . 
 something upbeat-don ' t you think , hana ? '' 
 lena night is coming quickly , and with it , the cold . 
 we 're lost . 
 we 're looking for an old highway that should lead us toward waterbury . 
 pike is convinced we 're too far north ; raven thinks we 're too far south . 
 we 're striking out mostly blind , using a compass and a series of old sketches that have been passed back and forth among other traders and invalids , filled in a little at a time , showing a random scattering of landmarks : rivers ; dismantled roads and old towns , bombed by the blitz ; the borders of the established cities , so we know to avoid them ; ravines and impassable places . 
 direction , like time , is a general thing , deprived of boundaries and borders . 
 it is an endless process of interpretation and reinterpretation , doubling back and adjusting . 
 we come to a stop while pike and raven argue it out . 
 my shoulders are aching . 
 i unload my pack and sit on top of it , take a swig of water from the jug i have looped to the belt around my waist . 
 julian is hovering behind raven , red-faced , his hair dark with sweat and his jacket tied around his waist . 
 he 's trying to see beyond her , to the map that pike is holding . 
 he is getting skinnier . 
 at the periphery of the group , alex is sitting , like me , on his pack . 
 coral does the same , inching closer to him so their knees are touching . 
 over the course of a few short days , they have become practically inseparable . 
 even though i want to , i ca n't bring myself to look away from him . 
 i do n't understand what he and coral have to talk about . 
 they talk while they hike , and while they set up camp . 
 they talk at mealtimes , sequestered in the corner . 
 meanwhile , he hardly speaks with anyone else , and he has not exchanged a single word with me since our confrontation with the bear . 
 she must have asked him a question , because i see him shake his head . 
 and then , just for a second , both of them look up at me . 
 i turn away quickly , heat rushing to my cheeks . 
 they were talking about me . 
 i know it . 
 i wonder what she asked him . 
 do you know that girl ? 
 she 's staring at you . 
 do you think lena 's pretty ? 
 i squeeze my fists until my nails dig into the flesh of my palms , inhale deeply , and will away the thought . 
 alex and what he thinks of me are irrelevant . 
 pike is saying , `` i 'm telling you , we should have gone east at the old church . 
 it 's marked on the map . '' 
 `` that is n't a church , '' raven argues , snatching the map back from him . 
 `` it 's the tree we passed earlier-the one split by lightning . 
 and it means we should have continued north . '' 
 `` i 'm telling you , that 's a cross - '' `` why do n't we send out scouts ? '' 
 julian interrupts them . 
 startled into silence , they turn to him . 
 raven frowns , and pike stares at julian with open hostility . 
 my stomach starts squirming , and i silently pray in his direction : do n't get involved . 
 do n't say anything stupid . 
 but julian continues calmly , `` we move more slowly as a group , and it 's a waste of our time and energy if we 're headed in the wrong direction . '' 
 for a second i see his old self float to the surface , the julian of conferences and posters , the youth leader of the dfa , self-assured . 
 `` so i say two people head north - '' `` why north ? '' 
 pike breaks in angrily . 
 julian barely misses a beat . 
 `` or south , whichever . 
 hike for half a day , look for the highway . 
 if it is n't there , hike in the other direction . 
 at least we 'll get more of a sense of the terrain . 
 we can help orient the group . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 raven parrots . 
 julian looks at her . 
 `` i want to volunteer , '' he says . 
 `` it 's not safe , '' i burst out , climbing to my feet . 
 `` there are scavengers patrolling-maybe regulators , too . 
 we need to stick together . 
 otherwise we 're easy prey . '' 
 `` she 's right , '' raven says , turning back to julian . 
 `` it is n't safe . '' 
 `` i 've dealt with scavengers before , '' julian argues . 
 `` and almost died , '' i fire back . 
 he smiles . 
 `` i did n't , though . '' 
 `` i 'll go with him . '' 
 tack spits a thick wad of tobacco onto the ground and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 i glare at him . 
 he ignores me . 
 he has made no secret of the fact that he thinks it was a mistake to have rescued julian and a liability to have him with us . 
 `` you know how to shoot a gun ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` he does n't . '' 
 now everyone 's looking at me , but i do n't care . 
 i do n't know what julian 's trying to prove , but i do n't like it . 
 `` i can handle a gun , '' julian lies quickly . 
 tack nods . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 he extracts another bit of tobacco from a pouch he wears around his neck and balls it into his mouth . 
 `` let me unload some of my pack . 
 we 'll leave in half an hour . '' 
 `` okay , everyone . '' 
 raven raises her arms in a gesture of resignation . 
 `` we might as well camp here . '' 
 the group , as one , begins to shed packs and shake supplies out on the ground , like a single animal molting its skin . 
 i grab julian 's arm and draw him away from everybody else . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i 'm struggling to keep my voice down . 
 i can see alex watching us . 
 he looks amused . 
 i wish i had something to throw at him . 
 i take julian and swivel him around , so he blocks alex from my view . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he shoves his hands in his pockets . 
 `` do n't play dumb , '' i say . 
 `` you should n't have volunteered to scout . 
 this is n't a joke , julian . 
 we 're in the middle of a war . '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's a joke . '' 
 his calmness is infuriating . 
 `` i know better than anyone else what the other side is capable of , remember ? '' 
 i look away , biting my lip . 
 he has a point . 
 if anyone knows about the tactics of the zombies , it 's julian fineman . 
 `` you still do n't know the wilds , '' i insist . 
 `` and tack wo n't protect you . 
 if you get attacked-if anything happens , and it 's a question of you or the rest of us-he 'll leave you . 
 he wo n't endanger the group . '' 
 `` lena . '' 
 julian puts his hands on my shoulders and forces me to look at him . 
 `` nothing 's going to happen , okay ? '' 
 `` you do n't know that , '' i say . 
 i know i 'm overreacting , but i ca n't help it . 
 for some reason , i feel like crying . 
 i think of the quietness of julian 's voice as he said i love you , the steadiness of his rib cage rising and falling against my back , as we sleep . 
 i love you , julian . 
 but the words do n't come . 
 `` the others do n't trust me , '' julian says . 
 i open my mouth to protest , but he cuts me off . 
 `` do n't try and deny it . 
 you know it 's true . '' 
 i do n't contradict him . 
 `` so what ? 
 you need to prove yourself ? '' 
 he sighs and rubs his eyes . 
 `` i chose to make my place here , lena . 
 i chose to make my place with you . 
 now i have to earn it . 
 it 's not about proving myself . 
 but like you said , there 's a war on . 
 i do n't want to sit on the sidelines . '' 
 he leans forward and kisses my forehead once . 
 he still hesitates for just a fraction of a second before he kisses me , as though he has to shake out that old fear , the terror of touch and contamination . 
 `` why are you so upset about this ? 
 nothing will happen . '' 
 i 'm scared , i want to say . 
 i have a bad feeling . 
 i love you and do n't want you to get hurt . 
 but again , it 's as though the words are trapped , buried under past fears and past lives , like fossils compressed under layers of dirt . 
 `` we 'll be back in a few hours , '' julian says , and cups my chin briefly . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 but they are n't back by dinnertime , and they are n't back by the time we rake dirt over the fire , extinguishing it for the night . 
 it 's a liability now , and even though we 'll be colder , and julian and tack will have trouble finding their way to us without it , raven is insistent . 
 i volunteer to stay up and stand watch . 
 i 'm too anxious to sleep . 
 raven gives me an extra coat from our store of clothing . 
 the nights are still edged with a hard chill . 
 a few hundred feet from the camp is a slight incline , and an old cement wall , still imprinted with ghostly loops of graffiti , that will shield me from the wind . 
 i huddle up with my back against the stone , cupping the mug of hot water raven boiled for me earlier to help warm my fingers . 
 my gloves were lost , or stolen , somewhere between the new york homestead and here , and now i have to do without . 
 the moon rises and touches the camp-the slumbering forms , the domed tents and makeshift shelters-with a fine white sheen . 
 in the distance , a water tower , still intact , hovers over the trees like a steel insect , perched on long , spindly legs . 
 the sky is clear and cloudless , and thousands of stars float out of the darkness . 
 an owl hoots , a hollow , mournful sound that echoes through the woods . 
 from even this short distance , the camp looks peaceful , wrapped up in its white haze , surrounded by the splintered wrecks of old houses : roofs collapsed into the ground , a swing set , overturned , its plastic slide still protruding from the dirt . 
 after two hours , i 'm yawning so much my jaw aches , and my whole body feels as though it has been filled with wet sand . 
 i lean my head back against the wall , struggling to keep my eyes open . 
 the stars above me blur together ... they became one beam of light-sunshine-hana is stepping out of the sunshine , leaves in her hair , saying , `` was n't it a funny joke ? 
 i was never planning to get cured , you know ... '' her eyes are locked on mine , and as she steps forward , i see she 's about to put her foot in a trap . 
 i try to warn her , but - snap . 
 i jolt awake , heart throbbing in my throat , and quickly , as quietly as possible , move into a crouch . 
 the air is still again , but i know i did n't imagine or dream the sound : the sound of a twig snapping . 
 the sound of a footstep . 
 let it be julian , i think . 
 let it be tack . 
 i scan the camp and see a shadow moving between the tents . 
 i tense up and reach forward , ever so slowly , easing the rifle into my hands . 
 my fingers are swollen with cold , and clumsy . 
 the gun feels heavier than it did earlier . 
 the figure steps into a patch of moonlight , and i exhale . 
 it 's just coral . 
 her skin shines a vivid white in the moonlight , and she is wearing an oversized sweatshirt that i recognize as belonging to alex. my stomach clenches . 
 i bring the rifle up to my shoulder , swing the muzzle toward her , think : bang . 
 i bring the gun down quickly , ashamed . 
 my former people were not totally wrong . 
 love is a kind of possession . 
 it 's a poison . 
 and if alex no longer loves me , i ca n't bear to think that he might love somebody else . 
 coral disappears into the woods , probably to pee . 
 my legs are cramping , so i straighten up . 
 i 'm too tired to stand guard any longer . 
 i 'll go down and wake up raven , who volunteered to replace me . 
 snap . 
 another footstep , this one closer and on the east side of the camp . 
 coral went north . 
 instantly , i 'm on alert again . 
 then i see him : he inches slowly forward , gun raised , emerging from behind a thick copse of evergreens . 
 i can tell right away he 's not a scavenger . 
 his posture is too perfect , his gun too pristine , his clothing well-fitted . 
 my heart stops . 
 a regulator . 
 must be . 
 and that means the wilds really have been breached . 
 despite all the evidence , a part of me has been hoping it was n't true . 
 for a second everything gets silent , and then frighteningly loud , as the blood rushes to my head , pounding in my ears , and the night seems to light up with frightening hoots and screams , alien and wild , animals prowling the dark . 
 my palms are sweating as i bring the gun once more to my shoulder . 
 my throat is dry . 
 i track the regulator as he moves closer to the camp . 
 i put my finger on the trigger . 
 panic is building in my chest . 
 i do n't know whether to shoot . 
 i 've never shot anything from this distance . 
 i 've never shot a person . 
 i do n't even know that i could . 
 shit , shit , shit , shit . 
 i wish tack were here . 
 shit . 
 what would raven do ? 
 he reaches the edge of the camp . 
 he lowers his gun , and i move my finger off the trigger . 
 maybe he 's just a scout . 
 maybe he 's supposed to report back . 
 that will give us time to move , to clear out , to prepare . 
 maybe we 'll be okay . 
 then coral reemerges from the woods . 
 for a split second she stands there , frozen stiff and white as though framed in a photographer 's flash . 
 for a split second , he does n't move either . 
 then she gasps , and he swings his gun toward her , and without thinking or planning on it , my finger finds the trigger again and pulls . 
 the regulator 's knee goes and he cries out , sinking to the ground . 
 then everything is chaos . 
 the kick of the rifle knocks me backward , and i stumble , trying to keep my balance . 
 a jagged tooth of rock bites sharply into my back , and pain shoots from my ribs to my shoulder . 
 there are more gunshots-one , two-and then shouting . 
 i sprint down toward the camp . 
 in less than a minute , it has unfolded , opened , turned into a swarm of people and voices . 
 the regulator is lying facedown in the dirt , arms and legs splayed . 
 a pool of blood extends like a dark shadow around him . 
 dani is standing near him with her handgun out . 
 she must have been the one to kill him . 
 coral has her arms wrapped around her waist , looking shocked and slightly guilty , as though she somehow summoned the regulator to her . 
 she is uninjured , which is a relief . 
 i 'm glad that my instincts were to save her . 
 i think about centering her in my crosshairs earlier , and feel another pulse of shame . 
 this is not the person i wanted to become : hatred has carved a permanent place inside me , a hollow where things are so easily lost . 
 hatred , too , the zombies warned me about . 
 pike , hunter , and lu are all talking at the same time . 
 the rest of our group huddles in a semicircle around them , pale and frightened-looking in the moonlight , their eyes hollows , like resurrected ghosts . 
 only alex is n't standing . 
 he 's squatting , quickly and methodically repacking his backpack . 
 `` all right . '' 
 raven speaks quietly , but the urgency there commands our attention . 
 `` let 's look at the facts . 
 we have a dead regulator on our hands . '' 
 someone whimpers . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 gordo breaks in . 
 his face is wild with panic . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 `` go where ? '' 
 raven demands . 
 `` we do n't know where they are , what direction they 're coming from . 
 we could be running straight into a trap . '' 
 `` shhh . '' 
 dani hushes us sharply . 
 for a second there is total stillness , except for the low moan of wind through the trees and an owl calling . 
 then we hear it : from the south , the distant echo of voices . 
 `` i say we stay and fight , '' pike says . 
 `` this is our territory . '' 
 `` we do n't fight unless we have to , '' raven says , turning on him . 
 `` we do n't know how many regulators there are , or what kind of weapons they have . 
 they 're better fed and stronger than we are . '' 
 `` i 'm sick of running , '' pike fires back . 
 `` we 're not running , '' she says calmly . 
 she turns back to the rest of the group . 
 `` we 're going to divide . 
 spread out around the camp . 
 hide . 
 some of us can head down to the old riverbed . 
 i 'll be watching from the hill . 
 rocks , bushes , whatever looks like it will conceal you-use it . 
 climb a tree , for shit 's sake . 
 just stay out of sight . '' 
 she looks to each of us in turn . 
 pike stubbornly refuses to meet her gaze . 
 `` take your guns , knives-anything you have . 
 but remember , we do n't fight unless we have to . 
 do n't do anything until my signal , okay ? 
 nobody moves . 
 nobody breathes , coughs , sneezes , or farts . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 pike spits on the ground . 
 no one speaks . 
 `` all right , '' raven says . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 the group breaks up , quickly and wordlessly . 
 people blur past me and become shadows ; the shadows fold themselves into the dark . 
 i push my way to raven , who has knelt down beside the dead regulator and is checking him for weapons , money , whatever might be of use . 
 `` raven . '' 
 her name catches in my throat . 
 `` do you think - ? '' 
 `` they 'll be fine , '' she says without looking up . 
 she knows i was going to ask about julian and tack . 
 `` now get out of here . '' 
 i move through the camp at a jog , find my backpack heaped next to several others at the edge of the fire pit . 
 i sling my pack over my right shoulder ; next to the rifle , the strap digs painfully into my skin . 
 i grab two of the other packs and swing them onto my left shoulder . 
 raven jogs past me . 
 `` time to go , lena . '' 
 she , too , dissipates into the darkness . 
 i stand up , then notice that someone unpacked the medical supplies last night . 
 if anything happens-if we have to run , and ca n't come back-we 'll need those . 
 i remove one of the backpacks and kneel down . 
 the regulators are getting closer . 
 i can pick out individual voices now , individual words . 
 i am suddenly aware that the camp has been totally cleared out . 
 i 'm the only one left . 
 i unzip the backpack . 
 my hands are shaking . 
 i wrestle a sweatshirt out of the backpack , begin stuffing it instead with band-aids and bacitracin . 
 a hand clamps down on my shoulder . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 it 's alex. he gets a hand under my arm and hauls me to my feet . 
 i just manage to zip up the backpack . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i try to wrench my arm away , but he keeps a firm grip on me , practically dragging me into the woods , away from the camp . 
 i flash back to the raid night in portland when alex led me like this through a black maze of rooms ; when we huddled together on the piss-smelling floor of a storage shed and he gently wrapped my wounded leg , his hands soft and strong and strange on my skin . 
 he kissed me that night . 
 i push the memory away . 
 we plunge down a steep embankment , sinking through a rotten layer of loam and damp leaves , toward a jutting lip of land that forms a natural cave , a hollowed-out spot in the hillside . 
 alex pilots me into a crouch and practically pushes me into the small , dark space . 
 `` watch it . '' 
 pike is there too : a few glistening teeth , a bit of solid darkness . 
 he shifts slightly to accommodate us . 
 alex slides beside me , knees drawn to his chest . 
 the tents are no more than fifty feet away from us , up the hill . 
 i say a silent prayer that the regulators will think we 've run , and not waste their time searching . 
 the waiting is agony . 
 the voices from the woods have dropped away . 
 the regulators must be moving slowly now , stalking us , drawing closer . 
 maybe they 're even in the camp , threading their way past the tents : deadly , silent shadows . 
 the space is too narrow , the darkness intolerable . 
 the idea comes to me , suddenly , that we are wedged in a coffin . 
 alex shifts next to me . 
 the back of his hand brushes up against my arm . 
 my throat goes dry . 
 his breathing is quicker than usual . 
 i go stiff , perfectly rigid , until he withdraws his hand . 
 it must have been an accident . 
 another agonizing stretch of silence . 
 pike mutters , `` this is stupid . '' 
 `` shhh . '' 
 alex hushes him sharply . 
 `` sitting here like rats in a trap ... '' `` i swear , pike ... '' `` both of you be quiet , '' i whisper fiercely . 
 we lapse into silence again . 
 after a few more seconds , someone shouts . 
 alex tenses up . 
 pike eases his rifle off his shoulder , jabbing me in the side with his elbow . 
 i bite back a cry . 
 `` they 've cleared out . '' 
 the voice floats down to us from the camp . 
 so they 've arrived . 
 i guess now that they 've found the tents empty , they do n't think they need to be quiet anymore . 
 i wonder what their plan was : surround us , mow us down while we slept . 
 i wonder how many there are . 
 `` damn . 
 you were right about the shots we heard . 
 it 's don . '' 
 `` dead ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 there 's a faint rustling sound , as though someone is kicking through the tents . 
 `` look at how they live out here . 
 packed together . 
 mucking around in the dirt . 
 animals . '' 
 `` careful . 
 it 's all contaminated . '' 
 so far , i 've counted six voices . 
 `` it smells , does n't it ? 
 i can smell them . 
 shit . '' 
 `` breathe through your mouth . '' 
 `` bastards , '' pike mutters . 
 `` shhh , '' i say reflexively , even though anger has gripped me , too , alongside the fear . 
 i hate them . 
 i hate every single one of them , for thinking that they are better than us . 
 `` where do you think they 're headed ? '' 
 `` wherever it is , they ca n't have gone far . '' 
 seven distinct voices in all . 
 maybe eight . 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 and we are about two dozen . 
 still , as raven said , it 's impossible to know what kind of weapons they 're carrying , whether there are reinforcements waiting nearby . 
 `` let 's wrap it up here , then . 
 chris ? '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 my thighs have started to cramp . 
 i ease my weight backward to get some relief , pressing up against alex. he does n't pull away . 
 once again , his hand brushes my arm , and i 'm not sure if it 's accidental , or a gesture of reassurance . 
 for a second-despite everything else-my insides go white and electric , and pike and the regulators and the cold zoom away , and there is only alex 's shoulder against my shoulder , and his ribs expanding and contracting against mine , and the rough warmth of his fingers . 
 the air smells like gasoline . 
 the air smells like fire . 
 i jolt into awareness . 
 gasoline . 
 fire . 
 burning . 
 they 're burning our things . 
 now the air is popping and crackling . 
 the regulators ' voices are muffled behind the noise . 
 ribbons of smoke stream down over the hillside , float into our view , writhing like airborne snakes . 
 `` bastards , '' pike says again , his voice strangled . 
 he starts to rocket out of the hollow and i reach for him , try to pull him backward . 
 `` do n't . 
 raven said to wait for her signal . '' 
 `` raven 's not in charge . '' 
 he breaks away from me and slides onto his stomach , holding his rifle in front of him like a sniper . 
 `` do n't , pike . '' 
 either he does n't hear me or he ignores me . 
 he begins inching up the hill on his stomach . 
 `` alex. '' panic is filling me like a tide . 
 the smoke , the anger , the roar of the fire as it spreads-all of it is making it impossible to think . 
 `` shit . '' 
 alex moves past me and starts to reach for pike . 
 by now , only his boots are still visible . 
 `` pike , do n't be a goddamn idiot - '' bang . 
 bang . 
 two shots . 
 the noise seems to echo and amplify in the hollow space . 
 i cover my ears . 
 then : bang , bang , bang , bang . 
 gunshots from everywhere , and people screaming . 
 a shower of dirt rains on me from above . 
 my ears are ringing , and my head is full of smoke . 
 focus . 
 alex has already pushed out of the hollow and i follow him , trying to wrestle the gun off my shoulder . 
 at the last second i shrug off the backpacks . 
 they 'll only slow me down . 
 explosions from all sides , and the roar of an inferno . 
 the woods are full of smoke and fire . 
 orange and red flames shoot between the black trees-stark , stiff-necked , like witnesses frozen in horror . 
 pike is kneeling , half-concealed behind a tree , shooting . 
 his face is lit orange from the fire , and his mouth is open in a roar . 
 i see raven moving through the smoke . 
 the air is alive with gunshots : so many of them that it reminds me of sitting at the eastern prom with hana on independence day and watching the fireworks display , the rapid staccato and the flashes of dazzling color . 
 the smell of smoke . 
 `` lena ! '' 
 i do n't have time to see who calls my name . 
 a bullet whizzes past me and lodges itself in the tree directly behind me , sending off a spray of bark . 
 i unfreeze , dart forward , and position myself flat against the large trunk of a sugar maple . 
 several feet ahead of me , alex has taken refuge behind a tree as well . 
 every few seconds he pokes his head around the trunk , fires off a few rounds , then ducks back into safety . 
 my eyes are watering . 
 i crane my head cautiously around the trunk , trying to distinguish the figures grappling in the dark , backlit by the fire . 
 from a distance , they look almost like dancers-pairs swaying , wrestling , dipping , and spinning . 
 i ca n't tell who is who . 
 i blink , cough , palm my eyes . 
 pike has disappeared . 
 there : i see dani 's face briefly as she turns to the fire . 
 a regulator has jumped her from behind , has an arm thrown around her neck . 
 dani 's eyes are bulging , her face purple . 
 i bring my gun up , then lower it again . 
 impossible to aim from here , not as they stagger back and forth . 
 dani is twisting and bucking like a bull trying to shake its rider . 
 there 's another chorus of gunshots . 
 the regulator withdraws his arm from dani 's neck , clutching his elbow , shouting in pain . 
 he turns toward the light , and i can see blood bubbling between his fingers . 
 i have no idea who fired or whether the bullet was aimed at dani or the regulator , but the momentary release gives dani the advantage she needs . 
 she fumbles at her belt for her knife , heaving and gagging . 
 she is obviously tired , but she moves with the dumb persistence of an animal being worked to death . 
 she swings her arm up toward the regulator 's neck ; metal flashes in her fist . 
 after she stabs him , he jerks , a huge convulsion . 
 his face registers surprise . 
 he totters forward onto his knees , and then onto his face . 
 dani kneels next to him , wedges a boot under his body , and uses the purchase to bring her knife out of his neck . 
 somewhere , beyond the wall of smoke , a woman screams . 
 i track my rifle helplessly from one side of the burning camp to the other , but everything is confusion and blur . 
 i have to get closer . 
 i can help no one where i am . 
 i break into the open , staying as low as possible , and move toward the fire and the chaos of bodies , past alex , who is tracking the action from behind a sycamore . 
 `` lena ! '' 
 he shouts as i dart by him . 
 i do n't respond . 
 i need to focus . 
 the air is hot and thick . 
 the fire is leaping from tree branches now , a deadly canopy above us ; flames braid themselves around the trunks , turning them a chalky white . 
 the sky is obscured behind all the smoke . 
 this is all that is left of our camp , of the supplies we gathered so carefully-the clothing we hunted for , scrubbed in the river , wore to tatters ; and the tents we mended so painstakingly , until they were crisscrossed with stitches : this hungry , all-consuming heat . 
 fifteen feet from me , a man the size of a boulder has brought coral to the ground . 
 i start toward her when someone tackles me from behind . 
 as i 'm falling , i jab hard behind me with the butt of my rifle . 
 the man spits out a curse and pulls back several inches , giving me time and space to roll onto my back . 
 i use my gun like a baseball bat , swinging it toward his jaw . 
 it connects with a sickening crack , and he slumps sideways . 
 tack was right about one thing : the regulators are n't trained for combat like this . 
 almost all their fighting has been done from the air , from the cockpit of a bomber , from a distance . 
 i scramble to my feet and sprint toward coral , who is still on the ground . 
 i do n't know what happened to the regulator 's gun . 
 but he has his hands coiled around her neck . 
 i raise the butt of my rifle high above my head . 
 coral 's eyes flick to mine . 
 as i 'm bringing the rifle down on the regulator 's head , he whips around toward me . 
 i manage to graze the side of his shoulder , but i 'm carried off balance by the force of my swing . 
 i stumble , and he sweeps an arm at my shins and sends me sprawling flat . 
 i bite down on my lip and taste blood . 
 i want to turn onto my back , but suddenly there 's a weight on top of me , knocking me flat , crushing the air from my lungs . 
 the gun is ripped from my hand . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 my face is pressed to the dirt . 
 something-a knee ? 
 an elbow ? 
 - is digging into my neck . 
 bursts of light explode behind my eyelids . 
 then there 's a thwack , and a grunt , and the weight is released . 
 i twist around , sucking in air , kicking away from the regulator . 
 he is still straddling me , but he is now slumped sideways , eyes closed , a small bit of blood trickling from his forehead , where he was hit . 
 alex is standing above me , gripping his rifle . 
 he leans down and grabs my elbow , hauls me to my feet . 
 then he picks up my rifle and passes it to me . 
 behind him , the fire is still spreading . 
 the swaying dancers have dispersed . 
 now i ca n't see anything but a huge wall of flame and several forms huddled on the ground . 
 my stomach lurches . 
 i ca n't tell who has fallen , whether they are our people . 
 next to us , gordo lifts coral and slings her over his back . 
 she moans , eyelids fluttering , but does n't wake up . 
 `` come on , '' alex shouts . 
 the noise of the fire is tremendous : a cacophony of cracking and popping , like a slurping , sucking monster . 
 alex leads us away from the fire , using the butt of his rifle to swipe a clear path through the woods . 
 i recognize that we 're heading in the direction of a small stream we located yesterday . 
 gordo pants loudly behind me , and i 'm still dizzy , and not very steady on my feet . 
 i keep my eyes locked on the back of alex 's jacket , and i think of nothing but moving , one foot in front of the other , getting as far from the fire as possible . 
 `` coo-ee ! '' 
 as we draw close to the stream , raven 's call echoes to us through the woods . 
 to our right , a flashlight cuts through the darkness . 
 we shoulder through a thick tangle of dead growth and emerge onto a gentle slope of stony land , through which a shallow stream is pushing resolutely . 
 the break in the canopy above us allows moonlight to penetrate . 
 it streaks the surface of the stream with silver , makes the pale pebbles lining the banks glow slightly . 
 our group is crouching , huddled together , a hundred feet away on the other side of the stream . 
 relief breaks in my chest . 
 we 're intact ; we survived . 
 and raven will know what to do about julian and tack . 
 she will know how to find them . 
 `` coo-ee ! '' 
 raven calls again , angling a flashlight in our direction . 
 `` we see you , '' gordo grunts . 
 he pushes ahead of me , his breathing now a hoarse rasp , and sloshes across the stream to the other side . 
 before we can cross , alex whirls around and takes two steps back to me . 
 i 'm startled to see that his face is twisted in anger . 
 `` what the hell was that about ? '' 
 he demands . 
 when i can only stare at him , he goes on , `` you could have died , lena . 
 if it was n't for me , you would be dead . '' 
 `` is this your way of asking for a thank-you ? '' 
 i 'm shaky , and tired , and disoriented . 
 `` you could just learn to say please , you know . '' 
 `` i 'm not kidding . '' 
 alex shakes his head . 
 `` you should have stayed where you were . 
 you did n't need to go charging in there like some kind of hero . '' 
 i feel a flicker of anger . 
 i hold on to it and coax it into life . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say . 
 `` if i had n't charged in there , your new-your new girlfriend would be dead right now . '' 
 i 've rarely had occasion to use the word in my life , and it takes me a second to remember it . 
 `` she 's not your responsibility , '' alex says evenly . 
 instead of making me feel better , his response makes me feel worse . 
 despite everything that has happened tonight , it 's this stupid , basic fact that makes me feel like i am going to cry : he did n't deny that she was his girlfriend . 
 i swallow back the sick taste in my mouth . 
 `` well , i 'm not your responsibility either , remember ? 
 you ca n't tell me what to do . '' 
 i 've found the thread of anger again . 
 now i 'm following it , pulling myself forward on it , hand over hand . 
 `` why do you even care , anyway ? 
 you hate me . '' 
 alex stares at me . 
 `` you really do n't get it , do you ? '' 
 his voice is hard . 
 i cross my arms and squeeze tight , trying to squeeze back the pain , to push it deep under the anger . 
 `` do n't get what ? '' 
 `` forget it . '' 
 alex shoves a hand through his hair . 
 `` forget i said anything at all . '' 
 `` lena ! '' 
 i turn . 
 tack and julian have just emerged from the woods on the other side of the stream , and julian runs toward me , splashing through the water without seeming to register it . 
 he charges straight past alex and sweeps me up in his arms , lifting me off the ground . 
 i let out a single , muffled sob into his shirt . 
 `` you 're okay , '' he whispers . 
 he 's squeezing me so tightly , i can hardly breathe . 
 but i do n't mind . 
 i do n't want him to let go , ever . 
 `` i was so worried about you , '' i say . 
 now that my anger at alex has drained away , the need to cry is resurging , pushing at my throat . 
 i 'm not sure julian understands me . 
 my voice is muffled by his shirt . 
 but he gives me another hard squeeze before setting me down . 
 he brushes the hair back from my face . 
 `` when you and tack did n't come back ... i thought maybe something had happened ... . '' 
 `` we decided to camp for the night . '' 
 julian looks guilty , as though his absence was somehow the cause of the attack . 
 `` tack 's flashlight went bust and we could n't see a damn thing when the sun went down . 
 we were worried about getting lost . 
 we were probably only a mile from here . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` when we heard the shots , we came as fast as we could . '' 
 he touches his forehead to mine and adds , a little softer , `` i was so scared . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say . 
 i keep my arms wrapped around his waist . 
 he is so steady , so solid . 
 `` there were regulators-seven or eight of them , maybe more . 
 but we chased them off . '' 
 julian finds my hand and laces his fingers in mine . 
 `` i should have stayed with you , '' he says , his voice breaking a little . 
 i bring his hand to my lips . 
 this simple thing-the fact that i can kiss him like this , freely-suddenly seems like a miracle . 
 they have tried to squeeze us out , to stamp us into the past . 
 but we are still here . 
 and there are more of us every day . 
 `` come on , '' i say . 
 `` let 's make sure the others are okay . '' 
 alex must have crossed the stream and rejoined the group already . 
 at the edge of the water , julian doubles down and sweeps an arm behind my knees , so i stumble backward and into his arms . 
 he picks me up , and i put my arms around his neck and rest my head against his chest : his heart is a steady rhythm , reassuring . 
 he wades across the stream and deposits me on the other side . 
 `` nice of you to join us , '' raven is saying to tack , as julian and i push our way into the circle . 
 but i can hear the relief in her voice . 
 despite the fact that raven and tack are often fighting , it 's impossible to imagine one without the other . 
 they are like two plants that have grown around each other-they strangle and squeeze and support at the same time . 
 `` what are we supposed to do ? '' 
 lu asks . 
 she is an indistinct shape in the darkness . 
 most of the faces in the circle are ovals of dark , individual features fragmented by the small patches of moonlight . 
 a nose is visible here ; a mouth there ; the barrel of a gun . 
 `` we go to waterbury , like we planned , '' raven says firmly . 
 `` with what ? '' 
 dani says . 
 `` we have nothing . 
 no food . 
 no blankets . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` it could have been worse , '' raven says . 
 `` we got out , did n't we ? 
 and we ca n't be too far . '' 
 `` we are n't . '' 
 tack speaks up . 
 `` julian and i found the highway . 
 it 's a half day from here . 
 we 're too far north , just like pike said . '' 
 `` i guess we can forgive you , then , '' raven says , `` for almost getting us killed . '' 
 pike , for the first time in his life , has nothing to say . 
 raven sighs dramatically . 
 `` okay . 
 i admit it . 
 i was wrong . 
 is that what you want to hear ? '' 
 again : no response . 
 `` pike ? '' 
 dani ventures , into the silence . 
 `` shit , '' tack mutters . 
 then he says again , `` shit . '' 
 another pause . 
 i shiver . 
 julian puts his arm around me , and i lean into him . 
 raven says quietly , `` we can light a small fire . 
 if he 's lost , it will help him find his way to us . '' 
 this is her gift to us . 
 she knows-just like we all know in that instant , deep down-that pike is dead . 
 hana god forgive me , for i have sinned . 
 cleanse me of these passions , for the diseased will wallow in the dirt with the dogs , and only the pure will ascend into heaven . 
 people are n't supposed to change . 
 that 's the beauty of pairing-people can be plotted together , their interests made to intersect , their differences minimized . 
 that 's what the cure promises . 
 but it 's a lie . 
 fred is n't fred-at least , he 's not the fred i thought he was . 
 and i 'm not the hana i was supposed to be ; i 'm not the hana everyone told me i would be after my cure . 
 the realization brings with it a physical disappointment-and a feeling , too , of relief . 
 the morning after fred 's inauguration , i get up and take a shower , feeling alert and very refreshed . 
 i 'm overly conscious of the brightness of the lights , the beeping of the coffee machine from downstairs , and the thump-thump-thump of the clothes in the dryer . 
 power , power , power all around us : we pulse with it . 
 mr. roth has once again come over to watch the news . 
 if he behaves , maybe the minister of energy will give him his juice back , and then i wo n't have to see him every morning . 
 i could speak to fred about it . 
 the idea makes me want to laugh . 
 `` morning , hana , '' he says , keeping his eyes locked on the tv . 
 `` good morning , mr. roth , '' i say cheerfully , and pass into the pantry . 
 i scan the well-stocked shelves , run my fingers over the boxes of cereal and rice , the identical jars of peanut butter , a half-dozen jams . 
 i 'll have to be careful , of course , to steal only a little at a time . 
 i make my way directly to wynnewood road , where i saw grace playing with the doll . 
 i again abandon my bike early and go most of the way on foot , careful to stick closely to the trees . 
 i listen for voices . 
 the last thing i want is to be taken by surprise by willow marks again . 
 my backpack digs painfully into my shoulders , and underneath the straps , my skin is slippery with sweat . 
 it 's heavy . 
 i can hear liquid sloshing around when i move , and i just pray that the lid of the old glass milk jug-which i 've filled with as much gasoline from the garage as i could get away with stealing-is screwed on tightly . 
 once again , the air is scented faintly with wood smoke . 
 i wonder how many of the houses are occupied , and which other families have been forced to live way out here , scraping out a living . 
 i do n't know how they make it through the winters . 
 no wonder jenny , willow , and grace look so pale and drawn-it 's a miracle that they 're still alive . 
 i think of what fred said : they must learn that freedom will not keep them warm . 
 so disobedience will kill them slowly . 
 if i can find the tiddles ' house , i can leave them the food i 've stolen , and the bottle of gasoline . 
 it 's a small thing , but it 's something . 
 as soon as i turn onto wynnewood-only two streets away from brooks-i once again see grace in the street , this time squatting on the sidewalk directly in front of a weathered gray house , chucking stones in the grass as though she is trying to skip them over water . 
 i take a deep breath and step out of the trees . 
 grace tenses up instantly . 
 `` please do n't run , '' i say softly , because she looks like she 's about to bolt . 
 i take a tentative step toward her and she scrambles to her feet , so i stop walking . 
 keeping my eyes on grace 's , i unsling the backpack from my shoulder . 
 `` you might not remember me , '' i say . 
 `` i was a friend of lena 's . '' 
 i choke a little on her name and have to clear my throat . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , okay ? '' 
 the backpack clinks against the sidewalk when i set it down , and her eyes flit to it briefly . 
 i take this as an encouraging sign and move into a crouch , still keeping my eyes on her , willing her not to run . 
 slowly , i unzip the backpack . 
 now her eyes are darting between the bag and me . 
 she relaxes her shoulders a little . 
 `` i brought you a couple of things , '' i say , slowly reaching into the bag and withdrawing what i 've stolen : a bag of oatmeal ; cream of wheat and two boxes of macaroni and cheese ; cans of soup ; vegetables and tuna fish ; a package of cookies . 
 i lay them all out on the sidewalk , one by one . 
 grace takes a quick step forward and then stops herself . 
 last , i remove the old milk jug full of gasoline . 
 `` this is for you too , '' i say . 
 `` for your family . '' 
 i see movement in an upstairs window and feel a quick jolt of alarm . 
 but it 's only a dirty towel , strung up like a curtain , fluttering in the wind . 
 suddenly she darts forward and snatches the bottle from my hands . 
 `` be careful , '' i say . 
 `` it 's gasoline . 
 it 's very dangerous . 
 i thought you could use it for burning things , '' i finish lamely . 
 grace does n't say anything . 
 she 's trying to stuff her arms with all the food i 've brought . 
 when i crouch down and try and help her , she grabs the pack of cookies and presses it protectively to her chest . 
 `` easy , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm just trying to help . '' 
 she sniffs , but allows me to help her stack and gather up the cans of vegetables and soup . 
 we 're just a few inches apart , so close i can smell her breath , sour and hungry . 
 there is dirt under her fingernails , streaks of grass on her knees . 
 i 've never been this close to grace before , and i find myself searching her face for a resemblance to lena . 
 grace 's nose is sharper , like jenny 's , but she has lena 's big brown eyes and dark hair . 
 i feel a quick pulse of something : a squeeze deep in my stomach , an echo from another time , feelings that should have been quieted forever by now . 
 no one can know , or even suspect . 
 `` i have more to give you , '' i tell grace quickly as she stands up , holding a teetering pile of packages and bags in her arms , along with the plastic bottle . 
 `` i 'll come back . 
 i can only bring a little bit at a time . '' 
 she just stands there , staring at me with lena 's eyes . 
 `` if you 're not here , i 'll leave the food for you somewhere safe . 
 somewhere it wo n't get-damaged . '' 
 i stop myself at the last second from saying stolen . 
 `` do you know a good hiding place ? '' 
 she turns abruptly and darts around the side of the gray house , through a patch of overgrown grass and high weeds . 
 i 'm not sure whether she intends for me to follow her , but i do . 
 the paint is peeling ; one of the shutters hangs crookedly from a window on the second floor , tapping lightly in the wind . 
 at the back of the house , grace waits for me by a large wooden door set in the ground , which must lead to a cellar . 
 she sets down the pile of food carefully in the grass , then grabs the rusted metal handle of the trapdoor and heaves . 
 underneath the door is a gaping mouth of darkness , and a set of wooden stairs descending into a small , packed-dirt space . 
 the room is empty except for several crooked wooden shelves , which contain a flashlight , two bottles of water , and some batteries . 
 `` this is perfect , '' i say . 
 for just a second , a smile flits across grace 's face . 
 i help her carry the food down into the cellar and stock it on the shelves . 
 i place the bottle of gasoline against one wall . 
 she keeps the package of cookies hugged to her chest , though , and refuses to let it go . 
 the room smells bad , like grace 's breath : sour and earthy . 
 i 'm glad when we emerge back into the sunshine . 
 the morning has left a heavy feeling in my chest that refuses to dissolve . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' i say to grace . 
 i 've nearly rounded the corner when she speaks . 
 `` i remember you , '' she says , her voice hardly louder than a whisper . 
 i spin around , surprised . 
 but she is already darting away into the trees , and disappears before i have a chance to reply . 
 lena the dawn is double : a twin smoky glow at the horizon and behind us , above the trees , where the fire continues to smolder . 
 the clouds and the drifts of black smoke are almost indistinguishable . 
 in the dark , and the confusion , we did n't realize we were missing two members of our group : pike and henley . 
 dani wants to go back and look for their bodies , but the fire makes it impossible . 
 we ca n't even go back to forage for cans that will not have burned , and supplies that have made it through the flames . 
 instead , as soon as the sky is light , we push forward . 
 we walk in silence , in a straight line , our eyes trained on the ground . 
 we must get to the camp at waterbury as soon as possible-no detours , no resting , no explorations of the ruins of old towns , picked clean of useful supplies long ago . 
 the air is charged with anxiety . 
 we can count ourselves lucky for one thing : that raven 's map was with julian and tack and have not been destroyed with the rest of our supplies . 
 tack and julian walk together at the front of the line , occasionally stopping to consult notations they 've made on the map . 
 despite everything that has happened , it gives me a rush of pride to watch tack consulting julian , and a different kind of pleasure too-vindication , because i know alex will also have noticed . 
 alex , of course , takes up the rear with coral . 
 it 's a warm day-so warm i have removed my jacket and rolled my long-sleeved shirt to the elbows-and the sun is splashed liberally over the ground . 
 it 's almost impossible to believe that only hours ago we were attacked , except that pike 's and henley 's voices are missing from the murmured conversation . 
 julian is ahead of me . 
 alex is behind me . 
 so i push forward-exhausted , my mouth still full of the taste of smoke , my lungs burning . 
 waterbury , lu has told us , is the beginning of a new order . 
 an enormous camp has amassed outside the city 's wall , and many of the city 's valid residents have fled . 
 portions of waterbury have been totally evacuated ; other parts of the city are barricaded against the invalids on the other side . 
 lu has heard that the invalid camp is almost like a city itself : everyone pitches in , everyone helps repair shelters and hunt for food and gather water . 
 it has so far been safe from retaliation , partly because no one has remained who can retaliate . 
 the municipal offices were destroyed , and the mayor and his deputies were chased out . 
 there , we 'll build shelters out of branches and salvaged brick , and finally find a place for ourselves . 
 in waterbury , everything will be okay . 
 the trees begin to thin , and we pass old , graffiti-covered benches and half-shell underpasses , speckled with mold ; a roof , intact , sitting on a field of grass , as though the rest of the house has been simply suctioned underground ; stretches of road that , leading nowhere , are now part of a nonsense-grammar . 
 this is the language of the world before-a world of chaos and confusion and happiness and despair-before the blitz turned streets to grids , cities to prisons , and hearts to dust . 
 we know we 're getting close . 
 in the evening , when the sun begins to set , the anxiety comes sweeping back . 
 none of us wants to spend another night alone , exposed , in the wilds , even if we have managed to put the regulators off our trail for now . 
 from ahead , there is a shout . 
 julian has circled away from tack and fallen into step beside me , although we have been mostly walking in silence . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 i 'm so tired i am numb . 
 i ca n't see past the people ahead of me . 
 the group is fanning out over what looks as though it was once an old parking lot . 
 most of the pavement is gone . 
 two streetlamps , empty of lightbulbs , are staked into the ground . 
 next to one of them , tack and raven have both stopped . 
 julian cranes onto his tiptoes . 
 `` i think ... i think we 're there . '' 
 even before he finishes speaking , i am pushing through the group , angling for a look . 
 at the edge of the old parking lot , the ground drops away suddenly and cuts sharply downward . 
 a series of switchback trails leads down the hillside to a barren , treeless portion of land . 
 the camp is not like i 've envisioned it at all . 
 i 've been imagining real houses , or at least solid structures , nestled between trees . 
 this is simply a vast , teeming field , a patchwork of blankets and trash , and hundreds and hundreds of people , pushing almost directly up against the city 's wall , stained red in the dying light . 
 fires burn sporadically across the great , dark expense , winking like lights from a distant city . 
 the sky , electric at the horizon , is otherwise stretched dark and tight , like a metal lid that has been screwed shut over waste . 
 for a moment i flash back to the twisted underground people julian and i met when we were trying to escape the scavengers , and their grimy , smoky , underground world . 
 i 've never seen so many invalids . 
 i have never seen so many people , period . 
 even from here , we can smell them . 
 my chest feels like it has caved in . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 julian mutters . 
 i want to say something to comfort him-i want to tell him it will be okay-but i feel weighted down , dull with disappointment . 
 `` this is it ? '' 
 dani is the one to voice what we must all be feeling . 
 `` this is the big dream ? 
 the new order ? '' 
 `` we have friends here , at least , '' hunter says quietly . 
 but even he ca n't keep up the act . 
 he shoves a hand through his hair so it sticks up in all directions . 
 his face is white ; all day , he has been hacking as he walked , his breath coming wet and ragged . 
 `` and we had no choice , anyway . '' 
 `` we could have gone to canada , like gordo said . '' 
 `` we would n't have made it there without our supplies , '' hunter says . 
 `` we would still have our supplies if we had headed north in the first place , '' dani fires back . 
 `` well , we did n't . 
 we 're here . 
 and i do n't know about you guys , but i 'm thirsty as hell . '' 
 alex pushes his way through the line . 
 he has to sidestep down the hill to the first switchback trail , sliding a little on the sleep slope , sending a spray of gravel skidding down toward the camp . 
 he pauses when he reaches the path and looks back up at us . 
 `` well ? 
 are you coming ? '' 
 his eyes slide over the whole group . 
 when he looks at me , a small shock pulses through me , and i quickly drop my eyes . 
 for a split second , he had looked almost like my alex again . 
 raven and tack move forward together . 
 alex is right about one thing-we do n't have a choice now . 
 we wo n't make it another few days in the wilds , not without any traps , or supplies , and vessels to boil our water . 
 the rest of the group must know this , because they follow raven and tack , sidestepping down toward the dirt path one after another . 
 dani mutters something under her breath , but follows at last . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i reach for julian 's hand . 
 he draws back . 
 his eyes are fixed on the vast , smoky plain below us , and the dingy patchwork of blankets and makeshift tents . 
 for a moment , i think he 's going to refuse . 
 then he jerks forward , as though pushing his way through an invisible barrier , and precedes me down the hill . 
 at the last second , i notice that lu is still standing on the ridge . 
 she looks tiny , dwarfed by the enormous evergreens behind her . 
 her hair is nearly down to her waist now . 
 she is staring not at the camp , but at the wall beyond it : the stained-red stone that marks the beginning of the other world . 
 the zombie world . 
 `` you coming , lu ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she looks startled , as though i 've woken her up . 
 then , immediately : `` i 'm coming . '' 
 she casts one more look at the wall before following us . 
 her face is troubled . 
 the city of waterbury looks , at least from this distance , dead : no smoke floats up from the factory chimneys ; no lights shine from the darkened , glass-enclosed towers . 
 it is the empty husk of a city , almost like the ruins we pass in the wilds . 
 except this time , the ruin is on the other side of the walls . 
 and i wonder what about it , exactly , makes lu afraid . 
 once we reach the ground , the smell is thick , almost unbearable : the stink of thousands of unwashed bodies and unwashed , hungry mouths ; urine ; old fires and tobacco . 
 julian coughs , mutters , `` god . '' 
 i bring my sleeve to my mouth , trying to inhale through it . 
 the periphery of the camp is ringed with large metal drums and old , rust-spotted trash cans , in which fires have been lit . 
 people crowd around the fires , cooking or warming their hands . 
 they look at us with suspicion as we pass . 
 immediately , i can tell that we are not welcome . 
 even raven looks uncertain . 
 it 's not clear where we should go , or who we should speak to , or whether the camp is organized at all . 
 as the sun is finally swallowed by the horizon , the crowd becomes a mass of shadows : faces lit up , grotesque and contorted by the flickering light . 
 shelters have been constructed hastily from bits of corrugated tin and scraps of metal ; other people have created makeshift tents with dirty bedsheets . 
 still others are lying , huddled , on the ground , pressing against one another for warmth . 
 `` well ? '' 
 dani says . 
 her voice is loud , a challenge . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 raven is about to respond when suddenly a body rockets into her , nearly pushing her over . 
 tack reaches out to steady her , barks , `` hey ! '' 
 the boy who catapulted into raven-skinny , with the jutting jaw of a bulldog-doesn ' t even glance at her . 
 already , he is plowing back toward a dingy red tent , where a small crowd has assembled . 
 a man-older , bare-chested but wearing a long , flapping winter coat-is standing with his fists balled , his face screwed up with fury . 
 `` you filthy pig ! '' 
 he spits . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** king kill you . '' 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 bulldog 's voice is surprisingly shrill . 
 `` what the hell are you - '' `` you stole my goddamn can . 
 admit it . 
 you stole my can . '' 
 bits of spit are collected at the corners of the old man 's mouth . 
 his eyes are wide , wild . 
 he turns a full circle , appealing to the crowd . 
 then he raises his voice . 
 `` i had a whole can of tuna , unopened . 
 sitting right with my things . 
 he stole it . '' 
 `` i never touched it . 
 you 're out of your mind . '' 
 bulldog starts to turn away . 
 the man in the ragged coat lets out a roar of fury . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 he leaps . 
 for a second , it seems he is suspended in midair , his coat flapping behind him like the great leathery wings of a bat . 
 then he lands on the boy 's back , pinning him to the ground . 
 all at once the crowd is a surge , shouting , pressing forward , cheering them on . 
 the boy rolls on top of the man , straddling him , pounding him . 
 then the older man kicks him off and wrestles the boy 's face into the dirt . 
 he is shouting , but his words are unintelligible . 
 the boy thrashes and manages to buck the old man off , sending him into the side of a metal drum . 
 the man screams . 
 the fire has obviously been burning for a long time . 
 the metal must be hot . 
 someone shoves me from behind , and i nearly go sprawling to the ground . 
 julian just manages to get his hand around my arm , keeping me on my feet . 
 the crowd is seething now : the voices and bodies have become one , like dark water teeming with a many-headed , many-armed monster . 
 this is not freedom . 
 this is not the new world we imagined . 
 it ca n't be . 
 this is a nightmare . 
 i push through the crowd after julian , who never lets go of my hand . 
 it 's like moving through a violent tide , a surge of different currents . 
 i 'm terrified that we 've lost the others , but then i see tack , raven , coral , and alex , standing a little ways off , scanning the crowd for the rest of our group . 
 dani , bram , hunter , and lu fight their way to us . 
 we huddle close together and wait for the others . 
 i scan the crowd for gordo , for his chest-length beard , but all i see is blur and haze , faces merging in and out behind clouds of oily smoke . 
 coral begins to cough . 
 the others do n't come . 
 eventually we are forced to admit that we 've been separated from them . 
 raven says , halfheartedly , that they will no doubt track us down . 
 we need to find somewhere we can safely camp , and someone who might be willing to share food and water . 
 we ask four different people before we find one who will help us . 
 a girl-probably no more than twelve or thirteen , and dressed in clothes so filthy they have all turned a uniform , dingy gray-directs us to speak to pippa , and gestures to a portion of the camp illuminated more brightly than the rest . 
 as we make our way toward the place she indicated , i can feel the young girl watching us . 
 i turn around once to look at her . 
 she has a blanket pulled over her head , and her face is fluid with shadows , but her eyes are enormous , luminous . 
 i think of grace and feel a sharp pain in my chest . 
 it seems the camp is actually subdivided into little areas , each claimed by a different person or group of people . 
 as we push toward the series of small campfires that apparently mark the beginning of pippa 's domain , we hear dozens of fights breaking out over borders and boundaries , property and possessions . 
 suddenly raven lets out a shout of recognition . 
 `` twiggy ! '' 
 she cries , and breaks into a run . 
 i see her barrel into a woman 's arms-the first time i have ever seen raven voluntarily embrace anyone besides tack-and when she pulls away , they both begin talking and laughing at once . 
 `` tack , '' raven is saying , `` you remember twiggy ! 
 you were with us-what ? 
 - three summers ago ? '' 
 `` four , '' the woman corrects her , laughing . 
 she is probably thirty , and her nickname must be ironic . 
 she 's built like a man : heavy , with broad shoulders and no hips . 
 her hair is cropped close to her scalp . 
 she has a man 's laugh , too , deep and full-throated . 
 i like her immediately . 
 `` i 've got a new name now , you know , '' she says , and winks . 
 `` around here , people call me pippa . '' 
 the bit of land pippa has claimed for herself is larger and better organized than anything we have yet seen in the camp . 
 there is real shelter : pippa has constructed , or claimed , a large wooden shed with a roof , enclosed on three sides . 
 inside the hut are several crudely made benches , a half-dozen battery-operated lanterns , piles of blankets , and two refrigerators-one large , kitchen-sized , and one miniature-both chained shut and padlocked . 
 pippa tells us that this is where she keeps the food and medical supplies she has managed to gather . 
 she has , additionally , recruited several people to man the campfires constantly , boil the water , and keep out anybody with an inclination to steal . 
 `` you would n't believe the shit i 've seen around here , '' she says . 
 `` last week someone was killed over a goddamn cigarette . 
 it 's crazy . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no wonder the zombies did n't bother bombing us . 
 waste of ammunition . 
 we 'll kill each other off just fine at this rate . '' 
 she gestures for us to sit on the ground . 
 `` might as well park here for a bit . 
 i 'll get some food on . 
 there is n't a lot . 
 i was expecting a new delivery . 
 we 've been getting help from the resistance . 
 but something must have happened . '' 
 `` patrols , '' alex says . 
 `` there were regulators just south of here . 
 we ran into a group of them . '' 
 pippa does n't seem surprised . 
 she must have already known that the wilds have been breached . 
 `` no wonder you all look like shit , '' she says mildly . 
 `` go on . 
 kitchen 's about to open . 
 take a load off . '' 
 julian is very quiet . 
 i can feel the tension in his body . 
 he keeps looking around as though he expects someone to leap out at him from the shadows . 
 now that we are on this side of the campfires , encircled by warmth and light , the rest of the camp looks like a shadowy blur : a writhing , roiling darkness , swelling with animal sounds . 
 i can only imagine what he must think of this place , what he must think of us . 
 this is the vision of the world that he has always been warned against : a world of the disease is a world of chaos and filth , selfishness and disorder . 
 i feel unjustifiably angry with him . 
 his presence , his anxiety , is a reminder that there is a difference between his people and mine . 
 tack and raven have claimed one of the benches . 
 dani , hunter , and bram squeeze onto the other one . 
 julian and i take a seat on the ground . 
 alex remains standing . 
 coral sits directly in front of him , and i try not to pay attention to the fact that she is leaning back , resting against his shins , and the back of her head is touching his knee . 
 pippa removes a key from around her neck and unlocks the large refrigerator . 
 inside it are rows and rows of canned food , as well as bags of rice . 
 the bottom shelves are packed with bandages , antibacterial ointment , and bottles of ibuprofen . 
 as pippa moves , she tells us about the camp , and the riots in waterbury that led to its creation . 
 `` started in the streets , '' she explains as she dumps rice into a large , dented pot . 
 `` kids , mostly . 
 uncureds . 
 some of them were riled up by the sympathizers , and we got some members of the r in as moles , too , to keep everybody fired up . '' 
 she moves precisely , without wasting any energy . 
 people materialize out of the dark to help her . 
 soon she has placed various pots on one of the fires at the periphery . 
 smoke-delicious , threaded with food smells-drifts back to us . 
 immediately there is a shift , a difference in the darkness that surrounds us : a circle of people has gathered , a wall of dark , hungry eyes . 
 two of pippa 's men stand guard over the pots , knives drawn . 
 i shiver . 
 julian does n't put his arm around me . 
 we eat rice and beans straight out of a communal pot , using our hands . 
 pippa never stops moving . 
 she walks with her neck jutting forward , as though she constantly expects to encounter a barrier and intends to head-butt her way through it . 
 she does n't stop talking , either . 
 `` the r sent me here , '' she says . 
 raven has asked her how she came to be in waterbury . 
 `` after all the riots in the city , we thought we had a good chance to organize a protest , plan a large-scale opposition . 
 there are two thousand people in the camp right now , give or take . 
 that 's a lot of manpower . '' 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 raven asks . 
 pippa squats by the campfire and spits . 
 `` how does it look like it 's going ? 
 i 've been here a month and i 've found maybe a hundred people who care about the cause , who are willing to fight . 
 the rest are too scared , too tired , or too beat down . 
 or they just do n't care . '' 
 `` so what are you going to do ? '' 
 raven asks . 
 pippa spreads her hands . 
 `` what can i do ? 
 i ca n't force them to get involved , and i ca n't tell people what to do . 
 this is n't zombieland , right ? '' 
 i must be making a face , because she looks at me sharply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she says . 
 i look at raven for guidance , but her face is impassive . 
 i look back to pippa . 
 `` there must be some way ... '' i venture . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 her voice gets a hard edge . 
 `` how ? 
 i have no money ; i ca n't bribe them . 
 we do n't have enough force to threaten them . 
 i ca n't convince them if they wo n't listen . 
 welcome to the free world . 
 we give people the power to choose . 
 they can even choose the wrong thing . 
 beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 she stands abruptly and moves away from the fire . 
 when she speaks again , her voice is composed . 
 `` i do n't know what will happen . 
 i 'm waiting for word from higher up . 
 it might be better to move on , leave this place to rot . 
 at least we 're safe for the moment . '' 
 `` what about fears of attack ? '' 
 tack says . 
 `` you do n't think that the city will retaliate ? '' 
 pippa shakes her head . 
 `` the city was mostly evacuated after the riots . '' 
 her mouth quirks into a small smile . 
 `` fear of contagion-the deliria spreading through the streets , turning us all into animals . '' 
 then the smile fades . 
 `` i 'm telling you something . 
 the things i 've seen here ... they might be right . '' 
 she takes the stack of blankets and passes them to raven . 
 `` here . 
 make yourself useful . 
 you 'll have to share . 
 the blankets are even harder to keep around than the pots . 
 bed down wherever you can find the space . 
 do n't wander too far , though . 
 there are some crazies around here . 
 i 've seen it all-botched procedures , loons , criminals , the lot . 
 sweet dreams , kiddies . '' 
 it 's only when pippa mentions sleep that i realize how exhausted i am . 
 it has been more than thirty-six hours since i 've slept , and until now i have been fueled primarily by fear of what will happen to us . 
 now my body is leaden . 
 julian has to help me to my feet . 
 i follow him like a sleepwalker , blindly , hardly conscious of my surroundings . 
 we move away from the three-sided hut . 
 julian stops by a campfire that has been allowed to burn out . 
 we are at the very base of the hill , and here the slope is even steeper than the one we came down , and no path has been beaten in its side . 
 i do n't care about the hardness of the ground , the bite of the frost , the continued shouts and hoots from all around us , a darkness alive and menacing . 
 as julian settles behind me and wraps the blankets around us both , i 'm already somewhere else : i am at the old homestead , in the sickroom , and grace is there , speaking to me , saying my name over and over . 
 but her voice is drowned out by the fluttering of black wings , and when i look up i see that the roof has been blown apart by the regulators ' bombs , and instead of a ceiling there is only the dark night sky , and thousands and thousands of bats , blotting out the moon . 
 hana i wake up as the dawn is barely washing over the horizon . 
 an owl hoots somewhere outside my window , and my room is full of drifting dark shapes . 
 in fifteen days , i will be married . 
 i join fred to cut the ribbon at the new border wall , a fifteen-foot-tall , concrete and steel-reinforced structure . 
 the new border wall will replace all the electrified fences that have always encircled portland . 
 the first phase of construction , completed just two days after fred officially became mayor , extends from old port past tukey 's bridge and all the way to the crypts . 
 the second phase will not be completed for another year , and will place a wall all the way down to the fore river ; two years after that , the final wall will go up , connecting the two , and the modernization and strengthening of the border will be complete , just in time for fred 's reelection . 
 at the ceremony , fred steps forward with a pair of oversized scissors , smiling at the journalists and photographers clustered in front of the wall . 
 it 's a brilliantly sunny morning-a day of promise and possibility . 
 he raises the scissors dramatically toward the thick red ribbon strung across the concrete . 
 at the last second he stops , turns , and gestures me forward . 
 `` i want my future wife to usher in this landmark day ! '' 
 he calls out , and there is a roar of approval as i come forward , blushing , feigning surprise . 
 this has all been rehearsed , of course . 
 he plays his role . 
 and i am very careful to play mine , too . 
 the scissors , manufactured for show , are dull , and i have trouble getting the blades through the ribbon . 
 after a few seconds , my palms begin to sweat . 
 i can feel fred 's impatience behind his smile , can feel the weighted stare of his associates and committee members , all of them watching me from a small , cordoned-off area next to the pack of journalists . 
 snip . 
 at last i work the scissors through the ribbon , and the ribbon flutters to the ground , and everyone cheers in front of the high , smooth concrete wall . 
 the barbed wire at its top glistens in the sun , like metal teeth . 
 afterward , we adjourn to the basement of a local church for a small reception . 
 people snack on brownies and cheese squares off paper napkins , and sit in folding chairs , balancing plastic cups of soda on their laps . 
 this , too-the informality , the neighborhood feel , the church basement with its clean white walls and the faint smell of turpentine-was carefully planned . 
 fred receives congratulations and answers questions about policy and planned changes . 
 my mother is glowing , happier than i have ever seen her , and when she catches my eye across the room , she winks . 
 it occurs to me that this is what she has wanted for me-for us-all my life . 
 i drift through the crowd , smiling , making polite conversation when i am needed . 
 underneath the laughter and chatter , i am pursued by a snake-hiss of sound , a name that follows me everywhere . 
 prettier than cassie ... not as slender as cassie ... cassie , cassie , cassie ... fred is in a great mood as we drive home . 
 he loosens his tie and unbuttons his collar , rolls up his sleeves to the elbow , and opens the windows so the breeze sweeps into the car , blowing his hair across his face . 
 already he looks more like his father . 
 his face is red-it was hot in the church-and for a second i ca n't help but imagine what it will be like after we are married , and how soon he will want to get started on having babies . 
 i close my eyes and visualize the bay , let the image of fred on top of me break apart on its waves . 
 `` they were eating it up , '' fred says excitedly . 
 `` i threw out a couple hints-here and there-about finch and the department of energy , and you could just tell everyone was going ape shit . '' 
 all of a sudden , i can no longer keep the question down : `` what happened to cassandra ? '' 
 his smile falters . 
 `` were you even listening ? '' 
 `` i was . 
 they were eating it up . 
 going ape shit . '' 
 he winces a little when i say the word shit , even though i 'm only parroting his words back to him . 
 `` but you reminded me-i 've been meaning to ask . 
 you never told me what happened to her . '' 
 now the smile is completely gone . 
 he turns toward the window . 
 the afternoon sunshine stripes his face in alternating patterns of light and shadow . 
 `` what makes you think something happened ? '' 
 i keep my voice light . 
 `` i just meant-i wanted to know why you got divorced . '' 
 he swivels quickly to look at me , eyes narrow , as though hoping to catch the lie on my face . 
 i keep my face neutral . 
 he relaxes a little . 
 `` irreconcilable differences . '' 
 the smile returns . 
 `` they must have made a mistake when they evaluated her . 
 she was n't right for me at all . '' 
 we stare at each other , both of us smiling , doing our duty , keeping our respective secrets . 
 `` you know one of the things i like best about you ? '' 
 he asks , reaching for my arm . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he jerks me suddenly close to him . 
 surprised , i cry out . 
 he pinches the soft skin on the inside of my elbow , sending a sharp zip of pain down my arm . 
 tears prick my eyes , and i inhale deeply , willing them back . 
 `` that you do n't ask too many questions , '' he says , and then pushes me away from him roughly . 
 `` cassie asked too many questions . '' 
 then he leans back , and we drive the rest of the way in silence . 
 late afternoon used to be my favorite time of day-mine , and lena 's . 
 is it still ? 
 i do n't know . 
 my feelings , my old preferences , are just out of reach-not eradicated completely , as they should have been , but like shadows , burning away whenever i try to focus on them . 
 i do n't ask questions . 
 i just go . 
 the ride to deering highlands already feels easier . 
 thankfully , i do n't encounter anyone . 
 i deposit the supplies of food and gasoline in the underground cellar that grace showed me . 
 afterward , i make for preble street , where lena 's uncle used to have his little corner grocery store . 
 as i suspected , it is now closed and shuttered . 
 metal grates have been drawn over its windows ; beyond the latticed steel , i see graffiti scrawls across the glass , now indecipherable , faded by rain and weather . 
 the awning , a royal blue , is torn up and half-dismantled . 
 one thin , spindly metal support , like the jointed leg of a spider , has come free of the fabric and swings pendulum-like in the wind . 
 a small placard fixed to one of the metal grates says coming soon ! 
 bee 's salon and barber . 
 the city no doubt forced him to close his doors , or the customers stopped coming , worried that they would be guilty by association . 
 lena 's mother , lena 's uncle william , and now lena ... too much bad blood . 
 too much disease . 
 no wonder they 're hiding in the deering highlands . 
 no wonder willow is hiding there as well . 
 i wonder whether it was by choice-or whether they were coerced , threatened , or even bribed to leave a better neighborhood . 
 i do n't know what possesses me to go around back , to the narrow alley and the small blue door that used to lead to the storeroom . 
 lena and i used to hang out here together when she was stocking shelves after school . 
 the sun slants hard over the sloped roofs of the buildings around me , skipping right over the alley , which is dark and cool . 
 flies buzz around a dumpster , droning and then colliding with the metal . 
 i climb off my bike and lean it against one of the beige concrete walls . 
 the sounds from the street-people shouting to one another , the occasional rumble of a bus-already seem distant . 
 i step toward the blue door , which is streaked with pigeon shit . 
 just for a moment , time seems to fold in two , and i imagine that lena will fling open the door for me , as she always did . 
 i 'll grab a seat on one of the crates of baby formula or canned green beans , and we 'll split a bag of chips and a soda stolen from stock , and we 'll talk about ... what ? 
 what did we talk about then ? 
 school , i guess . 
 the other girls in our class , and track meets , and the concert series in the park and who was invited to whose birthday party , and things we wanted to do together . 
 never boys . 
 lena would n't . 
 she was far too careful . 
 until , one day , she was n't . 
 that day i remember perfectly . 
 i was still in shock because of the raids the night before : the blood and the violence , the chorus of shouting and screaming . 
 earlier that morning , i had thrown up my breakfast . 
 i remember lena 's expression when he knocked on the door : eyes wild , terrified , body stiff ; and how alex had looked at her when she finally let him into the storeroom . 
 i remember exactly what he was wearing , too , and the mess of his hair , the sneakers with their blue-tinged laces . 
 his right shoe was untied . 
 he did n't notice . 
 he did n't notice anything but lena . 
 i remember the hot flash that stabbed through me . 
 jealousy . 
 i reach out for the door handle , suck in a deep breath , and pull . 
 it 's locked , of course . 
 i do n't know what i was expecting , and why i feel so disappointed . 
 it would be locked . 
 beyond it , the dust will be settling on the shelves . 
 this is the past : it drifts , it gathers . 
 if you are not careful , it will bury you . 
 this is half the reason for the cure : it clean-sweeps ; it makes the past , and all its pain , distant , like the barest impression on sparkling glass . 
 but the cure works differently for everybody ; and it does not work perfectly for all . 
 i 'm resolved to help lena 's family . 
 their store was taken away and their apartment reclaimed , and for that i am partly responsible . 
 i was the one who encouraged her to go to her first illegal party ; i was the one who always egged her on , asking her about the wilds , talking about leaving portland . 
 and i was also the one who helped lena escape . 
 i got the note to alex informing him she had been caught and that her procedural date had been changed . 
 if it were n't for me , lena would have been cured . 
 she might be sitting in one of her courses at the university of portland , or walking the streets of the old port with her pair . 
 the stop-n-save would still be open , and the house on cumberland would be occupied . 
 but the guilt goes even deeper than that . 
 it , too , is dust : layers and layers of it have accumulated . 
 because if it were n't for me , lena and alex would never have been caught at all . 
 i told on them . 
 i was jealous . 
 god forgive me , for i have sinned . 
 lena i wake up to motion and noise . 
 julian is gone . 
 the sun is high , the sky cloudless , and the day still . 
 i kick off the blankets and sit up , blinking hard . 
 my mouth tastes like dust . 
 raven is kneeling nearby , feeding twigs , one at a time , to one of the campfires . 
 she glances up at me . 
 `` welcome to the land of the living . 
 sleep well ? '' 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` after noon . '' 
 she straightens up . 
 `` we 're about to head down to the river . '' 
 `` i 'll come with you . '' 
 water : that 's what i need . 
 i need to wash and drink . 
 my whole body feels like it 's coated in grime . 
 `` come on , then , '' she says . 
 pippa is sitting at the edge of her camp , talking with an unfamiliar woman . 
 `` from the resistance , '' raven explains when she sees me looking , and my heart does a funny stutter in my chest . 
 my mother is with the resistance . 
 it 's possible the stranger knows her . 
 `` she 's a week late . 
 she was coming from new haven with supplies but got waylaid by patrols . '' 
 i swallow . 
 i 'm afraid to ask the stranger for news . 
 i 'm terrified i 'll once again be disappointed . 
 `` do you think pippa 's going to leave waterbury ? '' 
 i ask . 
 raven shrugs . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 `` where will we go ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 she shoots me a small smile , reaches out and touches my elbow . 
 `` hey . 
 do n't worry so much , okay ? 
 that 's my job . '' 
 i feel a rush of affection for her . 
 things between us have not been the same since i found out that she and tack used me-and julian-for the movement . 
 but i would be lost without her . 
 we all would be . 
 tack , hunter , bram , and julian are standing together , holding makeshift buckets and containers of various sizes . 
 they have obviously been waiting for raven . 
 i do n't know where coral and alex are . 
 i do n't see lu , either . 
 `` hey , sleeping beauty , '' hunter says . 
 he has obviously slept well . 
 he looks a hundred times better than he did yesterday , and he is n't coughing anymore . 
 `` let 's get this party started , '' raven says . 
 we leave the relative safety of pippa 's camp and push into the jostle of people , through the maze of patched-together shelters and makeshift tents . 
 i try not to breathe too deeply . 
 it stinks of unwashed bodies and-even worse-of bathroom smells . 
 the air is thick with flies and gnats . 
 i ca n't wait to wade into the water , to wash away the smells and the dirt . 
 in the distance , i can just make out the dark thread of the river , winding along the south side of the camp . 
 not too much farther now . 
 the press of tents and shelters eventually peters out . 
 ribbons of old pavement , now cracked and fragmented , crisscross the landscape . 
 vast squares of concrete mark the foundation of old houses . 
 as we approach the river , we see a crowd has gathered along its banks . 
 people are shouting , pushing and shoving their way to the water . 
 `` now what 's the problem ? '' 
 tack mutters . 
 julian hitches the buckets higher on his shoulder and frowns , although he stays silent . 
 `` there 's no problem , '' raven says . 
 `` everyone 's just excited about a shower . '' 
 but her voice is strained . 
 we force our way into the thick tangle of bodies . 
 the smell is overwhelming . 
 i gag , but there 's no space to move , no way to bring a hand over my mouth . 
 not for the first time , i 'm grateful to be only five foot two ; at least it allows me to squeeze through the smallest openings between people , and i fight my way to the front of the crowd first , breaking out onto the steep , stony banks of the river , while the mass of people continues to swell behind me , fighting toward the river . 
 something is wrong . 
 the water is extremely low-no more than a trickle , a foot or so wide and hardly that deep , and churned mostly to mud . 
 as the river winds back toward the city , it is filled with a moving jigsaw puzzle of people , swelling into the riverbank , desperate to fill their containers . 
 from a distance , they look like insects . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 raven finally pushes her way onto the bank and stands next to me , stunned . 
 `` the water 's running out , '' i say . 
 facing this sluggish stream of mud , i begin to panic . 
 suddenly i am thirstier than i have ever been in my life . 
 `` impossible , '' raven says . 
 `` pippa said the river was flowing fine just yesterday . '' 
 `` better take what we can , '' tack says . 
 he , hunter , and bram have finally fought their way through the crowd . 
 julian follows a moment afterward . 
 his face is red with sweat . 
 his hair is plastered to his forehead . 
 for a moment , my heart aches for him . 
 i should never have asked him to join me here ; i should never have asked him to cross . 
 more and more people are flowing down toward the river and fighting for what little water remains . 
 there is no choice ; we must fight alongside them . 
 as i 'm moving into the water , someone pushes me out of the way , and i end up falling backward , landing hard on the rocks . 
 pain shoots up my spine , and it takes me three tries to stand up . 
 too many people are streaming by me , shoving me . 
 eventually , julian has to fight his way back through the crowd and help me to my feet . 
 in the end , we manage to get only a fraction of the water we wanted , and we lose some of it on the way back to pippa 's camp , when a man stumbles into hunter , upsetting one of his buckets . 
 the water we have collected is filled with fine silt and will be reduced even further once we manage to boil away the mud . 
 i would cry if i thought i could waste the water . 
 pippa and the woman from resistance are standing in the middle of a small circle of people . 
 alex and coral have returned . 
 i ca n't help but imagine where they have been together . 
 stupid , when there are so many other things to worry about ; but still the mind will circle back to this one thing . 
 amor deliria nervosa : it affects your mind so that you can not think clearly , or make rational decisions about your own well-being . 
 symptom number twelve . 
 `` the river - '' raven starts to say as we get closer , but pippa cuts her off . 
 `` we heard , '' she says . 
 her face is grim . 
 in the daylight , i see pippa is older than i originally thought . 
 i assumed she was in her early thirties , but her face is deeply lined , and her hair is gray at the temples . 
 or maybe that is only the effect of being here , in the wilds , and waging this war . 
 `` it is n't flowing . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 hunter says . 
 `` a river does n't stop flowing overnight . '' 
 `` it does if it 's dammed , '' alex says . 
 for a second there 's silence . 
 `` what do you mean , dammed ? '' 
 julian speaks first . 
 he , too , is trying not to panic . 
 i can hear it in his voice . 
 alex stares at him . 
 `` dammed , '' he repeats . 
 `` as in , stopped . 
 blocked up . 
 obstructed or confined by a - '' `` but who dammed it ? '' 
 julian cuts in . 
 he refuses to look at alex , but it 's alex who responds . 
 `` it 's obvious , is n't it ? '' 
 he shifts slightly , angling his body toward julian . 
 there 's a hot , electric tension in the air . 
 `` the people on the other side . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` your people . '' 
 julian still is n't used to losing his temper . 
 he opens his mouth and then shuts it . 
 he says , very calmly , `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` julian . '' 
 i place a hand on his arm . 
 pippa jumps in . 
 `` waterbury was mostly evacuated before i arrived , '' she says . 
 `` we thought it was because of the resistance . 
 we took it as a sign of progress . '' 
 she lets out a harsh bark of laughter . 
 `` obviously , they had other plans . 
 they 've cut off the water source in the city . '' 
 `` so we 'll leave , '' dani says . 
 `` there are other rivers . 
 the wilds is full of them . 
 we 'll go somewhere else . '' 
 her suggestion meets with silence . 
 she stares from pippa to raven . 
 pippa runs a hand over the short fuzz of her hair . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 the woman from the resistance speaks up . 
 she has a funny accent , all lilts and melody , like drawn butter . 
 `` the people we can gather , the ones who can be mobilized-we can leave . 
 we can scatter , break up , go back into the wilds . 
 but there are probably patrols waiting for us . 
 no doubt they 're gathering even now . 
 easier for them if we 're in smaller groups-less of a chance we 'll be able to fight . 
 plus , it looks better for the press . 
 large-scale slaughter is harder to cover up . '' 
 `` how do you know so much about it ? '' 
 i turn around . 
 lu has just joined the group . 
 she is slightly breathless , and her face is shiny , as though she has been running . 
 i wonder where she has been all this time . 
 as usual , her hair is loose , plastered to her neck and forehead . 
 `` this is summer , '' pippa says evenly . 
 `` she 's with resistance . 
 she 's the reason you 'll be eating tonight . '' 
 the subtext is clear : watch what you say . 
 `` but we have to leave . '' 
 hunter 's voice is practically a bark . 
 i get the urge to reach out and squeeze his hand . 
 hunter never loses his temper . 
 `` what other choice do we have ? '' 
 summer does n't flinch . 
 `` we could fight back , '' she says . 
 `` we 've all been looking for a chance to rally together , make something of this mess . '' 
 she gestures to the array of shelters , like pieces of enormous metal shrapnel , glittering vastly toward the horizon . 
 `` that was the point of coming to the wilds , was n't it ? 
 for all of us ? 
 we were tired of being told what to choose . '' 
 `` but how will we fight ? '' 
 i feel shyer in front of this woman , with her soft , musical voice and her fierce eyes , than i have in front of anyone for a while . 
 but i press on . 
 `` we 're weak as it is . 
 pippa said we 're disorganized . 
 without water - '' `` i 'm not suggesting we go head-to-head , '' she interrupts me . 
 `` we do n't even know what we 're dealing with-how many people are left in the city , whether there are patrols gathering in the wilds . 
 what i 'm suggesting is that we take the river back . '' 
 `` but if the river 's dammed - '' again , she cuts me off . 
 `` dams can be exploded , '' she says simply . 
 we are silent for another second . 
 raven and tack exchange a glance . 
 largely from habit , we wait for one of them to speak . 
 `` what 's your plan ? '' 
 tack says , and just like that , i know it 's real : this is happening . 
 this will happen . 
 i close my eyes . 
 an image flashes-emerging from the van with julian after our escape from new york city ; believing , in that moment , that we had escaped the worst , that life would begin again for us . 
 instead life has only grown harder . 
 i wonder whether it will ever end . 
 i feel julian 's hand on my shoulder : a squeeze , a reassurance . 
 i open my eyes . 
 pippa squats and draws a large teardrop shape in the ground with a thumb . 
 `` let 's say this is waterbury . 
 we 're here . '' 
 she marks an x at the southeast side of the larger end . 
 `` and we know that when the fighting started , the cureds retreated to the west side of the city . 
 my guess is that the block is somewhere here . '' 
 she hazards an x on the east side , where the teardrop begins to narrow . 
 `` why ? '' 
 raven says . 
 her face is alive again , alert . 
 for a moment , when i look at her , i get a small chill . 
 she lives for this-the fight , the battle for survival . 
 she actually enjoys it . 
 pippa shrugs . 
 `` it 's my best guess . 
 that part of the city was mostly park anyway-they 've probably just flooded it completely , rerouted the water flow . 
 they 'll have shored up defenses there , of course , but if they had enough firepower to rout us , they 'd have attacked already . 
 we 're talking whatever forces they 've gathered in a week or two . '' 
 she looks up at us , to make sure we 're following . 
 then she draws a sweeping arrow around the base of the teardrop , pointing upward . 
 `` they 'll probably expect us to go north , toward the water flow . 
 or they think we 'll scatter . '' 
 she draws lines radiating in various directions from the base of the teardrop ; now it looks like a deranged , bearded smiley face . 
 `` i think instead we should make a direct attack , send a small force into the city , bust open the dam . '' 
 she draws a line , sweepingly , through the teardrop , cutting it in half . 
 `` i 'm in , '' raven says . 
 tack spits . 
 he does n't have to say he 's in too . 
 summer folds her arms , looking down at pippa 's diagram . 
 `` we 'll need three separate groups , '' she says slowly . 
 `` two diversionary , to create problems here and here '' - she bends down and marks x 's at two distinct places along the periphery - `` and one smaller force to get in , do the job , and get out . '' 
 `` i 'm in , '' lu pipes up . 
 `` as long as i can be part of the main force . 
 i do n't want any of this side-business shit . '' 
 this surprises me . 
 at the old homestead , lu never expressed interest in joining the resistance . 
 she never even got a fake procedural mark . 
 she just wanted to stay as far as possible from the fighting ; she wanted to pretend that the other side , the cured side , did n't exist . 
 something must have changed in the months we 've been apart . 
 `` lu can come with us . '' 
 raven grins . 
 `` she 's a walking good-luck charm . 
 that 's how she got her name . 
 is n't it , lucky ? '' 
 lu does n't say anything . 
 `` i want to be part of the main force too , '' julian speaks up suddenly . 
 `` julian , '' i whisper . 
 he ignores me . 
 `` i 'll go wherever you need me , '' alex says . 
 julian glances at him , and for a second i feel the resentment between them , a blunt , hard-edged force . 
 `` so will i , '' coral says . 
 `` count us in . '' 
 hunter speaks for him and bram . 
 `` i want to be the one who lights the match , '' dani says . 
 other people are chiming in now , volunteering for different tasks . 
 raven looks at me . 
 `` what about you , lena ? '' 
 i can feel alex 's eyes on me . 
 my mouth is so dry ; the sun is so blinding . 
 i look away , toward the hundreds and hundreds of people who have been driven out of their homes , out of their lives , to this place of dust and dirtiness , all because they wanted the power to feel , to think , to choose for themselves . 
 they could n't have known that even this was a lie-that we never really choose , not entirely . 
 we are always being pushed and squeezed down one road or another . 
 we have no choice but to step forward , and then step forward again , and then step forward again ; suddenly we find ourselves on a road we have n't chosen at all . 
 but maybe happiness is n't in the choosing . 
 maybe it 's in the fiction , in the pretending : that wherever we have ended up is where we intended to be all along . 
 coral shifts , and moves her hand to alex 's arm . 
 `` i 'm with julian , '' i say at last . 
 this , after all , is what i have chosen . 
 hana before going home , i spend some time zigzagging through the streets near old port , trying to clear my head of lena , and the guilt ; trying to clear it of fred 's voice : cassie asked too many questions . 
 i bump onto the curb and pedal as fast as i can , as though i can push out my thoughts through my feet . 
 in just two short weeks , i wo n't have even this freedom ; i 'll be too known , too visible , too followed . 
 sweat trickles down my scalp . 
 an old woman emerges from a store and i barely have time to swerve , jump the curb , and skate back into the street , before i hit her . 
 `` idiot ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i call over my shoulder , but the word gets lost in the wind . 
 then , out of nowhere-a barking dog , a huge blur of black fur , leaps for me . 
 i jerk my handlebars to the right and lose my balance . 
 i tumble off the bike , hitting the ground hard on my elbow , and skid several feet as pain rips up my right side . 
 my bike thuds next to me , screeching across the concrete , and someone is yelling , and the dog is still barking . 
 one of my feet is entangled in the spokes of my front wheel . 
 the dog circles me , panting . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 a man speed-walks across the street . 
 `` bad dog , '' he says , smacking the dog 's head roughly . 
 the dog slinks several feet away , whimpering . 
 i sit up , extracting my foot carefully from my bike . 
 my right arm and shin are cut up , but miraculously , i do n't think i 've broken anything . 
 `` i 'm all right . '' 
 i pull myself carefully to my feet , rolling my ankles and wrists slowly , checking for pain . 
 nothing . 
 `` you should watch where you 're going , '' the man says . 
 he looks annoyed . 
 `` you could have been killed . '' 
 then he stalks off down the street , whistling for his dog to follow . 
 the dog trots after him , head down . 
 i pick up my bike and wheel it onto the sidewalk . 
 the chain has come off the stay , and one handlebar is slightly crooked , but other than that , it looks okay . 
 as i bend down to adjust the chain , i notice that i 've landed directly in front of the center for organization , research , and education . 
 i must have been circling it for the past hour . 
 the core keeps portland 's public records : the incorporation documents for its businesses , but also the names , birth dates , and addresses of its citizens ; copies of their birth , marriage , medical , and dental records ; violations against them and report cards and annual review scores , as well as evaluation results and suggested matches . 
 an open society is a healthy society ; transparency is necessary to trust . 
 that 's what the book of shhh teaches . 
 my mom used to phrase it differently : only people who have something to hide make a fuss about privacy . 
 without consciously making the decision , i lock my bike to a streetlamp and jog up the stairs . 
 i push through the revolving doors and step into a large , plain lobby , decorated with gray linoleum floor tiles and buzzing overhead lights . 
 a woman sits behind a fake-wood desk , in front of an ancient-looking computer . 
 behind her a heavy chain is hung across an open doorway ; from it , a large sign is dangling : personnel and authorized core employees only . 
 the woman barely glances at me as i approach the desk . 
 a small plastic name tag identifies her as tanya bourne , security assistant . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she asks in a monotone . 
 i can tell that she does n't recognize me . 
 `` i hope so , '' i say cheerfully , placing my hands on the desk and forcing her to meet my gaze . 
 lena used to call it my buy a bridge look . 
 `` see , my wedding 's coming up , and i completely flaked on cassie , and now i have barely any time to track her down ... . '' 
 the woman sighs and resettles in her chair . 
 `` and of course cassie has to be there . 
 i mean , even if we have n't spoken ... well , she invited me to her wedding , and it just would n't be nice , would it ? '' 
 i let out a giggle . 
 `` miss ? '' 
 she prompts tiredly . 
 i giggle again . 
 `` oh , sorry . 
 babbling-it 's a bad habit . 
 i guess i 'm just nervous , you know , because of the wedding and everything . '' 
 i pause and suck in a deep breath . 
 `` so can you help me ? '' 
 she blinks . 
 her eyes are a dirty-bathwater color . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` can you help me find cassie ? '' 
 i ask , squeezing my hands into fists , hoping she wo n't notice . 
 please say yes . 
 `` cassandra o'donnell . '' 
 i watch tanya carefully , but she does n't appear to recognize the name . 
 she heaves an exaggerated sigh , pushes up from her chair , and moves over to a tiered stack of papers . 
 she waddles back to me and practically slaps it on the desk . 
 it 's as thick as a medical intake form-at least twenty pages long . 
 `` personal information requests may be sent to core , attention census department , and will be processed within ninety days - '' `` ninety days ! '' 
 i cut her off . 
 `` my wedding 's in two weeks . '' 
 she draws her mouth into a line . 
 her whole face is the color of bad water . 
 maybe being here day after day , under the dull , buzzing lights , has begun to pickle her . 
 she says determinedly , `` expedited personal information request forms must be accompanied by a personal statement - '' `` look . '' 
 i spread my fingers flat on the counter and press my frustration down through my palms . 
 `` the truth is , cassandra is a little witch , okay ? 
 i do n't even like her . '' 
 tanya perks up a little . 
 the lies come fluidly . 
 `` she always said i 'd flunk my evaluations , you know ? 
 and when she got an eight , she went on about it for days . 
 well , you know what ? 
 i scored higher than she did , and my pair is better , and my wedding will be better too . '' 
 i lean a little closer , drop my voice to a whisper . 
 `` i want her to be there . 
 i want her to see it . '' 
 tanya studies me closely for a minute . 
 then , slowly , her mouth hitches into a smile . 
 `` i knew a woman like that , '' she says . 
 `` you 'd think god 's garden grew under her feet . '' 
 she turns her attention to her computer screen . 
 `` what 'd you say her name was again ? '' 
 `` cassandra . 
 cassandra o'donnell . '' 
 tanya 's nails click exaggeratedly against the keyboard . 
 then she shakes her head and frowns . 
 `` sorry . 
 no one listed by that name . '' 
 my stomach does a weird turn . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i mean , you 've spelled it correctly and everything ? '' 
 she swivels the computer screen around to face me . 
 `` got over four hundred o'donnells . 
 not one cassandra . '' 
 `` what about cassie ? '' 
 i 'm fighting a bad feeling-a feeling i have no name for . 
 impossible . 
 even if she were dead , she would show up in the system . 
 the core keeps records of everyone , living or dead , for the past sixty years . 
 she readjusts the screen and click-click-clicks again , then shakes her head . 
 `` uh-uh . 
 sorry . 
 maybe you got the wrong spelling ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i try to smile , but my mouth wo n't obey . 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 how does a person disappear ? 
 a thought occurs to me : maybe she was invalidated . 
 it 's the only thing that makes any sense . 
 maybe her cure did n't work , maybe she caught the deliria , maybe she escaped to the wilds . 
 that would fit . 
 that would be a reason for fred to divorce her . '' 
 ... work out in the end . '' 
 i blink . 
 tanya has been speaking . 
 she stares at me patiently , obviously expecting a reply . 
 `` i 'm sorry-what did you say ? '' 
 `` i said that i would n't worry too much about it . 
 these things have a way of working out . 
 everyone gets what 's right for them in the end . '' 
 she laughs loudly . 
 `` the gears of god do n't turn unless all the pieces fit right . 
 know what i mean ? 
 and you got your right fit , and she 'll get hers . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say . 
 i can hear her laughing again as i cross back toward the revolving doors ; the sound follows me out onto the street , rings faintly in my head even when i am several blocks away . 
 lena the sky does n't set so much as break apart . 
 the horizon is brick-colored . 
 the rest of the sky is streaked with shock-red tendrils . 
 the river has slowed to a bare trickle . 
 fights break out over water . 
 pippa warns us not to leave her circle , and posts guards around its periphery . 
 summer has already split . 
 either pippa does n't know where she has gone , or wo n't share her plans with us . 
 in the end , pippa decides that smaller is better : the fewer people we involve , the less chance of a screwup . 
 the best fighters-tack , raven , dani , and hunter-will be responsible for the main action : getting to the dam , wherever it is , and taking it down . 
 lu insists on going with them and so does julian , and even though neither one is a trained fighter , raven relents . 
 i could kill her . 
 `` we 'll need guards , too , '' she says . 
 `` lookouts . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'll bring him back safely . '' 
 alex , pippa , coral , and one of pippa 's crew , nicknamed beast-i can only assume because of his tangle of wild black hair and the dark beard that obscures his mouth-will form one diversionary force . 
 somehow i get roped into heading up the second one . 
 bram will be my support . 
 `` i wanted to stay with julian , '' i tell tack . 
 i do n't feel comfortable complaining directly to pippa . 
 `` yeah ? 
 well i wanted bacon and eggs this morning , '' he says , without glancing up . 
 he 's rolling a cigarette . 
 `` after all i did for you , '' i say , `` you still treat me like a child . '' 
 `` only when you act like one , '' he says sharply , and i remember a fight i had with alex once , a lifetime ago , after i had first discovered that my mom had been imprisoned in the crypts my whole life . 
 i have n't thought about that moment , and alex 's sudden outburst , in forever . 
 that was just before he told me he loved me for the first time . 
 that was just before i said it back . 
 i feel suddenly disoriented and have to squeeze my nails into my palms until i feel a brief shock of pain . 
 i do n't understand how everything changes , how the layers of your life get buried . 
 impossible . 
 at some point , at some time , we must all explode . 
 `` look , lena . '' 
 now tack raises his head . 
 `` we 're asking you to do this because we trust you . 
 you 're a leader . 
 we need you . '' 
 i 'm so startled by the sincerity of his tone , i ca n't think of a response . 
 in my old life , i was never a leader . 
 hana was the leader . 
 i got to follow along . 
 `` when does it end ? '' 
 i say finally . 
 `` i do n't know , '' tack says . 
 it 's the first time i 've ever heard him admit to not knowing something . 
 he tries to roll up his cigarette , but his hands are shaking . 
 he has to stop , and try again . 
 `` maybe it does n't . '' 
 finally he gives up and throws the cigarette down in disgust . 
 for a moment we stand there in silence . 
 `` bram and i need a third , '' i say at last . 
 `` that way if something happens , if one of us goes down , the other one still has backup . '' 
 tack looks up at me again . 
 i 'm reminded that he , too , is young-twenty-four , raven once told me . 
 in that second , he looks it . 
 he looks like a grateful kid , like i 've just offered to help with his homework . 
 then the moment passes , and his face goes hard again . 
 he removes his pack of tobacco , and some rolling papers , and begins again . 
 `` you can have coral , '' he says . 
 the part of the mission that frightens me the most is the journey through the camp . 
 pippa gives us one of the battery-operated lanterns , which bram carries . 
 in its jerky glow , the crowd around us is broken into pieces and fragments : the flash of a grin here ; a woman , bare-breasted , nursing a baby , staring at us resentfully . 
 a tide of people barely break apart to let us through , then reform and refold behind us . 
 i have a sense of their sucking need : already , the moans have started , the whispers of water , water . 
 from everywhere , too , comes the sound of shouting ; stifled cries in the darkness ; fists into flesh . 
 we reach the riverbank , now eerily quiet . 
 there are no more people teeming in its depths , fighting over water . 
 there is no more water to fight over-only a tiny trickle , no wider than a finger , black with silt . 
 it 's a mile to the wall , and then another four northwest along its perimeter , to one of the better-fortified areas . 
 a problem there will bring the most attention and pull the largest number of security forces away from the point raven , tack , and the others need to breach . 
 earlier , pippa opened the second , smaller fridge , revealing shelves packed with weapons she had been sent by the resistance . 
 tack , raven , lu , hunter , and julian were each provided with guns . 
 we 've had to make do with a half-empty bottle of gasoline , stuffed with an ancient rag : a beggar 's purse , pippa called it . 
 by silent consensus i have been elected the one to carry it . 
 as we walk , it seems to grow heavier in my backpack , bumping uncomfortably against my spine . 
 i ca n't help but imagine sudden explosions , being blown accidentally to bits . 
 we reach the place where the camp runs up against the city 's southern border wall , a wave of people and tents lapping up against the stone . 
 this part of the wall , and the city beyond it , has been abandoned . 
 enormous , dark floodlights crane their necks over the camp . 
 only a single bulb remains intact : it sends a bright white light forward , painting the outline of things clearly , leaving the detail and the depth out , like a lighthouse beaming out over dark water . 
 we follow the border wall north and finally leave the camp behind . 
 the ground underneath us feels dry . 
 the carpet of pine needles cracks and snaps each time we take a step . 
 other than that , once the noise of the camp recedes , it is silent . 
 anxiety gnaws at my stomach . 
 i 'm not too worried about our role-if all goes well , we wo n't even have to breach the wall-but julian is in way over his head . 
 he has no idea what he 's doing , no idea what he 's getting into . 
 `` this is crazy , '' coral says suddenly . 
 her voice is high , shrill . 
 she must have been fighting down panic all this time . 
 `` it 'll never work . 
 it 's suicide . '' 
 `` you did n't have to come , '' i say sharply . 
 `` no one asked you to volunteer . '' 
 it 's as though she does n't hear me . 
 `` we should have packed up , gotten out of here , '' she says . 
 `` and left everyone else to fend for themselves ? '' 
 i fire back . 
 coral says nothing . 
 she 's obviously just as unhappy as i am that we 've been forced to work together-probably even unhappier , since i 'm the one in charge . 
 we weave between the trees , following the erratic motions of bram 's lantern , which bobs in front of us like an overgrown firefly . 
 every so often , we cross ribbons of concrete , radiating outward from the city 's walls . 
 once , these old roads would have led to other towns . 
 now they run aground into earth , flowing like gray rivers around the bases of new trees . 
 signs-choked with brown ivy-point the way to towns and restaurants long dismantled . 
 i check the small plastic watch that beast lent me : eleven thirty p.m. . 
 it has been an hour and a half since we set out . 
 we have another half hour before we are supposed to light the rag and send the purse over the wall . 
 this will be timed with a simultaneous explosion on the eastern side , just south of where raven , tack , julian , and the others will be crossing . 
 hopefully , the two explosions will divert attention away from the breach . 
 this far from the camp , the border becomes better maintained . 
 the high concrete wall is undamaged and clean . 
 the floodlights become functional and more numerous : enormous , wide-open , dazzling eyes at intervals of twenty or thirty feet . 
 beyond the floodlights , i can make out the black silhouettes of looming apartment complexes , glass-fronted buildings , church spires . 
 i know we must be getting close to the downtown center , an area that , unlike some of the outlying residential portions of the city , was not completely evacuated . 
 adrenaline starts working its way through me , making me feel very alert . 
 i 'm suddenly aware that the night is n't silent at all . 
 i can hear animals scurrying all around us , the pitter-patter of small bodies rustling through the leaves . 
 then : voices , faintly , intermingling with the wood sounds . 
 `` bram , '' i whisper at him . 
 `` turn off the lantern . '' 
 he does . 
 we all stop moving . 
 the crickets are singing , beating the air into bits , ticking off seconds . 
 i can hear the shallow , desperate pattern of coral 's breathing . 
 she 's scared . 
 voices again , and a bit of drifting laughter . 
 we are hugging the woods , concealed in a thick wedge of dark between two floodlights . 
 as my eyes adjust , i see a tiny glowing light-an orange firefly-hovering above the wall . 
 it flares , fades , then flares again . 
 a cigarette . 
 guard . 
 another burst of laughter breaks the silence , this time louder , and a man 's voice says , `` no frigging way . '' 
 guards , plural . 
 so . 
 there are watch points along the way . 
 this is both good and bad news . 
 more guards means more people to sound the alarm , more forces to divert from the main breach . 
 but it will also make it more dangerous to get close to the wall . 
 i gesture for bram to keep moving . 
 now that the lantern is off , we have to go slowly . 
 i check the watch again . 
 twenty minutes . 
 then i see it : a metal structure rising above the wall like an overgrown birdcage . 
 an alarm tower . 
 manhattan , which had a wall similar to this one , had similar alarms . 
 inside the wire cage is a lever that will trip security alarms all across the city , summon regulators and police to the border . 
 the alarm tower is situated , mercifully , in one of the dark spaces between floodlights . 
 still , it 's a good bet that there are guards working that portion of the border , even if we ca n't see them . 
 the top of the wall is bulk and shadow , and any number of regulators could be sheltered there . 
 i whisper for bram and coral to stop . 
 we are still a good hundred feet from the wall , and concealed in the shadow of looming evergreens and oaks . 
 `` we 'll detonate as close to the alarm tower as possible , '' i say , keeping my voice low . 
 `` if the explosion does n't trip the alarm , the guards will . 
 bram , i need you to take out one of the floodlights farther on . 
 not too far , though . 
 if there are guards in the tower , i want them pulled away from their position . 
 i 'm going to need to get closer before i can toss this thing . '' 
 i ease off my backpack . 
 `` what am i going to do ? '' 
 coral asks . 
 `` stay here , '' i say . 
 `` watch . 
 cover me if something goes wrong . '' 
 `` that 's bullshit , '' she says halfheartedly . 
 i check my watch again . 
 fifteen minutes . 
 almost go-time . 
 i wrestle the bottle out of my backpack . 
 it feels larger than it did earlier , and harder to carry . 
 i ca n't immediately find the matchbook tack gave me , and i have a momentary panic that it somehow got lost in the dark-but then i remember i put it in my pocket for safekeeping . 
 light the rag , throw the bottle , pippa told me . 
 nothing to it . 
 i take a deep breath , exhale silently . 
 i do n't want coral to know that i 'm nervous . 
 `` okay , bram . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 his voice is soft but calm . 
 `` go now . 
 but wait for my whistle . '' 
 he unfolds from his crouch , then moves away from us soundlessly ; he is soon absorbed by the greater dark . 
 coral and i wait in silence . 
 at one point our elbows collide , and she jerks back . 
 i scoot a little away from her , scanning the wall , trying to make out whether the shadows i see are people , or just tricks of the night . 
 i check my watch , then check it again . 
 suddenly the minutes seem to be tumbling forward . 
 11:50 . 
 11:53 . 
 11:55 . 
 now . 
 my throat is parched . 
 i can hardly swallow , and i have to lick my lips twice before i manage a whistle . 
 for several long , agonizing moments , nothing happens . 
 there 's no longer any point in pretending that i 'm not afraid . 
 my heart is jackhammering in my chest , and my lungs feel like they 've been flattened . 
 then i see him . 
 just for a second , as he darts toward the wall , he crosses into the path of the floodlight and he is lit up , frozen , a photographic still ; then the darkness swallows him again , and a second later there 's a tremendous shattering , and the floodlight goes dark . 
 instantly , i 'm up on my feet and running for the wall . 
 i 'm aware of shouting , but i ca n't make out any words , do n't focus on anything but the wall and the alarm tower behind it . 
 now that the floodlight is out , the tower 's silhouettes have come into starker relief , backlit by the moon and a few scattered lights from the city . 
 fifteen feet from the wall , i press myself against the trunk of a young oak . 
 i put the beggar 's purse between my thighs and struggle to get a match lit . 
 the first one sputters out . 
 `` come on , come on , '' i mutter . 
 my hands are shaking . 
 matches two and three do n't stay lit . 
 a staccato of gunfire breaks the stillness . 
 the shots sound random-they 're firing blind , and i say a quick prayer that bram is back in the trees already , concealed and safe , watching to make sure the rest of the plan goes off . 
 match four catches . 
 i move the bottle from between my thighs , touch the match tip to the rag , watch it flare up , white and hot . 
 then i move out from the shelter of the trees , breathe deep , and throw . 
 the bottle spins toward the wall , a dizzying circle of flame . 
 i brace myself for the explosion , but it never comes . 
 the rag , still flaming , detaches from the mouth of the bottle and floats to the ground . 
 i am temporarily mesmerized , watching its path-like a fiery bird , listing and damaged , collapsing into the undergrowth massed at the base of the wall . 
 the bottle shatters harmlessly against the concrete . 
 `` what the fuck ? 
 now what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` fire , looks like . '' 
 `` probably your damn cigarette . '' 
 `` stop bitching and get me a hose . '' 
 still no alarm . 
 the guards are probably used to vandalism from the invalids , and neither a damaged floodlight nor a dinky fire is enough to cause them concern . 
 it 's possible it wo n't matter-alex , pippa , and beast 's diversion is more important , closer to where the action is-but i ca n't shake the fear that maybe their plan has n't worked either . 
 that will leave a city full of guards , prepped , primed , attentive . 
 that will be sending raven , tack , julian , and the rest of them into slaughter . 
 without consciously deciding to move , i 'm on my feet again , sprinting toward an oak close to the wall that looks like it will support my weight . 
 all i know is i have to get over the wall and trigger the alarm myself . 
 i wedge my foot against a knot in the tree trunk and haul myself upward . 
 i 'm weaker than i was last fall , when i used to climb to the nests quickly , daily , without a problem . 
 i thud back down to the ground . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i spin around . 
 coral has emerged from the trees . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i turn back to the tree and try again , picking a different grip this time . 
 no time , no time , no time . 
 `` you said to cover for you , '' she says . 
 `` keep your voice down , '' i whisper sharply . 
 i 'm surprised that she actually cared enough to follow me . 
 `` i have to get over the wall . '' 
 `` and do what ? '' 
 i try a third time-managing to skim the branches above my head with my fingertips-before my legs give out and i 'm forced to jump back to the ground . 
 my fourth attempt is worse than the first three . 
 i 'm losing control , i 'm not thinking straight . 
 `` lena . 
 what are you planning to do ? '' 
 coral repeats . 
 i spin around to look at her . 
 `` give me a boost , '' i whisper . 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 the panic is creeping into my voice . 
 if raven and the others have n't already crossed , they 'll be trying to any second . 
 they 're counting on me . 
 coral must hear the change in my tone , because she does n't ask any more questions . 
 she laces her fingers together and squats so i can wedge my foot in the cradle formed by her hands . 
 then she lifts me , grunting , and i shoot upward and manage to pull myself into the branches , which fan out from the trunk like the spokes of an umbrella laid bare . 
 one branch extends almost all the way to the wall . 
 i lean down onto my stomach , pressing myself flat against the bark , scooting forward like an inchworm . 
 the branch begins to sink under my weight . 
 another foot or so , and it begins to sway . 
 i ca n't go any farther . 
 as the branch sinks , the distance between my position and the top of the wall increases ; any farther , and i 'll have no chance of making it over . 
 i take a deep breath and move into a crouch , keeping my hands tightly wrapped around the branch , which is swaying lightly underneath me . 
 there 's no time to worry or debate . 
 i spring up and toward the wall and the branch moves with me , like a springboard , as my weight is released . 
 for a second i 'm airborne , weightless . 
 then the wall 's concrete edge drives hard into my stomach , knocking the wind out of me . 
 i just manage to hook both my arms over the wall and pull myself over , dropping onto the elevated pathway that the guards walk during their patrol . 
 i pause in the shadows to get control of my breathing . 
 but i ca n't rest for very long . 
 i hear a sudden eruption of sound : guards calling to one another , and heavy footsteps jogging in my direction . 
 they 'll be on me in no time , and i 'll have lost my chance . 
 i stand and sprint toward the alarm tower . 
 `` hey ! 
 hey , stop ! '' 
 shapes materialize from the dark : one , two , three guards , all men , moonlight on metal . 
 guns . 
 the first shot dings off one of the steel supports of the alarm tower . 
 i throw myself into the small , open-air tower as more shots rattle the air . 
 my vision is tunneling and everything sounds distant . 
 disjointed images flash in my head , like stills from different movies : shots . 
 firecrackers . 
 screaming . 
 children on the beach . 
 and then all i can see is the small lever , illuminated from above by a single bulb encased in metal wiring : emergency alarm . 
 time seems to wind down . 
 my arm looks like someone else 's , floating toward the lever , agonizingly slow . 
 the lever is in my hand : the metal is surprisingly cold . 
 slowly , slowly , slowly , the hand grips ; the arm pushes . 
 another shot , the ring of metal all around me : a fine , high vibration . 
 then , all at once , the night is pierced with a shrill , wailing cry , and time shudders back to normal speed . 
 the sound is so tremendous , i can feel it in my teeth . 
 an enormous bulb at the top of the alarm tower lights up and begins turning , sending a sweep of red across the city . 
 there are arms reaching for me through the metal scaffolding : spider arms , huge and hairy . 
 one of the guards grabs my wrist . 
 i reach out and wrap a hand around the back of his neck , pull him suddenly forward , and he collides forehead-first with one of the steel supports . 
 his grip on me releases as he staggers backward , cursing . 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 i burst free from the tower . 
 two steps , over the wall , and i 'll be fine , i 'll be free . 
 bram and coral will be waiting in the trees ... we 'll lose the guards in the darkness and the shadows ... . 
 i can make it ... . 
 that 's when coral comes over the wall . 
 i 'm so startled , i stop running . 
 this is n't protocol . 
 before i have time to ask her what she 's doing , an arm is wrapped around my waist , hauling me backward . 
 i smell leather and feel hot breath on my neck . 
 instincts take over ; i shove my elbow back into the guard 's stomach , but he does n't release me . 
 `` hold still , '' he snarls . 
 everything is short bursts : someone is screaming , and a hand is around my throat . 
 coral is in front of me , pale and lovely , hair streaming behind her , arm raised-a vision . 
 she 's holding a rock . 
 her arm pinwheels , a graceful , pale arc , and i think , she 's going to kill me . 
 then the guard grunts , and the arm around my waist goes slack , and the hand releases as he crumples to the ground . 
 but now they are appearing from everywhere . 
 the alarm is still screaming , and at intervals the scene is lit up in red : two guards on our left ; two guards on our right . 
 three guards , shoulder to shoulder , pressed against the wall , blocking our path to the other side . 
 sweep : the light cuts over us again , illuminating a metal stairway behind us , stretching down into the narrow chasm of city streets . 
 `` this way , '' i pant . 
 i reach out and tug coral down the stairs . 
 this move was unexpected , and it takes the guards a moment to react . 
 by the time they reach the stairway , coral and i have hit the street . 
 any second more guards will arrive , summoned by the alarm . 
 but if we can find a dark corner ... somewhere to hide and wait it out ... only a few streetlamps are still lit . 
 the streets are dark . 
 a smattering of gunfire rings out , but it 's clear the guards are firing at random . 
 we make a right , then a left , then another right . 
 footsteps drum toward us . 
 more patrols . 
 i hesitate , wondering whether we should go back the way we came . 
 coral puts a hand on my arm and draws me toward a thick triangle of shadow : a recessed doorway , scented with cat urine and cigarette smoke and half-concealed behind a pillared entry . 
 we crouch in the shadows . 
 a minute later , a blur of bodies goes by , a buzz of walkie-talkie voices and heavy breathing . 
 `` alarm 's still going . 
 position twenty-four is saying there 's been a breach . '' 
 `` we 're waiting for backup to start the sweep . '' 
 as soon as they pass , i turn to coral . 
 `` what the hell were you doing ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` why did you follow me ? '' 
 `` you said i was supposed to back you up , '' she says . 
 `` i got freaked when i heard the alarm . 
 i thought you must be in trouble . '' 
 `` what about bram ? '' 
 i say . 
 coral shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you should n't have risked it , '' i say sharply . 
 then i add , `` thank you . '' 
 i start to climb to my feet , but coral draws me back . 
 `` wait , '' she whispers , and brings her fingers to her lips . 
 then i hear it : more footsteps , moving in the opposite direction . 
 two figures come into view , moving fast . 
 one of them , a man , is saying , `` i do n't know how you lived with that filth for so long ... . 
 i 'm telling you , i could n't have done it . '' 
 `` it was n't easy . '' 
 the second one is a woman . 
 i think her voice sounds familiar . 
 as soon as they pass out of view , coral nudges me . 
 we need to move away from the area , which will soon be crawling with patrols ; they 'll probably turn on the streetlamps , too , so their search will be easier . 
 we need to head south . 
 then we 'll be able to cross back into the camp . 
 we move quickly , in silence , sticking close to the buildings , where we can easily duck into alleys and doorways . 
 i 'm filled with the same suffocating fear i felt when julian and i escaped through the tunnels and had to make our way through the underground . 
 abruptly , all the streetlamps come on at once . 
 it 's as though the shadows were an ocean , and the tide has gone out , leaving a barren , ridged landscape of empty streets . 
 instinctively , coral and i duck instinctively into a darkened doorway . 
 `` shit , '' she mutters . 
 `` i was afraid this would happen , '' i whisper . 
 `` we 'll have to stick to the alleys . 
 we 'll stick to the darkest places we can find . '' 
 coral nods . 
 we move like rats : we scamper from shadow to shadow , hiding in the small spaces : in the alleys and the cracks , the darkened doorways and behind the dumpsters . 
 twice more , we hear patrols approaching us and have to duck into the shadows , until the buzz of static walkie-talkies , and the rhythm of footsteps , is gone . 
 the city changes . 
 soon , the buildings thin out . 
 at last the sound of the alarm , still wailing , is no more than a distant cry , and we sink gratefully back into an area where the streetlamps are dark . 
 the moon above us is high and bloated . 
 the apartments on either side of us have the empty , forlorn look of children separated from their parents . 
 i wonder how far we are from the river , whether raven and the others managed to explode the dam , whether we would have heard it . 
 i think of julian and feel a twist of anxiety and also regret . 
 i 've been hard on him . 
 he 's doing his best . 
 `` lena . '' 
 coral stops and points . 
 we 're moving past a park ; at its center is a sunken amphitheater . 
 for a second , confusedly , i have the impression of dark oil , shimmering between its stone seats ; the moon is shining down onto a slick black surface . 
 then i realize : water . 
 half the theater is flooded . 
 a coating of scattered leaves is swirling across its surface , disturbing the watery reflections of the moon , stars , and trees . 
 it 's strangely beautiful . 
 i take an unconscious step forward , onto the grass , which squelches under my feet . 
 mud bubbles up beneath my shoes . 
 pippa was right . 
 the dam must have forced the water over the riverbanks and flooded some of the downtown areas . 
 that must mean we 're in one of the neighborhoods that was evacuated after the protests . 
 `` let 's get to the wall , '' i say . 
 `` we should n't have any trouble crossing . '' 
 we continue skirting the periphery of the park . 
 the silence around us is deep , complete , and reassuring . 
 i 'm starting to feel good . 
 we 've made it . 
 we did what we were supposed to do-with any luck , the rest of our plan went off too . 
 at one corner of the park is a small stone rotunda , surrounded by a fringe of dark trees . 
 if it were n't for the single , old-fashioned lantern burning on the corner , i would have missed the girl sitting on one of its stone benches . 
 her head is dropped between her knees , but i recognize her long , streaked hair and her mud-caked purple sneakers . 
 lu . 
 coral sees her at the same time i do . 
 `` is n't that ... ? '' 
 she starts to ask , but i 'm already breaking into a run . 
 `` lu ! '' 
 i cry out . 
 she looks up , startled . 
 she must not recognize me immediately ; for a second her face is vivid white , frightened . 
 i drop into a squat in front of her , put my hands on her shoulders . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i say breathlessly . 
 `` where are the others ? 
 did something happen ? '' 
 `` i ... '' she trails off and shakes her head . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 i straighten up , keeping my hands on her shoulders . 
 i do n't see any blood , but she 's trembling slightly under my hands . 
 she opens her mouth and then closes it again . 
 her eyes are wide and vacant . 
 `` lu . 
 talk to me . '' 
 i lift my hands from her shoulders to her face , giving her a gentle shake , trying to snap her out of it . 
 as i do , my fingertips skim the skin behind her left ear . 
 my heart stops . 
 lu lets out a small cry and tries to jerk away from me . 
 but i keep my hands wrapped tightly around the back of her neck . 
 now she is bucking and twisting , trying to fight her way from my grasp . 
 `` get away from me , '' she practically spits . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 i ca n't speak . 
 all my energy is in my hands now , and my fingers . 
 she is strong , but she has been taken by surprise , and i manage to haul her to her feet and pin her back against a stone column . 
 i drive my elbow into her neck , forcing her to turn , coughing , to the left . 
 dimly i 'm aware of coral 's voice . 
 `` what the hell are you doing , lena ? '' 
 i wrench lu 's hair away from her face , so that her neck is exposed , white and pretty . 
 i can see the frantic flutter of her pulse-just beneath the neat , three-pronged scar on her neck . 
 the mark of the procedure . 
 a real one . 
 lu is cured . 
 the past few weeks cycle back to me : lu 's quietness , and her changes in temperament . 
 the fact that she grew her hair long and brushed it carefully forward every day . 
 `` when ? '' 
 i croak out . 
 i still have my forearm pressed against her throat . 
 something black and old is rising up inside of me . 
 traitor . 
 `` let me go , '' she gasps . 
 her left eye rolls back to look at me . 
 `` when ? '' 
 i repeat , and give her throat a nudge . 
 she cries out . 
 `` okay , okay , '' she says , and i ease the pressure , just a little . 
 but i keep her pinned against the stone . 
 `` december , '' she croaks . 
 `` baltimore . '' 
 my head is spinning . 
 of course . 
 it was lu i heard earlier . 
 the regulator 's words come back to me with new , terrible meaning : i do n't know how you lived with that filth for so long . 
 and hers : it was n't easy . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i choke out the words . 
 when she does n't answer me immediately , i lean into her again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she starts speaking in a hoarse rush . 
 `` they were right , lena . 
 i know that now . 
 think of all those people out there in the camps , in the wilds ... like animals . 
 that 's not happiness . '' 
 `` it 's freedom , '' i say . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 her eye is huge ; her iris has been swallowed by black . 
 `` are you free , lena ? 
 is this the life you wanted ? '' 
 i ca n't respond . 
 the anger is a thick , dark mud , a rising tide in my chest and throat . 
 lu 's voice drops to a silken whisper , like the noise of a snake through the grass . 
 `` it 's not too late for you , lena . 
 it does n't matter what you 've done on the other side . 
 we 'll wipe that out ; we 'll start clean . 
 that 's the whole point . 
 we can take all that away ... the past , the pain , all your struggling . 
 you can start again . '' 
 for a second , we both stand there staring at each other . 
 lu is breathing hard . 
 `` all of it ? '' 
 i say . 
 lu tries to nod , and grimaces as she once again encounters my elbow . 
 `` the anxiety , the unhappiness . 
 we can make it go away . '' 
 i ease the pressure off her neck . 
 she sucks in a deep , grateful breath . 
 i lean in very close to her and repeat something that hana once said to me a lifetime ago . 
 `` you know you ca n't be happy unless you 're unhappy sometimes , right ? '' 
 lu 's face hardens . 
 i 've given her just enough space to maneuver , and when she goes to swing at me , i catch her left wrist and twist it behind her back , forcing her to double over . 
 i wrestle her to the ground , press her flat , force a knee between her shoulder blades . 
 `` lena ! '' 
 coral shouts . 
 i ignore her . 
 a single word drums through me : traitor . 
 traitor . 
 traitor . 
 `` what happened to the others ? '' 
 i say . 
 my words are high and strangled , clutched in the web of anger . 
 `` it 's too late , lena . '' 
 lu 's face is half-mashed against the ground , but still she manages to twist her mouth into a horrible smile , a leering half grin . 
 it 's a good thing i do n't have a knife on me . 
 i would drive it straight into her neck . 
 i think of raven smiling , laughing . 
 lu can come with us . 
 she 's a walking good-luck charm . 
 i think of tack dividing his bread , giving her the largest share when she complained about being hungry . 
 my heart feels like it 's crumbling to chalk , and i want to scream and cry at the same time . 
 we trusted you . 
 `` lena , '' coral repeats . 
 `` i think - '' `` be quiet , '' i say hoarsely , keeping my focus locked on lu . 
 `` tell me what happened to them or i 'll kill you . '' 
 she struggles under my weight , and continues beaming that horrible twisted grin at me . 
 `` too late , '' she repeats . 
 `` they 'll be here before nightfall tomorrow . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 her laughter is a rattle in her throat . 
 `` you did n't think it would last , did you ? 
 you did n't think we 'd let you keep playing in your little camp , in your filth - '' i twist her arms another inch toward her shoulder blades . 
 she cries out , and then continues speaking in a rush . 
 `` ten thousand soldiers , lena . 
 ten thousand soldiers against a thousand hungry , thirsty , diseased , disorganized uncureds . 
 you 'll be mowed down . 
 obliterated . 
 poof . '' 
 i think i 'm going to be sick . 
 my head is thick , fluid-feeling . 
 distantly , i 'm aware that coral is speaking to me again . 
 it takes a moment for the words to work their way through the murk , through the watery echoes in my head . 
 `` lena . 
 i think someone 's coming . '' 
 she has barely spoken the words when a regulator-probably the one we saw with lu earlier-rounds the corner , saying , `` sorry that took so long . 
 shed was locked - '' he breaks off when he sees coral and me , and lu on the ground . 
 coral shouts and lunges for him but clumsily , off balance . 
 he pushes her backward , and i hear a small crack as her head collides with one of the stone columns of the portico . 
 the regulator lunges forward , swinging his flashlight at her face . 
 she manages to duck , barely , and the flashlight crashes hard against the stone pillar and sputters into darkness . 
 the regulator has thrown too much weight into the swing , and his balance is upset . 
 this gives coral just enough time to break past him , away from the pillar . 
 she 's swaying on her feet , and obviously unsteady . 
 she staggers around to face him , but clutching one hand to the back of her head . 
 the regulator regains his footing and his hand goes to his belt . 
 gun . 
 i rocket to my feet . 
 i have no choice but to release lu from underneath me . 
 i dive at the regulator and grab him around the waist . 
 my weight and momentum carry us both off our feet , and we hit the ground together , rolling once , arms and legs tangled together . 
 the taste of his uniform and sweat is in my mouth , and i can feel the weight of his gun digging against my thigh . 
 behind me , i hear a shout , and a body thudding to the ground . 
 i pray that it 's lu and not coral . 
 then the regulator breaks free of my grip and scrambles to his feet , pushing me off him roughly . 
 he is panting , red-faced . 
 bigger than i am , and stronger-but slower , too , in bad shape . 
 he fumbles with his belt , but i 'm on my feet before he can get the gun from its holster . 
 i grab his wrist , and he lets out a roar of frustration . 
 bang . 
 the gun goes off . 
 the explosion is so unexpected , it sends a jolt through my whole body ; i feel it ringing all the way up into my teeth . 
 i jump backward . 
 the regulator screams out in pain and crumples ; a dark black stain is spreading down his right leg and he rolls over onto his back , clutching his thigh . 
 his face is contorted , wet with sweat . 
 the gun is still in its holster-a misfire . 
 i step forward and take the gun off him . 
 he does n't resist . 
 he just keeps moaning and shuddering , repeating , `` oh shit , oh shit . '' 
 `` what the hell did you do ? '' 
 i whip around . 
 lu is standing , panting , staring at me . 
 behind her , i see coral lying on the ground , on her side , her head resting on one arm and her legs curled up toward her chest . 
 my heart stops . 
 please do n't let her be dead . 
 then i see her eyelids flutter , and one of her hands twitch . 
 she moans . 
 not dead , then . 
 lu takes a step toward me . 
 i raise the gun , level it at her . 
 she freezes . 
 `` hey , now . '' 
 her voice is warm , easy , friendly . 
 `` do n't do anything stupid , okay ? 
 just hold on . '' 
 `` i know what i 'm doing , '' i say . 
 i 'm amazed to see how steady my hand is . 
 i 'm amazed that this-wrist , finger , fist , gun-belongs to me . 
 she manages to smile . 
 `` remember the old homestead ? '' 
 she says in that same smooth lullaby-voice . 
 `` remember when blue and i found all those blueberry bushes ? '' 
 `` do n't you dare talk to me about what i remember , '' i practically spit . 
 `` and do n't talk about blue , either . '' 
 i c * ck the gun . 
 i see her flinch . 
 her smile falters . 
 it would be so easy . 
 flex and release . 
 bang . 
 `` lena , '' she says , but i do n't let her finish . 
 i take a step closer to her , closing the distance between us , then wrap one arm around her neck and draw her into an embrace , shoving the muzzle of the revolver into the soft flesh of her chin . 
 her eyes begin rolling , like a horse 's when it 's frightened ; i can feel her bucking against me , shaking , trying to wrestle away from me . 
 `` do n't move , '' i say in a voice that does n't sound like my own . 
 she goes limp-all except for her eyes , which keep rolling , terrified , from my face to the sky . 
 flex and release . 
 a simple motion ; a twitch . 
 i can smell her breath , too : hot and sour . 
 i push her away from me . 
 she falls back , gasping , as though i 've been choking her . 
 `` go , '' i say . 
 `` take him '' - i gesture to the regulator , who is still moaning , and clutching his thigh - `` and go . '' 
 she licks her lips nervously , her eyes darting to the man on the ground . 
 `` before i change my mind , '' i add . 
 she does n't hesitate after that ; she squats and slings the regulator 's arm around her shoulders , helping him to his feet . 
 the stain on his pants is black , spreading from mid-thigh down to his kneecap . 
 i find myself hoping , cruelly , that he 'll bleed out before they can find help . 
 `` let 's go , '' lu whispers to him , her eyes still locked on me . 
 i watch as she and the regulator hobble off down the street . 
 each one of his steps is punctuated by a cry of pain . 
 as soon as the darkness has swallowed them , i exhale . 
 i turn around and see that coral is sitting up , rubbing her head . 
 `` i 'm all right , '' she says when i go to help her up . 
 she climbs to her feet unsteadily . 
 she blinks several times , as though trying to clear her vision . 
 `` you sure you can walk ? '' 
 i ask , and she nods . 
 `` come on , '' i say . 
 `` we 've got to find our way out of here . '' 
 lu and the regulator will give us away at their first opportunity . 
 if we do n't hurry , any minute we 'll be surrounded . 
 i feel a deep spasm of hatred , thinking of the fact that tack shared his dinner with lu only a few days ago , thinking of the fact that lu accepted it from him . 
 thankfully , we make it to the border wall without encountering any patrols , and locate a rusty metal stairwell that leads up to the guards ' walkway , which is also empty ; we must be at the southernmost end of the city right now , very close to the camp , and security is concentrated in more populated portions of waterbury . 
 coral mounts the stairs shakily and i go behind her , to make sure she wo n't fall , but she refuses my help and jerks away from me when i place a hand on her back . 
 in just a few hours , my respect for her has increased tenfold . 
 as we reach the walkway , the alarm in the distance finally stops , and the sudden quiet is somehow scarier : a silent scream . 
 getting down the other side of the wall is trickier . 
 the drop from the top is a good fifteen feet , onto a steep , loose slope of gravel and rock . 
 i go first , swinging out , hand over hand , on one of the disabled floodlights ; when i let go and drop to the ground , i slide forward several feet , thudding onto my knees , and feel the gravel bite through my denim . 
 coral follows after me , her face pale with concentration , landing with a small cry of pain . 
 i do n't know what i was expecting-i had feared , i think , that the tanks would have already arrived , that we would find the camp already consumed by fire and chaos-but it stretches before us as it ever did , a vast and pitted field of peaked tents and shelters . 
 beyond it , across the valley , are the high cliffs , capped with a shaggy black mass of trees . 
 `` how long do you think we have ? '' 
 coral says . 
 i know without asking that she means before the troops come . 
 `` not long enough , '' i say . 
 we move in silence toward the outskirts of the camp-walking the periphery will still be quicker than trying to navigate the maze of people and tents . 
 the river is still dry . 
 the plan obviously failed . 
 raven and the others did not manage to disable the dam-not that it matters much , at this point . 
 all these people ... thirsty , exhausted , weak . 
 they 'll be easier to corral . 
 and , of course , far easier to kill . 
 by the time we make it back to pippa 's camp , my throat is so dry i can hardly swallow . 
 for a second , when julian rushes toward me , i do n't recognize his face : it is a collection of random shapes and shadows . 
 behind him , alex turns away from the fire . 
 he meets my eyes and starts toward me , mouth open , hands extended . 
 everything freezes , and i know i 've been forgiven and i reach out my hands-reach out my arms to him ... `` lena ! '' 
 then julian is sweeping me into his arms , and i snap back into myself , press my cheek against his chest . 
 alex must have been reaching for coral ; i hear him murmuring to her , and as i pull away from julian , i see that alex is leading coral back toward one of the campfires . 
 i was so sure , for just that one second , that he was reaching for me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 julian asks , cupping my face and bending down a little bit so that we 're nearly eye to eye . 
 `` bram told us - '' `` where 's raven ? '' 
 i say , cutting him off . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 she flows out of the dark , and suddenly i am surrounded : bram , hunter , tack , and pippa , all speaking at once , firing questions at me . 
 julian keeps one hand on my back . 
 hunter offers me a drink from a plastic jug , which is mostly empty . 
 i take it gratefully . 
 `` is coral okay ? '' 
 `` you 're bleeding , lena . '' 
 `` god . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` there 's no time . '' 
 the water has helped , but still the words shred my throat . 
 `` we have to leave . 
 we have to get everyone we can , and we have to - '' `` slow down , slow down . '' 
 pippa holds up both hands . 
 half her face is lit by the fire ; the other is plunged in darkness . 
 i think of lu and feel nauseous : a half person , a two-faced traitor . 
 `` start from the beginning , '' raven says . 
 `` we had to fight , '' i say . 
 `` we had to go inside . '' 
 `` we thought you might have been taken , '' tack says . 
 i can tell he 's hopped up , anxious ; everybody is . 
 the whole group is charged with bad electricity . 
 `` after the ambush - '' `` ambush ? '' 
 i repeat sharply . 
 `` what do you mean , ambush ? '' 
 `` we never made it to the dam , '' raven says . 
 `` alex and beast managed to get their blast off okay . 
 we were a half-dozen feet from the wall when a group of regulators started swarming us . 
 it was like they were waiting . 
 we would have been screwed if julian had n't spotted the movement and given the alarm early . '' 
 alex has joined the group . 
 coral gets clumsily to her feet , her mouth a fine , dark line . 
 i think she looks more beautiful than i 've ever seen her . 
 my heart squeezes once , tight , in my chest . 
 i can see why alex likes her . 
 maybe even why he loves her . 
 `` we beat it back here , '' pippa pipes up . 
 `` then bram showed up . 
 we 've been debating whether to go looking - '' `` where 's dani ? '' 
 i notice , for the first time , that she is n't with the group . 
 `` dead , '' raven says shortly , avoiding my eyes . 
 `` and lu was taken . 
 we could n't get to them in time . 
 i 'm sorry , lena , '' she finishes in a softer voice , and looks at me again . 
 i feel another surge of nausea . 
 i wrap my arms around my stomach , as though i can press it deep and down . 
 `` lu was n't taken , '' i say . 
 my voice comes out as a bark . 
 `` and they were waiting for you . 
 the regulators . 
 it was a trap . '' 
 there 's a second of silence . 
 raven and tack exchange a glance . 
 alex is the one who speaks . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 it 's the first time he has spoken to me directly since that night on the banks , after the regulators burned our camp . 
 `` lu is n't what we thought she was , '' i say . 
 `` she is n't who we thought she was . 
 she 's been cured . '' 
 more silence : a sharp , shocked minute of it . 
 finally raven bursts out , `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i saw the mark , '' i say . 
 suddenly i 'm exhausted . 
 `` and she told me . '' 
 `` impossible , '' hunter says . 
 `` i was with her ... . 
 we went to maryland together ... . '' 
 `` it 's not impossible , '' raven says slowly . 
 `` she told me she 'd broken off from the group for a while , spent some time floating between homesteads . '' 
 `` she was only gone for a few weeks . '' 
 hunter looks at bram for confirmation . 
 bram nods . 
 `` that 's time enough . '' 
 julian speaks softly . 
 alex glares at him . 
 but julian 's right : it is time enough . 
 raven 's voice is strained . 
 `` go on , lena . '' 
 `` they 're bringing in troops , '' i say . 
 once the words leave my mouth i feel like i 've been socked in the stomach . 
 there 's another moment of silence . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 pippa demands . 
 `` ten thousand . '' 
 i can barely speak the words . 
 there is a sharp intake of breath , gasps from all around the circle . 
 pippa stays laser-focused on me . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` less than twenty-four hours , '' i say . 
 `` if she was telling the truth , '' bram says . 
 pippa runs a hand through her hair , making it stick up in spikes . 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' she says , but adds almost immediately , `` i was worried something like this might happen . '' 
 `` i 'll f ** king kill her , '' hunter says softly . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 raven addresses the comment to pippa . 
 pippa is silent for a second , staring at the fire . 
 then she rouses herself . 
 `` we do nothing , '' she says firmly , sweeping her eyes deliberately around the group : from tack and raven to hunter and bram ; to beast and alex and coral , and to julian . 
 finally her eyes click to mine , and i involuntarily draw back . 
 it 's as though a door has closed inside her . 
 for once , she is n't pacing . 
 `` raven , you and tack will lead the group to a safe house just outside of hartford . 
 summer told me how to get there . 
 some contacts from the resistance will be there in the next few days . 
 you 'll have to wait it out . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 beast asks . 
 pippa pushes her way out of the circle , stepping into the three-sided structure at the center of camp and moving toward the old refrigerator . 
 `` i 'll do what i can here , '' she says . 
 everyone speaks at once . 
 beast says , `` i 'm staying with you . '' 
 tack bursts out , `` that 's suicide , pippa . '' 
 and raven says , `` you 're no match for ten thousand troops . 
 you 'll be mowed down - '' pippa raises a hand . 
 `` i 'm not planning to fight , '' she says . 
 `` i 'll do what i can to spread the word about what 's coming . 
 i 'll try to clear the camp . '' 
 `` there 's no time . '' 
 coral speaks up . 
 her voice is shrill . 
 `` the troops are already on their way ... . 
 there 's no time to move everyone , no time to get the word out - '' `` i said i would do what i can . '' 
 now pippa 's voice turns sharp . 
 she removes the key from around her neck and opens the lock around the fridge , removing food and medical equipment from the darkened shelves . 
 `` we wo n't leave without you , '' beast says stubbornly . 
 `` we 'll stay . 
 we 'll help you clear the camp . '' 
 `` you 'll do what i say , '' pippa says , without turning around to face him . 
 she squats and begins pulling blankets from under the bench . 
 `` you 'll go to the safe house and you 'll wait for the resistance . '' 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 their eyes meet : some wordless dialogue flows between them , and at last , pippa nods . 
 `` all right , '' she says . 
 `` but the rest of you need to clear out . '' 
 `` pippa - '' raven starts to protest . 
 pippa straightens up . 
 `` no arguing , '' she says . 
 now i know where raven learned her hardness , her way of leading people . 
 `` coral is right about one thing , '' pippa continues quietly . 
 `` there 's hardly any time . 
 i expect you out of here in twenty minutes . '' 
 she sweeps her eyes around the circle again . 
 `` raven , take the supplies you think you 'll need . 
 it 's a day 's walk to the safe house , more if you have to circumvent the troops . 
 tack , come with me . 
 i 'll make you a map . '' 
 the group breaks up . 
 maybe it 's the exhaustion , or the fear , but everything seems to happen as it does in a dream : tack and pippa are crouching over something , gesticulating ; raven is rolling up food in blankets , tying up the bundles with old cord ; hunter is urging me to have more water and then , suddenly , pippa is pressing us to go , go . 
 the moon beats down on the switchback paths cut in the hill , tawny-colored and dry , as though steeped in old blood . 
 i shoot a last glance back down at the camp , at the sea of writhing shadows-people , all those people , who do n't know that even now the guns and the bombs and the troops are drawing closer . 
 raven must sense it too : the new terror in the air , the proximity of death , the way an animal must feel when it is caught in a trap . 
 she turns and shouts down to pippa . 
 `` please , pippa . '' 
 her voice rolls off the bare slope . 
 pippa is standing at the bottom of the dirt path , watching us . 
 beast is standing behind her . 
 she 's holding a lantern , which illuminates her face from below , carves it into stone , into planes of shadow and light . 
 `` go , '' pippa says . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll meet you at the safe house . '' 
 raven stares at her for a few more seconds , and then begins to turn around again . 
 then pippa calls , `` but if i 'm not there in three days , do n't wait . '' 
 her voice never loses its calm . 
 and i know , now , what the look was that i saw earlier in her eyes . 
 it was beyond calm . 
 it was resignation . 
 it was the look of someone who knows she will die . 
 we leave pippa behind , standing in the dark , teeming bowels of the camp , while the sun begins to stain the sky electric , and from all sides the guns draw closer . 
 hana on saturday morning i make my visit to deering highlands . 
 it is becoming almost routine . 
 i 'm happy that i manage to avoid seeing grace-the streets are still , silent , wrapped in an early-morning mist-and happy , too , that the shelves of the underground room are looking fuller already . 
 back at home , i shower in too-hot water , until my skin is pink . 
 i scrub carefully , under my fingernails even , as though the smell of the highlands , and all the people living there , might have clung to me . 
 but i ca n't be too careful . 
 if cassie was invalidated because she caught the disease , or because fred suspected her of it , i can only imagine what he will do to me and to my family if he discovers that the cure did not work perfectly . 
 i need to know-for good , for sure-what happened to cassandra . 
 fred is spending the day golfing with several dozen campaign donors and supporters , including my father . 
 my mother is meeting mrs. hargrove at the club for lunch . 
 i wave good-bye to my parents cheerfully and then kill time for a half an hour , too antsy to watch tv or do anything but pace . 
 when a sufficient amount of time has elapsed , i gather up the final guest list and seating chart for the wedding , shuffling them roughly into a folder . 
 there 's no point in being secretive about where i 'm going , so i call rick , tony 's brother , and wait on the front porch for him to pull up the car . 
 `` to the hargroves ' , please , '' i say brightly as i slide into the backseat . 
 i try not to fidget too much . 
 i do n't want rick to know that i 'm nervous . 
 i do n't want any questions . 
 but he does n't pay any attention to me at all . 
 he keeps his eyes on the road . 
 his bald head , nestled in his shirt collar , reminds me of a swollen pink egg . 
 at the hargroves ' house , all three cars are missing from the circular driveway . 
 so far , so good . 
 `` wait here , '' i say to rick . 
 `` i wo n't be long . '' 
 a girl i recognize as a member of the household staff opens the door . 
 she ca n't be more than a few years older than i am and has a permanent look of dull suspicion , like a dog kicked too many times in the head . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she says when she sees me , and hesitates , clearly uncertain about whether to let me in . 
 i start talking immediately . 
 `` i ran over here as fast as i could . 
 can you believe after all that , my mom forgot to bring the plans to lunch ? 
 mrs. hargrove needs approval over the seating chart , of course . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 the girl says again . 
 she frowns . 
 `` but mrs. hargrove is n't here . 
 she 's at the club . '' 
 i let out a groan , making a big show of surprise . 
 `` when my mom said they were having lunch , i just assumed ... '' `` they 're at the club , '' she repeats nervously . 
 she 's clinging to that piece of information like a lifeline . 
 `` so stupid of me , '' i say . 
 `` and of course i do n't have time to run to the club now . 
 maybe i could just drop them for mrs. hargrove ... ? '' 
 `` i can give them to her , if you like , '' she offers . 
 `` no , no . 
 you do n't have to , '' i say quickly . 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` if i can just pop inside for a minute , i 'll leave her a quick note . 
 tables six and eight may have to be swapped , and i 'm sure what to do with mr. and mrs. kimble ... . '' 
 the girl retreats to let me in . 
 `` of course , '' she says , opening the door a little wider to admit me . 
 i pass in front of her . 
 although i 've been to the hargroves ' many times , the house feels different without its owners present . 
 most rooms are dark , and it 's so quiet i can hear the creaking of footsteps above , the rustle of fabric several rooms away . 
 goose bumps pop up on my arms . 
 it 's cool in the hall , but it 's also the feel of the place-like the whole house is holding its breath , waiting for a disaster . 
 now that i 'm here , i 'm not sure where to begin . 
 fred must have kept records of his wedding to cassie , and probably of his divorce , too . 
 i 've never been inside his study , but he pointed it out to me during my first visit , and there 's a good chance that any documents he keeps will be there . 
 but first i have to get rid of the girl . 
 `` thanks so much , '' i say as she ushers me into the living room . 
 i beam her my brightest smile . 
 `` i 'll just plop down here and write a note . 
 you 'll tell mrs. hargrove the plans are on the coffee table , right ? '' 
 i intend for her to take this as a hint to leave me , but she just nods and stands there , watching me dumbly . 
 i 'm improvising now , grasping at excuses . 
 `` can you do me a favor ? 
 since i 'm already here , can you run upstairs and try to find the color swatches we lent to mrs. hargrove ages ago ? 
 the florist needs them back . 
 and mrs. hargrove said she left them for me in her bedroom-probably on the desk or something . '' 
 `` color swatches ... ? '' 
 `` a big book of them , '' i say . 
 and then , because she still has n't moved : `` i 'll just wait here while you get them . '' 
 at last she leaves me alone . 
 i wait until i hear her footsteps retreat upstairs before venturing back out to the hallway . 
 the door to fred 's study is closed but , thankfully , unlocked . 
 i slip inside and close the door quietly . 
 my mouth is dry and my heart is speed-racing in my throat . 
 i have to remind myself that i have n't done anything wrong . 
 at least not yet . 
 technically , this is my house too , or it will be very soon . 
 i feel for the light on the wall . 
 it 's a risk-anyone could see the light spilling under the door-but then fumbling around in the dark , overturning furniture , will bring them running as well . 
 the room is dominated by a large desk and a stiff-backed leather chair . 
 i recognize one of fred 's golf trophies and the sterling-silver paperweight sitting on the otherwise empty bookcases . 
 in one corner is a large metal filing cabinet ; next to it , on the wall , is a large painting of a man , presumably a hunter , standing in the middle of various animal carcasses , and i look away quickly . 
 i head for the filing cabinet , which is also unlocked . 
 i rifle through stacks of financial information-bank statements and tax returns , receipts and deposit slips-dating back nearly a decade . 
 one drawer holds all the employee information , including photographed copies of the staff 's id cards . 
 the girl who showed me in is named eleanor latterly , and she 's my age exactly . 
 and then , stuffed in the back of the lowest drawer , i find it : an unmarked folder , slender , containing cassie 's birth and marriage certificates . 
 there 's no record of a divorce , only a letter , folded in two , typed on thick stationery . 
 i scan the first line quickly . 
 this letter is in regard to the physical and mental state of cassandra melanea hargrove , b. o'donnell , who was admitted to my care - i hear footsteps crossing quickly toward the study . 
 i shove the folder back in place , push the cabinet closed with a foot , and stuff the letter into my back pocket , thanking god i thought to wear jeans . 
 i grab a pen off the desk . 
 when eleanor swings the door open , i triumphantly flourish a pen before she has a chance to speak . 
 `` found it ! '' 
 i say cheerfully . 
 `` can you believe i did n't think to bring a pen ? 
 my brain is cheese today . '' 
 she does n't trust me . 
 i can tell . 
 but she ca n't exactly accuse me outright . 
 `` there was no book of swatches , '' she says slowly . 
 `` no book anywhere , that i could see . '' 
 `` weird . '' 
 a bead of sweat trickles between my br ** sts . 
 i watch her eyes tick around the whole room , as though looking for anything disturbed or displaced . 
 `` i guess we 've all got our messages crossed today . 
 excuse me . '' 
 i have to shove past her , moving her bodily out of the way . 
 i barely remember to scrawl a quick note to mrs. hargrove-for your approval ! 
 i write , even though i do n't really care what she thinks . 
 eleanor hovers behind me the whole time , like she thinks i 'm going to steal something . 
 too late . 
 the whole operation has taken only ten minutes . 
 rick still has the engine on . 
 i slide into the backseat . 
 `` home , '' i tell him . 
 as he maneuvers the car out of the driveway , i think i can see eleanor watching me from the front window . 
 it would be safer to wait until i was home to read the note , but i ca n't stop myself from unfolding it . 
 i take a closer look at the letterhead : sean perlin , md , chief surgical supervisor , portland laboratories . 
 the letter is brief . 
 to whom it may concern : this letter is in regard to the physical and mental state of cassandra melanea hargrove , b. o'donnell , who was admitted to my care and supervision for a period of nine days . 
 in my professional opinion , mrs. hargrove suffers acute delusions provoked by an entrenched mental instability ; she is fixated on the bluebeard myth and relates the story to her fears of persecution ; she is profoundly neurotic and unlikely , in my opinion , to improve . 
 her condition seems of the degenerative kind and may have been provoked by certain chemical imbalances resultant from the procedure , although this is impossible to say definitively . 
 i read the letter several times . 
 so i was right-there was something wrong with her . 
 she went screwy . 
 maybe the procedure unhinged her , like it did for willow marks . 
 strange that no one noticed before she married fred , but i guess sometimes these things are gradual . 
 still , the knot in my stomach refuses to unravel . 
 beneath the doctor 's polished prose is a separate message : a message of fear . 
 i remember the story of bluebeard : the story of a man , a handsome prince , who keeps a locked door in his beautiful castle . 
 he tells his new bride that she may enter any room but that one . 
 but one day her curiosity overwhelms her , and she discovers a room of murdered women , strung from their heels . 
 when he finds out she disobeyed his order , he adds her to that horrible , bloody collection . 
 the fairy tale terrified me when i was a kid , especially the image of the women heaped together , arms pale and eyes sightless , gutted . 
 i fold the letter carefully and return it to my back pocket . 
 i 'm being stupid . 
 cassie was defective , like i thought she was , and fred had every reason to divorce her . 
 just because she no longer shows up in the system does n't mean anything terrible happened to her . 
 maybe it was just an administrative error . 
 but the whole ride home , i ca n't help but picture fred 's strange smile , and the way he said , cassie asked too many questions . 
 and i ca n't help the thought that rises , unbidden , unwanted : what if cassie was right to be afraid ? 
 lena for the first half of the day we see no evidence of troops , and it occurs to me that lu might have been lying . 
 i feel a welling of hope : maybe the camp wo n't be attacked after all , and pippa will be fine . 
 of course there 's still the problem of the dammed river , but pippa will figure it out . 
 she 's like raven : born to survive . 
 but in the afternoon , we hear shouting in the distance . 
 tack holds up a hand and gestures for silence . 
 we all freeze , and then , when tack motions , disperse into the woods . 
 julian has adjusted to the wilds well , and to our need for camouflage . 
 one second he is standing next to me ; the next he has melted behind a small group of trees . 
 the others vanish just as quickly . 
 i duck behind an old concrete wall , which appears to have been dropped randomly from above . 
 i wonder what kind of structure it used to belong to ; and suddenly , i have a memory of the story julian told me when we were imprisoned together , of a girl named dorothy whose house spirals up into the air on the powerful surges of a tornado , and who ends up in a magical land . 
 as the sound of shouting gets louder and the noise of clanking weaponry and heavy boot steps swells to a pounding rhythm , i find myself fantasizing that we , too , will be whisked away-all of us , all the invalids , the people pushed and elbowed out of normal society-will vanish on a puff of air , and wake up and find ourselves somewhere different . 
 but this is not a fairy tale . 
 this is april in the wilds , and black mud seeping up around my damp sneakers ; and clouds of hovering gnats ; and held breath and waiting . 
 the troops are several hundred feet away from us , down a gently sloping embankment and across a trickling stream . 
 from our elevated position , we can easily see the long line of soldiers as it comes into view , a blur of uniforms weaving in and out of trees . 
 the shifting diamond pattern of leaves merges perfectly with the shifting , blurry mass of men and women , suited up in camouflage , hauling machine guns and tear gas . 
 it seems there is no end to them . 
 finally the flow of soldiers trickles away , and by silent understanding we all regroup and begin walking again . 
 the silence is electric and uneasy . 
 i try not to think about those people at the camp , cupped in a bowl of land , trapped . 
 an old expression comes back to me-like shooting fish in a barrel-and i feel a wild and inappropriate desire to laugh . 
 that 's what they are , all those invalids : wild-eyed , pale-bellied fishes , rolling up toward the sun , as good as dead . 
 we make it to the safe house in slightly more than twelve hours . 
 the sun has made a complete revolution and is now sinking down over the trees , breaking up into watery streaks of yellow and orange . 
 it reminds me of the poached eggs my mother used to make me when i was sick as a small child , how the yolk would seep across the plate , a vivid and startling gold , and i feel a sharp stab of homesickness . 
 i 'm not even sure whether i 'm missing my mother , or simply the old routine of my life : a life of school and playdates and rules that kept me safe ; boundaries and borders ; bath time and curfews . 
 a simple life . 
 the safe house is marked by a small wooden over-structure , no larger than an outhouse latrine , fitted with a clumsily constructed door . 
 the whole thing must have been assembled from scraps after the blitz . 
 when tack heaves open the door on its rusted hinges-these , too , twisted and bent-we can just make out a few steps tunneling down into a dark hole . 
 `` wait . '' 
 raven kneels , fumbling in one of the packs she took from pippa , and produces a flashlight . 
 `` i 'll go first . '' 
 the air is thick with must and something else-a sour-sweet smell i ca n't identify . 
 we follow raven down the steeply pitched stairs . 
 she aims the flashlight around a room that is surprisingly spacious and clean : shelves , a few rickety tables , a kerosene stove . 
 beyond the stove is another darkened doorway , leading to additional rooms . 
 i feel a flicker of warmth in my chest . 
 it reminds me of the homestead near rochester . 
 `` there should be lanterns around here somewhere . '' 
 raven advances several paces into the room . 
 the light zigzags across the clean-swept concrete floor , and i see a small pair of blinking eyes , a flash of gray fur . 
 mice . 
 raven finds a pile of dusty battery-operated lanterns in the corner . 
 it takes three lanterns to beat away all the shadows in the room . 
 normally raven would insist on conserving energy , but i think she feels-as we all feel-that tonight we need as much light as we can . 
 otherwise , images of the camp will come pressing back , carried on silken shadow fingers : all those people , trapped , helpless . 
 we must focus instead on this bright , small , underground room , and its illuminated corners and wooden shelves . 
 `` do you smell that ? '' 
 tack says to bram . 
 he picks up one of the lanterns and carries it into the next room . 
 `` bingo ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 raven is already rifling through the pack , removing supplies . 
 coral has found large metal jugs full of water stored on one of the lower shelves , and has crouched down , swigging gratefully . 
 but the rest of us follow tack into the second room . 
 hunter says , `` what is it ? '' 
 tack is standing , holding the lantern up to reveal a wall crisscrossed with a diamond-lattice of wooden shelves . 
 `` old wine cellar , '' he says . 
 `` i thought i smelled the booze . '' 
 two bottles of wine , and one bottle of whiskey , remain . 
 immediately , tack uncaps the whiskey and takes a swig , before offering it to julian , who accepts after only a split-second hesitation . 
 i start to protest-i 'm sure he 's never had a drink before , would practically swear to it-but before i can speak he has taken a long sip and , miraculously , managed to swallow without gagging . 
 tack breaks into one of his rare smiles and claps julian on the shoulder . 
 `` you 're all right , julian , '' he says . 
 julian wipes his mouth with the back of his hand . 
 `` that was n't bad , '' he says , gasping a little , and tack and hunter laugh . 
 alex takes the bottle from julian wordlessly and swigs . 
 all the exhaustion of the past few days hits me at once . 
 beyond tack , across the room from the lattice-shelves , are several narrow cots , and i practically stagger to the one closest to me . 
 `` i think ... '' i start to say as i lie down , curling my knees to my chest . 
 there are no blankets and no pillow on the cot , but still i feel as though i 'm sinking into something heavenly : a cloud , a feather . 
 no . 
 i am the feather . 
 i am drifting away . 
 i 'm going to sleep for a bit , i mean to finish , but i do n't get the words out before , already , i am . 
 i wake up gasping in total darkness . 
 for a moment i panic , thinking i 'm back in the underground cell with julian . 
 i sit up , heart slamming against my ribs , and only when i hear coral murmur on the cot next to mine do i remember where i am . 
 the room smells bad , and there 's a bucket next to coral 's bed . 
 she must have thrown up earlier . 
 a wedge of light cuts through the open doorway , and i hear muffled laughter from the next room . 
 someone placed a blanket over me while i was sleeping . 
 i push it to the bottom of the cot and stand up . 
 i have no idea what time it is . 
 hunter and bram are sitting together in the next room , bent close together , laughing . 
 they have the slightly sweaty , glassy-eyed look of people who have been drinking . 
 the whiskey bottle is sitting between them , nearly empty , along with a plate bearing the remains of what must have been dinner : beans , rice , nuts . 
 they go quiet as soon as i walk into the room , and i know that whatever they were laughing about , it was private . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i say , moving over to the jugs of water . 
 i crouch down and lift a jug straight to my mouth without bothering to pour it into a cup . 
 my knees , arms , and back are sore , my body still heavy with exhaustion . 
 `` probably midnight , '' hunter says . 
 so i have n't been sleeping for more than a few hours . 
 `` where 's everybody else ? '' 
 i ask . 
 hunter and bram exchange a small look . 
 bram tries to suppress a smile . 
 `` raven and tack went midnight trapping , '' he says , raising an eyebrow . 
 this is an old joke , a code we invented at the old homestead . 
 raven and tack managed to keep their romantic relationship a secret for close to a year . 
 but one time , bram could n't sleep and decided to take a walk , and he caught them sneaking around together . 
 when he confronted them , tack blurted out , `` trapping ! '' 
 even though it was close to two a.m. and all the traps had been cleared and set earlier in the day . 
 `` where 's julian ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` where 's alex ? '' 
 there 's another fractional pause . 
 now hunter is struggling not to laugh . 
 he 's definitely drunk-i can tell by the rash-like patches of red in his cheeks . 
 `` outside , '' bram says , and then he ca n't help himself , and lets out a loud snort of laughter . 
 instantly , hunter starts laughing too . 
 `` outside ? 
 together ? '' 
 i stand up , confused , getting irritated . 
 when neither responds , i persist . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 bram struggles to control himself . 
 `` julian wanted to learn how to fight - '' hunter finishes for him . 
 `` alex volunteered to teach him . '' 
 they dissolve into laughter again . 
 my whole body goes hot , then cold . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i burst out , and the anger in my voice makes them , at last , go quiet . 
 `` why did n't you wake me up ? '' 
 i direct the question mostly to hunter . 
 i do n't expect bram to understand . 
 but hunter is my friend , and he 's too sensitive not to have noticed the tension between alex and julian . 
 for a second , hunter looks guilty . 
 `` come on , lena . 
 it 's no big deal ... . '' 
 i 'm too furious to respond . 
 i grab a flashlight from the shelves and head for the stairs . 
 `` lena , do n't be mad ... . '' 
 i drown out the rest of hunter 's words by pounding my feet extra hard . 
 stupid , stupid , stupid . 
 outside , the sky is cloudless and glittering with bright points of light . 
 i grip the flashlight tightly in one hand , trying to funnel all my anger through my fingers . 
 i do n't know what kind of game alex is playing , but i 'm sick of it . 
 the woods are still-no sign of tack or raven , no sign of anyone . 
 as i stand in the dark , listening , it strikes me that the air is very warm ; we must be halfway into april now . 
 soon summer will be here . 
 for a moment , a flood of memories rides up , surging on the air and the smell of honeysuckle : hana and i squeezing lemon juice on our hair to lighten it , stealing sodas from the cooler in uncle william 's store and taking them down to back cove ; clam-pot dinners on the old wooden porch when it was too hot to eat inside ; following gracie 's tricycle down the street , wobbling on my bike , trying not to pass her . 
 the memories bring , as they always do , a deep ache inside me . 
 but i 'm used to it by now , and i wait for the feeling to pass , and it does . 
 i turn on the flashlight and sweep it across the woods . 
 in its pale-yellow beam , the web of trees and bushes looks bleached , surreal . 
 i switch the flashlight off again . 
 if julian and alex went off together somewhere , i have very little hope of finding them . 
 i 'm just about to head back inside when i hear a shout . 
 fear shoots straight through me . 
 julian 's voice . 
 i plunge into the tangle of growth to my right , pushing toward the sound , swiping with my flashlight to help clear the interlaced path of creepers and pine branches . 
 after a minute , i burst into a large clearing . 
 for a second i feel disoriented , thinking i 've stumbled onto the edge of a large silver lake . 
 then i see that it 's a parking lot . 
 a heap of rubble at one end marks what must have once been a building . 
 alex and julian are standing a few feet away from me , breathing hard , glaring at each other . 
 julian is holding his hand to his nose , and blood is coming through his fingers . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i start toward him . 
 julian keeps his eyes locked on alex. `` i 'm okay , lena , '' he says . 
 his voice sounds muffled and strange . 
 when i place a hand on his chest , he gently removes it . 
 he smells faintly of alcohol . 
 i whirl around to face alex. `` what the hell did you do ? '' 
 his eyes flick to mine for just a second . 
 `` it was an accident , '' he says neutrally . 
 `` i swung too high . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' i spit out . 
 i turn back to julian . 
 `` come on , '' i say in a low voice . 
 `` let 's go inside . 
 we 'll clean you up . '' 
 he takes his hand away from his nose , then brings his shirt to his face , wiping the remaining blood off his lip . 
 now his shirt is coated with dark streaks , glistening almost black in the night . 
 `` no way , '' he says , still without looking at me . 
 `` we were just getting started . 
 were n't we , alex ? '' 
 `` julian - '' i start to plead . 
 alex cuts me off . 
 `` lena 's right , '' he says , his tone deliberately light . 
 `` it 's late . 
 we can barely see anything out here . 
 we can pick up again tomorrow . '' 
 julian 's voice is also light-but beneath it i can hear a hard edge of anger , a bitterness i do n't recognize . 
 `` no time like the present . '' 
 the silence stretches between them , electric and dangerous . 
 `` please , julian . '' 
 i reach for his wrist and he shakes me off . 
 i turn once again to alex , willing him to look at me , to break eye contact with julian . 
 the tension between them is cresting , peaking , like something black and murderous rising underneath the surface of the air . 
 `` alex. '' alex looks at me finally , and for a second i see a look of surprise cross his face-as though he had n't realized i was there , or as though he is only just seeing me . 
 it 's followed quickly by an expression of regret , and just like that the tension ebbs away and i can breathe . 
 `` not tonight , '' alex says shortly . 
 then he turns around and goes to push back into the woods . 
 in an instant , before i can react or cry out , julian charges and tackles him from behind . 
 he brings alex tumbling to the concrete , and all of a sudden they are spitting and grunting , rolling over each other , wrestling each other into the ground . 
 then i do scream-both their names , and stop , and please . 
 julian is on top of alex. he draws his fist up ; i hear the heavy thud as he swings it down against alex 's cheek . 
 alex spits at him , gets a hand on julian 's jaw , forcing his head back , pushing julian up and off . 
 distantly , i think i hear shouting , but i ca n't focus on it , ca n't do anything but scream until my throat is sore . 
 there are lights , too , flashing in my peripheral vision , as though i 'm the one getting hit , as though my vision is exploding with bursts of color . 
 alex manages to gain the advantage and presses julian back against the ground . 
 he swings twice , hard , and i hear a horrible crack . 
 blood is flowing freely across julian 's face now . 
 `` alex , please ! '' 
 i 'm crying now . 
 i want to pull him off julian , but fear has frozen me in place , rooted me to the ground . 
 but either alex does n't hear me or he chooses to ignore me . 
 i 've never seen him look like this : his face lit up with anger , transfigured in the moonlight to something raw and harsh and terrifying . 
 i ca n't even scream anymore , ca n't do anything but cry convulsively , feel nausea build in my throat . 
 everything is surreal , slow-motion . 
 then tack and raven burst through the trees on a blaze of sudden light-sweating , out of breath , carrying lanterns-and raven is shouting and gripping me by the shoulders , and tack pulls alex off julian - `` what the f ** k are you doing ? '' 
 - and everything begins moving at normal speed again . 
 julian coughs once and lies back against the ground . 
 i break away from raven and run toward him , dropping to my knees . 
 i know immediately that his nose is broken . 
 his face is dark with blood , and his eyes are two bare slits as he struggles to sit up . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i put a hand on his chest , swallowing back the spasms in my throat . 
 `` hey , take it easy . '' 
 julian relaxes again . 
 i feel his heart beating up into my palm . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 tack is shouting . 
 alex is standing a little ways away from where julian is lying . 
 all his anger is gone ; instead he looks shocked , his hands limp at his sides . 
 he 's staring at julian , looking puzzled , as though he does n't know how julian got there . 
 i stand up and move toward him , feeling the anger crawl into my fingers . 
 i wish i could wrap them around his neck , choke him . 
 `` what the hell is the matter with you ? '' 
 my voice is low . 
 i have to push the words out past the hard lump of anger in my throat . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , '' alex whispers . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i did n't mean ... i do n't know what happened . 
 i 'm sorry , lena . '' 
 if he keeps looking at me like that-pleading , willing me to understand-i know i 'll start to forgive him . 
 `` lena . '' 
 he takes a step toward me , and i take a step back . 
 for a moment we stand there ; i can feel the pressure of his eyes on me , and the pressure , too , of his guilt . 
 but i wo n't look at him . 
 i ca n't . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he repeats again , too low for raven and tack to hear . 
 `` i 'm sorry for everything . '' 
 then he turns and pushes back into the woods , and he 's gone . 
 hana out of the shifting liquid of my sleep , the dream rises and takes shape : lena 's face . 
 lena 's face , floating out of the shadow . 
 no . 
 not shadow . 
 she is pushing up from the ash , from a deep drift of cinders and char . 
 her mouth is open . 
 her eyes are closed . 
 she is screaming . 
 hana . 
 she is screaming for me . 
 the ash is tumbling like sand into her open mouth , and i know she will soon be buried again , forced into silence , back into the dark . 
 and i know , too , that i have no chance of reaching her-no hope of saving her at all . 
 hana , she screams , while i stand motionless . 
 forgive me , i say . 
 hana , help . 
 forgive me , lena . 
 `` hana ! '' 
 my mother is standing in the doorway . 
 i sit up , bewildered and terrified , lena 's voice echoing in my mind . 
 i dreamed . 
 i am not supposed to dream . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she 's silhouetted in the doorway ; behind her , i can just make out the small night-light outside my bathroom . 
 `` are you sick ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i pass a hand across my forehead . 
 it comes away wet . 
 i 'm sweating . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she moves as though to come into the room , but at the last second remains in the doorway . 
 `` you cried out . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i say . 
 and then , because she seems to be expecting more : `` nerves , i guess , about the wedding . '' 
 `` there 's nothing at all to be nervous about , '' she says , sounding annoyed . 
 `` everything 's under control . 
 it will all work beautifully . '' 
 i know she is talking about more than the ceremony itself . 
 she means the marriage in general : it has been tabulated and coordinated-made to work beautifully , engineered for efficiency and perfection . 
 my mother sighs . 
 `` try and get some sleep , '' she says . 
 `` we 're going to a church at the labs with the hargroves at nine thirty . 
 the final dress fitting 's at eleven . 
 and there 's the interview for house and home . '' 
 `` good night , mom , '' i say , and she withdraws without closing the door . 
 privacy means less to us than it once did : another unanticipated benefit , or side effect , of the cure . 
 fewer secrets . 
 at least , fewer secrets in most cases . 
 i go to the bathroom and splash water on my face . 
 although the fan is on , i still feel overheated . 
 for a second , when i look into the mirror , i can almost see lena 's face staring at me from behind my eyes-a memory , a vision of a buried past . 
 blink . 
 she 's gone . 
 lena alex is not back when raven , tack , julian , and i return to the safe house . 
 julian has revived and has insisted he is fine to walk , but tack keeps an arm around his shoulders anyway . 
 julian is unsteady on his feet and still bleeding freely . 
 as soon as we reach the safe house , bram and hunter babble excitedly about what happened until i give them the dirtiest look i can . 
 coral comes to the doorway , blinking sleepily , one arm around her stomach . 
 alex is not back by the time we 've cleaned julian off - `` broken , '' he says with a wince , in a thick voice , when raven skates a finger over the bridge of his nose-and he is not back by the time we all , finally , lie down in our cots with our thin blankets , and even julian manages to sleep , breathing noisily through his mouth . 
 by the time we wake up , alex has already come and gone . 
 his belongings are missing , as well as a jug of water and one of the knives . 
 he has left nothing except for a note , which i find neatly folded under one of my sneakers . 
 the story of solomon is the only way i know how to explain . 
 and then , in smaller letters : forgive me . 
 hana thirteen days until the wedding . 
 the presents have already begun to trickle in : soup bowls and salad tongs , crystal vases , mountains of white linen , monogrammed towels , and things i 've had no name for before now : ramekins ; zesters ; pestles . 
 this is the language of married , adult life , and it is completely foreign to me . 
 twelve days . 
 i sit and write thank-you cards in front of the television . 
 my father leaves at least one tv on practically all the time now . 
 i wonder if this is partly because he wants to prove that we can afford to waste electricity . 
 for what seems like the tenth time today , fred steps onto the screen . 
 his face is tinged orange with foundation . 
 the sound is muted , but i know what he is saying . 
 the news has been broadcasting and rebroadcasting the announcement about the department of energy and power , and fred 's plans for black night . 
 on the night of our wedding , one-third of the families in portland-anyone suspected of sympathizing or resisting-will be plunged into darkness . 
 the lights burn bright for those who obey ; the others will live in shadow all the days of their lives -lrb- the book of shhh , psalm 17 -rrb- . 
 fred used that quote in his speech . 
 thank you for the lace-edged linen napkins . 
 they are exactly what i would have chosen for myself . 
 thank you for the crystal sugar bowl . 
 it will look perfect on the dining room table . 
 the doorbell rings . 
 i hear my mother head to the door , and the murmur of muffled voices . 
 a moment later , she comes into the room , red-faced , agitated . 
 `` fred , '' she says as he steps into the room behind her . 
 `` thank you , evelyn , '' he says in a clipped voice , and she takes it as a cue to leave us . 
 she closes the door behind her . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i climb to my feet , wishing i were wearing something other than an old t-shirt and ratty shorts . 
 fred is dressed in dark jeans and a white button-down , sleeves rolled to the elbows . 
 i feel his eyes sweep over me , absorbing my messy hair , the rip in the hem of my shorts , the fact that i am wearing no makeup . 
 `` i was n't expecting you . '' 
 he does n't say anything . 
 there are two freds looking at me now , screen-fred and the real thing . 
 screen-fred is smiling , leaning forward , easy and relaxed . 
 the real fred stands stiffly , glaring at me . 
 `` is-is something wrong ? '' 
 i say after the silence has extended several seconds . 
 i cross the room to the tv and turn it off , partly so i do n't have to watch fred watching me , and partly because i ca n't stand the double vision . 
 when i turn around again , i suck in a quick breath . 
 fred has moved closer , silently , and he is now standing a mere six inches away , face white and furious . 
 i have never seen him look this way before . 
 `` what - ? '' 
 i start to say , but he cuts me off . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 he reaches into his jacket and pulls out a folded manila envelope , throws it down on the glass coffee table . 
 the motion sends several photographs fanning out of the envelope and onto the table . 
 there i am , frozen , preserved in a camera lens : click . 
 walking , head down , next to a dilapidated house-the tiddles ' house in deering highlands-empty backpack looped over one shoulder . 
 click . 
 from behind : pushing through a blur of green growth , reaching up to swat away a low-hanging branch . 
 click . 
 turning , surprised , scanning the woods behind me , looking for a source of the sound , the soft rustle of movement , the click . 
 `` do you want to explain to me , '' fred says coldly , `` what you were doing in deering highlands on saturday ? '' 
 a flash of anger goes through me , and also fear . 
 he knows . 
 `` you 're having me followed ? '' 
 `` do n't flatter yourself , hana , '' he says in the same flat tone . 
 `` ben bradley 's a friend of mine . 
 he works for the daily . 
 he was on assignment , and he saw you going into the highlands . 
 naturally , he was curious . '' 
 his eyes have darkened . 
 they 're the color of wet concrete . 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i say quickly . 
 `` i was exploring . '' 
 `` exploring . '' 
 fred practically spits the word . 
 `` do you understand , hana , that the highlands is a condemned neighborhood ? 
 do you have any idea what kind of people live there ? 
 criminals . 
 infected people . 
 sympathizers and rebels . 
 they nest in those buildings like cockroaches . '' 
 `` i was n't doing anything , '' i insist . 
 i wish he would n't stand so close . 
 i 'm suddenly paranoid he 'll be able to smell the fear , the lies , the way dogs can . 
 `` you were there , '' fred says . 
 `` that 's bad enough . '' 
 although we 're separated by only a few inches , he moves forward . 
 i unconsciously step backward , bumping into the television console behind me . 
 `` i 've just gone on record saying we wo n't tolerate any more civil disobedience . 
 do you know how bad it would look if people found out my pair was sneaking around in deering highlands ? '' 
 once again , he inches forward . 
 now i have nowhere to go , and force myself to stay very still . 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 `` but maybe that was the whole point . 
 you 're trying to embarrass me . 
 mess with my plans . 
 make me seem like an idiot . '' 
 the edge of the tv console is digging into the back of my thighs . 
 `` i hate to break it to you , fred , '' i say , `` but not everything i do is about you . 
 in fact , most things i do are about me . '' 
 `` cute , '' he says . 
 for a second we stand there , staring at each other . 
 the stupidest thought comes to me : when fred and i were getting paired , where was this , this hard , cold center , listed among his characteristics and qualities ? 
 fred draws away a few inches , and i allow myself to exhale . 
 `` things will be very bad for you if you go back there , '' he says . 
 i force myself to meet his gaze . 
 `` is that a warning or a threat ? '' 
 `` it 's a promise . '' 
 his mouth quirks into a small smile . 
 `` if you 're not with me , you 're against me . 
 and tolerance is not one of my virtues . 
 cassie would tell you that , but i 'm afraid she does n't get much of an audience these days . '' 
 he barks a laugh . 
 `` what-what do you mean ? '' 
 i wish i could keep the tremor from my voice . 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 i hold my breath . 
 for a second i think he 'll admit it-what he did to her , where she is . 
 but he simply says , `` i wo n't have you ruin what i 've worked so hard to achieve . 
 you will listen to me . '' 
 `` i 'm your pair , '' i say . 
 `` not your dog . '' 
 it happens lightning-quick . 
 he closes the distance between us , and his hand is around my throat , and the breath is crushed out of me . 
 panic , heavy and black , sits in my chest . 
 saliva builds in my throat . 
 ca n't breathe . 
 fred 's eyes , stony and impenetrable , swim in my vision . 
 `` you 're right , '' he says . 
 he is totally calm now as he tightens his fingers around my throat . 
 my vision shrinks to a single point : those eyes . 
 for a second , everything goes dark-blink-and then he is there again , staring at me , speaking in that lullaby-voice . 
 `` you are n't my dog . 
 but you will still learn to sit when i tell you . 
 you will still learn to obey . '' 
 `` hello ? 
 anyone here ? '' 
 the voice echoes from the foyer . 
 instantly fred releases me . 
 i suck in a breath , then start to cough . 
 my eyes are stinging . 
 my lungs stutter in my chest , trying to suck in air . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the door swings open and debbie sayer , my mother 's hairdresser , bursts into the room . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she says , and stops . 
 her face reddens when she sees fred and me . 
 `` mayor hargrove , '' she says . 
 `` i did n't mean to interrupt ... . '' 
 `` you did n't interrupt , '' fred says . 
 `` i was on my way out . '' 
 `` we had an appointment , '' debbie adds uncertainly . 
 she looks at me . 
 i swipe a hand across my eyes ; it comes away damp . 
 `` we were going to talk styles for the wedding ... . 
 i did n't get the time wrong , did i ? '' 
 the wedding : it seems absurd now , a bad joke . 
 this is my promised path : with this monster , who can smile in one moment and squeeze my throat in the next . 
 i feel tears pushing at my eyes again and press my palms against my eyelids , willing them back . 
 `` no . '' 
 my throat is raw . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 debbie asks me . 
 `` hana suffers from allergies , '' fred answers smoothly , before i 've had a chance to respond . 
 `` i 've told her a hundred times to get a prescription ... . '' 
 he reaches out and takes my hand , squeezes my fingers-too hard , but not so much that debbie will notice . 
 `` she 's very stubborn . '' 
 he withdraws his hand . 
 i bring my aching fingers behind my back , flexing them , still fighting the urge to cry . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , '' fred says , directing a smile toward me . 
 `` you have n't forgotten about the cocktail party , have you ? '' 
 `` i have n't forgotten , '' i say , refusing to look at him . 
 `` good . '' 
 he crosses the room . 
 in the hall , i hear him begin to whistle . 
 debbie begins chattering the moment he is out of earshot . 
 `` you 're so lucky . 
 henry-that 's my pair , you know-looks as though he 's had his face squashed by a rock . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` he 's a good match for me , though . 
 we 're big supporters of your husband-or soon-to-be , i guess we should say . 
 big supporters . '' 
 she places a blow dryer , two brushes , and a translucent bag of pins side by side on top of the thank-you cards and the photographs , which she has not noticed . 
 `` you know , henry met your husband just recently at a fund-raiser . 
 where is my hair spray ? '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 maybe this is all a dream-debbie , the wedding , fred . 
 maybe i 'll wake up , and it will be last summer , or two summers ago , or five : before any of this was real . 
 `` i knew he would make a great mayor . 
 did n't mind hargrove senior , and i 'm sure he did his best , but if you want my opinion , he was just a little soft . 
 he actually wanted the crypts torn apart ... . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i say , bury them there and let them rot . '' 
 i snap suddenly to attention . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she descends on me with her hairbrush , tugging and pulling . 
 `` do n't get me wrong-i liked hargrove senior . 
 but i think he had the wrong idea about certain kinds of people . '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` what did you say after that ? '' 
 she tilts my chin forcefully up toward the light and examines me . 
 `` well , i think they should be left to rot in the crypts-criminals , i mean , and sick people . '' 
 she begins looping hair , experimenting with the way it falls . 
 stupid . 
 i 've been so stupid . 
 `` and then you think of the way he died . '' 
 debbie has returned to the subject of fred 's father ; he died january 12 , the day of the incidents , after the bombs went off in the crypts . 
 the whole eastern facade was blown clean away ; prisoners suddenly found themselves in cells with no walls , and yards with no fences . 
 there was a mass insurrection ; fred 's father arrived with the police , and died trying to restore order . 
 my ideas come hard and fast , like a thick snow , building a white wall i ca n't get above or around . 
 bluebeard kept a locked room , a secret space where he stashed his wives ... . 
 locked doors , heavy bolts , women rotting in stone prisons ... possible . 
 it 's possible . 
 it fits . 
 it would explain the note , and why she was n't in core 's system . 
 she might have been invalidated . 
 some prisoners are . 
 their identities , their histories , their whole lives are erased . 
 poof . 
 a single keystroke , a metal door sliding shut , and it 's as though they never existed . 
 debbie prattles on . 
 `` good riddance , i say , and they should be grateful we do n't just shoot 'em on the spot . 
 did you hear about what happened in waterbury ? '' 
 she laughs , a sound too loud for the quiet room . 
 small bursts of pain fire off in my head . 
 on saturday morning , in just a single hour , an enormous camp of resisters outside waterbury was eradicated . 
 only a handful of our soldiers were injured . 
 debbie grows serious again . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i think the lighting 's better upstairs , in your mom 's room . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 i find myself agreeing , and before i know it i am also moving . 
 i float up the stairs in front of her . 
 i lead the way to my mother 's bedroom as though i am drifting , or dreaming , or dead . 
 lena a dull feeling settles over us after alex 's departure . 
 he was causing problems , but he was still one of us , one of the group , and i think everyone-except for julian-feels the loss . 
 i walk around in a near daze . 
 despite everything , i took comfort in his presence , in seeing him , in knowing he was safe . 
 now that he has gone off on his own , who knows what will happen to him ? 
 he is no longer mine to lose , but the grief is there , a gnawing sense of disbelief . 
 coral is pale , and silent , and wide-eyed . 
 she does n't cry . 
 she does n't eat much , either . 
 tack and hunter talked about going after him , but raven quickly made them see the foolishness of the idea . 
 he no doubt had many hours ' head start , and a single person , moving rapidly on foot , is even harder to track than a group . 
 they 'd be wasting time , resources , and energy . 
 there 's nothing we can do , she said , careful to avoid looking at me , but let him go . 
 so we do . 
 suddenly there is no amount of lanterns that can chase away the shadows that often fall between us , the shades of other people and other lives lost to the wilds , to this struggle , to the world split in two . 
 i ca n't help but think of the camp , and of pippa , and the line of soldiers we saw threading through the woods . 
 pippa said we could expect the contacts from resistance within three days , but the third day winds slowly into evening with no sign of anyone . 
 each day , we get a little more stir-crazy . 
 it 's not anxiety , exactly . 
 we have enough food and , now that tack and hunter have found a stream nearby , enough water . 
 spring is here : the animals are out , and we have begun trapping successfully . 
 but we are completely cut off-from news of what has happened in waterbury and what is happening in the rest of the country . 
 it 's far too easy to imagine , as another morning washes like a gentle wave over the old , towering oaks , that we are the only people left in the world . 
 i can no longer bear to be inside , underground . 
 each day , after whatever lunch we can scrounge up , i pick a direction and start walking , trying not to think about alex and about his message to me , and usually finding that i can think of nothing else . 
 today , i go east . 
 it 's one of my favorite times of day : that perfect in-between moment when the light has a liquid feel , like a slow pour of syrup . 
 still , i ca n't shake loose the knot of unhappiness in my chest . 
 i ca n't shake loose the idea that the rest of our lives might simply look like this : this running , and hiding , and losing the things we love , and burrowing underground , and scavenging for food and water . 
 there will be no turn in the tide . 
 we will never march back into the cities , triumphant , crying out our victory in the streets . 
 we will simply eke out a living here until there is no living to be eked . 
 the story of solomon . 
 strange that alex picked that story , of all the stories in the book of shhh , when it was the one that so consumed me after i found out he was alive . 
 could he have known , somehow ? 
 could he have known that i felt just like that poor , severed baby in the story ? 
 was he trying to tell me that he felt the same way ? 
 no . 
 he told me that our past together , and what we shared , was dead . 
 he told me he never loved me . 
 i keep pushing through the woods , barely paying attention to where i 'm going . 
 the questions in my head are like a strong tide , dragging me back over and over to the same places . 
 the story of solomon . 
 a king 's judgment . 
 a baby cleaved in two and a stain of blood seeping into the floor ... at a certain point , i realize i have no idea how long i 've been walking , or how far i 've ended up from the safe house . 
 i have n't been paying attention to the landscape as i go , either-a rookie 's error . 
 grandpa , one of the oldest invalids at the homestead near rochester , used to tell stories of sprites that supposedly lived in the wilds , switching the location of trees and rocks and rivers , just to confuse people . 
 none of us actually believed in that stuff , but the message was true enough : the wilds is a mess , a shifting maze , and will turn you around in circles . 
 i begin retracing my steps , looking for places my heel has left imprints in the mud , scanning for signs of trampled underbrush . 
 i force all thoughts of alex out of my head . 
 it 's too easy to get lost in the wilderness ; if you are not careful , you will be swallowed up in it forever . 
 i see a flash of sunlight between the trees : the stream . 
 i drew water just yesterday , and should be able to navigate back from here . 
 but first , a quick wash . 
 by this point , i 'm sweating . 
 i push through the last bit of undergrowth , onto a wide bank of sun-bleached grass and flat stone . 
 i stop . 
 someone else is already here : a woman , crouching , forty feet down from me on the opposite bank , her hands submerged in the water . 
 her head is down , and all i can see is a tangle of gray hair , streaked with white . 
 for a second i think she might be a regulator , or a soldier , but even from a distance i can tell her clothes are not standard-issue . 
 the backpack next to her is patched and old , her tank top is stained with yellow rings of sweat . 
 a man hidden from view calls out something unintelligible , and she responds , without looking up , `` just another minute . '' 
 my body goes tight and still . 
 i know that voice . 
 she draws a bit of fabric out of the water , a piece of clothing she has been washing , and straightens up . 
 as she does , my breath stops . 
 she holds the cloth taut between two hands and winds it rapidly around itself , then unwinds it just as quickly , sending a pinwheel of water arching across the bank . 
 and i am suddenly five years old again , standing in our laundry room in portland , listening to the throaty gurgle of soapy water draining slowly from the sink , watching her do the same thing with our shirts , our underwear ; watching the stippling of water across the tile walls ; watching her turn and clip , clip , our clothing to the lines crisscrossing our ceiling , and then turn again , smiling at me , humming to herself ... . 
 lavender soap . 
 bleach . 
 t-shirts dripping onto the floor . 
 it is now . 
 i am there . 
 she is here . 
 she spots me and freezes . 
 for a second she does n't say anything , and i have time to notice how different she is than in my memory of her . 
 she is so much harder now , her face so sharp with angles and lines . 
 but underneath it i detect another face , like an image hovering just underneath the surface of water : the laughing mouth and round , high cheeks , the sparkling eyes . 
 finally she says , `` lena . '' 
 i inhale . 
 i open my mouth . 
 i say , `` mom . '' 
 for an interminable minute we just stand there , staring at each other , as the past and present continue to converge and then separate : my mother now , my mother then . 
 she starts to say something . 
 just then two men come crashing out of the woods , mid-conversation . 
 as soon as they spot me , they raise their rifles . 
 `` wait , '' my mother says sharply , raising a hand . 
 `` she 's with us . '' 
 i 'm not breathing . 
 i exhale as the men lower their guns . 
 my mother continues to stare at me-silent , amazed , and something else . 
 afraid ? 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 one of the men says . 
 he has brilliant red hair , streaked with white . 
 he looks like an enormous marmalade cat . 
 `` who are you with ? '' 
 `` my name is lena . '' 
 miraculously , my voice does n't tremble . 
 my mother flinches . 
 she always used to call me magdalena , and hated the abbreviation . 
 i wonder whether it still bothers her after all this time . 
 `` i came from waterbury with some others . '' 
 i wait for my mother to give some indication that we know each other-that i 'm her daughter-but she does n't . 
 she exchanges a look with her two companions . 
 `` are you with pippa ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` pippa stayed , '' i say . 
 `` she directed us to come here , to the safe house . 
 she told us the resistance would be coming '' the other man , who is brown and wiry , laughs shortly and shoulders his rifle . 
 `` you 're looking at it , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm cap . 
 this is max '' - he jerks his thumb toward the marmalade-cat man - `` and this is bee . '' 
 he inclines his head toward my mother . 
 bee . 
 my mother 's name is annabel . 
 this woman 's name is bee . 
 my mother is always moving . 
 my mother had soft hands that smelled like soap , and a smile like the first bit of sunlight creeping over a trimmed lawn . 
 i do not know who this woman is . 
 `` are you heading back to the safe house ? '' 
 cap asks . 
 `` yes , '' i manage to say . 
 `` we 'll follow you , '' he says with a half bow that , given our surroundings , seems more than a little ironic . 
 i can feel my mother watching me again , but as soon as i look at her , she averts her eyes . 
 we walk in near silence back to the safe house , although max and cap exchange a few scattered words of conversation , mostly coded talk i do n't understand . 
 my mother-annabel , bee-is quiet . 
 as we near the safe house , i find myself unconsciously slowing , desperate to extend the walk , willing my mother to say something , to acknowledge me . 
 but all too soon we have reached the splintered over-structure , and the stairway leading underground . 
 i hang back , allowing max and cap to pass down the stairs first . 
 i 'm hoping my mother will take the hint too and delay for a moment , but she just follows cap underground . 
 `` thanks , '' she says softly as she passes me . 
 thanks . 
 i ca n't even be angry . 
 i 'm too shocked , too dazed by her sudden appearance : this mirage-woman with the face of my mother . 
 my body feels hollow , my hands and feet huge , balloonlike , as though they belong to someone else . 
 i watch the hands feel their way down the wall , watch the feet go clomp-clomp-clomp down the stairs . 
 for a second i stand at the base of the stairwell , disoriented . 
 in my absence , everyone has returned . 
 tack and hunter talk over each other , firing off questions ; julian rises from a chair as soon as he sees me ; raven bustles around the room , organizing , ordering people around . 
 and in the middle of it , my mother-removing her pack , taking a chair , moving with unconscious grace . 
 everyone else breaks apart into flutter and flurry , like moths circling a flame , undifferentiated blurs against the light . 
 even the room looks different now that she 's inside it . 
 this must be a dream . 
 it has to be . 
 a dream of my mother who is not really my mother , but someone else . 
 `` hey , lena . '' 
 julian cups my chin in his hands and leans down to give me a kiss . 
 his eyes are still swollen and ringed with purple . 
 i kiss him back automatically . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he pulls away from me , and i purposely avoid his eyes . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 there 's a bubble of air caught in my chest , making it hard to breathe or speak . 
 he does n't know . 
 nobody knows , except for raven and maybe tack . 
 they 've worked with bee before . 
 now my mother wo n't look at me at all . 
 she accepts a cup of water from raven and begins to drink . 
 and just that-that small motion-makes anger uncoil inside me . 
 `` i shot a deer today , '' julian is saying . 
 `` tack spotted it halfway across the clearing . 
 i did n't think i had a chance - '' `` good for you , '' i cut him off . 
 `` you pulled a trigger . '' 
 julian looks hurt . 
 i 've been horrible to him for days now . 
 this is the problem : take away the cure , and the primers , and the codes , and you are left with no rules to follow . 
 love comes only in flashes . 
 `` it 's food , lena , '' he says quietly . 
 `` did n't you always tell me that this was n't a game ? 
 i 'm playing for real-for keeps . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` to stay . '' 
 he emphasizes the last part , and i know that he is thinking of alex , and then i ca n't help but think of him too . 
 i need to keep moving , find my balance , get away from the stifling room . 
 `` lena . '' 
 raven is at my side . 
 `` help me get some food on , will you ? '' 
 this is raven 's rule : stay busy . 
 go through the motions . 
 stand up . 
 open a can . 
 pull water . 
 do something . 
 i follow her automatically to the sink . 
 `` any news from waterbury ? '' 
 tack asks . 
 for a moment there is silence . 
 my mother is the one to speak . 
 `` gone , '' she says simply . 
 raven accidentally slices too hard through a strip of dried meat , and pulls her finger away , gasping , sucking it in her mouth . 
 `` what do you mean , gone ? '' 
 tack 's voice is sharp . 
 `` wiped out . '' 
 this time cap speaks up . 
 `` mowed down . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 hunter thuds heavily into a chair . 
 julian is standing perfectly rigid , taut , hands clenched ; tack 's face has turned stony . 
 my mother-the woman who was my mother-sits with her hands folded on her lap , motionless , expressionless . 
 only raven continues moving , wrapping a kitchen towel around her cut finger , sawing through the dried meat , back and forth , back and forth . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 julian asks , voice tight . 
 my mother looks up . 
 something old and deep flexes inside me . 
 her eyes are still the vivid blue i remember , still unchanged , like a sky to tumble into . 
 like julian 's eyes . 
 `` we have to move , '' she says . 
 `` give support where it can do good . 
 the resistance is still gathering strength , gathering people - '' `` what about pippa ? '' 
 hunter bursts out . 
 `` pippa said to wait for her . 
 she said - '' `` hunter , '' tack says . 
 `` you heard what cap said . '' 
 he lowers his voice . 
 `` wiped out . '' 
 there 's another moment of heavy silence . 
 i see a muscle twitch in my mother 's jaw-a new tic-and she turns away , so i can see the faded green number tattooed along her neck , just beneath the vicious spate of angry scars , the products of all her failed procedures . 
 i think about the years she spent in her tiny , windowless cell in the crypts , chipping away at the walls with the metal pendant my father had given her , carving the word love endlessly over the stone . 
 and somehow , now , after less than a year of freedom , she has entered the resistance . 
 more than that . 
 she is at its center . 
 i do n't know this woman at all ; i do n't know how she became who she is , or when her jaw began to twitch and her hair began to gray , and she began to pull a veil over her eyes , and avoid the gaze of her daughter . 
 `` so where do we go ? '' 
 raven asks . 
 max and cap exchange a look . 
 `` there 's something stirring up north , '' max says . 
 `` in portland . '' 
 `` portland ? '' 
 i parrot the word without meaning to speak . 
 my mother glances up at me , and i think she looks afraid . 
 then she drops her eyes . 
 `` that 's where you come from , right ? '' 
 raven asks me . 
 i lean back against the sink , close my eyes for a second , and have a vision of my mother on the beach , running ahead of me , laughing , kicking up dark sand , a loose green tunic dress snapping around her ankles . 
 i open my eyes again quickly and manage to nod . 
 `` i ca n't go back there . '' 
 the words come out with more force than i intended , and everyone turns to look at me . 
 `` if we go anywhere , we all go together , '' raven says . 
 `` there 's a big underground in portland , '' max says . 
 `` the network is growing-has been since the incidents . 
 that was only the beginning . 
 what 's going to happen next ... '' he shakes his head , eyes bright . 
 `` it 's going to be big . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' i repeat . 
 `` and i wo n't . '' 
 memories are coming fast : hana running next to me by back cove , our sneakers squelching in the mud ; fireworks over the bay on the fourth of july , sending tentacles of light over the water ; alex and me lying , laughing , on the blanket at 37 brooks ; grace shivering next to me in the bedroom at aunt carol 's , wrapping her thin arms around my waist , her smell of grape bubblegum . 
 layers and layers of memories , a life i have tried to bury and kill-a past that was dead , like raven always said-suddenly surging , threatening to pull me under . 
 and with the memories comes the guilt , another feeling i have tried so hard to bury . 
 i left them : hana and grace , and alex , too . 
 i left them and i ran , and i did n't look back . 
 `` it 's not your decision , '' tack says . 
 raven says , `` do n't be a baby , lena . '' 
 normally , i back down when raven and tack gang up on me . 
 but not today . 
 i push the guilt down under a heavy fist of anger . 
 everyone is staring at me , but i can feel my mother 's eyes like a burn-her blank curiosity , as though i 'm a specimen in a museum , some ancient , foreign tool whose purpose she 's trying to decipher . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 i slam down the can opener , too hard , on the counter . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 raven says in a low voice . 
 but it has gone so quiet in the room , i 'm sure that everyone hears . 
 my throat is so tight i can hardly swallow . 
 i realize , all of a sudden , that i am on the verge of tears . 
 `` ask her , '' i manage to say , jerking my chin toward the woman who calls herself bee . 
 there 's another moment of silence . 
 all the eyes turn on my mother now . 
 at least she looks guilty-she knows she 's a fraud , this woman who wants to lead a revolution for love and does n't even acknowledge her own daughter . 
 just then bram comes sailing down the stairs , whistling . 
 he 's holding a large knife , which is wet with blood-he must have been cutting up the deer . 
 his t-shirt is streaked with it too . 
 he stops when he sees us standing there in silence . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` what 'd i miss ? '' 
 then , as he takes in my mom , cap , and max : `` who are you ? '' 
 the sight of all that blood makes my stomach heave . 
 we 're killers , all of us : we kill our lives , our past selves , the things that mattered . 
 we bury them under slogans and excuses . 
 before i can begin crying , i wrench away from the sink and push past bram so roughly , he lets out a yelp of surprise . 
 i pound up the stairs and throw myself outside , into the open air and the warm afternoon and the throaty sound of the woods opening up to spring . 
 but even outside i feel claustrophobic . 
 there 's no place to go . 
 there 's no way to escape the crushing sense of loss , the endless exhaustion of time sawing away at the people and things that i 've loved . 
 hana , grace , alex , my mother , the sea-spray salt-air portland mornings and the distant cries of the wheeling seagulls-all of them broken , splintered , lodged somewhere deep , impossible to shake loose . 
 maybe , after all , they were right about the cure . 
 i am no happier than i was when i believed that love was a disease . 
 in many ways , i am less happy . 
 i get only a few minutes away from the safe house before i stop fighting the pressure behind my eyes . 
 my first cries are convulsions , and bring up the taste of bile . 
 i let go completely . 
 i sink onto the tangle of undergrowth and soft moss , put my head between my legs , and sob until i ca n't breathe , until i 'm spitting up on the leaves between my legs . 
 i cry for everything i abandoned and because i , too , have been left behind-by alex , by my mom , by time that has cut through our worlds and separated us . 
 i hear footsteps behind me and know , without turning around , that it will be raven . 
 `` go away , '' i say . 
 my voice sounds thick . 
 i drag the back of my hand across my cheeks and nose . 
 but it 's my mother who responds . 
 `` you 're angry at me , '' she says . 
 i stop crying at once . 
 my whole body goes cold and still . 
 she squats down beside me , and even though i 'm careful not to look up , not to look at her at all , i can feel her , can smell the sweat from her skin and hear the ragged pattern of her breathing . 
 `` you 're angry at me , '' she repeats , and her voice hitches a little . 
 `` you think i do n't care . '' 
 her voice is the same . 
 for years i used to imagine that voice lilting over those forbidden words : i love you . 
 remember . 
 they can not take it . 
 her last words to me before she went away . 
 she shuffles forward and squats next to me . 
 she hesitates , then reaches out and places her palm against my cheek , and turns my head toward hers so i 'm forced to look at her . 
 i can feel the calluses on her fingers . 
 in her eyes , i see myself reflected in miniature , and i tunnel back to a time before she left , before i believed she was gone forever , when her eyes welcomed me into every day and shepherded me , every night , into sleep . 
 `` you turned out even more beautiful than i 'd imagined , '' she whispers . 
 she , too , is crying . 
 the hard casement inside me breaks . 
 `` why ? '' 
 is the only word that comes . 
 without intending to or even thinking about it , i allow her to draw me against her chest , let her wrap her arms around me . 
 i cry into the space between her collarbones , inhaling the still-familiar smell of her skin . 
 there are so many things i need to ask her : what happened to you in the crypts ? 
 how could you let them take you away ? 
 where did you go ? 
 but all i can say is : `` why did n't you come for me ? 
 after all those years-all that time-why did n't you come ? '' 
 then i ca n't speak at all ; my sobs become shudders . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 she presses her lips to my forehead , strokes my hair , just like she used to when i was a child . 
 i am a baby once again in her arms-helpless and needy . 
 `` i 'm here now . '' 
 she rubs my back while i cry . 
 slowly , i feel the darkness drain out of me , as though pulled away by the motion of her hand . 
 finally i can breathe again . 
 my eyes are burning , and my throat feels raw and sore . 
 i draw away from her , wiping my eyes with the heel of my hand , not even caring that my nose is running . 
 i 'm suddenly exhausted-too tired to be hurt , too tired to be angry . 
 i want to sleep , and sleep . 
 `` i never stopped thinking about you , '' my mother says . 
 `` i thought of you every day-you and rachel . '' 
 `` rachel was cured , '' i say . 
 the exhaustion is a heaviness ; it blankets out every feeling . 
 `` she got paired and she left . 
 and you let me think you were dead . 
 i 'd still think you were dead if - '' if it were n't for alex , i think , but do n't say . 
 of course my mother does n't know the story of alex. she knows none of my stories . 
 my mother looks away . 
 for a second i think she will begin to cry again . 
 but she does n't . 
 `` when i was in that place away , thinking of you-my two beautiful girls-was the only thing that kept me going . 
 it was the only thing that kept me sane . '' 
 her voice holds an edge , an undercurrent of anger , and i think of visiting the crypts with alex : the stifling darkness and echoing , inhuman cries ; the smell of ward six , the cells like cages . 
 i persist , stubbornly : `` it was hard for me , too . 
 i had no one . 
 and you could have come for me after you escaped . 
 you could have told me ... '' my voice breaks , and i swallow . 
 `` after you found me at salvage-we were touching , you could have shown me your face , you could have said something ... . '' 
 `` lena . '' 
 my mom reaches out to touch my face again , but this time she sees me stiffen , and she drops her hand with a sigh . 
 `` did you ever read the book of lamentations ? 
 did you read about mary magdalene and joseph ? 
 did you ever wonder why i named you what i did ? '' 
 `` i read it . '' 
 i read the book of lamentations at least a dozen times at least ; it is the chapter of the book of shhh i know the best . 
 i looked for clues , for secret signs from my mother , for whispers from the dead . 
 the book of lamentations is a story of love . 
 more than that : it 's a story of sacrifice . 
 `` i just wanted you to be safe , '' my mother says . 
 `` do you understand that ? 
 safe , and happy . 
 anything i could do ... even if it meant i could n't be with you ... '' her voice gets thick and i have to look away from her , to stop the grief from welling up once again . 
 my mother aged in a small square room with only a bit of eked-out hope , words scratched on the walls day by day , to keep her going . 
 `` if i had n't believed , if i had n't been able to trust that ... there were many times i thought about ... '' she trails off . 
 there 's no need for her to finish her sentence . 
 i understand what she means : there were times she wanted to die . 
 i remember i used to imagine her sometimes standing on the edge of a cliff , coat billowing behind her . 
 i would see her . 
 for one second , she would always remain suspended in the air , hovering , like a vision of an angel . 
 but always , even in my head , the cliff disappeared , and i would see her falling . 
 i remember how i used to have nightmares in which i would stand , helpless , as she walked off the edge of a cliff , coat billowing behind her . 
 for one second , she would remain suspended in the air , hovering , like a vision ; then all at once she would fall . 
 i wonder if , in some way , she was reaching out to me through the echoes of space on those nights-whether i could sense her . 
 for a while we let silence stretch between us . 
 i dry the moisture from my face with my sleeve . 
 then i stand up . 
 she stands with me . 
 i 'm amazed , as i was when i realized that she had been the one to rescue me from salvage , that we are roughly the same height . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` are you taking off again ? '' 
 `` i 'll go where the resistance needs me , '' she says . 
 i look away from her . 
 `` so you are leaving , '' i say , feeling a dull weight settle in my stomach . 
 of course . 
 that 's what people do in a disordered world , a world of freedom and choice : they leave when they want . 
 they disappear , they come back , they leave again . 
 and you are left to pick up the pieces on your own . 
 a free world is also a world of fracture , just like the book of shhh warned us . 
 there is more truth in zombieland than i wanted to believe . 
 the wind blows my mother 's hair across her forehead . 
 she twists it back behind her ear , a gesture i remember from years ago . 
 `` i need to make sure that what happened to me-what i was made to give up-doesn ' t happen again to anyone . '' 
 she finds my eyes , forcing me to look at her . 
 `` but i do n't want to leave , '' she adds quietly . 
 `` i-i 'd like to know you now , magdalena . '' 
 i cross my arms and shrug , trying to find some of the hardness i have built during my time in the wilds . 
 `` i do n't even know where to begin , '' i say . 
 she spreads her hands , a gesture of submission . 
 `` me neither . 
 but we can , i think . 
 i can , if you 'll let me . '' 
 she cracks a small smile . 
 `` you 're part of the resistance too , you know . 
 this is what we do : we fight for what matters to us . 
 right ? '' 
 i meet her eyes . 
 they are the clear blue of the sky stretched high above the trees , a high ceiling of color . 
 i remember : portland beaches , kite flying , macaroni salads , summertime picnics , my mother 's hands , a lullaby-voice singing me to sleep . 
 `` right , '' i say . 
 we walk back , together , to the safe house . 
 hana the crypts looks different from the way i remember it . 
 i 've been here only once before , on a school trip in third grade . 
 weirdly , i do n't remember anything about the actual visit , only that jen finnegan threw up in the bus afterward , and the air stank like tuna fish , even after the bus driver opened all the windows . 
 the crypts is situated at the northern border and backs up onto the wilds and the presumpscot river . 
 that 's why so many prisoners were able to escape during the incidents . 
 the exploding shrapnel took out huge chunks of the border wall ; the inmates who made it out of their cells just ran straight into the wilds . 
 after the incidents , the crypts was rebuilt , and a new , modern wing was attached . 
 the crypts was always monstrously ugly , but now it is worse than ever : the steel-and-cement addition runs up awkwardly against the old building , made of blackened stone , with its hundreds of tiny barred windows . 
 it 's a sunny day , and beyond the high roof , the sky is a vivid blue . 
 the whole scene feels off to me : this is a place that should never see sunlight . 
 for a minute , i stand outside the gates , wondering whether i should turn around . 
 i came by municipal bus , which took me all the way from downtown , emptying as we got closer and closer to this , its final destination . 
 at last , i shared the bus with only the driver and a large , heavily made-up woman wearing nurse 's scrubs . 
 as the bus rolled away , kicking up sprays of mud and exhaust , for a wild second i thought of running after it . 
 but i have to know . 
 i must . 
 so i follow the nurse as she shuffles toward the guard hut just outside the gates and flashes her id card . 
 the guard 's eyes flick to me , and i wordlessly pass him a piece of paper . 
 he scans the photocopy . 
 `` eleanor ? '' 
 i nod . 
 i do n't trust myself to speak . 
 in the photocopy , it 's impossible to make out many of her features , or distinguish the dishwater color of her hair . 
 but if he looks too closely , he 'll see the details do n't line up : the height , the eye color . 
 fortunately , he does n't . 
 `` what happened to the original ? '' 
 `` went through the dryer , '' i reply promptly . 
 `` i had to apply to svs for a replacement . '' 
 he turns his gaze back to the photocopy . 
 i hope he ca n't hear my heart , which is beating loud and hard . 
 getting the photocopy was no problem . 
 a quick phone call to mrs. hargrove this morning , a proposed cup of tea , a twenty-minute chat , an expressed desire to use the bathroom-and then a two-minute detour to fred 's study instead . 
 i could n't risk being identified as fred 's future wife . 
 if cassie is here , it 's possible that some of the wardens know fred , too . 
 and if fred finds out i 've been poking around the crypts ... he has already told me i must not ask questions . 
 `` business ? '' 
 `` just ... visiting . '' 
 the guard grunts . 
 he hands back my paper and waves me on as the gates begin to shudder open . 
 `` check in at the visitors ' desk , '' he grunts . 
 the nurse gives me a curious look before scuttling ahead of me across the yard . 
 i ca n't imagine there are many visitors here . 
 that 's the whole point . 
 lock them up and let them rot . 
 i cross the yard and pass through a heavy , bolted steel door , and find myself in a claustrophobic entrance hall , dominated by a metal detector and several massive guards . 
 by the time i get through the door , the nurse has already unloaded her purse onto the conveyor belt and is standing with her arms and legs spread as a guard moves over her body with a wand , checking her for weapons . 
 she hardly seems to notice ; she 's busy chatting with the woman manning the check-in desk to the right , which is situated behind bulletproof glass . 
 `` same as always , '' she 's saying . 
 `` the baby kept me up all night . 
 i 'm telling you , if 2426 gives me more problems today , i 'll put his ass on lockdown . '' 
 `` amen , '' says the woman behind the desk . 
 then she turns her eyes to me . 
 `` id ? '' 
 we repeat the procedure all over again : i slide the paper through the gap in the window , explain that the original was ruined . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i 've been crafting my story carefully for the past twenty-four hours , but still i find the words come haltingly . 
 `` i-i 'm here to visit my aunt . '' 
 `` you know what ward she 's in ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , see ... i did n't even know she was here . 
 i mean , i just found out . 
 for most of my life , i thought she was dead . '' 
 the woman shows no reaction to this statement . 
 `` name ? '' 
 `` cassandra . 
 cassandra o'donnell . '' 
 i squeeze my fists and focus on the pain running through my palms as she keys the name into her computer . 
 i 'm not sure whether i 'm hoping her name will come up or not . 
 the woman shakes her head . 
 she has watery blue eyes and a mass of frizzy blond hair , which in this light appears to be the same dull gray as the walls . 
 `` nothing here . 
 you got an intake month ? '' 
 how many years ago did cassie disappear ? 
 i remember overhearing at fred 's inauguration that he has been without a pair for three years . 
 i hazard a guess . 
 `` january or february . 
 three years ago . '' 
 she sighs and hauls herself out of her chair . 
 `` only went computerized last year . '' 
 she passes out of view , then returns with a large , leather-bound book , which she sets down on her side of the counter with a bang . 
 she flips forward a few pages , then opens a window in the glass and slides the book out to me . 
 `` january and february , '' she says shortly . 
 `` it 's all organized by date-if she came through here , she 'll be there . '' 
 the book is oversized , its pages crisscrossed with spidery writing , intake dates , prisoner names , and corresponding prisoner numbers . 
 the period from january through february runs several pages , and i 'm uncomfortably aware of the woman watching me impatiently as i move my finger slowly down the column of names . 
 there 's a tight feeling in my stomach . 
 she 's not here . 
 of course , i might have the dates wrong-or i might have been wrong altogether . 
 maybe she never came to the crypts at all . 
 i think of fred laughing , saying , she does n't get much of an audience these days . 
 `` any luck ? '' 
 the woman asks , without real interest . 
 `` just a second . '' 
 a bead of sweat rolls down my spine . 
 i flip to april and continue my search . 
 then i see a name that stops me : melanea o. melanea . 
 that was cassandra 's middle name ; i remember overhearing that at fred 's inauguration , and seeing it on the letter i stole from fred 's study . 
 `` here , '' i say . 
 it makes sense that fred would not have entered her under her real name . 
 the point , after all , was to make her disappear . 
 i push the book back through the plate-glass window . 
 the woman 's eyes slide from melanea o to the inmate number assigned to her : 2225 . 
 she keys this into the computer , repeating the number under her breath . 
 `` ward b , '' she says . 
 `` new wing . '' 
 she types a few more commands into her keyboard , and a printer behind her shudders to life , regurgitating a small white sticker with visitor-ward b printed neatly across it . 
 she slides it through the window to me , along with another , thinner , leather-bound book . 
 `` sign your name and date in the visitors ' log , and mark the name of the person you 're visiting . 
 place the sticker on your chest ; it must be visible at all times . 
 and you 'll have to wait for an escort . 
 go on through security and i 'll page someone down here to get you . '' 
 she runs through this last speech quickly , tonelessly . 
 i fish a pen from my bag and write eleanor latterly in the allotted position , praying she does n't ask to see my id card . 
 the visitor 's log is very slender . 
 only three visitors have come here in the past week . 
 my hands have begun to shake . 
 i have trouble wrestling off my jacket after the security guards instruct me that it must go on the conveyor belt . 
 my bag and shoes are also placed in trays for inspection , and i have to stand with my arms and legs spread , as the nurse did , as one of the men pats me down roughly , waving a wand between my legs and over my br ** sts . 
 `` clear , '' he says , stepping aside to let me pass . 
 just past security is a small waiting area , outfitted with several cheap plastic chairs and a plastic table . 
 beyond that , i see various hallways branching , and signs pointing the way to different wards and portions of the complex . 
 a tv is playing in the corner , muted : a political broadcast . 
 i avert my eyes quickly , just in case fred comes on the screen . 
 a nurse with tufts of black hair and a shiny , greasy face comes slapping down the hallway toward me , wearing blue hospital clogs and floral scrubs . 
 her name card reads jan. . 
 `` you for ward b ? '' 
 she pants at me , when she comes close . 
 i nod . 
 her perfume is vanilla , sickly sweet and too strong , but it still ca n't completely conceal the other smells of the place : bleach , body odor . 
 `` this way . '' 
 she pads in front of me to a heavy set of double doors , using a hip to bump them open . 
 beyond the doors , the atmosphere changes . 
 the hallway we 've entered is sparkling white . 
 this must be the new wing . 
 the floors , walls , and even the ceiling are made of the same spotless paneling . 
 even the air smells different-cleaner and newer . 
 it 's very quiet , but as we move down the hall , i hear the occasional sounds of muffled voices , the beeping of mechanical equipment , the slap-slap-slap of another nurse 's clogs down another hallway . 
 `` been here before ? '' 
 jan wheezes . 
 i shake my head , and she shoots me a sidelong glance . 
 `` thought not . 
 we do n't get many visitors around here . 
 what 's the point , i say . '' 
 `` i just found out that my aunt - '' she cuts me off . 
 `` gon na have to leave your bag outside the ward . '' 
 pant , pant , pant . 
 `` even a nail file will do it in a pinch . 
 and we 'll have to give you some clogs . 
 ca n't have you wearin ' those laces in the ward . 
 last year one of our guys strung himself up to a pipe , quick as a flash , when he got hold of some laces . 
 dead as a doornail by the time we found him . 
 who 're you here for ? '' 
 she says all this so quickly , i can barely follow the thread of her conversation . 
 an image flashes : someone swinging from the ceiling , laces knotted around the throat . 
 in my mind , the person swings , revolving toward me . 
 weirdly , it 's fred 's face i picture , huge and bulging and red . 
 `` i 'm here to see melanea . '' 
 i watch the nurse 's face , see the name means nothing to her . 
 `` number 2225 , '' i add . 
 apparently , people go solely by their numbers in the crypts , because the nurse lets out a noise of recognition . 
 `` she wo n't give you no trouble , '' she says conspiratorially , as though she 's sharing a great secret . 
 `` she 's quiet as a church mouse . 
 well , not always . 
 i remember the first few months , she was shouting and shouting . ' 
 i do n't belong here ! 
 i 'm not crazy ! ' '' 
 the nurse laughs . '' 
 ` course , that 's what they all say . 
 and then you start listening , and they 'll run your ear off talking little green men and spiders . '' 
 `` she 's - she 's crazy then ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` would n't be here if she was n't , would she ? '' 
 jan says . 
 she obviously does n't expect an answer . 
 we 've arrived at another set of double doors , this one marked with a sign that reads ward b : psychosis , neurosis , hysteria . 
 `` go on and grab yourself a pair of slippers , '' she resumes cheerfully , pointing . 
 outside the doors are a bench and a small wooden bookcase , on which several plastic-sheathed hospital slippers have been placed . 
 the furniture is obviously old , and looks strange in the middle of all the gleaming whiteness . 
 `` leave your shoes and your bag right here . 
 do n't worry ; no one will take 'em . 
 the criminals are in the old wards . '' 
 she laughs again . 
 i sit on the bench and fumble with my shoelaces , wishing i 'd thought to wear boots or flats instead . 
 my fingers feel clumsy . 
 `` so she screamed ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 `` when she first came , i mean . '' 
 the nurse rolls her eyes . 
 `` thought her husband was tryin ' to do her in . 
 shouted conspiracy to anyone who 'd listen . '' 
 my whole body goes cold . 
 i swallow . '' 
 ` do her in ' ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 jan waves a hand . 
 `` she went quiet pretty soon . 
 most of 'em do . 
 takes her medicine regular-like , does n't give nobody no trouble . '' 
 she pats my shoulder . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i can only nod , although ready is the last thing i feel . 
 my body is filled with a need to turn , to run . 
 but instead i stand up and follow jan through the double doors into another hallway , as spotlessly white as the one we have just passed through , lined on both sides with white , windowless doors . 
 each step seems to be harder than the last . 
 i can feel the chilly bite of the floor through the slippers , which are tissue-thin , and every time i put a heel down , a shiver runs all the way up my spine . 
 too soon , we reach a door marked 2225 . 
 jan raps twice on the door , hard , but does n't seem to expect a response . 
 she removes her key card from around her neck , holds it up to the scanner to the left of the door - `` we got all new systems after the incidents ; neat , huh ? '' 
 - and , when the lock slides open with a click , pushes the door open firmly . 
 `` got a visitor , '' she calls cheerfully as she passes into the room . 
 this last step is the hardest . 
 for a second i think i wo n't be able to do it . 
 i have to practically throw myself forward , over the threshold , into the cell . 
 as i do , the air leaves my chest . 
 she is sitting in the corner , in a plastic chair with rounded corners , staring out of a small window fitted with heavy iron bars . 
 she does n't turn when we enter , although i can make out her profile , which is just touched with the light filtering in from outside : the small , ski-jump nose , the exquisite little mouth , the long fringe of lashes , her seashell-pink ear and the neat procedural scar just beneath it . 
 her hair is long and blond , and hangs loose , nearly to her waist . 
 i estimate that she 's about thirty . 
 she is beautiful . 
 she looks like me . 
 my stomach lurches . 
 `` morning , '' jan says loudly , as if cassandra wo n't hear us otherwise , even though the room is tiny . 
 it 's too small to contain all of us comfortably , and even though the space is bare except for a cot , a chair , a sink , and a toilet , it feels overcrowded . 
 `` brought somebody to see you . 
 nice surprise , is n't it ? '' 
 cassandra does n't speak . 
 she does n't even acknowledge us . 
 jan rolls her eyes expressively , mouths i 'm sorry to me . 
 out loud , she says , `` come on , now . 
 do n't be rude . 
 turn around and say hello like a good girl . '' 
 cassie does turn then , although her eyes pass over me completely and go directly to jan. `` may i have a tray , please ? 
 i missed breakfast this morning . '' 
 jan puts her hands on her h * ps and says , in an exaggerated tone of reproach-as though she is speaking to a child - `` now that was silly of you , was n't it ? '' 
 `` i was n't hungry , '' cassie says simply . 
 jan sighs . 
 `` you 're lucky i 'm feeling nice today , '' she says with a wink . 
 `` you okay here for a minute ? '' 
 this question is directed to me . 
 `` i - '' `` do n't worry , '' jan says . 
 `` she 's harmless . '' 
 she raises her voice and assumes the forced-cheerful tone . 
 `` be right back . 
 you be a good girl . 
 do n't make no trouble for your guest . '' 
 she turns once again to me . 
 `` any problems , just hit the emergency button next to the door . '' 
 before i can respond , she bustles into the hallway again , closing the door behind her . 
 i hear the lock slide into place . 
 fear stabs , sharp and clear , through the muffling effects of the cure . 
 for a moment there is silence as i try to remember what i came here to say . 
 the fact that i have found her-the mysterious woman-is overwhelming , and i suddenly ca n't think of what to ask her . 
 her eyes click to mine . 
 they are hazel , and very clear . 
 smart . 
 not crazy . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 now that jan has left the room , her voice takes on an accusatory edge . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` my name is hana tate , '' i say . 
 i suck in a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm marrying fred hargrove next saturday . '' 
 silence stretches between us . 
 i feel her eyes sweeping over me and force myself to stand still . 
 `` his taste has n't changed , '' she says neutrally . 
 then she turns back to the window . 
 `` please . '' 
 my voice cracks a little . 
 i wish i had some water . 
 `` i 'd like to know what happened . '' 
 her hands are still in her lap . 
 she must have perfected this art over the years : sitting motionless . 
 `` i 'm crazy , '' she says tonelessly . 
 `` did n't they tell you ? '' 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' i say , and it 's true , i do n't . 
 now that i 'm speaking to her , i know for a fact that she is sane . 
 `` i want the truth . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she turns back to me . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 so it wo n't happen to me ; so i can stop it . 
 that 's the true and selfish reason . 
 but i ca n't say that . 
 she has no reason to help me . 
 we are not made to care for strangers any longer . 
 before i can think of anything to say , she laughs : a dry sound , as though her throat has been long in disuse . 
 `` you want to know what i did , do n't you ? 
 you want to be sure you do n't make the same mistake . '' 
 `` no , '' i say , although of course she 's right . 
 `` that 's not what i - '' `` do n't worry , '' she says . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 a smile passes briefly across her face . 
 she looks down at her hands . 
 `` i was paired with fred when i was eighteen , '' she says . 
 `` i did n't go to university . 
 he was older . 
 they 'd had trouble finding a match for him . 
 he was picky-he was allowed to be picky , because of who his father was . 
 everyone said i was lucky . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` we were married for five years . '' 
 that makes her younger than i thought . 
 `` what went wrong ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he got tired of me . '' 
 she states this firmly . 
 her eyes flick to mine momentarily . 
 `` and i was a liability . 
 i knew too much . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i want to sit down on the cot ; my head feels strangely light , and my legs feel impossibly far away . 
 but i 'm afraid to move . 
 i 'm afraid even to breathe . 
 at any second , she can order me out . 
 she owes me nothing . 
 she does n't answer me directly . 
 `` do you know what he liked to do when he was a little kid ? 
 he used to lure the neighborhood cats into his yard-feed them milk , give them tuna fish , earn their trust . 
 and then he would poison them . 
 he liked to watch them die . '' 
 the room feels smaller than ever : stifling and airless . 
 she turns her gaze to me again . 
 her calm , steady stare disconcerts me . 
 i will myself not to look away . 
 `` he poisoned me , too , '' she says . 
 `` i was sick for months and months . 
 he told me , finally . 
 ricin in my coffee . 
 just enough to keep me sick , in bed , dependent . 
 he told me so i would know what he was capable of . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` he killed his own father , you know . '' 
 for the first time i wonder if maybe , after all , she is crazy . 
 maybe the nurse was right-maybe she does belong here . 
 the idea is a deliverance . 
 `` fred 's father died during the incidents , '' i say . 
 `` he was killed by invalids . '' 
 she looks at me pityingly . 
 `` i know that . '' 
 as though she is reading my mind , she adds , `` i have eyes and ears . 
 the nurses talk . 
 and of course i was in the old wing , when the bombs exploded . '' 
 she looks down at her hands . 
 `` three hundred prisoners escaped . 
 another dozen were killed . 
 i was n't lucky enough to be in either group . '' 
 `` but what has that got to do with fred ? '' 
 i ask . 
 a whine has crept into my voice . 
 `` everything , '' she says . 
 her tone turns sharp . 
 `` fred wanted the incidents to happen . 
 he wanted the bombs to go off . 
 he worked with the invalids-he helped plan it . '' 
 it ca n't be true ; i ca n't believe her . 
 i wo n't . 
 `` that does n't make any sense . '' 
 `` it makes perfect sense . 
 fred must have planned it for years . 
 he worked with the dfa ; they had the same idea . 
 fred wanted his father proven wrong about the invalids-and he wanted his father dead . 
 that way , fred would be right , and fred would be mayor . '' 
 a shock runs up my spine when she mentions the dfa . 
 in march , at an enormous rally of deliria-free america in new york city , invalids attacked , killing thirty citizens and injuring countless more . 
 everyone compared it to the incidents , and for weeks , security everywhere was tightened : ids scanned , vehicles searched , homes raided , and patrols on the streets doubled . 
 but there were other whispers too-some people said that thomas fineman , the dfa 's president , had known in advance what would happen , and had even allowed it . 
 then , two weeks later , thomas fineman was assasinated . 
 i do n't know what to believe . 
 my chest is aching with a feeling i ca n't remember how to name . 
 `` i liked mr. hargrove , '' cassandra says . 
 `` he felt sorry for me . 
 he knew what his son was . 
 he used to visit every so often , after fred had me locked up . 
 fred got people to testify that i was a lunatic . 
 friends . 
 doctors . 
 they committed me to life in this place . '' 
 she gestures toward the small white room , her burial place . 
 `` but mr. hargrove knew i was n't crazy . 
 he told me stories about the world outside . 
 he found my mother and father a place to live in deering highlands . 
 fred wanted them silenced too . 
 he must have thought i 'd told them ... he must have thought they knew what i knew . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` but i had n't . 
 they did n't . '' 
 so cassie 's parents were forced into the highlands , like lena 's family . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 it 's the only thing i can think of , even though i know how flimsy it sounds . 
 cassie does n't seem to hear me . 
 `` that day-when the bombs went off-mr . 
 hargrove was visiting . 
 he brought me chocolate . '' 
 she turns to the window . 
 i wonder what she is thinking ; she is perfectly still again , her profile just traced with dull sunlight . 
 `` i heard he died trying to restore order . 
 then i felt sorry for him . 
 funny , is n't it ? 
 but i guess fred got us both in the end . '' 
 `` here i am ! 
 better late than never ! '' 
 jan 's voice makes me jump . 
 i spin around ; she is pushing through the door , carrying a plastic tray with a plastic cup of water and a small plastic bowl of lumpy oatmeal . 
 i step out of the way as she plunks the tray down on the cot . 
 i notice that the silverware is plastic , too . 
 of course , there would be no metal . 
 no knives , either . 
 i think of the man swinging by his shoelaces , close my eyes , and think of the bay instead . 
 the image breaks away on the waves . 
 i open my eyes again . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 jan says brightly . 
 `` you want to tuck in now ? '' 
 `` actually , i think i 'll wait , '' cass says softly . 
 her gaze is still directed out the window . 
 `` i 'm not hungry anymore . '' 
 jan looks at me and rolls her eyes as though to say , crazies . 
 lena we waste no time in leaving the safe house , now that it 's been decided : we go to portland as a group , to join with the resistance there and add our strength to the agitators . 
 something large is in the works , but cap and max refuse to say a word about it , and my mother claims they all know only the sketchiest details , anyway . 
 now that the wall has come down between us , i 'm no longer so resistant to returning to portland . 
 in fact , a small part of me even looks forward to it . 
 my mother and i talk around the campfire while we eat ; we talk late into the night until julian pokes his head out of the tent , sleepy and disoriented , and tells me i should really get some sleep ; or until raven yells at us to shut the hell up . 
 we talk in the morning . 
 we talk as we walk . 
 we talk about what my life in the wilds , and hers , have been like . 
 she tells me that she was involved in the resistance even when she was in the crypts-there was a mole , a resister , a cured who still had sympathies for the cause and worked as a guard in ward six , where my mother was imprisoned . 
 he was blamed for my mother 's escape and became a prisoner himself . 
 i remember him : i saw him curled , fetus-like , in the corner of a tiny stone cell . 
 i have n't told my mother this , though . 
 i have n't told her that alex and i gained admittance to the crypts , because it would mean talking about him . 
 and i ca n't bring myself to speak about him-not with her , not with anyone . 
 `` poor thomas . '' 
 my mother shakes her head . 
 `` he fought hard to get placed in ward six . 
 he sought me out deliberately . '' 
 she looks at me sideways . 
 `` he knew rachel , you know-long ago . 
 i think he always resented that he had to give her up . 
 he stayed angry , even after his cure . '' 
 i squeeze my eyes shut against the sun . 
 long-buried images begin flashing : rachel locked in her room , refusing to come out and eat ; thomas 's pale , freckled face floating at the window , gesturing for me to let him in ; crouching in the corner on the day they dragged rachel to the labs , watching her kick and scream and bare her teeth , like an animal . 
 i must have been eight-it was only a year after my mom died , or after i was told she had died . 
 `` thomas dale , '' i blurt out . 
 the name has stuck with me all these years . 
 my mom passes her hand absentmindedly through a field of waving grasses . 
 in the sun , her age , and the lines on her face , are starkly obvious . 
 `` i barely remembered him . 
 and of course , he had changed a great deal by the time i saw him again . 
 it had been three , four years . 
 i remember i caught him hanging around the house once when i came home early from work . 
 he was terrified . 
 he thought i would tell . '' 
 she barks a laugh . 
 `` that was just before i was ... taken . '' 
 `` and he helped you , '' i say . 
 i try to force his face into clarity in my mind , to make the details resurface , but all i see is the filthy figure curled on the floor in a grimy cell . 
 my mom nods . 
 `` he could n't quite forget what he had lost . 
 it stayed with him . 
 it does , you know , for some people . 
 i always thought it did for your father . '' 
 `` so dad was cured ? '' 
 i do n't know why i feel so disappointed . 
 i did n't even remember him ; he died of cancer when i was one . 
 `` he was . '' 
 a muscle twitches in my mom 's jaw . 
 `` but there were times i felt ... there were times it seemed as though he could still feel it , just for a second . 
 maybe i only imagined it . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i loved him anyway . 
 he was very good to me . '' 
 she brings her hand unconsciously to her neck , as though feeling for the necklace she wore-my grandfather 's military pendant , given to her by my dad . 
 she used it to tunnel her way from the crypts . 
 `` your necklace , '' i say . 
 `` you still are n't used to being without it . '' 
 she turns to me , squinting . 
 she manages a small smile . 
 `` there are some losses we never get over . '' 
 i tell my mother about my life too , especially what has happened since crossing from portland , and how i came to be involved with raven , tack , and the resistance . 
 occasionally we bring up memories from the time before , too-the lost time before she went away , before my sister was cured , before i was placed in aunt carol 's house . 
 but not too much . 
 as my mother said , there are some losses we never get over . 
 certain subjects remain completely off-limits . 
 she does n't ask what compelled me to cross in the first place , and i do n't volunteer to tell her . 
 i keep alex 's note in a little leather pouch around my neck-a gift from my mom , procured from a trader earlier in the year-but it is a memento from a past life , like carrying the picture of someone who is dead . 
 my mother knows , of course , that i have found my way into loving . 
 occasionally , i catch her watching me with julian . 
 the look on her face-pride , grief , envy , and love commingled-reminds me that she is not just my mother , but a woman who has fought her whole life for something she has never truly experienced . 
 my dad was cured . 
 and you ca n't love , not fully , unless you are loved in return . 
 it makes me ache for her , a feeling i hate and am somehow ashamed of . 
 julian and i have found our rhythm again . 
 it 's as though we have skated over the past few weeks , skated over alex 's long shadow , and landed neatly on the other side . 
 we ca n't get enough of each other . 
 i 'm amazed by every part of him again : his hands , his low , gentle way of speaking , all his different laughs . 
 at night , in the dark , we reach for each other . 
 we lose ourselves in the nighttime rhythm , in the hoots and cries and moans from the animals outside . 
 and despite the dangers of the wilds , and the constant threat of regulators and scavengers , i feel free for the first time in what feels like forever . 
 one morning i emerge from the tents and find that raven has overslept , and it is instead julian and my mom who have been stoking the fire . 
 their backs are turned toward me , and they are laughing about something . 
 faint wisps of smoke twist up into the fine spring air . 
 for a moment i stand perfectly still , terrified , feeling as though i am on the brink of something-if i move at all , take a step forward or back , the image will break apart in the wind , and they 'll scatter into dust . 
 then julian turns and sees me . 
 `` morning , beauty , '' he says . 
 his face is still bruised and swollen in places , but his eyes are exactly the color of early-morning sky . 
 when he smiles , i think he is the most beautiful thing i have ever seen . 
 my mom grabs a bucket and stands . 
 `` i was going for a shower , '' she says . 
 `` me too , '' i say . 
 as i wade into the still-freezing stream , the wind raises goose bumps on my body . 
 a cloud of swallows skates across the sky ; the water carries a slight taste of grit ; my mother hums downstream . 
 this is not any kind of happiness that i imagined . 
 it is not what i chose . 
 but it 's enough . 
 it is more than enough . 
 on the border of rhode island , we encounter another group of about two dozen homesteaders , who are on their way to portland as well . 
 all but two of them are on the side of the resistance , and the two who do n't care to fight do n't dare to be left alone . 
 we are nearing the coast , and the detritus of old life is everywhere . 
 we come across a massive cement honeycomb structure , which tack identifies as an old parking garage . 
 something about the structure makes me anxious . 
 it 's like a towering stone insect , outfitted with a hundred eyes . 
 the whole group falls silent as we pass under its shadow . 
 the hair on my neck is standing up , and even though it 's stupid , i ca n't shake the feeling that we are being watched . 
 tack , who is leading the group , holds up his hand . 
 we all come to an abrupt stop . 
 he cocks his head , obviously listening for something . 
 i hold my breath . 
 it 's quiet , except for the usual rustle of animals in the woods , and the gentle sighing of the wind . 
 then a fine spray of gravel lands on us from above , as though someone has accidentally toed it out of one of the upper levels of the parking garage . 
 instantly , everything is blur and motion . 
 `` get down , get down ! '' 
 max yells as all of us are reaching for weapons , unshouldering rifles , and dropping into the underbrush . 
 `` coo-ee ! '' 
 the voice , the shout , freezes us . 
 i crane my head toward the sky , shielding my eyes from the sun . 
 for a second , i 'm sure i 'm dreaming . 
 pippa has emerged from the dark caverns of the honeycomb structure and stands on a sun-drenched ledge , waving a red handkerchief down at us , grinning . 
 `` pippa ! '' 
 raven cries out , her voice strangled . 
 only then do i believe it . 
 `` hey , yourself , '' pippa shouts down . 
 and slowly , from behind her , more and more people edge into view : masses of skinny , ragged people , packed into all the different levels of the garage . 
 when pippa finally makes it to the ground , she is immediately engulfed by tack , raven , and max . 
 beast is alive too ; he lopes out into the sunshine directly behind pippa , and it seems almost too much to believe . 
 for fifteen minutes , we do nothing but shout and laugh and talk over one another , and not a single word gets said that anyone understands . 
 finally , max makes himself heard over the chaos of competing voices and laughter . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he 's laughing , breathless . 
 `` we heard no one escaped . 
 we heard it was a massacre . '' 
 instantly , pippa grows serious . 
 `` it was a massacre , '' she says . 
 `` we lost hundreds . 
 the tanks came and encircled the camp . 
 they used tear gas , machine guns , shells . 
 it was a bloodbath . 
 the screaming - '' she breaks off . 
 `` it was awful . '' 
 `` how did you get out ? '' 
 raven asks . 
 we have all gotten quiet . 
 now it seems horrible that only a second earlier we were laughing , rejoicing in pippa 's safety . 
 `` we had hardly any time , '' pippa says . 
 `` we tried to warn everyone . 
 but you know how it was-chaos . 
 hardly anyone would listen . '' 
 behind her , invalids are stepping tentatively out into the sunlight , emerging from the parking garage-wide-eyed , silent , nervous , like people who have weathered a hurricane and are amazed to see the world still exists . 
 i can only imagine what they witnessed at waterbury . 
 `` how did you get around the tanks ? '' 
 bee asks . 
 it 's still hard for me to think of her as my mother when she acts like this , like a hardened member of the resistance . 
 for now , i am content to allow her to exist doubly : she is my mother sometimes , and sometimes , a leader and a fighter . 
 `` we did n't run , '' pippa says . 
 `` there was no chance . 
 the whole area was swarming with troops . 
 we hid . '' 
 a spasm of pain crosses her face . 
 she opens her mouth , as though to say more , and then closes it again . 
 `` where did you hide ? '' 
 max presses . 
 pippa and beast exchange an indecipherable look . 
 for a moment , i think pippa will refuse to answer . 
 something happened at the camp , something she wo n't tell us . 
 then she coughs and turns her eyes back to max . 
 `` in the riverbed , at first , before the shooting started , '' she says . 
 `` it did n't take long for the bodies to start falling . 
 we were protected under them , once they did . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 hunter balls his fist into his right eye . 
 he looks like he 's about to be sick . 
 julian turns away from pippa . 
 `` we had no choice , '' pippa says sharply . 
 `` besides , they were already dead . 
 at least their bodies did n't go to waste . '' 
 `` we 're glad you made it , pippa , '' raven says gently , and places a hand on pippa 's shoulder . 
 pippa turns to her gratefully , her face suddenly eager , open , like a puppy 's . 
 `` i was planning to get word to you at the safe house , but i figured you had already left , '' she says . 
 `` i did n't want to risk it when there were troops in the area . 
 too conspicuous . 
 so i went north . 
 we stumbled on the hive by accident . '' 
 she jerks her chin to the vast parking structure . 
 it really does look like a gigantic hive , now that there are figures , half-shadowed , peering down at us from its different levels , flitting through patches of light and then retreating once again into the darkness . 
 `` figured it was a good place to hide out for a bit and wait for things to settle down . '' 
 `` how many you got ? '' 
 tack asks . 
 dozens and dozens of people have descended and are standing , herded together , a little ways behind pippa , like a pack of dogs that has been beaten and starved into submission . 
 their silence is disconcerting . 
 `` more than three hundred , '' pippa says . 
 `` closer to four . '' 
 a huge number : still , only a fraction of the number of people who were camped outside waterbury . 
 for a moment i am filled with a blind , white-hot rage . 
 we wanted the freedom to love , and instead we have been turned into fighters , savages . 
 julian moves close to me and puts his arm around my shoulder , allowing me to lean into him , as though he can sense what i am thinking . 
 `` we 've seen no sign of the troops , '' raven says . 
 `` my guess is they came up from new york . 
 if they had tanks , they must have used one of the service roads along the hudson . 
 hopefully they 've gone south again . '' 
 `` mission accomplished , '' pippa says bitterly . 
 `` they have n't accomplished anything . '' 
 my mother speaks up again , but her voice is softer now . 
 `` the fight is n't over-it 's only beginning . '' 
 `` we 're headed to portland , '' max says . 
 `` we have friends there-lots of them . 
 there 'll be payback , '' he adds with sudden fierceness . 
 `` an eye for an eye . '' 
 `` and the whole world goes blind , '' coral puts in quietly . 
 everyone turns to look at her . 
 she has barely spoken since alex left , and i have been careful to avoid her . 
 i feel her pain like a physical presence , a dark , sucking energy that consumes and surrounds her , and it makes me both pity and resent her . 
 it 's a reminder that he was no longer mine to lose . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 max says with barely concealed aggression . 
 coral looks away . 
 `` nothing , '' she says . 
 `` it 's just something i once heard . '' 
 `` we have no choice , '' my mother insists . 
 `` if we do n't fight , we 'll be destroyed . 
 it 's not about payback . '' 
 she shoots a look at max , and he grunts and crosses his arms . 
 `` it 's about survival . '' 
 pippa runs a hand over her head . 
 `` my people are weak , '' she says finally . 
 `` we 've been living on scraps-rats , mostly , and what we could forage in the woods . '' 
 `` there will be food up north , '' max says . 
 `` supplies . 
 like i said , the resistance has friends in portland . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure they 'll make it , '' pippa says , lowering her voice . 
 `` well you ca n't stay here , either , '' tack points out . 
 pippa bites her lip and exchanges a look with beast . 
 he nods . 
 `` he 's right , pip , '' beast says . 
 behind pippa , a woman speaks up suddenly . 
 she is so thin , she looks as though she has been whittled from ancient wood . 
 `` we 'll go . '' 
 her voice is surprisingly deep and forceful . 
 set in her sunken , shipwreck face , her eyes burn like two smoldering coals . 
 `` we 'll fight . '' 
 pippa exhales slowly . 
 then she nods . 
 `` all right , then , '' she says . 
 `` portland it is . '' 
 as we draw closer to portland , as the light and land grow more familiar-lush with growth and smells i know from childhood , from my longest , oldest memories-i begin to make my plans . 
 nine days after we left the safe house , our numbers now hugely swollen , we catch a glimpse of one of the portland border fences . 
 only now it is no longer a fence . 
 it 's a huge cement wall , a faceless slab of stone , stained an unearthly pink in the dawn light . 
 i 'm so startled , i stop short . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 max is walking behind me , and has to dodge at the last second . 
 `` new construction , '' he says . 
 `` tightened border control . 
 tightened control everywhere . 
 portland 's making an example . '' 
 he shakes his head and mutters something . 
 this image-the sight of a wall , newly erected-has made my heart start pounding . 
 i left portland less than a year ago , but already , it has changed . 
 i 'm seized by a fear that everything will be different on the inside of the wall too . 
 maybe i wo n't recognize any of the streets . 
 maybe i wo n't be able to find my way to aunt carol 's house . 
 maybe i wo n't be able to find grace . 
 i ca n't help but worry about hana , too . 
 i wonder where she will be once we begin pouring into portland : the cast-out children , the prodigal sons , like the angels described in the book of shhh who were thrown out of heaven for harboring the disease , expelled by an angry god . 
 but i remind myself that my hana-the hana i knew and loved-is gone now . 
 `` i do n't like it , '' i say . 
 max swivels around to look at me , one corner of his mouth quirked into a smile . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he says . 
 `` it wo n't be standing too much longer . '' 
 he winks . 
 so . 
 more explosions . 
 it makes sense ; we need to move a large number of people into portland somehow . 
 a high , thin whistle disrupts the morning stillness . 
 beast . 
 he and pippa have been scouting ahead of the group this morning , tracing the periphery of the city , looking for other invalids , signs of a camp or homestead . 
 we turn toward the sound . 
 we 've been walking since midnight , but now we find renewed energy and move more quickly than we have all night . 
 the trees spit us out at the edge of a large clearing . 
 the growth has been rigorously trimmed back , and a long , well-tended alley of green extends a quarter of a mile into the distance . 
 in it are trailer homes propped on cinder blocks and chunks of concrete , as well as rusted truck beds , tents , and blankets strung up from tree branches to form makeshift canopies . 
 people are already moving around the camp , and the air smells like smoking wood . 
 beast and pippa are standing a little ways away , conversing with a tall , sandy-haired man outside one of the trailers . 
 raven and my mother begin shepherding the group into the clearing . 
 i stay where i am , rooted to the spot . 
 julian , realizing i am not with the group , doubles back to me . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asks . 
 his eyes are red . 
 he has been doing more than almost anyone-scouting , foraging , standing watch while the rest of us are sleeping . 
 `` i-i know where we are , '' i say . 
 `` i 've been here before . '' 
 i do n't say with alex. i do n't have to . 
 julian 's eyes flicker . 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 his voice is strained , but he reaches out and takes my hand . 
 his palms have grown calloused , but his touch is still gentle . 
 i scan instinctively across the line of trailers , trying to pick out the one alex had claimed for himself . 
 but that was last summer , in the dark , and i was terrified . 
 i do n't remember any of its features but the roll-away , plastic-tarp roof , which wo n't be distinguishable from where i 'm standing . 
 i feel a brief flicker of hope . 
 maybe alex is here . 
 maybe he came back to familiar grounds . 
 the sandy-haired man is speaking to pippa . 
 `` you got here just in time , '' he says . 
 he is much older than he appeared from a distance-in his forties at least-although his neck is unblemished . 
 he has obviously not spent any significant amount of time in zombieland . 
 `` game time is tomorrow at noon . '' 
 `` tomorrow ? '' 
 pippa repeats . 
 she and tack exchange a look . 
 julian squeezes my hand . 
 i feel a pulse of anxiety . 
 `` why so soon ? 
 if we had more time to plan - '' `` and more time to eat , '' raven cuts in . 
 `` half our number is practically starving . 
 they wo n't put up a very good fight . '' 
 the sandy-haired man spreads his hands . 
 `` it was n't my decision . 
 we 've been coordinating with our friends on the other side . 
 tomorrow is our best chance for getting in . 
 a large portion of security will be busy tomorrow-there 's a public event down by the labs . 
 they 'll be pulled away from the perimeter to guard it . '' 
 pippa rubs her eyes and sighs . 
 my mother puts in , `` who 's going in first ? '' 
 `` we 're still working out the details , '' he says . 
 `` we did n't know whether resistance got the word out . 
 we did n't know whether we could expect any help . '' 
 when he speaks to my mom , his whole manner changes-he becomes more formal , and more respectful , too . 
 i see his eyes skate down to the tattoo on her neck , the one that marks her as a former prisoner of the crypts . 
 he obviously knows what it means , even if he has not spent time in portland . 
 `` you have help now , '' my mother says . 
 the sandy-haired man looks out over our group . 
 more and more people are pushing out of the woods , flowing into the clearing , huddling together in the weak morning light . 
 he starts slightly , as though he has only just become aware of our number . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 he asks . 
 raven smiles , showing all her teeth . 
 `` enough , '' she says . 
 hana the hargroves ' house is blazing with light . 
 as our car turns into the drive , i have the impression of a massive white boat run aground . 
 in every single window , a lamp is burning ; the trees in the yard have been strung with miniature white lights , and the roof is crowned with them as well . 
 of course , the lights are not about celebration . 
 they are a statement of power . 
 we will have , control , possess , even waste-and others will wither away in the dark , sweat in the summer , freeze as soon as the weather changes . 
 `` do n't you think it 's lovely , hana ? '' 
 my mother says as black-suited attendants materialize from the darkness and open up the car door . 
 they stand back and wait for us , hands folded-respectful , deferential , silent . 
 fred 's work , probably . 
 i think about his fingers tightening around my throat . 
 you will still learn to sit when i tell you ... . 
 and the flatness of cassandra 's voice , the dull resignation in her eyes . 
 he poisoned cats when he was little . 
 he liked to watch them die . 
 `` lovely , '' i echo . 
 she turns to me in the act of swinging her legs out of the car , and frowns slightly . 
 `` you 're very quiet tonight . '' 
 `` tired , '' i say . 
 the past week and a half has slipped away so quickly , i ca n't remember individual days : everything blurs together , turns the muddled gray of a confused dream . 
 tomorrow , i marry fred hargrove . 
 all day i have felt as though i am sleepwalking , seeing my body move and smile and speak , get dressed and lotioned and perfumed , float down the stairs to the waiting car and now drift up the flagstone path to fred 's front door . 
 see hana walk . 
 see hana stepping into the foyer , blinking in the brightness : a chandelier sending rainbow-shards of light across the walls ; lamps crowding the hall table and bookshelves ; candles burning in hard sterling candlesticks . 
 see hana turning into the packed living room , a hundred bright and bloated faces turning to look at her . 
 `` there she is ! '' 
 `` here comes the bride ... '' `` and mrs. tate . '' 
 see hana say hello , wave and nod , shake hands , and smile . 
 `` hana ! 
 perfect timing . 
 i was just singing your praises . '' 
 fred is striding across the room toward me , smiling , his loafers sinking soundlessly into the thick carpet . 
 see hana give her almost-husband an arm . 
 fred leans in to whisper , `` you look very pretty . '' 
 and then : `` i hope you took our conversation to heart . '' 
 as he says it , he pinches my arm , hard , on the fleshy inside just above my elbow . 
 he gives his other arm to my mother , and we move into the room while the crowd parts for us , a rustle of silk and linen . 
 fred steers me through the crowd , pausing to chat with the most important members of city government and his largest benefactors . 
 i listen and laugh at the right moments , but all the time i still feel as though i am dreaming . 
 `` brilliant idea , mayor hargrove . 
 i was just saying to ginny ... '' `` and why should they have light ? 
 why should they get anything from us at all ? '' '' 
 ... soon put an end to the problem . '' 
 my father is already here ; i see that he is talking to patrick riley , the man who took over as the head of deliria-free america after thomas fineman was assasinated last month . 
 riley must have come up from new york , where the group is headquartered . 
 i think of what cassandra told me-that the dfa worked with the invalids , that fred has too , that both attacks were planned-and feel as if i 'm going crazy . 
 i no longer know what to believe . 
 maybe they 'll lock me in the crypts with cassandra and take away my shoelaces . 
 i have to swallow back the sudden urge to laugh . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say as soon as fred 's grip on my elbow loosens and i see the opportunity to escape . 
 `` i 'm going to get a drink . '' 
 fred smiles at me , although his eyes are dark . 
 the warning is plain : behave . 
 `` of course , '' he says lightly . 
 as i make my way across the living room , the crowd presses tightly around him , blocking him from view . 
 a linen-draped table has been set up in front of the large bay windows , which look out onto the hargroves ' well-manicured lawn and impeccable flower beds , where blooms have been organized by height , type , and color . 
 i ask for water and try and make myself as inconspicuous as possible , hoping to avoid conversation for at least a few minutes . 
 `` there she is ! 
 hana ! 
 remember me ? '' 
 from across the room , celia briggs-who is standing next to steven hilt , wearing a dress that makes it look as though she has stumbled accidentally into an enormous pile of blue chiffon-is frantically trying to get my attention . 
 i look away , pretending not to have seen her . 
 as she begins barging toward me , pulling steven by the sleeve , i push into the hall and speed toward the back of the house . 
 i wonder whether celia knows what happened last summer : how steven and i breathed into each other 's mouths , and let feelings pass between each other 's tongues . 
 maybe steven has told her . 
 maybe they laugh about it now , now that we are all safely on the other side of those roiling , frightening nights . 
 i head to the screened-in porch at the back of the house , but this , too , is packed with people . 
 as i 'm about to pass the kitchen , i hear the swell of mrs. hargrove 's voice : `` grab that bucket of ice , will you ? 
 the bartender 's almost out . '' 
 hoping to avoid her , i duck into fred 's study , shutting the door quickly behind me . 
 mrs. hargrove will only pilot me firmly back to the party , back to celia briggs , and the room full of all those teeth . 
 i lean against the door , exhaling slowly . 
 my eyes land on the single painting in the room : the man , the hunter , and the butchered carcasses . 
 only this time , i do n't look away . 
 there 's something wrong with the hunter-he 's dressed too well , in an old-fashioned suit and polished boots . 
 unconsciously , i take two steps closer , horrified and unable to look away . 
 the animals strung from meat hooks are n't animals at all . 
 they 're women . 
 corpses , human corpses , strung from the ceiling and piled on the marble floor . 
 next to the artist 's signature is a small , painted note : the myth of bluebeard , or , the dangers of disobedience . 
 i feel a need i ca n't exactly name-to speak , or scream , or run . 
 instead i sit down on the stiff-backed leather chair behind the desk , lean forward , and rest my head on my arms , and try to remember how to cry . 
 but nothing comes except for a faint itch in my throat and a headache . 
 i do n't know how long i have been sitting like that when i become aware of a siren drawing closer . 
 then the room is thrown , suddenly , into color : flashes of red and white burst intermittently through the windowpane . 
 the sirens are still going , though-and then i realize that they are everywhere , both near and close , some wailing shrilly just down the street and some no louder than an echo . 
 something is wrong . 
 i move out into the hall , just as several doors slam at once . 
 the murmur of conversation and the music have stopped . 
 instead i hear people shouting over one another . 
 fred bursts into the hall and comes striding toward me , just after i 've closed the door to his study . 
 he stops when he sees me . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` the porch , '' i say quickly . 
 my heart is beating hard . 
 `` i needed some air . '' 
 he opens his mouth ; just then my mother comes into the hall , her face pale . 
 `` hana , '' she says . 
 `` there you are . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 more and more people are flowing out of the living room : regulators in their pressed uniforms , fred 's bodyguards , two solemn-faced police officers , and patrick riley , wrestling on his blazer . 
 cell phones are ringing , and bursts of walkie-talkie static fill the hall . 
 `` there 's been a disturbance at the border wall , '' my mother says , her eyes flitting nervously to fred . 
 `` resisters . '' 
 i can tell from my mother 's expression that my guess is right . 
 `` they 've been killed , of course , '' fred says loudly , so everyone can hear . 
 `` how many were there ? '' 
 i ask . 
 fred turns to me as he 's shoving his arms into his suit coat , which a gray-faced regulator has just passed him . 
 `` does it matter ? 
 we 've taken care of it . '' 
 my mother shoots me a look and gives me a minute shake of the head . 
 behind him , a policeman murmurs into his walkie-talkie . 
 `` ten-four , ten-four , we 're on our way . '' 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 patrick riley asks fred . 
 fred nods . 
 instantly , his cell phone starts blaring . 
 he removes it from his pocket and silences it quickly . 
 `` shit . 
 we better hurry . 
 the office phones are probably going crazy . '' 
 my mom places an arm around my shoulders . 
 i 'm momentarily startled . 
 it 's very rare that we touch like this . 
 she must be more worried than she seems . 
 `` come on , '' she says . 
 `` your father 's waiting for us . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she 's already moving me toward the front of the house . 
 `` home , '' she says . 
 outside , the guests are already amassing . 
 we join the line of people waiting for their cars . 
 we see seven and eight people piling into sedans , women in long gowns squeezing on top of one another in backseats . 
 it 's obvious that no one wants to walk the streets , which are filled with the distant sounds of wailing . 
 my father ends up riding in the front with tony . 
 my mom and i squeeze into the backseat with mr. and mrs. brande , who both work in the department of sanitization . 
 normally , mrs. brande ca n't stop running her mouth-my mom has always speculated that the cure left her with no verbal self-control-but tonight we drive in silence . 
 tony goes faster than usual . 
 it begins to rain . 
 the streetlamps pattern the windows with broken halos of light . 
 now , alert with fear and anxiety , i ca n't believe how stupid i 've been . 
 i make a sudden decision : no more going to deering highlands . 
 it 's too dangerous . 
 lena 's family is not my problem . 
 i have done all i can do . 
 the guilt is still there , pressing at my throat , but i swallow it down . 
 we pass under another streetlamp , and the rain on the windows becomes long fingers ; then once again the car is swallowed in darkness . 
 i imagine i see different figures moving through the dark , skating next to the car , faces merging in and out of the shadow . 
 for a second , as we move beneath another streetlamp , i see a hooded figure emerging from the woods at the side of the road . 
 our eyes meet , and i let out a small cry . 
 alex. it 's alex. `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 my mother asks tensely . 
 `` nothing , i - '' by the time i turn around , he is gone , and then i 'm sure i only imagined him . 
 i must have imagined him . 
 alex is dead ; he was taken down at the border and never made it into the wilds . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i thought i saw something . '' 
 `` do n't worry , hana , '' my mother says . 
 `` we 're perfectly safe in the car . '' 
 but she leans forward and says , sharply , to tony , `` ca n't you drive any faster ? '' 
 i think of the new wall , lit up by a spinning light , stained red with blood . 
 what if there are more of them ? 
 what if they 're coming for us ? 
 i have a vision of lena moving out there , sneaking through the streets , ducking between shadows , holding a knife . 
 for a moment my lungs stop moving . 
 but no . 
 she does n't know i was the one who gave her and alex away . 
 no one knows . 
 besides , she is probably dead . 
 and even if she is n't - even if by some miracle , she survived the escape and has been squeezing out a living in the wilds-she would never join forces with the resisters . 
 she would never be violent or vengeful . 
 not lena , who used to practically faint when she pricked a finger , who could n't even lie to a teacher about being late . 
 she would n't have the stomach for it . 
 would she ? 
 lena the planning goes late into the night . 
 the sandy-haired man , whose name is colin , remains sequestered in one of the trailers with beast and pippa , raven and tack , max , cap , my mother , and a few others he has handpicked from his group . 
 he assigns a guard to watch the door ; the meeting is invite-only . 
 i know that something big is in the works-as big as , if not bigger than , the incidents that blew part of a wall out of the crypts and exploded a police station . 
 from hints that max has let slip , i 've gathered that this new rebellion is not simply confined to portland . 
 as in the earlier incidents , in cities all across the country , sympathizers and invalids are gathering and channeling their anger and their energy into displays of resistance . 
 at one point max and raven emerge from the trailer to pee in the woods-their faces drawn and serious-but when i beg raven to let me join the meeting , she cuts me down immediately . 
 `` go to bed , lena , '' she says . 
 `` everything 's under control . '' 
 it must be almost midnight ; julian has been asleep for hours . 
 i ca n't imagine lying down right now . 
 i feel like my blood is full of thousands of ants-my arms and legs are crawling , itching to move , to do something . 
 i walk in circles , trying to shake the feeling , and fuming-annoyed with julian , furious with raven , thinking of all the things i 'd like to say to her . 
 i was the one who got julian out of the underground . 
 i was the one who risked my life to sneak into new york city and save him . 
 i was the one who got into waterbury ; i was the one who found out lu was a fraud . 
 and now raven tells me to go to bed , like i 'm an unruly five-year-old . 
 i take aim at a tin cup that has been lying , half-buried in ash , at the edge of a burned-out campfire , and watch as it rockets twenty feet and pings off the side of a trailer . 
 a man calls out , `` take it easy ! '' 
 but i do n't care if i 've woken him up . 
 i do n't care if i wake the whole damn camp up . 
 `` ca n't sleep ? '' 
 i spin around , startled . 
 coral is sitting a little ways behind me , knees hugged to her chest , next to the dying remains of another fire . 
 every so often she prods it halfheartedly with a stick . 
 `` hey , '' i say cautiously . 
 since alex left , she has gone almost completely mute . 
 `` i did n't see you . '' 
 her eyes go to mine . 
 she smiles weakly . 
 `` i ca n't sleep either . '' 
 even though i 'm still antsy , it feels weird to be hovering above her , so i lower myself onto one of the smoke-blackened logs that ring the campfire . 
 `` are you worried about tomorrow ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 she gives the fire another prod , watches as it flares momentarily . 
 `` it does n't matter for me , does it ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i look at her closely for the first time in a week ; i 've been unconsciously avoiding her . 
 there is something tragic and hollow about her now : her cream-pale skin looks like a husk-empty , sucked dry . 
 she shrugs and keeps her eyes on the embers . 
 `` i mean that i have no one left . '' 
 i swallow . 
 i 've been meaning to speak to her about alex , to apologize in some way , but the words never quite come . 
 even now they grow and stick in my throat . 
 `` listen , coral . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 say it . 
 just say it . 
 `` i 'm really sorry that alex left . 
 i know-i know it must have been hard for you . '' 
 there it is : the spoken admission that he was hers to lose . 
 as soon as the words leave my mouth , i feel weirdly deflated , as though they 've been swollen , balloonlike , in my chest this whole time . 
 for the first time since i sat down , she looks at me . 
 i ca n't read the expression on her face . 
 `` that 's okay , '' she says at last , returning her gaze to the fire . 
 `` he was still in love with you , anyway . '' 
 it 's as though she 's reached out and punched me in the stomach . 
 all of a sudden , i ca n't breathe . 
 `` what-what are you talking about ? '' 
 her mouth crooks up into a smile . 
 `` he was . 
 it was obvious . 
 that 's okay . 
 he liked me and i liked him . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i did n't mean alex , anyway , when i said i had no one left . 
 i meant nan , and the rest of the group . 
 my people . '' 
 she throws down the stick and hugs her knees tighter to her chest . 
 `` weird how it 's just hitting me now , huh ? '' 
 even though i 'm still stunned by what she has just said , i manage to keep control of myself . 
 i reach out and touch her elbow . 
 `` hey , '' i say . 
 `` you have us . 
 we 're your people now . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 her eyes flick to mine again . 
 she forces a smile . 
 she tilts her head and stares at me critically for a minute . 
 `` i can see why he loved you . '' 
 `` coral , you 're wrong - '' i start to say . 
 but just then there 's a footfall behind us , and my mother says , `` i thought you went to sleep hours ago . '' 
 coral stands up , dusting off the back of her jeans-a nervous gesture , since we are all covered in dirt , caked grime that has found its way from our eyelashes to our fingernails . 
 `` i was just going , '' she says . 
 `` good night , lena . 
 and ... thanks . '' 
 before i can respond , she spins around and heads off toward the southern end of the clearing , where most of our group is clustered . 
 `` she seems like a sweet girl , '' my mother says , easing herself down onto the log coral has vacated . 
 `` too sweet for the wilds . '' 
 `` she 's been here almost her whole life . '' 
 i ca n't keep the edge from my voice . 
 `` and she 's a great fighter . '' 
 my mother stares at me . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` what 's wrong is that i do n't like being kept in the dark . 
 i want to know what the plan is tomorrow . '' 
 my heart is going hard . 
 i know i 'm not being fair to my mother-it is n't her fault i was n't allowed in to plan-but i feel like i could scream . 
 coral 's words have shaken something loose inside me , and i can feel it rattling around in my chest , knifing against my lungs . 
 he was still in love with you . 
 no . 
 it 's impossible ; she got it all wrong . 
 he never loved me . 
 he told me so . 
 my mother 's face turns serious . 
 `` lena , you have to promise me that you 'll stay here , at the camp , tomorrow . 
 you have to promise me you wo n't fight . '' 
 now it 's my turn to stare . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she rakes a hand through her hair , making it look as though it has been styled with an electric current . 
 `` nobody knows exactly what we can expect inside that wall . 
 the security forces are estimates , and we 're not sure how much support our friends in portland have drummed up . 
 i was urging a delay , but i was overruled . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` it 's dangerous , lena . 
 i do n't want you to be a part of it . '' 
 the rattling piece in my chest-the anger and sadness over losing alex , and also , more than that , even , over this life that we string together from scraps and tatters and half-spoken words and promises that are not fulfilled-explodes suddenly . 
 `` you still do n't get it , do you ? '' 
 i am practically shaking . 
 `` i 'm not a child anymore . 
 i grew up . 
 i grew up without you . 
 and you ca n't tell me what to do . '' 
 i half expect her to snap back at me , but she just sighs and stares at the smoldering orange glow still embedded in the ash , like a buried sunset . 
 then she says abruptly , `` do you remember the story of solomon ? '' 
 her words are so unexpected that for a moment , i ca n't speak . 
 i can only nod . 
 `` tell me , '' she says . 
 `` tell me what you remember . '' 
 alex 's note , still tucked into the pouch around my neck , seems to be smoldering too , burning against my chest . 
 `` two mothers are fighting over a child , '' i say cautiously . 
 `` they decide to cut the baby in half . 
 the king decrees it . '' 
 my mother shakes her head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's the revised version ; that 's the story in the book of shhh . 
 in the real story , the mothers do n't cut the baby in half . '' 
 i go very still , almost afraid to breathe . 
 i feel as though i 'm teetering on a precipice , on the verge of understanding , and i 'm not yet sure if i want to go over . 
 my mother goes on , `` in the real story , king solomon decides that the baby should be cut in half . 
 but it 's only a test . 
 one mother agrees ; the other woman says that she 'll give up claim to the baby altogether . 
 she does n't want the child injured . '' 
 my mother turns her eyes to me . 
 even in the dark , i can see their sparkle , the clarity that has never gone away . 
 `` that 's how the king identifies the real mother . 
 she 's willing to sacrifice her claim , sacrifice her happiness , to keep the baby safe . '' 
 i close my eyes and see embers burning behind my lids : blood-red dawn , smoke and fire , alex behind the ash . 
 all of a sudden , i know . 
 i understand the meaning of his note . 
 `` i 'm not trying to control you , lena , '' my mother says , her voice low . 
 `` i just want you to be safe . 
 that 's what i 've always wanted . '' 
 i open my eyes . 
 the memory of alex standing behind the fence as a black swarm enfolded him , recedes . 
 `` it 's too late . '' 
 my voice sounds hollow , and not like my own . 
 `` i 've seen things ... i 've lost things you ca n't understand . '' 
 it 's the closest i 've come to speaking about alex. thankfully , she does n't pry . 
 she just nods . 
 `` i 'm tired . '' 
 i push myself to my feet . 
 my body , too , feels unfamiliar , as though i 'm a puppet that has begun to come apart at the seams . 
 alex sacrificed himself once so that i could live and be happy . 
 now he has done it again . 
 i 've been so stupid . 
 and he is gone ; there is no way for me to reach him and tell him i know and understand . 
 there is no way for me to tell him that i am still in love with him , too . 
 `` i 'm going to get some sleep , '' i tell her , avoiding her eyes . 
 `` i think that 's a good idea , '' she says . 
 i 've already started to move away from her when she calls out to me . 
 i turn around . 
 the fire has now burned out completely , and her face is swallowed in darkness . 
 `` we make for the wall at dawn , '' she says . 
 hana i ca n't sleep . 
 tomorrow i will no longer be myself . 
 i will walk down the white carpet , and stand under the white canopy , and pronounce vows of loyalty and purpose . 
 afterward , white petals will rain down on me , scattered by the priests , by the guests , by my parents . 
 i will be reborn : blank , clean , featureless , like the world after a blizzard . 
 i stay up all night and watch dawn break slowly over the horizon , touching the world with white . 
 lena i 'm in a crowd , watching two children fight over a baby . 
 they are playing tug-of-war , pulling it violently back and forth , and the baby is blue , and i know they are shaking it to death . 
 i 'm trying to push through the crowd , but more and more people are surging around me , blocking my path , making it impossible to move . 
 and then , just as i feared , the baby falls : it hits the pavement and shatters into a thousand pieces , like a china doll . 
 then all the people are gone . 
 i am alone on a road , and in front of me , a girl with long , tangled hair is bent over the shattered doll , piecing it back together painstakingly , humming to herself . 
 the day is bright and perfectly still . 
 each of my footsteps rings out like a gunshot , but she does n't look up until i am standing directly in front of her . 
 then she does , and she is grace . 
 `` see ? '' 
 she says , extending the doll toward me . 
 `` i fixed it . '' 
 and i see that the doll 's face is my own , and webbed with thousands of tiny fissures and cracks . 
 grace cradles the doll in her arms . 
 `` wake up , wake up , '' she croons . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 i open my eyes : my mother is standing above me . 
 i sit up , my body stiff , working feeling into my fingers and toes , flexing and unflexing . 
 the air is hung with mist , and the sky is just beginning to lighten . 
 the ground is covered with frost , which has seeped through my blanket while i was sleeping , and the wind has a bitter , morning edge . 
 the camp is busy : around me , people are stirring , standing , moving like shadows through the half darkness . 
 fires are sparking to life , and every so often , i hear a burst of conversation , a shouted command . 
 my mother reaches out a hand and helps me to my feet . 
 incredibly , she looks rested and alert . 
 i stomp the stiffness out of my legs . 
 `` coffee will get your blood moving , '' she says . 
 it does n't surprise me that raven , tack , pippa , and beast are already up . 
 they are standing with colin and a dozen others near one of the larger fire pits , their breath clouding the air as they speak in low tones . 
 there is a stockpot of coffee on the fire : bitter and full of grains , but hot . 
 i start to feel better and more awake after i 've had only a few sips . 
 but i ca n't bring myself to eat anything . 
 raven raises her eyebrows when she sees me . 
 my mother gestures to her , a motion of resignation , and raven turns back to colin . 
 `` all right , '' he 's saying . 
 `` like we talked about last night , we move in three groups into the city . 
 first group goes in an hour , does the scouting , and makes contact with our friends . 
 the main force does n't budge until the blast at twelve hundred hours . 
 the third group will follow immediately afterward and head straight to the target ... . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 julian comes up behind me . 
 his eyes still have a puffy , just-awake look , and his hair is hopelessly tangled . 
 `` i missed you last night . '' 
 last night , i could n't bring myself to lie down next to julian . 
 instead i found a free blanket and made my bed out in the open , next to a hundred other women . 
 for a long time , i stared up at the stars , remembering the first time i came to the wilds with alex-how he led me into one of the trailers , and unrolled the tarp that served as its ceiling so we could see the sky . 
 so much between us went unsaid ; that is the danger , and beauty , of life without the cure . 
 there is always wilderness and tangle , and the path is never clear . 
 julian begins to reach for me , and i take a step backward . 
 `` i was having trouble sleeping , '' i say . 
 `` i did n't want to wake you . '' 
 julian frowns . 
 i ca n't bring myself to make eye contact with him . 
 over the past week , i 've accepted that i will never love julian as much as i loved alex. but now that idea is overwhelming , like a wall between us . 
 i will never love julian like i love alex. `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 julian is watching me warily . 
 `` nothing , '' i say , and then repeat , `` nothing . '' 
 `` did something - '' julian starts to say when raven whirls around and glares at him . 
 `` hey , jewels , '' she barks out , which she has taken to calling julian when she 's annoyed . 
 `` this is n't gossip hour , okay ? 
 shut it or clear out . '' 
 julian falls quiet . 
 i turn my eyes to colin , and julian does n't try to touch me or move closer . 
 the sky is now streaked with long filaments of orange and red , like the tendrils of a massive jellyfish , floating in a milk-white ocean . 
 the mist rises ; the earth begins to shake itself awake . 
 portland , too , will be stirring . 
 colin tells us the plan . 
 hana on my last morning as hana tate , i drink my coffee onto the front porch , alone . 
 i had planned to take a final bike ride , but there is no hope of that now , not after what happened last night . 
 the streets will be crawling with police and regulators . 
 i 'll have to show my papers , and field questions i ca n't answer . 
 instead i sit on the porch swing , taking comfort in its rhythmic squeaking . 
 the air is morning-still , cool and gray and textured with salt . 
 i can tell it will be a perfect day , cloudless and bright . 
 every so often , a seagull cries sharply . 
 other than that , it 's silent . 
 here there are no alarms , no sirens , no hint of the disturbance last night . 
 but downtown , it will be different . 
 there will be barricades and security checks , reinforced security at the new wall . 
 i remember , suddenly , what fred told me once about the wall-that it would be like the palm of god , cupping us forever in safety , keeping out the diseased , the damaged , the unfaithful and unworthy . 
 but maybe we can never be truly safe . 
 i wonder whether there will be new raids in the highlands , whether the families there will be once again displaced , and quickly dismiss the concern . 
 lena 's family is beyond my reach . 
 i see that now . 
 i should have seen that always . 
 what happens to them-whether they starve or freeze-is none of my business . 
 we are all punished for the lives we have chosen , in one way or another . 
 i will be paying my penance-to lena , for failing her ; to her family , for helping her-every day of my life . 
 i close my eyes and picture the old port : the textured streets , the boat slips , the sun breaking loose of the water , and the waves lapping against the wharves . 
 good-bye , good-bye , good-bye . 
 i mentally trace a route from eastern prom to the top of munjoy hill ; i see all of portland spread vastly below me , glittering in new light . 
 `` hana ? '' 
 i open my eyes . 
 my mother has stepped onto the porch . 
 she holds her thin nightgown close to her body , squinting . 
 her skin , without makeup , looks almost gray . 
 `` you should probably get into the shower , '' she says . 
 i stand up and follow her into the house . 
 lena we 've moved to the wall . 
 there must be four hundred of us , massed in the trees . 
 last night , a small task force made the crossing , to prepare last-minute for the full-scale breach today . 
 and earlier this morning , another small group-colin 's people , hand-selected-got over the fence on the west side of portland , close to the crypts , where the wall has not yet been built and security has been compromised by friends , allies , on the inside . 
 but that was hours ago , and now there is nothing to do but wait for the signal . 
 the main force will breach the wall at once . 
 most of portland 's security will be busy at the labs ; i 've gathered that there is a large event there today . 
 there should only be a limited number of officers to hold us off , although colin is worried that last night 's breach did n't go as smoothly as planned . 
 it 's possible that inside the wall , there are more regulators , more guns than we think . 
 we 'll just have to see . 
 from where i am crouching in the underbrush , i can occasionally see pippa , fifty yards off , when she shifts behind the juniper bush she has chosen to conceal her . 
 i wonder if she 's nervous . 
 pippa has one of the most important roles of all . 
 she is in charge of one of the bombs . 
 the main force-the chaos at the wall-is meant mostly to enable the bombers , four in total , to slip unnoticed into portland . 
 pippa 's end goal is 88 essex street , an address i do n't recognize , probably a government building , like the rest of the targets . 
 the sun inches up into the sky . 
 ten a.m. ten thirty a.m. noon . 
 any minute now . 
 we wait . 
 hana the car 's here . '' 
 my mother rests a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 i do n't trust myself to speak , so i nod . 
 the girl in the mirror-blond tendrils of hair pinned and pulled back , eyelashes dark with mascara , skin flawless , lips penciled in-nods as well . 
 `` i 'm very proud of you , '' my mother says in an undertone . 
 people are bustling in and out of the room-photographers and makeup artists and debbie , the hairdresser-and i imagine she is embarrassed . 
 my mother has never in her whole life admitted to being proud of me . 
 `` here . '' 
 my mother helps me slip into a soft cotton robe , so my dress-sweeping , long , and fastened at the shoulder with a gold clip in the shape of an eagle , the animal to which fred is most often compared-will remain spotless during the short drive down to the labs . 
 a group of journalists is clustered outside the gates , and as i emerge onto the porch , i am startled by the glare from so many lenses turned in my direction , the rapid-fire click-click-click of the shutters . 
 the sun floats in the cloudless sky , a single white eye . 
 it must be just before noon . 
 i 'm glad as soon as we make it to the car . 
 the interior is dark , and cool , and i know that no one can see me behind the tinted windows . 
 `` i really do n't believe it . '' 
 my mother plays with her bracelets . 
 she 's more excited than i 've ever seen her . 
 `` i really thought this day would never come . 
 is n't that silly ? '' 
 `` silly , '' i echo . 
 as we pull out of the subdivision , i see that the police presence has been redoubled . 
 half the streets leading downtown have been barricaded , patrolled by regulators , police , and even some men wearing the silver badges of the military guard . 
 by the time i can see the sloped white roofs of the laboratory complex-where fred and i will be married in one of the largest medical conference rooms , big enough to accommodate a thousand witnesses-the crowd in the streets is so dense , tony can hardly inch the car along through it . 
 it seems as though all of portland has turned out to watch me get married . 
 people reach out and knuckle the hood of the car for good luck . 
 hands thump against the roof and the windows , making me jump . 
 and police wade through the crowd , moving people aside , trying to clear a space for the car , intoning , `` let 'em through , let 'em through . '' 
 a series of police barricades has been erected just outside the laboratory gates . 
 several regulators move them aside so we can pass into the small paved parking lot just in front of the lab 's main entrance . 
 i recognize fred 's family 's car . 
 he must be here already . 
 my stomach gives a weird twist . 
 i have n't been to the labs since my procedure was completed , since i entered a miserable , chewed-up girl , full of guilt and hurt and anger , and emerged something different , cleaner and less confused . 
 that was the day they cut lena away from me , and steve hilt , too , and all those sweaty , dark nights , when i was n't sure of anything . 
 but that was really only the beginning of the cure . 
 this-the pairing , the wedding , and fred-is its conclusion . 
 the gates have been locked behind us again , and the barricades restored . 
 still , as i climb out of the car , i can feel the crowd pressing closer , closer-itching to come in , to watch , to see me pledge my life and future to the path that has been chosen for me . 
 but the ceremony will not begin for another fifteen minutes , and the gates will remain closed until then . 
 behind the revolving glass doors , i can see fred waiting for me , unsmiling , arms folded . 
 his face is distorted by the glare and the glass . 
 from this distance , it looks as though his skin is full of holes . 
 `` it 's time , '' my mother says . 
 `` i know , '' i say , and i pass in front of her , into the building . 
 lena it 's time . 
 the rifle shots explode simultaneously in the distance-a dozen of them at least-and just like that , we are moving as one . 
 we are running out of the trees , hundreds of us , drumming up mud and dirt , the rhythm of our feet like a single , swollen heartbeat . 
 two rope ladders appear over the side of the wall , then another two , and then three more-so far , so good . 
 the first of our group reaches a ladder , jumps , and swings upward . 
 in the distance , a band is playing a wedding march . 
 hana outside the laboratories , the guards-nearly two dozen of them , arrayed in spotless uniforms-fire off their rifle salute , signaling that the ceremony can proceed . 
 the large windows of the conference room are open , and through them we can hear the band begin to play a wedding march . 
 most of the onlookers have not been able to squeeze into the labs and will be clustered outside , listening , straining to see through the windows . 
 the priest is wearing a microphone so his voice will be amplified , so it will reach every member of the assembled crowd , touch them with his words of perfection and honor , of duty and safety . 
 a platform has been erected in the center of the room , just in front of the podium where the priest will conduct the ceremony . 
 two participants , both dressed symbolically , in lab coats , help me onto it . 
 when fred takes my hands in his and lays them on top of the book of shhh , a small sigh travels the room , an exhalation of relief . 
 this is what we are made for : promises , pledges , and sworn oaths of obedience . 
 lena i 'm halfway up the ladder when the alarms begin to sound . 
 a second later there is another explosion of gunfire . 
 there is nothing coordinated about these shots ; they explode in rapid staccato , deafeningly close , and just like that the air is a symphony of shouts and shots and screams . 
 a woman straddling the wall topples backward and tumbles to the ground with a sickening thud , blood bubbling from her chest . 
 only a tenth of our number has made it over the wall . 
 the air is suddenly thick with gun smoke . 
 people are yelling-go , stop , move , stop where you are or i 'll shoot ! 
 for a second i freeze on the ladder , swinging , petrified-my hands slip a little , and i barely manage to right myself before falling . 
 i ca n't remember how to move . 
 at the top of the ladder , a regulator is hacking at the ropes with a knife . 
 `` go . 
 lena , go ! '' 
 julian is beneath me on the ladder . 
 he reaches up and pushes , jolting me back into my body . 
 i begin working my way upward again , ignoring the searing pain in my palms . 
 better to fight the regulators on the ground , where we have a chance-anything is better than swinging here , exposed , like a fish on a line . 
 the ladder shudders . 
 the regulator is still working feverishly with his knife . 
 he is young-he looks somehow familiar-and sweat is matting his blond hair to his forehead . 
 beast has just made it to the top of the wall . 
 there 's a crack , and a small yelp , as he drives his elbow into the regulator 's nose . 
 the rest happens quickly : beast gets his fist around the man 's knife and thrusts ; the regulator slumps forward , eyes unseeing , and beast heaves him unceremoniously over the wall , as though he is a sack of garbage . 
 he , too , thuds when he hits the ground : only then do i recognize him as a boy from joffrey 's academy , someone hana once spoke to at the beach . 
 my age-we were evaluated on the same day . 
 no time to think about that now . 
 two more strong pulls get me to the top of the wall . 
 i slide onto my stomach , pressing hard into the stone , trying to stay as small as possible . 
 compact . 
 the inside of the wall is crisscrossed with scaffolding left over from construction . 
 only a few portions of the stone catwalk , meant for patrols , are complete : there are bodies tangled everywhere , people fighting , locked together , struggling for the advantage . 
 pippa is working her way grimly up the ladder to my right . 
 tack has dropped into a crouch on the scaffolding ; he is covering her , sweeping a gun from left to right , picking off the guards who are rushing us from the ground . 
 raven goes behind pippa , the handle of a knife gripped in her mouth , a gun strapped to her hip . 
 her face is taut , and focused . 
 everything registers in bursts , flashes : guards running at the wall , materializing from guard huts and warehouses . 
 sirens wailing : police . 
 they 've been quick to respond to the alarms . 
 and beneath this , a squeeze in my gut-the landscape of roofs and roads ; the grim-gray flow of pavement ; back cove , shimmering in front of me ; parks dotted in the distance ; the sweep of the bay , beyond the distant white blot that is the laboratory complex : portland . 
 my home . 
 for a moment , i 'm worried i 'll faint . 
 there are too many people-bodies swarming and swinging , faces contorted and grotesque-and too much sound . 
 my throat burns with smoke . 
 a piece of the scaffolding has caught fire . 
 and still we have n't gotten more than a quarter of our number over the wall . 
 i ca n't see my mother ; i do n't know what happened to her . 
 then julian has made it over , and he wraps an arm around my waist and forces me to my knees . 
 `` down ! 
 down ! '' 
 he 's shouting , and we thud hard onto our knees as a series of bullets lodge into the wall behind us , spraying us with fine dust and stone-spit . 
 the scaffolding groans and sways beneath us . 
 guards have massed on the ground , heaving its supports , trying to topple it . 
 julian shouts something . 
 his words are lost , but i know he is telling me that we need to move-we need to get to the ground . 
 next to me , tack has reached back to help pippa over the wall . 
 she moves clumsily , weighted down by the backpack she carries . 
 for a second , i imagine that the bomb will go off right here , right now-the blood and fire , the sweet-smelling smoke and the ricocheting stone shrapnel-but then pippa is safely over the wall and climbing to her feet . 
 just then a guard on the ground swings his rifle toward pippa , locks her in his sights . 
 i want to scream-i want to warn her-but i ca n't make a sound . 
 `` down , pippa ! '' 
 raven launches herself over the wall , knocking pippa out of the way just as the guard squeezes the trigger . 
 pop . 
 the littlest noise . 
 a toy-firecracker sound . 
 raven jerks and stiffens . 
 for a second , i think she is only surprised : her mouth goes round , her eyes wide . 
 then she begins teetering backward , and i know that she is dead . 
 falling , falling , falling ... `` no ! '' 
 tack lunges forward and grabs hold of her shirt before she can tumble back over the wall , pulling her down and onto his lap . 
 people are swarming all around him , seething like rats over the scaffolding , but he just sits there , rocking a bit , cupping her face in his hands . 
 he wipes her forehead , brushes the hair away from her face . 
 she stares up at him sightlessly , her mouth open and wet , eyes shock-wide , black braid coiled against his thigh . 
 his lips are moving-he 's speaking to her . 
 and now there is a scream inside me , silent and huge , like a black hole tunneling deep through my center . 
 i ca n't move , ca n't do anything but stare . 
 this is not how raven dies-not here , not in this way , not in one flimsy second , not without a fight . 
 pop goes the weasel . 
 the child 's game comes back to me then , the way we used to chase one another around the park . 
 pop . 
 you 're it . 
 this is all a child 's game . 
 we are playing with shiny tin toys and loud noises . 
 we are playing two-sides , like we used to when we were children . 
 pop . 
 white-hot pain blazes through me , past me . 
 i bring my hand to my face instinctively and feel for injury ; my fingers graze my ear and come away wet with blood . 
 a bullet must have just clipped me . 
 the shock , even more than the pain , wakes me up , kicks my body into motion . 
 there were n't enough guns to go around , but i have a knife-old and blunted , but still better than nothing . 
 i wrestle it out of the leather pouch around my hips . 
 julian is making his way down the scaffolding , swinging along the crisscrossed iron bars like a monkey . 
 a guard tries to grab hold of one of julian 's legs-julian twists and brings his foot , hard , into the guard 's face . 
 the guard staggers back , releasing him , and julian drops the remaining few feet to the ground , into the chaos of bodies : invalids and officers , our side and their side , merging into one enormous , writhing , bloody animal . 
 i scoot to the edge of the catwalk and make the jump . 
 the few seconds i am airborne-and a target-are the most terrifying . 
 i am totally exposed , totally vulnerable . 
 two seconds-three seconds , tops , but it feels like an eternity . 
 i hit the ground , nearly on top of a regulator , and take him down with me as my ankle twists and i tumble onto the gravel . 
 we are a wild tangle-momentarily entwined , struggling to gain the advantage . 
 he tries to aim his gun at me , but i get his wrist in my hand and twist backward , hard . 
 he yelps and drops the gun . 
 someone kicks it , and the gun spins away from my fingers , into the gray-dust chaos . 
 then i see it barely a foot away . 
 the regulator spots it at the same time , and we reach for it simultaneously . 
 he 's bigger than i am , but slower , too . 
 i have it in my hand , close my fingers around the trigger a full second before him , and his fist connects with nothing but dirt . 
 he roars , enraged , and lunges for me . 
 i swing the gun up , catch him in the side of the head , hear a crack as the gun connects with his temple . 
 he goes slack , and i launch myself to my feet before i can be trampled . 
 my mouth tastes like metal and dust , and my head has started to throb . 
 i do n't see julian . 
 i do n't see my mother or colin or hunter . 
 then : a rocking mortar-blast , an explosion of stone and white caulk-dust . 
 the blow nearly takes me off my feet . 
 at first i think one of the bombs must have been triggered accidentally and i look around for pippa , trying to clear my head of the ringing , of the stinging , choking dust , just in time to see her slip , undetected , between two guard huts , heading for downtown . 
 behind me , one of the scaffolds groans and begins to topple . 
 there is a sharp swell in the screaming . 
 hands dig at my back as everyone presses forward , trying to break free from its path . 
 slowly , slowly , groaning , it teeters-and then accelerating , crashes to the ground , splintering , trapping the unlucky ones beneath its weight . 
 the wall is now sporting a gaping hole at its base ; i realize this must have been the work of a pipe bomb , an explosion jerry-rigged by the resistance . 
 pippa 's bomb would have ripped the wall in two . 
 still , it 's enough ; our remaining forces are spilling through the opening , a current of people who have been pushed or forced out , dispossessed and diseased , flooding into portland . 
 the guards , a ragged line of blue-and-white uniforms , are swallowed up in the tide , pushed back , and forced to run . 
 i 've lost julian . 
 no point in trying to find him now ; i can only pray that he is safe , and that he 'll make it out of this mess unharmed . 
 i do n't know what happened to tack , either . 
 part of me hopes that he has retreated over the wall with raven , and for a second i imagine that once he has gotten her back to the wilds , she 'll wake up . 
 she 'll open her eyes and find that the world has been rebuilt the way she wanted it . 
 or maybe she wo n't wake up . 
 maybe she is already on a different pilgrimage , and has gone to find blue again . 
 i push my way toward the place i saw pippa vanish , struggling to breathe in the smoke-clotted air . 
 one of the guard huts is burning . 
 i flash back to the old license plate we found , half-buried in the mud , during our migration from portland last winter . 
 live free or die . 
 i stumble over a body . 
 my stomach heaves into my mouth-for a split second , i 'm overcome by blackness , coiled tight in my stomach like raven 's hair on tack 's leg , raven 's dead , oh god-but i swallow and breathe and keep going , keep fighting and pushing . 
 we wanted the freedom to love . 
 we wanted the freedom to choose . 
 now we have to fight for it . 
 at last i break free of the fighting . 
 i duck past the guard huts , breaking into a run on the gravel path that divides them , heading for the sparse group of trees that encircles back cove . 
 my ankle hurts every time i put my weight down on it , but i do n't stop . 
 i swipe my ear quickly with my sleeve and judge that the bleeding has already slowed . 
 the resistance may have a mission in portland , but i have a mission of my own . 
 hana the alarms go off just before the priest can pronounce us husband and wife . 
 one moment , everything is quiet and ordered . 
 the music has died down , the crowd is silent , the priest 's voice resonates through the room , rolls out over the audience . 
 in the quiet , i can hear each individual camera shutter : opening and closing , opening and closing , like metal lungs . 
 the next moment everything is motion and sound , shrieking chaos , sirens . 
 and i know , in that instant , that the invalids are here . 
 they 've come for us . 
 hands grab me roughly from all sides . 
 `` move , move , move . '' 
 bodyguards are piloting me toward the exit . 
 someone steps on the end of my gown , and i hear it rip . 
 my eyes are stinging ; i 'm choking on the smell of too much aftershave , too many bodies crowding and pulling . 
 `` come on , hurry it up . 
 hurry it up . '' 
 walkie-talkies explode with static . 
 urgent voices shout in a coded language i do n't understand . 
 i try to turn around to look for my mother and am nearly carried off my feet by the pressure of the guards moving me forward . 
 i catch a glimpse of fred surrounded by his security team . 
 he 's white-faced , yelling into a cell phone . 
 i will him to look at me-in that moment i forget about cassie , i forget about everything . 
 i need him to tell me we 're okay ; i need him to explain what 's happening . 
 but he does n't even glance in my direction . 
 outside , the glare is blinding . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut . 
 journalists jostle close to the doors , blocking the way to the car . 
 the long metal barrels of their camera lenses look for a second like guns , all directed straight at me . 
 they 're going to kill us all . 
 the bodyguards fight to clear space for me , shouldering apart the rushing stream of people . 
 at last we reach the car . 
 once again , i look for fred . 
 our eyes meet briefly across the crowd . 
 he 's heading for a squad car . 
 `` take her to my house . '' 
 he yells this to tony , then turns around and ducks into the back of a police car . 
 that 's it . 
 no words at all for me . 
 tony puts a hand on top of my head and directs me roughly into the backseat . 
 two of fred 's bodyguards slide in next to me , guns out . 
 i want to ask them to put their weapons away , but my brain does n't seem to be working correctly . 
 i ca n't remember either of their names . 
 tony jerks the car into gear , but the knots of people gathered in the parking lot mean that we 're trapped . 
 tony leans on the horn . 
 i cover my ears and remind myself to breathe ; we 're safe , we 're in the car , it will be okay . 
 the police will take care of everything . 
 finally , we begin to move forward , plowing steadily through the dispersing crowd . 
 it takes us nearly twenty minutes to make it out of the long drive leading down to the labs . 
 we turn right onto commercial street , which us clotted with more foot traffic . 
 then zip against traffic into a narrow one-way street . 
 in the car , everyone is silent , watching the blur of people in the streets-people running , panicked , undirected . 
 even though i can see people openmouthed , shouting , only the sound of the alarms penetrates the thick windows . 
 strangely , this is more frightening than anything-all these people voiceless , screaming silently . 
 we barrel down an alley so narrow , i 'm positive we 'll get stuck between the brick walls on either side of us . 
 then we turn down another one-way street , this one relatively free of people . 
 we blow straight past the stop signs , and jerk left into another alley . 
 finally , we 're really moving . 
 it occurs to me to try and reach my mother on her cell phone , but when i dial her number , the phone system keeps returning an error . 
 the systems must be overloaded . 
 i suddenly feel very small . 
 the system is security ; it is everything . 
 in portland , there is always someone watching . 
 but now it seems the system has been blinded . 
 `` turn on the radio , '' i tell tony . 
 he does . 
 the national news service patches in . 
 the announcer 's voice is reassuring , almost lazy-speaking terrifying words in a tone of total calm . '' 
 ... breach at the wall ... everyone urged not to panic ... until the police can restore control ... lock doors and windows , stay inside ... regulators and every government official working hard in tandem - '' the announcer 's voice cuts off abruptly . 
 for a moment there is nothing but static . 
 tony spins the dial , but the speakers continue buzzing and popping , letting out nothing but white noise . 
 then , suddenly , an unfamiliar voice comes in , overloud and urgent : `` we are taking back the city . 
 we are taking back our rights and our freedom . 
 join us . 
 take down the walls . 
 take down the - '' tony punches the radio off . 
 the silence in the car rings out , deafening . 
 i flash back to the morning of the first terrorist attacks , when at ten a.m. , in the middle of a peaceful , everyday tuesday , three blasts went off simultaneously in portland . 
 i was in a car then , i remember ; when my mother and i heard the announcement on the radio , we did n't believe it at first . 
 we did n't believe it until we saw the smoke clotting the sky , and saw the people begin to stream past us , running , pale , and the ash began to drift like snow . 
 cassandra said that fred let those attacks happen , to prove that the invalids were out there , to show that they were monstrous . 
 but now the monsters are here , inside the walls , in our streets again . 
 i ca n't believe that he would let this happen . 
 i have to believe that he will fix it , even if it means killing them all . 
 we 've finally shaken off the chaos and the crowds . 
 we 're near cumberland now , where lena used to live , in the quietly run-down residential portion of the city . 
 in the distance , the foghorn in the old watchtower on munjoy hill begins blowing , sending mournful notes beneath and beyond the alarms . 
 i wish we were heading home instead of to fred 's house . 
 i want to curl up in my bed and sleep ; i want to wake up and find that today was all just a nightmare that has pushed through the cracks , past the cure . 
 but my home is no longer my home . 
 even if the priest did not get to finish his pronouncement , i am now officially married to fred hargrove . 
 nothing will ever be the same . 
 left onto sherman ; then right into yet another alley , which will dump us onto park . 
 just as we reach the end of the alley , someone runs out in front of the car , a gray blur . 
 tony shouts and slams on the brakes , but it 's too late . 
 i have time to register the tattered clothing , the long , matted hair-invalid-before the impact carries her off her feet . 
 she spins across the hood-fans for a second against the windshield-and drops out of sight again . 
 anger crests inside me , sudden and startling , a stabbing peak of it that breaks through the fear . 
 i lean forward , shouting , `` it 's one of them , it 's one of them ! 
 do n't let her get away ! '' 
 tony and the other guards do n't need to be asked twice . 
 in an instant , they 're rocketing into the street , guns drawn , leaving the doors of the car hanging open . 
 my hands are shaking . 
 i squeeze them into fists and lean back , taking deep breaths , trying to calm down . 
 with the doors open , i can hear the alarms more clearly , and distant sounds of shouting , too , like the echo-roar of the ocean . 
 this is portland , my portland . 
 in that moment , nothing else matters-not the lies or the mistakes , and the promises we 've failed to keep . 
 this is my city , and my city is under attack . 
 the anger tightens . 
 tony is hauling the girl to her feet . 
 she is fighting , although she is outnumbered and completely outmatched . 
 her hair is hanging in her face , and she 's kicking and scratching like an animal . 
 maybe i 'll kill this one myself . 
 lena by the time i make it onto forest avenue , the sound of the fighting has faded , swallowed by the shrill cries of the alarms . 
 every so often i see a hand twitching at a curtain , a fishbowl-eye peering down at me and then vanishing just as quickly . 
 everyone is staying locked up and locked in . 
 i keep my head down , moving as quickly as i can despite the throbbing in my ankle where i landed on it wrong , listening for sounds of squads and patrols . 
 there 's no way i 'll be mistaken for anything but an invalid : i 'm filthy , wearing old , mud-splattered clothes , and my ear is still streaked with blood . 
 amazingly , there 's no one on the streets . 
 security forces must have been diverted elsewhere . 
 this is , after all , the poorer part of town ; no doubt the city does n't feel these people need protection . 
 a path and a road for everyone ... and for some , a path straight into the ground . 
 i make it to cumberland without problems . 
 as soon as i step onto my old block , i feel for a moment as though i 'm caught in a still life from the past . 
 it seems forever ago that i used to turn down this block on my way home from school ; that i used to stretch here after my runs , placing one leg on top of the bus-stop bench ; that i would watch jenny and the other kids playing kick the can , and open up the fire hydrants for them when it got hot in the summer . 
 it was a lifetime ago . 
 i 'm a different lena now . 
 the street , too , looks different-saggier , as though an invisible black hole is spiraling the whole block slowly down into itself . 
 even before i reach the gate in front of number 237 , i know that the house will be empty . 
 the certainty is lodged like a hard weight between my lungs . 
 but i still stand stupidly in the middle of the sidewalk , staring up at the now-abandoned building-my home , my old house , the little bedroom on the top floor , the smells of soap and laundry and cooked tomato-taking in the peeling paint and the rotting porch steps , the boarded-up windows , the faded red x spray-painted on the door , marking the house as condemned . 
 i feel as if i 've been punched in the stomach . 
 aunt carol was always so proud of the house . 
 she would n't let a single season go by without repainting , cleaning out the gutters , scrubbing the porch . 
 then the grief is replaced by panic . 
 where did they go ? 
 what happened to grace ? 
 in the distance , the foghorn bellows , sounding like a funeral song . 
 i start , and recall suddenly where i am : in a foreign , hostile city . 
 it is no longer my place ; i am not welcome here . 
 the foghorn blows a second , and then a third time . 
 the signal means that all three bombs have been successfully dropped ; that gives us an hour until they blow and all hell breaks loose . 
 that gives me only an hour to find her-and i have no idea where to begin . 
 a window bangs shut behind me . 
 i turn just in time to see a white-moon worried face-looks like mrs. hendrickson-disappear from view . 
 one thing is obvious : i need to move . 
 i duck my head and continue hurriedly down the road , turning as soon as i see a narrow alley between buildings . 
 i 'm moving blindly now , hoping that my feet will carry me in the right direction . 
 grace , grace , grace . 
 i pray that she might somehow hear me . 
 blindly : across mellen , toward yet another alley , a black gaping mouth , a place of sideways shadows to conceal me . 
 grace , where are you ? 
 in my head , i 'm screaming it-screaming so loudly it swallows up everything else and whites out the sound of the approaching car . 
 and then , out of nowhere , it 's there : the engine ticking and panting , the window reflecting light in my eyes , blinding me , the squealing wheels as the driver tries to stop . 
 then pain , and a sensation of tumbling-i think i 'm going to die ; i see the sky revolving above me , i see alex 's face , smiling-and then i feel the hard bite of pavement underneath me . 
 the air gets knocked out of me and i roll over onto my back , my lungs stuttering , fighting for air . 
 for a confused moment , watching the blue sky above me , strung taut and high between the roofs of the buildings , i forget where i am . 
 i feel like i 'm floating , drifting across a surface of blue water . 
 all i know is i 'm not dead . 
 my body is still mine : i twitch my hands and flex my feet just to be sure . 
 miraculously , i managed to avoid hitting my head . 
 doors slam . 
 voices are shouting . 
 i remember that i need to move-i need to get to my feet . 
 grace . 
 but before i can do anything , hands grab me roughly by the arms , haul me to my feet . 
 everything is coming to me in flashes . 
 dark black suits . 
 guns . 
 mean faces . 
 very bad . 
 instinct takes over , and i begin twisting and kicking . 
 i bite down on the hand of the guard who is gripping me , but he does n't release me , and another guard steps forward and slaps me in the face . 
 the blow stings and sends a fiery explosion across my vision . 
 i spit blindly at him . 
 another guard-there are three of them-aims his gun at my head . 
 his eyes are as black and cold as cut stone , full of not hatred-cureds do n't hate , cureds do n't hate and they do n't care , either-but disgust , as though i am a particularly disgusting brand of insect , and i know then that i will die . 
 i 'm sorry , alex. and julian , too . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry , grace . 
 i close my eyes . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i open my eyes . 
 a girl is emerging from the backseat . 
 she is dressed in the white muslin of a new bride . 
 her hair is elaborately knotted and curled around her head , and her procedural scar has been highlighted with makeup , so it looks like a little colored star just beneath her left ear . 
 she is beautiful ; she looks just like the paintings of angels we used to see in church . 
 then her eyes land on me , and my stomach wrenches . 
 the ground opens underneath me . 
 i can hardly trust myself to stand . 
 `` lena , '' she says calmly . 
 it is more of an announcement than a greeting . 
 i ca n't bring myself to speak . 
 i ca n't say her name , even though it screams , echoing , through my head . 
 hana . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 hana turns toward me . 
 these are the first words i have managed to say to her . 
 for a second she registers surprise , and something else , too . 
 pleasure ? 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 her expressions are different , and i ca n't read her face anymore . 
 `` my house , '' she says after a brief pause . 
 i could laugh out loud . 
 she 's so ridiculously calm ; she could be inviting me over to surf lamm for music , or curl up on her couch and watch a movie . 
 `` you 're not going to turn me in ? '' 
 my voice is sarcastic . 
 i know she 's going to turn me in ; i knew it the moment i saw the scar , saw the flatness behind her eyes , like a pool that has lost all its depth . 
 either she does n't detect the challenge or she chooses to ignore it . 
 `` i will , '' she says simply . 
 `` but not yet . '' 
 an expression flickers across her face-a momentary uncertainty-and she seems about to say something else . 
 instead she turns back to the window , chewing her lower lip . 
 that bothers me , the lip-chewing . 
 it is a break in her surface of calm , a ripple i did n't expect . 
 it 's the old hana peeking out of this shiny new version , and it makes my stomach cramp again . 
 i 'm overwhelmed by the momentary urge to throw my arms around her , to inhale her smell-two dabs of vanilla at the elbows , and jasmine on her neck-to tell her how much i 've missed her . 
 just in time , she catches me staring at her and presses her mouth firmly into a line . 
 and i remind myself that the old hana is gone . 
 she probably does n't even smell the same . 
 she has n't asked me a single question about what has happened to me , where i 've been , how i came to be in portland , streaked with blood and wearing dirt-encrusted clothing . 
 she has barely looked at me at all , and when she does , it is with a vague , detached curiosity , as though i 'm a strange animal species in a zoo . 
 i 'm expecting us to turn toward west end , but instead we head off-peninsula . 
 hana must have moved . 
 the houses here are even larger and statelier than in her old neighborhood . 
 i do n't know why i 'm surprised . 
 that is one thing i have learned during my time with the resistance . 
 the cure is about control . 
 it 's about structure . 
 and the rich get richer and richer , while the poor get squeezed into narrow alleys and cramped apartments , and told they are being protected , and promised they will be rewarded in heaven for obedience . 
 servitude is called safety . 
 we turn onto a street lined with ancient-looking maple trees , whose branches embrace overhead to form a canopy . 
 a street sign flashes by : essex street . 
 my stomach gives another violent twist . 
 88 essex street is where pippa has planted the bomb . 
 how long has it been since the foghorn blew ? 
 ten minutes ? 
 fifteen ? 
 sweat is pooling under my arms . 
 i scan the mailboxes as we pass . 
 one of these homes-one of these glorious white houses , crowned like cakes with latticework and cupolas , ringed with wide white porches and set back from the street on vivid green lawns-is going to blow in less than an hour . 
 the car slows to a stop in front of ornate iron gates . 
 the driver leans out his window to punch a code into a keypad , and the gates whir smoothly open . 
 it reminds me of julian 's old house in new york city , and amazes me still : all this power , all this energy flowing and pumping to a handful of people . 
 hana is still staring impassively out the window , and i have the sudden urge to reach out and drive my fist through her image as it is reflected there . 
 she has no idea what the rest of the world is like . 
 she has never seen hardship or been without food , without heat or comfort . 
 i 'm amazed that she could ever have been my best friend . 
 we were always living in two separate worlds ; i was just stupid enough to believe it did n't matter . 
 towering hedges surround the car on both sides , flanking a short drive that leads to another monstrous house . 
 it is larger than any we have seen thus far . 
 an iron number is nailed above the front door . 
 88 . 
 for an instant , my vision goes black . 
 i blink . 
 but the number is still there . 
 88 essex street . 
 the bomb is here . 
 sweat tickles my lower back . 
 it does n't make any sense ; the other bombs are planted downtown , in municipal buildings , like they were last year . 
 `` you live here ? '' 
 i say to hana . 
 she is getting out of the car , still with that same infuriating calm , as though we 're on a social visit . 
 once again , she hesitates . 
 `` it 's fred 's house , '' she says . 
 `` i guess we share it now . '' 
 when i stare at her , she amends , `` fred hargrove . 
 he 's mayor . '' 
 i had completely forgotten that hana was paired with fred hargrove . 
 we 'd heard rumors through the resistance that hargrove senior had been killed during the incidents . 
 fred must have taken his father 's place . 
 now it begins to make sense that a bomb was planted in his home ; nothing is more symbolic than striking the leader directly . 
 but we 've miscalculated-it is n't fred who will be at home . 
 it 's hana . 
 my mouth feels dry and itchy . 
 one of her goons tries to grab me and force me out of the car , and i wrench away from him . 
 `` i 'm not going to run , '' i practically spit , and slide out of the car on my own . 
 i know i would n't get more than three feet before they opened fire . 
 i 'll have to watch carefully , and think , and look for an opportunity to escape . 
 no way am i going to be within three blocks of this place when it blows . 
 hana has preceded us up the porch steps . 
 she waits , her back to me , until one of the guards steps forward and opens the door . 
 i feel a rush of hatred for this brittle , spoiled girl , with her spotless white linens and her vast rooms . 
 inside , it 's surprisingly dark , full of lots of polished , dark oak and leather . 
 most of the windows are half-obscured by elaborate drapery and velvet curtains . 
 hana starts to lead me into the living room , and then thinks better of it . 
 she continues down the hall without bothering to switch on the light , turning back only once to look at me with an expression i ca n't decipher , and finally leads me through two swinging doors and into the kitchen . 
 this room , in contrast with the rest of the house , is very bright . 
 large windows face out over an enormous backyard . 
 the wood here is shaved pine or ash , soft and nearly white , and the counters are spotless white marble . 
 the guards follow us into the room . 
 hana turns to them . 
 `` leave us , '' she says . 
 illuminated by the slanted sunlight , which makes it appear as if she is glowing slightly , she once again looks like an angel . 
 i 'm struck by her stillness , and by the quietness of the house , its cleanliness and beauty . 
 and somewhere in its underbelly , buried deep , a tumor is growing , ticking toward its eventual explosion . 
 the guard who was driving-the one who had me in a headlock earlier-makes noises of protest , but hana silences him quickly . 
 `` i said , leave us . '' 
 for a second , the old hana resurges ; i see the defiance in her eyes , the imperial tilt of her chin . 
 `` and close the doors behind you . '' 
 the guards file out reluctantly . 
 i can feel the weight of their stares , and i know that if hana were not here , i would already be dead . 
 but i refuse to feel grateful to her . 
 i wo n't . 
 when they are gone , hana stares at me for a minute in silence . 
 her expression is unreadable . 
 finally she says , `` you 're too skinny . '' 
 i could almost laugh . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 the restaurants in the wilds are mostly closed . 
 they 're mostly bombed , actually . '' 
 i do n't bother keeping the edge out of my voice . 
 she does n't react . 
 she just keeps watching me . 
 another beat of silence passes . 
 then she gestures to the table . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 `` i 'd rather stand , thanks . '' 
 hana frowns . 
 `` you can treat that as an order . '' 
 i do n't really think that she 'll call the guards back if i refuse to sit , but there 's no point in risking it . 
 i slide into a chair , glaring at her the whole time . 
 but i ca n't get comfortable . 
 it has been twenty minutes at least since the foghorn blew . 
 that means i have less than forty minutes to get out of here . 
 as soon as i sit , hana whirls around and disappears into the back of the kitchen , where a dark gap beyond the refrigerator indicates a pantry . 
 before i can think of escape , she reemerges , carrying a loaf of bread wrapped in a tea towel . 
 she stands at the counter and slices off thick hunks , slathering them in butter and piling them high onto a plate . 
 then she moves to the sink and wets the tea towel . 
 watching her turn on the faucet , watching the steaming water that appears instantly , i am filled with envy . 
 it has been forever since i 've had a proper shower , or gotten to clean myself except in frigid rivers . 
 `` here . '' 
 she passes me the hot towel . 
 `` you 're a mess . '' 
 `` i did n't have time to do my makeup , '' i reply sarcastically . 
 but i take the towel anyway , and touch it gingerly to my ear . 
 i 've stopped bleeding , at least , although the towel comes back flecked with dried blood . 
 i keep my eyes on her as i wipe off my face and hands . 
 i wonder what she is thinking . 
 she slides the plate of bread in front of me when i 've finished with the towel , and fills a glass with water , along with real ice cubes , five of them rattling joyfully together . 
 `` eat , '' she says . 
 `` drink . '' 
 `` i 'm not hungry , '' i lie . 
 she rolls her eyes , and once again i see the old hana float up into this new impostor . 
 `` do n't be stupid . 
 of course you 're hungry . 
 you 're starving . 
 you 're probably dying of thirst , too . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 hana opens her mouth and then closes it again . 
 `` we were friends , '' she says . 
 `` were , '' i say firmly . 
 `` now we 're enemies . '' 
 `` are we ? '' 
 hana looks startled , as though the idea has never occurred to her . 
 once again , i feel a flicker of unease , a squirming feeling of guilt . 
 something is n't right . 
 i force the feelings down . 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 hana watches me for a second more . 
 then , abruptly , she gets up from the table and moves over to the windows . 
 once her back is to me , i quickly take a piece of bread and stuff it in my mouth , eating as quickly as i can without choking . 
 i wash it down with a long slug of water , so cold it brings a blazing , delicious pain to my head . 
 for a long time , hana does n't say anything . 
 i eat another piece of bread . 
 she can no doubt hear me chewing , but she does n't comment on it or turn around . 
 she allows me to keep up the pretense that i am not eating , and i experience a brief burst of gratitude . 
 `` i 'm sorry about alex , '' she says at last , still without turning . 
 my stomach gives an uncomfortable twist . 
 too much ; too quickly . 
 `` he did n't die . '' 
 my voice sounds overloud . 
 i do n't know why i feel the urge to tell her . 
 but i need her to know that her side , her people , did n't win , at least not in this case . 
 even though of course , in some ways , they did . 
 she turns around . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he did n't die , '' i repeat . 
 `` he was thrown into the crypts . '' 
 hana flinches , as though i 've reached out and slapped her . 
 she sucks her lower lip into her mouth again and starts chewing . 
 `` i - '' she stops herself , frowning a little . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i know that face ; i recognize it . 
 she knows something . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` nothing , i ... '' she shakes her head , as though to dislodge an idea there . 
 `` i thought i saw him . '' 
 my stomach surges into my throat . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` here . '' 
 she looks at me with another one of her inscrutable expressions . 
 the new hana is much harder to read than the old one . 
 `` last night . 
 but if he 's in the crypts ... '' `` he 's not . 
 he escaped . '' 
 hana , the light , the kitchen-even the bomb ticking quietly underneath us , moving us slowly toward oblivion-suddenly seem far away . 
 as soon as hana suggests it , i see that it makes sense . 
 alex was all alone . 
 he would have gone back to familiar territory . 
 alex could be here-somewhere in portland . 
 close . 
 maybe there 's hope after all . 
 if i can only get out of here . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i push up from the chair . 
 `` are you going to call the regulators , or what ? '' 
 even as i 'm talking , i 'm planning . 
 i could probably take her down , if it comes to it , but the idea of attacking her makes me uneasy . 
 and she 'll no doubt put up a fight . 
 by the time i get the better of her , the guards will be on top of us . 
 but if i can get her out of the kitchen for even a few seconds-i 'll put the chair through the window , cut through the garden , try to lose the guards in the trees . 
 the garden probably backs up onto another street ; if not , i 'll have to loop around to essex . 
 it 's a long shot , but it 's a chance . 
 hana watches me steadily . 
 the clock above the stove seems to be moving at record speed , and i imagine the timer on the bomb ticking forward as well . 
 `` i want to apologize to you , '' she says calmly . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 for what ? '' 
 i do n't have time for this . 
 we do n't have time for this . 
 i push away thoughts of what will happen to hana even if i manage to escape . 
 she 'll be here , in the house ... my stomach is clenching and unclenching . 
 i 'm worried the bread will come straight back up . 
 i have to stay focused . 
 what happens to hana is n't my concern , and it is n't my fault , either . 
 `` for telling the regulators about 37 brooks , '' she says . 
 `` for telling them about you and alex. '' just like that , my brain powers down . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i told them . '' 
 she lets out a tiny exhalation , as though saying the words has given her relief . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was jealous . '' 
 i ca n't speak . 
 i 'm swimming through a fog . 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 i manage to spit out . 
 `` i-i wanted what you had with alex. i was confused . 
 i did n't understand what i was doing . '' 
 she shakes her head again . 
 i have a swinging , seasick feeling . 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 hana-golden girl hana , my best friend , fearless and reckless . 
 i trusted her . 
 i loved her . 
 `` you were my best friend . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 again she looks troubled , as though trying to recall the meaning of the words . 
 `` you had everything . '' 
 i ca n't stop my voice from rising . 
 the anger is vibrating , ripping through me like a live current . 
 `` perfect life . 
 perfect grades . 
 everything . '' 
 i gesture to the spotless kitchen , to the sunshine pouring over the marble counters like drizzled butter . 
 `` i had nothing . 
 he was my one thing . 
 my only - '' the sickness surges up and i take a step forward , clenching my fists , blind with rage . 
 `` why could n't you let me have it ? 
 why did you have to take it ? 
 why did you always take everything ? '' 
 `` i told you i was sorry , '' hana says again mechanically . 
 i could shriek with laughter . 
 i could cry , or tear her eyes out . 
 instead i reach out and slap her . 
 the current flows down into my hand , into my arm , before i know what i am doing . 
 the noise is unexpectedly loud , and for a moment i 'm sure the guards will burst through the door . 
 but no one comes . 
 instantly , hana 's face begins to redden . 
 but she does n't cry out . 
 she does n't make a sound . 
 in the silence , i can hear my own breathing-ragged and desperate . 
 i feel tears pushing at the back of my eyes . 
 i 'm ashamed and angry and sick all at once . 
 hana turns slowly back to face me . 
 she almost looks sad . 
 `` i deserved that , '' she says . 
 suddenly i am overcome with exhaustion . 
 i am tired of fighting , of hitting and being hit . 
 this is the strange way of the world , that people who simply want to love are instead forced to become warriors . 
 it 's the upside-down nature of life . 
 it 's all i can do not to collapse into a chair again . 
 `` i felt terrible afterward , '' hana says in a voice hardly above a whisper . 
 `` you should know that . 
 that 's why i helped you escape . 
 i felt '' - hana searches for the right word - `` remorse . '' 
 `` what about now ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 hana lifts a shoulder . 
 `` now i 'm cured , '' she says . 
 `` it 's different . '' 
 `` different how ? '' 
 for a split second , i wish-more than anything , more than breathing-that i had stayed here , with her , that i had let the knife fall . 
 `` i feel freer , '' she says . 
 whatever i was expecting her to say , it is n't this . 
 she must sense that i 'm surprised , because she goes on . 
 `` everything 's kind of ... muffled . 
 like hearing sounds underwater . 
 i do n't have to feel things for other people so much . '' 
 one side of her mouth quirks into a smile . 
 `` maybe , like you said , i never did . '' 
 my head has started to ache . 
 over . 
 it 's all over . 
 i just want to curl up in a ball and go to sleep . 
 `` i did n't mean that . 
 you did . 
 feel things , i mean , for other people . 
 you used to . '' 
 i 'm not sure she hears me . 
 she says , almost as an afterthought , `` i do n't have to listen to anybody anymore . '' 
 something in her tone is off-triumphant , almost . 
 when i look at her , she smiles . 
 i wonder whether she 's thinking of anyone in particular . 
 there is the sound of a door opening and closing and the bark of a man 's voice . 
 hana 's whole face changes . 
 she gets serious again in an instant . 
 `` fred , '' she says . 
 she crosses quickly to the swinging doors behind me and pokes her head into the hall tentatively . 
 then she whirls around to face me , suddenly breathless . 
 `` come on , '' she says . 
 `` quick , while he 's in the study . '' 
 `` come on where ? '' 
 i say . 
 hana looks momentarily irritated . 
 `` the back door leads onto the porch . 
 from there you can cut through the garden and onto dennett . 
 that will take you back to brighton . 
 quickly , '' she adds . 
 `` if he sees you , he 'll kill you . '' 
 i 'm so shocked that for a moment i just stand there , gaping at her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` why are you helping me ? '' 
 hana smiles again , but her eyes stay cloudy and unreadable . 
 `` you said it yourself . 
 i was your best friend . '' 
 all at once , my energy returns . 
 she 's going to let me go . 
 before she can change her mind , i move toward her . 
 she presses her back against one of the swinging doors , keeping it open for me , poking her head into the hall every few seconds to make sure the coast is clear . 
 just as i 'm about to scoot past her , i stop . 
 jasmine and vanilla . 
 she still wears it after all . 
 she does smell the same . 
 `` hana , '' i say . 
 i 'm standing so close to her , i can see the gold threaded through the blue of her eyes . 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` there 's a bomb . '' 
 she jerks back a fraction of an inch . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i do n't have time to regret what i 'm saying . 
 `` here . 
 somewhere in the house . 
 get out of here , okay ? 
 get yourself out . '' 
 she 'll take fred , too , and the explosion will be a failure , but i do n't care . 
 i loved hana once , and she is helping me now . 
 i owe this to her . 
 once again , her expression is unreadable . 
 `` how much time ? '' 
 she asks abruptly . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` ten , fifteen minutes tops . '' 
 she nods to show that she has understood . 
 i move past her , into the darkness of the hallway . 
 she stays where she is , pressed against the swinging doors , rigid as a statue . 
 she lifts her chin toward the back door . 
 just as i 'm placing a hand on a door handle , she calls to me in a whisper . 
 `` i almost forgot . '' 
 she moves toward me , her dress rustling , and for a moment i am struck by the impression that she is a ghost . 
 `` grace is in the highlands . 
 31 wynnewood road . 
 they 're living there now . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 somewhere , deep inside this stranger , my best friend is buried . 
 `` hana - '' i start to say . 
 she cuts me off . 
 `` do n't thank me , '' she says in a low voice . 
 `` just go . '' 
 impulsively , without thinking about what i am doing , i reach out and seize her hand . 
 two long pulses , two short ones . 
 our old signal . 
 hana looks startled ; then , slowly , her face relaxes . 
 for just one second , she shines as though lit up by a torch from within . 
 `` i remember ... . '' 
 she whispers . 
 a door slams somewhere . 
 hana wrenches away , looking suddenly afraid . 
 she pivots me around and pushes me toward the door . 
 `` go , '' she says , and i do . 
 i do n't look back . 
 hana i have counted thirty-three seconds on the clock when fred bursts into the kitchen , red-faced . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 his armpits are wet with sweat , and his hair-so carefully combed and gelled at the ceremony-is a mess . 
 i 'm tempted to ask him who he means , but i know it will only infuriate him . 
 `` escaped , '' i say . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 marcus told me - '' `` she hit me , '' i say . 
 i hope that lena left a mark when she slapped me . 
 `` i-i cracked my head on the wall . 
 she ran . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 fred rakes a hand through his hair , steps out into the hall , and bellows for the guards . 
 then he turns back to me . 
 `` why the hell did n't you let marcus take care of it ? 
 why were you alone with her in the first place ? '' 
 `` i wanted information , '' i say . 
 `` i thought she was more likely to give it to me alone . '' 
 `` shit , '' fred says again . 
 the more worked up he gets , strangely , the calmer i feel . 
 `` what 's going on , fred ? '' 
 he kicks a chair suddenly , sending it skittering across the kitchen . 
 `` goddamn chaos , that 's what 's going on . '' 
 he ca n't stop moving ; he clenches his fist , and for a moment , i think he might go for me , just to have something to punch . 
 `` there must be a thousand people rioting . 
 some of them invalids . 
 some of them just kids . 
 stupid , stupid ... . 
 if they knew - '' he breaks off as his guards come jogging down the hall . 
 `` she let the girl get away , '' fred says , without giving them a chance to ask what 's wrong . 
 the scorn in his voice is obvious . 
 `` she hit me , '' i repeat again . 
 i can feel marcus staring at me . 
 i deliberately avoid his eyes . 
 he ca n't possibly know that i let lena escape . 
 i gave no indication that i knew her ; i was careful not to look at her in the car . 
 when marcus 's eyes pass back to fred , i allow myself to exhale . 
 `` what do you want us to do ? '' 
 marcus asks . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 fred rubs his forehead . 
 `` i need to think . 
 goddamn . 
 i need to think . '' 
 `` the girl bragged about reinforcements on essex , '' i say . 
 `` she said there was an invalid posted at every house on the street . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 fred stands still for a moment , staring out at the backyard . 
 then he rolls his shoulders back . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll call down to 1-1-1 for reinforcements . 
 in the meantime , get out there and start combing the streets . 
 look for movement in the trees . 
 let 's rout as many of these little shits as we can . 
 i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 marcus and bill disappear into the hall . 
 fred picks up the phone . 
 i put a hand on his arm . 
 he turns to me , annoyed , and hangs up . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he practically spits . 
 `` do n't go out there , fred , '' i say . 
 `` please . 
 the girl said-the girl said the others were armed . 
 she said they 'd open fire if you so much as put your head out the door - '' `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 he jerks away from me . 
 `` please , '' i repeat . 
 i close my eyes and think a brief prayer to god . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 `` it 's not worth it , fred . 
 we need you . 
 stay inside . 
 let the police do their jobs . 
 promise me you wo n't leave the house . '' 
 a muscle flexes in his jaw . 
 a long moment passes . 
 at every second , i keep expecting the blast : a tornado of wooden shrapnel , a roaring tunnel of fire . 
 i wonder if it will hurt . 
 god forgive me , for i have sinned . 
 `` all right , '' fred says at last . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 he lifts up the receiver again . 
 `` just stay out of the way . 
 i do n't want you screwing anything up . '' 
 `` i 'll be upstairs , '' i tell him . 
 he has already turned his back to me . 
 i pass into the hall , letting the swinging doors close behind me . 
 i can hear the muffled sound of his voice through the wood . 
 any minute now , the inferno . 
 i think about going upstairs , into what would have been my room . 
 i could lie down and close my eyes ; i 'm almost tired enough to sleep . 
 but instead i ease the back door open , cross the porch , and go down into the garden , being careful to stay out of sight of the large kitchen windows . 
 the air smells like spring , like wet earth and new growth . 
 birds call in the trees . 
 wet grass clings to my ankles , and dirties the hem of my wedding dress . 
 the trees enfold me , and then i can no longer see the house . 
 i will not stay to watch it burn . 
 lena the highlands are burning . 
 i smell the fire well before i get there , and when i 'm still a quarter-mile away , i can see the smudge of smoke above the trees , and flames licking up from the old , weather-beaten roofs . 
 on harmon road , i spotted an open garage and a rusted bike mounted on the wall like a hunter 's trophy . 
 even though the bike is a piece of crap , and the gears groan and protest whenever i try to adjust them , it 's better than nothing . 
 i actually do n't mind the noise-the rattling of the chains or the hard ringing of the wind in my ears . 
 it keeps me from thinking of hana , and from trying to understand what happened . 
 it drowns out her voice in my head , saying , go . 
 it does n't drown out the blast , though , or the sirens that follow afterward . 
 i can hear them even when i have made it almost all the way to the highlands , cresting like screams . 
 i hope she got out . 
 i say a prayer that she did , although i no longer know who i 'm praying to . 
 and then i 'm in the highlands , and i can think only of grace . 
 the first thing i see is the fire , which is leaping from house to house , from tree to roof to wall . 
 whoever set the fire did it deliberately , systematically . 
 the first group of invalids breached the fence not far from here ; this must be the work of regulators . 
 the second thing i notice is the people : people running through the trees , bodies indistinct in the smoke . 
 this startles me . 
 when i lived in portland , deering highlands was deserted , cleared out after accusations of the disease made it a wasteland . 
 i have n't had time to think about what it means that grace and my aunt are living here now , or consider that others might have made their home here as well . 
 i try to pick out familiar faces as they blur past me , darting through the trees , shouting . 
 i ca n't see anything but form and color , people holding bundles of their belongings in their arms . 
 children are wailing , and my heart stops : any one of them could be grace . 
 little grace , who barely made a sound-she could be shrieking in the half dark somewhere . 
 a hot , electric feeling is pulsing through me , as though the flames have made their way into my blood . 
 i 'm trying to remember the layout of the highlands , but my mind is full of static : an image of 37 brooks , of the blanket in the garden and the trees lit gold by the dipping sun , keeps playing there . 
 i hit edgewood and know i 've gone too far . 
 i turn around , coughing , and retrace my path . 
 the air is full of cracking , thunderbolt crashes : whole houses are engulfed , standing like shivering ghosts , burning white-hot , doors gaping , skin melting from flesh . 
 please , please , please . 
 the word drills through my head . 
 please . 
 then i spot the sign for wynnewood road : a short three-block street , fortunately . 
 here the fire has not spread so far and remains caught up in the tangled canopy of trees , and skating over the roofs , an ever-growing crown of white and orange . 
 by now , the people in the trees have thinned , but i keep thinking i hear children crying-ghostly , wailing echoes . 
 i 'm sweating , and my eyes are burning . 
 when i ditch the bike , i struggle to catch my breath . 
 i bring my shirt to my face and try to breathe through it as i jog down the street . 
 half the houses do n't have any visible numbers . 
 i know that in all probability , grace has fled . 
 i hope she was one of the people i saw moving through the trees , but i ca n't shake the fear that she might be trapped somewhere , that aunt carol and uncle william and jenny might have left her behind . 
 she was always curling up in corners and hiding in hidden , recessed spaces , trying to make herself as invisible as possible . 
 a faded mailbox indicates number 31 , a sad , sagging house , smoke churning out of its upper windows , flames licking across its weather-beaten roof . 
 then i see her-or at least i think i do . 
 just for a second , i swear i see her face , pale as a flame , in one of the windows . 
 but before i can call out , she vanishes . 
 i take a deep breath and dart across the lawn and up the half-rotted steps . 
 i stop just inside the front door , momentarily dizzy . 
 i recognize the furniture-the faded striped couch , the rug with its singed tassels , and the stain on the old red throw pillows where jenny spilled her grape juice , still barely visible-from my old house , aunt carol 's place on cumberland . 
 i feel as though i 've stumbled directly into the past , but a warped past : a past that smells like smoke and wet wallpaper , with rooms that have been distorted . 
 i go from room to room , calling out to grace , checking behind furniture and in the closets of several rooms that are totally vacant . 
 this house is much larger than our old one , and there is not nearly enough stuff to fill it . 
 she is gone . 
 maybe she was never here-maybe i only imagined her face . 
 upstairs is black with smoke . 
 i can only make it halfway to the landing when i am forced back downstairs , heaving and coughing . 
 now the front rooms , too , are on fire . 
 cheap shower curtains are tacked to the windows . 
 they go up in one lick , letting off the stink of plastic . 
 i back into the kitchen , feeling like a giant has its fist around my chest , needing to get out , needing to breathe . 
 i heave my shoulder into the back door-swollen with heat , it resists-and finally go stumbling into the backyard , coughing , eyes watering . 
 i 'm not thinking anymore ; my feet are moving me automatically away from the fire , toward clean air , away , when i feel a shooting pain in my foot and i am falling . 
 i hit the ground and look back to see what has tripped me : a door handle , a cellar , half-obscured by the long grass on either side of it . 
 i do n't know what makes me reach back and wrench open the door-instinct , maybe , or superstition . 
 a set of steep wood stairs runs down to a small underground cellar , roughly hacked out of the earth . 
 the tiny room is fitted with shelves , and stocked with cans of food . 
 several glass bottles-soda , maybe-are lined up on the ground . 
 she 's squeezed so far into a corner , i almost miss her . 
 luckily , before i can close the door again , she shifts , and one of her sneakers comes into view , illuminated in the smoky red light pouring in from above . 
 the shoes are new , but i recognize the purple laces , which she colored in herself . 
 `` grace . '' 
 my voice is hoarse . 
 i ease down onto the top step . 
 as my eyes adjust to the dimness , grace floats into focus-taller than she was eight months ago , thinner and dirtier , too-crouched in the corner , staring at me with wild , terrified eyes . 
 `` grace , it 's me . '' 
 i reach out to her , but she does n't move . 
 i ease myself down a step farther , reluctant to go into the cellar and try to grab her . 
 she was always fast ; i 'm afraid she 'll duck and run . 
 my heart is throbbing painfully in my throat , and my mouth tastes like smoke . 
 there 's a sharp , pungent smell in the cellar i ca n't identify . 
 i focus on grace , on getting her to move . 
 `` it 's me , grace , '' i try again . 
 i can only imagine what i must look like to her , how changed i must appear . 
 `` it 's lena . 
 your cousin lena . '' 
 she stiffens , as though i 've reached out and shocked her . 
 `` lena ? '' 
 she whispers , her voice awed . 
 but still she does n't move . 
 above us , there is a thunderous crash . 
 a tree branch , or a piece of the roof . 
 i have a sudden terror that we will be buried in here if we do n't move now . 
 the house will collapse , we 'll be trapped . 
 `` come on , gracie , '' i say , invoking an old nickname . 
 the back of my neck is sweaty . 
 `` we 've got to go , okay ? '' 
 at last grace moves . 
 she strikes out clumsily with a foot , and i hear the tinkle of glass breaking . 
 the smell intensifies , burning the inside of my nostrils , and suddenly i place it . 
 gas . 
 `` i did n't mean to , '' grace says , her voice high-pitched , shrill with panic . 
 she is crouching now , and i watch a dark stain of liquid spread on the packed dirt floor around her . 
 the terror is huge now : it presses me from all sides . 
 `` grace , come on , sweetie . '' 
 i try to keep the panic from my voice . 
 `` come take my hand . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to ! '' 
 she starts to cry . 
 i scuttle down the last few steps and grab her , heaving her up onto my waist . 
 she is awkward , too big for me to carry comfortably , but surprisingly light . 
 she wraps her legs around my waist . 
 i can feel her ribs and the sharp points of her hip bones . 
 her hair smells like grease and oil and-faintly , just faintly-like dish soap . 
 up the stairs and into the world of flame and fire , air turned watery , shimmering with heat , as though the world is breaking apart into a mirage . 
 it would be faster to set grace down and let her run next to me , but now that i have her-now that she is here , clinging to me , her heart beating frantically in her chest , pounding its rhythm into mine-i wo n't let her go . 
 the bike is where i left it , thank god . 
 grace maneuvers clumsily onto the seat , and i squeeze on behind her . 
 i shove off down the street , my legs heavy as stone , until momentum begins to carry us ; and then i ride , as fast as i can , away from the fingers of smoke and flame , leaving the highlands to burn . 
 hana i walk without paying attention to where i am or where i am going . 
 one foot in front of the other , my white shoes slapping quietly against the pavement . 
 in the distance , i can hear the roar of shouting voices . 
 the sun is bright , and feels nice on my shoulders . 
 a breeze lifts the trees silently , and they bow and wave , bow and wave , as i pass . 
 one foot , and then another foot . 
 it 's so simple . 
 the sun is so bright . 
 what will happen to me ? 
 i do n't know . 
 maybe i will come across someone who recognizes me . 
 maybe i will be brought back to my parents . 
 maybe , if the world does n't end , if fred is now dead , i will be paired with someone else . 
 or maybe i will keep walking until i reach the end of the world . 
 maybe . 
 but for now there is only the high white sun , and the sky , and tendrils of gray smoke , and voices that sound like ocean waves in the distance . 
 there is the slapping of my shoes , and the trees that seem to nod and tell me , you 're okay . 
 everything will be okay . 
 maybe , after all , they are right . 
 lena as we get close to back cove , the trickle of people swells to a roaring , rushing stream , and i can barely maneuver my bike between them . 
 they are running , shouting , waving hammers and knives and pieces of metal piping , surging toward some unknown location , and i 'm surprised to see that it is n't just invalids rioting anymore : it is kids , too , some as young as twelve and thirteen , uncured and angry . 
 i even spot a few cureds watching from their windows above the street , occasionally waving , a show of solidarity . 
 i break loose of the crowd and bump the bike onto the churned-mud shores of the cove , where alex and i made our stand a lifetime ago-where for the first time , he traded his happiness for mine . 
 grass grows high between the rubble of the old road , and people-injured or dead-are lying in the grass , letting out moans or staring sightlessly at the cloudless sky . 
 i see several bodies facedown in the shallows of the cove , and tendrils of red sweeping across the surface of the water . 
 past the cove , at the wall , the crowd is still thick , but it looks like mostly our people . 
 the regulators and police must have been driven back , farther toward old port . 
 now thousands of rioters are flowing in that direction , their voices unified , a single note of fury . 
 i ditch the bike in the shade of a large juniper and , at last , take grace by the shoulders , examine her all over for cuts or bruises . 
 she is shaking , wide-eyed , staring at me as though she believes i 'll disappear any second . 
 `` what happened to the others ? '' 
 i ask . 
 her fingernails are coated with dirt , and she is skinny . 
 but otherwise , she looks okay . 
 more than okay-she looks beautiful . 
 i feel a sob building in my throat , and i swallow it back . 
 we are n't safe , not yet . 
 grace shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there was a fire and ... and i hid . '' 
 so they did leave her . 
 or they did n't care enough to look when she disappeared . 
 i feel a wave of nausea . 
 `` you look different , '' grace says quietly . 
 `` you got taller , '' i say . 
 suddenly i could shout for joy . 
 i could scream with happiness while the whole world burns . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 grace asks me . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you all about it later . '' 
 i take her chin with one hand . 
 `` listen , grace . 
 i want to tell you how sorry i am . 
 i 'm sorry for leaving you behind . 
 i 'll never leave you again , okay ? '' 
 her eyes travel my face . 
 she nods . 
 `` i 'm going to keep you safe now . '' 
 i push the words out past the thickness in my throat . 
 `` do you believe me ? '' 
 she nods again . 
 i pull her to me , squeezing . 
 she feels so thin , so fragile . 
 but i know that she is strong . 
 she always has been . 
 she will be ready for whatever comes next . 
 `` take my hand , '' i tell her . 
 i 'm not certain where to go , and my mind flashes to raven . 
 then i remember that she is gone-murdered at the wall-and the sickness threatens to overwhelm me again . 
 but i have to stay calm for grace 's sake . 
 i need to find a safe place to go with grace until the fighting is done . 
 my mother will help me ; she 'll know what to do . 
 grace 's grip is surprisingly strong . 
 we pick our way along the shoreline , threading between the people-invalids and regulators alike-injured , dying , and dead . 
 at the top of the slope , colin , limping , leans heavily on another boy and makes his way to an empty spot on the grass . 
 the other boy looks up and my heart stops . 
 alex. he sees me almost immediately after i 've spotted him . 
 i want to call out to him , but my voice is caught in my throat . 
 for a second , he hesitates . 
 then he eases colin down into the grass and bends to say something to him . 
 colin nods , gripping his knee , wincing . 
 then alex is jogging toward me . 
 `` alex. '' it 's as though saying his name makes him real . 
 he stops a few inches away from me , and his eyes go to grace , and then back to me . 
 `` this is grace , '' i say , tugging her hand . 
 she hangs back , angling her body behind mine . 
 `` i remember , '' he says . 
 there is no more hardness in his eyes , no more hatred . 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` i thought i 'd never see you again . '' 
 `` here i am . '' 
 the sun feels overly bright , and all of a sudden i can think of nothing to say , no words to describe everything i 've thought and wished and wondered . 
 `` i-i got your note . '' 
 he nods . 
 his mouth tightens just a little . 
 `` is julian ... ? '' 
 `` i do n't know where julian is , '' i say , and then instantly feel guilty . 
 i think of his blue eyes , and his warmth curling around me when i slept . 
 i hope he has not been hurt . 
 i bend down so i can look grace in the eyes . 
 `` sit here for a minute , okay , gracie ? '' 
 she folds herself to the ground obediently . 
 i ca n't bring myself to step more than two paces away from her . 
 alex follows . 
 i lower my voice so grace wo n't hear us . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` is what true ? '' 
 his eyes are the color of honey . 
 these are the eyes i remember from my dreams . 
 `` that you still love me , '' i say , breathless . 
 `` i need to know . '' 
 alex nods . 
 he reaches out and touches my face-barely skimming my cheekbone and brushing away a bit of my hair . 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 `` but ... i 've changed , '' i say . 
 `` and you 've changed . '' 
 `` that 's true too , '' he says quietly . 
 i look at the scar on his face , stretching from his left eye to his jawline , and something hitches in my chest . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 the light is too bright ; the day feels as though it 's merging into dream . 
 `` do you love me ? '' 
 alex asks . 
 and i could cry ; i could press my face into his chest and breathe in , and pretend that nothing has changed , that everything will be perfect and whole and healed again . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i know i ca n't . 
 `` i never stopped . '' 
 i look away from him . 
 i look at grace , and the high grass littered with the wounded and the dead . 
 i think of julian , and his clear blue eyes , his patience and goodness . 
 i think of all the fighting we 've done , and all the fighting we have yet to do . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` but it 's more complicated than that . '' 
 alex reaches out and places his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` i 'm not going to run away again , '' he says . 
 `` i do n't want you to , '' i tell him . 
 his fingers find my cheek , and i rest for a second against his palm , letting the pain of the past few months flow out of me , letting him turn my head toward his . 
 then he bends down and kisses me : light and perfect , his lips just barely meeting mine , a kiss that promises renewal . 
 `` lena ! '' 
 i step away from alex when grace shouts . 
 she has climbed to her feet and is pointing toward the border wall , bouncing excitedly on her toes , full of energy . 
 i turn to look . 
 for a second , tears break apart my vision , turn the world to a kaleidoscope of colors-color crawling up the wall , making a mosaic of the concrete . 
 no . 
 not color : people . 
 people are surging toward the wall . 
 more than that : they are tearing it down . 
 yelling , wild and triumphant , brandishing hammers and bits of the ruined scaffolding , or picking with their bare hands , they are dismantling the wall piece by piece , breaking the boundaries of the world as we know it . 
 joy surges inside me . 
 grace begins to run ; she , too , is pulled toward the wall . 
 `` grace , wait ! '' 
 i start to follow her , and alex grabs my hand . 
 `` i 'll find you , '' he says , watching me with the eyes i remember . 
 `` i wo n't let you go again . '' 
 i do n't trust myself to speak . 
 instead i nod , hoping that he understands me . 
 he squeezes my hand . 
 `` go , '' he says . 
 so i do . 
 grace has paused to wait for me , and i take her thin little hand in mine , and soon i find that we are running : through the sun and the lingering smoke , through the grass on the shores that have become a graveyard , while the sun continues its indifferent rotation and the water reflects nothing but sky . 
 as we approach the wall , i spot hunter and bram , standing side by side , sweating and brown , swinging at the concrete with large pieces of metal piping . 
 i see pippa , standing on a portion of the wall that remains , waving a vivid green shirt like a flag . 
 i see coral ; fierce and beautiful , she passes in and out of view as the crowd surges and shifts around her . 
 several feet away , my mother works with a hammer , swinging easily and gracefully , making it look like a dance : this hard and muscled woman i hardly know , a woman i have loved my whole life . 
 she is alive . 
 we are alive . 
 she will get to meet grace . 
 i see julian , too . 
 he is shirtless , sweating , balancing on a heap of rubble , working the butt of a rifle against the wall , so that it splinters and sends a fine spray of white dust onto the people beneath him . 
 the sun makes his hair blaze like a ring of pale fire , touches his shoulders with white wings . 
 for a second , i feel a sense of overwhelming grief : for how things change , for the fact that we can never go back . 
 i 'm not certain of anything anymore . 
 i do n't know what will happen-to me , to alex and to julian , to any of us . 
 `` come on , lena . '' 
 grace is tugging at my hand . 
 but it 's not about knowing . 
 it is simply about going forward . 
 the cureds want to know ; we have chosen faith instead . 
 i asked grace to trust me . 
 we will have to trust too-that the world wo n't end , that tomorrow will come , and that truth will come too . 
 an old line , a forbidden line from a text raven once showed me , comes back to me now . 
 he who jumps may fall , but he may also fly . 
 it 's time to jump . 
 `` let 's go , '' i say to grace , and let her lead me into the surge of people , keeping a tight hold on her hand the whole time . 
 we push into the shouting , joyful throng , and fight our way up toward the wall . 
 grace scrabbles up a pile of broken-down wood and shards of shattered concrete , and i follow clumsily , until i am balancing next to her . 
 she is shouting-louder than i have ever heard her , a babble-language of joy and freedom-and i find that i join in with her as together we begin to tear at chunks of concrete with our fingernails , watching the border dissolve , watching a new world emerge beyond it . 
 take down the walls . 
 that is , after all , the whole point . 
 you do not know what will happen if you take down the walls ; you can not see through to the other side , do n't know whether it will bring freedom or ruin , resolution or chaos . 
 it might be paradise or destruction . 
 take down the walls . 
 otherwise you must live closely , in fear , building barricades against the unknown , saying prayers against the darkness , speaking verse of terror and tightness . 
 otherwise you may never know hell ; but you will not find heaven , either . 
 you will not know fresh air and flying . 
 all of you , wherever you are : in your spiny cities , or your one-bump towns . 
 find it , the hard stuff , the links of metal and chink , the fragments of stone filling your stomach . 
 and pull , and pull , and pull . 
 i will make a pact with you : i will do it if you will do it , always and forever . 
 take down the walls . 
