 day 3722 i wake up to the sound of footsteps and muffled giggles , and the smell of maple syrup . 
 i wake up to a colorful room , to light , to smiling , singing faces , and the sound of `` happy birthday to you . '' 
 i pull myself up , and a tray is lowered onto my lap . 
 i see a stack of pancakes with a candle set in them . 
 i wait until the end of the song and blow the candle out . 
 today i am a girl named cara , and it 's her tenth birthday . 
 i 'd wonder if it was my own tenth birthday , too , only i find that i have at least a dozen birthdays every year . 
 back when i had no concept of what a year was , i could believe that i was growing at exactly the same pace as whatever body i was in that day . 
 but once i started to count , i knew the math was wrong . 
 you can not have more than one birthday in a year-and as a result , i had to admit that these were other people 's birthdays , not my own . 
 i had wanted to find logic in my life , and that was a mistake . 
 when i was little , i could lose myself in the rapture of unwrapping , the glee of parties and cake and being treated like the center of the world . 
 when the time came for the candles to be blown out , i would make my own wishes , because i felt that 's what was being granted . 
 often , i 'd wish to stay in that day , to have every day be as precious as a birthday . 
 this morning is different , though . 
 i do not bother to wish . 
 if anything , i feel like i am stealing cara 's wish away from her , because she is not here and i am . 
 i pretend i wish , though . 
 because i look at the faces of cara 's parents , her sister , even her brother-and i know that , whatever her wish would be , they too would want it to turn true . 
 some families are like that . 
 it 's a weekday , so soon the parents will have to go to work and the children will have to go to school . 
 i try to hold cara in the halo of their affection for as long as i can , and i hope that when i 'm gone , she will still feel the afterglow . 
 the candle is put aside on the counter and the pancakes are eaten . 
 as the food goes from taste to weight , the morning routine returns . 
 the school bus will not wait for me , even though it 's my birthday . 
 i work hard on the ride to school to access the names and faces of cara 's friends . 
 her mind creates flash cards for me , and i try to memorize them as best as i can . 
 the practice is not in vain , because as soon as i get to the classroom , mrs. richardson announces my birthday and puts a construction-paper crown on the front of my desk . 
 even my fifth-grade enemies respect this . 
 i am queen for the day . 
 i try to enjoy it . 
 the cupcakes at lunch . 
 the excitement about the party on saturday . 
 my two best friends , jodie and michaela , who could n't wait to give me their presents . 
 again , i find myself pretending-and since i am only ten , i do n't fully understand why the pretending also makes me sad . 
 i should be grateful to have a day that 's covered in icing . 
 i should be happy to have so many people happy for me , when all i had to do was get a year older . 
 on the bus ride home , the kids from my class ask me what i 'm going to do tonight , and i tell them i do n't know . 
 the kids who are n't in my class are indifferent , and i almost wish i were sitting with them . 
 i am the first one home , letting myself in with my key . 
 usually , i head straight to the kitchen to get myself a snack-no matter which kitchen , no matter what snacks are available . 
 but i have already eaten enough for one day , so i go straight to my room . 
 once there , i do n't know what to do . 
 i feel like my boredom is cheating cara out of something , that i am sabotaging her new year before it 's even begun . 
 i have no way to articulate this to myself ; it 's just a sensation . 
 my sister , laura , comes home . 
 she is three years older than me , and goes to the middle school . 
 she calls out my name as soon as she gets in the door , and even though i do n't answer , she heads straight to my room . 
 hearing her approach , i try to busy myself , but since none of the toys or books call out to me , i end up making my bed . 
 my door is n't closed , so it 's easy for her to peek in . 
 she takes one look at me tucking a sheet under the mattress and says , `` this is n't acceptable . '' 
 i access our history and get the usual muddle of love and competition that any two sisters share . 
 an epic argument has the same weight in cara 's memory as a single glance of back-seat understanding . 
 `` it 's your birthday , '' laura says . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 what i want is for what i want to actually matter . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her . 
 she gives me a look and does n't even have to say it again : this is n't acceptable . 
 then another look , as she inventories our options . 
 i do n't need to access to understand this look . 
 i 've seen it enough in other older brothers and sisters . 
 finally , she says , `` okay . 
 i 've got it . 
 put on your bathing suit . '' 
 i do as she says , and when she leaves the room , i assume she 's putting on her bathing suit as well . 
 when she comes back , though , she 's still wearing the same sweater and jeans as before . 
 she eyes me , standing there nearly shivering in my one-piece . 
 `` put something on over it ! '' 
 she says , rolling her eyes . 
 as i do , i try to search cara 's mind for clues about what we might be doing-it 's too cold to swim outside . 
 but i ca n't find anything that helps . 
 i 'll just have to trust her . 
 i am expecting us to walk to a community center , or a y . 
 but instead we head up the path to someone 's house . 
 `` do n't be afraid of her , '' laura says as she rings the doorbell . 
 an old lady with steely eyes opens the door . 
 i access cara for a name , and the first thing that comes up is the word witch . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 the woman asks . 
 `` i do n't eat cookies or candy . 
 and all you kids ever seem to sell is cookies or candy . '' 
 laura smiles , like she 's just bumped into a friend at the mall . 
 `` hi , mrs. judge , '' she says . 
 `` today is cara 's birthday . 
 and when she made her wish , she wished she could swim today . 
 so i was wondering ... can we use your pool ? '' 
 mrs. judge turns to me . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 she makes it seem like a trick question . 
 `` ten . '' 
 `` and you desire to swim , more than anything else ? '' 
 i almost look to laura for confirmation . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` more fool you . '' 
 she 's looking at me so intently that it 's almost like she sees the impostor stuck inside of the birthday girl . 
 i dread the recognition , but i also secretly crave it . 
 even at ten . 
 or especially at ten . 
 mrs. judge stands there in front of us , and i ca n't tell if she 's deliberating or if we 're being silently dismissed . 
 laura , undeterred , says , `` please . '' 
 it is not as simple as this word unlocking the gates . 
 i know this . 
 but nonetheless , mrs. judge relents , in her own way . 
 `` do you know where it is ? '' 
 she asks laura . 
 the implication being : have you been spying ? 
 laura shakes her head . 
 mrs. judge must be satisfied by my completely flummoxed look , because she does n't wait for me to shake my head before gesturing us in , closing the door behind us , and leading us into the darkness of her house . 
 the corridors are crowded with bookshelves and trophy cases . 
 there are many photographs of a man in golfing clothes , triumphantly swinging a club . 
 in framed headlines , he 's referred to as horace judge . 
 something about the way the house feels informs me that he died a long time ago . 
 `` i assume you are wearing proper attire ? '' 
 mrs. judge asks as we get to an imposing door . 
 `` under our clothes , '' laura answers . 
 `` and have you brought towels ? '' 
 laura shrugs her backpack on her shoulders . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` do you have your swimming certification ? '' 
 laura nods . 
 i do n't even know what this means . 
 `` good . 
 we ca n't have any drowning , can we ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 she opens the door , and suddenly it 's daylight again , even though the temperature has n't changed . 
 it is a large room , and its ceiling is entirely made of glass . 
 beneath it , a swimming pool waits , its water the color of melted blueberry ice . 
 mrs. judge looks at her watch and tells us we have an hour . 
 laura thanks her , and i thank her , too . 
 we do n't move until she 's gone . 
 `` come on , '' laura says , pulling off her jeans . 
 in no time , we are down to our swimsuits and plunging into the warm water . 
 mrs. judge 's presence hangs in the room , so we do n't splash or even giggle . 
 instead , laura makes like a mermaid , diving underwater and staying under as long as she can . 
 i do the same , eyes open . 
 we start to do it together , circling , using our limbs to call and respond . 
 when we surface , we look at one another briefly , then arc down again . 
 after about ten minutes of this , laura lifts herself into a backstroke . 
 `` free swim ! '' 
 she calls out . 
 this time when i submerge myself , i close my eyes . 
 i let myself be weightless , anonymous . 
 i hear the thrum of the water , feel how it lifts and twists my hair . 
 i am drawn down to my childish , essential heartbeat . 
 i do n't think of it as cara 's . 
 i think of it as my own . 
 i start to swim . 
 i pull myself forward , kick myself forward . 
 to swim is to transform yourself into an unnatural creature , to take on an element that should not be your own . 
 to swim is to experience the world differently , or to experience a different world temporarily . 
 i do not know any of this . 
 i do not think about swimming or what it means . 
 i do not marvel at the fact of swimming , that a human body can do such a thing . 
 instead , i marvel at the sensations . 
 i immerse myself in water because it makes me feel like i , too , am liquid . 
 and then i push against it and feel solid again . 
 i do not have thoughts ; in their place , i have the thrum that the body creates in the absence of thoughts . 
 i feel more like myself than i usually do , because as i swim , i do n't need to fully exist . 
 i lose track of time and time loses track of me . 
 i do n't notice when laura steps out of the pool and dries herself off . 
 i do n't feel her looking at me until i open my mouth at the wrong time and take in too much water . 
 i cough myself back to reality and find her sitting on the edge of the pool , her ankles and feet dangling through the surface . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` we need to go soon . 
 it 's almost an hour . 
 and if mrs. judge thinks we 're not listening to her , we 'll never be allowed in here again . '' 
 the air is chilly after i emerge . 
 laura jumps up and gets me a towel . 
 i dry myself off but can still feel the water clinging to me . 
 it is no longer liquid . 
 now it is a scent , a drying memory , an echo . 
 `` do n't tell them , '' laura says as we head back to our house . 
 i do n't ask her why our parents ca n't know . 
 i only promise that they wo n't . 
 since my friend party is n't until saturday , my birthday dinner is just the five of us . 
 my brother , older than laura , has gotten me a hello kitty change purse . 
 my parents have gotten me games and clothes . 
 laura 's gotten me music from a band she likes and wants me to like , too . 
 i am amazed that no one else in our family can smell the afternoon on us , can understand what my birthday has really brought . 
 there is cake . 
 there are more candles . 
 i am to get another wish . 
 i am serenaded with the same song that i have been serenaded with in so many bodies , over so many years . 
 i am told to close my eyes . 
 again , i do not wish . 
 but this time i do n't leave myself a blank . 
 instead , i make myself a promise . 
 i mark the date in my head , and i vow that from now on , this will be my birthday . 
 whether or not anybody in my life that day knows it , i will know it . 
 i will celebrate . 
 i will give myself that , as i swim through the years . 
 day 2919 as a child , i am baffled by inconsistency . 
 not my own inconsistency-i am used to waking up in a different body and a different life every morning . 
 this makes sense to me . 
 it is everyone else 's inconsistency that throws me . 
 it is a saturday morning , and i am seven years old . 
 i know it 's a saturday from the quiet of the morning , from the fact that it 's nine in the morning and nobody is rushing me off to school or to church . 
 i like saturday mornings because that is when i am allowed to watch cartoons . 
 even in houses that do n't have all the channels , i can still find cartoons . 
 i stumble from room to room , looking for the tv . 
 at this age , i do n't bother to access any memories of the house . 
 i am happy to discover everything by wandering through . 
 my mother is in the kitchen , talking on the phone . 
 my father might be outside , or still asleep . 
 the tv is in the den , which has a shaggy rug and wood walls . 
 i am late for my nine o'clock show , but i can watch the end and then see the whole nine-thirty show . 
 this is what i did last week , and the week before . 
 i was in different houses , but once the tv was on , it was almost like they were the same place . 
 last week i had brothers and sisters , but this week i do n't think i do . 
 i switch on the tv and it 's too loud . 
 i find the volume control and turn it down . 
 it 's a commercial . 
 i do n't really care about commercials , because even if i get things , i do n't have them for very long . 
 i sit on the shaggy rug and lean against the couch . 
 this show has talking animals , and when it comes back on , the moose is arguing with the aardvark about the price of a ferry ride . 
 the parrot keeps repeating the things they 're saying in a really funny voice , and i laugh . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i have only been watching for five minutes , but already i 'm so absorbed in what 's happening that i do n't hear her at first . 
 then she grabs my arm and pulls me up , and i know right away i am in trouble , big trouble , and i do n't know what for . 
 was i laughing too loud ? 
 was i not supposed to sit on the carpet ? 
 now that i 'm up , she lets go and slaps the tv off . 
 the room is suddenly silent , and there 's nowhere to hide in that silence . 
 `` how many times have i told you not to touch that ? 
 did i even say you could leave your room ? 
 you are not allowed to watch such garbage . '' 
 i have so few words at age seven . 
 i do n't know stern or enraged or sanctimonious . 
 all i know is mad . 
 my mother is mad at me . 
 her face is mad . 
 her posture is mad . 
 the sound of her words is mad . 
 `` go back to your room . '' 
 i do n't hesitate . 
 i do n't want to be in the presence of her anger one moment longer . 
 i go back to my room and sit on the bed , waiting for her to come by , to tell me what my punishment is . 
 but all she does is come by and shut the door . 
 there is enough light coming in through the window to make everything in the room seeable , but the air still seems tinged in shadow . 
 i sit there and sit there . 
 time feels horizonless . 
 feeling someone else 's anger is bad ; being left alone is worse . 
 at first i am too afraid to move . 
 but eventually i have to . 
 there are very few books in my room , and all of them are for little kids . 
 so i pick up the dictionary , because it is the longest book in the room , and i know it 's going to be a long day . 
 i learn a few words . 
 i would rather be outside the room , using them . 
 there 's no reprieve until lunchtime . 
 when my mother opens the door , she eyes the dictionary in my lap with suspicion . 
 i 've had time to close it , but not the time to put it on the shelf . 
 at the very least , i do n't look comfortable . 
 `` have you learned your lesson ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` well , '' she says , `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 i do n't know where my father is . 
 his things are all around the house , so i know he has to be somewhere . 
 he 's just not here right now . 
 i do n't feel i can ask where he is . 
 she gives me a chicken sandwich-leftovers from dinner last night , put between bread . 
 i know to eat it all , and not to ask for more . 
 not because i access the thoughts of the life i 'm in , but because my mother is so easy to read . 
 we do n't talk . 
 we stare at other parts of the kitchen . 
 i try to find things to read . 
 buttons on the microwave . 
 the brand of the refrigerator . 
 i rarely feel like i 'm a prisoner in a body , but i have felt like a prisoner in a house . 
 i definitely feel like i 'm a prisoner here . 
 and i am a prisoner because , as my mother 's expression makes clear , she feels she is a prisoner to me , too . 
 i am not allowed television . 
 i am not allowed to go outside . 
 i am not given conversation . 
 eventually i am given dinner , but that is silent , too . 
 my father never comes home . 
 the only thing i am allowed , the only thing i am given , is myself . 
 it is enough , but only barely . 
 some days are like this . 
 and the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day , and that every day ends . 
 day 5624 some habits are so ingrained in the lives of the people i inhabit -lrb- for just one day -rrb- that they manage to hold on even when i am present . 
 when holly wakes up , she does n't negotiate with the alarm clock or stumble straight to the shower . 
 no , when she wakes up , she pulls over her phone . 
 i do n't know how i know this . 
 the information 's just there when i find out her name , find out where i am , find out that it 's a new morning . 
 i wake the phone with the touch of a finger . 
 there 's a chat window waiting for me . 
 n : good morning . 
 it 's dated a few hours ago . 
 it does n't take much accessing to know that the message is from natasha , who 's in france , and is also the girl holly loves . 
 i type back . 
 h : good morning . 
 and get an instant reply . 
 n : i am in the library , picking letters from the spines to spell out your name . 
 i imagine holly would know the right response for this . 
 but those are n't the kind of instincts that are left for me when i stay in a body for a day . 
 i must respond as her , but i only have my own words to work with , and my own way of putting them together . 
 h : it 's early . 
 i do n't even know who i am at this point . 
 n : i know who you are . 
 h : i believe you . 
 in the shower , i trace back their story . 
 natasha moved to town about a year ago . 
 there were immediate sparks between her and holly , especially since they were both so open about who they were . 
 within weeks , they were inseparable . 
 it was awesome . 
 but then , only six months later , the thing that had brought natasha to town in the first place-her mother 's job-took her back away again , to a suburb of paris . 
 now they are struggling to find that balance-separated but still inseparable , apart but still a part . 
 i am not surprised to return and find another message . 
 n : it 's time for lunch . 
 and it 's time for you to get to school . 
 text me en route . 
 i wait until i 'm on the bus . 
 people say hi to me , but i do n't feel the connection to them that i feel to natasha . 
 i look at the names scratched in the vinyl on the back of the seat in front of me . 
 h : i am carving your name in the seat in front of me . 
 n : what are you using to carve it ? 
 h : my heart , of course . 
 i do n't know natasha-or holly-but i know i am going to spend the whole day like this . 
 the running commentary , the loving support , the jokes and the observations and the random thoughts that are made a little less random when they 're shared . 
 the desire to be heard is as deeply seeded as the desire to be loved . 
 so much of the technology we spend our time on is geared toward this . 
 for some people , it does n't matter who 's on the other end . 
 for holly , it matters . 
 and that makes it matter , for a short time , to me . 
 n : sometimes i imagine you just over the horizon , and when clouds come into view , they 're carrying messages to me . 
 h : i want a banana milkshake . 
 is n't it strange how i can be sitting here in math class , and for some reason my mind can drift to banana milkshakes ? 
 why is that ? 
 n : i would kill for a bag of peanut mandm 's . 
 do you know how hard it is to get peanut mandm 's here ? 
 h : a despicable omission . 
 n : get me out of here . 
 h : i am getting in my helicopter . 
 n : i await your rope ladder . 
 it 's the secret smile you get from knowing that , somewhere , there is someone who is yours . 
 not in the sense that you own her , or control her . 
 she is yours because you can say anything to her , whenever you need to . 
 and she can do the same , whenever she needs to . 
 most of the time this is n't necessary . 
 but the secret smile comes from knowing it 's available , even when she 's half a world away . 
 i will not lie : there are times i 've thought of doing this for myself-meeting someone online , taking a virtual opportunity and making it as real as it can ever be . 
 but it would n't be the same . 
 the architecture of all of these words is based on a foundation : the promise that holly and natasha will someday see each other again . 
 and that is a promise i will never be able to make someone else . 
 or i can only make it as a lie . 
 and the simple lie would complicate everything else . 
 n : it 's time to go home now . 
 i do n't know why i bother . 
 neither of them will be there . 
 h : no other place for you to go ? 
 n : i 've learned my lesson . 
 i 'm only passing through . 
 i 'm tired of the hello-goodbye . 
 i 'm between classes now , on my way to english . 
 there is no way holly can understand natasha 's words as much as i can . 
 h : your life is your life . 
 you ca n't live it in compartments . 
 each place you 're in has a door open at either end . 
 n : but i 'm here for such a short time . 
 h : if a day can be long , six months ca n't be short . 
 i want to convince her even if i 'm not entirely convinced myself . 
 n : is that the truth ? 
 h : i 'm sending it to you in the clouds . 
 some days i 'm only passing through . 
 some days are all hello ; some days are all goodbye . 
 some days i have no idea what i am supposed to be doing , and other days it 's abundantly clear , as if the person i am for a day has left me a note , left me instructions . 
 today i am meant to maintain the golden tether between two people . 
 it does n't take much strength to hold on to my end . 
 it 's good to hold on to something , to feel the pull of another person on the other end , to feel the attachment before i must let go and pass the golden tether back into the person who should really be here instead of me . 
 day 5909 hamilton keyes wakes up at 4:44 in the morning . 
 at first i do n't believe it when i see the clock-the alarm is definitely going off , which means he must have set it this way . 
 the question i have is why . 
 as soon as i get a feel for the body i 'm in , i have my answer . 
 hamilton keyes wakes up at 4:44 every morning in order to work out before school . 
 this is his routine . 
 a strong body is unlike a regular body . 
 your movements become more precise , and your mind is more attuned to the body . 
 the mind lets you know the force with which the body makes its way through the world . 
 and the mind will also let you know when you are letting the body down . 
 i do n't feel i have a choice . 
 even though part of the body desperately wants more sleep , another part is awake , ready to go . 
 it wants to be worked . 
 there 's a weight room in the basement . 
 i quietly make my way down , accessing to discover the particulars of hamilton 's routine . 
 i 've learned the hard way that just because a body is strong , it does n't mean that it can do anything . 
 i warm up , stretch out , feel the muscles waken . 
 the worst thing for me about exercise is the boredom . 
 i need to concentrate on what i 'm doing , make sure i do n't slip up and catch the body off guard . 
 were hamilton here , there would be a satisfaction alongside his exertion , a progression that he could chart and take meaning from . 
 but for me it 's like driving a car and trying to get something other than a secondhand satisfaction from the speed . 
 i lift weights . 
 i run in place . 
 i sweat and towel myself off . 
 upstairs , i can hear footsteps , voices . 
 but everyone leaves hamilton alone here . 
 this is his domain . 
 these are his body 's hours . 
 i am tired for the rest of the day . 
 my movements may be forceful and precise , but they 're blunted by the cloudy nature of my mind . 
 my blood cries for caffeine , and i supply it . 
 but this only gives me little flashes of wakefulness , short moments of being present in my life . 
 were i a different person , i 'd be able to fuel myself on admiration as much as caffeine . 
 i 'd like it when the girls call me abercrombie . 
 or even the way the guys look at me ; if this body is a car i 'm driving , it 's a model that they want . 
 even some of the teachers give him admiration . 
 others write him off , or resent him . 
 i read it all on their faces . 
 i am defensive on his behalf . 
 i want to answer every teacher 's question , just to show them that they should not judge a person based on a body . 
 but if i do that now , hamilton will only have to uphold it in some way tomorrow . 
 it may feel , in the moment , like i am doing him a favor , but really i 'll just be chaining him to an aberration . 
 so i sleepwalk through the day . 
 to some , it must look like a sexy languor . 
 but really , i 'm just tired . 
 at lunch , i try to eat reasonably , but the body wants more . 
 i feed it . 
 gym class is a release . 
 i make volleyball a contact sport . 
 not with the other players-i do n't start body-slamming my teammates . 
 but i feel like i am in contact with my body again , with what it can do . 
 i 'm wasted in the classroom , the body seems to be telling me . 
 i was n't made to be sitting down . 
 then i return to the classroom-two more periods until the end of school . 
 i fall asleep briefly , both times . 
 after school i commune with my like-bodied , like-minded friends . 
 it 's off-season , so the only sport we can play is preparation . 
 i feel more at home here than i did alone in the basement this morning . 
 here the routine expands . 
 it feels like teamwork . 
 and teamwork ca n't help but engage the mind as well as the body . 
 i have been in the bodies of people who i suspect would give almost anything to have this body , to be this person . 
 i 'd be more hesitant , if i had a choice . 
 because over the years i have become wary of tinkering with nature in this way . 
 a body like this is rarely natural . 
 a body like this must be created and maintained . 
 and when you give so much energy to the body , there ends up being very little energy for much else , at least when you are sixteen and just starting to form it . 
 perhaps if i could feel the satisfaction and admiration as my own , i would feel differently . 
 or if i needed this strength for anything other than its own display . 
 at dinner , hamilton 's mother feeds him enough for the whole family . 
 his father , whose body looks like hamilton 's , only with a layer of time on top , talks nonstop about the game he was watching on tv last night . 
 hamilton 's little sister looks bored , and hamilton 's little brother looks eager . 
 when dinner is over , i understand why : he asks hamilton if he can lift some weights tonight , too . 
 hamilton 's mother shakes her head , but his father says it 's no big deal . 
 `` a five-pound weight never hurt anyone , '' he says . 
 `` unless you smash someone in the skull with it , '' hamilton 's little sister chimes in . 
 `` i do n't know , charlie , '' i say . 
 `` i really do n't know . '' 
 `` c'monnnnn , '' he pleads . 
 he ca n't be older than ten . 
 i relent . 
 we head to the basement and i give him the lightest weight to curl , telling him to be careful . 
 he sticks his tongue out in concentration as he lifts it up and down , making his little biceps burp up rather than bulge . 
 `` your turn ! 
 your turn ! '' 
 he calls out after ten repetitions . 
 i 'm sure this is part of what they do , and i respect the glee that charlie feels being in his brother 's domain . 
 i know i should do what hamilton would do . 
 but i 'm just so tired . 
 `` not tonight , '' i tell him . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because , '' i say , choosing my words carefully , `` it 's okay to take a break . 
 you ca n't push yourself too hard . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you could push yourself to a place you ca n't get back from . '' 
 charlie looks at me quizzically . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i mess up his hair a little , playfully . 
 `` you do n't need to . 
 all you need to know is there are all kinds of strong . '' 
 i know he still does n't get it , but that 's okay . 
 maybe he 'll remember these words later on , and maybe he wo n't . 
 i decide to speak his language a little better . 
 `` ice cream , '' i say . 
 `` we definitely need ice cream . '' 
 the body thinks it 's a waste to be lying on the couch , watching nickelodeon . 
 but the body is also a little relieved . 
 and the mind ? 
 well , the mind is happy with this kind of teamwork : two brothers with matching ice-cream bowls and matching ice-cream scoops , laughing at a talking sponge . 
 the heaviest thing i 'll lift for the rest of the evening is charlie , when it 's time to go to bed . 
 but i still make sure the alarm is set for 4:44 the next morning . 
 because that should n't really be my choice . 
 day 5915 i try not to alter the lives i borrow for a day . 
 but sometimes it ca n't be helped . 
 paul deringer should not present much of a challenge . 
 his morning does n't hold any surprises-his room is straightforward , his family is straightforward , and his schedule , when i access it , is straightforward . 
 when i get to school , his friends are friendly . 
 this in itself seems straightforward , but with some people there are subterranean currents beneath every interaction ; they treat their friendships as politics and their lives as performance . 
 luckily paul is not like that , and neither are his friends . 
 one friend is clearly his closest-checking his memories , i know that nicole is the one he looks for first in the crowd , the one he will always sneak away at lunch to be with . 
 they are not dating-the memories are clear in showing that . 
 but they use the fact that neither of them is dating as a way to spend all the time together that would ordinarily be spent with a boyfriend or girlfriend . 
 timewise , it 's almost the same as dating . 
 heartwise , too . 
 there just is n't any kissing . 
 or at least none that i can find . 
 there 's a zero-tolerance policy about phones in this school , so the only way to communicate in class is to pass notes . 
 nicole and paul always sit next to each other , to make this easier . 
 i 'll admit : i find passing notes with nicole to be more interesting than class . 
 she 's clever , and i have to challenge myself to be clever , too . 
 or at least until we get to what nicole calls `` surrealist knock-knock jokes . '' 
 then we 're just silly . 
 knock , knock . 
 who 's there ? 
 lemon . 
 lemon who ? 
 lemon walrus teacup . 
 knock , knock . 
 who 's there ? 
 ginger . 
 ginger who ? 
 ginger ninja cereal bowler . 
 is that bowler as in hat , or bowler as in one who bowls ? 
 it 's an owler who married a b , and the b took her last name . 
 it does n't surprise me at the end of the day when nicole tells me we have plans . 
 instead of heading to my bus , i 'm commandeered into walking beside her , back to her house . 
 when we get there , she aims straight for the kitchen , saying , `` help yourself to anything . '' 
 quickly i access the geography of her house , which paul is more than familiar with . 
 then i access the things he usually eats when he 's there . 
 one has to be very careful around best friends , because a wrong move can be read as momentous . 
 i 've been in situations where i 've reached for a soda and as a result have been lectured about how i will do anything to be popular , even drink what the popular kids drink . 
 i go for some pretzels , and nicole 's lack of commentary means i 'm safe . 
 i figure we 'll set up in the den or the kitchen , since i 'm a boy today and she 's a girl , and most parents have the mistaken notion that if a boy and a girl are alone in a room with a bed , pregnancy will ensue . 
 but nicole 's parents must not fear that from me , because she picks up her book bag and leads me onward . 
 when we get to her room , she stretches out on the floor , unpacking her books and pulling out a pen . 
 i take my space beside her , my body eventually semiicircling around my homework . 
 from above we must look like a pair of parentheses , with open pages between us . 
 human beings act very much like storms when there 's something to say . 
 very rarely in nature does a deluge catch you by complete surprise . 
 there are the signs before-the sky darkening , the wind picking up , the air smelling like rain even before a drop has hit . 
 with nicole , the sky darkens when i look up to find her watching me do my homework . 
 the wind picks up when she quickly looks away . 
 the air smells like rain when she second-guesses , and looks at me again . 
 paul might ask , `` what is it ? '' 
 or he 'd already know what it is . 
 but for me , the storm remains nameless . 
 i try to dodge it . 
 i go back to my homework . 
 i read the science textbook like my life depends on it . 
 this only angers her more . 
 she 's abandoned any pretense of studying . 
 she is watching me , sending the first wave of rain over to me , the dare so clear . 
 i am supposed to look up at her . 
 i am supposed to meet her eye . 
 time will not let me go forward until i do . 
 i try to keep reading , even though the words dodge my focus . 
 i turn the page when enough time has gone by for me to be due to turn the page . 
 `` paul . '' 
 she 's moved her foot over to mine , and it stays there . 
 presses . 
 i look up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she mimics . 
 i know she thinks my incomprehension is fake , but it 's real . 
 she sighs . 
 then says , `` knock , knock . '' 
 i respond with the unavoidable , `` who 's there ? '' 
 `` water . '' 
 `` water who ? '' 
 `` water we doing ? '' 
 i try to keep my voice light . 
 `` homework ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean , what are we doing ? '' 
 the storm now shows , and it 's inside of her . 
 it 's been inside of her all along . 
 i do n't know if paul would recognize it , but i do . 
 his memories might show that they 're better off friends , that they were never meant to date-but that 's not her version . 
 and today , of all days , is when she 's going to call him on it . 
 once the storm comes out , the landscape changes . 
 what you had before is altered in some way . 
 and you have a choice : build something new and better from what 's left , or abandon it . 
 it is lonely in the eye . 
 as we sit there in the pause , as she stares at me , awaiting a response , as i see the things i could say and wonder which one to grasp for , i feel profoundly alone in myself . 
 reading people is a talent that i have developed , but in the end , that 's all it is-reading . 
 reading is not life . 
 reading is creating life in your head . 
 and that can only help you so much in a storm . 
 i try not to alter the lives i borrow for a day , but sometimes i have no choice . 
 or , more accurately , i am given a choice , and i have to make it . 
 one way or the other . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` yes , '' nicole says , her foot moving lightly over my ankle . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 i look away-i ca n't do this while looking at her-and say , quietly , `` i think we 're doing homework . '' 
 she sits up , moves her foot away . 
 i move my eyes back to the textbook . 
 i am telling myself it would be worse to say yes to her now and then have paul take it away tomorrow . 
 i am telling myself that if i make it casual enough , we can make it through the next hour , and that the conversation can be revisited tomorrow , or another day , when paul is back . 
 i am lying to myself that a storm can be put back inside a person , bottled up and preserved . 
 i know i am lying to myself , but i also choose to believe it . 
 my instinct is that he does n't want to kiss her , that he 's never wanted to kiss her . 
 but i wonder if that 's his detachment or mine . 
 we last five more minutes in that room . 
 then nicole says she has to go downstairs for a second , and does n't come back up for a half hour . 
 when she 's back , i want to ask her if she 's okay . 
 but i have no idea whether that will make things better or worse . 
 so i stay quiet , and then ten minutes later i say i have to go . 
 she does n't protest . 
 i ca n't just leave it like this . 
 i ca n't . 
 so after my bag is packed , after she makes no move to walk me to the front door , i linger in her room for a second , then say , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just need to think . 
 i ca n't think right now . 
 and i need to . '' 
 it 's not enough . 
 i can see that in her face . 
 it 's not . 
 the only hope i have is that over time it will grow to be enough . 
 or that whatever step paul takes next will make it enough . 
 once i 'm gone . 
 as i walk home , i stop accessing and try to navigate by instinct . 
 where do i think i should go ? 
 which way is paul 's home ? 
 i try to sense where the body wants me to be , which street feels more familiar , which direction feels inherently right . 
 i get horribly lost . 
 day 5931 in all of the bodies i 've been in , in all of the lives i 've borrowed for a day , one thing has always been consistent : everyone wakes up tired . 
 in truth , most of us go through the day tired , as if all of the information swirling through the air , all of the thoughts battling within our mind , leave us in a state of perpetual exhaustion . 
 i do n't know if it was always like this , but i 'm pretty sure it 's more like this now . 
 i wake up , and i 'm tired . 
 this is not a surprise . 
 i am also in the body and life of a sixteen-year-old boy named mark . 
 yesterday i was in the body and life of a sixteen-year-old boy named chase . 
 for most people , this would be a surprise . 
 but i am strangely used to it . 
 this is just the way my life goes . 
 i access mark 's mind , situate myself within his day . 
 i 'm only here until midnight . 
 i try to get the basic facts , not the details . 
 the details can be interesting , but they can also distract me into attachment . 
 the worst thing in the world would be to pretend to know the people whose lives i step through . 
 they can not be homes to me . 
 they must be hotel rooms . 
 mark 's friend sam is going to pick him up in a half-hour , so i have to shower and get dressed . 
 everything in his room is compulsively in place-i open one of his drawers and find the shirts folded with department-store precision , each corner of one shirt matching the corresponding corner of the shirt below it . 
 i do n't really know if this is the result of military neatness or ocd-whatever part of mark feels compelled to fold shirts this way has been banished for the day by my own personality . 
 because i try not to leave traces , i will have to live my life neatly today . 
 over the years , i have learned how to stand against the easy temptations of disorder . 
 i 'll just have to do it more with mark . 
 his toiletries are arranged in a very specific way , and i make sure to replace them in exactly the same configuration when i 'm done . 
 his pajamas get folded and put under the pillow , because i do n't know what would happen if someone came into the room during the day and saw them uncharacteristically sprawled on the floor . 
 i even make the bed . 
 one of the hardest things to know about people is how they move . 
 i 've grown very accustomed to taking on other bodies as my own , but i 'm never sure how the real owners wear them . 
 i can access memories , yes , but it 's not as if we have memories of the ways we walk or the ways we gesture . 
 our memories filter these facts out . 
 unless we are hurt in some way , our memories pretty much disregard our bodies . 
 we do n't remember the way we like to sit . 
 it is unlikely , in a lineup , that we 'd be able to identify the back of our hand . 
 as i walk to sam 's car-as i see sam watching me-i try to make it feel natural , so it will seem natural . 
 the music from the car is loud , and sam is playing the steering wheel like it was made for percussion . 
 the whole time , though , he 's facing me , watching me make my way to him . 
 this is their routine . 
 this has to be their morning routine . 
 i quickly access mark 's mind to see how it goes . 
 `` good morning , super-friend , '' sam says when i get in the car , because this is what he always says when mark gets in the car . 
 `` good morning , arch-amigo , '' i say back , because this is always mark 's response . 
 sam smiles at this and pulls away from the curb . 
 i 'm still not entirely awake . 
 but if i 'm not jumping into the day , i can at least let myself settle into it . 
 speaking of rituals : all high schools are pretty much the same . 
 the predictability makes it much easier for me . 
 i do n't think i 've ever been in this school before , but it 's hard to tell . 
 the hallways all look the same . 
 the morning bells all sound the same . 
 the announcements are all read in the same monotone . 
 sam does n't leave my side , and soon enough , some of our other friends join us . 
 we 're all on the basketball team , so we 're a tall crowd-sam being the shortest , and sam being the talker . 
 mark , i sense , is one of the quieter ones . 
 people do n't really look to him for conversation . 
 the books in mark 's locker are meticulously stacked . 
 i am not surprised to open one of his notebooks and find tight , precise handwriting , always in the same color ink . 
 `` come on , '' sam says . 
 `` we do n't want to be late . 
 hartshorn will tear us a new one . '' 
 i am grateful that he wants to lead . 
 it saves me the trouble of having to figure out where i need to be . 
 even when we get to math class , i know exactly where to sit , because there are two empty chairs next to each other , and the way sam heads straight for one makes me know i should head straight for the other . 
 i assume that mark and sam have been friends forever . 
 but during class , i access some memories and find out that sam only moved to town last year and met mark through the team . 
 they 've been pretty inseparable since . 
 i do n't know how mark feels about this-one of the rules of inhabiting a body is that you can access the facts , but not interpretations . 
 throughout math , sam passes me notes . 
 most of them are cartoons-funny caricatures of mr. hartshorn and other people in the class . 
 i 'm probably supposed to reciprocate , pass something back . 
 but instead i let him see me smile , let him see me laugh . 
 this seems to be enough . 
 i 'm afraid to draw caricatures myself-it 's one thing if you know the people , but capturing them purely by sight , without any knowledge of who they are , can be dangerous . 
 the wrong things can come out when you view a body as just a body , a face as just a face . 
 i study the people in the class , in a somewhat dreamy math-soundtracked daze . 
 when my eye returns to sam , i can see that he 's noticed , that he 's curious . 
 the next note he passes me asks , see anything you like ? 
 i write back , just lost in the clouds . 
 i have no idea what mark will remember from this day . 
 mr. hartshorn is talking about something i already know , but that does n't mean mark will automatically learn it . 
 so i remind myself to focus . 
 i try to leave notes behind . 
 not about the fact that i 've been here-i do n't want mark to know that . 
 but i do n't want the day to be missing , either . 
 i want him to retain the knowledge he otherwise would have gained . 
 the classes i have with sam are simple-i just follow him in and sit in the seats that have been left for us . 
 for the classes when we 're apart , i have to access mark 's mind and figure out where to go , where to sit , what the assignment is . 
 information-related exhaustion sets in again . 
 i can breathe easier at lunch , though . 
 sam meets me at my locker and teases me when the book i put back inside is out of order . 
 `` that 's not like you , mark , to be so messy . '' 
 the book is , at most , an inch out of line . 
 `` i guess i 'm just in a rebellious mood , '' i say . 
 `` you better be careful . 
 one minute it 's your locker , and the next thing you know , your socks wo n't match . '' 
 i feign horror . 
 sam puts his arm around my shoulder to comfort me . 
 `` sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i know how upsetting that image must have been to you . 
 like genocide , only on your toes . '' 
 `` it 'll never happen , '' i reply . 
 `` promise me it 'll never happen . '' 
 he squeezes my shoulder . 
 `` not even if i have to pick out your socks myself . '' 
 with that , we head into the cafeteria and find our world of boys . 
 even though i 'm used to it by now , i 'm still fascinated by how often guys split off into their own world of boys at lunch , and girls head into their world of girls . 
 it 's such a steady pattern , they do n't even recognize it . 
 if i could ask mark about it , i 'm sure he 'd say that he was just hanging out with his team , with his friends . 
 the fact that they 're all boys is secondary . 
 but it defines everything . 
 they talk about teams i do n't know , and girls i do n't know . 
 they talk about video games i know , and tv shows that sound familiar . 
 i do n't say much , and i 'm lucky , because mark is n't really expected to . 
 only sam pays close attention to me , to what i 'm saying and what i 'm not saying . 
 he thinks i 'm oblivious , shoveling down my fries . 
 but i 've learned to know when someone wants me to say something , or just wants reassurance that i 'm there . 
 i wait in fear for the comment that might rise from the scrutiny-an `` are you okay ? '' 
 followed up by a `` you do n't seem quite yourself . '' 
 sam , i sense , knows mark well . 
 but even when you know someone well-or especially when you know someone well-you are still looking for clues about who they are today . 
 `` alicia , really ? '' 
 sam is saying now . 
 `` what do you think , mark ? 
 is alicia your type ? '' 
 i look at him . 
 i ca n't access fast enough to figure out who alicia is . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell him . 
 `` well , what would you say your type is ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell him again . 
 in my life , this is more often than not the most honest answer i can provide . 
 i am even more tired in the afternoon , but again , it seems like i 'm in the same boat as everyone else . 
 even the teachers seem more lethargic , and the lessons billow rather than strike . 
 i only have one class in the afternoon with sam , and he keeps largely to himself . 
 i do n't know whether this is because he 's been caught passing notes in here before and knows better than to do it again . 
 or maybe he 's just tired , too . 
 he seems lost in his own thoughts , emerging every few minutes to take in the teacher , or to send me a hello glance . 
 i doodle in mark 's notebook , then remember to tear out the page and throw it out at the end of the class . 
 basketball practice is directly after school . 
 i 'm relieved that it 's not a game-that 's too much pressure . 
 in slower sports , i can access the things i need to know-the names of teammates , the meaning of plays , the things i know about the opposing team . 
 but basketball is too fast , too reactive . 
 especially at the end of a long day . 
 the movement wakes me , though . 
 i release myself into the physicality of it-the push and pull on the court . 
 unsurprisingly , sam and i are a team within the team-when there 's a chance to pass , his eye goes right to me , and mine goes right to him . 
 even though he 's short , he 's got speed , and because he 's got speed , he 's got respect . 
 mark , i can tell , is never going to be a star . 
 he is a supporting player , the space between the stars that keeps them in place . 
 there 's a big game coming up , and the coach is relentless . 
 we are working on shots , running the court , practicing plays , facing off against one another-like most coaches , he wants us to have the grace and efficiency of machinery , and he wants to be the machinist . 
 a new kind of exhaustion hits me , but it 's an alive exhaustion , not an asleep exhaustion . 
 i am keeping up my paces and hitting my marks . 
 when one of my teammates botches a shot , the coach tells him to stop being a girl . 
 i wish i could tell him that i was a girl two days ago , and two days before that . 
 nothing is different . 
 a shot is a shot . 
 at the end of practice , the coach tells us to walk off the strain we 've just put our bodies through . 
 sam gravitates toward me , asks me if he 's still giving me a ride home . 
 i tell him yes . 
 of course . 
 when i hit the shower , he 's nowhere to be found . 
 i get out , towel off , get dressed . 
 he comes racing through , running late . 
 he says he 'll meet me by the car . 
 this gives me ten minutes of empty time . 
 i never know what to do with it . 
 there 's no one for me to text , no book for me to read ten minutes of . 
 i could make conversation with the other guys leaving the locker room , but i do n't know who they are , and i wo n't remember them tomorrow . 
 the empty time remains empty . 
 i try to remember the name of the girl i was two days ago , and the one i was two days before that . 
 the name alicia comes back to me , but that 's not right . 
 i 've already forgotten . 
 sam does n't say much to me as we head to the car . 
 complaints about the coach , worries about the game coming up , resentment that alex -lrb- whoever he is -rrb- is not a team player . 
 i do n't have to do much more than faintly agree , and then faintly disagree when sam says he 's complaining too much . 
 `` but what about you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what 's on your mind ? '' 
 there have been moments in the past when i 've been tempted to answer this last question truthfully , to let myself be part of the conversation . 
 but the temptation fades under the cover of reality . 
 i can not share myself because , as far as sam is concerned , i have no self . 
 i do n't exist . 
 only mark exists . 
 `` i guess i 'm just tired , '' i say . 
 `` me too . 
 i 'm tired of so many things , you know ? '' 
 `` so many things , '' i echo . 
 we drive on for a few more minutes . 
 the trip seems longer than the trip to school was . 
 i access to see if sam and mark had specific plans for tonight . 
 i ca n't find any . 
 so i ask , `` where are we going ? '' 
 sam smiles . 
 `` i 'm kidnapping you . 
 i was waiting for you to notice . '' 
 `` and where is the destination of this kidnapping ? '' 
 `` that 's for me to know and you to find out . '' 
 he sounds happy . 
 awake . 
 he makes me play twenty questions to figure out where we 're going . 
 not knowing what the options are , i 'm not particularly good at the game . 
 i find out that where we 're going is bigger than a trailer but shorter than the washington monument . 
 it 's not in a city , but it 's not in a field . 
 it is neither yellow nor purple . 
 it is not a place where you 'd find horses or falafel or the amish . 
 it is somewhere sam 's been before , but not -lrb- to his knowledge -rrb- somewhere mark 's been before . 
 it does n't smell like sewage or tater tots or strawberries . 
 it has never appeared on reality tv . 
 there have been no songs written about it . 
 it does n't require a change of clothing , or an admission fee , or a note from my doctor . 
 it is not a church . 
 he makes me close my eyes as we pull up . 
 i have seen no signs along the way , no telltale markers . 
 all i can see is how proud he is of himself . 
 `` all right . 
 we 're here . '' 
 i open my eyes and see an old , battered sign that says funland . 
 `` i used to come here all the time as a kid , because my uncle was one of the owners . 
 i do n't know if you remember , but i told you about it when we first became friends , and you drew a complete blank . 
 so you could say the plan to come here was hatched out of that blank . '' 
 the gates look locked to me . 
 `` we 're going to break in ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he pulls something out of his pocket and dangles it in front of me . 
 `` no need to break in when you have a key ! '' 
 it 's a small amusement park-the kind that seems like a universe to a little kid but completely manageable to a parent . 
 it 's closed for the season-the booths shuttered , the refreshment stands unrefreshed . 
 but the rides ca n't be hidden . 
 they are idle versions of themselves , waiting for the summer to come . 
 `` we 're going to have to play pretend , '' sam says . 
 he has no idea how good i am at playing pretend . 
 but i guess that 's a different kind of pretend , a pretend that ca n't be obvious . 
 here we revel in the pretend , laugh at it , become children within it . 
 we walk rings around the carousel horses , trying to find our perfect steeds . 
 we dangle at the bottom of the ferris wheel and pretend that it is taking us up , up , up . 
 i allow myself to relax . 
 i allow myself to enjoy it . 
 i even get lost in it . 
 sam seems lost in it too . 
 but every now and then , i catch him looking at me , like he has something to say . 
 he does n't think i notice , but i notice . 
 i just do n't let him notice that i 'm noticing . 
 i keep it to myself . 
 i pretend . 
 we get to the rollercoaster and take our places in the car , its seating bar perpetually raised for us . 
 i think sam 's going to pull it down , strap us in for an imaginary ride . 
 but instead he sits close to me , stares out . 
 even when it 's in operation , i imagine this rollercoaster is more coast than roll . 
 the peaks and the dips are nothing that would scare a ten-year-old . 
 he looks at me again . 
 `` i 'm having such a good time , '' he says . 
 `` me too , '' i tell him . 
 it 's true . 
 `` i 'm so glad i found you . 
 i mean , when i first moved to town , i thought i was sunk . 
 i did n't want to start all over again . 
 but then i met you , and our friends , and i thought that , yeah , i did want to start over again , after all . '' 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 `` it is , is n't it ? '' 
 he stares out again , away from me . 
 summoning something from inside of him . 
 i can tell . 
 `` i just wonder , '' he says , quietly . 
 then he leaves it at that . 
 i know i should n't ask , but i have to . 
 `` what ? '' 
 and then , `` what do you wonder ? '' 
 `` i wonder if you and i should be more than friends . 
 if you have those kind of thoughts . '' 
 the truth is , i have no idea if mark has those kind of thoughts . 
 i ca n't access his dreams or his fantasies or his desires . 
 only what 's happened so far . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say . 
 `` you said before that you were tired . 
 well , i 'm tired , too . 
 tired of letting everything stay unsaid . 
 we spend all our time together , and we do it because we want to , right ? 
 and i guess i think a lot about that , and about us . 
 and about ... well , more . 
 us having more . 
 it 's not about lust or sex or whatever you want to call it . 
 i mean , some of it is that . 
 but mostly it 's about belonging . 
 when i 'm with you , i belong . 
 it just naturally felt like that . 
 and i think it felt like that for you . 
 but i do n't know where that leaves us , or even what that is . 
 i 'm just tired of trying to figure it out myself . 
 i need the other half of the equation . '' 
 i feel sorry for him and i feel angry at him and i feel love for him , for having the courage to say these things . 
 but none of these feelings is an answer . 
 and that 's what he wants . 
 an answer . 
 why now ? 
 i wonder . 
 has he sensed me in here ? 
 did i somehow shift mark without knowing it ? 
 did sam see something in him today that made him feel he had a chance ? 
 or was this always going to be the day , and i just happened to appear within it ? 
 `` say something , '' sam asks . 
 `` please . '' 
 it is very possible that mark might be speechless , too , were he here instead of me . 
 not for the same reasons , but still speechless . 
 or maybe he would know exactly what to say . 
 a yes or a no . 
 a kiss or a cold shoulder . 
 i simply do n't know . 
 `` sam , '' i say , `` you know you 're my best friend . 
 that , to me , is the most important thing . 
 do n't you agree ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` as for the rest , '' i continue , `` i need to think about it . 
 i mean , it 's about much more than you and me , is n't it ? '' 
 i feel foolish even as i 'm saying these words . 
 because i feel it 's foolish that it has to be about more than sam and mark . 
 i want the world of boys to be structured in such a way that if they chose to be more than best friends , it would be a step , not a leap . 
 that a relationship could be a relationship without any other qualifiers attached . 
 i take his hand . 
 it would be cruel to not take his hand , to withhold that . 
 `` look , '' i say . 
 `` how about this ? 
 let 's do this again tomorrow . 
 kidnap me again . 
 ask me again . 
 give me the night to really think about it , and what it means . 
 tomorrow i 'll know more . '' 
 this is n't the answer he wants , but it 's also not the answer he fears , so he 's willing to go with it . 
 we exit the rollercoaster and walk around some more . 
 but the magic of pretending has gone , and neither of us wants to insult the other by pretending otherwise . 
 we walk in our own thoughts , knowing those thoughts have almost entirely to do with each other . 
 when he locks the gate behind us , sam calls out , `` see you tomorrow , funland ! '' 
 i do the same , even though i wo n't be seeing it tomorrow . 
 how can i let mark know ? 
 what can i do that will make him realize what 's happened ? 
 will there be some remnant of today when he wakes up tomorrow ? 
 i ca n't write him a letter , or even leave him a note . 
 that would be weird . 
 instead , i pace his orderly room . 
 i am the only thing out of place . 
 belonging . 
 togetherness . 
 these words are as complicated and confusing as the word love . 
 it 's probably all the same thing . 
 or it would be if we let it be . 
 i can only guess from observation . 
 i do n't know what will happen with them . 
 all i know is this : as bedtime nears , sam texts mark a simple good night . 
 but in it i can sense the belonging , the togetherness , the love . 
 i text back my own good night . 
 then i leave it there , for mark to find when he wakes up . 
