 prologue coldwater , maine three months ago the sleek black audi rolled to a stop in the parking lot overlooking the cemetery , but none of the three men inside had any intention of paying respects to the dead . 
 the hour burned past midnight , and the grounds were officially closed . 
 a strange summer fog hung thin and dreary , like a string of rising ghosts . 
 even the moon , a slender waxing crescent , resembled a drooping eyelid . 
 before the road dust settled , the driver leaped out , promptly opening the two rear car doors . 
 blakely exited first . 
 he stood tall with graying hair and a hard , rectangular face-nearly thirty in human years , though markedly older by nephilim count . 
 he was followed by a second nephil named hank mill ar . 
 hank , too , was uncommonly tall with blond hair , snapping blue eyes , and charismatic good looks . 
 his creed was `` justice over mercy , '' and that , combined with his quick rise to power in the nephilim underworld during the last few years , had earned him the nicknames the fist of justice , iron fist , and most famously , the black hand . 
 he was hailed among his people as a visionary leader , a savior . 
 but in smaller backroom circles , he was quietly referred to as the blood hand . 
 hushed voices murmured not of a redeemer , but of a ruthless dictator . 
 hank found their nervous chatter amusing ; a true dictator had absolute power and no opposition . 
 hopefully , someday he could live up to their expectations . 
 hank stepped out and lit a cigarette , taking a long drag . 
 `` are my men assembled ? '' 
 `` ten men in the woods above us , '' blakely answered . 
 `` another ten in cars at both exits . 
 five are hiding at various points within the cemetery ; three just inside the doors of the mausoleum , and two along the fence . 
 any more , and we 'd give ourselves away . 
 undoubtedly , the man you are meeting tonight will come with his own backup . '' 
 hank smiled in the darkness . 
 `` oh , i rather doubt that . '' 
 blakely blinked . 
 `` you brought twenty-five of your best nephilim fighters to go against one man ? '' 
 `` not a man , '' hank reminded him . 
 `` i do n't want anything to go wrong tonight . '' 
 `` we have nora . 
 if he gives you trouble , put him on the phone with her . 
 they say angels ca n't feel touch , but emotions are fair game . 
 i 'm certain he 'll feel it when she screams . 
 dagger is standing by , at the ready . '' 
 hank turned to blakely , giving him a slow , appraising smile . 
 `` dagger is watching her ? 
 he 's hardly sane . '' 
 `` you said you wanted to break her spirit . '' 
 `` i did say that , did n't i ? '' 
 hank mused . 
 it had been four short days since he 'd taken her captive , dragging her out of a maintenance shed inside delphic amusement park , but he 'd already determined precisely which lessons she needed to learn . 
 first , never to undermine his authority in front of his men . 
 second , devotion to her nephilim bloodline . 
 and perhaps most important , to show her own father respect . 
 blakely handed hank a small mechanical device with a button at the center that glowed an unearthly shade of blue . 
 `` put this in your pocket . 
 press the blue button and your men will swarm in from every direction . '' 
 `` has it been enhanced with devilcraft ? '' 
 hank asked . 
 a nod . 
 `` upon activation , it is designed to temporarily immobilize the angel . 
 i ca n't say for how long . 
 this is a prototype , and i have n't thoroughly tested it . '' 
 `` have you spoken of this to anyone ? '' 
 `` you ordered me not to , sir . '' 
 satisfied , hank pocketed the device . 
 `` wish me luck , blakely . '' 
 his friend patted his shoulder . 
 `` you do n't need it . '' 
 flicking aside his cigarette , hank descended the stone steps leading to the cemetery , a rather foggy patch of land that made his vantage point useless . 
 he 'd hoped to see the angel first , from above , but was comforted by the knowledge that he was backed by his own handpicked and highly trained militia . 
 at the base of the steps , hank peered through the shadows warily . 
 it had started to drizzle , washing out the fog . 
 he could make out towering gravestones and trees that twisted wildly . 
 the cemetery was overgrown and almost mazelike . 
 no wonder blakely had suggested the spot . 
 the likelihood of human eyes accidentally witnessing tonight 's events was negligible . 
 there . 
 ahead . 
 the angel leaned on a gravestone , but at the sight of hank , he straightened . 
 dressed strictly in black , including a leather motorcycle jacket , he was difficult to distinguish from the shadows . 
 he had n't shaved in days , his hair was unruly and unkempt , and there were lines of worry around his mouth . 
 mourning the disappearance of his girlfriend , then ? 
 all the better . 
 `` you look a little worse for wear ... patch , is it ? '' 
 hank said , stopping a few feet away . 
 the angel smiled , but it was n't pleasant . 
 `` and here i thought maybe you 'd had a few sleepless nights yourself . 
 after all , she 's your own flesh and blood . 
 from the looks of it , you 've been getting your beauty sleep . 
 rixon always said you were a pretty boy . '' 
 hank let the insult roll off . 
 rixon was the fall en angel who used to possess his body every year during the month of cheshvan , and he was as good as dead . 
 with him gone , there was nothing left in the world that frightened hank . 
 `` well ? 
 what do you have for me ? 
 it had better be good . '' 
 `` i paid a visit to your house , but you 'd skulked off into hiding with your tail between your legs and taken your family with you , '' the angel said in a low voice resonating with something hank could n't quite interpret . 
 it was halfway between contempt and ... mockery . 
 `` yes , i thought you might try something rash . 
 an eye for an eye , is n't that the creed of fall en angels ? '' 
 hank could n't tell if he was impressed by the angel 's cool demeanor , or irritated . 
 he 'd expected to find the angel frantic and desperate . 
 at the very least , he 'd hoped to provoke him to violence . 
 any excuse to bring his men running . 
 nothing like a bloodbath to instil camaraderie . 
 `` let 's cut the pleasantries . 
 tell me you brought me something useful . '' 
 the angel shrugged . 
 `` playing your rat seemed unimportant next to finding where you 've stashed your daughter . '' 
 the muscles in hank 's jaw tightened . 
 `` this was n't the deal . '' 
 `` i 'll get you the information you need , '' the angel answered , almost conversationally if it were n't for that chilling gleam in his eyes . 
 `` but first release nora . 
 get your men on the phone now . '' 
 `` i need insurance you 'll cooperate long-term . 
 i 'm keeping her until you make good on your side of the deal . '' 
 the corners of the angel 's mouth tipped up , but it was hardly a smile . 
 there was something truly menacing in the result . 
 `` i 'm not here to negotiate . '' 
 `` you are n't in a position to . '' 
 hank reached into his breast pocket and retrieved his phone . 
 `` i 'm out of patience . 
 if you 've wasted my time tonight , it 's going to be an unpleasant night for your girlfriend . 
 one call , and she goes hungry - '' before he had time to carry out his threat , hank felt himself tripping backward . 
 the angel 's arms flashed out , and all air escaped hank in a rush . 
 his head hit something solid , and waves of black rolled across his vision . 
 `` this is how it 's going to work , '' the angel hissed . 
 hank tried to muster a shout , but the angel 's hand was clenched at his throat . 
 hank kicked his feet , but the gesture was pointless ; the angel was too strong . 
 he scratched for the panic button in his pocket , but his fingers fumbled uselessly . 
 the angel had cut off his oxygen . 
 red lights popped behind his eyes and his chest felt as though a stone had rolled on top of it . 
 in a burst of inspiration , hank invaded the angel 's mind , teasing apart the threads that formed his thoughts , focusing fixedly on redirecting the angel 's intentions , weakening his motivation , all the while whispering a hypnotic , release hank millar , release him now - `` a mind-trick ? '' 
 the angel scorned . 
 `` do n't bother . 
 make the call , '' he commanded . 
 `` if she walks free in the next two minutes , i 'll kill you quickly . 
 anything longer than that , and i will rip you apart , one piece at a time . 
 and trust me when i say i will enjoy every last scream you utter . '' 
 `` ca n't - kill - me ! '' 
 hank sputtered . 
 he felt a searing pain erupt across his cheek . 
 he howled , but the sound never made it past his lips . 
 his windpipe was crushed , vised in the angel 's grip . 
 the raw , burning pain intensified , and all around , hank could smell blood mixed with his own perspiration . 
 `` one piece at a time , '' the angel hissed , dangling something papery and drenched in dark liquid over hank 's whirling vision . 
 hank felt his eyes widen . 
 his skin ! 
 `` call your men , '' the angel ordered , sounding infinitely less patient . 
 `` ca n't - talk ! '' 
 hank gurgled . 
 if he could only reach the panic button ... swear an oath to release her now , and i 'll let you talk . 
 the angel 's threat slipped easily into hank 's head . 
 you 're making a big mistake , boy , hank fired back . 
 his fingers brushed his pocket , slipping inside . 
 he clenched the panic device . 
 the angel made a guttural sound of impatience , ripped the device away and hurled it into the fog . 
 swear the oath or your arm goes next . 
 i 'll uphold our original deal , hank returned . 
 i 'll spare her life and bury all thought of avenging chauncey langeais 's death if you 'll bring me the information i need . 
 until then , i vow to treat her humanely - the angel slammed hank 's head against the ground . 
 between the nausea and pain , he heard the angel say , i 'm not leaving her with you another five minutes , let alone the time it will take me to get what you want . 
 hank tried to peer over the angel 's shoulder , but all he saw was a fence of gravestones . 
 the angel had him on the ground , blocked from view . 
 his men could n't see him . 
 he did n't believe the angel could kill him-he was immortal-but he was n't going to lie here and let himself be mutilated until he resembled a corpse . 
 he curled his lips and locked eyes with the angel . 
 i 'll never forget how loud she screamed when i dragged her away . 
 did you know she screamed your name ? 
 over and over . 
 she said you 'd come for her . 
 that was the first couple of days , of course . 
 i think she 's finally starting to accept you 're no match for me . 
 he watched the angel 's face darken as if with blood . 
 his shoulders shook , his black eyes dilated with rage . 
 and then it all happened in stunning agony . 
 one moment hank was on the verge of blacking out from the white-hot pain of his pummeled flesh , and the next he was staring at the angel 's fists , painted with his blood . 
 a deafening howl thundered out of hank 's body . 
 the pain exploded inside him , nearly knocking him unconscious . 
 from some distant place , he heard the running feet of his nephilim men . 
 `` get-him-off-me ! '' 
 he snarled as the angel tore at his body . 
 every nerve ending raged with fire . 
 heat and agony leaked from his pores . 
 he caught sight of his hand , but there was no flesh - only mangled bone . 
 the angel was going to shred him to pieces . 
 he heard grunts of effort from his men , but the angel was still on top of him , his hands raking fire everywhere they touched . 
 hank swore viciously . 
 `` blakely ! '' 
 `` pull him off now ! '' 
 came blakely 's gruff command to his men . 
 not soon enough , the angel was dragged away . 
 hank lay on the ground , panting . 
 he was wet with blood , pain stabbing him like hot pokers . 
 slapping aside blakely 's offered hand , hank climbed with effort to his feet . 
 he felt unstable , swaying and intoxicated with his own suffering . 
 by the gaping stares of his men , hank knew he was a horrific sight . 
 given the severity of the wounds , it might take him an entire week to heal-even with the enhancements of devilcraft . 
 `` should we take him away , sir ? '' 
 hank dabbed a handkerchief to his lip , which was split open and hung from his face like pulp . 
 `` no . 
 we have no use for him locked up . 
 tell dagger the girl is to have nothing but water for forty-eight hours . '' 
 his breathing was ragged . 
 `` if our boy here ca n't cooperate , she pays . '' 
 with a nod , blakely turned from the scene , dialing on his phone . 
 hank spat out a bloodied tooth , studied it quietly , then tucked it in his pocket . 
 he fixed his eyes on the angel , whose only outward sign of fury came in the form of clenched fists . 
 `` once again , the terms of our oath , so there 's no further misunderstanding . 
 first , you will earn back the confidence of fall en angels , rejoining their ranks - '' `` i 'll kill you , '' the angel said with quiet warning . 
 though he was held by five men , he no longer struggled . 
 he stood deathly still , his eyes black orbs burning with vengeance . 
 for one moment , hank felt a pang of fear strike like a match inside his gut . 
 he strove for cool indifference . '' 
 - following which , you will spy on them and report their dealings directly to me . '' 
 `` i swear now , '' the angel said , his breathing controlled but elevated , `` with these men as my witnesses , i will not rest until you are dead . '' 
 `` a waste of breath . 
 you ca n't kill me . 
 perhaps you 've forgotten from whom a nephil claims his immortal birthright ? '' 
 a murmur of amusement circled his men , but hank waved them to silence . 
 `` when i 've determined you 've given me enough information to successfully prevent fall en angels from possessing nephilim bodies this coming cheshvan - '' `` every hand you lay on her i will return tenfold . '' 
 hank 's mouth twisted into a suggestion of a smile . 
 `` an unnecessary sentiment , do n't you think ? 
 by the time i 'm through with her , she wo n't remember your name . '' 
 `` remember this moment , '' the angel said with icy vehemence . 
 `` it 's going to come back to haunt you . '' 
 `` enough of this , '' hank snapped , making a disgusted gesture and starting back toward the car . 
 `` take him to delphic amusement park . 
 we want him back among the fall en as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i 'll give you my wings . '' 
 hank stopped his departure , not sure he 'd heard the angel correctly . 
 he barked a laugh . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` swear an oath to release nora right now , and they 're yours . '' 
 the angel sounded haggard , giving away the first hint of defeat . 
 music to hank 's ears . 
 `` what use would i have for your wings ? '' 
 he retorted blandly , but the angel had caught his attention . 
 as far as he knew , no nephil had ever torn out the wings of an angel . 
 they did it among their own kind now and then , but the idea of a nephil having that power was quite the novelty . 
 quite the temptation . 
 tales of his conquest would sweep through nephilim households overnight . 
 `` you 'll think of something , '' the angel said with increasing weariness . 
 `` i 'll swear an oath to release her before cheshvan , '' hank countered , smothering all eagerness from his voice , knowing that to reveal his delight would be disastrous . 
 `` not good enough . '' 
 `` your wings might make a pretty trophy , but i have a bigger agenda . 
 i 'll release her by the end of summer , my final offer . '' 
 he turned , walking away , swallowing down his greedy enthusiasm . 
 `` done , '' the angel said with quiet resignation , and hank released a slow breath . 
 he turned . 
 `` how is it to be done ? '' 
 `` your men will tear them out . '' 
 hank opened his mouth to argue , but the angel cut him off . 
 `` they 're strong enough . 
 if i do n't fight , nine or ten of them together could do it . 
 i 'll go back to living beneath delphic and make it known the archangels tore out my wings . 
 but for this to work , you and i ca n't have any connection , '' he warned . 
 without delay , hank shook a few drops of blood from his disfigured hand to the grass at his feet . 
 `` i swear my oath to release nora before summer 's end . 
 if i break my vow , i plead that i may die and return to the dust from which i was created . '' 
 the angel tugged his shirt over his head and braced his hands on his knees . 
 his torso rose and fell with every breath . 
 with a certain bravery hank both detested and envied , the angel told him , `` get on with it . '' 
 hank would have liked to do the honors , but his wariness won out . 
 he could n't be certain there were n't traces of devilcraft all over him . 
 if the place where an angel 's wings fused into his back were as receptive as rumor had it , one touch might give him away . 
 he 'd worked too hard to slip up this late in the game . 
 quelling his regret , hank addressed his men . 
 `` tear out the angel 's wings and clean up any mess . 
 then dump his body at delphic 's gates , where he 'll be sure to be found . 
 and take care not to be seen . '' 
 he would have liked to order them to brand the angel with his mark-a clenched fist-a visible display of triumph sure to increase his stature among nephilim everywhere , but the angel had a point . 
 for this to work , they could leave no evidence of association . 
 back at the car , hank gazed over the cemetery . 
 the event was already over . 
 the angel lay prostrate on the ground , shirtless , two open wounds running the length of his back . 
 though he had n't felt an ounce of pain , his body appeared to have gone into shock from the loss . 
 hank had also heard a fall en angel 's wing scars were his achil es ' heel . 
 in this , the rumors appeared to be true . 
 `` should we call it a night ? '' 
 blakely asked , coming up behind him . 
 `` one more phone call , '' hank said with an undercurrent of irony . 
 `` to the girl 's mother . '' 
 he dialed and put his cell phone to his ear . 
 he cleared his throat , adopting a strained and worried pitch . 
 `` blythe , darling , i just got your message . 
 the family and i have been on vacation and i 'm rushing to the airport now . 
 i 'll catch the first flight out . 
 tell me everything . 
 what do you mean , kidnapped ? 
 are you certain ? 
 what did the police say ? '' 
 he paused , listening to her anguished sobs . 
 `` listen to me , '' he told her firmly . 
 `` i am here for you . 
 i 'll exhaust every resource i have , if that 's what it takes . 
 if nora is out there , we will find her . '' 
 chapter 1 coldwater , maine present day even before i opened my eyes , i knew i was in danger . 
 i stirred at the soft crunch of footsteps drawing closer . 
 a dim flicker of sleep remained , dulling my focus . 
 i was flat on my back , a chil seeping through my shirt . 
 my neck was crooked at a painful angle , and i opened my eyes . 
 thin stones loomed out of the blue-black fog . 
 for a strange suspended moment , an image of crooked teeth came to mind , and then i saw them for what they really were . 
 gravestones . 
 i tried to push myself up to sitting , but my hands slipped on the wet grass . 
 fighting the haze of sleep still curled around my mind , i rolled sideways off a half-sunken grave , feeling my way through the vapor . 
 the knees of my pants soaked up dew as i crawled between the haphazardly placed graves and monuments . 
 mild recognition hovered , but it was a side thought ; i could n't bring myself to focus through the excruciating pain radiating inside my skull . 
 i crawled along a wrought-iron fence , tamping down a layer of decaying leaves that had been years in the making . 
 a ghoulish howl drifted down from above , and while it sent a shudder through me , it was n't the sound i was most frightened of . 
 the footsteps trampled over the grass behind me , but whether they were near or far i could n't tell . 
 a shout of pursuit cut through the mist , and i hurried my pace . 
 i knew instinctively that i had to hide , but i was disoriented ; it was too dark to see clearly , the eerie blue fog casting spells before my eyes . 
 in the distance , trapped between two walls of spindly and overgrown trees , a white stone mausoleum glowed through the night . 
 rising to my feet , i ran toward it . 
 i slipped between two marble monuments , and when i came out on the other side , he was waiting for me . 
 a towering silhouette , his arm raised to strike . 
 i tripped backward . 
 as i fell , i realized my mistake : he was made of stone . 
 an angel raised on a pediment , guarding the dead . 
 i might have smothered a nervous laugh , but my head collided against something hard , jarring the world sideways . 
 darkness encroached on my vision . 
 i could n't have been out for long . 
 when the stark black of unconsciousness faded , i was still breathing hard from the exertion of running . 
 i knew i had to get up , but i could n't remember why . 
 so i lay there , the icy dew mingling with the warm sweat of my skin . 
 at long last i blinked , and it was then that the nearest headstone sharpened into focus . 
 the engraved letters of the epitaph snapped into single-file lines . 
 harrison grey a devoted husband and father died march 16 , 2008 i bit down on my lip to keep from crying out . 
 now i understood the familiar shadow that had lurked over my shoulder since waking up minutes ago . 
 i was in coldwater 's city cemetery . 
 at my dad 's gravesite . 
 a nightmare , i thought . 
 i have n't really woken yet . 
 this is all just a horrible dream . 
 the angel watched me , his chipped wings unfurled behind him , his right arm pointing across the cemetery . 
 his expression was carefully detached , but the curve of his lips was more wry than benevolent . 
 for one moment , i was almost able to trick myself into believing he was real and i was n't alone . 
 i smiled at him , then felt my lip quiver . 
 i dragged my sleeve along my cheekbone , wiping away tears , though i did n't remember starting to cry . 
 i desperately wanted to climb into his arms , feeling the beat of his wings on air as he flew us over the gates and away from this place . 
 the resumed sound of footsteps pulled me out of my stupor . 
 they were faster now , crashing through the grass . 
 i turned toward the sound , bewildered by the bob of light twinkling in and out of the misty darkness . 
 its beam rose and fell to the cadence of the footsteps-crunch ... sweep ... crunch ... sweep - a flashlight . 
 i squinted when the light came to a stop between my eyes , dazzling me blind . 
 i had the terrible realization that i definitely was n't dreaming . 
 `` lookie here , '' a man 's voice snarled , hidden behind the glare of light . 
 `` you ca n't be here . 
 cemetery is closed . '' 
 i turned my face away , specks of light still dancing behind my eyelids . 
 `` how many others are there ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` what ? '' 
 my voice was a dry whisper . 
 `` how many more are here with you ? '' 
 he continued more aggressively . 
 `` thought you 'd come out and play night games , did you ? 
 hide-and-seek , i reckon ? 
 or maybe ghosts in the graveyard ? 
 not on my watch , you are n't ! '' 
 what was i doing here ? 
 had i come to visit my dad ? 
 i fished through my memory , but it was disturbingly empty . 
 i could n't remember coming to the cemetery . 
 i could n't remember much of anything . 
 it was as if the whole night had been ripped out from under my feet . 
 worse , i could n't remember this morning . 
 i could n't remember dressing , eating , school . 
 was it even a school day ? 
 momentarily shoving my panic deep down , i concentrated on orienting myself physically and accepted the man 's outstretched hand . 
 as soon as i was sitting upright , the flashlight glared at me again . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he wanted to know . 
 finally something i knew for certain . 
 `` sixteen . '' 
 almost seventeen . 
 my birthday was coming up in august . 
 `` what in the sam hill are you doing out here by yourself ? 
 do n't you know it 's past curfew ? '' 
 i looked around helplessly . 
 `` i - '' `` you ai n't a runaway , are you ? 
 just tell me you 've got someplace to go . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the farmhouse . 
 at the sudden recol ection of home , my heart lifted , followed by the sensation of my stomach plummeting to my knees . 
 out after curfew ? 
 how long after ? 
 i tried unsuccessfully to shut out the image of my mom 's enraged expression when i walked through the front door . 
 `` does ` yes ' got an address ? '' 
 `` hawthorne lane . '' 
 i stood , but swayed violently when blood rushed to my head . 
 why could n't i remember how i 'd gotten here ? 
 surely i 'd driven . 
 but where had i parked the fiat ? 
 and where was my handbag ? 
 my keys ? 
 `` been drinking ? '' 
 he asked , narrowing his eyes . 
 i shook my head . 
 the beam of the flashlight had slipped marginally off my face , when suddenly it was square between my eyes yet again . 
 `` hold on a second , '' he said , a note of something i did n't like slipping into his voice . 
 `` you 're not that girl , are you ? 
 nora grey , '' he blurted , as if my name was a knee-jerk response . 
 i retreated a step . 
 `` how-do you know my name ? '' 
 `` the tv . 
 the reward . 
 hank mill ar posted it . '' 
 `` the tv . 
 the reward . 
 hank mill ar posted it . '' 
 whatever he said next floated past . 
 marcie mill ar was the closest thing i had to an archenemy . 
 what did her dad have to do with this ? 
 `` they 've been looking for you since end of june . '' 
 `` june ? '' 
 i repeated , a drop of panic splattering inside me . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 it 's april . '' 
 and who was looking for me ? 
 hank millar ? 
 why ? 
 `` april ? '' 
 he eyed me queerly . 
 `` why , girlie , it 's september . '' 
 september ? 
 no . 
 it could n't be . 
 i would know if sophomore year had ended . 
 i would know if summer vacation had come and gone . 
 i 'd woken up a mere handful of minutes ago , disoriented , yes , but not stupid . 
 but what reason did he have to lie ? 
 with the flashlight lowered , i looked him over , getting my first full picture . 
 his jeans were stained , his facial hair tufted from days without a razor , his fingernails long and black under the tips . 
 he looked an awful lot like the vagabonds who wandered the railroad tracks and shacked up by the river during the summer months . 
 they were known to carry weapons . 
 `` you 're right , i should be getting home , '' i said , backing away , brushing my hand against my pocket . 
 the familiar bump of my cell phone was missing . 
 same with my car keys . 
 `` now just where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 he asked , coming after me . 
 my stomach cramped at his sudden movement , and i broke into a run . 
 i raced in the direction the stone angel pointed , hoping it led to a south gate . 
 i would have used the north gate , the one i was familiar with , but it would have required me to run toward the man , instead of away . 
 the ground cut away beneath my feet , and i stumbled downhill . 
 branches scraped my arms ; my shoes slapped against the uneven and rocky ground . 
 `` nora ! '' 
 the man shouted . 
 i wanted to shake myself for telling him i lived on hawthorne lane . 
 what if he followed me ? 
 his stride was longer , and i heard him tramping behind me , closing in . 
 i flung my arms wildly , beating back the branches that sank like claws into my clothes . 
 his hand clamped my shoulder , and i swung around , batting it away . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 `` now hold on a minute . 
 i told you about the reward , and i aim to get it . '' 
 he lunged for my arm a second time , and on a shot of adrenaline , i drove my foot into his shin . 
 `` uuhn ! '' 
 he doubled over , clutching his lower leg . 
 i was shocked by my violence , but i did n't have any other choice . 
 staggering back a few steps , i cast a hasty look around , trying to get my bearings . 
 sweat dampened my shirt , slinking down my backbone , causing every hair on my body to stand tall . 
 something was off . 
 even with my groggy memory , i had a clear map of the cemetery in my head-i 'd been here countless times to visit my dad 's grave-but while the cemetery felt familiar , down to every last detail including the overwhelming smell of burning leaves and stale pond water , something about its appearance was off . 
 and then i put my finger on it . 
 the maple trees were speckled with red . 
 a sign of impending autumn . 
 but that was n't possible . 
 it was april , not september . 
 how could the leaves be changing ? 
 was the man possibly telling the truth ? 
 i glanced back to see the man limping after me , pressing his cell phone to his ear . 
 `` yeah , it 's her . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 leaving the cemetery , heading south . '' 
 i plunged ahead with renewed fear . 
 hop the fence . 
 find a well-lit , well-populated area . 
 call the police . 
 call vee - vee . 
 my best and most trusted friend . 
 her house was closer than mine . 
 i 'd go there . 
 her mom would call the police . 
 i 'd describe to them what the man looked like , and they 'd track him down . 
 they 'd make sure he left me alone . 
 then they 'd talk me back through the night , retracing my steps , and somehow the gaps in my memory would stitch back together and i 'd have something to work with . 
 i 'd shake off this detached version of myself , this feeling of being suspended in a world that was mine but rejecting me . 
 i stopped running only to hoist myself over the cemetery fence . 
 there was a field one block up , just on the other side of wentworth bridge . 
 i 'd cross it and weave my way up the tree streets-elm and maple and oak-cutting through all eys and side yards until i was safe inside vee 's house . 
 i was hurrying toward the bridge when the sharp sound of a siren wailed around the corner , and a pair of headlights pinned me in place . 
 a blue kojak light was attached to the roof of the sedan , which screeched to a halt on the far side of the bridge . 
 my first instinct was to run forward and point the police officer in the direction of the cemetery , describing the man who 'd grabbed me , but as my thoughts came around , i was filled with dread . 
 maybe he was n't a police officer . 
 maybe he was trying to look like one . 
 anyone could get their hands on a kojak light . 
 where was his squad car ? 
 from where i stood , squinting through his windshield , he did n't appear to be in uniform . 
 all these thoughts tumbled through me in a hurry . 
 i stood at the foot of the sloping bridge , gripping the stone wall for support . 
 i was sure the maybe-officer had seen me , but i moved into the shadows of the trees bowing over the river 's edge anyway . 
 from my peripheral vision , the black water of the wentworth river glinted . 
 as kids , vee and i had crouched under this very bridge , catching crawdads from the riverbank by inserting sticks speared with hotdog pieces into the water . 
 the crawdads had fastened their claws to the hotdog , refusing to let go even when we lifted them out of the river and shook them loose in a bucket . 
 the river was deep at the center . 
 it was also well hidden , snaking through undeveloped property where no one had forked out money to instal streetlights . 
 at the end of the field , the water rushed on toward the industrial district , past retired factories , and out to sea . 
 i briefly wondered if i had it in me to jump off the bridge . 
 i was terrified of heights and the sensation of falling , but i knew how to swim . 
 i only had to make it into the water ... a car door shut , yanking me back to the street . 
 the man in the maybe-police car had stepped out . 
 he was all mob : curly dark hair , and dressed formally in a black shirt , black tie , black slacks . 
 something about him slapped my memory . 
 but before i could truly grasp it , my memory slammed shut and i was as lost as ever . 
 an assortment of twigs and branches littered the ground . 
 i bent down , and when i straightened , i was holding a stick half as thick as my arm . 
 the maybe-officer pretended not to see my weapon , but i knew he had . 
 he pinned a police badge to his shirt , then raised his hands level with his shoulders . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you , the gesture said . 
 i did n't believe him . 
 he sauntered a few steps forward , taking care not to make any sudden movements . 
 `` nora . 
 it 's me . '' 
 i flinched when he spoke my name . 
 i 'd never heard his voice before , and that made my heart pound hard enough that i felt it clear up around my ears . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 i continued to watch him with growing anxiety , my mind darting in multiple directions . 
 the badge could easily be fake . 
 i 'd already decided the kojak light was . 
 but if he was n't police , who was he ? 
 `` i called your mom , '' he said , climbing the gradual slope of the bridge . 
 `` she 's going to meet us at the hospital . '' 
 i did n't drop the stick . 
 my shoulders rose and fell with every breath ; i could feel air panting between my teeth . 
 another bead of sweat slicked beneath my clothes . 
 `` everything 's going to be okay , '' he said . 
 `` it 's all over . 
 i 'm not going to let anybody hurt you . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 i did n't like his long , easy stride or the familiar way he spoke to me . 
 `` do n't come any closer , '' i told him , the sweat on my palms making it hard to grip the stick properly . 
 his forehead creased . 
 `` nora ? '' 
 the stick wobbled in my hand . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 i demanded , not about to let him know how scared i was . 
 how much he scared me . 
 `` it 's me , '' he repeated , gazing straight into my eyes , as if he expected lights to coming blazing on . 
 `` detective basso . '' 
 `` i do n't know you . '' 
 he said nothing for a moment . 
 then tried a new approach . 
 `` do you remember where you 've been ? '' 
 i watched him warily . 
 i moved deeper in my memory , looking down even the darkest and oldest corridors , but his face was n't there . 
 i had no recol ection of him . 
 and i wanted to remember him . 
 i wanted something-anything-familiar to cling to , so i could make sense of a world that , from my vantage point , had been twisted to distortion . 
 `` how did you get to the cemetery tonight ? '' 
 he asked , tilting his head ever so slightly in that direction . 
 his movements were cautious . 
 his eyes were cautious . 
 even the line of his mouth was politic . 
 `` did someone drop you off ? 
 did you walk ? '' 
 he waited . 
 `` i need you to tell me , nora . 
 this is important . 
 what happened tonight ? '' 
 i 'd like to know myself . 
 a wave of nausea rolled through me . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 i heard a brittle clatter near my feet . 
 too late , i realized i 'd dropped the stick . 
 the breeze felt cold on my empty palms . 
 i was n't supposed to be here . 
 the whole night was a huge mistake . 
 no . 
 not the whole night . 
 what did i know of it ? 
 i could n't remember the whole of it . 
 my only starting point was a slice back in time , when i 'd woken on a grave , cold and lost . 
 i drew up a mental picture of the farmhouse , safe and warm and real , and felt a tear trickle down the side of my nose . 
 `` i can take you home . '' 
 he nodded sympathetically . 
 `` i just need to take you to the hospital first . '' 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , hating myself for being reduced to crying . 
 i could n't think of a better or faster way to show him just how frightened i really was . 
 he sighed-the softest of sounds , as if he wished there were a way around the news he was about to deliver . 
 `` you 've been missing for eleven weeks , nora . 
 do you hear what i 'm saying ? 
 nobody knows where you 've been the past three months . 
 you need to be looked at . 
 we need to make sure you 're okay . '' 
 i stared at him without really seeing him . 
 tiny bells pealed in my ears but sounded very far off . 
 deep in my stomach i felt a lurch , but i tried to stuff the queasiness away . 
 i 'd cried in front of him , but i was n't going to be sick . 
 `` we think you were abducted , '' he said , his face unreadable . 
 he 'd closed the distance between us and now stood too close . 
 saying things i could n't grasp . 
 `` kidnapped . '' 
 i blinked . 
 just stood there and blinked . 
 a sensation grabbed my heart , tugging and twisting . 
 my body went slack , tottering in the air . 
 i saw the gold blur of the streetlights above , heard the river lapping under the bridge , smelled the exhaust from his running car . 
 but it was all in the background . 
 a dizzy afterthought . 
 with only that brief warning , i felt myself swaying , swaying . 
 falling into nothing . 
 i was unconscious before i hit the ground . 
 chapter 2 i woke in a hospital . 
 the ceiling was white , the walls a serene blue . 
 the room smelled of lilies , fabric softener , and ammonia . 
 a cart on wheels pushed up beside my bed balanced two flower arrangements , a bouquet of ball oons that cheered get well soon ! 
 and a purple foil gift bag . 
 the names on the note cards seesawed in and out of focus . 
 dorothea and lionel . 
 vee . 
 there was movement in the corner . 
 `` oh , baby , '' a familiar voice whispered , and the person behind it flung herself out of her chair and at me . 
 `` oh , sweetheart . '' 
 she sat on the edge of my bed and drew me into a suffocating hug . 
 `` i love you , '' she choked into my ear . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 the mere sound of her name scattered the nightmares i 'd just pulled myself out of . 
 a wave of calm filled me , loosening the knot of fear in my chest . 
 i knew she was crying by the way her body shook against mine , little tremors at first and then great racking heaves . 
 `` you remember me , '' she said , nothing short of deliverance welling up in her voice . 
 `` i was so scared . 
 i thought-oh , baby . 
 i thought the worst ! '' 
 and just like that , the nightmares crept back under my skin . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 i asked , something greasy and acidic churning in my stomach . 
 `` what the detective said . 
 was i ... for eleven weeks ... '' i could n't bring myself to say the word . 
 kidnapped . 
 it was so clinical . 
 so impossible . 
 she made a sound of distress . 
 `` what-happened to me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 mom dragged her fingertips under her eyes to dry them . 
 i knew her well enough to know she was only trying to appear self-composed for my benefit . 
 i immediately braced myself for bad news . 
 `` the police are doing everything they can to piece together answers . '' 
 she put on a smile , but it wavered . 
 as if she needed something to anchor herself to , she reached for my hand and squeezed it . 
 `` the most important thing is that you 're back . 
 you 're home . 
 everything that happened-it 's over . 
 we 're going to get through this . '' 
 `` how was i kidnapped ? '' 
 the question was directed more at myself . 
 how had this happened ? 
 who would want to kidnap me ? 
 had they pulled up in a car while i was leaving school ? 
 stuffed me in the trunk while i was crossing the parking lot ? 
 had it been that easy ? 
 please no . 
 why had n't i run ? 
 why had n't i fought ? 
 why had it taken me so long to escape ? 
 because clearly that 's what had happened . 
 was n't it ? 
 the shortage of answers pecked away at me . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` detective basso said even a small detail might be helpful . 
 think back . 
 try to remember . 
 how did you get to the cemetery ? 
 where were you before that ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember anything . 
 it 's like my memory ... '' i broke off . 
 it was like part of my memory had been stolen . 
 snatched away , with nothing left in its place but a hollow panic . 
 a feeling of violation swayed inside me , making me feel as if i 'd been shoved off a high platform without warning . 
 i was falling , and i feared the sensation far more than hitting bottom . 
 there was no end ; just a constant sense of gravity having its way with me . 
 `` what is the last thing you remember ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 `` school . '' 
 the answer rolled off my tongue automatically . 
 slowly my shattered memories began to stir , fragments shifting back together , locking against one another to form something solid . 
 `` i had a biology test coming up . 
 but i guess i missed it , '' i added , the reality of those eleven missing weeks sinking in deeper . 
 i had a clear picture of sitting in coach mcconaughy 's biology class . 
 the familiar smells of chalk dust , cleaning supplies , stuffy air , and the ever-present tang of body odor rose up from memory . 
 vee was beside me , my lab partner . 
 our textbooks were open on the black granite table in front of us , but vee had stealthily slid a copy of us weekly into hers . 
 `` you mean chemistry , '' mom corrected . 
 `` summer school . '' 
 i fastened my eyes to hers , unsure . 
 `` i 've never gone to summer school . '' 
 mom brought her hand to her mouth . 
 her skin had blanched . 
 the only sound in the room was the methodical tick of the clock above the window . 
 i heard each tiny chime echo through me , ten times , before i found my voice . 
 `` what day is it ? 
 what month ? '' 
 my mind spun back to the cemetery . 
 the composting leaves . 
 the subtle chil in the air . 
 the man with the flashlight insisting it was september . 
 the only word repeating over and over in my mind was no . 
 no , it was n't possible . 
 no , this was n't happening . 
 no , months of my life could n't have just walked off unnoticed . 
 i shoved my way back through my memories , trying to grasp anything that could help me bridge this moment to sitting in coach 's biology class . 
 but there was nothing to build on . 
 any memory of summer was completely and utterly gone . 
 `` it 's okay , baby , '' mom murmured . 
 `` we 're going to get your memory back . 
 dr. howlett said most patients see marked improvement over time . '' 
 i tried to sit up , but my arms were a tangle of tubes and medical monitoring equipment . 
 `` just tell me what month it is ! '' 
 i repeated hysterically . 
 `` september . '' 
 her crumpled face was unbearable . 
 `` september sixth . '' 
 i sank back down , blinking . 
 `` i thought it was april . 
 i ca n't remember anything past april . '' 
 i threw up walls to block the outbreak of fear banging inside me . 
 i could n't deal with it in one great flood . 
 `` is summer really-is it over ? 
 just like that ? '' 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 she echoed in a detached voice . 
 `` it dragged on . 
 every day without you ... eleven weeks of knowing nothing ... the panic , the worry , the fear , the hopelessness never ending ... '' i mulled this over , doing the math . 
 `` if it 's september , and i was gone for eleven weeks , then i went missing - '' `` june twenty-first , '' she said blandly . 
 `` the night of summer solstice . '' 
 the wall i 'd built was cracking faster than i could mentally repair it . 
 `` but i do n't remember june . 
 i do n't even remember may . '' 
 we watched each other , and i knew we were sharing the same terrible thought . 
 was it possible my amnesia stretched further than the missing eleven weeks , all the way back to april ? 
 how could something like this even happen ? 
 `` what did the doctor say ? '' 
 i asked , moistening my lips , which felt papery and dry . 
 `` did i have a head injury ? 
 was i drugged ? 
 why ca n't i remember anything ? '' 
 `` dr. howlett said it 's retrograde amnesia . '' 
 mom paused . 
 `` it means some of your preexisting memories are lost . 
 we just were n't sure how far back the memory loss went . 
 april , '' she whispered to herself , and i could see all hope fading from her eyes . 
 `` lost ? 
 how lost ? '' 
 `` he thinks it 's psychological . '' 
 i plowed my hands through my hair , leaving an oily residue on my fingers . 
 it suddenly dawned on me that i had n't considered where i 'd been all those weeks . 
 i could have been chained in a dank basement . 
 or tied in the woods . 
 clearly i had n't showered in days . 
 a glance at my arms revealed smudges of dirt , small cuts , and bruises all over . 
 what had i gone through ? 
 `` psychological ? '' 
 i forced myself to shut out the speculations , which only made the hysteria clamp down harder . 
 i had to stay strong . 
 i needed answers . 
 i could n't fall apart . 
 if i could force my mind to focus despite the spots popping across my vision ... `` he thinks you 're blocking it to avoid remembering something traumatic . '' 
 `` i 'm not blocking it . '' 
 i closed my eyes , unable to control the tears leaking from the corners . 
 i sucked in a shaky breath and clamped my hands into tight balls to stop the awful trembling in my fingers . 
 `` i would know if i was trying to forget five months of my life , '' i said , speaking slowly to force a measure of calm into my voice . 
 `` i want to know what happened to me . '' 
 if i glared at her , she ignored it . 
 `` try to remember , '' she urged gently . 
 `` was it a man ? 
 were you with a male this whole time ? '' 
 was i ? 
 up until this point , i had n't put a face with my kidnapper . 
 the only picture in my head was of a monster lurking beyond the reach of light . 
 a terrible cloud of uncertainty loomed over me . 
 `` you know you do n't have to protect anyone , right ? '' 
 she continued in that same soft tone . 
 `` if you know who you were with , you can tell me . 
 no matter what they told you , you 're safe now . 
 they ca n't get you . 
 they did this horrible thing to you , and it 's their fault . 
 their fault , '' she repeated . 
 a sob of frustration rose in my throat . 
 the term `` blank slate '' was nauseatingly accurate . 
 i was about to voice my hopelessness , when a shadow stirred near the doorway . 
 detective basso stood just inside the room 's entrance . 
 his arms were folded over his chest , his eyes alert . 
 my body reflexively tensed . 
 mom must have felt it ; she looked beyond the bed , following my gaze . 
 `` i thought nora might remember something while it was just the two of us , '' she told detective basso apologetically . 
 `` i know you said you wanted to question her , but i just thought - '' he nodded , signaling that it was okay . 
 then he walked over , staring down at me . 
 `` you said you do n't have a clear picture , but even fuzzy details might help . '' 
 `` like hair color , '' mom interjected . 
 `` maybe it was ... black , for instance ? '' 
 i wanted to tell her there was nothing , not even a lingering snapshot of color , but i did n't dare with detective basso in the room . 
 i did n't trust him . 
 instinct told me something about him was ... off . 
 when he stood close , the hairs on my scalp tingled , and i had the brief but distinct feeling of an ice cube slithering down the back of my neck . 
 `` i want to go home , '' was all i said . 
 mom and detective basso shared a look . 
 `` dr. howlett needs to run a few tests , '' mom said . 
 `` what kind of tests ? '' 
 `` oh , things related to your amnesia . 
 it 'll be over in no time . 
 and then we 'll go home . '' 
 she waved a hand dismissively , which only made me more suspicious . 
 i faced detective basso , since he seemed to have all the answers . 
 `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 his expression was as unfaltering as steel . 
 i supposed years as a cop had perfected that look . 
 `` we need to run a few tests . 
 make sure everything is fine . '' 
 fine ? 
 what part of any of this seemed fine to him ? 
 chapter 3 my mom and i live in a farmhouse nestled between coldwater 's city limits and the remote outback regions of maine . 
 stand at any window , and it 's like a glimpse back in time . 
 vast unadulterated wilderness on one side , flaxen fields framed by evergreen trees on the other . 
 we live at the end of hawthorne lane and are divided from our nearest neighbors by a mile . 
 at night , with the fireflies lighting up the trees in gold , and the fragrance of warm , musky pine overwhelming the air , it 's not hard to trick my mind into believing i 've transported myself into a completely different century . 
 if i slant my vision just so , i can even picture a red barn and grazing sheep . 
 our house has white paint , blue shutters , and a wraparound porch with a slope grade visible to the nak * d eye . 
 the windows are long and narrow , and protest with an obnoxiously loud groan when pushed open . 
 my dad used to say there was no need to instal an alarm in my bedroom window , a secret joke between us , since we both knew i was hardly the kind of daughter to sneak out . 
 my parents moved into the farmhouse-slash-money-pit shortly before i was born on the philosophy that you ca n't argue with love at first sight . 
 their dream was straightforward : to slowly restore the house to its charming 1771 condition , and one day hammer a bed-and-breakfast sign in the front yard and serve the best lobster bisque up and down maine 's coast . 
 the dream dissolved when my dad was murdered one night in downtown portland . 
 this morning i 'd been released from the hospital , and now i was alone in my room . 
 hugging a pillow to my chest , i eased back on my bed , my eyes nostalgically tracing the coll age of pictures tacked to a corkboard on the wall . 
 there were snapshots of my parents posing at the top of raspberry hill , vee modeling a span-dex catwoman disaster she sewed for hall oween a few years back , my sophomore yearbook picture . 
 looking at our smiling faces , i tried to fool myself into believing i was safe now that i was back in my world . 
 the truth was , i 'd never feel safe and i 'd never have my life back until i could remember what i 'd gone through during the last five months , particularly the last two and a half . 
 five months seemed insignificant held up against seventeen years -lrb- i 'd missed my seventeenth birthday during those eleven unaccountable weeks -rrb- , but the missing gap was all i could see . 
 a huge hole standing in my path , blocking me from seeing beyond it . 
 i had no past , no future . 
 only a huge void that haunted me . 
 the tests dr. howlett had ordered had come back fine , just fine . 
 as far as anyone could tell , except for a few healing cuts and bruises , my physical health was as stel ar as it had been on the day i 'd gone missing . 
 but the deeper things , the invisible things , those parts of me that lay under the surface out of reach of any test-with those things i found my resilience wavering . 
 who was i now ? 
 what had i undergone during those missing months ? 
 had the trauma shaped me in ways i would never understand ? 
 or worse , never recover from ? 
 mom had imposed a strict no-visitors policy while i was in the hospital , and dr. howlett had backed her up . 
 i could understand their concern , but now that i was home and slowly settling back into the familiarity of my world , i was n't going to let mom seal me up with the well-meant but misguided intention of protecting me . 
 maybe i was changed , but i was still me . 
 and the only thing i wanted right now was to talk everything out with vee . 
 downstairs , i swiped mom 's blackberry off the counter and took it back to my room . 
 when i 'd woken up in the cemetery , i had n't had my cell phone with me , and until i picked up a replacement , her phone would have to do . 
 it 's nora . 
 can u talk ? 
 i texted vee . 
 it was late , and vee 's mom enforced lights-out at ten . 
 if i called , and her mom heard the ring , it could mean a lot of trouble for vee . 
 knowing mrs. sky , i did n't think she 'd be lenient , even with the special nature of the circumstances . 
 a moment later the blackberry chimed . 
 babe ?!?!!!!!! am freaking out . 
 am a total wreck . 
 where r u ? 
 call me at this number . 
 i set the blackberry in my lap , chewing the tip of my nail . 
 i could n't believe how nervous i felt . 
 this was vee . 
 but best friends or not , we had n't talked in months . 
 it did n't feel that long in my mind , but there it was . 
 thinking of the two sayings , `` absence makes the heart grow fonder '' versus `` out of sight , out of mind , '' i was definitely hoping for the former . 
 even though i was expecting vee 's call , i still jumped when the blackberry rang . 
 `` hello ? 
 hello ? '' 
 vee said . 
 hearing her voice caused my throat to thicken with emotion . 
 `` it 's me ! '' 
 i choked . '' 
 ` bout time , '' she huffed , but her voice sounded thick and emotional too . 
 `` i was at the hospital all day yesterday , but they would n't let me see you . 
 i bolted past security , but they called a code ninetynine and chased me down . 
 they escorted me out in handcuffs , and by escorted i mean there was a lot of kicking and bad language being slung in both directions . 
 the way i see it , the only criminal here is your mom . 
 no visitors ? 
 i 'm your best friend , or did she not get the memo every year for the past eleven ? 
 next time i 'm over , i am going to lay into that woman . '' 
 in the darkness , i felt my trembling lips crack into a smile . 
 i clutched the phone to my chest , torn between laughing and crying . 
 i should have known vee would n't let me down . 
 the memory of everything that had gone horribly wrong since i 'd woken up in the cemetery three nights ago was quickly eclipsed by the mere fact that i had the best friend in the world . 
 maybe everything else had changed , but my relationship with vee was rock solid . 
 we were unbreakable . 
 nothing could change that . 
 `` vee , '' i breathed , a sigh of relief . 
 i wanted to bask in the normalcy of this moment . 
 it was late , we were supposed to be sleeping , and here we were , chatting with the lights off . 
 last year vee 's mom had trashed vee 's phone after catching her talking to me after lights-out . 
 the next morning , in front of the whole neighborhood , vee went dumpster diving for it . 
 to this day , she uses that phone . 
 we call it oscar , as in oscar the grouch . 
 `` are they giving you quality drugs ? '' 
 vee asked . 
 `` apparently anthony amowitz 's dad is a pharmacist , and i could probably score you some good stuff . '' 
 my eyebrows lifted in surprise . 
 `` what 's this ? 
 you and anthony ? '' 
 `` heck , no . 
 not like that . 
 i 've sworn off guys . 
 if i need romance , that 's what netflix is for . '' 
 i 'll believe it when i see it , i thought with a smirk . 
 `` where is my best friend and what have you done with her ? '' 
 `` i 'm doing boy detox . 
 like a diet , only for my emotional health . 
 never mind that , i 'm coming over , '' vee continued . 
 `` i have n't seen my best friend in three months , and this phone reunion is crap . 
 girl , i 'm gon na show you the bear in hug . '' 
 `` good luck getting past my mom , '' i said . 
 `` she 's the new spokeswoman for helicopter parenting . '' 
 `` that woman ! '' 
 vee hissed . 
 `` i 'm making the sign of the cross right now . '' 
 we could debate my mom 's status as a witch another day . 
 right now , we had more important things to discuss . 
 `` i want a rundown of the days leading up to my kidnapping , vee , '' i said , taking our conversation to a far more serious level . 
 `` i ca n't shake the feeling that my kidnapping was n't random . 
 there had to have been warning signs , but i ca n't remember any of them . 
 my doctor said the memory loss is temporary , but in the meantime i need you to tell me where i went , what i did , and who i was with that last week . 
 walk me through it . '' 
 vee was slow to answer . 
 `` you sure this is a good idea ? 
 it 's kind of soon to stress about that stuff . 
 your mom told me about the amnesia - '' `` seriously ? '' 
 i interjected . 
 `` you 're going to side with my mom ? '' 
 `` stuff it , '' vee muttered , relenting . 
 for the next twenty minutes , she recounted every event during that final week . 
 the more she talked , however , the more my heart sank . 
 no bizarre phone calls . 
 no strangers skulking unexpectedly into my life . 
 no unusual cars following us around town . 
 `` what about the night i disappeared ? '' 
 i asked , interrupting her midsentence . 
 `` we went to delphic amusement park . 
 i remember taking off to buy hot dogs ... and then all hell broke loose . 
 i heard gunfire and people started stampeding out of the park . 
 i circled back to find you , but you were gone . 
 i figured you 'd done the smart thing and bolted . 
 only i did n't find you in the parking lot . 
 i would have gone back inside the park , but the police came and kicked everybody out . 
 i tried to tell them that you might still be in the park , but they were n't in the mood . 
 they forced everyone home . 
 i called you a zill ion times , but you did n't answer . '' 
 it felt like someone had punched me in the stomach . 
 gunfire ? 
 delphic had a reputation , but still . 
 gunfire ? 
 it was so bizarre-so completely outrageous-that had anyone other than vee been telling me , i would n't have believed it . 
 vee said , `` i never saw you again . 
 i found out later about the whole hostage situation . '' 
 `` hostage situation ? '' 
 `` apparently the same psychopath who shot up the park held you hostage in the mechanical room under the fun house . 
 nobody knows why . 
 he eventually let you go and bolted . '' 
 i opened my mouth , shut it . 
 at last i managed a shocked , `` what ? '' 
 `` the police found you , got your statement , and took you home around two in the morning . 
 that was the last anybody saw you . 
 as for the guy who took you hostage ... nobody knows what happened to him . '' 
 right then , all the threads converged into one . 
 `` i must have been taken from my house , '' i concluded , working it out as i went . 
 `` after two a.m. , i was probably sleeping . 
 the guy who held me hostage must have followed me home . 
 whatever he hoped to accomplish at delphic was interrupted , and he came back for me . 
 he must have broken in . '' 
 `` that 's the thing . 
 there was no sign of a struggle . 
 doors and windows were all locked . '' 
 i kneaded the heel of my hand into my forehead . 
 `` did the police have any leads ? 
 this guy - whoever he was-couldn ' t have been a complete ghost . '' 
 `` they said he was most likely using a phony name . 
 but for what it 's worth , you told them his name was rixon . '' 
 `` i do n't know anyone named rixon . '' 
 vee sighed . 
 `` that 's the problem . 
 nobody does . '' 
 she was quiet a moment . 
 `` here 's another thing . 
 sometimes i think i recognize his name , but when i try to remember how , my mind goes blank . 
 like the memory is there , but i ca n't retrieve it . 
 almost like ... there 's a hole where his name should be . 
 it 's the freakiest feeling . 
 i keep telling myself maybe it 's just that i want to remember him , you know ? 
 like if i remember him-bingo ! 
 we have our bad guy . 
 and the police can arrest him . 
 too simple , i know . 
 and now i 'm just babbling , '' she said . 
 then , softly , `` still ... i could have sworn ... '' my bedroom door creaked open , and mom ducked her head inside . 
 `` i 'm going to turn in for the night . '' 
 her eyes traveled to the blackberry . 
 `` it 's getting late , and we both need our sleep . '' 
 she waited expectantly , and i caught her hidden message . 
 `` vee , i have to go . 
 i 'll call you tomorrow . '' 
 `` send the witch my love . '' 
 and she hung up . 
 `` do you need anything ? '' 
 mom asked , casually taking the black-berry from me . 
 `` water ? 
 extra blankets ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm good . 
 ` night , mom . '' 
 i forced a quick but reassuring smile . 
 `` did you double-check your window ? '' 
 `` three times . '' 
 she crossed the room and rattled the lock anyway . 
 when she found it secure , she gave a weak laugh . 
 `` does n't hurt to check one last time , right ? 
 good night , baby , '' she added , smoothing my hair and kissing my forehead . 
 after she backed out , i scrunched under my covers and mulled over everything vee had said . 
 a shoot-out at delphic , but why ? 
 what had the shooter hoped to accomplish ? 
 and why , of the presumably thousands of people at the park that night , had he chosen me as his hostage ? 
 maybe it was sheer bad luck on my side , but it did n't feel right . 
 the unknown spun through my head until i was exhausted . 
 if only - if only i could remember . 
 yawning , i settled in for sleep . 
 fifteen minutes ticked away . 
 then twenty . 
 flopping onto my back , i stared slightly cross-eyed at the ceiling , trying to sneak up on my memory and catch it off guard . 
 when that failed to produce results , i tried a more direct approach . 
 i banged my head against my pillow , trying to knock loose an image . 
 a line of dialogue . 
 a scent that might spark ideas . 
 anything ! 
 but it quickly became apparent that rather than anything , i was going to have to settle for nothing . 
 when i 'd checked out of the hospital this morning , i was convinced my memory was lost forever . 
 but with my head cleared and the worst of the shock over , i was beginning to think otherwise . 
 i sensed , acutely , a broken bridge in my mind , the truth on the far side of the gap . 
 if i was responsible for tearing down the bridge as a defense mechanism against the trauma i 'd suffered during my kidnapping , then surely i could rebuild it again . 
 i just needed to figure out how . 
 starting with the color black . 
 deep , dark unearthly black . 
 i had n't told anyone yet , but the color kept streaking across my mind at the oddest moments . 
 when it did , my skin shivered pleasantly , and it was as if i could feel the color tracing a finger tenderly along my jaw , tipping my chin up to face it directly . 
 i knew it was absurd to think a color could come to life , but once or twice , i was sure i 'd caught a flash of something more substantial behind the color . 
 a pair of eyes . 
 the way they studied me cut to the heart . 
 but how could something lost in my memory during this time cause me pleasure instead of pain ? 
 i let go of a slow breath . 
 i felt a desperate urgency to follow the color , no matter where it led me . 
 i longed to find those black eyes , to stand face-to-face with them . 
 i longed to know who they belonged to . 
 the color tugged at me , beckoning me to follow it . 
 rationally , it made no sense . 
 but the thought stuck in my brain . 
 i felt a hypnotic , obsessive desire to let the color guide me . 
 a powerful magnetism that even logic could n't break . 
 i let this desire build up inside me until it vibrated powerfully under my skin . 
 uncomfortably hot , i wrestled out of my blankets . 
 my head buzzing , i tossed and turned . 
 the intensity of the buzzing increased until i shivered with heat . 
 a strange fever . 
 the cemetery , i thought . 
 it all started in the cemetery . 
 the black night , the black fog . 
 black grass , black gravestones . 
 the glittering black river . 
 and now a pair of black eyes watching me . 
 i could n't ignore the flashes of black , and i could n't sleep them away . 
 i could n't rest until i acted on them . 
 i swung out of bed . 
 i stretched a knit shirt over my head , zipped myself into a pair of jeans , and threw a cardigan over my shoulders . 
 i paused at my bedroom door . 
 the hall outside was quiet except for the reverberating tick of the grandfather clock carrying up from the main level . 
 mom 's bedroom door was not quite shut , but no light spilled from the crack . 
 if i listened hard enough , i could just make out the soft purr of her snoring . 
 i moved silently down the stairs , grabbed a flashlight and house key , and let myself out through the back door , fearing the creaky boards on the front porch would give me away . 
 that , and there was a uniformed officer stationed at the curb . 
 he was there to divert reporters and cameras , but i had a feeling that if i strolled out front at this hour , he 'd speed-dial detective basso . 
 a small voice at the rear of my mind protested that it probably was n't safe to go out , but i was propelled by a strange trance . 
 black night , black fog . 
 black grass , black gravestones . 
 glittering black river . 
 a pair of black eyes watching me . 
 i had to find those eyes . 
 they had the answers . 
 forty minutes later i 'd walked to the arched gates leading inside coldwater 's cemetery . 
 under the breeze , leaves twirled down from their branches like dark pinwheels . 
 i found my father 's grave without difficulty . 
 shuddering against the damp chil in the air , i used trial and error to find my way back to the flat headstone where it had all begun . 
 crouching down , i ran my finger over the aged marble . 
 i shut my eyes and blocked out the night sounds , concentrating on finding the black eyes . 
 i threw my question out there , hoping they 'd hear . 
 how had i gotten to the point of sleeping in a cemetery after spending eleven weeks in captivity ? 
 i let my eyes travel a slow circle around the graveyard . 
 the decaying smells of approaching autumn , the rich tang of cut grass , the pulse of insect wings rubbing together-none of it ill uminated the answer i so desperately wanted . 
 i swallowed against the thickness in my throat , trying hard not to feel defeated . 
 the color black , teasing me for days , had failed me . 
 shoving my hands inside the pockets of my jeans , i turned to go . 
 from the edge of my vision , i noticed a smudge on the grass . 
 i picked up a black feather . 
 it was easily the length of my arm , shoulder to wrist . 
 my eyebrows pulled together as i tried to envision what kind of bird could have left it . 
 it was much too big for a crow . 
 much too big for any bird , as far as i was concerned . 
 i ran my finger over the feather 's vane , each satiny barb snapping back into place . 
 a memory stirred inside me . 
 angel , i seemed to hear a smooth voice whisper . 
 you 're mine . 
 of all the ridiculous , confusing things , i blushed . 
 i looked around , just to make sure the voice was n't real . 
 i have n't forgotten you . 
 with my posture rigid , i waited to hear the voice again , but it faded into the wind . 
 whatever flicker of memories it left behind dived out of reach before i could grasp them . 
 i felt torn between wanting to fling the feather away , and the frantic impulse to bury it where no one would find it . 
 i had the intense impression that i 'd stumbled across something secret , something private , something that could cause a great deal of harm if discovered . 
 a car revved into the parking lot just up the hill from the cemetery , blaring music . 
 i heard shouts and spurts of laughter , and i would n't have been surprised if they belonged to people i went to school with . 
 this part of town was dense with trees , far from the hub of downtown , and made a good place to hang out unsupervised on weekends and nights . 
 not wanting to stumble across anyone i knew , especially since my sudden reappearance was being splashed across local news , i tucked the feather under my arm and speed-walked along the gravel path leading back to the main road . 
 shortly after two thirty a.m. i let myself inside the farmhouse and , after locking up , tiptoed upstairs . 
 i stood , indecisive , in the middle of my bedroom a moment , then hid the feather in my middle dresser drawer , where i also stashed my socks , leggings , and scarves . 
 in hindsight , i did n't even know why i 'd carried it home . 
 it was n't like me to collect scrappy items , let alone tuck them inside my drawers . 
 but it had sparked a memory ... stripping off my clothes and stretching out a yawn , i turned toward bed . 
 i was halfway there when my feet came to a halt . 
 a sheet of paper rested on my pillow . 
 one that had n't been there when i left . 
 i whipped around , expecting to see my mom in the doorway , angry and worked up that i 'd sneaked out . 
 but given everything that had happened , did i really think she would simply leave a note upon finding my bed empty ? 
 i picked up the paper , realizing that my hands were shaking . 
 it was lined notebook paper , just like i used in school . 
 the message appeared to have been hastily scribbled in black sharpie . 
 just because you 're home does n't mean you 're safe . 
 chapter 4 i crumpled the paper , flinging it at the wall out of fear and frustration . 
 striding to the window , i rattled the lock to make sure it was secure . 
 i was n't feeling gutsy enough to open the window and have a look out , but i cupped my hands around my eyes and peered into the shadows stretched across the lawn like long , lean daggers . 
 i had no idea who could have left the note , but one thing was certain . 
 i 'd locked up before leaving . 
 and earlier , before we 'd headed upstairs for the night , i 'd watched my mom walk through the house and check every window and door at least three times . 
 so how had the intruder gotten in ? 
 and what did the note even mean ? 
 it was cryptic and cruel . 
 a twisted joke ? 
 right now , that was my best guess . 
 down the hall , i pushed on my mom 's bedroom door , opening it just far enough to see inside . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she sat up ramrod straight in the darkness . 
 `` nora ? 
 what is it ? 
 what happened ? 
 a bad dream ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` did you remember something ? '' 
 i clicked on the bedside lamp , suddenly fearful of the dark and what i could n't see . 
 `` i found a note in my room . 
 it told me not to fool myself into believing i 'm safe . '' 
 she blinked against the sudden brightness , and i watched her eyes absorb my words . 
 suddenly she was wide awake . 
 `` where did you find the note ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` i - '' i was nervous about how she 'd react to the truth . 
 in hindsight , it had been a terrible idea . 
 sneaking out ? 
 after i 'd been abducted ? 
 but it was hard to fear the possibility of a second abduction when i could n't even remember the first . 
 and i 'd needed to go to the cemetery for my own sanity . 
 the color black had led me there . 
 stupid , unexplainable , but nonetheless true . 
 `` it was under my pillow . 
 i must not have noticed it before bed , '' i lied . 
 `` it was n't until i shifted in my sleep that i heard the paper crinkle . '' 
 she pulled on her bathrobe and jogged to my bedroom . 
 `` where 's the note ? 
 i want to read it . 
 detective basso needs to know about this right away . '' 
 she was already dialing on her phone . 
 she punched in his number from memory , and it occurred to me that they must have worked closely together during the weeks i was missing . 
 `` does anyone else have a key to the house ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she held her finger up , signaling for me to wait . 
 voice mail , she mouthed . 
 `` it 's blythe , '' she told detective basso 's message system . 
 `` call me as soon as you get this . 
 nora found a note in her bedroom tonight . '' 
 her eyes cut briefly to mine . 
 `` it may be from the person who took her . 
 i 've had the doors locked all night , so the note had to have been placed under her pillow before we got home . '' 
 `` he 'll call back soon , '' she told me , hanging up . 
 `` i 'm going to give the note to the officer out front . 
 he might want to search the house . 
 where is the note ? '' 
 i pointed at the crumpled paper ball in the corner , but i did n't move to pick it up . 
 i did n't want to see the message again . 
 was it a joke ... or was it a threat ? 
 just because you 're home does n't mean you 're safe . 
 the tone suggested a threat . 
 mom flattened the paper on the wall , ironing out the wrinkles with her hand . 
 `` this paper is blank , nora , '' she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i walked over for a closer look . 
 she was right . 
 the writing had vanished . 
 i hastily flipped the paper over , but the back side was also blank . 
 `` it was right here , '' i said , confused . 
 `` it was right here . '' 
 `` you might have imagined it . 
 a projection of a dream , '' mom said gently , drawing me against her and rubbing my back . 
 the gesture did n't do anything to comfort me . 
 was there any way i might have invented the message ? 
 out of what ? 
 paranoia ? 
 a panic attack ? 
 `` i did n't imagine it . '' 
 but i did n't sound so sure . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she murmured . 
 `` dr. howlett said this might happen . '' 
 `` said what might happen ? '' 
 `` he said there was a very good chance you 'd hear things that are n't real - '' `` like what ? '' 
 she regarded me calmly . 
 `` voices and other sounds . 
 he did n't say anything about seeing things that are n't real , but anything could happen , nora . 
 your body is trying to recover . 
 it 's under a lot of stress , and we have to be patient . '' 
 `` he said i might hallucinate ? '' 
 `` shh , '' she commanded softly , taking my face between her hands . 
 `` these things might have to happen before you can recover . 
 your mind is doing its best to heal , and we have to give it time . 
 just like any other injury . 
 we 're going to get through this together . '' 
 i felt the sting of tears , but i refused to cry . 
 why me ? 
 of all the billions of people out there , why me ? 
 who did this to me ? 
 my mind was spinning in circles , trying to point a finger at someone , but i did n't have a face , a voice . 
 i did n't have one shred of an idea . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 mom whispered . 
 i looked away . 
 `` i 'm angry . '' 
 i crawled into bed , falling asleep surprisingly fast . 
 caught in that woozy , topsy-turvy place between awareness and a full-on dream , my mind aimlessly wandered down a long , dark tunnel that narrowed with each step . 
 sleep , blissful sleep , and given the night i 'd had , i vigorously welcomed it . 
 a door appeared at the end of the tunnel . 
 the door opened from within . 
 the light inside cast a faint glow , ill uminating a face so familiar , it almost knocked me over . 
 his black hair curled around his ears , damp from a recent shower . 
 sun-bronzed skin , smooth and tight , stretched over a long , lean body that towered at least six inches over me . 
 a pair of jeans hung low on his hips , but his chest and feet were bare , and a bath towel was slung over his shoulder . 
 our gazes locked , and his familiar black eyes bored into mine with surprise ... followed by instant wariness . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he said low . 
 patch , i thought , my heart beating faster . 
 it 's patch . 
 i could n't remember how i knew him , but i did . 
 the bridge in my mind was as broken as ever , but at the sight of him , little pieces snapped together . 
 memories that put a swarm of butterflies in my stomach . 
 i saw a flash of sitting beside him in biology . 
 another flash as he stood very close , teaching me how to play pool . 
 a white-hot flash as his lips brushed mine . 
 i 'd been searching for answers , and they 'd led me here . 
 to patch . 
 i 'd found a way to get around my amnesia . 
 this was n't merely a dream ; it was a subconscious passageway to patch . 
 i now understood the great feeling crashing around inside me that never seemed satisfied . 
 on some deep level i knew what my brain could n't grasp . 
 i needed patch . 
 and for whatever reason-fate , luck , sheer will power , or for reasons i might never understand-i 'd found him . 
 through my shock , i somehow found my voice . 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 he stuck his head out the door , looking down the tunnel . 
 `` this is a dream . 
 you realize that , do n't you ? '' 
 `` then who are you worried followed me ? '' 
 `` you ca n't be here . '' 
 my words came out stiff , frozen . 
 `` looks like i found a way to communicate with you . 
 i guess the only thing left to say is i 'd hoped for a cheerier reception . 
 you have all the answers , do n't you ? '' 
 he steepled his fingers over his mouth . 
 all the while , his eyes never wavered from my face . 
 `` i 'm hoping to keep you alive . '' 
 my mind lagged , unable to understand enough of the dream to read a deeper message . 
 the only thought pounding through me was , i found him . 
 after all this time , i found patch . 
 and instead of matching my excitement , the only feeling he harbors is ... cold detachment . 
 `` why ca n't i remember anything ? '' 
 i asked , swallowing the lump in my throat . 
 `` why ca n't i remember how or when or-or why you left ? '' 
 because i was sure that was what had happened . 
 he 'd left . 
 otherwise we 'd be together now . 
 `` why have n't you tried to find me ? 
 what happened to me ? 
 what happened to us ? '' 
 patch hung his hands on the back of his neck and closed his eyes . 
 he went deathly still , except for the tremble of emotion that rippled under his skin . 
 `` why did you leave me ? '' 
 i choked . 
 he straightened . 
 `` you really believe i left you ? '' 
 that only thickened the lump in my throat . 
 `` what am i supposed to think ? 
 you 've been gone for months , and now , when i finally find you , you can barely look me in the eye . '' 
 `` i did the only thing i could . 
 i gave you up to save your life . '' 
 his jaw worked , clenching and unclenching . 
 `` it was n't an easy decision , but it was the right one . '' 
 `` gave me up ? 
 just like that ? 
 how long did it take you to make your decision ? 
 three seconds ? '' 
 his eyes turned cold with recol ection . 
 `` that 's about as long as i had , yes . '' 
 more pieces snapped together . 
 `` someone forced you to leave me ? 
 is that what you 're telling me ? '' 
 he did n't speak , but i had my answer . 
 `` who forced you to leave ? 
 who scared you that much ? 
 the patch i knew did n't run from anyone . '' 
 the pain bursting inside me forced my volume higher . 
 `` i would have fought for you , patch . 
 i would have fought ! '' 
 `` and you would have lost . 
 we were surrounded . 
 he threatened your life , and he would have made good on that threat . 
 he had you , and that meant he had me , too . '' 
 `` he ? 
 who is he ? '' 
 i received another brittle silence . 
 `` did you even try to find me once ? 
 or was it that easy '' - my voice caught - `` to let me go ? '' 
 whipping the towel off his shoulder , patch flung it aside . 
 his eyes flared , his shoulders rising and falling with every breath , but i got the feeling his anger was n't directed at me . 
 `` you ca n't be here , '' he said , his voice rough . 
 `` you have to stop looking for me . 
 you have to go back to your life , and make do the best you can . 
 not for me , '' he added , as if guessing my next resentful barb . 
 `` for you . 
 i 've done everything to keep him away from you , and i 'm going to continue doing everything i can , but i need your help . '' 
 `` like i need your help ? '' 
 i shot back . 
 `` i need you now , patch . 
 i need you back . 
 i am lost and i 'm scared . 
 do you know i ca n't remember one single thing ? 
 of course you know , '' i said bitterly , as realization dawned . 
 `` that 's why you have n't come looking for me . 
 you know i ca n't remember you , and it lets you off the hook . 
 i never thought you 'd take the easy way out . 
 well , i have n't forgotten you , patch . 
 i see you in everything . 
 i see flashes of black-the color of your eyes , your hair . 
 i feel your touch , i remember the way you held me ... . '' 
 i trailed off , too choked up to continue . 
 `` it 's better if you do n't know , '' patch said flatly . 
 `` that 's the worst explanation i 've given you yet , but for your own safety , there are things you ca n't know . '' 
 i laughed , but the sound was thick and anguished . 
 `` so this is it ? '' 
 he closed the distance between us , and just when i thought he 'd draw me against him he stopped , holding himself in check . 
 i exhaled , trying not to cry . 
 he leaned his elbow on the doorjamb , just above my ear . 
 he smelled so devastatingly familiar-of soap and spice-the heady scent bringing back a rush of memories so pleasurable , it only made the current moment that much more difficult to bear . 
 i was seized by the desire to touch him . 
 to trace my hands over his skin , to feel his arms tighten securely around me . 
 i wanted him to nuzzle my neck , his whisper to tickle my ear as he said private words that belonged only to me . 
 i wanted him near , so near , with no thought of letting go . 
 `` this is n't over , '' i said . 
 `` after everything we 've been through , you do n't get the right to brush me off . 
 i 'm not letting you off that easily . '' 
 i was n't sure if it was a threat , my last stab at defiance , or irrational words spoken straight from my splintered heart . 
 `` i want to protect you , '' patch said quietly . 
 he stood so close . 
 all strength and heat and silent power . 
 i could n't escape him , now or ever . 
 he 'd always be there , consuming my every thought , my heart locked in his hands . 
 i was drawn to him by forces i could n't control , let alone escape . 
 `` but you did n't . '' 
 he cupped my chin , his touch unbearably tender . 
 `` do you really think so ? '' 
 i tried to pull free , but not hard enough . 
 i could n't resist his touch ; back then , now , or ever . 
 `` i do n't know what to think . 
 can you blame me ? '' 
 `` my history is long , and not much of it is good . 
 i ca n't erase it , but i 'm determined not to make another mistake . 
 not when the stakes are this high , not when it comes to you . 
 there 's a plan in all this , but it 's going to take time . '' 
 this time he gathered me into his arms , stroking hair off my face , and something inside me broke at his touch . 
 hot , wet tears tumbled down my cheeks . 
 `` if i lose you , i lose everything , '' he murmured . 
 `` who are you so afraid of ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 resting his hands on my shoulders , he tilted his forehead against mine . 
 `` you 're mine , angel . 
 and i wo n't let anything change that . 
 you 're right-this is n't over . 
 it 's only the beginning , and nothing about what lies ahead will be easy . '' 
 he sighed , a tired sound . 
 `` you 're not going to remember this dream , and you wo n't be coming back . 
 i do n't know how you found me , but i have to make sure you do n't do it again . 
 i 'm going to erase your memory of this dream . 
 for your own safety , this is the last you 'll see of me . '' 
 alarm shot through me . 
 i pulled away , flinching at patch 's face , horrified by the determination i found there . 
 i opened my mouth to protest - and the dream crashed down around me , as though made of sand . 
 chapter 5 i woke up the following morning with a kink in my neck and a distant memory of strange , colorless dreams . 
 after showering , i buttoned myself into a zebra-print shirt-dress and pulled on cropped tights and ankle boots . 
 if nothing else , at least i appeared put together on the outside . 
 smoothing out the mess on the inside was a bigger project than i could tackle in forty-five minutes . 
 i breezed into the kitchen to find mom making old-fashioned oatmeal in a pot on the stove . 
 it was the first time i could remember since my dad 's death that she 'd made it from scratch . 
 following last night 's drama , i wondered if this fell in the ball park of a pity meal . 
 `` you 're up early , '' she said , and paused in her slicing of strawberries near the sink . 
 `` it 's after eight , '' i pointed out . 
 `` did detective basso call back ? '' 
 i tried to act like i did n't care what her answer was , and got busy brushing nonexistent lint off my dress . 
 `` i told him it was a mistake . 
 he understood . '' 
 meaning they 'd agreed that i 'd hallucinated . 
 i was the girl who cried wolf , and from now on , everything i said would be brushed off as an exaggeration . 
 poor thing . 
 just nod and humor her . 
 `` why do n't you head back to bed and i 'll bring up breakfast when it 's finished ? '' 
 mom suggested , resuming her slicing . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm already up . '' 
 `` given everything that 's happened , i thought you might want to take things easy . 
 sleep in , read a good book , maybe take a nice long bubble bath . '' 
 i could n't remember my mom ever suggesting i play it lazy on a school day . 
 our typical breakfast conversation usually included rushed exchanges along the lines of , did you finish your essay ? 
 did you pack your lunch ? 
 is your bed made ? 
 can you drop off the electricity bill on your way to school ? 
 `` how about it ? '' 
 mom tried again . 
 `` breakfast in bed . 
 does n't get better than that . '' 
 `` what about school ? '' 
 `` school can wait . '' 
 `` until when ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said lightly . 
 `` a week , i guess . 
 or two . 
 until you 're feeling back to normal . '' 
 clearly she had n't thought this through , but in just a few short seconds , i had . 
 i might have been tempted to take advantage of her leniency , but that was n't the point . 
 `` i guess it 's good to know i have a week or two to get back to normal . '' 
 she set down the knife . 
 `` nora - '' `` never mind that i ca n't remember anything from the past five months . 
 never mind that from now on , every time i see a stranger watching me in a crowd , i 'll wonder if it 's him . 
 better yet , my amnesia is all over the news , and he must be laughing . 
 he knows i ca n't identify him . 
 and i guess i should be comforted that because all the tests dr. howlett ran came back fine , just fine , probably nothing bad happened to me during those weeks . 
 maybe i can even make myself believe i was soaking up rays in cancun . 
 hey , it could happen . 
 maybe my kidnapper wanted to set himself apart from the pack . 
 do the unexpected and pamper his victim . 
 the truth is , normal might take years . 
 normal might never happen . 
 but it 's definitely not going to happen if i lounge around here watching soaps and avoiding life . 
 i 'm going to school today , end of story . '' 
 i said it matter-of-factly , but my heart did one of those dizzy spins . 
 i pushed the feeling aside , telling myself this was the only way i knew to get any semblance of my life back . 
 `` school ? '' 
 mom was fully turned around now , the strawberries and oatmeal long forgotten . 
 `` according to the calendar on the wall , it 's september ninth . '' 
 when mom said nothing , i added , `` school started two days ago . '' 
 she pressed her lips together in a straight line . 
 `` i realize that . '' 
 `` since school is in session , should n't i be there ? '' 
 `` yes , eventually . '' 
 she wiped her hands on her apron . 
 it looked to me like she was stalling or debating her word choice . 
 i wished that whatever it was , she 'd just spit it out . 
 right now , hot argument felt better than cool sympathy . 
 `` since when do you condone truancy ? '' 
 i said , prodding her . 
 `` i do n't want to tell you how to run your life , but i think you need to slow down . '' 
 `` slow down ? 
 i ca n't remember anything from the past several months of my life . 
 i 'm not going to slow down and let things slip even further out of reach . 
 the only way i 'm going to start feeling better about what happened is by reclaiming my life . 
 i 'm going to school . 
 and then i 'm going out with vee for doughnuts , or whatever junk food she happens to crave today . 
 and then i 'm coming home and doing homework . 
 and then i 'm going to fall asleep listening to dad 's old records . 
 there 's so much i do n't know anymore . 
 the only way i 'm going to survive this is by clinging to what i do know . '' 
 `` a lot changed while you were gone - '' `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 i did n't mean to keep pouncing on her , but i could n't understand how she could stand there and lecture me . 
 who was she to give me advice ? 
 had she ever been through anything remotely similar ? 
 `` trust me , i get it . 
 and i 'm scared . 
 i know i ca n't go back , and it terrifies me . 
 but at the same time - '' how was i supposed to explain it to her , when i could n't even explain it to myself ? 
 back there was safe . 
 back then i was in control . 
 how was i supposed to jump forward , when the platform beneath my feet had been yanked out ? 
 she blew out a deep , frazzled breath . 
 `` hank mill ar and i are dating . '' 
 her words drifted through me . 
 i stared at her , feeling my forehead crease in confusion . 
 `` sorry , what ? '' 
 `` it happened while you were gone . '' 
 she braced a hand on the counter , and it looked to me like it was the only thing holding her up . 
 `` hank mill ar ? '' 
 for the second time in days , my mind was slow to throw a net around his name . 
 `` he 's divorced now . '' 
 `` divorced ? 
 i was only gone three months . '' 
 `` all those endless days of not knowing where you were , if you were even alive , he was all i had , nora . '' 
 `` marcie 's dad ? '' 
 i blinked at her , bewildered . 
 i could n't seem to push through the haze strung ear to ear inside my brain . 
 my mom was dating the father of the only girl i 'd ever hated ? 
 the girl who 'd keyed my car , egged my locker , and nicknamed me nora the whore-a ? 
 `` we dated . 
 in high school and college . 
 before i met your dad , '' she added hastily . 
 `` you , '' i said , finally pushing some volume into my voice , `` and hank millar ? '' 
 she started speaking very quickly . 
 `` i know you 're going to be tempted to judge him based on your opinion of marcie , but he 's actually a very sweet guy . 
 so thoughtful and generous and romantic . '' 
 she smiled , then blushed , flustered . 
 i was outraged . 
 this was what my mom was doing while i was missing ? 
 `` right . '' 
 i snatched a banana from the fruit bowl , then headed for the front door . 
 `` can we talk about this ? '' 
 her bare feet thumped on the wood floor as she followed after me . 
 `` can you at least hear me out ? '' 
 `` sounds like i 'm a little late to the let 's - talk-it-over party . '' 
 `` nora ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snapped , spinning around . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? 
 that i 'm happy for you ? 
 i 'm not . 
 we used to make fun of the mill ars . 
 we used to joke that marcie 's attitude problem was mercury poisoning due to all the expensive seafood their family eats . 
 and now you 're dating him ? '' 
 `` yes , him . 
 not marcie . '' 
 `` it 's all the same to me ! 
 did you even wait until the ink on the divorce papers was dry ? 
 or did you make your move while he was still married to marcie 's mom , because three months is awfully fast . '' 
 `` i do n't have to answer that ! '' 
 apparently realizing how red in the face she was , she composed herself by kneading the back of her neck . 
 `` is this because you think i 'm betraying your dad ? 
 believe me , i 've already tortured myself enough , questioning if anything short of eternity is too soon to move on . 
 but he would have wanted me to be happy . 
 he would n't have wanted me to mope around feeling sorry for myself forever . '' 
 `` does marcie know ? '' 
 she flinched at my sudden transition . 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 i do n't think hank has told her yet . '' 
 in other words , for the time being , i did n't have to live in fear of marcie taking our parents ' decisions out on me . 
 of course , when she did figure out the truth , i could guarantee the retribution would be swift , humiliating , and brutal . 
 `` i 'm late for school . '' 
 i rummaged through the dish on the entryway table . 
 `` where are my keys ? '' 
 `` they should be in there . '' 
 `` my house key is . 
 where 's the fiat key ? '' 
 she applied pressure to the bridge of her nose . 
 `` i sold the fiat . '' 
 i directed the full weight of my glare at her . 
 `` sold it ? 
 excuse me ? '' 
 granted , in the past i 'd expressed just how much i hated the fiat 's peeling brown paint , weather-beaten white leather seats , and untimely habit the car 's stick shift had of popping out of the shifter . 
 but still . 
 it was my car . 
 had my mom given up on me so quickly after my disappearance that she 'd started hocking my belongings on craigslist ? 
 `` what else ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` what else did you sell while i was gone ? '' 
 `` i sold it before you went missing , '' she murmured , eyes lowered . 
 a swallow caught in my throat . 
 meaning once upon a time i 'd known she 'd sold my car , only i could n't remember it now . 
 it was a painful reminder of just how defenseless i really was . 
 i could n't even conduct a conversation with my mom without looking like an idiot . 
 rather than apologize , i flung open the front door and stomped down the porch steps . 
 `` whose car is that ? '' 
 i asked , coming up short . 
 a white convertible volkswagen sat on the cement slab where the fiat used to reside . 
 from the look of it , it had taken up permanent residence . 
 it might have been there yesterday morning when we 'd pulled in from the hospital , but i 'd hardly been in the frame of mind to soak up my surroundings . 
 the only other time i 'd left the house was last night , and i 'd gone out through the back door . 
 `` yours . '' 
 `` what do you mean , mine ? '' 
 i shielded my eyes from the morning sun as i glowered back at her . 
 `` scott parnel gave it to you . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` his family moved back to town at the beginning of summer . '' 
 `` scott ? '' 
 i repeated , thumbing through my long-term memory , since the name provoked a vague recol ection . 
 `` the boy in my kindergarten class ? 
 the one who moved to portland years ago ? '' 
 mom nodded wearily . 
 `` why would he give me a car ? '' 
 `` i never got the chance to ask you . 
 you disappeared the night he dropped it off . '' 
 `` i went missing the night scott mysteriously donated a car to me ? 
 did n't that set off any alarm bells ? 
 there 's nothing normal about a teenage guy giving a car to a girl he hardly knows and has n't seen in years . 
 something about this is n't right . 
 maybe-maybe the car was evidence of something , and he needed to get rid of it . 
 did that ever cross your mind ? '' 
 `` the police searched the car . 
 they questioned the previous owner . 
 but i think detective basso had ruled out scott 's involvement after hearing your side of the night 's events . 
 you 'd been shot earlier , before you went missing , and while detective basso originally thought scott was the shooter , you told him it was - '' `` shot ? '' 
 i shook my head in confusion . 
 `` what do you mean shot ? '' 
 she closed her eyes briefly , exhaling . 
 `` with a gun . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 how had vee left this out ? 
 `` at delphic amusement park . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i hate even thinking about it , '' she whispered , her voice breaking . 
 `` i was out of town when i got the call . 
 i did n't make it back in time . 
 i never saw you again , and i 've regretted nothing in my life more . 
 before you disappeared , you told detective basso that a man named rixon shot you in the fun house . 
 you said scott was there too , and rixon also shot him . 
 the police looked for rixon , but it was like he vanished . 
 detective basso was convinced rixon was n't even the shooter 's real name . '' 
 `` where was i shot ? '' 
 i asked , my skin crawling with an unpleasant tingle . 
 i had n't noticed a scar , or any indication of a wound . 
 `` your left shoulder . '' 
 it seemed to pain my mom just to say it . 
 `` the shot was in and out , hitting only muscle . 
 we 're very , very lucky . '' 
 i tugged my collar down over my shoulder . 
 sure enough , i could see scar tissue where the skin had healed . 
 `` the police spent weeks looking for rixon . 
 they read your diary , but you 'd ripped out several pages , and they did n't find his name in the rest of it . 
 they asked vee , but she denied ever having heard his name . 
 he was n't in the records at school . 
 there was no record of him at the dmv - '' `` i ripped out pages in my diary ? '' 
 i cut in . 
 it did n't sound like me at all . 
 why would i do such a thing ? 
 `` do you remember where you put the pages ? 
 or what they said ? '' 
 i shook my head absently . 
 what had i gone to such great lengths to hide ? 
 mom made a deflated sound . 
 `` rixon was a ghost , nora . 
 and wherever he went , he took all the answers with him . '' 
 `` i ca n't accept that , '' i said . 
 `` what about scott ? 
 what did he say when detective basso questioned him ? '' 
 `` detective basso put all his energy into hunting down rixon . 
 i do n't think he ever spoke to scott . 
 the last time i talked to lynn parnell , scott had moved on . 
 i think he 's in new hampshire now , selling pest control . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 i said in disbelief . 
 `` detective basso never tried to track down scott and hear his side ? '' 
 my mind cranked at full speed . 
 something about scott was n't sitting right . 
 according to my mom 's account , i told the police he 'd been shot by rixon too . 
 he was the only other witness that rixon existed . 
 how did that fit with the donated volkswagen ? 
 it seemed to me that at least one crucial piece of information was missing . 
 `` i 'm sure he had a reason for not talking to scott . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he did too , '' i said cynically . 
 `` like maybe he 's incompetent ? '' 
 `` if you 'd give detective basso a chance , you 'd see he 's actually very sharp . 
 he 's very good at his job . '' 
 i did n't want to hear it . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i said tersely . 
 `` we do the only thing we can . 
 do our best to move on . '' 
 for one moment , i pushed aside my doubts of scott parnell . 
 there was still so much to deal with . 
 how many other hundreds of things was i in the dark on ? 
 was this what i had in store ? 
 days upon days of humiliation as i relearned my life ? 
 i could already envision what would be waiting for me inside the walls of school . 
 discreet looks of pity . 
 the awkward averting of eyes . 
 the shuffling of feet and drawn-out silences . 
 the safe option of shying away from me altogether . 
 i felt indignation boil up inside me . 
 i did n't want to be a spectacle . 
 i did n't want to be the object of rabid speculation . 
 what kinds of shameful theories involving my abduction had already spread ? 
 what did people think about me now ? 
 `` if you see scott , be sure to point him out so i can thank him for the car , '' i said bitterly . 
 `` right after i ask him why he gave it to me in the first place . 
 maybe you and detective basso are convinced he 's innocent , but too many things about his story are n't adding up . '' 
 `` nora - '' i thrust my hand out . 
 `` can i have the key ? '' 
 after a moment 's pause , she unhooked a key from her own key chain and laid it in my palm . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 `` oh , not to worry . 
 the only thing i 'm in danger of is making a fool of myself . 
 know of any other people i might smack into today and not recognize ? 
 fortunately , i remember the way to school . 
 and would you look at that , '' i said , tugging open the car door and dropping inside . 
 `` the volkswagen is a five-speed . 
 good thing i learned how to drive five-speed pre-amnesia . '' 
 `` i know now is n't the best time , but we 've been invited to dinner tonight . '' 
 i met her eyes coldly . 
 `` have we . '' 
 `` hank would like to take us to coopersmith 's . 
 to celebrate your return . '' 
 `` how thoughtful of him , '' i said , ramming the key into the ignition and revving the engine . 
 by the noisy sputtering , i assumed the car had n't budged since the day i 'd vanished . 
 `` he 's trying , '' she called above the whine of the engine . 
 `` he 's trying really hard to make this work . '' 
 i had a snide retort on the tip of my tongue , but decided to go for more impact . 
 i 'd worry about the repercussions later . 
 `` what about you ? 
 are you trying to make it work ? 
 because i 'll be up front . 
 if he stays , i go . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i have to figure out how to live my life again . '' 
 chapter 6 at the high school , i found a parking space at the back of the student lot and hiked across the lawn to a side entrance . 
 i was running late , thanks to the fight with my mom . 
 after peeling away from the farmhouse , i 'd had to pull to the side of the road for fifteen minutes just to calm down . 
 dating hank millar . 
 was she sadistic ? 
 out to ruin my life ? 
 both ? 
 one glance at my mom 's pilfered blackberry proved i 'd missed all but the tail end of first period . 
 the dismissal bell would ring in ten minutes . 
 intending to leave a message , i dialed vee 's cell . 
 `` hellooo . 
 that you , angel ? '' 
 she promptly answered in her best temptress 's voice . 
 she was trying to be funny , but i nearly tripped . 
 angel . 
 the mere sound of the word caused heat to lick up my skin . 
 once again , the color black raced furiously around me like a hot ribbon , but this time there was more . 
 a physical touch so real i stopped in my tracks . 
 i felt an enticing brush along my cheekbone , as if an invisible hand caressed me , followed by a soft , utterly seductive pressure against my lips ... you 're mine , angel . 
 and i 'm yours . 
 nothing can change it . 
 `` this is crazy , '' i muttered out loud . 
 seeing the color black was one thing , but making out with it was taking it to a whole ` nother level . 
 i had to stop haunting myself this way . 
 if i kept it up any longer , i was genuinely going to doubt my sanity . 
 `` come again ? '' 
 vee said . 
 `` uh , parking , '' i covered up quickly . 
 `` all the good spots are taken . '' 
 `` guess who has pe first hour ? 
 this is so unfair . 
 i start the day off perspiring like an elephant in heat . 
 do n't the people who make up our schedules understand body odor ? 
 do n't they understand frizzy hair ? '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me about scott parnell ? '' 
 i asked evenly . 
 we 'd start there and work our way forward . 
 vee 's silence hung sharp between us , only confirming my suspicions : she had n't given me the whole story . 
 intentionally . 
 `` oh , yeah , scott , '' she faltered at last . 
 `` about that . '' 
 `` the night i disappeared , he dropped an old volkswagen off at my house . 
 that detail slipped your mind last night , did it ? 
 or maybe you did n't think it qualified as interesting or suspicious ? 
 you 're the last person i would have expected to give me a watered-down version of what led to my kidnapping , vee . '' 
 i heard her chewing her lip . 
 `` i might have omitted a few things . '' 
 `` like the fact that i was shot ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to hurt you , '' she said in a rush . 
 `` what you went through was traumatic . 
 more than traumatic . 
 a million times worse . 
 what kind of friend am i if i just heap it on higher ? '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i heard scott gave you the car . 
 probably to apologize for being a chauvinistic pig . '' 
 `` explain . '' 
 `` remember in middle school how our moms always taught us that if a boy teases you , it means he likes you ? 
 well , when it came to relationships , scott never outgrew seventh grade . '' 
 `` he liked me . '' 
 i sounded doubtful . 
 i did n't think she 'd lie to me again , not when i 'd just confronted her , but clearly my mom had gotten to her first and brainwashed her into thinking i was too fragile for the truth . 
 this sounded like a beat-around-the-bush answer if i 'd ever heard one . 
 `` enough to buy you a car , yeah . '' 
 `` did i have any contact with scott the week before i was kidnapped ? '' 
 `` the night before you disappeared , you snooped around in his bedroom . 
 but you did n't find anything more interesting than a wilted marijuana plant . '' 
 finally we were getting somewhere . 
 `` what was i looking for ? '' 
 `` i never asked . 
 you told me scott was a whack job . 
 that was all the evidence i needed to help you bust in . '' 
 i did n't doubt it . 
 vee never needed a reason to do something stupid . 
 sad thing was , most of the time i did n't either . 
 `` that 's all i know , '' vee insisted . 
 `` i swear it , up and down . '' 
 `` do n't hold out on me again . '' 
 `` does this mean you forgive me ? '' 
 i was irritated , but much to my dismay , i could see vee 's point in wanting to protect me . 
 it 's what best friends do , i reasoned . 
 under other circumstances , i might even have admired her for it . 
 and in her shoes , i probably would have been tempted to do the same . 
 `` we 're square . '' 
 inside the main office , i expected to have to talk myself out of a tardy slip , so i was surprised when the secretary saw me approaching and , after completing a double take , said , `` oh ! 
 nora . 
 how are you ? '' 
 ignoring the buttery sympathy in her tone , i said , `` i 'm here to pick up my class schedule . '' 
 `` oh . 
 oh , my . 
 so soon ? 
 nobody expects you to jump right back into things , you know , hon. some of the staff and i were just talking this morning about how we thought you should take a couple of weeks to - '' she struggled for an acceptable word , since there was no right word for what i had ahead of me . 
 recover ? 
 adapt ? 
 hardly . 
 `` acclimate . '' 
 she was practically flashing a neon sign that read , what a pity ! 
 poor girl ! 
 i 'd better use my kid gloves with this one . 
 i propped an elbow on the counter and leaned close . 
 `` i 'm ready to be back . 
 and that 's what matters , right ? '' 
 because i was already in a bad mood , i tacked on , `` i 'm so glad this school has taught me not to value any other opinion but my own . '' 
 she opened her mouth , closed it . 
 then she went to work paging through several manila folders on her desk . 
 `` let me see , i know i 've got you in here somewhere ... . 
 ah ! 
 here we are . '' 
 she pulled a sheet of paper from one of the folders and passed it over to me . 
 `` everything look okay ? '' 
 i scanned my schedule . 
 ap u.s. history , honors english , health , journalism , anatomy and physiology , orchestra , and trig . 
 clearly i 'd had a death wish for my future self when i 'd registered for classes last year . 
 `` looks good , '' i said , throwing my backpack over my shoulder and pushing through the office door . 
 the hall outside was dim , the overhead fluorescent lights casting a dull gleam on the waxed floors . 
 in my head , i told myself this was my school . 
 i belonged here . 
 and even though it was jarring every time i reminded myself i was now a junior , despite the fact that i could n't remember finishing sophomore year , eventually the strangeness would wear off . 
 it had to . 
 the bell rang . 
 in an instant doors everywhere opened and the hall flooded with the student body . 
 i fell into step with the current of students fighting their way to the restrooms , locker bays , and soda machines . 
 i kept my chin tilted slightly up and leveled my gaze straight ahead . 
 but i felt the eyes of my classmates when they looked my way . 
 everyone took a surprised second look . 
 they had to know i was back by now-my story was the highlight of local news . 
 but i supposed seeing me in the flesh cemented the fact . 
 their questions danced front and center in their curious stares . 
 where was she ? 
 who kidnapped her ? 
 what kinds of icky , unspeakable things happened to her ? 
 and the biggest speculation by far : is it true she ca n't remember any of it ? 
 i bet she 's faking . 
 who just forgets months of their life ? 
 i fingered through the notebook i 'd been hugging to my chest , pretending to search for something highly important . 
 i do n't even notice you , the gesture implied . 
 then i threw back my shoulders and faked a look of indifference . 
 maybe even aloofness . 
 but under it all , my legs were shaking . 
 i hurried down the hall with only one goal driving me forward . 
 pushing my way inside the girls ' bathroom , i locked myself in the last stall . 
 i dragged my back down the wall until i was sitting on my bottom . 
 i could taste bile rising in my throat . 
 my arms and legs felt numb . 
 my lips felt numb . 
 tears dripped off my chin , but i could n't move my hand to wipe them away . 
 no matter how hard i squeezed my eyes shut , no matter how dark i forced my vision , i could still see their leering , judgmental faces . 
 i was n't one of them anymore . 
 somehow , without any effort on my own , i 'd become an outsider . 
 i sat in the stal several minutes longer , until my breathing calmed and the urge to cry faded . 
 i did n't want to go to class , and i did n't want to go home . 
 what i really wanted was the impossible . 
 to travel back in time and get a second chance . 
 a do-over , starting with the night i disappeared . 
 i 'd just climbed to my feet when i heard a voice whisper past my ear like a cold current of air . 
 help me . 
 the voice was so small , i almost did n't hear it . 
 i even considered the possibility that i 'd invented it . 
 after all , imagining things was all i was good for lately . 
 help me , nora . 
 at my name , goose bumps popped out on my arms . 
 holding still , i strained to hear the voice again . 
 the sound had n't come from inside the stal - i was alone in here-but it did n't appear to have come from the larger area of the bathroom either . 
 when he finishes with me , it will be like i 'm dead . 
 i 'll never go home again . 
 this time the voice sounded much stronger and more urgent . 
 i looked up . 
 it seemed to have floated down from the ceiling vent . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 i called up warily . 
 at the lack of a reply , i knew this had to be the start of another hallucination . 
 dr. howlett had predicted it . 
 my thoughts turned anxious . 
 i needed to remove myself from the setting . 
 i had to distract my current train of thought and break the spell before it overtook me . 
 i reached for the door lock , when a sudden image burst across my mind , eclipsing my sight . 
 in a terrifying twist of scenery , i could no longer see the bathroom . 
 instead of tiles , the floor under my feet became concrete . 
 overhead , metal rafters crisscrossed the ceiling like giant spider legs . 
 a row of truck bay doors ran along one wall . 
 i 'd hallucinated myself inside a - warehouse . 
 he sawed off my wings . 
 i ca n't fly home , the voice whimpered . 
 i could n't see who the voice belonged to . 
 there was a stripped lightbulb overhead , ill uminating a conveyer belt at the center of the warehouse . 
 aside from it , the building was empty . 
 a drone reverberated all around as the conveyor belt turned on . 
 a clanging , mechanical noise carried out of the darkness at the end of the belt . 
 it was carrying something toward me . 
 `` no , '' i said , because it was the only thing i could think to say . 
 i swept my hands in front of me , trying to feel the bathroom stal door . 
 this was a hallucination , just like my mom had warned . 
 i had to push through it and find a way back to the real world . 
 all the while , the awful metal ic scraping grew louder . 
 i backed away from the conveyor belt until i was pressed up against a cement wall . 
 with nowhere to run , i watched as a metal cage rattled and clanged out of the shadows , moving to the edge of the light . 
 the bars glowed a ghostly electric blue , but that was n't what seized my attention . 
 a person was hunched inside . 
 a girl , bent to fit the confines of the cage , her hands grasping the bars , her blue-black hair tangled in front of her face . 
 her eyes peered through the screen of hair , and they were colorless orbs . 
 there was a length of rope emitting the same eerie blue light tied around her neck . 
 help me , nora . 
 i wanted to run for an exit . 
 i was afraid to try the bay doors , fearing they 'd only lead me deeper into the hallucination . 
 what i needed was my own door . 
 one i created right now that i could escape through to the inside of the school bathroom . 
 do n't give him the necklace ! 
 the girl shook the bars of the cage fiercely . 
 he thinks you have it . 
 if he gets the necklace , he ca n't be stopped . 
 i wo n't have a choice . 
 i 'll have to tell him everything ! 
 my skin was damp at my lower back and my underarms . 
 necklace ? 
 what necklace ? 
 there is no necklace , i told myself . 
 both the girl and the necklace are wild concoctions of your imagination . 
 force them out . 
 force . 
 them . 
 out ! 
 a bell shrilled . 
 just like that , i was jolted out of the hallucination . 
 the keyed-up door of the bathroom stal was inches from my nose . 
 mr. sarraf sucks . 
 b.ll . 
 + j.f. = love . 
 jazz band rocks . 
 i reached a hand out , tracing the deep grooves . 
 the door was real . 
 i slumped in relief . 
 voices carried into the bathroom . 
 i flinched , but they were normal , happy , chatty . 
 through the door crack , i watched three girls line up in front of the mirrors . 
 they fluffed their hair and touched up their lip gloss . 
 `` we should order pizza and watch movies tonight , '' one of them said . 
 `` no can do , girls . 
 it 's just me and susanna tonight . '' 
 i recognized the voice as belonging to marcie mill ar . 
 she was in the middle of the lineup , tidying her strawberry blond side ponytail , pinning it in place with a pink plastic flower . 
 `` you 're ditching us for your mom ? 
 um , ouch ? '' 
 `` um , yes . 
 deal with it , '' marcie said . 
 the two girls on either side of marcie made a big show of pouting . 
 odds were they were addyson hales and cassie sweeney . 
 addyson was a cheerleader like marcie , but i 'd once overheard marcie confess that the only reason she was friends with cassie was because they lived in the same neighborhood . 
 their bond was due to the simple fact that they could afford the same lifestyle . 
 peas in a pod-a very affluent pod . 
 `` do n't even start , '' marcie said , but the smile in her voice clearly stated she was flattered by their disappointment . 
 `` my mom needs me . 
 girls ' night out . '' 
 `` is she ... you know ... depressed ? '' 
 the girl i believed to be addyson asked . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 marcie laughed . 
 `` she got to keep the house . 
 she 's still a member of the yacht club . 
 plus she made my dad buy her a lexus sc10 . 
 it 's sooo cute ! 
 and i swear half the single guys in town have already called or stopped by . '' 
 marcie ticked each item off on her fingers so fluidly it made me think she 'd been rehearsing this speech . 
 `` she 's so beautiful . '' 
 cassie sighed . 
 `` exactly . 
 whoever my dad hooks up with will be a major downgrade . '' 
 `` is he seeing anybody ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 my mom has friends all over . 
 somebody would have seen something . 
 so , '' she transitioned with a gossipy voice , `` did you guys see the news ? 
 about nora grey ? '' 
 my knees went a little soft at the mention of my name , and i flattened a hand to the wall for support . 
 `` they found her in the cemetery , and they 're saying she ca n't remember anything , '' marcie went on . 
 `` i guess she 's so messed up she even ran from the police . 
 she thought they were trying to hurt her . '' 
 `` my mom said she was probably brainwashed by her kidnapper , '' cassie said . 
 `` like some skeezy guy could have made her think they were married . '' 
 `` ew ! '' 
 they all said in unison . 
 `` whatever happened , she 's damaged goods now , '' marcie said . 
 `` even if she says she ca n't remember anything , she knows what happened subconsciously . 
 she 's going to be dragging around that baggage for the rest of her life . 
 she might as well wrap herself in yellow tape that says , ` stay out and do not cross . ' '' 
 they giggled . 
 then marcie said , `` back to class , girlies . 
 i 'm clean out of late passes . 
 the secretaries keep locking them in their drawers . 
 whores . '' 
 i waited long after they had filed out , just to be sure the bathroom and halls would be empty . 
 then i hustled through the door . 
 i speed-walked all the way to the end of the hall , shoved through the outside exit , and broke into a jog toward the student parking lot . 
 i flung myself inside the volkswagen , wondering why i 'd ever believed i could waltz back into my life and expect to pick up right where things had left off . 
 because that was exactly it . 
 things had n't left off . 
 they 'd moved on without me . 
 chapter 7 i prepped for dinner with hank and my mom by changing into flats and a bill owy bohemian dress that fell above the knee . 
 it was nicer than hank deserved , but i had an ulterior motive . 
 tonight 's goal was twofold . 
 first , make my mom and hank wish they 'd never invited me . 
 second , make my stance on their relationship crystal clear . 
 i was already mentally rehearsing my discourse , which i 'd deliver on my feet at top volume , and it would end when i doused hank with his own glass of wine . 
 i intended to usurp marcie 's diva queen throne tonight , my own propriety be damned . 
 but first things first . 
 i had to lull mom and hank into believing i was in the right frame of mind to be taken into public . 
 if i exited my bedroom foaming at the mouth and dressed in a black love sucks tee , my plan would never get off the ground . 
 i 'd spent thirty minutes in the shower , hot water beating every inch of my body , and after vigorously scrubbing and shaving , i 'd pampered my skin with baby oil . 
 the tiny cuts crisscrossing my arms and legs were healing fast , as were the bruises , but both shed a crack of unwanted light on what life had been like during my abduction . 
 combined with the filthy skin i 'd arrived at the hospital with , my best guess was that i 'd been held deep in the woods . 
 somewhere so remote , it would have been impossible for a passerby to stumble across me . 
 somewhere so godforsaken that my chances of escaping and surviving would be to next to nothing . 
 but i must have escaped . 
 how else could i explain making it back home ? 
 adding to this speculation , i envisioned the dense forests spanning northern maine and canada . 
 though i had no evidence to prove i had been held there , it was my best guess . 
 i 'd escaped , and against all odds , i 'd survived . 
 it was my only working theory . 
 on my way out of my bedroom , i hesitated in front of the mirror long enough to scrunch my hair . 
 it was longer now , falling halfway down my spine , with natural caramel highlights , thanks to summer 's sun . 
 i 'd definitely been someplace outdoors . 
 my skin held a kiss of bronze , and something told me i had n't been hiding out in a tanning salon all those weeks . 
 i had the aimless thought to buy new makeup , then scratched it . 
 i did n't want new makeup to match the new me . 
 i just wanted the old me back . 
 downstairs , i met hank and my mom in the foyer . 
 i vaguely noted that hank looked like a life-size ken doll with icy blue eyes , a golden skin tone , and an impeccable side part . 
 the only discrepancy was hank 's lithe build . 
 in a brawl , ken would have won , hands down . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 she was all dressed up too , in lightweight wool pants , a blouse , and a silk wrap . 
 but i was more aware of what she was n't wearing . 
 for the first time , her wedding band was missing , leaving a pale stripe around her ring finger . 
 `` i 'll drive separately , '' i said brusquely . 
 hank squeezed my shoulder playfully . 
 before i could squirm away , he said , `` marcie is the same way . 
 now that she has her license , she wants to drive everywhere . '' 
 he raised his hands as if offering no argument . 
 `` your mother and i will meet you there . '' 
 i debated telling hank that my wanting to drive separately had nothing to do with a piece of plastic in my wall et . 
 and a lot more to do with the way being around him made my stomach roll . 
 i swiveled to face my mom . 
 `` can i have money for gas ? 
 tank 's low . '' 
 `` actually , '' mom said , aiming a help me with this look at hank , `` i was really hoping to use this time for the three of us to talk . 
 why do n't you drive with us , and i 'll give you money to fill up the car tomorrow ? '' 
 her tone was polite , but there was no mistaking . 
 she was n't offering me a choice . 
 `` be a good girl and listen to your mother , '' hank told me , flashing a perfectly straight , perfectly white smile . 
 `` i 'm sure we 'll have plenty of time to talk at dinner . 
 i do n't see the big deal in driving by myself , '' i said . 
 `` true , but you 're still going to have to ride with us , '' mom said . 
 `` turns out i 'm all out of cash . 
 the new cell phone i bought you today was n't cheap . '' 
 `` i ca n't pay for gas with your credit card ? '' 
 but i already knew her answer . 
 unlike vee 's mom , my mom never loaned me her credit card , and i did n't have the moral flexibility to `` borrow '' it . 
 i supposed i could have used my own money , but i 'd taken a stand and i was n't backing down now . 
 before she could shoot me down , i added , `` or what about hank ? 
 i 'm sure he 'll spot me twenty dollars . 
 right , hank ? '' 
 hank tipped his head back and laughed , but i did n't miss the lines of irritation forming around his eyes . 
 `` you 've got quite the negotiator on your hands , blythe . 
 instinct tells me she did n't inherit your sweet , unassuming nature . '' 
 mom said , `` do n't be rude , nora . 
 now you 're making a big deal out of nothing . 
 carpooling for one night is n't going to kill you . '' 
 i looked at hank , hoping he could read my mind . 
 do n't be so sure . 
 `` we 'd better get going , '' mom said . 
 `` we have reservations for eight and do n't want to lose our table . '' 
 before i could roll out another argument , hank opened the front door and motioned my mom and me out . 
 `` ah , so that 's your car , nora ? 
 the volkswagen ? '' 
 he asked , looking across the driveway . 
 `` next time you 're in the market , stop by my dealership . 
 i could have hooked you up with a convertible celica for the same price . '' 
 `` it was a gift from a friend , '' mom explained . 
 hank let out a low whistle . 
 `` that 's some friend you 've got . '' 
 `` his name is scott parnell , '' mom said . 
 `` old friend of the family . '' 
 `` scott parnell , '' hank mused , dragging a hand over his mouth . 
 `` the name rings a bell . 
 do i know his parents ? '' 
 `` his mom , lynn , lives over on deacon road , but scott left town over the summer . '' 
 `` interesting , '' hank murmured . 
 `` any idea where he ended up ? '' 
 `` somewhere in new hampshire . 
 do you know scott ? '' 
 hank dismissed her inquiry with a shake of his head . 
 `` new hampshire is god 's country , '' he murmured appreciatively . 
 his voice was so smooth , it instantly grated . 
 equally as irritating was the fact that he could have passed as mom 's younger brother . 
 really and truly . 
 he had facial hair , a fine scruff that covered most of his face , but where i could see , he had excellent skin tone and very few wrinkles . 
 i 'd considered the possibility that my mom would eventually start dating again , and maybe even remarry , but i wanted her husband to look distinguished . 
 hank mill ar came off as a frat boy hiding under a shark-gray suit . 
 at coopersmith 's , hank parked in the rear lot . 
 as we climbed out , my new cell phone chirped . 
 i 'd texted vee my new number before leaving , and it appeared she 'd received it . 
 babe ! 
 i 'm @ ur house . 
 where r u ? 
 `` i 'll meet you inside , '' i told mom and hank . 
 `` text , '' i explained , jiggling my cell . 
 mom sent me a black look that said , make it fast , then took hank 's arm and let him escort her toward the restaurant doors . 
 i keyed in a response to vee . 
 guess where iam . 
 clue ? 
 she texted back . 
 swear u wo n't tell a soul ? 
 u have 2 ask ? 
 i reluctantly texted , @ dinner w. marcie 's dad . ?! 
 and my mom is dating him . 
 traitor ! 
 if they get married , u and marcie ... could use a little consolation here ! 
 does he know ur texting me ? 
 vee asked . 
 no . 
 they r inside . 
 i 'm in the parking lot-coopersmith 's . 
 the pimp . 
 2 good 4 applebee 's , i see . 
 i 'm going 2 order the most expensive thing on the menu . 
 if all goes well , i 'm going to throw hank 's drink in his face 2 . 
 ha ! 
 do n't bother . 
 i 'll come pick u up . 
 we need 2 hang out . 
 been 2 long . 
 dying 2 see u ! 
 this sucks so bad ! 
 i texted back . 
 i have 2 stay . 
 mom is on the warpath . 
 turning me down ?! 
 paying family dues . 
 cut me some slack . 
 did i mention i 'm dying 2 see u ? 
 me 2 . 
 ur the best , u know that , right ? 
 word . 
 meet @ enzo 's tomorrow 4 lunch ? 
 noon ? 
 deal . 
 hanging up , i crossed the gravel parking lot and let myself inside . 
 the lights were dim , the decor masculine and rustic with brick walls , red leather booths , and antler chandeliers . 
 the smell of sizzling meat overwhelmed the air , and the tvs over the bar blared the day 's sports highlights . 
 `` my party just came in a minute ago , '' i told the hostess . 
 `` the reservation is under the name hank mill ar . '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` yes , hank just came in . 
 my dad used to golf with him , so i know him really well . 
 he 's like a second father to me . 
 i 'm sure the divorce has just devastated him , so it 's really nice to see him dating again . '' 
 i recalled marcie 's earlier comment that her mom had friends everywhere . 
 i prayed coopersmith 's was n't on her radar , fearing how fast news of this date might travel . 
 `` i guess it depends on who you ask , '' i mumbled . 
 the hostess 's smile turned flustered . 
 `` oh ! 
 how thoughtless of me . 
 you 're right . 
 i 'm sure his ex-wife would disagree . 
 i should n't have said anything . 
 right this way , please . '' 
 she 'd missed my point , but i left it alone . 
 i followed her past the bar , down a short flight of steps , and into the sunken dining area . 
 black-and-white photos of famous mobsters hung on both brick walls . 
 the tabletops were constructed from old ship hatch covers . 
 rumor had it the slate floor had been imported from a ruined castle in france and dated back to the sixteenth century . 
 i made a mental note that hank was fond of old things . 
 hank rose from his chair when he saw me approach . 
 ever the gentleman . 
 if only he knew what i had in store for him . 
 `` was that vee texting you ? '' 
 mom asked . 
 i dropped into a chair and propped up the menu to obstruct my view of hank . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` same old vee ? '' 
 she teased . 
 i made a consenting noise . 
 `` the two of you should get together this weekend , '' she suggested . 
 `` already covered . '' 
 after a moment , my mom picked up her own menu . 
 `` well ! 
 everything looks wonderful . 
 it 's going to be hard to decide . 
 what do you think you 'll have , nora ? '' 
 i scanned the price column , looking for the most exorbitant figure . 
 suddenly hank coughed and loosened his tie , as though he 'd swallowed water down the wrong tube . 
 his eyes went a little wide in disbelief . 
 i followed his gaze and saw marcie mill ar stroll into the restaurant with her mom . 
 susanna mill ar hung her cardigan on the antique coatrack just inside the front doors , then both she and marcie followed the hostess to a table four down from ours . 
 susanna mill ar took a chair with her back to us , and i was pretty sure she had n't noticed . 
 marcie , on the other hand , who was seated opposite her mom , did a double take in the middle of picking up her ice water . 
 she paused with the glass inches from her mouth . 
 her eyes mimicked her dad 's , growing wide with shock . 
 they traveled from hank , to my mom , finally stopping at me . 
 marcie leaned across the table and whispered a few words to her mom . 
 susanna 's posture stiffened . 
 a tight feeling of impending disaster slid through my stomach and did n't stop until it settled in my toes . 
 marcie pushed out of her chair abruptly . 
 her mom grabbed for her arm , but marcie was faster . 
 she marched over . 
 `` so , '' she said , stopping at the edge of our table . 
 `` y ' all having a nice little dinner out ? '' 
 hank cleared his throat . 
 he glanced at my mom once , shutting his eyes briefly in silent apology . 
 `` can i give an outsider 's opinion ? '' 
 marcie continued in a bizarrely cheerful voice . 
 `` marcie , '' hank said , warning creeping into his tone . 
 `` now that you 're eligible , dad , you 're going to want to be careful who you date . '' 
 for all her bravado , i noticed that marcie 's arms had adopted a fine tremble . 
 maybe out of anger , but oddly , it looked more like fear to me . 
 with his lips barely moving , hank murmured , `` i 'm asking you politely to go back to your mother and enjoy your meal . 
 we can talk about this later . '' 
 not about to be deterred , marcie continued , `` this is going to sound harsh , but it will save you a lot of pain in the end . 
 some women are gold diggers . 
 they only want you for your money . '' 
 her gaze locked solidly on my mom . 
 i stared at marcie , and even i could feel my eyes flashing with hostility . 
 her dad sold cars ! 
 maybe in coldwater that amounted to an impressive career choice , but she was acting like her family had a pedigree and so many trust funds they were tripping on them ! 
 if my mom was a gold digger , she could do much-much-better than a sleazy car salesman named hank . 
 `` and coopersmith 's , of all places , '' marcie went on , a note of disgust overshadowing her cheery tone . 
 `` low blow . 
 this is our restaurant . 
 we 've had birthdays here , work parties , anniversaries . 
 could you be any tackier ? '' 
 hank squeezed between his eyes . 
 mom said quietly , `` i picked the restaurant , marcie . 
 i did n't realize it had special meaning to your family . '' 
 `` do n't talk to me , '' marcie snapped . 
 `` this is between me and my dad . 
 do n't act like you get any say in this . '' 
 `` okay ! '' 
 i said , pushing up from my chair . 
 `` i 'm going to the restroom . '' 
 i sent my mom a quick look , hinting for her to join me . 
 this was n't our problem . 
 if marcie and her dad wanted to go at it , and in public , fine . 
 but i was n't going to sit here and make a spectacle of myself . 
 `` i 'll join you , '' marcie said , catching me off guard . 
 before i could figure out my next move , marcie looped her arm through mine and propelled me toward the front of the restaurant . 
 `` mind telling me what this is all about ? '' 
 i asked when we were out of earshot . 
 i shifted my eyes between our linked arms . 
 `` a truce , '' marcie stated pointedly . 
 things were getting more interesting by the minute . 
 things were getting more interesting by the minute . 
 `` oh ? 
 and how long is it going to last ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` just until my dad breaks up with your mom . '' 
 `` good luck with that one , '' i said with a snort . 
 she let go of my arm so we could pass single file into the ladies ' room . 
 when the door fell shut at our backs , she did a quick check under the stalls to make sure we were alone . 
 `` do n't pretend like you do n't care , '' she said . 
 `` i saw you sitting with them . 
 you looked like you were going to vomit out your eyes . '' 
 `` your point ? '' 
 `` my point being we have something in common . '' 
 i laughed , but my laugh was of the dry , humorless variety . 
 `` scared of taking sides with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` more like wary . 
 i 'm not particularly fond of getting stabbed in the back . '' 
 `` i would n't stab you in the back . '' 
 she flicked her wrist impatiently . 
 `` not on something this serious . '' 
 `` note to self : marcie is only a backstabber on trivial things . '' 
 marcie boosted herself onto the sink 's ledge . 
 she was now half a head taller , looking down on me . 
 `` is it true you ca n't remember anything ? 
 like , your amnesia is real ? '' 
 stay cool . 
 `` did you drag me in here to talk about our parents , or are you really that interested in me ? '' 
 lines of concentration formed on her forehead . 
 `` if something happened between us ... you would n't remember , right ? 
 it would be like it did n't happen . 
 in your mind , anyway . '' 
 she watched me closely , clearly intent on my answer . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i was growing more irritated by the minute . 
 `` just spit it out . 
 what happened between us ? '' 
 `` i 'm being completely hypothetical here . '' 
 i did n't believe that for a second . 
 marcie had probably humiliated me in some grand way before i 'd vanished , but now that she needed my cooperation , she hoped i 'd forgotten . 
 whatever she 'd done , i was almost glad i could n't remember . 
 i had a lot more on my mind than worrying about marcie 's latest offensive strike . 
 `` it 's true then , '' marcie said , not exactly smiling , but not frowning either . 
 `` you really ca n't remember . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but i did n't have a comeback . 
 lying , and getting caught in the act , would say a lot more about my insecurities than just being up-front . 
 `` my dad said you ca n't remember anything from the last five months . 
 why does the amnesia stretch back that far ? 
 why not just from when you were kidnapped ? '' 
 my tolerance had reached its limit . 
 if i was going to discuss this with anyone , marcie was n't first on the list . 
 she was n't on the list , period . 
 `` i do n't have time for this . 
 i 'm going back to the table . '' 
 `` i 'm just trying to get information . '' 
 `` ever consider it 's none of your business ? '' 
 i said , my parting shot . 
 `` are you telling me you do n't remember patch ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 patch . 
 as soon as his name fell from marcie 's lips , the same haunting shade of black eclipsed my vision . 
 it vanished as quickly as it came , but left an impression . 
 hot , unaccountable emotion . 
 like an unexpected slap to the face . 
 i momentarily lost the ability to draw breath . 
 the sting radiated all the way to the bone . 
 i knew the name . 
 there was something about him ... `` what did you say ? '' 
 i asked slowly , turning back . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 her eyes studied mine . 
 `` patch . '' 
 i tried but failed to keep a blush of bewilderment and uncertainty from trickling into my expression . 
 `` well , well , '' marcie said , not looking as pleased as i would have expected for catching me stripped and defenseless . 
 i knew i should walk out , but that elusive flare of recognition caused me to hold my place . 
 maybe , if i kept talking to marcie , it would return . 
 maybe this time it would hang around long enough for me to make something of it . 
 `` are you going to stand there and ` well , well ' me , or are you going to give me a hint ? '' 
 `` patch gave you something earlier in the summer , '' she said without preamble . 
 `` something that belongs to me . '' 
 `` who 's patch ? '' 
 i managed at last . 
 the question seemed redundant , but i was n't about to let marcie race on ahead until i was caught up-at least as much as i could be . 
 five months was a lot of ground to cover in a quick trip to the bathroom . 
 `` a guy i dated . 
 a summer fling . '' 
 another potent stirring within that felt eerily close to jealousy , but i shoved the impression away . 
 marcie and i would never be interested in the same guy . 
 attributes she valued , such as shallow , unintel igent , and egotistical , did n't pique my interest . 
 `` what did he give me ? '' 
 i knew i was missing a lot , but it was a really far stretch to think marcie 's boyfriend would have given me anything . 
 marcie and i shared none of the same friends . 
 we were n't involved in any of the same clubs . 
 none of our extracurricular activities overlapped . 
 in short , we had nothing in common . 
 `` a necklace . '' 
 savoring the fact that for once i did n't have to play defense , i gave her a gold-medal smirk . 
 `` why , marcie , i could have sworn giving another girl jewelry is a sign that your boyfriend is a cheat . '' 
 she tilted her head back and laughed so convincingly , i felt that same uneasiness settle back into my gut . 
 `` i ca n't decide if it 's sad that you 're so completely in the dark , or funny . '' 
 i folded my arms across my chest , aiming for a subtle show of annoyance and impatience , but the truth was , i was cold on the inside . 
 a cold that did n't have to do with temperature . 
 i was never going to escape this . 
 i had a quick and terrible feeling that my run-in with marcie was only the beginning , a subtle foreshadowing of what lay ahead . 
 `` i do n't have the necklace . '' 
 `` you think you do n't have it , because you ca n't remember it . 
 but you have it . 
 it 's probably sitting inside your jewelry box right now . 
 you promised patch you 'd pass it along to me . '' 
 she held out a scrap of paper for me to take . 
 `` my number . 
 call me when you find the necklace . '' 
 i took the paper , but i was n't going to be bought that easily . 
 `` why did n't he just give you the necklace himself ? '' 
 `` we were both friends with patch . '' 
 at my look of deep skepticism , she added , `` there 's a first time for everything , is n't there ? '' 
 `` i do n't have the necklace , '' i repeated with finality . 
 `` you have it , and i want it back . '' 
 could she be any more persistent ? 
 `` this weekend , when i have some free time , i 'll look around for it . '' 
 `` sooner rather than later would be nice . '' 
 `` my offer , take it or leave it . '' 
 she flapped her arms . 
 `` why do you have a stick up your derriere ? '' 
 i kept my smile pleasant , my way of giving her the finger . 
 `` i might not be able to remember the last five months , but the sixteen years before that are crystal clear . 
 including the eleven we 've known each other . '' 
 `` so this is about a grudge . 
 very mature . '' 
 `` this is a matter of principle . 
 i do n't trust you , because you 've never given me a reason to . 
 if you want me to believe you , you 're going to have to show me why i should . '' 
 `` you 're such an idiot . 
 try to remember . 
 if there was one good thing patch did , it was bring us together . 
 did you know you came to my summer party ? 
 ask around . 
 you were there . 
 as my friend . 
 patch made me see a different side of you . '' 
 `` i came to one of your parties ? '' 
 i was instantly skeptical . 
 but why would she lie ? 
 she was right-i could ask around . 
 it seemed foolish to make such a claim when the truth was so easy to prove . 
 apparently reading my thoughts , she said , `` do n't take my word for it . 
 really . 
 call around and see for yourself . '' 
 then she pushed the strap of her purse up onto her shoulder and sashayed out . 
 i hung behind a few moments , gathering my cool . 
 i had one equally bewildering and aggravating idea bouncing around in my head . 
 was there any possible way marcie was telling the truth ? 
 had her boyfriend-patch ? 
 - cracked years ' worth of accumulated ice between us and brought us together ? 
 the idea was almost laughable . 
 the phrase i 'd have to see it to believe it danced in my head . 
 more than ever , i resented my faulty memory , if for no other reason than it placed me at a disadvantage with marcie . 
 and if patch was both her summer fling and our mutual friend , where was he now ? 
 leaving the restroom , i noticed marcie and her mother were nowhere in sight . 
 i assumed they 'd asked to be reseated , or made a statement to hank by leaving altogether . 
 either way , i was n't complaining . 
 as our table came into view , my stride slowed . 
 hank and my mom were holding hands across the table and gazing into each other 's eyes in a deeply private way . 
 he reached out to tuck a runaway strand of hair behind her ear . 
 she blushed with pleasure . 
 i backed away without realizing it . 
 i was going to be sick . 
 the biggest cliche , but painfully accurate . 
 so much for dousing hank with his wine . 
 so much for morphing into a diva of epic proportions . 
 changing course , i ran for the front doors . 
 i asked the hostess to relay the message to my mom that i 'd called vee for a ride , then hurried into the night . 
 i swallowed several deep breaths . 
 my blood pressure stabilized , and i stopped seeing double . 
 a few stars glinted overhead , even though the western horizon still glowed from the recent sunset . 
 it was just cool enough to make me wish i was wearing an extra layer , but in my rush to leave , i 'd left my jean jacket hanging on the back of my chair . 
 i was n't going back for it now . 
 i was more tempted to go back for my cell , but if i 'd survived the past three months without one , i was pretty sure i could handle one more night . 
 there was a 7-eleven a handful of blocks away , and while i considered the possibility that it was n't wise to be out alone at night , i also knew that i could n't spend the rest of my life cowering in fear . 
 if shark attack victims could get back in the ocean again , surely i could walk a few blocks by myself . 
 i was in a very safe , well-lit part of town . 
 if i wanted to force myself to break through my fear , i could n't have selected a better location . 
 six blocks later i entered the 7-eleven , the door chiming as i did . 
 i was so caught up in my own thoughts , it took me a few beats to figure out that something was wrong . 
 the store was eerily quiet . 
 but i knew i was n't alone ; i 'd seen heads through the plate-glass window as i 'd crossed the parking lot . 
 four guys , from what i 'd been able to tell . 
 but they 'd all vanished , and fast . 
 even the front counter was left unattended . 
 i could n't remember ever walking into a convenience store to find the front counter neglected . 
 it was asking to be robbed . 
 especially after dark . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called out . 
 i walked along the front of the store , glancing down the aisles , which stocked everything from fig newtons to dramamine . 
 `` is anyone here ? 
 i need to make change for the pay phone . '' 
 a muffled sound came from the hallway at the rear . 
 it was unlit , presumably leading to the restrooms . 
 i strained to hear the sound again . 
 given all the false alarms lately , i was afraid this was the beginning of another hallucination . 
 then i heard a second sound . 
 the faint squeak of a door closing . 
 i was pretty sure this sound was real , which meant someone could be hiding back there , just out of sight . 
 anxiety pinched my real , which meant someone could be hiding back there , just out of sight . 
 anxiety pinched my stomach , and i hustled outside . 
 rounding the building , i located the pay phone and punched in 9-1-1 . 
 i heard only one ring before a hand reached over my shoulder , clicked the receiver , and ended the call . 
 chapter 8 i swung around . 
 he had a good six inches and fifty pounds on me . 
 the lights from the parking lot did a poor job of reaching back here , but i ran down a quick list of identifying features : reddish-blond hair gelled and spiked , watery blue eyes , studs in both ears , a shark-tooth necklace . 
 light acne on the lower half of his face . 
 a black tank top that showed off a muscle-y bicep inked with a fire-breathing dragon . 
 `` need help ? '' 
 he asked with a twist of his lips . 
 he offered me his cell phone , then braced an arm on the pay phone , leaning into my private space . 
 his smile was a little too sweet , a little too superior . 
 `` hate to see a pretty girl waste money on a call . '' 
 when i did n't answer , he frowned slightly . 
 `` unless you were placing a free call . '' 
 he scratched his cheek , a show of deep contemplation . 
 `` but the only free call you can make from a pay phone is ... to the police . '' 
 any hint of the angelic vanished from his tone . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` there was no one inside at the front counter . 
 i thought something was wrong . '' 
 and now i knew something was wrong . 
 the only reason he 'd care if i was calling the police was if it was in his best interest to keep them far , far away . 
 a robbery , then ? 
 `` let me make this simple for you , '' he said , slouching down and putting his face close to mine , as if i were five years old and needed slow , clear instruction . 
 `` get back in your car and keep driving . '' 
 it dawned on me that he did n't realize i 'd walked here . 
 but the thought became a moot point when i heard scuffling coming from the all ey just around the corner . 
 there was a slew of curse words , and a grunt of pain . 
 i considered my options . 
 i could take shark tooth necklace 's advice and leave quickly , pretending i 'd never been here . 
 or i could run to the next gas station down the road and call the police . 
 but by then , it might be too late . 
 if they were robbing the store , shark tooth and his friends were n't going to take their sweet time . 
 my only other option was to stay put and make an either very brave , or very stupid , attempt to stop the robbery . 
 `` what 's going on back there ? '' 
 i asked innocently , signaling the rear of the building . 
 `` look around , '' he replied , his voice soft and silky . 
 `` this place is empty . 
 nobody knows you 're here . 
 nobody 's ever going to remember you were here . 
 now be a good girl and get back in your car and drive away . '' 
 `` i - '' he pressed his finger to my lips . 
 `` i 'm not going to ask again . '' 
 his voice was gentle , flirtatious even . 
 but his eyes were icy pits . 
 `` i left my keys on the counter inside , '' i said , using the first excuse that came to mind . 
 `` when i first walked in . '' 
 he took me by the arm and hauled me around to the front of the building . 
 his stride was twice as long as mine , and i found myself half jogging to keep up . 
 all the while i was mentally shaking myself , ordering my ingenuity to think up an excuse for when he figured out i was lying . 
 i did n't know how he 'd react , but i had a general idea , and it made my stomach flip upside down . 
 the door chimed on our way in . 
 he forced me over to the cash register and flicked aside a cardboard display of chapstick and a plastic bin of key chains for sale , clearly hunting for my lost keys . 
 he moved to the next register and repeated his rushed hunt . 
 suddenly he stopped . 
 his eyes drifted idly over me . 
 `` want to tell me where your keys really are ? '' 
 i wondered if i could outrun him to the street . 
 i wondered what the chances were that a car would drive by when i needed it most . 
 and why , oh why , had i left coopersmith 's without grabbing my jacket and cell phone ? 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` marcie , '' i lied . 
 `` let me tell you something , marcie , '' he said , tucking a curl behind my ear . 
 i tried to take a step back , but he pinched my ear in warning . 
 so i stood there , enduring his touch as his finger trailed over the curve of my ear and along my jaw . 
 he tipped my chin up , forcing me to meet his pale , almost translucent eyes . 
 `` nobody lies to gabe . 
 when gabe tells a girl to run along , she better run along . 
 otherwise it makes gabe angry . 
 and that 's a bad thing , because gabe has a short temper . 
 in fact , short is a generous way of putting it . 
 you feel me ? '' 
 i found it eerie that he referred to himself in the third person , but i was n't about to make an issue of it . 
 instinct told me gabe did n't like to be corrected , either . 
 or questioned . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i did n't dare turn away from him , afraid he might mistake such a movement for a sign of disrespect . 
 `` i want you to go now , '' he said in that deceptively velvet voice . 
 i nodded , backing up . 
 my elbow bumped the door , letting in a rush of cool air . 
 as soon as i was outside , gabe called through the glass door , `` ten . '' 
 he was slouched against the front counter , a warped smile on his face . 
 i did n't know why he 'd said the word , but i held my expression in check as i continued to back away , faster now . 
 `` nine , '' he called next . 
 that 's when i figured out he was counting backward . 
 `` eight , '' he said , pushing up from the counter and taking a few lazy steps toward the door . 
 he placed his palms on the glass , then drew an invisible heart with his finger . 
 seeing the stricken look on my face , he chuckled . 
 `` seven . '' 
 i turned and ran . 
 i heard a car approaching on the main road , and i began shouting and flagging my arms . 
 but i was still too far away , and the car zipped past , the drone of its engine vanishing around the bend . 
 when i made it to the road , i glanced right , then left . 
 on a hasty decision , i turned toward coopersmith 's . 
 `` ready or not , here i come , '' i heard gabe call out behind me . 
 i pumped my arms harder , hearing the obnoxious slap of my ball et flats on the pavement . 
 i wanted to throw a look over my shoulder and see how far back he was , but forced myself to concentrate on the bend in the road ahead . 
 i tried to keep as much distance as possible between me and gabe . 
 a car would come soon . 
 it had to . 
 `` is that as fast as you can go ? '' 
 he could n't have been more than twenty feet behind . 
 worse , his voice did n't sound fatigued . 
 i was struck by the horrible thought that he was n't even trying . 
 he was enjoying the cat-and-mouse , and while i grew more and more tired with every step , he grew more and more excited . 
 `` keep going ! '' 
 he singsonged . 
 `` but do n't wear yourself out . 
 it wo n't be any fun if you ca n't put up a fight when i catch you . 
 i want to play . '' 
 ahead , i heard the deep rumble of an approaching engine . 
 headlights swung into view , and i moved into the middle of the road , frantically waving my arms . 
 gabe would n't hurt me with a witness looking on . 
 would he ? 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i yelled , continuing to hail what i could now see was a pickup truck rolling closer . 
 the driver slowed beside me , cracking his window . 
 he was middle-aged with a flannel shirt and smelled strongly of the fish docks . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his gaze shifted over my shoulder , where i felt gabe 's presence like a cold crackle in the air . 
 `` just playing hide-and-seek , '' gabe said , slinging his arm around my shoulders . 
 `` just playing hide-and-seek , '' gabe said , slinging his arm around my shoulders . 
 i shrugged him off . 
 `` i 've never seen this guy before , '' i told the man . 
 `` he threatened me at the 7-eleven . 
 i think he and his friends are trying to rob the store . 
 when i walked in , the store was empty and i heard a struggle in the back . 
 we need to call the police . '' 
 i paused , about to ask the man if he had a cell phone , when i watched with confusion as he turned to face forward , ignoring me . 
 he cranked his window all the way up , locking himself inside the cab of the truck . 
 `` you have to help ! '' 
 i said , rapping his window . 
 but his forward fixed stare did n't waver . 
 a little chil danced over my skin . 
 the man was n't going to help . 
 he was going to leave me out here with gabe . 
 gabe mimicked me , knocking obnoxiously on the man 's window . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 he cried in a shril voice . 
 `` gabe and his friends are robbing the 7-eleven . 
 oh , mister , you have to help me stop them ! '' 
 when he finished , he flung his head back , choking on his own laughter . 
 almost robotically , the man in the truck looked over at us . 
 his eyes were slightly crossed and unblinking . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ! '' 
 i said , rattling the truck 's door handle . 
 i smacked the window again . 
 `` call the police ! '' 
 the man stepped on the gas . 
 the truck accelerated slowly , and i jogged beside it , still clinging to the hope that i could open the door . 
 he fed the truck more gas , and i tripped over my feet to keep up . 
 suddenly he took off like a shot , and i was flung off into the road . 
 i whirled to gabe . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 this . 
 i flinched , hearing the word echo inside my head like a phantom presence . 
 gabe 's eyes blackened into hollows . 
 his hair started visibly growing , first on top of his head , and then everywhere . 
 it tufted out from his arms , down to the tips of his fingers , until he was covered in fur . 
 matted , reeking brown fur . 
 he lumbered toward me on his hind legs , gaining height until he towered over me . 
 he swiped his arm , and i saw a flash of claws . 
 then he crashed down on all fours , put his wet black nose in my face , and roared-an angry , reverberating sound . 
 he had transformed into a grizzly bear . 
 in my terror , i tripped backward and went down . 
 i scuttled backward , blindly sweeping the roadside for a rock . 
 catching one in my hand , i hurled it at the bear . 
 it hit him in the shoulder and bounced aside . 
 i grabbed another rock , aiming for his head . 
 the rock flew into his snout , and he snapped his head to the side , saliva trailing from his mouth . 
 he roared again , then came at me faster than i could scramble backward . 
 using his paw , he flattened me against the pavement . 
 he was pushing too hard ; my ribs creaked in pain . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i tried to shove his paw off , but he was much too strong . 
 i did n't know if he could hear me . 
 or understand . 
 i did n't know if any part of gabe was left inside the bear . 
 never before in my life had i witnessed anything so inexplicably horrifying . 
 the wind picked up , tangling my hair across my face . 
 through it , i watched the wind carry off the bear 's fur . 
 little tufts of it drifted up into the night . 
 when i looked again , it was gabe leaning over me . 
 his sadistic grin implied , you 're my puppet . 
 and do n't you forget it . 
 i was n't sure which terrified me more : gabe or the bear . 
 `` up you go , '' he said , hoisting me to my feet . 
 he propelled me back along the road until the lights of 7-eleven came into view . 
 my mind staggered . 
 had he-hypnotized me ? 
 made me believe he 'd turned himself into a bear ? 
 was there any other explanation ? 
 i knew i had to get out of here and call for help , but i had n't come up with the how yet . 
 we rounded the building to the all ey , where the others were congregated . 
 two were dressed in street clothes , similar to gabe 's . 
 the third was wearing a lime-green polo with 7-eleven and the name b.j. embroidered on the pocket . 
 b.j. was on his knees , clutching his ribs , moaning inconsolably . 
 his eyes were squeezed shut , and saliva trickled from the corner of his mouth . 
 one of gabe 's friends-he wore an oversize gray hoodie-stood over b.j. with a tire iron , raised and ready to swing , presumably again . 
 my mouth went dry , and my legs seemed to be made of straw . 
 i could n't unglue my eyes from the dark red stain seeping through the midsection of b.j. 's shirt . 
 `` you 're hurting him , '' i said , aghast . 
 gabe held his hand out for the tire iron , and it was readily given to him . 
 `` you mean this ? '' 
 gabe asked with mock sincerity . 
 he swung the tire iron down square against b.j. 's back , and i heard a grotesque crunch . 
 b.j. screamed , collapsed onto his side , and writhed in pain . 
 gabe stretched the tire iron across the back of his shoulders , hanging his arms over it like it was a baseball bat . 
 `` home run ! '' 
 he holl ered . 
 the other two laughed . 
 i was dizzy with the need to be sick . 
 `` just take the money ! '' 
 i said , my voice rising toward a shout . 
 clearly this was a robbery , but they were taking it five steps too far . 
 `` you 're going to kill him if you keep hitting him ! '' 
 a snicker moved through the group , as if they knew something i did not . 
 `` kill him ? 
 unlikely , '' gabe said . 
 `` he 's already bleeding heavily ! '' 
 gabe raised an uncaring shoulder . 
 and that 's when i knew he was n't just cruel , but insane . 
 `` he 'll heal . '' 
 `` not if he does n't get to a hospital soon . '' 
 gabe used his shoe to nudge b.j. , who had rolled over and planted his forehead on the cement apron spreading out from the back entrance . 
 his whole body trembled , and i thought it looked like he was going into shock . 
 `` did you hear her ? '' 
 gabe yelled down at b.j. `` you need to get to a hospital . 
 i 'll drive you there myself and dump you in front of the er . 
 but first you got to say it . 
 swear the oath . '' 
 with great effort , b.j. lifted his head to fix a withering stare on gabe . 
 he opened his mouth , and i thought he was going to say whatever it was they all wanted him to , but instead he spat , hitting gabe in the leg . 
 `` you ca n't kill me , '' he sneered , but his teeth chattered and his eyes rolled back to whites , clearly showing he was on the brink of fainting . 
 `` the-black-hand-told-me . '' 
 `` wrong answer , '' gabe said , tossing the tire iron up and catching it like a baton . 
 when the trick ended , he swooped the tire iron down in a violent arc . 
 the metal smashed over b.j. 's spine , causing him to jerk rod-straight and cry out in a hair-raising yowl . 
 i drew both hands over my mouth , transfixed by horror . 
 horror from both the gruesome picture in front of me , and from a word screaming inside my head . 
 it was as though the word had snapped free from deep in my subconscious and smacked me head-on . 
 nephilim . 
 that 's what b.j. is , i thought , even though the word meant nothing to me . 
 and they 're trying to force him to swear an oath of fealty . 
 it was a frightening revelation , because i did n't know what any of it meant . 
 where was i getting this from ? 
 how could i know anything about what was happening , when i 'd never seen anything like it before ? 
 i was torn from any further thought on the matter when a white suv swung into the all ey ahead , the beam of its headlights causing all of us to freeze . 
 gabe discreetly lowered the tire iron , hiding it behind his leg . 
 i prayed that whoever was behind the wheel would reverse out of the all ey and call the police . 
 if the driver came much closer , well , i 'd already seen what gabe could do to convince people not to help . 
 i began drafting ideas in my mind of how to drag b.j. from the scene while gabe and the others i began drafting ideas in my mind of how to drag b.j. from the scene while gabe and the others were distracted , when one of the guys-the one in the gray hoodie-asked gabe , `` do you think they 're nephilim ? '' 
 nephilim . 
 that word . 
 again . 
 spoken out loud this time . 
 instead of comforting me , the word only ratcheted up my terror another few notches . 
 i knew the word , and now it seemed gabe and his friends did too . 
 how could we possibly have it in common ? 
 how could we have anything in common ? 
 gabe shook his head . 
 `` they 'd bring more than one car . 
 the black hand would n't go up against us with less than twenty of his guys . '' 
 `` police , then ? 
 could be an unmarked car . 
 i can go convince them they 've made a wrong turn . '' 
 the way he said it made me wonder if gabe was n't the only one capable of his powerful brand of hypnotism . 
 maybe his two friends were as well . 
 the guy in the gray hoodie started forward , when gabe put his arm out , catching him in the chest . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the suv rumbled closer , gravel popping under its wheels . 
 my legs hummed with nervous adrenaline . 
 if a fight broke out , gabe and the others might get so wrapped up in it , i could grab b.j. under his armpits and haul him out of the all ey . 
 a slim chance , but a chance nonetheless . 
 suddenly gabe boomed with laughter . 
 he slapped his friends on the back , his teeth gleaming . 
 `` well , well , boys . 
 look who came to the party after all . '' 
 chapter 9 the white suv rolled to a stop and the engine cut off . 
 the driver 's - side door opened , and through the grainy darkness , someone stepped out . 
 male . 
 tall . 
 loose-fit jeans and a white-and-navy baseball tee pushed up to his elbows . 
 his face was concealed under the brim of a ball cap , but i saw the strong line of his jaw and the shape of his mouth , and the picture jolted me like a current of electricity . 
 the flash of black bursting at the back of my mind was so intense , the color completely stained my vision for several seconds . 
 `` decided to join us after all ? '' 
 gabe called to him . 
 the newcomer did n't answer . 
 `` this one 's offering resistance , '' gabe continued , driving the toe of his shoe into b.j. , who was still coiled in a ball on the ground . 
 `` does n't want to swear fealty . 
 thinks he 's too good for me . 
 and this , coming from a crossbreed . '' 
 laughter circled through gabe and his two friends , but if the driver of the suv got the joke , he did n't show it . 
 sliding his hands into his pockets , he studied us in silence . 
 i thought his gaze lingered a little long on me , but i was strung so tight , i could have seen something that was n't really there . 
 `` why is she here ? '' 
 he asked quietly , lifting his chin at me . 
 `` wrong place , wrong time , '' gabe said . 
 `` now she 's a witness . '' 
 `` i told her to keep driving . '' 
 was it just me , or did gabe sound defensive ? 
 it was the first time all night anyone , however subtly , had questioned his authority , and i could practically feel the air around him sizzle with a negative charge . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` she would n't leave . '' 
 `` she 's going to remember everything . '' 
 gabe swung the tire iron agilely in his hand , round and round . 
 `` i can convince her not to talk . '' 
 the driver 's eyes shifted to b.j. 's balled-up form . 
 `` just like you convinced this one to talk ? '' 
 gabe frowned . 
 his grip on the tire iron tightened . 
 `` got a better idea ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 let her go . '' 
 gabe thumbed his nose and gave a snort of laughter . 
 `` let her go , '' he repeated . 
 `` what 'll stop her from running straight to the police ? 
 huh , jev ? 
 thought that one through ? '' 
 `` you 're not afraid of the police , '' jev said calmly , but i thought i detected a hint of challenge . 
 his second indirect threat to gabe 's power . 
 taking a risk , i decided to insert myself into their argument . 
 `` if you let me go , i promise i wo n't talk . 
 just let me take him with me . '' 
 i motioned at b.j. 's crumpled figure , and i said the words like they came from the very bottom of my soul . 
 but i entertained the scary realization that i would have to talk . 
 i could n't let this kind of violence go unpunished . 
 if gabe was free , nothing was stopping him from torturing and terrorizing another victim . 
 i shielded those thoughts from my eyes , suddenly worried that gabe would see through me . 
 `` you heard her , '' jev said . 
 gabe 's jaw clenched . 
 `` no . 
 he 's mine . 
 i 've been waiting months for him to turn sixteen . 
 i 'm not walking away now . '' 
 `` there 'll be others , '' jev said , looking uncannily relaxed as he laced his fingers on top of his head . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` walk away . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 and be like you ? 
 you do n't have a nephil vassal . 
 it 's going to be a long , lonely cheshvan , pal . '' 
 `` cheshvan is still weeks away . 
 you 've got time . 
 you 'll find someone else . 
 let the nephil and the girl go . '' 
 gabe stepped up to jev . 
 jev was taller and smarter and knew how to keep his cool-i 'd gathered that in all of three seconds-but gabe had the advantage of bulk . 
 where jev was long and lean like a cheetah , gabe was built like a bull . 
 `` you turned us down earlier . 
 said you had other business tonight . 
 far as i 'm concerned , this is n't your call . 
 i 'm sick of you strolling in at the last minute and calling the shots . 
 i 'm not leaving until the nephil swears his oath of fealty . '' 
 there was that phrase again , `` oath of fealty . '' 
 vaguely familiar , and yet distant . 
 if on some deeper level i knew what it meant , the memory was n't resurfacing . 
 either way , i knew it would have terrible consequences for b.j. `` this is my night , '' gabe added , punctuating the fact by spitting at his feet . 
 `` i 'm ending it on my terms . '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' the guy in the gray hoodie interrupted , sounding stupefied . 
 his eyes swiveled in both directions down the all ey . 
 `` gabe ! 
 your nephil . 
 he 's gone ! '' 
 we all turned toward the spot where b.j. had lain inert only moments ago . 
 an oily stain on the gravel was the only sign he 'd been there . 
 `` he could n't have gone far , '' gabe snapped . 
 `` dominic , go that way , '' he ordered the guy in the gray hoodie , pointing down the all ey . 
 `` jeremiah , check the store . '' 
 the other guy , the one in a white graphic t-shirt , took off jogging around the corner . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 jev asked gabe , nodding at me . 
 `` why do n't you make yourself useful and go bring me back my nephil ? '' 
 gabe shot back . 
 jev raised his hands level with his shoulders . 
 `` have it your way . '' 
 i felt my stomach tumble to my knees as i realized that this was it . 
 jev was leaving . 
 he was friends with , or at least an acquaintance of , gabe , and that alone was enough to make me nervous of him , but at the same time , he was my only shot at getting out of here . 
 up until this point , he 'd appeared to take my side . 
 if he left , i was on my own . 
 gabe had made it clear he was the alpha male , and i was n't going to pretend i thought his remaining two friends would stand up to him . 
 `` you 're going to walk away , just like that ! '' 
 i yelled after jev . 
 but gabe rammed his shoe into the back of my leg , forcing me to collapse to my knees , and before i could say more , my breath was knocked out of me . 
 `` it 'll be easier if you do n't watch , '' gabe told me . 
 `` one solid hit , and it 'll be the last thing you feel . '' 
 i lunged forward to escape , but gabe grabbed a fistful of my hair , jerking me back . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` you ca n't just kill me . '' 
 `` hold still , '' he growled . 
 `` do n't let him do this , jev ! '' 
 i yelled , unable to see jev , but certain he could still hear me , since i had n't heard the suv start up yet . 
 i was rolling in the gravel , trying to turn around so i could see the tire iron and try to dodge it . 
 i wrapped my fist around a scoop of rocks , twisted violently just long enough to spot gabe , and flung them . 
 his big hand came down , grinding my forehead into the ground . 
 my nose was bent at a painful angle , rocks biting into my chin and cheeks . 
 there was a sickening crunch , and gabe collapsed on top of me . 
 through a haze of panic , i wondered if he was trying to smother me . 
 killing me quickly was n't enough , was it ? 
 had to draw out the pain as long as possible ? 
 gasping for breath , i clawed my way out from under him . 
 i scrambled to my feet and flipped around . 
 i braced myself in a defensive position , expecting to find gabe prepping to take a second shot at me . 
 my gaze dropped . 
 he was facedown on the ground , the tire iron jutting out of his back . 
 he 'd been stabbed with it . 
 jev wiped his sleeve across his face , which glistened with sweat . 
 at his feet , gabe twitched and shuddered , swearing violently and incoherently . 
 i could n't believe he was still alive . 
 the tire iron had to be straight through his spine . 
 `` you-stabbed him , '' i blurted , horror-struck . 
 `` and he 's not going to be happy about it , so i 'd suggest you get out of here , '' jev said , twisting the tire iron deeper . 
 he glanced over at me and did an eyebrow raise . 
 `` sooner rather than later . '' 
 i backed away . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he watched me for an absurdly long moment , considering the circumstances . 
 a brief expression of regret flicked across his features . 
 once again , i felt a powerful tug to my memory that threatened to mend the bridge holding everything out of reach . 
 i opened my mouth , but the conduit between my mind and my words had been destroyed . 
 i was at a loss as to how to connect the two . 
 i had something to say to him , but i could n't nail down what . 
 `` you can sit tight , but i 'm guessing b.j. already put a call in to the cops , '' jev said , screwing the tire iron deeper , causing gabe 's body to spring taut at one moment , and fall limp the next . 
 as if on cue , the distant wail of sirens shrilled across the night . 
 jev grabbed gabe under his arms , dragging him into the weeds on the far side of the all ey . 
 `` on the back roads , at the right speed , you can put a couple miles between you and this place in no time . '' 
 `` i do n't have a car . '' 
 his eyes sliced into mine . 
 `` i walked here , '' i explained . 
 `` i 'm on foot . '' 
 `` angel , '' he said in a way that sounded like he sincerely hoped i was joking . 
 a few moments together hardly qualified us for pet names , but nonetheless , my heartbeat went a little erratic at the endearment . 
 angel . 
 how could he possibly know that name had haunted me for days now ? 
 how could i possibly explain the eerie flashes of black that intensified the closer he came ? 
 most unnerving of all , if i connected the dots ... patch , a voice whispered from my subconscious , a quiet syllable that dashed itself against a cage deep within . 
 the last time you felt this way was when marcie mentioned patch . 
 the single syllable of his name opened me up to a swarm of black , maddening , consuming black that flooded from every direction . 
 i concentrated through it , eyes intent on jev , trying to make sense of a feeling i could n't put words to . 
 he knew something i did n't . 
 maybe about the mysterious patch , maybe about me . 
 definitely about me . 
 his presence cut me with emotions too deep to be a coincidence . 
 but how were patch , marcie , jev , and i connected ? 
 `` do i-know you ? '' 
 i asked him , unable to come up with any other explanation . 
 he gazed at me , unflinching . 
 `` no car ? '' 
 he confirmed , ignoring my question . 
 `` no car , '' i repeated , my voice considerably thinner . 
 he arched his neck back , as though to ask the moon , why me ? 
 then he jerked his thumb at the white suv he 'd pulled up in . 
 `` get in . '' 
 i shut my eyes , trying to think . 
 `` wait . 
 we have to stay and testify . 
 if we run , we might as well be confessing our guilt . 
 i 'll tell the police you killed gabe to save my life . '' 
 further inspiration struck me . 
 `` we 'll find b.j. and get him to testify too . '' 
 jev opened the driver 's - side door of the suv . 
 `` all of the above would be true if the police could be relied on . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 they 're the police . 
 it 's their job to catch criminals . 
 we 're not in the wrong here . 
 gabe would have killed me if you had n't stepped in . '' 
 `` that part i do n't doubt . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` this is n't the kind of case local law enforcement is set up to handle . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure murder falls under the jurisdiction of the law ! '' 
 i argued . 
 `` two things , '' he said patiently . 
 `` first , i did n't kill gabe . 
 i stunned him . 
 second , believe me when i say jeremiah and dominic will not go into custody willingly and without a lot of bloodshed . '' 
 i opened my mouth to argue when , from the corner of my eye , i saw gabe twitch again . 
 miraculously , he was n't dead . 
 i remembered the way he 'd manipulated my sight with what i could only guess was a powerful form of hypnotism or a magician 's sleight of hand . 
 was he using another trick to somehow evade death ? 
 i had the eerie sensation that something bigger than i understood was going on . 
 but - what , exactly ? 
 `` tell me what you 're thinking , '' jev said quietly . 
 i hesitated , but there was n't time for it . 
 if jev knew gabe as well as i suspected , he had to know about his ... abilities . 
 `` i saw gabe do-a trick . 
 a magic trick . '' 
 when jev 's grim expression confirmed that he was n't surprised , i added , `` he made me see something that was n't real . 
 he turned himself into a bear . '' 
 `` that 's the tip of the iceberg when it comes to what he 's capable of . '' 
 i swallowed against the sticky film lining my mouth . 
 `` how did he do it ? 
 is he a magician ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` he used magic ? '' 
 i 'd never given two moments ' thought that such convincing magic might actually exist . 
 until now . 
 `` close enough . 
 listen , time 's running a little thin . '' 
 my gaze traveled to the weeds partially concealing gabe 's body . 
 magicians could create illusions , but they could not defy death . 
 there was no logical way he could have survived . 
 the sirens blared closer , and jev ushered me toward the suv . 
 `` time 's up . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 i could n't . 
 i had a moral responsibility to stay - jev said , `` if you hang around to talk to the police , you 'll be dead before the week is over . 
 and so will every cop involved . 
 gabe will stop the investigation before it starts . '' 
 i took another two seconds to think it through . 
 i did n't have to trust jev . 
 but in the end , for reasons too complicated to untangle on the spot , i did . 
 i strapped myself in beside him , my heart thundering behind my rib cage . 
 he put what i could now see was a tahoe in gear . 
 with one arm braced behind my seat , he craned his neck to see out the back window . 
 jev reversed down the all ey , backed onto the street , then gunned forward toward the intersection ahead . 
 there was a stop sign on the corner , but the tahoe was n't slowing . 
 i was just wondering if jev would at least yield for the stop sign , as i clutched the granny handle above my door with both hands and hoped he would , when a dark silhouette staggered into our lane . 
 the tire iron projecting out of gabe 's back was wrenched at a gruesome angle , and in the hazy light , it resembled a broken appendage . 
 a battered wing . 
 jev stepped on the gas and threw the suv into higher gear . 
 it pitched forward , increasing in speed . 
 gabe was too far away to read his expression , but he showed no sign of moving . 
 he crouched , tucking his legs beneath him , his hands up in front of him as though he thought he could block us . 
 i gripped the seat-belt strap . 
 `` you 're going to hit him ! '' 
 `` he 'll move . '' 
 my foot stomped an imaginary brake pedal . 
 the distance between gabe and the tahoe rapidly narrowed . 
 `` jev-stop-right-now ! '' 
 `` this wo n't kill him either . '' 
 he forced the tahoe into another burst of speed . 
 and then it all happened too quickly . 
 gabe lunged , hurtling through the air toward us . 
 he struck the windshield , the glass cracking into a gabe lunged , hurtling through the air toward us . 
 he struck the windshield , the glass cracking into a latticelike web . 
 an instant later he flew out of sight . 
 a scream filled the car , and i realized it was mine . 
 `` he 's on top of the car , '' jev said . 
 he floored it over the curb , plowing through a sidewalk bench and driving under a low-hanging tree . 
 jerking the steering wheel a hard left , he steered back onto the street . 
 `` did he fall off ? 
 where is he ? 
 is he still up there ? '' 
 i pressed my face to my window , trying to see above me . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 `` to what ? '' 
 i shouted , grasping for the granny handle again . 
 i never felt the brake . 
 but jev must have stepped on it , because the tahoe spun a full rotation before squealing to a stop . 
 my shoulder was slammed up against the door frame . 
 out of the corner of my eye i saw a dark mass fly through the air and land with catlike grace on the ground . 
 gabe stayed there a moment , crouching , his back to us . 
 jev threw the tahoe into first gear . 
 gabe looked back over his shoulder . 
 his hair clung to the sides of his face , a sheen of sweat holding it in place . 
 his eyes locked with mine . 
 his mouth tipped up diabolically . 
 he said something just as the tahoe lunged into motion , and even though i could n't decipher a single word from the movement of his lips , the message was clear . 
 this is n't over . 
 i pressed back in my seat , swallowing gulps of air as jev peeled away in a manner i was sure left tire treads tattooed on the street . 
 chapter 10 jev drove only five blocks . 
 it dawned on me a little late that i should have asked him to take me to cooper-smith 's , but he 'd opted for the obscurity of the back roads . 
 he steered the tahoe to the shoulder of a peaceful country road , lined by acres of trees and cornfields . 
 `` can you find your way home from here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you 're just going to dump me here ? '' 
 but the real question framed in my mind was this : why had jev , presumably one of them , alienated himself to save me ? 
 `` if you 're worried about gabe , trust me , he 's got more on his mind right now than tracking you down . 
 he wo n't be doing much of anything until he gets the tire iron out . 
 i 'm surprised he had the strength to chase us as far as he did . 
 even after he gets it out , he 'll have what i can only describe as a killer hangover . 
 he 's not going to be in the mood to do much other than sleep for the next several hours . 
 if you 're waiting for the perfect moment to make a break for it , you are n't going to get a better one . '' 
 when i did n't budge , he jerked his thumb back the way we 'd come . 
 `` i need to make sure dominic and jeremiah clear out . '' 
 i knew he wanted me to take a hint , but i was n't convinced . 
 `` why are you really protecting them ? '' 
 maybe jev was right , and dominic and jeremiah would fight the police . 
 maybe it would end in a bloodbath . 
 but was n't the risk better than letting them walk free ? 
 jev 's eyes were fixed on the darkness beyond the windshield . 
 `` because i 'm one of them . '' 
 i immediately shook my head . 
 `` you 're not like them . 
 they would have killed me . 
 you came back for me . 
 you stopped gabe . '' 
 instead of answering , he angled out of the tahoe and came around to my side . 
 he yanked my door open and pointed into the night . 
 `` head that way to town . 
 if your cell phone does n't work , keep walking until the trees clear . 
 sooner or later you 'll get reception . '' 
 `` i do n't have my cell . '' 
 he paused only a beat . 
 `` then when you get to whitetail lodge , ask the front desk for their phone . 
 you can call home from there . '' 
 i slid out . 
 `` thanks for saving me from gabe . 
 and thanks for the ride , '' i said civilly . 
 `` but for future reference , i do n't appreciate being lied to . 
 i know there 's a lot you are n't telling me . 
 maybe you think i do n't deserve to know . 
 maybe you think you hardly know me , and i 'm not worth the trouble . 
 but given what i just went through , i think i 've earned the right to the truth . '' 
 to my surprise , he nodded . 
 not eagerly ; a reluctant inclination of his head that said , fair enough . 
 `` i 'm protecting them because i have to . 
 if the police see them in action , it will blow our cover . 
 this town is n't ready for dominic , jeremiah , or any of us . '' 
 he watched me , his razor-sharp eyes softening to a velvety black . 
 there was something so consuming about the way his eyes took me in , i almost felt his gaze like a real touch . 
 `` and i 'm not ready to leave town yet , '' he murmured , his eyes still holding mine . 
 he stepped closer , and i felt my breath come a little faster . 
 his skin was darker than mine , more rugged . 
 he was n't beautiful enough to be handsome . 
 he was all hard , prominent angles . 
 and he was telling me that he was different . 
 not because he was unlike any other guy i 'd ever known , but because he was something else entirely . 
 i clung to the one strange new word that had stayed with me all night . 
 `` are you nephilim ? '' 
 almost as if he 'd been shocked , he jerked back . 
 the whole moment snapped apart . 
 `` go home and get on with your life , '' he said . 
 `` do that , and you 'll be safe . '' 
 with his blunt brush-off , i felt tears spring to my eyes . 
 he saw them and shook his head in apology . 
 `` look , nora , '' he tried again , resting his hands on my shoulders . 
 i stiffened in his embrace . 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 the moon broke briefly through the clouds , allowing me a glimpse of his eyes . 
 the soft velvet was gone , replaced by a hard and hooded black . 
 his were the kind of eyes that held secrets . 
 the kind that lied without flinching . 
 the kind that once you looked into them , it was hard to break away . 
 we were both damp from the exertion of our earlier escape , and what i assumed was the lingering scent of his shower gell hung between us . 
 it held the slightest trace of mint and black pepper , and the memory of it rushed through me so fast i was left dizzy . 
 i had no way to trace it , but i knew the scent . 
 even more unsettling , i knew i knew jev . 
 somehow , whether it was in a trivial way , or something much larger and therefore much more disconcerting , jev had been a part of my life . 
 there was no other way to explain the searing flashbacks that came from being near him . 
 it crossed my mind that maybe he was my kidnapper , but the idea did n't have a lot of conviction behind it . 
 i did n't believe it . 
 maybe because i did n't want to . 
 `` we knew each other , did n't we ? '' 
 i said , my extremities tingling . 
 `` tonight is n't the first time we 've met . '' 
 when jev stayed quiet , i was pretty sure i had my answer . 
 `` do you know about my amnesia ? 
 do you know i ca n't remember the last five months ? 
 is that why you thought you could get away with pretending not to know me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said wearily . 
 my heart beat faster . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to pin a target on your back . 
 if gabe thought we had a connection , he could use you to hurt me . '' 
 fine . 
 he 'd answered that question . 
 but i did n't want to talk about gabe . 
 `` how did we know each other ? 
 and after we left gabe behind , why did you still pretend not to know me ? 
 what are you keeping from me ? '' 
 i waited restlessly . 
 `` are you going to fill in the gaps ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he merely looked at me . 
 `` then you 're a selfish jerk . '' 
 the accusation flew out before i could stop it . 
 but i was n't going to take it back . 
 he may have saved my life , but if he knew something about those missing five months , and refused to tell me , anything he 'd done to redeem himself was lost in my eyes . 
 `` if i had anything good to tell you , trust me , i 'd start talking . '' 
 `` i can handle bad news , '' i said curtly . 
 he shook his head and sidestepped me , heading back to the driver 's side . 
 i grabbed his arm . 
 his eyes dropped to my hand , but he did n't pull free . 
 `` tell me what you know , '' i said . 
 `` what happened to me ? 
 who did this to me ? 
 why ca n't i remember those five months ? 
 what was so bad that i 'm choosing to forget ? '' 
 his face was a mask , all emotion compartmentalized away . 
 the only sign that he heard me was a muscle flexing in his jaw . 
 `` i 'm going to give you some advice , and for once , i want you to take it . 
 go back to your life and move on . 
 start over if you have to . 
 do whatever it takes to leave this all behind . 
 this will end badly if you keep looking back . '' 
 `` this ? 
 i do n't even know what this is ! 
 i ca n't move on . 
 i want to know what happened to me ! 
 do you know who kidnapped me ? 
 do you know where they took me and why ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` how dare you , '' i said , not bothering to swallow away the choked-up quality of my voice . 
 `` how dare you stand here and make light of what i 've been through . '' 
 `` if you find out who took you , is it going to help ? 
 will it be the closure you need to pick yourself up and start living again ? 
 no , '' he answered for me . 
 `` yes , it will . '' 
 what jev did n't understand was that anything was better than nothing . 
 half-full was better than empty . 
 ignorance was the lowest form of humiliation and suffering . 
 he let go of a troubled sigh , raking his fingers through his hair . 
 `` we knew each other , '' he relented . 
 `` we met five months ago , and i was bad news from the moment you laid eyes on me . 
 i used you and hurt you . 
 fortunately , you had the good sense to kick me out of your life before i could come back for round two . 
 the last time we spoke , you swore that if you ever saw me again , you 'd do your best to kill me . 
 maybe you meant it , maybe not . 
 either way , there was a lot of strong emotion behind it . 
 is that what you were looking for ? '' 
 he finished . 
 i blinked . 
 i could n't imagine myself making such a malicious threat . 
 the closest i 'd ever come to hating someone was marcie mill ar , and even then , i 'd never fantasized about her death . 
 i was human , but i was n't heartless . 
 `` why would i say that ? 
 what did you do that was so horrible ? '' 
 `` i tried to kill you . '' 
 i met his eyes sharply . 
 the line of his mouth , grim but steady , told me he was n't in the slightest way joking . 
 `` you wanted the truth , '' he said . 
 `` deal with it , angel . '' 
 `` deal with it ? 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 why did you want to kill me ? '' 
 `` for fun , because i was bored , does it matter ? 
 i tried to kill you . '' 
 no . 
 something was n't right . 
 `` if you wanted to kill me back then , why did you help me tonight ? '' 
 `` you 're missing the point . 
 i could have ended your life . 
 do yourself a favor and run as far and as fast from me as you can . '' 
 he turned away with a dismissive gesture , signaling for me to walk in the opposite direction . 
 this was the last we 'd see of each other . 
 `` you 're a liar . '' 
 he turned around , his black eyes snapping . 
 `` i 'm also a thief , a gambler , a cheat , and a murderer . 
 but this happens to be one of the rare times when i 'm telling the truth . 
 go home . 
 consider yourself lucky . 
 you 've got a chance to start fresh . 
 not everyone can say the same . '' 
 i 'd wanted the truth , but i was more confused than ever . 
 how had i , a straitlaced , straight-a student , ever crossed paths with him ? 
 what could we possibly have had in common ? 
 he was abominable ... and the most all uring , tortured soul i 'd ever met . 
 even now , i could feel a war brewing inside me . 
 he was nothing like me , quick and caustic and dangerous . 
 maybe even a little scary . 
 but from the moment he 'd stepped out of the tahoe tonight , my heart had n't been able to find a steady rhythm . 
 in his presence , every last nerve ending in my body felt wired with electricity . 
 `` one last thing , '' he said . 
 `` stop looking for me . '' 
 `` i 'm not looking for you . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 he touched his index finger to my forehead , my skin absurdly warming under his touch . 
 it did n't escape me that he could n't seem to stop finding reasons to touch me . 
 nor did i miss that i did n't want him to stop . 
 `` under all the layers , a part of you remembers . 
 it 's that part that came looking for me tonight . 
 it 's that part that 's going to get you killed , if you 're not careful . '' 
 we stood face-to-face , both of us breathing hard . 
 the sirens were so close now . 
 `` what am i supposed to tell the police ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 're not going to talk to the police . '' 
 `` oh , really ? 
 funny , because i plan on telling them exactly how you rammed that tire iron into gabe 's back . 
 unless you answer my questions . '' 
 he gave an ironic snort . 
 `` blackmail ? 
 you 've changed , angel . '' 
 another strategic stab to my blind side , making me feel even more unsure and self-conscious . 
 i would have squeezed my memory , trying to place him one last time , but i knew it was wrung dry . 
 since i could n't rely on my memory , i 'd just have to cast my nets elsewhere and hope for the best . 
 i said , `` if you know me as well as you claim to , you know i 'm not going to stop looking for whoever it was who kidnapped me until i either find them , or hit rock bottom . '' 
 `` and let me tell you where rock bottom will be , '' he returned with a gravelly edge . 
 `` your grave . 
 a shallow backwoods grave where no one will find you . 
 no one will come to your gravesite and mourn for you . 
 as far as humanity is concerned , you 'll vanish off the grid . 
 it will wear on your mom . 
 that constant menacing sense of the unknown . 
 it will peck away at her , driving her closer to the edge until it shoves her over . 
 and instead of being buried in some green-lawned cemetery beside you , where loved ones can visit you until the end of time , she 'll be alone . 
 and so will you . 
 for eternity . '' 
 i stood taller , determined to show him i was n't going to be scared off that easily , but i felt a queasy little flutter of premonition in my belly . 
 `` tell me , or i 'll rat you out to the cops , that 's a promise . 
 i want to know where i 've been . 
 and i want to know who took me . '' 
 he dragged a hand down his mouth , laughing to himself . 
 it was a tense , tired sound . 
 `` who kidnapped me ? '' 
 i snapped , running out of patience . 
 i was n't moving from this spot until he confessed what he knew . 
 i suddenly resented him for saving my life earlier . 
 i wanted to view him with nothing short of hot contempt and hatred . 
 i 'd point him out to the police without a moment 's hesitation if he refused to tell me what he knew . 
 he raised those impenetrable eyes to mine , his mouth crooking down on one side . 
 not a frown . 
 something infinitely more bewildering and frightening . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be in this anymore . 
 even i ca n't keep you safe . '' 
 then he walked away , having said all he was going to , but i could n't accept it . 
 this was my one chance to make sense of the part of my life that was missing . 
 i stomped after him and grabbed the back of his shirt so hard it tore . 
 i did n't care . 
 i had bigger things to worry about . 
 i said , `` what am i not supposed to be involved in anymore ? '' 
 only the words did n't come out right . 
 they were sucked away from me at the exact same time that a hook seemed to latch behind my stomach and yank me inside out . 
 i felt myself being hurled through the air , and every muscle in my body tensed , bracing for the unknown . 
 the last thing i remembered was the roar of air past my ears and the world crashing to black . 
 chapter 11 when i opened my eyes , i was n't on the street anymore . 
 the tahoe , the cornfields , the starry night - it was all gone . 
 i stood inside a concrete building that smelled of sawdust and something slightly metal ic , like rust . 
 i was shivering , but not from cold . 
 i 'd grabbed jev 's shirt . 
 i 'd heard fabric ripping . 
 i might have touched his back . 
 and now ... i was in what appeared to be a vacant warehouse . 
 ahead , i saw two figures . 
 jev and hank mill ar . 
 relieved that i was n't in this place alone , i strode toward them , hoping they could tell me where i was , and how i 'd gotten here . 
 `` jev ! '' 
 i called out . 
 neither one so much as looked in my direction , but surely they 'd heard me . 
 in this vast space , voices carried . 
 i was about to open my mouth a second time , when i came to a startled halt . 
 behind them , the evenly spaced bars of a cage peeked out from under a canvas . 
 in a great wave , it all came back to me . 
 the cage . 
 the girl with icy-black hair . 
 the high school bathroom . 
 when i 'd blacked out momentarily . 
 my palms tingled with sweat . 
 it could mean only one thing . 
 i was hallucinating . 
 again . 
 `` you brought me here to show me this ? '' 
 jev told hank with quiet disgust . 
 `` do you understand the risk i take every time we meet ? 
 do n't call me here to chat . 
 do n't call me here for a shoulder to cry on . 
 do n't ever call me here to show off your latest conquest . '' 
 `` patience , boy . 
 i showed you the archangel because i need your help . 
 obviously we both have questions . '' 
 he looked meaningfully at the cage . 
 `` well , she has answers . '' 
 `` my curiosity for that life died a long time ago . '' 
 `` whether you want it or not , this life is still yours . 
 i 've tried everything to persuade her to talk , but she 's cagey , pardon the pun . '' 
 he smiled mildly . 
 `` get her to tell me what i need to know , and i 'll turn her over to you . 
 i doubt i need to remind you the trouble the archangels have caused for you . 
 if there were a way to seek revenge ... well , surely i do n't need to say more . '' 
 `` how have you managed to keep her caged ? '' 
 jev asked coolly . 
 hank 's mouth twisted with amusement . 
 `` sawed off her wings . 
 just because i ca n't see them does n't mean i do n't have a pretty good idea where they are . 
 you put the idea in my head . 
 before you , i never would have imagined a nephil could un-wing an angel . '' 
 something dark stirred in jev 's eyes . 
 `` an ordinary saw could n't cut through her wings . '' 
 `` i did n't use an ordinary saw . '' 
 `` whatever you 're messed up in , hank , i 'd advise you to get out . 
 fast . '' 
 `` if you knew what i was messed up in , you 'd beg me to let you in on it . 
 the archangels ' empire wo n't last forever . 
 there are powers out there that surpass even theirs . 
 powers waiting to be harnessed , if you know where to look , '' he said cryptically . 
 with a disgusted gesture , jev turned to go . 
 `` our agreement , boy , '' hank called after him . 
 `` this was n't part of it . '' 
 `` perhaps we can come to a new arrangement , then . 
 rumor has it you have n't forced a nephil to swear fealty . 
 cheshvan is only weeks away ... . '' 
 he let the sentence hang . 
 jev stopped . 
 `` you 'd offer me one of your own men ? '' 
 `` for the greater good , yes . '' 
 hank spread his hands , chuckling softly . 
 `` you 'd have your pick . 
 am i making this offer too good to refuse yet ? '' 
 `` i wonder what your men would think if they knew you were selling them off to the highest bidder . '' 
 `` swallow your pride . 
 pushing my buttons wo n't settle the score . 
 let me tell you why i 've made it as far as i have in this life . 
 i do n't take things personally . 
 you should n't either . 
 do n't let this be about you and me , and past differences . 
 we both have something to gain . 
 help me , and i 'll help you . 
 it 's as simple as that . '' 
 he paused , giving jev time to think . 
 `` last time you walked away from an offer of mine , it ended disastrously , '' hank added with a certain curl of his lips . 
 `` i 'm done making deals with you , '' jev answered in measured tones . 
 `` but i 'll give you some advice . 
 let her go . 
 the archangels are going to notice she 's missing . 
 kidnapping might be your strong suit , but this time you 're pushing your luck . 
 we both know how this is going to end . 
 the archangels do n't lose . '' 
 `` ah , but they do , '' hank corrected . 
 `` they lost when your kind fell . 
 they lost again when you created the nephilim race . 
 they can lose again , and they will . 
 all the more reason you should act now . 
 we have one of their own , giving us the upper hand . 
 together , you and i can turn the tables . 
 together , boy . 
 but we must act now . '' 
 i sat against the wall and hugged my knees to my chest . 
 i let my head tip back until it rested on concrete . 
 deep breaths . 
 i 'd gotten myself out of a hallucination before , and i could do it again . 
 wiping away the sweat beading my forehead , i concentrated on what i 'd been doing before the hallucination started . 
 go back to jev-the real jev . 
 open a door in your mind . 
 walk through it . 
 `` i know about the necklace . '' 
 at hank 's words , my eyes flew open . 
 i looked between the two men standing in front of me , ultimately focusing on hank . 
 he knew about the necklace ? 
 the one marcie was looking for ? 
 was there any way the two necklaces were one and the same ? 
 no , they 're not , i reasoned . 
 nothing in this hallucination is valid . 
 you 're creating every detail of this scene with your subconscious . 
 focus instead on creating an exit . 
 jev raised his eyebrows in inquiry . 
 `` i 'd rather not reveal my source , '' hank replied dryly . 
 `` obviously all i need now is an actual necklace . 
 you 're smart enough to know this is where you come in . 
 help me find an archangel 's necklace . 
 any one will do . '' 
 `` try your source , '' jev said simply , but with a trace of derision . 
 hank 's mouth compressed into a severe line . 
 `` two nephilim . 
 your choice , of course , '' he bargained . 
 `` you could alternate between them - '' jev waved him off . 
 `` i do n't have my archangel 's necklace anymore , if that 's where you 're going . 
 the archangels confiscated it when i fell . '' 
 `` that 's not what my source tells me . '' 
 `` your source lied , '' he said blandly . 
 `` a second source confirms seeing you wearing it as recently as this past summer . '' 
 a moment ticked by before jev wagged his head at the floor . 
 he tipped his head back and laughed , almost disbelievingly . 
 `` you did n't . '' 
 his laughter died abruptly . 
 `` tell me you did n't drag your daughter into the middle of this . '' 
 `` she saw a silver chain around your neck . 
 this past june . '' 
 jev 's eyes sized up hank . 
 `` how much does she know ? '' 
 `` about me ? 
 she 's learning . 
 i do n't like it , but my back 's against the wall . 
 help me , and i wo n't use her again . '' 
 `` you 're assuming i care about your daughter . '' 
 `` you care about one of them , '' hank said with a sardonic twist of his lips . 
 `` or used to . '' 
 a muscle in jev 's jaw twitched , and hank laughed . 
 `` after all this time , you 're still stoking the fire . 
 a pity she does n't know you exist . 
 speaking of my other daughter , i also heard she was seen wearing your necklace in june . 
 she has it , does n't she , '' he stated rather than inquired . 
 jev returned hank 's even stare . 
 `` she does n't have it . '' 
 `` it would have been a genius plan , '' hank said , not sounding in the least like he believed jev . 
 `` it 's not like i can torture its whereabouts out of her-she does n't know anything . '' 
 he laughed , but the sound did n't ring true . 
 `` now that would be ironic . 
 the one piece of information i need is buried deep in a mind i effectively erased . '' 
 `` a shame . '' 
 with a flourish , hank yanked the canvas off the cage . 
 he kicked the metal box into the light , the base scraping over the floor . 
 the girl 's hair was tangled across her face , her eyes ringed in black and darting wildly around the warehouse , as though trying to memorize every detail of her prison before the canvas blinded her again . 
 `` well ? '' 
 hank asked the girl . 
 `` what do you think , my pet ? 
 do you think we can find you an archangel 's necklace in time ? '' 
 she turned toward jev , and there was no mistaking the recognition widening her eyes . 
 her hands squeezed the bars of the cage so tightly her skin turned translucent . 
 she snarled a word that sounded like `` traitor . '' 
 she glared between hank and jev , then her mouth snapped open with a piercing , howling scream . 
 the force of the scream hurled me backward . 
 my body smashed through the walls of the warehouse . 
 i flew through darkness , tumbling over and over . 
 my stomach roiled , a great wave of nausea crashing over me . 
 and then i was sprawled facedown on the shoulder of the road , my hands curling into the gravel . 
 i scrambled into a sitting position . 
 the air was thick with the smell of cornfields . 
 night insects droned all around . 
 everything was exactly as it had been . 
 i did n't know how long i 'd been out . 
 ten minutes ? 
 half an hour ? 
 my skin was covered in a sheen of sweat , and this time my shivers were from the cold . 
 `` jev ? '' 
 i called out hoarsely . 
 but he was gone . 
 chapter 12 following jev 's instructions , i walked to whitetail lodge . 
 from the reception desk , i called a taxi . 
 even if i had n't known my mom was at dinner , i might not have called her . 
 i was n't in any condition to talk . 
 my head was filled with too much noise . 
 thoughts whizzed past , but i made no effort to pin them down . 
 i felt myself shutting down , too overwhelmed to sort through everything that had happened tonight . 
 at the farmhouse , i climbed the stairs to my bedroom . 
 i stripped down . 
 i stretched a nightshirt over my head . 
 i curled into a fetal position under my blankets and fell asleep . 
 i was snapped awake by the sound of shoes moving at a brisk clip outside my door . 
 i must have been dreaming of jev , because my first foggy thought was , it 's him , and i clutched the sheet to my chin , bracing myself for his entrance . 
 my mom flung the door open so hard it slapped the wall . 
 `` she 's here ! '' 
 she called over her shoulder . 
 `` she 's in bed ! '' 
 she crossed to me , clutching a fist over her heart as though to keep it from leaping out of her chest . 
 `` nora ! 
 why did n't you tell me where you 'd gone ? 
 we 've been driving all over town looking for you ! '' 
 she was panting , her eyes wild and frantic . 
 `` i told the hostess to tell you i called vee for a ride , '' i stammered . 
 thinking back , it had been an irresponsible move . 
 but caught up in the moment , seeing how my mom glowed in hank 's company , all i could think of was how my presence was an intrusion . 
 `` i called vee ! 
 she did n't know what i was talking about . '' 
 of course she did n't . 
 i 'd never made it that far . 
 gabe had come along before i 'd had a chance . 
 `` you ca n't do that again , '' mom said . 
 `` you ca n't ever do that again ! '' 
 even though i knew it would n't help , i started crying . 
 i had n't meant to frighten her or send her chasing randomly after me . 
 it was just that when i saw her with hank ... i 'd reacted . 
 and as much as i wanted to believe gabe was out of my life for good , his implied threat that he was n't finished with me was fresh in my thoughts . 
 what had i gotten myself into ? 
 i considered how different the night would have turned out if i 'd kept quiet and left the 7-eleven when gabe had given me the chance . 
 no . 
 i 'd done the right thing . 
 if i had n't stepped in , b.j. might not have survived . 
 `` oh , nora . '' 
 i let my mom gather me against her and pressed my face into her blouse . 
 `` this was just a bad scare , that 's all , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll be more careful next time . '' 
 the boards in the hall creaked , and i looked over to see hank leaning on the door frame . 
 `` you gave us quite a fright , young lady . '' 
 his voice was light and calm , but there was something almost wolfish in his eyes that caused a chil to tiptoe up my back . 
 `` i do n't want him here , '' i whispered to my mom . 
 even though i was sure there was no validity to my most recent hallucination , it haunted me . 
 i could n't stop picturing hank tugging the canvas off the cage . 
 i could n't shut out the words he 'd said . 
 logically , i knew i was projecting my own fears and anxieties on him , but either way , i wanted him to leave . 
 `` i 'll call you later , hank , '' mom said reassuringly over the top of my head . 
 `` after i tuck nora in . 
 thank you again for dinner , and i 'm sorry about the false alarm . '' 
 he gestured it off . 
 `` do n't fret , darling . 
 you forget i have my own hormonal drama queen under my roof , though at least i can say she 's never done anything this rash . '' 
 he chuckled , as if he genuinely found any word he 'd said amusing . 
 i waited until i heard his footsteps retreat down the hall . 
 i was n't sure how much to tell my mom , especially since jev said the police could n't be counted on and i feared that everything i said now would reach detective basso 's ears , but too much had happened tonight not to tell anyone . 
 `` i met someone tonight , '' i told my mom . 
 `` after i left cooper-smith 's . 
 i did n't recognize him , but he said we knew each other . 
 i must have met him sometime in the last five months , but i ca n't remember . '' 
 her hold on me grew taut . 
 `` did he tell you his name ? '' 
 `` jev . '' 
 she 'd been holding her breath , but now a little slip of air escaped . 
 i wondered what it meant . 
 had she expected a different name ? 
 `` do you know him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 maybe she would be able to shed light on my history with jev . 
 `` no . 
 did he say how he knew you ? 
 from school , maybe ? 
 or when you worked at enzo 's ? '' 
 i 'd worked at enzo 's ? 
 this was news to me , and i was about to get clarification , when her eyes snapped back to mine . 
 `` wait . 
 what was he wearing ? '' 
 she gestured impatiently . 
 `` what did his clothes look like ? '' 
 i felt my forehead crease in confusion . 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 she stood , then paced to the door and back to the bed . 
 as if suddenly aware of how anxious she looked , she parked herself in front of my dresser and nonchalantly examined a perfume bottle . 
 `` maybe he was wearing a uniform with a logo ? 
 or maybe he was dressed entirely in one color ? 
 like ... black ? '' 
 she was clearly leading me , but why ? 
 `` he was wearing a white-and-navy baseball shirt with jeans . '' 
 worry lines formed clear parentheses around her mouth , which was tightly pursed in thought . 
 `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the worry lines spread to her eyes . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` there was a boy , '' she began . 
 i sat up a little taller . 
 `` what boy ? '' 
 i could n't help but wonder if she was talking about jev . 
 and i found myself hoping she was . 
 i wanted to know more about him . 
 i wanted to know everything about him . 
 `` he came around a few times . 
 he always dressed in black , '' she said with obvious distaste . 
 `` he was older and-please do n't take this the wrong way , but i could n't figure out what he saw in you . 
 he 'd dropped out of school , he had a gambling problem , and he worked as a busboy at the borderline . 
 i mean , for goodness ' sake ! 
 i have nothing against busboys , but it was almost laughable . 
 as if he thought you were going to stay in coldwater forever . 
 he could n't begin to relate to your dreams , let alone keep up with them . 
 i 'd be very surprised if he had the determination to go to college . '' 
 `` did i like him ? '' 
 her description did n't sound like jev , but i was n't ready to give up just yet . 
 `` hardly ! 
 you had me make excuses every time he called . 
 eventually he got the picture and left you alone . 
 the whole thing was very short-lived . 
 a couple of weeks at most . 
 i only brought him up because i always thought something about him was off . 
 and i always wondered if he might have known something about your abduction . 
 not to be dramatic , but it seemed like a dark cloud settled over your life the day you met him . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 i realized my heart was pounding in double time . 
 `` he left town . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` see ? 
 it could n't have been him . 
 i panicked , that 's all . 
 i would n't worry about him , '' she added , coming over and patting my knee . 
 `` he 's probably halfway across the country by now . '' 
 `` what was his name ? '' 
 she hesitated only a moment . 
 `` you know , i do n't remember . 
 something with a p. peter , maybe . '' 
 she laughed louder than necessary . 
 `` i guess that proves just how insignificant he was . '' 
 i smiled absently at her joke , all the while hearing jev 's voice rumble through my mind . 
 i smiled absently at her joke , all the while hearing jev 's voice rumble through my mind . 
 we knew each other . 
 we met five months ago , and i was bad news from the moment you laid eyes on me . 
 if jev and this mysterious boy from my past were one and the same , someone was n't giving me the full story . 
 maybe jev was trouble . 
 maybe it was in my best interest to sprint in the opposite direction . 
 but something told me it was n't because he was the hardened and indifferent person he was trying so hard to convince me he was . 
 right before the hallucination , i 'd heard him say , you 're not supposed to be in this anymore . 
 even i ca n't keep you safe . 
 my safety meant something to him . 
 his actions tonight proved it . 
 and actions speak louder than words , i told myself grimly . 
 which left only two questions . 
 what was n't i supposed to be involved in anymore ? 
 and given the two-jev and my mom-who was lying ? 
 if they thought i was quite content to sit with my hands in my lap , the perfect model of a sweet , uninformed little girl , they were n't as smart as they thought . 
 chapter 13 saturday morning i woke early , tugged on cotton shorts and a tank , and went running . 
 it felt strangely empowering to pound my feet against the pavement and sweat out all my immediate troubles . 
 i was doing my best not to think about last night . 
 so much for testing my courage by wandering around alone at night-as far as i was concerned , from now on , i 'd be perfectly happy to stay locked up in my house the moment the moon showed its face . 
 and if i never had to visit that particular 7-eleven again , so much the better . 
 strangely enough , it was n't gabe who was haunting my thoughts , though . 
 that job belonged to a pair of sinfully black eyes that had lost their edge when they studied me , turning as soft and sultry as silk . 
 jev had told me not to go looking for him , but i could n't stop fantasizing about all the different ways we might bump into each other again . 
 in fact , the last dream i recalled before waking up this morning was of going to ogunquit beach with vee , only to discover that jev was the on-duty lifeguard . 
 i 'd pulled out of the dream with my heart thumping , and the strangest ache shredding me up inside . 
 i could interpret the dream well enough myself : despite the infuriated , tangled way he 'd left me feeling , i wanted to see jev again . 
 the sky was overcast , keeping the air cool , and after my stopwatch beeped to signal three miles , i gave it a smug smile and challenged myself to one more , not quite ready to give up my private thoughts about jev . 
 that , and i was enjoying myself immeasurably . 
 i 'd gone to spinning classes and zumba at the gym with vee , but out in the clean air , saturated with the smells of pine and dewy tree bark , i decided that hands down , i preferred sweating outdoors . 
 after a while , i even tugged out my earbuds , allowing me to concentrate on the peaceful sounds of nature rising out of dawn . 
 at home i took a long , luxurious bath , then stood in front of my closet , biting the tip of my fingernail as i studied my wardrobe . 
 in the end , i zipped myself into skinny jeans and tugged on kneehigh boots and a turquoise silk camisole . 
 vee would remember the outfit , since she was the one who 'd persuaded me to buy it during last summer 's sidewalk sales . 
 scrutinizing myself in the mirror , i decided i passed as the same old nora grey . 
 one step in the right direction , only a thousand or so more to go . 
 i was a little worried what vee and i would talk about , especially given the glaring issue of my kidnapping , but i reassured myself that that was what made vee and me so compatible . 
 i could strategically steer our conversation by raising certain subjects , and vee could blather on forever about them . 
 i just had to make sure i got her talking about what i wanted . 
 there was only one thing missing , i concluded , as i checked over my reflection . 
 my outfit needed an accessory . 
 jewelry . 
 no , a scarf . 
 i pulled out my dresser drawer , a sick feeling sweeping through me when i saw the long black feather . 
 i 'd forgotten about it . 
 it was probably dirty . 
 i made a mental note to throw it away as soon as i got back from lunch , but there was n't much conviction behind the thought . 
 i was wary of the feather - but not enough to give it up just yet . 
 first i wanted to know what kind of animal had shed it , and i wanted an explanation for why i felt like it was my responsibility to keep it safe . 
 it was a ridiculous thought and did n't make sense , but nothing had since i 'd woken in the cemetery . 
 pushing the feather deeper to the back of the drawer , i grabbed the first scarf i saw . 
 then i jogged downstairs , pocketed a ten-dollar bill from the freshly stocked petty cash drawer , and folded myself behind the wheel of the volkswagen . 
 i had to bang my fist on the dash four times before the engine caught , but i told myself it was n't necessarily a sign of a lemon . 
 it meant this car was aged like , well , fine cheese . 
 this car had seen the world . 
 chances are , it had hauled around at least a few interesting people . 
 it was seasoned and experienced and held all the charm of 1984 . 
 best of all , i had n't paid a cent for it . 
 after pumping a few dollars ' worth of gas into the tank , i motored over to enzo 's . 
 tidying my hair in the storefront window , i let myself inside . 
 i took off my sunglasses , soaking in the impressive setting . 
 enzo 's had undergone a major makeover since i last remembered . 
 a wide set of stairs led down to the front counter and a circular dining pit . 
 two catwalks spread out from either side of the hostess station , scattered with industrial aluminum tables that were part vintage , part chic . 
 big-band-style music played through the stereo system , and for a moment , i felt like i 'd stumbled through time and landed in a speakeasy . 
 vee was kneeling on her chair for height advantage , whipping her arm over her head like a propeller . 
 `` babe ! 
 over here ! '' 
 she met me halfway down the catwalk to my right and squeezed me into a hug . 
 `` i ordered iced mochas and a plate of sprinkled doughnuts for us . 
 man , we have so much to talk about . 
 i was n't going to tell you , but the heck with surprises . 
 i lost three pounds . 
 can you tell ? '' 
 she twirled in front of me . 
 `` you look amazing , '' i told her , and i meant it . 
 after all this time , we were finally together . 
 she could have gained ten pounds , and i 'd have thought she was absolutely beautiful . 
 `` self magazine said curves are a fall trend , so i 'm feeling really confident , '' she said , plopping down into her chair . 
 we were at a table set for four , but instead of taking the chair across from vee , i slipped into one directly beside her . 
 `` so , '' she said , leaning forward conspiratorially , `` tell me about last night . 
 holy freak show . 
 i ca n't believe your mom and hanky panky . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` hanky panky ? '' 
 `` we are so calling him hanky panky . 
 it 's so accurate it hurts . '' 
 `` i think we should call him frat boy . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm talking about ! '' 
 vee said , slapping her palm down on the table . 
 `` how old do you think he is ? 
 twenty-five ? 
 maybe he 's really marcie 's older brother . 
 maybe he has an oedipus complex , and marcie 's mom is his mom and his wife ! '' 
 i was laughing so hard i accidentally snorted . 
 which only sent us into deeper hysterics . 
 `` okay , stop , '' i said , flattening my hands to my thighs and trying to muster a serious face . 
 `` this is mean . 
 what if marcie walked in and heard us ? '' 
 `` what 's she going to do ? 
 poison me with her secret stash of ex-lax ? '' 
 before i could respond , the two available chairs at our table scraped back , and owen seymour and joseph mancusi sat down . 
 i knew both boys from school . 
 owen had been in vee 's and my biology class last year . 
 he was tall and wiry , and wore studious-looking black glasses and ralph lauren polos . 
 in sixth grade he 'd beaten me out as our grade 's representative in the citywide spelling bee . 
 not that i had hard feelings . 
 i had n't had a class with joseph , or joey , in years , but we 'd known each other since elementary school , and his dad was coldwater 's only chiropractor . 
 joey bleached his hair , wore flips-flops even in the winter , and played drums in the marching band . 
 i knew for a fact that in junior high , vee had a crush on him . 
 owen pushed his glasses up his nose and smiled benignly . 
 i braced myself for a barrage of questions concerning my kidnapping , but he simply said in a slightly nervous voice , `` we saw you guys sitting over here and thought we 'd , uh , amble over . '' 
 `` gee , what a coincidence . '' 
 vee 's curt tone startled me . 
 not typical for vee , who was a self-proclaimed flirt , but maybe she was going for deadpan ? 
 `` and what do you mean ` amble over ' ? 
 who talks like that anymore ? '' 
 `` er , have any plans for the rest of the weekend ? '' 
 joey asked , folding his hands on the table , where they rested a few inches from vee 's . 
 she drew back , stiffening her spine . 
 `` plans that do n't include you . '' 
 okay , not deadpan . 
 i peeked sideways at her , trying to catch her eye long enough to nonverbally articulate , what 's wrong ? 
 but she was too busy evil-eyeing owen . 
 `` if you do n't mind , '' she said , clearly implying that it was time for them to leave . 
 owen and joey exchanged brief , perplexed looks . 
 `` remember when we had pe together in seventh grade ? '' 
 joey asked vee . 
 `` you were my badminton partner . 
 you totally rocked at badminton . 
 if memory serves , we won the class tournament . '' 
 he raised his hand to give her a high five . 
 `` not in the mood to stroll down memory lane . '' 
 joey slowly dropped his hand beneath the table . 
 `` er , right . 
 uh , you sure you do n't want us to buy you guys a lemonade or something ? '' 
 `` so you can spike it with ghb ? 
 pass . 
 besides , we 've already got drinks , something you might have noticed if you were actually looking higher than our chests . '' 
 she rattled her iced mocha in his face . 
 `` vee , '' i said under my breath . 
 first of all , neither owen nor joey had been looking anywhere remotely close to where vee insinuated , and second of all , what was the matter with her ? 
 `` um ... okay ... sorry to bother , '' owen said , rising awkwardly to his feet . 
 `` we just thought - '' `` you thought wrong , '' vee snapped . 
 `` whatever evil schemes you two have in mind ? 
 ai n't gon na happen . '' 
 `` evil what ? '' 
 owen repeated , pushing up his glasses again and blinking owlishly . 
 `` we get it , '' joey said . 
 `` we should n't have butted in . 
 private girl conversation . 
 i have sisters , '' he said knowingly . 
 `` next time we ` lll , uh , ask first ? '' 
 `` there is n't going to be a next time , '' vee said . 
 `` consider nora and me '' - she jerked her thumb between the two of us - `` closed to your business . '' 
 i cleared my throat , trying but failing to figure out how to salvage this long enough to end on a positive note . 
 clean out of ideas , i did the only thing i could . 
 with an apologetic smile , i told owen and joey , `` um , thanks , guys . 
 have a nice day . '' 
 it sounded like a question . 
 `` yeah , thanks for nothing , '' vee called after them as they backed away , their whole faces screwed up in bewilderment . 
 when they were out of hearing range , she said , `` what is up with guys today ? 
 they think they can just stroll over , flash a pretty smile , and we 'll melt in their hands ? 
 uh-uh . 
 no way . 
 not us . 
 we 're wiser than that . 
 they can take their romance scam somewhere else , thank you very much . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` wow . '' 
 `` do n't wow me . 
 i know you saw right through those guys too . '' 
 i scratched my eyebrow . 
 `` personally , i think they were just making conversation ... but what do i know , '' i quickly added when she cast a withering glare at me . 
 `` when a guy shows up out of nowhere and instantly turns on the charm , it 's a front . 
 there 's always a deeper motive . 
 this much i know . '' 
 i sucked on my straw . 
 i was n't sure what else to say . 
 i 'd never be able to look owen or joey in the eye again , but maybe vee was having a day . 
 maybe she was in a mood . 
 when i watched lifetime original movies , it took me a day or two to get over the idea that the cute boy next door is actually a serial killer . 
 maybe vee was going through a similar fade-back-to-reality phase . 
 i was about to ask her directly , when my cell phone chirped . 
 `` let me guess , '' vee said . 
 `` that would be your mom checking up on you . 
 i was surprised she let you out of the house . 
 it 's no secret she does n't like me . 
 for a while there , i think she even thought i was somehow mixed up in your disappearance . '' 
 she made a grunt of contempt . 
 `` she likes you , she just does n't understand you , '' i said , opening what appeared to be a text message from none other than marcie mill ar . 
 btw , the necklace is a man 's silver chain . 
 did u find it ? 
 `` give it a rest , '' i muttered out loud . 
 `` well ? '' 
 vee said . 
 `` what lame excuse did that woman give to drag you home ? '' 
 how did u get my number ? 
 i texted marcie . 
 our parents swap more than spit , dumb-a . 
 right back at you , i thought . 
 i shut my phone and gave my attention back to vee . 
 `` can i ask a stupid question ? '' 
 `` my favorite kind . '' 
 `` did i go to a party at marcie 's over the summer ? '' 
 i braced myself for a round of over-the-top laughter , but vee simply chewed off a bite of doughnut and said , `` yeah , i remember that . 
 you dragged me along too . 
 you still owe me for that , by the way . '' 
 not the response i 'd anticipated . 
 `` weirder question . 
 was i '' - here goes nothing - `` friends with marcie ? '' 
 now came the reaction i 'd been expecting . 
 vee nearly coughed her doughnut onto the table . 
 `` you and the ho , friends . 
 did i hear that right ? 
 i know you 've got the whole temporary memory loss thing going on , but how could you forget eleven years ' worth of little miss pain in the you know what ? '' 
 now we were getting somewhere . 
 `` what am i missing ? 
 if we were n't friends , why did she invite me to her party ? '' 
 `` she invited everybody . 
 she was fund-raising for new cheerleading costumes . 
 she wanted twenty bucks from us at the door , '' vee explained . 
 `` we almost left right then , but you just had to spy on - '' she snapped her mouth shut . 
 `` spy on who ? '' 
 i prodded . 
 `` marcie . 
 we went to spy on marcie . 
 that 's how it was . '' 
 she was nodding a little too vigorously . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` we wanted to nab her diary , '' vee said . 
 `` we were going to print all the juicy parts in the ezine . 
 pretty epic , right ? '' 
 i observed her , knowing something was wrong with this picture , but failing to figure out what . 
 `` you realize how made-up that sounds , right ? 
 we 'd never get permission to publish her diary . '' 
 `` never hurts to try . '' 
 i pointed a finger at her . 
 `` i know you 're keeping something from me . '' 
 `` who , me ? '' 
 `` spil it , vee . 
 you promised not to hold out on me again , '' i reminded her . 
 vee flapped her arms . 
 `` all right , all right . 
 we went to spy on '' - dramatic pause - `` anthony amowitz . '' 
 anthony amowitz and i had shared the same pe class last year . 
 average height , average looks . 
 the personality of a pig . 
 not to mention vee had already sworn there was nothing between them . 
 `` you lie . '' 
 `` i-had a crush on him . '' 
 she blushed furiously . 
 `` you had a crush on anthony amowitz , '' i repeated doubtfully . 
 `` a lapse in judgment . 
 can we not talk about it , please ? '' 
 after eleven years , vee could still surprise . 
 `` first , swear that you are n't holding anything back . 
 because this whole story sounds shaky . '' 
 `` girl scout 's honor , '' vee said , eyes clear , expression determined . 
 `` we went to spy on anthony , end of story . 
 just please keep the verbal abuse to a minimum . 
 i 'm humiliated enough as it is . '' 
 vee would n't lie to me again , not after we 'd just been over this , so despite a few rocky details that i chalked up to embarrassment , i was content with the knowledge i 'd been given . 
 `` okay , '' i relented , `` back to marcie , then . 
 she cornered me at coopersmith 's last night and told me her boyfriend , patch , gave me a necklace that i was supposed to pass on to her . '' 
 vee choked on her drink . 
 `` she said patch was her boyfriend ? '' 
 `` i believe the exact term she used was ` summer fling . ' 
 she said patch was friends with both of us . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 i tapped my finger impatiently on the table . 
 `` why do i feel like i 'm in the dark all over again ? '' 
 `` i do n't know any patches , '' vee said . 
 `` anyhow , is n't that a dog 's name ? 
 maybe she made him up . 
 if marcie is good at one thing , it 's messing with people 's minds . 
 best to forget all about patch and marcie . 
 boy , oh , boy , are n't these doughnuts to die for ? '' 
 she thrust one at my face . 
 i took the doughnut , set it aside . 
 `` does the name jev ring a bell ? '' 
 `` jev ? 
 just jev ? 
 is that short for something ? '' 
 by the sound of it , vee had never heard his name before . 
 `` i ran into a guy , '' i explained . 
 `` i think we knew each other , maybe from over the summer . 
 his name is jev . '' 
 `` ca n't help you , babe . '' 
 `` maybe it is short for something . 
 jevin , jevon , jevro ... '' `` no , no , and nope . '' 
 i opened my cell . 
 `` what are you doing now ? '' 
 vee asked . 
 `` sending marcie a text . '' 
 `` what are you going to ask her ? '' 
 she scooted up taller . 
 `` listen , nora - '' i shook my head , guessing vee 's thoughts . 
 `` this is n't the start of a long-term thing , trust me . 
 i believe you , not marcie . 
 this will be the last text i ever send to her . 
 i 'm going to tell her nice try on her big fat lies . '' 
 vee 's expression lost its tension . 
 she nodded sagely . 
 `` you tell her , babe . 
 tell that cheat her lies are futile with me watching your back . '' 
 i keyed in my text and hit send . 
 looked everywhere . 
 no necklace . 
 bummer . 
 less than a minute later , her response bounced back . 
 look harder . 
 `` cheery as ever , '' i muttered . 
 `` here 's what i think , '' said vee . 
 `` your mom and hanky panky might not be such a bad thing . 
 if it gives you a leg up on marcie , i 'd say promote the relationship full force . '' 
 i gave her a sly look . 
 `` of course you would . '' 
 `` hey now , none of that . 
 you know i do n't have one evil bone in my body . '' 
 `` only two hundred and six of them ? '' 
 vee grinned . 
 `` have i mentioned how good it is to have you back ? '' 
 chapter 14 after lunch , i drove home . 
 less than a minute after i 'd parked the volkswagen on the cement slab beside the driveway , my mom bounced her taurus into the drive . 
 she 'd been home when i left earlier , and i wondered if she 'd slipped out for lunch with hank . 
 i had n't stopped smiling since leaving enzo 's , but my mood cooled suddenly . 
 mom pulled into the garage and came out to meet me . 
 `` how was lunch with vee ? '' 
 `` same old , same old . 
 what about you ? 
 hot lunch date ? '' 
 i inquired innocently . 
 `` more like work . '' 
 she released a long-suffering sigh . 
 `` hugo asked me to travel to boston this week . '' 
 my mom works for hugo renaldi , owner of an auction company of the same name . 
 hugo conducts high-end estate auctions , and it 's my mom 's job to make sure the auctions run smoothly , something she ca n't do long distance . 
 she 's constantly on the road , leaving me home alone , and we both know it 's not an ideal situation . 
 she 'd considered quitting in the past , but it always came down to money . 
 hugo paid her more-quite a bit more-than she 'd make anywhere inside coldwater 's city limits . 
 if she quit , several sacrifices would have to be made , starting with selling the farmhouse . 
 since every memory i had of my dad was wrapped up in the house , you could say i was sentimental about it . 
 `` i turned him down , '' mom said . 
 `` i told him i 'm going to need to find a job that does n't require me to leave home . '' 
 `` you told him what ? '' 
 my surprise wore off quickly , and i felt alarm creep into my tone . 
 `` you 're quitting ? 
 have you found a new job ? 
 does this mean we 're going to have to move ? '' 
 i could n't believe she 'd made this decision without me . 
 in the past , we had always taken the same stance : moving was out of the question . 
 `` hugo said he 'd see what he can do about giving me a local position , but not to get my hopes up . 
 his secretary has been working for him for years and does her job well . 
 he 's not going to let her go just to keep me happy . '' 
 i stared at the farmhouse , stunned . 
 the thought of another family living inside its walls made my stomach roll . 
 what if they remodeled ? 
 what if they gutted my dad 's study and tore out the cherry floors we 'd installed together ? 
 and what about his bookshelves ? 
 they were n't perfectly straight , but they 'd been our first genuine attempt at woodworking . 
 they had character ! 
 `` i 'm not worried about selling yet , '' mom said . 
 `` something will come up . 
 who knows ? 
 maybe hugo will realize he needs two secretaries . 
 if it 's meant to be , it 'll happen . '' 
 i turned on her . 
 `` are you so casual about quitting because you 're counting on marrying hank and having him bail us out ? '' 
 the cynical observation sprang out before i could stop it , and i immediately felt a wrench of guilt . 
 this kind of rudeness was beneath me . 
 but i 'd spoken from that hollow place of fear that hid deep in my chest and overruled all . 
 mom 's entire posture went stiff . 
 then she clicked off through the garage , punching the button that automatically lowered the door behind her . 
 i stood in the driveway a moment , torn between wanting to go straight inside and apologize , and growing fear over her easy avoidance of my question . 
 so that was that . 
 she was dating hank with every intention of marrying him . 
 she was doing the very thing marcie had accused her of : thinking of the money . 
 i knew our finances were tight , but we 'd survived , had n't we ? 
 i resented my mom for stooping so low , and i resented hank for giving her a choice other than making do with me . 
 dropping back into the volkswagen , i drove across town . 
 i was going fifteen over , but for once , i did n't care . 
 i did n't have a destination in mind-i simply wanted to put distance between me and my mom . 
 first hank , and now her job . 
 why did i feel like she kept making decisions without consulting me ? 
 when the entrance to the highway appeared in the lane ahead , i hung right and followed it to the coast . 
 i took the last exit before delphic amusement park and followed signs to the public beaches . 
 this stretch of coast saw far less traffic than the southern beaches of maine . 
 the coastline was rocky , and evergreens sprang up just out of reach of high tide . 
 instead of tourists with beach towels and picnic baskets , i saw a lone hiker and a dog chasing seagulls . 
 which was exactly what i wanted . 
 i needed time alone to cool down . 
 i jerked the volkswagen curbside . 
 in the rearview mirror , a red muscle car glided in behind me . 
 i vaguely remembered seeing it on the highway , always hanging a few cars back . 
 the driver probably wanted to squeeze in one last trip to the beach before the weather changed for the worse . 
 i jumped the guardrail and climbed down the rocky embankment . 
 the air was cooler than it had been in coldwater , and a steady wind pummeled my back . 
 the sky was more gray than blue , and hazy . 
 i stayed above the reach of the waves , scaling the higher rocks . 
 the terrain grew increasingly difficult to navigate , and i kept my concentration glued on careful foot placement rather than my latest fight with my mom . 
 my boot slipped on a rock , and i went down , landing awkwardly on my side . 
 muttering under my breath , i regained my footing , and that was when a large shadow fell over me . 
 taken by surprise , i flipped around . 
 i recognized the driver from the red muscle car . 
 he was taller than average and had a year or two on me . 
 his hair was cut utilitarian short , with sandy-brown eyebrows and a touch of hair at his chin . 
 by the fit of his sweatshirt , he hit the gym regularly . 
 `` about time you left your house , '' he said , glancing around . 
 `` i 've been trying to get you alone for days . '' 
 i pushed to my feet , balancing on a rock . 
 i searched his face for familiarity , but the lights did n't come on . 
 `` i 'm sorry , do we know each other ? '' 
 `` do you think you were followed ? '' 
 his eyes continued to rove the coastline . 
 `` i tried to keep tabs on all the cars , but i might have missed one . 
 it would have helped if you 'd circled the block before parking . '' 
 `` uh , i honestly have no idea who you are . '' 
 `` that 's a strange thing to say to the guy who bought the car you drove here in . '' 
 a moment ticked by before i wrapped my head around his words . 
 `` wait . 
 you 're - scott parnell ? '' 
 even though it had been years , the similarities were there . 
 the same dimple in his cheek . 
 the same hazel eyes . 
 more recent additions included the scar across his cheekbone , the five o'clock shadow , and the juxtaposition of a full , sensuous mouth with sculpted , symmetrical features . 
 `` i heard about your amnesia . 
 rumors are true , then ? 
 looks like it 's as bad as they say . '' 
 my , my , was n't he optimistic . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and said coolly , `` while we 're on the subject , maybe now 's a good time to tell me why you ditched the volkswagen at my house the night i disappeared . 
 if you know about my amnesia , surely you 've heard i was kidnapped . '' 
 `` the car was an apology for being a jerk . '' 
 his eyes still flicked over the trees . 
 who was he so worried had followed us ? 
 `` let 's talk about that night , '' i stated . 
 out here all alone did n't seem like the best place to have this conversation , but my determination to get answers won out . 
 `` it seems we were both shot by rixon earlier that night . 
 that 's what i told the police . 
 you , me , and rixon alone in the fun house . 
 if rixon even exists . 
 i do n't know how you pulled it off , but i 'm starting to think you invented him . 
 i 'm starting to think you shot me and needed someone else to blame . 
 did you force me to give rixon 's name to the police ? 
 and next question , did you shoot me , scott ? '' 
 `` rixon 's in hell now , nora . '' 
 i flinched . 
 he 'd said it without any hesitation and with just the right amount of melancholy . 
 if he was lying , he deserved an award . 
 `` rixon 's dead ? '' 
 `` he 's burning in hell , but yeah , same basic idea . 
 dead works , as far as i 'm concerned . '' 
 i scrutinized his face , watching for the slightest false movement . 
 i was n't going to argue specifics of the afterlife with him , but i needed confirmation that rixon was gone for good . 
 `` how do you know ? 
 have you told the police ? 
 who killed him ? '' 
 `` i do n't know who we get to thank , but i know he 's gone . 
 word travels fast , trust me . '' 
 `` you 're going to have to do better than that . 
 you might have the rest of the world fooled , but i 'm not bought that easily . 
 you dumped a car in my driveway the night i was kidnapped . 
 then you ran off into hiding-new hampshire , was it ? 
 forgive me if the last word that comes to mind when i see you is ` innocent . ' 
 i think it goes without saying : i do n't trust you . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` before rixon shot us , you convinced me that i really am nephilim . 
 you 're the one who told me i ca n't die . 
 you 're part of the reason i ran away . 
 you were right . 
 i was never going to end up like the black hand . 
 no way was i going to help him recruit more nephilim to his army . '' 
 the wind pierced my clothes , breathing like frost against my skin . 
 nephilim . 
 that word again . 
 following me everywhere . 
 `` i told you that you 're nephilim ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 i closed my eyes briefly , praying he would correct himself . 
 praying that he 'd been using the words `` ca n't die '' figuratively . 
 praying this was where he explained that he was the final stop in an elaborate hoax that had started last night , with gabe . 
 a big hoax , and the joke was on me . 
 but the truth was there , stirring in that murky place where my memory had once been intact . 
 i could n't rationalize it in my head , but i could feel it . 
 inside me . 
 burning in my chest . 
 scott was n't making this up . 
 `` what i want to know is why you ca n't remember any of this , '' he said . 
 `` i thought amnesia was n't permanent . 
 what gives ? '' 
 `` i do n't know why i ca n't remember ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` okay ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i woke up a few nights ago in the cemetery with nothing . 
 i could n't even remember how i 'd gotten there . '' 
 i was n't sure why i felt the sudden urge to spil everything to scott , but there it was . 
 my nose began to run , and i could feel tears forming behind my eyes . 
 `` the police found me and took me to the hospital . 
 they said i 'd been missing for nearly three months . 
 they said i have amnesia because my mind is blocking the trauma to protect myself . 
 but you want to know what 's crazy ? 
 i 'm starting to think i 'm not blocking anything . 
 i got a note . 
 someone broke into my house and left it on my pillow . 
 it said even though i 'm home , i 'm not safe . 
 someone is behind this . 
 they know what i do n't . 
 they know what happened to me . '' 
 right then , i realized i 'd divulged too much . 
 i had no evidence the note existed . 
 worse , logic proved it did n't . 
 but if the note was a figment of my imagination , why did the thought of it refuse to fade ? 
 why could n't i accept that i 'd invented , contrived , or hallucinated it ? 
 scott studied me with a deepening frown . 
 `` they ? '' 
 i threw my hands up . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 `` did the note say anything else ? '' 
 `` i said drop it . 
 do you have a kleenex ? '' 
 i could feel the skin under my eyes growing puffy , and i was past the point where sniffling was helping to keep my nose dry . 
 as if that were n't bad enough , two tears tumbled down my cheek . 
 `` hey , '' scott said gently , grasping me by the shoulders . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 do n't cry , all right ? 
 i 'm on your side . 
 i 'll help you figure out this mess . '' 
 when i did n't resist , he pulled me against his chest and patted my back . 
 awkwardly at first , and then he settled into a soothing rhythm . 
 `` the night you went missing , i went into hiding . 
 it 's not safe for me here , but when i saw on the news you were back and could n't remember anything , i had to come out of hiding . 
 i had to find you . 
 i owe you that much . '' 
 i knew i should pull away . 
 just because i wanted to believe scott did n't mean i should trust him completely . 
 or let down my guard . 
 but i was tired of throwing up walls , and i let my defenses slip . 
 i could n't remember the last time it had felt so good just to be held . 
 in his embrace , i could almost make myself believe i was n't in this alone . 
 scott had promised we 'd get through this together , and i wanted to believe him on that count as well . 
 plus , he knew me . 
 he was a link to my past , and that meant more to me than i could put into words . 
 after so many discouraging attempts at remembering any fragment my memory saw fit to throw at me , he 'd appeared without any effort on my part . 
 it was more than i could have asked for . 
 wiping my eyes on the back of my arm , i said , `` why is n't it safe for you here ? '' 
 `` the black hand is here . '' 
 as if remembering that the name meant nothing to me , he said , `` just to make sure we 're clear , you remember nothing of this ? 
 i mean , nothing as in nothing ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 with that one word , i felt as though i were standing at the opening of a forbidding labyrinth that stretched to the horizon . 
 `` sucks to be you , '' he said , and despite his word choice , i believed he sincerely meant he was sorry . 
 `` the black hand is the nickname of a powerful nephil . 
 he 's building an underground army , and i used to be one of his soldiers , for lack of a better word . 
 now i 'm a deserter , and if he catches me , it wo n't be pretty . '' 
 `` back up . 
 what is a nephil ? '' 
 scott 's mouth quirked up on one side . 
 `` get ready to feel your mind blow , grey . 
 a nephil , '' he explained patiently , `` is an immortal . '' 
 his smile tipped even higher at my dubious expression . 
 `` i ca n't die . 
 none of us can . '' 
 `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he could n't really mean immortal as in immortal . 
 he gestured to the ocean shattering itself against the rocks far below . 
 `` if i jump , i 'll live . '' 
 okay , so maybe he 'd been stupid enough to make the jump before . 
 and survived . 
 that did n't prove anything . 
 he was n't immortal . 
 he simply believed he was because he was a typical teenage guy who 'd done a few reckless things , lived to talk about them , and now he believed he was invincible . 
 scott arched his eyebrows in mock offense . 
 `` you do n't believe me . 
 last night i spent a good two hours in the ocean , diving for fish , and i did n't freeze to death . 
 i can hold my breath down there for eight , nine minutes . 
 sometimes i pass out , but when i come around , i 've always floated to the surface , and all my vital signs are up and working . '' 
 i opened my mouth , but it took a minute for words to form . 
 `` that does n't make sense . '' 
 `` it makes sense if i 'm immortal . '' 
 before i could stop him , scott whipped out a swiss army knife and drove it into his thigh . 
 i gave a strangled scream and leaped for him , unsure if i should pull out the knife or stabilize it . 
 before i 'd made up my mind , he yanked it out himself . 
 he swore in pain , his jeans seeping blood . 
 `` scott ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` come back tomorrow , '' he said in a more subdued voice . 
 `` it will be like it never happened . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 i snapped , still worked up . 
 was he completely out of his mind ? 
 why would he do such a stupid thing ? 
 `` it 's not the first time i 've done it . 
 i 've tried to burn myself alive . 
 my skin was torched-gone . 
 a couple days later , i was as good as new . '' 
 even now i could see the blood on his jeans drying . 
 the wound had stopped bleeding . 
 he was ... healing . 
 in seconds rather than weeks . 
 i did n't want to trust my eyes , but seeing was believing . 
 all of a sudden , i remembered gabe . 
 more clearly than i wanted to , i summoned up a visual of a tire iron projecting from his back . 
 jev had sworn the injury would n't kill gabe ... just like scott swore his wound would heal without so much as a scratch . 
 `` okay , then , '' i whispered , even though i was anything but okay . 
 `` you sure you 're convinced ? 
 i could always throw myself in front of a car if you need more proof . '' 
 `` i think i believe you , '' i said , failing to keep the dazed bewilderment out of my tone . 
 i forced myself to snap out of my stupor . 
 for now , i was going to go with the flow as much as i could . 
 focus on one thing at a time , i told myself . 
 scott is immortal . 
 okay . 
 what 's next ? 
 `` do we know who the black hand is ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly hungry to get my hands on any information scott might have . 
 what else was i missing ? 
 how many more of my beliefs could he send spinning on their heads ? 
 and highest priority : could he help mend my memory ? 
 `` last we spoke , we both wanted to know . 
 i spent the summer following leads , which was n't easy , given that i 'm living on the run , clean out of cash , working solo , and the black hand is n't what you 'd call careless . 
 but i 've narrowed it down to one man . '' 
 his eyes swept to mine . 
 `` you ready for this ? 
 the black hand is hank mill ar . '' 
 `` hank is what ? '' 
 we were sitting on two tree stumps in a cave , about a quarter mile up the coast , tucked around a jutting cliff , and far out of view of the road . 
 the cave was semi-dark with a low ceiling , but it offered protection from the wind and , as scott had insisted , concealed us from any potential spies of the black hand . 
 he 'd refused to say another word until he was certain we were alone . 
 scott struck a match on the bottom of his shoe and lit a fire in a pit of rocks . 
 light glinted off the jagged walls , and i got my first good look around . 
 there was a backpack and a sleeping bag against the back wall . 
 a cracked mirror was propped against a rock that jutted out like a shelf , along with a razor , a can of shaving cream , and a stick of deodorant . 
 closer to the mouth of the cave was a large toolbox . 
 on it rested a few dishes , silverware , and a frying pan . 
 beside it lay a fishing pole and an animal trap . 
 the cave both impressed and saddened me . 
 scott was anything but helpless , clearly able to survive on his own knowledge and fortitude . 
 but what kind of life did he have , hiding and running from one place to the next ? 
 `` i 've been watching hank for months , '' scott said . 
 `` this is n't a stab in the dark . '' 
 `` are you sure hank is the black hand ? 
 no offense , but he does n't fit my picture of an underground militarist or - '' an immortal man . 
 the thought seemed unreal . 
 no , absurd . 
 `` he runs the most successful car dealership in town , he 's a member of the yacht club , and he single-handedly supports the booster club . 
 why would he care what 's going on in the world of nephilim ? 
 he already has everything he could possibly want . '' 
 `` because he 's nephilim too , '' scott explained . 
 `` and he does n't have everything he wants . 
 during the jewish month of cheshvan , all nephilim who 've sworn an oath of fealty have to give up their body for two weeks . 
 they do n't have a choice . 
 they give it up and someone else possesses it-a fall en angel . 
 rixon was the fall en angel who used to possess the black hand , and that 's how i came to hear he 's burning in hell . 
 the black hand might be free , but he has n't forgotten and he 's not about to forgive . 
 that 's what the army is for . 
 he 's going to try to overthrow the fall en angels . '' 
 `` back up . 
 who are the fall en angels ? '' 
 a gang ? 
 that 's what it sounded like . 
 i was increasingly doubtful . 
 hank mill ar was the last person in coldwater who 'd lower himself to associate with gangs . 
 `` and what do you mean ` possesses ' ? '' 
 scott 's mouth twitched with a disparaging smile , but to his credit , he answered with patience . 
 `` definition of a fall en angel : heaven 's rejects and a nephil 's worst nightmare . 
 they force us to swear fealty , and then possess our bodies during cheshvan . 
 they 're parasites . 
 they ca n't feel anything in their own bodies , so they invade ours . 
 yeah , grey , '' he said at the look of abhorrence i was sure was frozen on my face . 
 `` i mean they literally come inside us and use our bodies like their own . 
 a nephil is mentally there while they do it , but does n't have any control . '' 
 i tried to swallow scott 's explanation . 
 more than once , i imagined the theme song of the twilight zone playing in the background , but the truth of the matter was , i knew he was n't lying . 
 it was all coming back . 
 the memories were splintered and damaged , but they were there . 
 i 'd learned this all before . 
 when or how , i did n't know . 
 but i knew this-all of it . 
 i said , `` the other night i saw three guys beating up a nephil . 
 that 's what they were doing ? 
 trying to force him to give up his body for two weeks ? 
 that 's inhumane . 
 it 's - repulsive ! '' 
 scott had dropped his eyes , stirring the fire with a stick . 
 my mistake hit me too late . 
 shame swept through me and i whispered , `` oh , scott . 
 i was n't thinking . 
 i 'm so sorry you have to go through that . 
 i ca n't imagine how hard it must be to give up your body . '' 
 `` i have n't sworn fealty . 
 and i 'm not going to . '' 
 he tossed the stick on the fire , and gold sparks showered into the dark , smoky air of the cave . 
 `` if nothing else , that 's what the black hand taught me . 
 fall en angels can try any mind-trick on me they want . 
 they can chop my head off , cut out my tongue , and burn me to ash . 
 but i 'll never swear that oath . 
 i can handle pain . 
 but i ca n't handle the consequences of that oath . '' 
 `` mind-trick ? '' 
 the skin at the back of my neck tingled , and my thoughts turned once more to gabe . 
 `` a perk of being a fall en angel , '' he said bitterly . 
 `` you get to mess with people 's minds . 
 make them see things that are n't real . 
 nephilim inherited the trick from fall en angels . '' 
 it seemed i 'd been right about gabe after all . 
 but he had n't used a magician 's sleight of hand to create the illusion of turning himself into a bear , as jev had let me believe . 
 he 'd used a nephilim weapon-mind control . 
 `` show me how it 's done . 
 i want to know exactly how it works . '' 
 `` i 'm out of practice , '' was all he said , rocking back on his stump and lacing his hands behind his head . 
 `` ca n't you at least try ? '' 
 i said with a playful shot to his knee , hoping to lighten the mood . 
 `` show me what we 're up against . 
 come on . 
 surprise me . 
 make me see something i 'm not expecting . 
 then teach me how it 's done . '' 
 when scott continued to stare at the fire , the light ill uminating the hard edges of his features , the smile slipped from my face . 
 this was anything but a joke to him . 
 `` here 's the thing , '' he said . 
 `` those powers are addictive . 
 when you get a taste of them , it 's hard to stop . 
 when i ran away three months ago and realized what i was capable of , i used my powers every chance i got . 
 if i was hungry , i 'd walk into a store , throw what i wanted into a cart , and mind-trick the clerk into bagging my stuff and letting me walk out without paying . 
 it was easy . 
 it made me feel superior . 
 it was n't until i was spying on the black hand one night , and saw him do the same thing , that i quit cold turkey . 
 i 'm not going to live the rest of my life like that . 
 i 'm not going to be like him . '' 
 he pulled a ring out of his pocket , holding it up in the light . 
 it appeared to be made of iron , and the crown of the ring was stamped with a clenched fist . 
 for one fleeting moment , a strange blue halo of light seemed to radiate from the metal . 
 but it immediately vanished , and i wrote it off as a trick of the light . 
 `` all nephilim have heightened strength , making us physically more powerful than humans , but when i wear this ring , it takes that strength to a whole different level , '' scott said solemnly . 
 `` the black hand gave me the ring after he tried to recruit me to his army . 
 i do n't know what kind of curse or enchantment is on the ring , or if it 's even one of those . 
 but there 's something . 
 anyone with one of these rings is almost physically unstoppable . 
 before you disappeared in june , you stole the ring from me . 
 the pull to get it back was so intense i did n't sleep , eat , or rest until i found it . 
 i was like a junkie searching for the one thing that could give me my next high . 
 i broke into your house one night after you were kidnapped . 
 i found it in your bedroom in your violin case . '' 
 `` cell o , '' came my murmured correction . 
 faint recol ection stirred inside me , a sensation of having seen the ring before . 
 `` i 'm not the smartest guy , but i know this ring is n't harmless . 
 the black hand did something to it . 
 he wanted a way to give every member of his army an advantage . 
 even when i 'm not wearing the ring , and just relying on my natural strength and powers , the pull for more of both is strong . 
 the only way to beat it is to lay off using my powers and abilities as much as i can . '' 
 i tried to sympathize with scott , but i was a little disappointed . 
 i needed to gain a better understanding of how gabe had tricked me in case i found myself face-to-face with him again . 
 and if hank really was the black hand , the leader of an underground and nonhuman militia , i had to wonder if he was in my life for reasons darker than met the eye . 
 after all , if he was so busy battling fall en angels , how did he have time to run his dealership , be a father , and date my mom ? 
 maybe i was suspicious , but given everything scott had just told me , i was pretty sure it was warranted . 
 i needed someone on my side who could go up against hank , if it came to that . 
 right now , the only person i knew of was scott . 
 i wanted him to keep his integrity , but at the same time , he was the only person i knew of who stood a chance against hank . 
 `` maybe you could try using the ring 's powers for good , '' i suggested softly after a minute . 
 scott scrubbed a hand through his hair , obviously ready to drop the subject . 
 `` too late . 
 i 've made my decision . 
 i wo n't wear the ring . 
 it connects me to him . '' 
 `` do n't you ever worry that if you do n't wear the ring , it will give hank a dangerous advantage ? '' 
 his eyes caught mine , but he avoided answering . 
 `` you hungry ? 
 i can catch us some bass . 
 it tastes decent pan-seared over the fire . '' 
 without waiting for my response , he grabbed the fishing pole and descended the rocks leading down from the cave . 
 i followed after him , suddenly wishing i could swap my boots for tennis shoes . 
 scott navigated the rocks in strides and jumps , whereas i was forced to take one cautious step after another . 
 `` fine , i 'll put all talk of your powers on hold , '' i called after him , `` but i 'm not finished . 
 there are still way too many gaps . 
 let 's go back to the night i disappeared . 
 do you have any guesses as to who kidnapped me ? '' 
 scott took a seat on a rock , threading his line with bait . 
 by the time i caught up to him , he was almost finished . 
 `` at first i thought it had to be rixon , '' he said . 
 `` that was before i learned he 's in hell . 
 i wanted to come back and look for you , but it was n't that simple . 
 the black hand has spies everywhere . 
 and given what happened in the fun house , i figured i 'd have the cops on my tail too . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but i did n't . '' 
 he looked sideways at me . 
 `` do n't you find it a little strange ? 
 the cops had to have known i was in the fun house that night with you and rixon . 
 you would have told them . 
 you probably told them i was shot , too . 
 so why did n't they ever come looking for me ? 
 why 'd they let me off the hook ? 
 it 's almost like - '' he caught himself . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like someone came in after and cleaned up . 
 and i 'm not talking about physical evidence . 
 i 'm talking about mind-tricks . 
 erasing memories . 
 someone powerful enough to make the police look the other way . '' 
 `` a nephil , you mean . '' 
 a shrug . 
 `` it makes sense , does n't it ? 
 maybe the black hand did n't want the police looking for me . 
 maybe he wanted to find me himself and take care of me off the record . 
 if he finds me , trust me , he 's not handing me over to the police for questioning . 
 he 'll lock me in one of his prisons and make me regret the day i ran out on him . '' 
 so we were looking for someone strong enough to tamper with minds , or as scott put it , erase memories . 
 the correlation to my own lost memory did n't slip past me . 
 could a nephil have done this to me ? 
 a knot tightened in my stomach as i pondered the possibility . 
 `` how many nephilim have that kind of power ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` who knows ? 
 definitely the black hand . '' 
 `` have you ever heard of a nephil named jev ? 
 or a fall en angel , for that matter ? '' 
 i added , increasingly aware that jev was most likely one or the other . 
 not that the realization made me feel the least bit consoled . 
 `` no . 
 but that 's not saying much . 
 almost as soon as i found out about nephilim , i had to go into hiding . 
 why ? '' 
 `` the other night i met a guy named jev . 
 he knew about nephilim . 
 he stopped the three guys - '' i caught myself . 
 no need to be vague , even though it was easier on my state of mind . 
 `` he stopped the fall en angels i told you about from forcing a nephil named b.j. into swearing fealty . 
 this is going to sound crazy , but jev gave off some kind of energy . 
 i felt it like electricity . 
 it was a lot stronger than anything the others gave off . '' 
 `` probably a good indicator of his power , '' scott said . 
 `` taking on three fall en angels speaks for itself . '' 
 `` he 's that powerful , and you 've never heard of him ? '' 
 `` believe it or not , i know about as much as you when it comes to this stuff . '' 
 i remembered jev 's words to me . 
 i tried to kill you . 
 what did that mean ? 
 was he mixed up with my kidnapping after all ? 
 and was he strong enough to erase my memory ? 
 based on the intensity of the power radiating from him , he was capable of more than a few simple mind-tricks . 
 a lot more . 
 `` knowing what i do about the black hand , i 'm surprised i 'm still a free man , '' scott said . 
 `` he must hate that i 've made a fool of him . '' 
 `` about that . 
 why did you desert hank 's army ? '' 
 scott sighed , dropping his hands heavily on his knees . 
 `` this is a conversation i did n't want to have . 
 there 's no easy way to say this , so i 'm just going to put it out there . 
 the night your dad died , i was supposed to keep an eye on him . 
 he was on his way to a dangerous meeting , and the black hand wanted to make sure he was safe . 
 the black hand said if i succeeded , it proved he could count on me . 
 he wanted me in his army , but it was n't what i wanted . '' 
 a chil of premonition tingled up my spine . 
 the last thing i 'd expected was for scott to bring my dad into this . 
 `` my dad-knew hank mill ar ? '' 
 `` i blew off the black hand 's order . 
 figured i 'd give him the finger and make my point . 
 but all i really succeeded in doing was letting an innocent man die . '' 
 i blinked , scott 's words cascading over me like a bucket of ice water . 
 `` you let my dad die ? 
 you let him walk into danger and did nothing to help him ? '' 
 scott spread his hands . 
 `` i did n't know it was going to be like that . 
 i thought the black hand was crazy . 
 i had him pegged as an egotistical freak . 
 i never got the whole nephilim thing . 
 not until it was too late . '' 
 i set my eyes straight ahead , staring steadfastly at the ocean . 
 an unwanted sensation clenched my chest , squeezing relentlessly . 
 my dad . 
 all this time , scott had known the truth . 
 he had n't given it to me until i 'd dragged it out of him . 
 `` rixon pulled the trigger , '' scott said , his voice breaking quietly into my thoughts . 
 `` i let your dad walk into a trap , but it was rixon who stood at the end of it . '' 
 `` rixon , '' i repeated . 
 in bitter pieces , it was all coming back . 
 one awful glimpse at a time . 
 rixon leading me into the fun house . 
 rixon admitting matter-of-factly that he 'd killed my dad . 
 rixon leveling his gun at me . 
 i could n't remember enough to paint the full picture , but the flashes were enough . 
 i was sick to my stomach . 
 `` if rixon did n't kidnap me , who did ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` remember how i said i spent the summer following the black hand ? 
 at the beginning of august , he made a trip out to white mountain national forest . 
 he drove to a remote cabin and stayed less than twenty minutes . 
 a long drive for such a short visit , right ? 
 i did n't dare get close enough to look in the windows , but i overheard a conversation he had on his phone a couple days later , back in coldwater . 
 he told the person on the other line that the girl was still at the cabin , and he needed to know she was a clean slate . 
 those were his words . 
 he said there was no room for error . 
 i 'm starting to wonder if the girl he was referring to - '' `` was me , '' i finished for him , stunned . 
 hank mill ar , an immortal . 
 hank mill ar , the black hand . 
 hank , possibly my kidnapper . 
 `` there 's one dude who could probably get answers , '' scott said , tugging his eyebrow . 
 `` if anyone knows how to get information , it 's him . 
 tracking him down could get tricky . 
 i would n't know where to start . 
 and given the circumstances , he might not jump to help us , especially since the last time i saw him , he nearly broke my jaw for trying to kiss you . '' 
 i flinched . 
 `` kiss me ? 
 what ? 
 who is this guy ? '' 
 scott frowned . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i guess you would n't remember him , either . 
 your ex-patch . '' 
 chapter 15 back up , '' i ordered . 
 `` patch was my ex ? '' 
 this did n't match with marcie 's story . 
 or vee 's , for that matter . 
 `` the two of you broke up . 
 something to do with marcie , i think . '' 
 he flipped his palms up . 
 `` that 's all i know . 
 i moved back to town in the middle of the drama . '' 
 `` are you sure he was my boyfriend ? '' 
 `` your words , not mine . '' 
 `` what did he look like ? '' 
 `` scary . '' 
 `` where is he now ? '' 
 i asked more forcefully . 
 `` like i said , finding him wo n't be easy . '' 
 `` do you know anything about a necklace he might have given me ? '' 
 `` you ask a lot of questions . '' 
 `` marcie said patch was her boyfriend . 
 she said he gave me a necklace that belongs to her , and now she wants it back . 
 she said he made me see the good in her and brought us together . '' 
 scott stroked his chin . 
 his eyes laughed at me . 
 `` and you bought it ? '' 
 my mind reeled . 
 patch was my boyfriend ? 
 why had marcie lied ? 
 to get the necklace ? 
 what could she possibly want with it ? 
 if patch was my boyfriend , it explained the flashes of deja vu every time i heard his name , but - if he was my boyfriend , and i 'd meant something to him , where was he now ? 
 `` anything else you can give me on patch ? '' 
 `` i hardly knew the guy , and what i knew scared the crap out of me . 
 i 'll see if i can hunt him down , but i ca n't make any promises . 
 in the meantime , let 's focus on a sure thing . 
 if we can get enough dirt on hank , maybe we can figure out why he 's taken an interest in you and your mom and what he 's planning next , and come up with a way to bring him down . 
 we 've both got something to gain from this . 
 you in , grey ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm in , '' i said fiercely . 
 i stayed with scott until the sun dipped into the horizon . 
 i left my half-eaten fish dinner behind and hiked back along the shoreline . 
 scott and i said our good-byes at the guardrail . 
 he did n't want to make a habit of showing his face in public , and judging by what he 'd told me about hank and his nephilim spies , i understood his caution . 
 i promised to visit again soon , but he shot down the idea . 
 routine traffic toward the cave was too risky , he claimed . 
 instead he 'd find me . 
 on the drive home , i reflected . 
 i walked myself through everything scott had told me . 
 a strange feeling simmered inside me . 
 revenge , maybe . 
 or hatred in its purest form . 
 i did n't have enough evidence to say for sure that hank was behind my kidnapping , but i 'd given scott my word that i would do everything in my power to get to the bottom of this . 
 and by `` bottom , '' i meant if hank had anything to do with it , i would make him pay . 
 and then there was patch . 
 my supposed ex-boyfriend . 
 a guy who radiated mystery , left a strong impression on both marcie and me , and had vanished without a trace . 
 i could n't picture myself with a boyfriend , but if i had to , i envisioned a nice normal guy who turned in his math homework on time and maybe even played rec baseball . 
 a squeaky-clean description at odds with everything i knew about patch . 
 which was n't much . 
 i 'd have to find a way to change that . 
 at the farmhouse , i found a sticky note on the counter . 
 my mom was out with hank for the evening . 
 dinner , followed by the symphony orchestra in portland . 
 the thought of her alone with hank caused my insides to free-fall , but scott had been watching hank mill ar long enough to know he was dating my mom , and had given me a clear warning : i could n't , under any circumstances , let on what i knew . 
 to either of them . 
 hank believed he had us all fooled , and it was best to keep it that way . 
 i had to trust that , for now , my mom was safe . 
 i debated calling vee , making it clear i knew she 'd lied about patch , but i was feeling passive-aggressive . 
 give her a day of silent treatment , and let her stew over what she 'd done . 
 i 'd confront her once i knew she was panicked enough to start telling the truth-for real this time . 
 her betrayal hurt , and for her sake , i hoped she had a very good explanation . 
 i cracked open a cup of chocolate pudding and ate it in front of the tv , using sitcom reruns to fill up the night . 
 at last the clock slipped past eleven , and i padded upstairs to my room . 
 peeling out of my clothes , it was n't until i returned my scarf to its proper place in the drawer that i noticed the black feather again . 
 it had a silky sheen that reminded me of the color of jev 's eyes . 
 a black so endless , it absorbed every last particle of light . 
 i remembered riding beside him in the tahoe , and even though gabe was right there , i was n't scared . 
 jev made me feel safe , and i wished i had some way to bottle the feeling , pulling it out whenever i needed it . 
 most of all , i wished i 'd see jev again . 
 i 'd been dreaming of jev when my eyes snapped open . 
 the creak of wood had penetrated my sleep , jerking me awake . 
 a shadowy figure crouched in my window , blocking out the moonlight . 
 the figure jumped inside , landing in my bedroom as quietly as a cat . 
 i shot into a sitting position , and all breath left me in a whoosh . 
 `` shh , '' scott murmured , finger to his lips . 
 `` do n't wake your mom . '' 
 `` wh-what are you doing here ? '' 
 i finally managed to stammer . 
 he pulled the window shut behind him . 
 `` i told you i 'd pay a visit soon . '' 
 i flopped back on my bed , trying to recover a normal heartbeat . 
 i had n't exactly seen my life flash before my eyes , but i 'd come embarrassingly close to screaming at the top of my lungs . 
 `` you failed to mention that it would involve breaking into my bedroom . '' 
 `` is hank here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's out with my mom . 
 i fell asleep , but i have n't heard them come in yet . '' 
 `` get dressed . '' 
 i gave the clock a look . 
 then i gave him a look . 
 `` it 's almost midnight , scott . '' 
 `` very observant , grey . 
 as it turns out , we 're going someplace that will be a lot easier to break into after hours . '' 
 oh boy . 
 `` break into ? '' 
 i echoed a little testily , still not recovered from being woken so abruptly . 
 especially if scott was serious about doing something potentially ill egal . 
 my eyes were finally adjusting to the blurry darkness , and i caught him grinning . 
 `` not afraid of a little b and e , are you ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 what 's one felony ? 
 it 's not like i have high hopes of going to college or getting a job someday , '' i quipped . 
 he ignored my sarcasm . 
 `` i found one of the black hand 's warehouses . '' 
 crossing the room , he ducked his head into the hall . 
 `` you sure they 're not back yet ? '' 
 `` hank probably has a lot of warehouses . 
 he sells cars . 
 he has to store them somewhere . '' 
 i rolled over , pulled my covers up to my chin , and shut my eyes , hoping he 'd take a hint . 
 what i really wanted was to insert myself back into the dream with jev . 
 i could taste his kiss lingering on my lips . 
 i wanted to live the fantasy a little longer . 
 `` the warehouse is in the industrial district . 
 if hank is storing cars there , he 's begging to get robbed . 
 this is big-time . 
 i 'm feeling it , grey . 
 he 's keeping something a lot more valuable than cars there . 
 we need to find out what . 
 we need all the dirt on him we can get . '' 
 `` breaking and entering is ill egal . 
 if we 're going to nail hank , we have to do it legitimately . '' 
 scott came around the bed . 
 he pulled the covers down until he could see my face . 
 `` he does n't play by the rules . 
 the only way this is going to work is if we level the playing field . 
 are n't you a little bit curious about what he 's keeping in the warehouse ? '' 
 i thought about the hallucination , the warehouse and the caged angel , but i said , `` if it could get me arrested , no . '' 
 he sat back , frowning . 
 `` what happened to helping me bury the black hand ? '' 
 that was the thing . 
 a few hours alone to reason things out , and i felt my confidence slipping . 
 if hank was everything scott claimed , how could the two of us go up against him alone ? 
 we needed a better plan . 
 a smarter plan . 
 `` i want to help , and i will , but we ca n't just jump into this , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm too tired to think . 
 go back to the cave . 
 come back at a reasonable hour . 
 maybe i can talk my mom into visiting hank at his warehouse and ask her what 's inside . '' 
 `` if i bring down hank , i get my life back , '' scott said . 
 `` no more hiding . 
 no more running . 
 i 'd get to see my mom again . 
 speaking of moms , yours would be safe . 
 we both know you want this as much as i do , '' he murmured in a voice i did n't like . 
 it was a voice that hinted at knowing me more than i was comfortable with . 
 i did n't want scott to have that kind of insight into me . 
 not at midnight , anyway . 
 not when i was this close to slipping back into the dream with jev . 
 `` i 'm not going to let anything happen to you , '' he said softly , `` if that 's what 's got you worried . '' 
 `` how do i know that ? '' 
 `` you do n't . 
 this is your chance to put my intentions to the test . 
 find out what i 'm really made of . '' 
 i snagged my lower lip between my teeth , thinking . 
 i was n't the kind of girl who sneaked out at night . 
 and here i was , about to do it twice in one week . 
 i was beginning to think i was one hundred eighty degrees from the person i liked to believe i was . 
 not so good after all ? 
 the devil on my shoulder seemed to taunt . 
 the idea of going out after dark to spy on one of hank 's warehouses did n't exactly send a warm , fuzzy feeling through me , but i rationalized that i 'd be with scott the entire time . 
 and if there was one thing i wanted , it was to get hank out of my life for good . 
 maybe , if scott was right about him being nephilim , hank was capable of mind-tricking one or two cops , but if he was doing something highly ill egal , there was no way he could evade the entire police force . 
 right now , getting the police to breathe down his neck seemed like a good start to unraveling his plans , whatever they were . 
 `` is this even safe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how do we know we wo n't get caught ? '' 
 `` i 've been canvassing the building for days . 
 nobody 's there at night . 
 we 'll take a few pictures from the windows . 
 level of risk is low . 
 you in or not ? '' 
 i gave a relenting sigh . 
 `` fine ! 
 i 'll throw on some clothes . 
 turn around . 
 i 'm in my pj 's . '' 
 pj 's that consisted of nothing but a tank and boy shorts-an image i did n't want to sear into scott 's mind . 
 scott smiled . 
 `` i 'm a guy . 
 that 's like asking a kid not to glance at the candy counter . '' 
 the dimple in his cheek deepened . 
 and it was not in any way cute . 
 because i was n't going down this road with scott . 
 i made the decision instantly . 
 our relationship was complicated enough . 
 if we were going to work together , platonic was the only way to go . 
 with a wry smile , he raised his arms in defeat and gave me his back . 
 i scrambled out of bed , loped across the room , and shut myself in the closet . 
 since the doors were slatted , i left the light off just to be safe and felt my way down the rack of clothes . 
 i tugged on a pair of skinny jeans , a layering tee , and a hoodie . 
 i opted for tennis shoes , fearing we might have to run at a moment 's notice . 
 buttoning the top of my jeans , i opened the closet door . 
 `` you know what i 'm thinking right now ? '' 
 i asked scott . 
 his eyes scanned me . 
 `` that you look cute in that girl-next-door way ? '' 
 why did he have to say things like that ? 
 i felt a blush spring to my cheeks and hoped scott missed it in the dim light . 
 i said , `` that i 'd better not regret this . '' 
 chapter 16 scott 's mode of transportation was a 1971 dodge charger , not the quietest of cars for a guy who insisted we keep a low profile . 
 add on the fact that the tailpipe sounded like it had developed a crack , and i was pretty sure we could be heard rocketing around from several blocks away . 
 even though i thought we were only piling on the suspicion by thundering through town with our hoods up , scott was adamant . 
 `` the black hand has spies everywhere , '' he informed me yet again . 
 as if to punctuate his point , his eyes flicked to the rearview mirror . 
 `` if he catches us together ... '' he let the sentence dangle . 
 `` i get it , '' i said . 
 brave words , considering they sent a shudder right through me . 
 i preferred not to think about what hank would do if he suspected scott and i were spying on him . 
 `` i should n't have taken you to the cave , '' scott said . 
 `` he 'd do just about anything to find me . 
 i was n't thinking about how this would impact you . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said , but that ominous chil had n't vanished . 
 `` you were surprised to see me . 
 you were n't thinking . 
 neither was i. i 'm still not thinking , '' i added with a shaky laugh . 
 `` otherwise i would n't be snooping around one of his warehouses . 
 is the building under video surveillance ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my guess is the black hand does n't want any extra evidence proving what goes on there . 
 video can leak , '' he added meaningfully . 
 scott parked the charger by the wentworth river , under the low-hanging branches of a tree , and we swung out . 
 by the time we 'd walked a block , i could n't see the car when i glanced over my shoulder . 
 i supposed that was what scott had been going for . 
 we crept alongside the river , the moon too thin to cast our shadows . 
 we crossed front street , weaving between old brick warehouses , slender and tall , built one right after another . 
 the original architect clearly had n't wanted to waste space . 
 the buildings ' windows were greased over , barred with iron , or covered from the inside with newsprint . 
 trash and tumbleweeds crammed the foundations . 
 `` that 's the black hand 's warehouse , '' scott whispered . 
 he pointed in the direction of a four-story brick structure with a rickety fire escape and arched windows . 
 `` he 's gone inside it five times in the past week . 
 he always comes just before dawn , when the rest of town is sleeping . 
 he parks several blocks away and walks the rest of the way on foot . 
 sometimes he 'll circle a block twice just to make sure he 's not being followed . 
 you still think he 's storing cars ? '' 
 i had to admit , the chances of hank taking that kind of precaution over toyota inventory was pretty low . 
 if anything , it sounded like he was using the building as a chop shop , but i did n't really believe that , either . 
 hank was one of the wealthiest and most influential men in town . 
 he was n't desperate to make a little cash on the side . 
 no , something else was going on . 
 and by the way the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end , i predicted it was n't good . 
 `` are we going to be able to see inside ? '' 
 i asked , wondering if the windows on hank 's building were blacked out like the others . 
 we were still too far away to tell . 
 `` let 's move up another block and find out . '' 
 we hugged each building along the way so closely the bricks snagged my hoodie . 
 at the end of the block , we were close enough to hank 's building to see that while the windows on the bottom two floors were covered in newspaper , those on the top two floors had been left unobstructed . 
 `` you thinking what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 scott asked with a mischievous gleam in his eyes . 
 `` climb the fire escape and have a look inside ? '' 
 `` we could draw lots . 
 loser goes up . '' 
 `` no way . 
 this was your idea . 
 you should go up . '' 
 `` chicken . '' 
 he grinned , but sweat glistened on his forehead . 
 he pulled out a cheap disposable camera . 
 `` it 's dark , but i 'll try to get a few clean pictures . '' 
 without another word , we ran in a crouch across the street . 
 we hurried down the all ey behind hank 's building and did n't stop until we were hidden behind a dumpster splashed with graffiti . 
 i braced my hands on my knees and swallowed air . 
 i could n't tell if my shortness of breath was due to the running or anxiety . 
 now that we 'd come this far , i suddenly wished i 'd stayed behind in the charger . 
 or stayed home , period . 
 my greatest fear at this point was being discovered by hank . 
 how certain was scott that we were n't being caught on surveillance tape at this very moment ? 
 `` are you going up ? '' 
 i asked , secretly hoping he 'd developed cold feet too and would make an executive decision to retreat to the car . 
 `` or in . 
 what are the chances the black hand forgot to lock up ? '' 
 he asked , jerking his head in the direction of a row of truck bay doors . 
 i had n't noticed the bay doors until scott pointed them out . 
 they were raised off the ground and set back in an alcove . 
 perfect for loading and unloading cargo privately . 
 there were three in a row , and something clicked in my head when i saw them . 
 they looked a lot like the bay doors i 'd pictured during my hallucination in the school bathroom . 
 the warehouse also had a creepy resemblance to the other hallucination i 'd had with jev by the side of the road . 
 i found the coincidences eerie , but was n't sure how to raise the issue with scott . 
 telling him , i think i saw this place during one of my hallucinations was n't going to earn me a lot of credibility . 
 while i was still pondering the spooky connection , scott leaped up on the cement ledge and tried the first bay door . 
 `` locked . '' 
 he moved to the keypad . 
 `` what do you think the code is ? 
 hank 's birthday ? '' 
 `` too obvious . '' 
 `` his daughter 's birthday ? '' 
 `` doubtful . '' 
 hank did n't strike me as stupid . 
 `` back to plan a , then . '' 
 scott sighed . 
 he jumped , catching the bottom rung of the fire escape . 
 a layer of rust sprinkled down and the metal gave a low groan of protest , but the pull ey worked , the chain fed through it , and the ladder lowered . 
 `` catch me if i fall , '' was all he said before going up . 
 he tested the first couple of rungs , bouncing his weight against them . 
 when they did n't give , he continued up , one cautious step at a time to minimize the creaking metal . 
 i watched him all the way to the first landing . 
 figuring i should keep watch while scott climbed , i poked my head around the side of the building . 
 ahead , at the adjacent corner , a long , knifelike shadow spread across the sidewalk , and a man stepped into view . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` scott , '' i whispered up , my voice the barest sound . 
 he was too high to hear . 
 i glanced around the edge of the building a second time . 
 the man stood on the corner with his back to me . 
 between his fingers burned the orange glow of a cigarette . 
 he leaned into the street , glancing both ways down it . 
 i did n't think he was waiting for a ride , and i did n't think he 'd stepped out of work for a smoke . 
 most of the warehouses in this district had been retired years ago , and it was past midnight . 
 nobody was working at this hour . 
 if i had to bet , the man was guarding hank 's building . 
 further proof that whatever hank was hiding had value . 
 the man ground his cigarette beneath his boot , glanced at his watch , and started a bored amble toward the all ey . 
 `` scott ! '' 
 i hissed , cupping my mouth . 
 `` we have a problem . '' 
 `` scott ! '' 
 i hissed , cupping my mouth . 
 `` we have a problem . '' 
 scott was well past the second level , only a few steps away from the third-story landing . 
 the camera was in his hand , ready to take pictures the minute he had a clear shot . 
 realizing he was n't going to hear me , i grabbed a piece of gravel and threw it at him . 
 instead of hitting him , however , the rock hit the fire escape , ringing out with a clang , clang , clang as it bounced back down . 
 i covered my mouth , paralyzed by fear . 
 scott looked down and froze . 
 i jabbed my finger urgently at the side of the building . 
 then i ran to the dumpster , crouching behind it . 
 through the crack between the dumpster and the building , i watched hank 's guard jog into view . 
 he must have heard the pebble i 'd thrown , because his eyes immediately traveled up , trying to pinpoint the sound . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he yelled at scott , jumping onto the bottom rung of the fire escape and hauling himself up with a speed and agility that very few humans could match . 
 he was tall , too , one of the easiest ways scott had taught me i could spot a nephil . 
 scott clambered up the fire escape , taking the rungs two at a time . 
 in his hurry , the camera slipped from his hand , sailing down to the all ey , where it shattered . 
 he gave it one brief glance of disbelief before resuming his rushed ascent . 
 at the fourth-story landing , he hauled himself up the ladder that hooked onto the rooftop and disappeared above . 
 i ran down my options in a hurry . 
 the nephil guard was only a flight behind scott , moments away from cornering him on the roof . 
 would he rough up scott ? 
 haul him back down for questioning ? 
 my stomach lurched . 
 would he call hank here , to deal with scott directly ? 
 i hustled out to the front of the building and craned my neck , trying to locate scott . 
 as i did , a shadow streaked overhead . 
 not along the edge of the rooftop , but in the air between this building and the one across the street . 
 i blinked , clearing my vision just in time to see a second comet race across the sky , arms and legs pinwheeling athletically . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 scott and the nephil were jumping buildings . 
 i did n't know how they were doing it , and there was n't time to dwel on the impossibility of what i was seeing . 
 i sprinted toward the charger , trying to anticipate scott 's mind . 
 if we could both beat the nephil to the car , we stood a chance of getting away . 
 pumping my arms harder , i followed the sound of their shoes ringing and scuffing far overhead . 
 halfway to the car , scott veered suddenly to the right , and the nephil followed . 
 i heard the last of their impossibly fast footsteps sprint into the darkness . 
 as they did , a metal ic chime rang out on the sidewalk just ahead . 
 i scooped up the car key . 
 i knew what scott was doing : diverting the nephil long enough to give me a chance to get to the car before they did . 
 they were faster-much faster - and without an extra few minutes , i 'd never make it . 
 still , scott could n't take the nephil on a wild-goose chase forever . 
 i had to hurry . 
 at front street , i put on one final burst of speed and sprinted the last block to the charger . 
 i was light-headed , blackness crowding my vision . 
 clutching my side , i leaned against the car , catching my breath . 
 i scanned the rooftops intently , hunting for any sign of scott or the nephil . 
 a figure streaked off the side of the building straight ahead , legs and arms revolving through air as he dead-dropped . 
 at the bottom of four stories , scott hit the ground , stumbled , and rolled . 
 the nephil was right on his tail , but nailed the landing . 
 he yanked scott off the ground and delivered a fierce blow to the side of his head . 
 scott staggered , but remained conscious . 
 i was n't sure he 'd be able to manage as much with a second well-aimed punch . 
 with no time to think , i threw myself into the charger . 
 i shoved scott 's key into the ignition . 
 flipping on the headlights , i floored it straight for scott and the nephil . 
 my hands gripped the steering wheel , bloodless . 
 please let this work . 
 both scott and the nephil spun to face me , their complexions washed out in the headlights . 
 scott shouted at me , but i could n't make out the words . 
 the nephil shouted too . 
 at the last moment , he released scott and dodged away from the car 's bumper . 
 scott was n't as lucky ; he flew up and over the hood . 
 i did n't have time to wonder if he 'd been injured before he hurled himself into the seat beside me . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i stomped the gas . 
 `` what was that back there ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` you were jumping buildings like they were hurdles ! '' 
 `` i told you i 'm stronger than your average guy . '' 
 `` yeah , well , you did n't mention flying ! 
 and you told me you did n't like using those strengths ! '' 
 `` maybe you changed my outlook . '' 
 a cocky smile . 
 `` so you were impressed ? '' 
 `` that nephil back there nearly captured you and that 's all you care about ? '' 
 `` thought so . '' 
 he sounded self-satisfied , clenching and unclenching his hand , where the black hand 's ring fit snugly around his middle finger . 
 i did n't think now was the time to press for an explanation . 
 especially given the relief i felt over his decision to start wearing it again . 
 with it , scott stood a chance against hank . 
 and i did as well , by association . 
 `` thought what ? '' 
 i said , frazzled . 
 `` you 're blushing . '' 
 `` i 'm sweating . '' 
 when i realized what he was getting at , i rushed on , `` i am not impressed ! 
 what you did back there-what could have happened - '' i shoved some stray hairs off my face and collected myself . 
 `` i think you 're reckless and careless , and you 've got some nerve making this all sound like a big joke ! '' 
 his smile turned into a full-on grin . 
 `` no further questions . 
 i have my answer . '' 
 chapter 17 scott drove me home and was far more liberal with the speed limit than i 'd ever been . 
 he parked a distance from the farmhouse , at my insistence . 
 the entire ride home , i 'd juggled two kinds of fear . 
 first , that the nephil guard had somehow followed us , despite scott 's careful measures , and second , that my mom would beat us home . 
 chances were , she would have speed-dialed my cell the moment she found my bed empty , but then again , maybe her seething rage at my second count of reckless disobedience in less than a week had rendered her speechless . 
 `` well , that was exciting , '' i told scott , my voice pale . 
 he thumped his hand on the steering wheel . 
 `` thirty more seconds . 
 that 's all i needed . 
 if i had n't dropped the camera , we 'd have pictures of the warehouse . '' 
 he wagged his head in disbelief . 
 i was about to tell him that if he had thoughts of going back , he should find another sidekick , when he said soberly , `` if the guard got a good look at me , he 's going to tell hank . 
 even if he did n't see my face , he could have seen my brand . 
 hank will know it was me . 
 he 'll send a team out to search the area . '' 
 his eyes flicked to mine . 
 `` i 've heard rumors of nephilim being locked away in reinforced prisons for life . 
 underground chambers in the woods , or beneath buildings . 
 you ca n't kill a nephil , but you can torture him . 
 i 'm going to have to lie low for a while . '' 
 `` what brand ? '' 
 scott stretched the collar of his shirt down , revealing a small circle of skin that had been seared with the mark of a clenched fist identical to the one on his ring . 
 the flesh had healed , but i could only imagine how raw and painful it had once been . 
 `` the black hand 's mark . 
 it 's how he forced me into his army . 
 on the bright side , he was n't smart enough to embed a tracking device . '' 
 i was n't in the mood to joke , and did n't return his half smile . 
 `` do you think the guard saw your brand ? '' 
 `` ca n't say . '' 
 `` do you think he saw me ? '' 
 scott shook his head . 
 `` we could n't see anything through the headlights . 
 i only knew it was you because i recognized the charger . '' 
 this should have made me breathe easier , but i was wound so tight , a sigh of relief was out of the question . 
 `` hank could drop your mom off at any minute . '' 
 scott jerked his thumb at the road . 
 `` i 've got to roll . 
 i 'm going to keep my head down for a few weeks . 
 hopefully the guard did n't see my mark . 
 hopefully he thinks i 'm a common thug . '' 
 `` either way , he knows you 're nephilim . 
 last i checked , humans do n't jump buildings . 
 when hank finds out , i do n't think he 's going to brush this off as a coincidence . '' 
 `` all the more reason to back off . 
 if i disappear off the grid , hank might think i got scared and left town . 
 when this blows over , i 'll find you . 
 we 'll draft a different plan and take him down from a new angle . '' 
 i felt my patience shredding . 
 `` what about me ? 
 you 're the one who put this whole idea into my head . 
 you ca n't bail now . 
 he 's dating my mom . 
 i do n't get the luxury of lying low . 
 if he was involved in my kidnapping , i want him to pay . 
 if he 's planning even worse things , i want him stopped . 
 not in a few weeks or months but now . '' 
 `` and who is going to get rid of him ? '' 
 his voice was gentle , but there was an underlying firmness . 
 `` the police ? 
 he 's got half of them on his payroll . 
 and the other half he could mind-trick into submission . 
 listen to me , nora . 
 our plan is to ride this out . 
 we have to let the dust settle and make the black hand think he 's in charge again . 
 then we 'll regroup and try a different attack when he 's least expecting it . '' 
 `` he is in charge . 
 it 's not a coincidence he 's suddenly dating my mom . 
 she is n't his top priority - building his nephilim army is . 
 cheshvan starts next month , in october . 
 so why her , why now ? 
 how does she fit into his plans ? 
 i have to figure this out before it 's too late ! '' 
 scott tugged on his ear irritably . 
 `` i should n't have told you anything . 
 you 're going to crumble . 
 the black hand is going to call you out from a mile away . 
 you 're going to talk . 
 you 're going to tell him about me and the cave . '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , '' i snapped . 
 i pushed out of the charger and gave him one parting shot before slamming the door . 
 `` lie low , fine . 
 but you 're not the one whose mom is falling more in love with that monster by the day . 
 i 'm going to out him with or without you . '' 
 of course , i had no idea how . 
 hank had embedded himself so deeply in this town , he was at its very core . 
 he had friends , all ies , and employees . 
 he had money , resources , and his own private army . 
 most worrisome of all , he had my mom clenched in his fist . 
 two days passed with little excitement . 
 true to his word , scott vanished . 
 in hindsight , i regretted blowing up at him . 
 he was doing what he had to , and i could n't blame him for that . 
 i 'd accused him of bailing , but that was n't the case at all . 
 he knew when to push and when to pull back . 
 he was smarter than i 'd given him credit for . 
 and patient . 
 and then there was me . 
 i did n't like hank mill ar , trusted him even less , and the sooner i figured out his endgame , the better . 
 cheshvan hung like a black cloud at the back of my thoughts , a constant reminder that hank was planning something . 
 i did n't have hard proof that my mom was part of that plan , but there were red flags . 
 given everything hank was trying to accomplish before cheshvan , including building and training an entire nephilim army to win back possession of their bodies from fall en angels , why was he devoting so much time to my mom ? 
 why did he need her trust ? 
 why did he need her , period ? 
 it was n't until i was sitting in ap history , listening halfheartedly to my teacher describe the events leading up to the english protestant reformation , that a lightbulb blazed on . 
 hank knew scott . 
 why had n't i thought of it before ? 
 if hank suspected that scott was the nephil responsible for snooping around his building two nights ago , he knew scott would n't risk a second pass so soon after getting caught . 
 in fact , hank probably assumed scott had scrambled straight into hiding , which he had . 
 never in a million years would hank expect another trespasser as early as tonight . 
 never in a million years ... evening came and went . 
 at ten mom kissed me good night and retreated to her bedroom . 
 an hour later her light clicked off . 
 i waited an extra minute or two to be sure , then flung off my covers . 
 fully dressed , i grabbed a duffel packed with a flashlight , a camera , and my car keys from under my bed . 
 as i pushed the volkswagen soundlessly down hawthorne lane , i inwardly thanked scott for buying me a light vehicle . 
 i never could have done this with a truck . 
 it was n't until i was a good quarter mile from the farmhouse , and far out of my mom 's hearing range , that i started the engine . 
 twenty minutes later i parked the volkswagen a few blocks from where scott had left the charger two nights ago . 
 the scenery had n't changed . 
 same boarded-up buildings . 
 same streetlights in disrepair . 
 in the distance , a train blew a forlorn whistle . 
 since hank 's building was guarded , i discarded the idea of going anywhere near it . 
 i was going to have to find another way to look inside . 
 an idea struck me . 
 if there was one thing i could use to my advantage , it was the construction-the buildings were built one right next to the other . 
 i could probably see inside hank 's building from the one directly behind it . 
 sticking to the route scott and i had taken , i jogged closer to hank 's building . 
 crouching in the shadows , i settled in for my first stab at surveillance . 
 i noticed that the fire escape had been promptly removed . 
 hank was being careful , then . 
 there was fresh newsprint covering the third-floor windows , but whoever had started the job had n't made it to the fourth floor yet . 
 every ten minutes , like clockwork , a guard exited the building and walked the perimeter . 
 convinced i had enough information to go on , i circled the block , coming out near the building that backed to hank 's . 
 as soon as the guard finished his walk-around and retreated inside hank 's building , i sprinted into the open . 
 only this time , instead of hiding in the all ey behind hank 's building , i hid one all ey down . 
 standing on top of an overturned trash can , i tugged the fire escape down to ground level . 
 i was afraid of heights , but i was n't about to let that fear get in the way of finding out what hank was hiding . 
 taking some shallow breaths , i climbed to the first landing . 
 i told myself not to look down , but the temptation was too strong . 
 my eyes swept the all ey below , seeing it through the iron latticework of the fire escape . 
 my stomach cramped and my vision blurred . 
 i climbed to the second level . 
 up to the third . 
 a little nauseated , i tried the windows . 
 the first few were locked , but finally i jimmied one loose , and it opened with a gritty whine . 
 camera in hand , i stuffed myself through the window . 
 i 'd just come to a full stand inside when i was blinded by lights . 
 i threw my arm over my eyes . 
 all around , i heard the sounds of stirring bodies . 
 when i opened my eyes again , i gazed at row upon row of cots . 
 one sleeping body in each cot . 
 all male , all exceptionally tall . 
 nephilim . 
 before i could form a follow-up thought , an arm hooked my waist from behind . 
 `` move ! '' 
 a low voice ordered , hauling me back toward the window i 'd come through . 
 snapping out of my daze , i felt the pair of strong arms drag me back through the window and onto the fire escape . 
 jev gave me a hasty look-over , his eyes brimming with aggravation . 
 wordlessly , he pushed me toward the rungs . 
 as we clambered down the fire escape , shouts echoed from the front of the building . 
 any minute now , we were going to find ourselves trapped from above and below . 
 making an impatient sound , jev scooped me into his arms , holding me flush against him . 
 `` whatever you do , do n't let go . '' 
 i 'd barely fastened my grip when we were flying . 
 straight down . 
 without bothering to use the fire escape , jev had jumped over the railing . 
 air ripped past us as gravity pulled us toward the all ey below . 
 it was over before i could scream , my body jolting with the impact of landing , and just like that i was back on my own two feet . 
 jev grabbed my hand and yanked me toward the street . 
 `` i 'm parked three blocks away . '' 
 we rounded the corner , ran a block , cut up an all ey . 
 ahead , parked at the curb , i saw the white tahoe . 
 jev key-fobbed the doors open , and we flung ourselves inside . 
 jev drove fast and hard , screeching around corners and flooring it down the straightaways , until he 'd put miles between us and the nephilim . 
 at last he bounced the tahoe into a little two-pump gas station halfway between coldwater and portland . 
 a closed sign hung in the window , with only a few dim lights burning inside . 
 jev cut the engine . 
 `` what were you doing back there ? '' 
 his volume was low , his tone furious . 
 `` climbing the fire escape , what did it look like ? '' 
 i shot back . 
 my pants were torn , my knees were scuffed , my hands were scraped , and getting angry was the only thing stopping me from bursting into tears . 
 `` well , congratulations , you climbed it . 
 and nearly got yourself killed . 
 do n't tell me you were there by coincidence . 
 nobody hangs out in that neighborhood after dark . 
 and that was a nephilim safe house you barged into , so again , i 'm not buying that it was by accident . 
 who told you to go there ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` a nephilim safe house ? '' 
 `` you 're going to play dumb ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 `` i thought the building was vacant . 
 i thought the building next to it was the nephilim warehouse . '' 
 `` both are owned by a nephil-a very powerful nephil . 
 one is a decoy and the other sleeps about four hundred nephilim on any given night . 
 guess which one you walked into ? '' 
 a decoy . 
 how smart of hank . 
 too bad i had n't thought of it twenty minutes ago . 
 he 'd have the entire operation relocated by tomorrow morning , and i 'd lose my only lead . 
 at least now i knew what he was hiding . 
 the warehouse was the sleeping quarters for at least a portion of his nephilim army . 
 `` i thought i told you to stop looking for trouble . 
 i thought i told you to try normal for a while , '' jev said . 
 `` normal did n't last very long . 
 right after i last saw you , i bumped into an old friend . 
 an old nephil friend . '' 
 i 'd let the words fly out without thinking , but i did n't see the harm in telling jev about scott . 
 after all , jev had taken my side when i 'd argued with gabe to release b.j. , so he could n't hate nephilim the way gabe clearly did . 
 jev 's eyes hardened . 
 `` what nephil friend ? '' 
 `` i do n't have to answer that . '' 
 `` forget it . 
 i already know . 
 the only nephil you 'd be gull ible enough to call a friend is scott parnell . '' 
 i was n't fast enough to hide my surprise . 
 `` you know scott ? '' 
 jev did n't answer . 
 but i could tell by the quiet , killer look in his eyes that he did n't think highly of scott . 
 `` where 's he staying ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i thought of the cave , and how i 'd promised scott i would n't tell anyone . 
 `` he-didn ' t tell me . 
 i bumped into him when i was out running . 
 it was a brief conversation . 
 we did n't even have time to exchange phone numbers . '' 
 `` where were you running ? '' 
 `` downtown , '' i lied easily . 
 `` he stepped out of a restaurant as i was passing and recognized me , and we talked for a minute . '' 
 `` you 're lying . 
 scott would n't be out in the open like that , not when the black hand has a price on his head . 
 i 'm betting you saw him somewhere more remote . 
 the woods by your house ? '' 
 he guessed . 
 `` how do you know where i live ? '' 
 i asked nervously . 
 `` you 've got an untrustworthy nephil shadowing you . 
 if you 're going to worry about something , worry about that . '' 
 `` untrustworthy ? 
 he filled me in on nephilim and fall en angels , which is more than i can say about you ! '' 
 i gathered my cool . 
 i did n't want to talk about scott . 
 i wanted to talk about us and force jev to open up on our past connection . 
 i 'd been fantasizing about seeing him for days , and now that i had what i wanted , i was n't about to let him slip away again . 
 i needed to know who he 'd been to me . 
 `` and what did he tell you ? 
 that he 's the victim ? 
 that fall en angels are the bad guys ? 
 he can blame fall en angels for the existence of his race , but he is n't a victim and he is n't harmless . 
 if he 's hanging around , it 's because he needs something from you . 
 everything else is a pretense . '' 
 `` funny you should say that , since he has n't asked me for a single favor . 
 so far , it 's been all about me . 
 he 's trying to help me get my memory back . 
 do n't look so surprised . 
 just because you 're a closed-off jerk does n't mean the rest of the world is too . 
 after shedding light on nephilim and fall en angels , he told me hank mill ar is building an underground nephilim army . 
 maybe that name means nothing to you , but it means a lot to me , since hank is dating my mom . '' 
 the scowl faded from his face . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 he asked in a genuinely menacing voice . 
 `` i called you a closed-off jerk , and i meant every word . '' 
 he narrowed his gaze beyond the window , clearly thinking , and i got the distinct impression he 'd found something i 'd said important . 
 a muscle in his jaw clenched , a dark and frightening look bringing a cold edge to his eyes . 
 even from where i sat , i sensed the tightening of his body , a current of underlying emotion-none of it good-flexing under his skin . 
 `` how many people have you told about me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what makes you think i 've told anyone about you ? '' 
 his eyes pinned me in place . 
 `` does your mom know ? '' 
 i debated another snide comment , but was too exhausted to put in the effort . 
 `` i might have mentioned your name , but she did n't recognize it . 
 so we 're back at square one . 
 how do i know you , jev ? '' 
 `` if i asked you do to something for me , i do n't suppose you 'd listen ? '' 
 when he had my attention , he continued , `` i 'm going to take you home . 
 try to forget tonight happened . 
 try to act normal , especially around hank . 
 do n't mention my name . '' 
 by way of an answer , i shot him a black look and swung out of the tahoe . 
 he followed suit , coming around to my side . 
 `` what kind of answer is that ? '' 
 he asked , but his voice was n't nearly so gruff . 
 i stalked away from the tahoe , in case he thought he could use force to stuff me back into the car . 
 `` i 'm not going home . 
 not yet . 
 ever since the night you saved me from gabe , i 've been thinking of all the ways i could run into you again . 
 i 've spent way too much time speculating how you knew me before , how you knew me at all . 
 i might not remember you or anything else from the past five months , but i can still feel , jev . 
 and when i first saw you the other night , i felt something that i 've never felt before . 
 i could n't look at you and breathe at the same time . 
 what does that mean ? 
 why do n't you want me to remember you ? 
 who were you to me ? '' 
 at that , i stopped walking and turned back to face him . 
 his eyes were dilated to full black , and i suspected all kinds of emotion hid there . 
 regret , torment , wariness . 
 `` the other night , why did you call me angel ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if i were thinking straight , i 'd take you home right now , '' he said quietly . 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but i 'm tempted to do something i 'll probably regret . '' 
 `` tell me the truth ? '' 
 i hoped . 
 those black eyes flicked over me . 
 `` first i need to get you off the streets . 
 hank 's men ca n't be far behind . '' 
 chapter 18 as if on cue , the screech of tires rang out behind us . 
 hank would be proud ; his men did n't give up easily . 
 jev yanked me behind a crumbling brick wall . 
 `` we ca n't outrun them to the tahoe , and even if we could , i 'm not dragging you into a car chase with nephilim . 
 they 'll walk away from a rolled or totaled car , but you might not . 
 better to take our chances on foot and circle back to the car after they 've given up . 
 there 's a nightclub a block from here . 
 not the cleanest place , but we can hide there . '' 
 he took my elbow , propelling me forward . 
 `` if hank 's men check the club , and they 'd be stupid not to since they 'll see the tahoe and know we 're on foot , they 'll recognize me . 
 the lights in the warehouse were on for a full five seconds before you dragged me out . 
 someone in that room had to have gotten a good look at me . 
 i can try to hide in the bathroom , but if they start asking around , i wo n't stay hidden long . '' 
 `` the warehouse you broke into is for new recruits . 
 sixteen or seventeen in human years and newly sworn , making them less than one in nephilim years . 
 i 'm stronger than they are , and i 've had a lot more practice when it comes to toying with minds . 
 i 'm going to put a trance on you . 
 if they look at us , they 're going to see a guy in black leather chaps with a spiked choker , and a platinum blond girl in a corset and combat boots . '' 
 suddenly i felt a little light in the head . 
 a trance . 
 was that how the mind-tricks worked ? 
 by enchantment ? 
 jev tipped my chin up , searching my eyes . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 whether or not i trusted him did n't matter . 
 the hard truth was , i had to . 
 the alternative was facing down hank 's men alone , and i could guess how that would end . 
 i nodded . 
 `` good . 
 keep walking . '' 
 i followed jev into a retired factory that now served as bloody mary 's nightclub , and he handled the cover charge . 
 it took my eyes a moment to adjust to the strobe light pulsing my vision between black and white . 
 the interior walls had been knocked down , allowing for open space that at the moment was crammed with gyrating bodies . 
 ventilation was poor , and i was immediately hit by a wave of body odor mingled with perfume , cigarette smoke , and vomit . 
 the clientele was a good fifteen years older than me , and i was the only person dressed in cords and sporting a ponytail , but jev 's mind-tricks must have been working , because amid the sea of chains , leather , spikes , and fishnets , no one batted an eye in my direction . 
 we fought our way to the center of the crowd , where we could hide and still keep watch on the doors . 
 `` plan a is to stay here and wait them out , '' jev yelled at me over the throb of music . 
 `` eventually they 'll have to give up and go back to the warehouse . '' 
 `` and plan b ? '' 
 `` if they follow us in here , we 'll leave through the back exit . '' 
 `` how do you know there 's a back exit ? '' 
 `` i 've been here before . 
 not my top choice , but it 's a favorite when it comes to my kind . '' 
 i did n't want to think about what his kind was . 
 right now , i did n't want to think about anything but making it home alive . 
 i glanced around . 
 `` i thought you said you could mind-trick everyone . 
 so why do i get the feeling people are staring ? '' 
 `` we 're the only two people in the room not dancing . '' 
 dancing . 
 men and women who bore an impressive resemblance to kiss band members were head-banging , shoving , and licking each other . 
 a guy with chain suspenders holding up his jeans climbed a ladder affixed to the wall and hurled himself into the crowd . 
 to each his own , i thought . 
 `` may i have this dance ? '' 
 jev asked with a sympathetic tug of his mouth . 
 `` should n't we be finding a way out of here ? 
 devising a couple more backup plans ? '' 
 he clasped my right hand , drawing me against him in a slow dance that was at odds with the racing music . 
 as if reading my mind , he said , `` they 'll stop staring soon . 
 they 're too busy competing for most extreme dance move of the night . 
 try to relax . 
 sometimes the best offense is a good defense . '' 
 my heart rate picked up then , and not because i knew hank 's men had to be close by . 
 dancing this way with jev tore down any chance i had at holding my feelings in check . 
 his arms were strong , his body warm . 
 he was n't wearing cologne , but there was an intriguing hint of fresh-cut grass and rainwater when he pulled me close . 
 and those eyes . 
 deep , mysterious , unfathomable . 
 despite everything , i wanted to lean into him and ... just let go . 
 `` better , '' he murmured into my ear . 
 before i could respond , he spun me out . 
 i 'd never danced like this before , and jev 's skil at it surprised me . 
 street dancing i might have guessed , but not this . 
 the way he danced reminded me of another time and place . 
 he was confident and elegant ... smooth and sexy . 
 `` do you think they 're going to buy that a guy in tacky leather chaps dances like this ? '' 
 i scoffed when he twirled me back into his embrace . 
 `` keep it up , and i 'll put you in the chaps . '' 
 he did n't smile , but i sensed an undercurrent of amusement . 
 glad one of us found something about the situation remotely funny . 
 `` how do the trances work ? 
 like a glamour ? '' 
 `` it 's more complicated than that , but same end result . '' 
 `` could you teach me ? '' 
 `` if i taught you everything i know , we 'd need a considerable amount of time alone together . '' 
 unsure if he was suggesting anything , i said , `` i 'm sure we could keep it ... professional . '' 
 `` speak for yourself , '' he said in that same steady tone that made it hard to guess his intentions . 
 his hand was on my back , holding me against him , and i realized i was more nervous than i 'd originally thought . 
 i found myself wondering if the connection between us had been this electric before . 
 had being near him always felt like playing with fire ? 
 warm and bright , intense and dangerous ? 
 to keep our conversation from treading further into uncomfortable territory , i laid my head against his chest , even though i knew it was n't safe . 
 nothing about him felt safe . 
 my entire body hummed under his touch , a completely foreign and riveting sensation . 
 the sensible part of me wanted to dissect my emotions , overthinking and overcomplicating my reaction to jev . 
 but a more physical and immediate part was tired of allowing logic to chase me in circles , constantly wondering about that gap in time , and just like that , i shut off the switch to my brain . 
 piece by piece , i let jev break down my defenses . 
 i swayed and dipped against him , letting him set the rhythm . 
 i was overly warm , my head clogged with smoke , and the moment began to feel unreal , only making it easier to believe that later , if guilt or regret haunted me , i could pretend it never happened . 
 while i was here , trapped in the club , trapped in jev 's eyes , he made it too easy to succumb . 
 his mouth grazed my ear . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 i closed my eyes briefly , drowning in sensation . 
 how warm i feel . 
 how incredibly alive and vibrant and heedless every last inch of me feels next to you . 
 his mouth twisted into a perceptive , sexy smile . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 i looked away , flustered , automatically using irritation to cover my discomfort up . 
 `` what does ` hmm ' have to do with anything ? 
 could you ever use more than five words ? 
 all this grunting and minced words make you come across-primal . '' 
 his smile tipped higher . 
 `` primal . '' 
 `` you 're impossible . '' 
 `` me jev , you nora . '' 
 `` stop it . '' 
 but i nearly smiled in spite of myself . 
 `` since we 're keeping it primal , you smell good , '' he observed . 
 he moved closer , making me acutely aware of his size , the rise and fall of his chest , the warm burn of his skin on mine . 
 electricity tingled along my scalp , and i shuddered with pleasure . 
 `` it 's called a shower ... , '' i began automatically , then trailed off . 
 my memory snagged , taken aback by a compelling and forceful sense of undue familiarity . 
 `` soap , shampoo , hot water , '' i added , almost as an afterthought . 
 `` naked . 
 i know the drill , '' jev said , something unreadable passing over his eyes . 
 unsure how to proceed , i attempted to wash away the moment with an airy laugh . 
 `` are you flirting with me , jev ? '' 
 `` does it feel that way to you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know you well enough to say either way . '' 
 i tried to keep my voice level , neutral even . 
 `` then we 'll have to change that . '' 
 still uncertain of his motives , i cleared my throat . 
 two could play this game . 
 `` running from bad guys together is your idea of playing getting-to-know-you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 this is . '' 
 he dipped my body backward , drawing me up in a slow arc until he raised me flush against him . 
 in his arms , my joints loosened , my defenses melting as he led me through the sultry steps . 
 his muscles flexed under his clothes , holding me , leading me . 
 never letting me stray far . 
 my knees felt rubbery , but not from dancing . 
 my breathing came faster , and i knew i was treading down a slippery slope . 
 being this close to jev , skin brushing , legs touching lightly , gazes connecting briefly in the dark , it was all blind sensation and intoxicating heat . 
 a strange jumble of nervous exhilaration , i pulled away , but not too hard . 
 `` i do n't have the body for this , '' i quipped , lifting my chin at a voluptuous woman nearby who shook her h * ps zealously to the beat . 
 `` no curves . '' 
 jev 's eyes held mine . 
 `` are you asking my opinion ? '' 
 i flushed . 
 `` i asked for that . '' 
 he tipped his head down , his breath warming my skin . 
 his lips grazed my forehead with featherweight pressure . 
 i shut my eyes , trying to hold back the absurd desire for him to move his mouth lower , until it found my own . 
 `` jev - , '' i wanted to say . 
 only his name did n't escape . 
 jev , jev , jev , i thought in perfect cadence to my heightened pulse . 
 i repeated his name , a silent request , until it spun me dizzy . 
 the sliver of air between our mouths was a vivid presence , teasing and tempting . 
 he was so close , my body attuned to his in a way that both frightened and marveled . 
 i waited , leaning into his embrace , my breath light with anticipation . 
 suddenly his body grew taut . 
 the spell broke , the gap between us irrevocably widening , and i stepped back . 
 `` we 've got company , '' jev said . 
 i tried to pull completely away , but jev tightened his hold on me , forcing me to keep up the pretense of dancing . 
 `` stay calm , '' he murmured , his cheek brushing my forehead . 
 `` remember , if they look at you , they 're going to see blond hair and combat boots . 
 they 're not going to see the real you . '' 
 `` wo n't they expect you to tamper with their minds ? '' 
 i tried to catch a glimpse of the doorway , but `` wo n't they expect you to tamper with their minds ? '' 
 i tried to catch a glimpse of the doorway , but several taller men in the crowd blocked me . 
 i could n't tell if hank 's men were advancing or lingering by the doors , watching . 
 `` they did n't get a good look at me , but they saw me jump from the third floor of the warehouse , which will tell them i 'm not human . 
 they 'll be looking for a guy and a girl together , but that could be any number of couples in here . '' 
 `` what are they doing now ? '' 
 i asked , still unable to see past the crowd . 
 `` having a look around . 
 dance with me and keep your eyes off the doors . 
 there are four of them . 
 they 're spreading out . '' 
 jev swore . 
 `` two are heading this way . 
 i think we 've been made . 
 the black hand trained them well . 
 i 've never met a nephil who could see through a trance within the first year of swearing fealty , but they just might pull it off . 
 walk toward the bathrooms and take the exit at the end of the hall . 
 do n't walk too fast , and do n't look back . 
 if anyone tries to stop you , ignore them and keep walking . 
 i 'm going to head them off to buy us time . 
 i 'll meet you in the all ey in five . '' 
 jev went one way and i went the other-with my heart in my throat . 
 i elbowed my way through the crowd , the heat of too many bodies and my own nervous adrenaline making my skin moist . 
 i veered into the hallway leading to the bathrooms , which , judging by the rancid smell and the swarm of flies , were anything but sanitary . 
 there was a long line , and i had to edge sideways around each person , muttering a hurried , `` excuse me . '' 
 as jev promised , a door appeared at the end of the hallway . 
 i pushed through it and found myself outside . 
 wasting no time , i broke into a jog . 
 i did n't think it was a good idea to stand in the open , choosing instead to hide behind the dumpsters until jev came for me . 
 i was halfway down the all ey when the door swung open behind me . 
 `` over there ! '' 
 a voice shouted . 
 `` she 's getting away ! '' 
 i looked back only long enough to confirm they were nephilim . 
 then i took off . 
 i did n't know where i was going , but jev would have to find me elsewhere . 
 i raced across the street , heading back to where we 'd abandoned the tahoe . 
 when jev did n't find me in the all ey , hopefully his car was the next place he 'd think to look . 
 the nephilim were too fast . 
 even at a full sprint , i could hear them closing in . 
 everything came ten times easier to them , i realized with increasing panic . 
 when they were only moments away from seizing me , i whirled around . 
 the two nephilim slowed , instantly wary of my intentions . 
 i shifted my eyes between them , breathing heavily . 
 i could keep running and draw out the inevitable . 
 i could put up a fight . 
 i could scream bloody murder and hope jev heard . 
 but every option felt like grasping at straws . 
 `` is it her ? '' 
 the shorter one asked with a formal accent that sounded british . 
 he eyed me shrewdly . 
 `` it 's her , '' the taller , an american , confirmed . 
 `` she 's using a trance . 
 focus on one detail at a time , the way the black hand taught us . 
 her hair , for instance . '' 
 the shorter nephil squinted at me so intently i wondered if he could see all the way through to the bricks on the building behind me . 
 `` well , well , '' he said after a moment . 
 `` red , is it ? 
 i preferred you blond . '' 
 with inhuman speed , they were at my sides , each gripping an elbow so hard i winced . 
 `` what were you doing in the warehouse ? '' 
 the taller nephil asked . 
 `` how did you find it ? '' 
 `` i - , '' i began . 
 but i was too terrified to think up a plausible lie . 
 they were n't going to believe me if i said sheer dumb luck was responsible for my stumbling through their window in the middle of the night . 
 `` cat got your tongue ? '' 
 the shorter said , tickling under my chin . 
 i jerked away . 
 `` we have to take her back to the warehouse , '' the taller one said . 
 `` the black hand or blakely will want to question her . '' 
 `` they wo n't be back till tomorrow . 
 might as well get some answers now . '' 
 `` what if she does n't talk ? '' 
 the shorter nephil licked his lips , something frightening lighting up his eyes . 
 `` we 'll make sure she does . '' 
 the taller nephil frowned . 
 `` she 'll tell them everything . '' 
 `` we 'll wipe her memory when we 're done . 
 she wo n't know the difference . '' 
 `` we 're not strong enough yet . 
 even if we could erase half of it , it would n't be enough . '' 
 `` we could try devilcraft , '' the shorter suggested with a disturbing gleam in his eyes . 
 `` devilcraft is a myth . 
 the black hand made that clear . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 if the angels in heaven have powers , it makes sense the demons in hell should too . 
 you say myth , i say potential gold mine . 
 imagine what we could do if we got our hands on it . '' 
 `` even if devilcraft exists , we would n't know where to start . '' 
 the shorter nephil wagged his head in irritation . 
 `` always one for fun , you are . 
 fine . 
 we make sure our stories match . 
 our word against hers . '' 
 he counted down his suggested version of the night 's events on his fingers . 
 `` we chased her from the warehouse , found her hiding in the club , and while dragging her back , she got scared and spilled everything . 
 it wo n't matter what she says happened . 
 she already broke into the warehouse . 
 if anything , the black hand will expect her to lie again . '' 
 the taller nephil did n't look fully convinced , but he did n't argue , either . 
 `` you 're coming with me , '' the shorter one grunted , forcing me roughly into the tight space between the buildings at our rear . 
 he paused only to tell his friend , `` stay here and make sure nobody bothers us . 
 if we can extract information from her , it just might earn us extra privileges . 
 maybe even move us up a rank . '' 
 my whole body went into a slow freeze at the idea of being interrogated by the nephil , but i 'd quickly come to accept that i did n't stand a fighting chance against both of them . 
 maybe i could press my advantage . 
 my only hope-and even i knew it was a thin one-was to level the playing field by going one on one . 
 letting the shorter nephil drag me deeper into the narrow breezeway , i hoped the gamble would pay off . 
 `` you 're making a big mistake , '' i told him , putting all the threat i possessed behind my words . 
 he rolled up his sleeves , exposing knuckles decorated with various sharp rings , and my courage suddenly felt slippery . 
 `` been in america six months now , waking up at the crack of dawn , training all day under a tyrant , and locked up in the barracks at night . 
 after six months of that prison , let me tell you , it 's going to feel good to take it out on someone . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy this , luv . '' 
 `` you stole my line , '' i said , and shoved my knee up between his legs . 
 i 'd seen enough guys at school take a similar hit during sports games or pe class to know the injury would n't completely immobilize him , but i was n't expecting him to be ready to lunge at me after nothing more than a pained moan . 
 he came at me in a blur . 
 there was a discarded two-by-four near my feet , and i snatched it up . 
 several rusty nails protruded from it , making it a useful weapon . 
 the nephil eyed the block of wood and shrugged . 
 `` go ahead . 
 try and hit me . 
 wo n't hurt . '' 
 i gripped the two-by-four like a bat . 
 `` it might not permanently injure you , but trust me , it will hurt . '' 
 he faked to his right , but i was expecting it . 
 when he jumped to his left , i swung down hard . 
 there was an awful puncturing sound , and the nephil yelped . 
 `` that 's gon na cost you . '' 
 he kicked high before i had time to register the movement , his boot sending the wood out of my grasp . 
 he wrestled me to the ground , pinning my arms over my head . 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 i yelled , twisting under his weight . 
 `` sure thing , luv . 
 just tell me what you were doing at the safe house . '' 
 `` get-off-me-now . '' 
 `` you heard her . '' 
 the nephil 's eyes widened in impatience . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 he snapped , whipping his head around to see who dared interrupt us . 
 `` it was an easy enough request , '' jev said , smiling slightly , but it was all lethality at the edges . 
 `` i 'm a little busy at the moment , mate , '' the nephil barked , raking his eyes over me for emphasis . 
 `` if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` turns out i do . '' 
 jev grabbed the nephil by the shoulders and flung him against the building . 
 he splayed his hand across the nephil 's throat , shutting off his airway . 
 `` apologize . '' 
 with a flick of his head , jev gestured in my direction . 
 the nephil clawed at jev 's hand , his face flaring with color . 
 his mouth opened and closed like a fish 's , trying to draw oxygen . 
 `` tell her how deeply sorry you are , or i 'll make sure you have nothing to say for a good while longer . '' 
 with his free hand , jev waved a switchblade , and i realized he meant to cut out the nephil 's tongue . 
 for what it was worth , i did n't feel a shred of sympathy . 
 `` what 's it going to be ? '' 
 the nephil 's eyes burned with rage as he glanced between me and jev . 
 sorry , his infuriated voice spat into my mind . 
 `` it wo n't win an oscar , but it 'll do , '' jev told him with a vicious smile . 
 `` that was n't so hard , was it ? '' 
 wrenching free , the nephil gulped air and massaged his throat . 
 `` do i know you ? 
 i know you 're a fall en angel-i can feel your power rolling off you like a stench , which makes me think you must have been pretty high up before you fell , maybe even an archangel-but what i want to know is if we 've crossed paths before . '' 
 it seemed like a trick question , meant to help the nephil track jev down at some future point , but jev was n't baited . 
 `` not yet , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll keep the introduction short . '' 
 he plowed his fist into the nephil 's gut . 
 the nephil 's mouth was still in the shape of an o when he sank to his knees and went slack . 
 jev turned to me . 
 i expected him to demand why i had n't stayed in the all ey like we 'd agreed , and how i 'd wound up with the present company , but he simply wiped a smudge of dirt off my cheek and buttoned the top two buttons on my blouse . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked quietly . 
 i nodded , but felt tears swell at the back of my throat . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' he said . 
 for once , i did n't protest . 
 chapter 19 as jev drove , i leaned my head against the window , staying quiet . 
 he kept to side roads and back roads , but i had a rough idea of where we were . 
 another few turns , and i knew exactly where we were . 
 the entrance to delphic amusement park loomed ahead , imposing and skeletal . 
 jev pulled into the vacant lot . 
 four hours ago , he would have been lucky to find a place half this close to the gates . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 i asked , sitting up straighter . 
 he shut off the engine , arching a dark brow . 
 `` you said you wanted to talk . '' 
 `` yeah , but this place is ... '' empty . 
 a hard smile touched his mouth . 
 `` still do n't know if you can trust me ? 
 as for why delphic , call me sentimental . '' 
 if i was supposed to catch his meaning , i did n't . 
 i followed him to the gates , watching him vault up and over them with ease . 
 on the other side , he pushed the gate open just wide enough to allow me entrance . 
 `` could we go to jail for this ? '' 
 i asked , knowing it was a stupid question . 
 if we were caught , how could we not ? 
 but because jev looked like he knew what he was doing , i followed . 
 above the lamplight , a roller coaster towered over the park . 
 an image blazed across my mind , momentarily halting me . 
 i saw myself hurtling off the tracks into a free fall . 
 i swallowed , brushing the image off as having to do with my terror of heights . 
 i was growing more uneasy by the minute . 
 just because jev had saved my skin three times did n't mean it was a good idea to be alone with him . 
 i supposed i 'd been lulled here by the idea of answers . 
 jev had promised we 'd talk , and the temptation had been too appealing to resist . 
 at last jev slowed , veering off the walkway and coming to a stop before a ramshackle maintenance shed . 
 it was overshadowed by the roller coaster on one side and a giant spinning wheel on the other . 
 the squat gray structure was the last place anyone 's eyes would travel . 
 `` what 's in the shed ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` home . '' 
 home ? 
 either he had a sense of humor , or he was redefining simple living . 
 `` glamorous . '' 
 a shrewd smile crept to his mouth . 
 `` i sacrificed style for safety . '' 
 i eyed the weathered paint , sloped awning , and paper-thin construction . 
 `` safe ? 
 i could probably kick down the door . '' 
 `` safe from the archangels . '' 
 at the word , i felt a jab of panic . 
 i remembered my last hallucination . 
 help me find an archangel 's necklace , hank had said . 
 the coincidence tingled unpleasantly under my skin . 
 inserting his key , jev opened the shed door and held it for me . 
 `` when do i get to find out about the archangels ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i sounded glib , but nerves were making a wreck of my stomach . 
 just how many different angel spin-offs were there ? 
 `` all you need to know is that right now , they 're not on our side . '' 
 i read deeper into his tone . 
 `` but they might be later ? '' 
 `` i 'm an optimist . '' 
 i stepped over the threshold , thinking there had to be more to the shed than met the eye . 
 if the walls would be spared by a gusty wind , i 'd be amazed . 
 the floorboards creaked under my weight , and i breathed in the smell of stale air . 
 the shed was small - about fifteen by ten feet . 
 no windows . 
 the space fell to total darkness when jev let the door shut behind us . 
 `` you live here ? '' 
 i asked , just to be sure . 
 `` this is more like the antechamber . '' 
 before i could ask what that meant , i heard him cross the shed . 
 there was the low whine of a door opening . 
 when he spoke again , his voice was much lower to the ground . 
 `` give me your hand . '' 
 i shuffled over , wading through blackness , until i felt him grasp my hand . 
 it seemed he was standing below me , in a recessed area . 
 his hands moved to my waist . 
 he lifted me down - into a space beneath the shed . 
 we stood face-to-face in the darkness . 
 i felt him breathing , low and steady . 
 my own breathing was less regular . 
 where was he taking me ? 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` there 's a labyrinth of tunnels beneath the park . 
 layer upon layer of mazes . 
 years ago , fall en angels did n't mingle with humans . 
 they separated themselves , living out here on the coast , going into towns and villages only during cheshvan to possess their nephilim vassals ' bodies . 
 a two-week vacation , and those towns were like their resorts . 
 they did what they wanted . 
 took what they wanted . 
 filled their pockets with their vassals ' money . 
 `` these cliffs by the ocean were remote , but fall en angels built their cities underground as a precaution . 
 they knew that over time things would change . 
 and they did . 
 humans expanded . 
 the boundary between human and fall en angel territory blurred . 
 fall en angels built delphic on top of their city to hide it . 
 when they opened the amusement park , they used the revenue to sustain themselves . '' 
 his voice was so measured , so steady , i did n't know how he felt about what he 'd just told me . 
 in return , i did n't know what to say . 
 it was like hearing a dark fairy tale , late at night , with heavy eyes . 
 the whole moment felt dreamlike , fluttering in and out of focus , yet so very real . 
 i knew jev was telling the truth , not because his history of fall en angels and nephilim matched scott 's , but because every last word rattled me , shaking loose fragments of my memory i 'd thought were gone forever . 
 `` i almost brought you here once , '' jev said . 
 `` the nephil whose safe house you broke into tonight interfered . '' 
 i did n't have to be honest with jev , but i decided to take the risk . 
 `` i know hank mill ar is the nephil you 're talking about . 
 he 's the reason i went to the safe house tonight . 
 i wanted to know what he was hiding inside . 
 scott told me if we got enough dirt on him , we could figure out what he 's planning and devise a way to bring him down . '' 
 something i interpreted as pity flashed across jev 's eyes . 
 `` hank is n't an ordinary nephil , nora . '' 
 `` i know . 
 scott told me he 's building an army . 
 he wants to overthrow fall en angels so they ca n't possess nephilim bodies anymore . 
 i know he 's powerful and connected . 
 what i do n't understand is how you 're involved . 
 why were you at the safe house tonight ? '' 
 jev said nothing for a moment . 
 `` hank and i have a business arrangement . 
 it 's not unusual for me to pay him a visit . '' 
 he was being deliberately vague . 
 i did n't know whether even after my gesture of honesty he was unwilling to be open with me , or whether he was trying to protect me . 
 he let go of a long sigh . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 he took my elbow , leading me deeper into the perfect darkness beneath the shed . 
 we moved downward , twisting through corridors and around bends . 
 at last jev slowed , opened a door , and picked up something from the ground . 
 a match hissed to life , and he held it against the wick of a candle . 
 `` welcome to my place . '' 
 compared to utter darkness , the candlelight was surprisingly bright . 
 we stood at the opening of a black granite foyer that led to a vast room beyond , also carved from black granite . 
 silk rugs in chromatic shades of navy , gray , and black decorated the floors . 
 the furniture was sparse , but the chromatic shades of navy , gray , and black decorated the floors . 
 the furniture was sparse , but the pieces jev had selected were sleek and contemporary , with clean lines and artistic appeal . 
 `` wow , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't bring many people down here . 
 it 's not something i want to share with everyone . 
 i like the privacy and seclusion . '' 
 he definitely had both , i thought , looking around the cavelike studio . 
 under the candlelight , the granite walls and floors glittered as though flecked with diamonds . 
 as i continued my slow exploration , jev walked the room , lighting candles . 
 `` kitchen to the left , '' he said . 
 `` bedroom in the back . '' 
 i tossed a coy glance over my shoulder . 
 `` why , jev , are you flirting with me ? '' 
 he watched me with dark eyes . 
 `` i 'm starting to wonder if you 're trying to distract me from our previous conversation . '' 
 i trailed my finger over the only heirloom piece in the room , a full-length silver-plated mirror that looked like it belonged in a medieval french chateau . 
 my mom would be truly impressed . 
 jev dropped into a french deco-inspired black leather sofa , spreading his arms along the back . 
 `` i 'm not the distraction in the room . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what might that be ? '' 
 i felt his eyes devour me as i moved around the room . 
 he assessed me head to toe without blinking , and a hot ache shivered through me . 
 a kiss would have been less intimate . 
 shoving down the warmth his gaze stirred inside me , i stopped to take in a breathtaking oill panting . 
 the colors were so vivid , the detail so violent . 
 `` the fall of phaeton , '' he informed me . 
 `` the greek sun god helios had a son , phaeton , by a mortal woman . 
 each day helios drove a chariot across the sky . 
 phaeton tricked his father into letting him drive the chariot , even though phaeton was n't strong enough or skilled enough to handle the horses . 
 as expected , the horses ran wild and fell to earth , burning everything in their path . '' 
 he waited , drawing my eyes to him . 
 `` surely you 're aware of the effect you have on me . '' 
 `` now you 're teasing me . '' 
 `` i enjoy teasing you , true . 
 but there are some things i never joke about . '' 
 all banter left him , and his eyes turned serious . 
 trapped in jev 's gaze , i accepted what had so plainly been laid out before me . 
 he was a fall en angel . 
 the power that vibrated off him was different from what i felt around scott . 
 stronger and sharper . 
 even now , the air whipped with energy . 
 every molecule in my body was ultrasensitive to his presence , aware of his movements . 
 `` i know you 're a fall en angel , '' i said . 
 `` i know you force nephilim to swear an oath of fealty . 
 you possess their bodies . 
 in this war that 's going on , you 're on the opposite side from scott . 
 no wonder you do n't like him . '' 
 `` you 're remembering . '' 
 `` not nearly enough . 
 if you 're a fall en angel , why do business with hank , a nephil ? 
 are n't you supposed to be mortal enemies ? '' 
 i sounded more sharp than i intended ; i was n't sure how to feel about the idea of jev as a fall en angel . 
 a bad guy . 
 to keep this revelation from pushing me over the edge , i reminded myself i 'd figured this all out before , once upon a time . 
 if i 'd handled it then , i could handle it now . 
 once again , pity flashed across his expression . 
 `` about hank . '' 
 he dragged his hands down his face . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 i stared at him , trying to figure out what he was having such a difficult time telling me . 
 his features carried such deep sympathy , i automatically stiffened , bracing for the worst . 
 jev stood , walked to the wall , leaned an arm against it . 
 his sleeves were pushed to his elbows , his head bowed . 
 `` i want to know everything , '' i told him . 
 `` starting with you . 
 i want to remember us . 
 how did we meet ? 
 what did we mean to each other ? 
 after that , i want you to tell me everything about hank . 
 even if you 're worried i wo n't like what you have to say . 
 help me remember . 
 i ca n't go on like this . 
 i ca n't move forward until i know what i left behind . 
 i 'm not afraid of hank , '' i added . 
 `` i 'm afraid of what he 's capable of . 
 he does n't draw the line . 
 he pushes as far as he can . 
 worst of all , he ca n't be trusted . 
 with anything . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` i 'll come clean . 
 i 'll tell you everything , but only because hank double-crossed me . 
 you 're not supposed to be in this anymore . 
 i did everything i could to leave you out of it . 
 hank gave me his word he 'd stay away from you . 
 imagine my surprise , then , when you told me earlier tonight that he 's putting the moves on your mom . 
 if he 's back in your life , it 's because he 's up to something . 
 which means you 're not safe , we 're back to square one , and coming clean does n't put you in any more danger . '' 
 my pulse hammered through my veins , my alarm running deeper than bone . 
 hank . 
 just as i 'd suspected , everything led back to him . 
 `` help me remember , jev . '' 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 he searched my face with the need to know that i was absolutely certain . 
 `` yes , '' i said , sounding braver than i felt . 
 jev lowered himself onto the edge of the sofa . 
 he unbuttoned his shirt carefully . 
 even though i was taken aback , instinct told me to be patient . 
 bracing his elbows on his knees , jev hung his head between his nak * d shoulders . 
 every muscle in his body was rigid . 
 for one moment , he looked like phaeton from his painting , each sinew etched and chiseled . 
 i took one step closer , then two . 
 the guttering candlelight flickered across his body . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 two jagged stripes of torn flesh marred his otherwise flawless back . 
 the wounds were raw and red , and wrung my stomach into a knot . 
 i could n't imagine the pain he was in . 
 i could n't imagine what had happened to create such brutal gouges . 
 `` touch them , '' jev said , looking up at me with nervousness rising to the surface of those unreadable black eyes . 
 `` concentrate on what you want to know . '' 
 `` i-don ' t understand . '' 
 `` the night i drove you away from the 7-eleven , you ripped my shirt and touched my wing scars . 
 you saw one of my memories . '' 
 i blinked . 
 that was n't a hallucination ? 
 hank , jev , the caged girl-they were from jev 's memory ? 
 any doubt i 'd been dragging around vanished . 
 wing scars . 
 of course . 
 because he was a fall en angel . 
 and even though i did n't know the physics behind it , when i touched his scars , i saw things no one else could possibly know . 
 except jev . 
 i finally had what i wanted , a window to the past , and fear threatened to get the better of me . 
 `` i should warn you that if you go inside a memory that includes you , things will get complicated , '' he said . 
 `` you might see a double of yourself . 
 you and my memory of you could be there at the same time , and you 'd be forced to watch the events as an invisible bystander . 
 the other scenario is that you 'll transfer into your own version of the memory . 
 meaning you might experience my memory from your own point of view . 
 you wo n't see a double if that happens . 
 you 'll be the only version of yourself in the memory . 
 i 've heard of both happening , but the first is more common . '' 
 my hands trembled . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 `` i 'll give you five minutes . 
 if you have n't come back , i 'll pull your hand off my scars . 
 that will break the connection . '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 this is your chance , i told myself . 
 do n't run away , not when you 've made it this far . 
 the truth is scary , but knowing nothing is crippling . 
 you of all people understand that . 
 `` give me a half hour , '' i told jev firmly . 
 then i cleared my mind , trying to calm my racing thoughts . 
 i did n't have to understand everything right now . 
 i only had to take a leap of faith . 
 i held my hand out , part of the way . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , summoning courage . 
 i was grateful when jev 's hand closed over mine , guiding me the rest of the way . 
 chapter 20 my first conscious thought was of being nailed down . 
 no . 
 nailed inside . 
 locked in the snuggest of coffins . 
 tangled in a net . 
 defenseless and dictated by another body . 
 a body that looked like my own-same hands , same hair , identical down to the finest detail-but one i had no control over . 
 a strange phantom body that acted against my will , dragging me into its tide . 
 my second thought was patch . 
 patch was kissing me . 
 kissing me in a way that terrified me even more than the phantom body and its unbreakable hold over me . 
 his mouth , everywhere . 
 the rain , warm and sweet . 
 the swell of distant thunder . 
 and his body , taking up space , standing so very close , radiating heat . 
 patch . 
 astonished and shaken , i clawed at the memory . 
 i begged to be let out . 
 i gasped as if coming up from a lengthy and punishing stay under water . 
 at the same time , my eyes flew open . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jev asked , grasping me protectively by the shoulders as i slumped against him . 
 we were back in his granite studio , the same candles flickering along the walls . 
 the familiarity of it flooded me with relief . 
 i was terrified of being trapped down there . 
 terrified of the sensation of being held captive in a body that i could n't command . 
 `` your memory was of me , '' i choked . 
 `` but there was n't a double . 
 i was trapped inside my body , but i could n't control it . 
 i could n't move it . 
 it was-terrifying . '' 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 he asked , his body tense enough to be made of stone . 
 one hard push in the wrong direction , and he might well shatter . 
 `` we were above here . 
 in the shed . 
 when i said your name , i did n't say jev . 
 i called you patch . 
 and you were-kissing me . '' 
 i was too shocked to think about blushing . 
 jev smoothed hair off my face , stroking my cheek . 
 `` nothing is wrong , '' he murmured . 
 `` back then you knew me as patch . 
 that was the name i was going under when we met . 
 i dropped the name when i lost you . 
 i 've been going by jev ever since . '' 
 i felt stupid for crying , but i could n't stop myself . 
 jev was patch . 
 my old boyfriend . 
 it suddenly made sense . 
 no wonder no one had recognized jev 's name-he 'd changed it after i disappeared . 
 `` i kissed you back , '' i said , still crying softly . 
 `` in the memory . '' 
 the tightness in his face softened . 
 `` that bad ? '' 
 i wondered if i could ever tell him just what his kiss had done to me . 
 it was so pleasurable it had single-handedly frightened me out of his memory . 
 to avoid having to answer him , i said , `` you told me earlier that you tried to bring me here to your home once before , but hank stopped us . 
 i think that was the memory i saw . 
 but i did n't see hank . 
 i did n't make it that far . 
 i broke the connection . 
 i could n't handle being inside my body but not being able to control it . 
 i was n't prepared for just how real it would feel . '' 
 `` the girl in control of your body was you , '' he reminded me . 
 `` you in the past . 
 before you lost your memory . '' 
 i jumped up , pacing the room . 
 `` i have to go back . '' 
 `` nora - '' `` i have to face hank . 
 and i ca n't face him here until i 've faced him in there , '' i said , thrusting my finger at jev 's scars . 
 and face yourself , i thought . 
 you have to face the part of you that knows the truth . 
 jev gave me a measured look . 
 `` do you want me to pull you out ? '' 
 `` no . 
 this time i 'm going all the way . '' 
 the moment i arrived back inside jev 's memory , i felt a switch being thrown , and the next thing i knew , i was reliving the flashback through the eyes of the girl i 'd been before my memory was damaged . 
 her body overtook mine , and her thoughts overshadowed my own . 
 i breathed through the panic , opening myself up to her-to me . 
 outside , the rain made a metal ic ping as it pattered the shed . 
 patch and i were both wet from it , and he sucked a drop of rainwater from my lip . 
 i hung my fingertips on the waistband of his jeans and tugged him closer . 
 our mouths slipped over each other , a warm distraction from the chil in the air . 
 he nuzzled my neck affectionately . 
 `` i love you . 
 i 'm happier right now than i ever remember being . '' 
 i was about to answer when a man 's voice , unaccountably familiar , carried out of the darkest part of the shed . 
 `` how very touching . 
 seize the angel . '' 
 a handful of overly tall young men , undoubtedly nephilim , rushed out of the shadows and surrounded patch , twisting his arms behind his back . 
 i hardly had time to absorb what was happening when patch 's voice broke into my thoughts as clearly as if he 'd spoken in my ear . 
 when i start fighting , run . 
 take the jeep . 
 do n't go home . 
 stay in the jeep and keep driving until i find you . 
 the man who lingered at the back of the shed , commanding the others , stepped forward into the eerie carnival light slicing through the shed 's many cracks . 
 he was unnaturally young for his age , with crisp blue eyes and a ruthless curl to his mouth . 
 `` mr. mill ar , '' i whispered . 
 how could he possibly be here ? 
 after everything i 'd gone through this night , a near-fatal attempt on my life , learning the sordid truth about my heritage , and overcoming it all to be with patch , now this ? 
 it did n't seem real . 
 `` let me introduce myself properly , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm the black hand . 
 i knew your father harrison well . 
 i 'm glad he 's not here now to see you debasing yourself with one of the devil 's brood . '' 
 he wagged his head at me . 
 `` you 're not the girl i thought you 'd grow up to be , nora . 
 fraternizing with the enemy , making a mockery of your heritage . 
 but i can forgive that . '' 
 he paused with significance . 
 `` tell me , nora . 
 was it you who killed my dear friend and associate , chauncey langeais ? '' 
 my blood ran cold . 
 i was caught between the impulse to lie and the knowledge that it would n't do any good . 
 he knew i 'd killed chauncey . 
 the cold twist of his mouth frowned at me in judgment . 
 now ! 
 patch shouted , cutting into my thoughts . 
 run ! 
 i bolted for the shed door . 
 but i only made it a few steps before a nephil hooked my elbow . 
 just as fast , he yanked my other arm behind my back . 
 i tried to wrench free , every movement a desperate lunge for the shed door . 
 hank mill ar 's footfalls crossed the shed behind me . 
 `` i owe this to chauncey . '' 
 any chil i 'd felt from the rain had vanished ; rivulets of sweat trickled beneath my shirt . 
 `` we shared a vision . 
 one we intended to see through to the end , '' hank continued . 
 `` who would 've guessed you of all people would be the one to nearly destroy it ? '' 
 a slew of spiteful responses sprang to mind , but i did n't dare set off hank . 
 my only asset was time , and i needed to keep it on my side . 
 the nephil spun me around just as hank retrieved a long , thin dagger from the waist of his pants . 
 touch my back . 
 patch 's voice cut through the panic clanging between my ears . 
 frantically , i looked sideways at him . 
 go inside my memory . 
 touch the place where my wings fuse into my back . 
 he nodded , urging me to act . 
 easier said than done , i thought at him , even though i knew he could n't hear me . 
 a span of five or six feet separated us , and both of us were held captive by nephilim . 
 `` let go of me , '' i snapped at the nephil pinning my arms . 
 `` we both know i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i ca n't outrun all of you . '' 
 the nephil glanced at hank , who confirmed my request with a slight nod . 
 then he sighed , almost bored . 
 `` i 'm sorry to do this , nora . 
 but justice must be served . 
 chauncey would have done the same for me . '' 
 i rubbed the insides of my elbows , my skin burning from where the nephil had gripped me . 
 `` justice ? 
 what about family ? 
 i 'm your daughter by blood . '' 
 and nothing more . 
 `` you 're a blight on my heritage , '' he dismissed . 
 `` a turncoat . 
 a humiliation . '' 
 i gave him the blackest look i had inside me , even though my stomach roiled in fear . 
 `` are you here to avenge chauncey , or is this an attempt to save face ? 
 could n't handle your daughter dating a fall en angel and embarrassing you in front of your little nephilim army ? 
 am i getting warm ? '' 
 so much for not setting him off . 
 hank frowned slightly . 
 think you could get inside my memory before he snaps your neck ? 
 patch hissed to my mind . 
 i did n't look at patch , afraid i 'd lose my resolve if i did . 
 we both knew escaping into his memory was n't going to get me out of here . 
 it would merely transport my mind into his past . 
 and i supposed that was what patch wanted ; for me to be in some other place when hank killed me . 
 patch knew this was the end , and he was saving me the pain of being conscious at my own execution . 
 a ridiculous image of an ostrich with its head in the sand came distinctly to mind . 
 if i was going to die in the next few moments , it would n't be before i said the words that i hoped would haunt hank for the rest of eternity . 
 `` i guess it 's a good thing you chose to keep marcie as your daughter instead of me , '' i said . 
 `` she 's cute , popular , dates the right boys , and is too dumb to question anything you do . 
 but i know for a fact the dead can come back . 
 i saw my dad earlier tonight-my real dad . '' 
 the frown on hank 's face deepened . 
 `` if he can visit me , there 's nothing preventing me from visiting marcie-or your wife . 
 and i wo n't stop there . 
 i know you 're dating my mom on the sly again . 
 i 'll tell her the truth about you , dead or alive . 
 how many dates do you think you can squeeze in before i let her know you killed me ? '' 
 that was all i had time to say before patch rammed his knee into the gut of the nephil holding his right arm . 
 the nephil slumped , and patch swung his free fist at the nose of the nephil pinning his left arm . 
 there was an awful crunch , and a blubbering yowl . 
 i ran for patch , throwing myself against him . 
 `` hurry , '' he said , forcing my hand up the back of his shirt . 
 i splayed my hand blindly on patch 's back , hoping i 'd make contact with the place where his wings fused into his skin . 
 his wings were made of spiritual matter and i could n't see or feel them , but it only made sense that they 'd span a good portion of his back and be hard to miss . 
 someone-hank or one of the other nephilim-tore at my shoulders , but i only slipped a little ; patch 's arms were around me , locking me against him . 
 with no time to spare , i plunged my hand a second time up the smooth , toned skin of patch 's back . 
 where were his wings ? 
 he kissed my forehead roughly and murmured something unintel igible . 
 there was no time for more . 
 a searing white light exploded at the back of my mind . 
 the very next moment , i was suspended in a dark universe speckled with pricks of colorful light . 
 i knew i had to move toward any of the millions of light pricks-each one a stored memory-but they seemed miles away . 
 i heard hank shouting , and i knew it meant i had n't fully crossed over . 
 maybe my hand was close to the base of patch 's wings , but not close enough . 
 i could n't block out the flashing images of all the horrible , painful ways hank could end my life , and i fought my way through the darkness , determined to see patch in his memories one last time before it was all over . 
 tears stained my vision . 
 the end . 
 i did n't want this to be that moment , stealing up behind me with no warning . 
 i had so much more i wanted to tell patch . 
 did he know how much he meant to me ? 
 what we had together-it had barely started . 
 everything could not come crashing down now . 
 i summoned a picture of patch 's face . 
 the image i chose was of the very first time we met . 
 his hair was long , curling over his ears , and his eyes looked like they did n't miss a thing , perceiving the secrets and desires of my soul . 
 i remembered the startled expression on his face when i 'd stormed into bo 's arcade , upsetting his pool game , and demanded that he help me finish our biology assignment . 
 i remembered his wolfish smile , daring me to play along , as he 'd moved to kiss me that very first time in my kitchen ... patch was shouting too . 
 not ahead of me in his memories , but far below me , in the shed . 
 two words rose above the others , sounding distorted in my ears , as though they had traveled a great distance . 
 deal . 
 compromise . 
 i frowned , straining to hear more . 
 what was patch saying ? 
 i suddenly feared that whatever it was , i would n't like it . 
 no ! 
 i shouted , needing to stop patch . 
 i tried to propel myself back to the shed , but i was in a vacuum , floating idly . 
 patch ! 
 what are you telling him ? 
 i felt a strange tug to my body , as if i 'd been latched behind my spine . 
 the sound of shouting voices swirled shut behind me as i hurtled toward a blinding light and inside the corridors of patch 's memory . 
 again . 
 i arrived inside the second memory in an instant . 
 i stood once again in the damp chil of the shed crowded with hank , his nephilim men , and jev , and i could only gather that this second memory was beginning precisely where the last one had ended . 
 i felt that familiar switch being thrown , but this time i was n't locked inside a version of myself from the past . 
 my thoughts and actions belonged to the present me . 
 i was now a double , an invisible bystander , watching jev 's version of this moment as he remembered it . 
 jev held a sluggish version of my body . 
 my body was limp except for my hand , which was splayed on his back . 
 my eyes were rolled back to whites and i vaguely wondered if i would remember both memories when i pulled out entirely . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i 'd heard about that trick , '' hank said . 
 `` it 's true , i gather ? 
 she 's inside your memory as we speak , and all this by simply touching your wings ? '' 
 looking at hank , i felt a surge of helplessness . 
 had i just said he was my father ? 
 i had . 
 i felt a compulsion to beat my fists against his chest until he denied it , but the truth burned like a fever inside me . 
 i could loathe him all i wanted , but it did n't change the fact that his vile blood coursed through my veins . 
 harrison grey might have given me all the love of a parent , but hank mill ar had given me life . 
 `` i 'll make a deal , '' jev said roughly . 
 `` something you want , in exchange for nora 's life . '' 
 hank 's lips twitched . 
 `` what could you possibly have that i want ? '' 
 `` you 're building a nephilim army with the hope of overthrowing fall en angels as early as this cheshvan . 
 do n't look surprised . 
 i 'm not the only angel who knows what you 're up to . 
 bands of fall en angels are forming all iances , and they 're going to make their nephilim vassals regret thinking they could ever break free . 
 it 's not going to be a pretty cheshvan for any nephil who bears the black hand 's mark of all egiance . 
 and that 's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to what they have in store . 
 you 're never going to pull this off without a man on the inside . '' 
 hank gestured to dismiss his men . 
 `` leave me alone with the angel . 
 take the girl outside . '' 
 `` you 're kidding if you think i 'm letting her out of my sight , '' jev said . 
 hank relented with an amused snort . 
 `` very well . 
 keep her while you can . '' 
 as soon as the nephilim exited , hank said , `` keep talking . '' 
 `` let nora live , and i 'll spy for you . '' 
 hank 's blond eyebrows swept up . 
 `` my , my . 
 your feelings for her run deeper than i thought . '' 
 his gaze raked my unconscious figure . 
 `` i daresay she 's not worth it . 
 sadly , i do n't care what you and your guardian angel friends think of my plans . 
 i 'm far more interested in fall en angels , what they 're thinking , any countermeasures they might attempt . 
 you 're not one of them anymore . 
 so how do you plan to be privy to their dealings ? '' 
 `` let me worry about that . '' 
 hank considered jev with a discriminating eye . 
 `` all right , '' he said at last . 
 `` i 'm intrigued . '' 
 a careless shrug . 
 `` i 'm not the one who stands to lose . 
 i take it you 'd have me swear an oath ? '' 
 `` would n't have it any other way , '' jev said coolly . 
 drawing the dagger once again from the waist of his pants , hank made a slash across the palm of his left hand . 
 `` i swear my oath to let the girl live . 
 if i break my vow , i plead that i may die and return to the dust from which i was created . '' 
 jev accepted the blade and sliced his hand next . 
 making a fist , he shook loose a few drops of a bloodlike substance . 
 `` i swear to feed you all the information i can on what fall en angels are planning . 
 if i break my vow , i will voluntarily lock myself in the chains of hell . '' 
 the two of them clasped hands , mingling their blood . 
 by the time they pulled free , their wounds had healed perfectly . 
 `` keep in touch , '' hank said with irony , dusting his shirt as though being in the shed had somehow sull ied him . 
 he raised his cell phone to his ear , and when he caught jev watching , he explained , `` making sure my car is ready . '' 
 however , when he spoke into the phone , his words adopted a hardened undertone . 
 `` send my men in . 
 all of them . 
 i want the girl taken away . '' 
 jev went still . 
 even as the sound of running feet approached the shed he said , `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` i swore an oath to let her live , '' hank informed him . 
 `` when i release her is up to me-and you . 
 she 's yours after you 've given me enough information to guarantee i can overthrow fall en angels by cheshvan . 
 consider nora insurance . '' 
 jev 's eyes flicked to the shed door , but hank interjected smoothly , `` do n't go down that road . 
 you 're outnumbered twenty to one . 
 we 'd both hate to see nora needlessly injured in a scuffle . 
 play this smart . 
 hand her over . '' 
 jev grabbed hank 's sleeve , jerking him close . 
 `` if you take her away , i will see to it that your corpse fertilizes the ground we 're standing on , '' he said , his voice more venomous than i 'd ever heard it . 
 nothing in hank 's expression hinted at fear . 
 if anything , he appeared almost smug . 
 `` my corpse ? 
 is that my cue to laugh ? '' 
 hank opened the shed door , and his nephilim men thundered in . 
 just like a dream , jev 's memories ended almost before they began . 
 there was a moment of disorientation , and then the granite studio came into focus . 
 jev stood silhouetted against the candlelight . 
 the flame gave just enough ill umination to bring a severe glint to his eyes . 
 a dark angel indeed . 
 `` okay , '' i whispered , haunted by a sensation of lingering vertigo . 
 `` okay ... then . '' 
 he smiled , but his expression was uncertain . 
 `` okay then ? 
 that 's it ? '' 
 i turned my face up to his . 
 i could hardly look at him the same way . 
 i was crying without realizing i 'd started . 
 `` you made a deal with hank . 
 you saved my life . 
 why would you do that for me ? '' 
 `` angel , '' he murmured , clasping my face between his hands . 
 `` i do n't think you understand the lengths i would go to if it means keeping you here with me . '' 
 my throat choked with emotion . 
 i could n't find words . 
 hank mill ar , a man who 'd stood quietly in the shadows for years , was now revealed to have given me life , only to try to end it , and jev was the reason i was alive . 
 hank mill ar . 
 the man who 'd stood in my house on numerous occasions , as if he belonged . 
 who 'd smiled and kissed my mom . 
 who 'd spoken to me with warmth and familiarity - `` he kidnapped me , '' i said , piecing it all together . 
 i 'd suspected it before , but jev 's memories filled in the gaps with shocking clarity . 
 `` he swore the oath not to kill me , but he held me hostage to make sure you were motivated to spy for him . 
 three whole months . 
 he strung everyone along for three whole months . 
 all to get his hands on information about fall en angels . 
 he let my mom believe i was as good as dead . '' 
 of course he had . 
 he 'd proven he had no qualms when it came to getting his hands dirty . 
 he was a powerful nephil , capable of an arsenal of mind-tricks . 
 and after dumping me in the cemetery , he 'd used them to keep my memories far , far away . 
 after all , he could n't release me and have me shouting his diabolical deeds to the world . 
 `` i hate him . 
 words ca n't express how angry i am . 
 i want him to pay . 
 i want him dead , '' i said with hardened resolution . 
 `` the mark on your wrist , '' jev said . 
 `` it 's not a birthmark . 
 i 've seen it twice before . 
 on my old nephil vassal , a man named chauncey langeais . 
 hank mill ar also has the mark , nora . 
 the mark links you to their bloodline , like an outward expression of a genetic marker or dna sequence . 
 hank is your biological father . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , shaking my head with bitterness . 
 he laced his hand in mine , brushing a kiss across my knuckles . 
 i was acutely aware of the pressure of his mouth , little tingles swimming under my skin . 
 `` you remember ? '' 
 `` i heard myself say it in the memory , but i must have already known . 
 i was n't surprised ; i was angry . 
 i do n't remember when i first knew it . '' 
 i pressed my thumb into the mark slashing my inner wrist . 
 `` but i feel it . 
 there 's a disconnect between my mind and my heart , but i feel the truth . 
 they say when people lose their vision , their hearing becomes sharper . 
 i 've lost part of my memory , but maybe my intuition is stronger . '' 
 we considered this in silence . 
 what jev did n't know was that my true parentage was n't the only piece of information my intuition was making a judgment on . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about hank . 
 not right now . 
 i want to talk about something else i saw . 
 or rather , i should say something i discovered . '' 
 he regarded me with equal parts curiosity and wariness . 
 a deep breath . 
 `` i learned that i was either crazy in love with you , or putting on the best performance of my life . '' 
 his eyes remained carefully guarded , but i thought i saw a flicker of hope . 
 `` which one are you leaning toward ? '' 
 only one way to find out . 
 `` first , i need to know what happened between you and marcie . 
 this is one of those times when giving me full disclosure is in your best interest , '' i warned . 
 `` marcie said you were her summer fling . 
 scott told me she played a role in our breakup . 
 all that 's missing is your version . '' 
 jev stroked his chin . 
 `` do i look like a summer fling ? '' 
 i tried to picture jev playing frisbee at the beach or lathering up in sunscreen . 
 i tried to imagine him buying marcie ice cream on the boardwalk and patiently listening to her endless chatter . 
 any way i tried it , the image brought a smile to my face . 
 `` point taken , '' i said . 
 `` so spill . '' 
 `` marcie was an assignment . 
 i had n't gone rogue yet ; i still had my wings , which made me a guardian angel , taking orders from the archangels , and they wanted me to keep an eye on her . 
 she 's hank 's daughter , which equates to danger by association . 
 i kept her safe , but it was n't a pleasant experience . 
 i 've done my best to put the memory behind me . '' 
 `` so nothing happened ? '' 
 his mouth tipped up slightly . 
 `` i almost shot her once or twice , but the excitement ends there . '' 
 `` missed opportunity . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` there 's always next time . 
 still want to talk about marcie ? '' 
 i held his steady gaze , shaking my head no . 
 `` i do n't feel like talking , '' i confessed quietly . 
 i rose to my feet , pulling him up with me , a little dizzy from the audacity of what i was about to do . 
 i was all slippery emotions inside , able to grasp only two of them . 
 curiosity , and desire . 
 he held perfectly still . 
 `` angel , '' he said roughly . 
 he stroked his thumb across my cheek , but i pulled back slightly . 
 `` do n't rush this . 
 if there 's any memory of being with you left inside me , i ca n't force it . '' 
 that was half the truth . 
 the other half i kept to myself . 
 i 'd been secretly fantasizing about this moment since i 'd first seen jev . 
 i 'd created a hundred variations of it in my head since then , but my imagination had never come close to making me feel the way i did right now . 
 i felt an irresistible draw , luring me closer , closer . 
 no matter what happened , i did n't ever want to forget how it felt with jev . 
 i wanted to imprint his touch , his taste , event the scent of him so solidly inside me that no one-no one-could take them away from me . 
 i slid my hands up his torso , memorizing every ripple of muscle . 
 i inhaled the same scents i had that first night in the tahoe . 
 leather , spice , mint . 
 i traced the planes of his face with my fingers , curiously exploring his sharp , almost italian features . 
 all through this jev did n't move , enduring my touch with his eyes closed . 
 `` angel , '' he repeated in a strained voice . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i spread my fingers through his hair , feeling it flutter through them . 
 i committed every last detail to memory . 
 the bronzed shade of his skin , the confident line of his posture , the seductive length of his eyelashes . 
 he was n't clean lines and perfect symmetries , and i found him even more interesting for it . 
 done stalling , i told myself at last . 
 leaning in , i closed my eyes . 
 his mouth opened under mine , his tightly reined control shuddering through his body . 
 his arms wrapped around me , securing me against him . 
 he kissed me harder , and the depth of my response unnerved me . 
 my legs felt wobbly and heavy . 
 i sank into jev , and he backed us slowly down the wall until i came to straddle his lap . 
 brightness lit up inside me , and the heat of it consumed every hollow corner . 
 a hidden world opened between us , one that was as frightening as it was familiar . 
 i knew it was real . 
 i 'd kissed like this before . 
 i 'd kissed patch like this before . 
 i could n't remember calling him anything but jev , but somehow patch just felt ... right . 
 the hot deliciousness of being with him came roaring back , threatening to swallow me whole . 
 i pulled away first , trailing my tongue along my lower lip . 
 patch made a low , questioning sound . 
 `` not bad ? '' 
 i bent my head toward his . 
 `` practice makes perfect . '' 
 chapter 21 my eyes fluttered open and the room took shape . 
 the lights were off . 
 the air was cool . 
 the most luxurious and delicious fabric caressed my skin . 
 the memory of last night came back to me in a whirlwind . 
 patch and i had made out ... . 
 i vaguely recol ected muttering something to him about being too exhausted to drive ... i 'd fall en asleep at patch 's . 
 i wrestled myself up to sitting . 
 `` my mom is going to kill me ! '' 
 i blurted to no one in particular . 
 for one thing , it was a school night . 
 for another , i 'd missed curfew by a mile and never bothered to call and explain why . 
 patch sat in a chair in the corner , his chin propped on his fist . 
 `` already taken care of . 
 i called vee . 
 she agreed to vouch for you . 
 the story she gave your mom is that the two of you were at her house watching the five-hour version of pride and prejudice , you lost track of time , you fell asleep first , and rather than wake you up , vee 's mom agreed to let you sleep over . '' 
 `` you called vee ? 
 and she agreed , no questions asked ? '' 
 it did n't sound like vee at all . 
 especially the new vee , who 'd developed a death wish for the male race in general . 
 `` it might have been slightly more difficult than that . '' 
 his enigmatic tone clicked in my brain . 
 `` you mind-tricked her ? '' 
 `` between asking permission and begging forgiveness , i lean toward the latter . '' 
 `` she 's my best friend . 
 you ca n't mind-trick her ! '' 
 even though i was still angry at vee for lying about patch , she must have had her reasons . 
 and while i did n't approve , and intended to get to the bottom of it very , very soon , she meant the world to me . 
 patch had crossed a line . 
 `` you were exhausted . 
 and you looked peaceful sleeping in my bed . '' 
 `` that 's because your bed has some kind of spell on it , '' i said , less testily than i intended . 
 `` i could sleep here forever . 
 satin sheets ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` silk . '' 
 black silk sheets . 
 who knew how much they 'd cost ? 
 one thing was certain , they had a hypnotic quality i found very distracting . 
 `` swear you wo n't ever mind-trick vee again . '' 
 `` done , '' he said easily , now that he 'd gotten away with it . 
 beg forgiveness sounded about right . 
 `` i do n't suppose you have an explanation for why both vee and my mom have consistently denied knowing you exist ? 
 in fact , the only two people who 've confessed to remembering you at all are marcie and scott . '' 
 `` vee dated rixon . 
 after hank kidnapped you , i erased her memory of rixon . 
 he used her and put her through a lot of pain . 
 he put everyone through a lot of pain . 
 it was easier in the long run if i did my best to make everyone forget him . 
 the alternative was letting your friends and family hang their hopes on an arrest that was never going to happen . 
 when i went to wipe vee 's mind , she put up a fight . 
 to this day , she 's angry . 
 she does n't know why , but it 's rooted inside her . 
 erasing someone 's memory is n't as easy as it sounds . 
 it 's like trying to pick all the chocolate chips out of a cookie . 
 it 's never going to be perfect . 
 pieces get left behind . 
 unexplainable beliefs that feel compelling and familiar . 
 vee ca n't remember what i did to her , but she knows not to trust me . 
 she ca n't remember rixon , but she knows there 's a guy out there who caused her a lot of grief . '' 
 it explained vee 's suspicion toward guys and my instant aversion to hank . 
 our minds might have been wiped clean , but a few crumbs got left behind . 
 `` might want to cut her some slack , '' patch suggested . 
 `` she has your back . 
 honesty is a good thing , but so is loyalty . '' 
 `` in other words , let her off the hook . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` your call . '' 
 vee had looked me in the eye and lied without reservation . 
 it was n't a light offense . 
 but the thing was , i knew how she felt . 
 she 'd had her memory tampered with , and it was n't a good feeling . 
 vulnerable did n't begin to describe it . 
 vee lied to protect me . 
 was i that different ? 
 i had n't told her a thing about fall en angels or nephilim , and i 'd used the same excuse . 
 i could either hold vee to a double standard , or i could take patch 's advice and let it go . 
 `` and my mom ? 
 going to vouch for her , too ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she thinks i had something to do with your abduction . 
 better me than hank , '' he said , his tone cooling . 
 `` if hank thought she knew the truth , he 'd do something about it . '' 
 he was putting it lightly . 
 i would n't put it past hank to hurt her if it meant getting what he wanted . 
 all the more reason to keep her in the dark ... for the time being . 
 i did n't want to feel a shred of empathy for hank , to humanize him in any way , but i found myself wondering what kind of man he 'd been when he first fell in love with my mom . 
 had he always been evil ? 
 or , in the beginning , had he cared about us ... and over time , he 'd built his entire world around his nephilim mission , and it had taken precedence ? 
 i abruptly ended my speculations . 
 hank was evil now , and that was what mattered . 
 he 'd kidnapped me , and i was going to make certain he was held accountable . 
 i said , `` you mean the arrest was never going to happen because rixon 's in hell now . '' 
 literally in hell , by the sound of it . 
 he confirmed this with a nod , but his eyes darkened a shade . 
 i supposed patch did n't like to talk about hell . 
 i doubted any fall en angel did . 
 `` in your memory , i saw you agree to spy on fall en angels for hank , '' i said . 
 patch nodded . 
 `` what they 're planning and when . 
 i meet weekly with hank to share information . '' 
 `` what if fall en angels find out you 're selling secrets behind their backs ? '' 
 `` i 'm hoping they do n't . '' 
 i was n't comforted by his casual attitude . 
 `` what would they do to you ? '' 
 `` i 've been in worse situations and managed to pull through . '' 
 the edges of his mouth tilted higher . 
 `` all this time and you still do n't have any faith in me . '' 
 `` could you be serious for two seconds ? '' 
 he leaned over and kissed my hand , and spoke to me with sincerity . 
 `` they 'd cast me into hell . 
 they 're supposed to let the archangels handle that , but it does n't always work that way . '' 
 `` explain , '' i said firmly . 
 he slouched back with a certain lazy arrogance . 
 `` humans are forbidden from killing each other ; it 's the law . 
 but people are murdered every day . 
 my world is n't much different . 
 for every law , there 's someone out there willing to break it . 
 i wo n't pretend to be innocent . 
 three months ago i chained rixon in hell , even though i had no authority other than my own sense of justice . '' 
 `` you chained rixon in hell ? '' 
 patch eyed me with curiosity . 
 `` he had to pay . 
 he tried to kill you . '' 
 `` scott told me about rixon , but he did n't know who chained him in hell , or how it was done . 
 i 'll let him know he has you to thank . '' 
 `` i 'm not interested in the half-breed 's gratitude . 
 but i can tell you how it 's done . 
 when the archangels banish a fall en angel from heaven and rip out his wings , they keep one feather for themselves . 
 the feather is meticulously filed and preserved . 
 if the occasion arises where a fall en angel needs to be chained in hell , the arch-angels retrieve his feather and burn it . 
 it 's a symbolic act with inescapable results . 
 the term ` burn in hell ' is n't a figure of speech . '' 
 `` you had one of rixon 's feathers ? '' 
 `` before he went behind my back , he was the closest thing i had to a brother . 
 i knew he had a feather , and i knew where he kept it . 
 i knew everything about him . 
 and because of it , i did n't give him an impersonal send-off . '' 
 though i suspected he meant to remain impassive , patch 's jaw contracted . 
 `` i dragged him down to hell and burned the feather in front of him . '' 
 his recounting of the story raised every hair on my scalp . 
 even if vee betrayed me so blatantly , i was n't sure i had it in me to make her suffer the way he had clearly made rixon suffer . 
 suddenly i understood why patch had taken the subject so personally . 
 breaking away from the gruesome picture patch had painted in my mind , i recalled the feather i 'd found in the cemetery . 
 `` are these feathers floating around everywhere ? 
 can anyone stumble across one ? '' 
 patch shook his head . 
 `` the archangels keep one feather on record . 
 a few fall en angels like rixon make it to earth with a feather or two intact . 
 when that happens , the fall en angel makes damn sure his feather does n't fall into the wrong hands . '' 
 the suggestion of a smile lifted the corners of his mouth . 
 `` and you thought we were n't sentimental . '' 
 `` what happens to the rest of the feathers ? '' 
 `` they rapidly deteriorate on the way down . 
 falling from heaven is n't a smooth ride . '' 
 `` what about you ? 
 any secret feathers locked away ? '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` plotting my downfall ? '' 
 i smiled back , despite the seriousness of the subject . 
 `` a girl 's got to keep her options open . '' 
 `` hate to disappoint , but no feathers . 
 i came to earth stripped nak * d. '' `` mm , '' i said as casually as i could , but i felt my face growing warm at the picture that one little word had planted in my brain . 
 naked thoughts were not good thoughts to have while i was locked away in patch 's ultrasecret , ultraswanky bedroom . 
 `` i like you in my bed , '' patch said . 
 `` i rarely pull down the covers . 
 i rarely sleep . 
 i could get used to this picture . '' 
 `` are you offering me a permanent place ? '' 
 `` already put a spare key in your pocket . '' 
 i patted my pocket . 
 sure enough , something small and hard was snug inside . 
 `` how charitable of you . '' 
 `` i 'm not feeling very charitable now , '' he said , holding my eyes , his voice deepening with a gravelly edge . 
 `` i missed you , angel . 
 not one day went by that i did n't feel you missing from my life . 
 you haunted me to the point that i began to believe hank had gone back on his oath and killed you . 
 i saw your ghost in everything . 
 i could n't escape you and i did n't want to . 
 you tortured me , but it was better than losing you . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me everything that night in the all ey with gabe ? 
 you were so angry . '' 
 i shook my head , remembering every caustic word he 'd directed at me . 
 `` i thought you hated me . '' 
 `` after hank released you , i spied on you to make sure you were okay , but i swore to end my involvement with you for your own safety . 
 i 'd made my decision and i thought i could deal with it . 
 i tried to convince myself there was nothing left for us . 
 but when i saw you that night in the all ey , my argument fell apart . 
 i wanted you to remember me the way i could n't stop thinking about you . 
 but you could n't . 
 i 'd made sure of it . '' 
 his gaze dropped to his hands , clasped loosely between his knees . 
 `` i owe you an apology , '' he said quietly . 
 `` hank erased your memory to keep you from remembering what he did to you , but i agreed to it . 
 i told him to erase it back far enough that you would n't remember me , either . '' 
 i snapped my eyes to patch 's . 
 `` you agreed to what ? '' 
 `` i wanted to give you your life back . 
 before fall en angels , before nephilim , before me . 
 i thought that was the only way you 'd get through the worst of what happened . 
 i do n't think either of us will deny that i 've complicated your life . 
 i 've tried to make it better , but things have n't always gone my way . 
 i thought it through and came to the difficult decision the best thing for your recovery and your future was for me to walk away . '' 
 `` patch - '' `` as for hank , i refused to watch him destroy you . 
 i refused to watch him ruin any chance you had at happiness by making you carry around those memories . 
 you 're right-he kidnapped you because he thought he could use you to control me . 
 he took you away at the end of june , and did n't bring you back until september . 
 every day during those months you were locked up and left by yourself . 
 even the most hardened soldiers can break in solitary confinement , and hank knew that was my greatest fear . 
 he demanded i show my willingness to spy for him , even though i 'd sworn an oath . 
 he dangled you over me every minute of those months . '' 
 patch 's eyes glittered with a hardened edge . 
 `` he 'll pay for that , and on my terms , '' he said in a low , deadly voice that sent a chil up my spine . 
 `` that night in the shed , he had us surrounded , '' he continued . 
 `` the only thing on my mind was keeping him from killing you on the spot . 
 if i 'd been alone in the shed , i would have fought . 
 i did n't trust you to handle a fight , and i 've regretted it ever since . 
 i could n't handle seeing you hurt , and it blinded me . 
 i underestimated everything you 've already been through and grown stronger because of . 
 hank knew that , and i played right into his hands . 
 `` i laid a deal on the table . 
 i told him i 'd be his spy if he 'd let you live . 
 he accepted , then called in his nephilim men to take you away . 
 i fought as hard as i could , angel . 
 they were mangled by the time they managed to drag you away . 
 i met hank four days later and offered to let him tear out my wings if he 'd release you . 
 it was the last thing i had to bargain with , and he agreed to hand you over , but the best i could get out of him was by the end of summer . 
 during the next three months , i searched tirelessly for you , but hank had planned for that as well . 
 he went to great lengths to keep your location secret . 
 i caught and tortured several of his men , but none of them could tell me where you were . 
 i 'd be surprised if hank told more than one or two handpicked men he assigned to make sure your basic needs were met . 
 `` a week before hank released you , he sent one of his nephilim messengers to find me . 
 the messenger smugly informed me that hank intended to erase your memory once he let you go , and did i have any objections ? 
 i wiped the smirk off his face . 
 then i dragged him , bloody and battered , to hank 's home . 
 `` we were waiting for hank when he left for work the next morning . 
 i told him if he wanted to avoid looking like his messenger , he would erase your memory far back enough that you 'd never have flashbacks . 
 i did n't want you to have a single memory of me , and i did n't want you waking up with nightmares of being locked up and completely alone for days on end . 
 i did n't want you screaming out in the night without knowing why . 
 i wanted to give you back as much of a life as i could . 
 i knew the only way to keep you safe was to keep you out of everything . 
 then i told hank to never lay eyes on you again . 
 i made it clear that if he crossed paths with you , i would hunt him down and mutilate his body beyond recognition . 
 and then i would find a way to kill him , no matter the cost . 
 i thought he was smart enough to hold up his end of the bargain until you told me he 's hooked up with your mom . 
 instinct tells me this is n't just about his amorous affections . 
 he 's up to something , and whatever it is , he 's using your mom , or more likely you , to accomplish it . '' 
 my heart pounded in double time . 
 `` that snake ! '' 
 patch laughed grimly . 
 `` i would have used a stronger word , but that works too . '' 
 how could hank do those things to me ? 
 obviously he 'd chosen not to love me , but he was still my father . 
 did n't blood mean anything ? 
 how did he have the audacity to look me in the eye these past few days and smile ? 
 he 'd ripped me away from my mom . 
 he 'd held me captive for weeks , and now he dared step inside my home and act as though he cared about my family ? 
 `` he has an endgame in all of this . 
 i do n't know what it is , but it ca n't be harmless . 
 instinct tells me he wants his plan put into motion before cheshvan . '' 
 patch 's eyes sliced to mine . 
 `` cheshvan begins in less than three weeks . '' 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , '' i said . 
 `` that you 're going after him alone . 
 but do n't rob me of the satisfaction of bringing him down . 
 i deserve that much . '' 
 patch hooked his elbow around my neck and pressed his lips fiercely to my forehead . 
 `` i would n't dream of it . '' 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 `` he 's had a head start , but i plan on evening the score . 
 your enemy 's enemy is your friend , and i have an old friend who might be useful to us . '' 
 something about the way he said `` friend '' implied that the person in question was anything but . 
 `` her name is dabria , and i think it 's time i gave her a call . '' 
 it seemed patch had decided his next move , and so had i. i swung out of bed and scooped up my shoes and pull over , which he 'd laid out on the dresser . 
 `` i ca n't stay here . 
 i have to go home . 
 i ca n't let hank use my mom this way and not tell her what 's going on . '' 
 patch let out a troubled sigh . 
 `` you ca n't tell her anything . 
 she wo n't believe you . 
 he 's doing the same thing to her that i did to vee . 
 even if she did n't want to trust him , she has to . 
 she 's under his influence , and for now , we have to leave it that way . 
 a little longer , until i can figure out what he 's planning . '' 
 my resentment boiled up , flaring at the very thought of hank controlling and manipulating my mom . 
 `` ca n't you march over there and tear him to shreds ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` he deserves a lot worse , but at least it would solve our problems . 
 and give me some satisfaction , '' i added bitterly . 
 `` we need to bring him down for good . 
 we do n't know who else is helping him and how far his plan extends . 
 he 's assembling a nephilim army to go against fall en angels , but he knows as well as i do that once cheshvan starts , no army is strong enough to defy an oath sworn under heaven . 
 fall en angels will sweep in by the droves and possess his men . 
 he must be planning something else . 
 but where do you fit in ? '' 
 he pondered aloud . 
 suddenly his eyes narrowed . 
 `` whatever he 's planning , it all hangs on information he needs from the archangel . 
 but to get her to talk , he needs an arch-angel 's necklace . '' 
 patch 's words seemed to smack me . 
 i 'd been so caught up in the rest of the night 's revelations , i 'd completely forgotten the hallucination of the caged girl , which i now knew was a real memory . 
 she was n't a girl , but an archangel . 
 patch sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , angel , i 'm getting ahead of myself . 
 let me explain . '' 
 but i cut him off . 
 `` i know about the necklace . 
 i saw the caged archangel in one of your memories . 
 and i 'm pretty sure she tried to tell me to make sure hank does n't get it , but at the time i thought i was hallucinating . '' 
 patch watched me in silence for a moment , then spoke . 
 `` she 's an archangel and powerful enough to insert herself into your conscious thought . 
 clearly she felt it necessary to warn you . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` because hank thinks i have your necklace . '' 
 `` you do n't have it . '' 
 `` try telling him that . '' 
 `` that 's what this is about , '' patch said slowly . 
 `` hank thinks i planted my necklace on you . '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 patch frowned , his dark eyes calculating . 
 `` if i take you home , can you face hank and convince him you 've got nothing to hide ? 
 i need you to make him believe nothing has changed . 
 this night never happened . 
 no one blames you if you are n't ready , least of all me . 
 but first i need to know you can handle this . '' 
 my answer to his question came without hesitation . 
 i could keep a secret , no matter how difficult , when the people i loved hung in the balance . 
 chapter 22 i set my foot heavy on the volkswagen 's gas pedal , hoping my route did n't intersect with a bored cop who had nothing better to do than slap my wrist . 
 i was on my way home , having left patch with great reluctance . 
 i had n't wanted to leave , but the thought of my mom alone with hank , a puppet under his influence , was unbearable . 
 even though i knew it was n't solid logic , i told myself my presence could protect her . 
 the alternative was giving in to hank , and i 'd die before i went there . 
 after dishonorably trying and failing to convince me to stay until a normal waking hour , patch had taken me to retrieve the volkswagen . 
 i did n't know what it said about the car that it managed to sit unscathed in the industrial district for several hours . 
 at the very least , i 'd expected the cd player to have been ripped out . 
 at the farmhouse , i jogged up the porch steps and let myself in quietly . 
 when i flipped on the kitchen light , i smothered a scream . 
 hank mill ar leaned against the counter , a glass of water dangling negligently between his fingers . 
 `` hello , nora . '' 
 i instantly threw up a shield , hiding evidence of my alarm . 
 i narrowed my eyes , hoping the gesture appeared annoyed . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he inclined his head toward the front door . 
 `` your mother had to run to the office . 
 some emergency hugo sprang on her at the last moment . '' 
 `` it 's five in the morning . '' 
 `` you know hugo . '' 
 no , but i know you , i wanted to say . 
 i briefly entertained the idea that hank had mind-tricked my mom into leaving so he could corner me alone . 
 but how could he have known when i 'd come home ? 
 still , i did n't discard the idea . 
 `` i thought it only polite to get up and start my day too , '' he said . 
 `` what would it say about me if i stayed in bed while your mother works ? '' 
 he did n't bother to hide that he 'd slept here . 
 as far as i knew , this was the first time . 
 it was one thing to manipulate my mom 's mind , but to sleep in her bed ... `` thought you had plans to sleep at your friend vee 's house . 
 party 's over so soon ? '' 
 hank asked . 
 `` or should i say , so late . '' 
 my pulse jumped with rage , and i had to bite back the angry words flying to my tongue . 
 `` i decided to sleep in my own bed . '' 
 take a hint . 
 a condescending smile hovered at his mouth . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` do n't believe me ? '' 
 i challenged . 
 `` no need to make excuses with me , nora . 
 i know there are very few reasons a young girl would feel compelled to lie about sleeping over at a friend 's house . '' 
 he chuckled , but it was n't a warm sound . 
 `` tell me . 
 who 's the lucky guy ? '' 
 a blond eyebrow arched , and he raised the glass to his lips , tipping back a drink . 
 my pulse was all over the place , but i put every ounce of conviction into faking an air of calm . 
 he was stabbing in the dark . 
 there was no way he could know i 'd been with patch . 
 the only way hank was going to confirm anything i 'd done last night was if i let him . 
 i gave him an incensed look . 
 `` actually , i was watching a movie with vee . 
 maybe marcie has a history of sneaking out with boys , but i think it 's safe to say i 'm not marcie . '' 
 too snide . 
 if i was going to get through this , i needed to back off slightly . 
 hank 's superior amusement did n't fade from his expression . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 `` yeah , really . '' 
 `` i called vee 's mother to check up on you , and she delivered shocking news . 
 you had n't stepped foot inside their house all night . '' 
 `` you checked up on me ? '' 
 `` i fear your mother is too lenient with you , nora . 
 i saw through your fib and thought i 'd take matters into my own hands . 
 i 'm glad we ran into each other , so we could have this little chat privately . '' 
 `` what i do is none of your business . '' 
 `` at the moment , true . 
 but if i marry your mother , all the old rules go out the window . 
 we 'll be a family . '' 
 he winked , but the effect was far more menacing than playful . 
 `` i run a tight ship , nora . '' 
 okay , try this on for size . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i was n't at vee 's . 
 i lied to my mom so i could go for a long , undisturbed drive in the country to clear my head . 
 something strange has been happening lately . '' 
 i tapped my head . 
 `` my amnesia is starting to clear . 
 the past several months do n't feel quite so vague . 
 i keep seeing one particular face over and over . 
 my kidnapper 's . 
 i do n't have enough detail to identify him yet , but it 's only a matter of time . '' 
 he held his face perfectly expressionless , but i thought i saw anger swell in his eyes . 
 that 's what i thought , you abominable prick . 
 `` trouble was , on my way back into town , my piece-of-junk car broke down . 
 i did n't want to get in trouble for driving around by myself late at night , so i called vee and asked her to cover for me . 
 i 've spent the past few hours trying to get my car to start . '' 
 he did n't flinch . 
 `` why do n't i have a look at it , then ? 
 if i ca n't figure out what 's wrong with it , i should n't be in the car business . '' 
 `` do n't bother . 
 i 'll take it to our mechanic . '' 
 in case he did n't catch the hint , i added , `` i need to get ready for school and i need to get some studying done . 
 i prefer peace and quiet . '' 
 his smile pinched at the corners . 
 `` if i did n't know better , i 'd think you were trying to get rid of me . '' 
 i gestured pointedly toward the front door . 
 `` i 'll call my mom and let her know you left . '' 
 `` and your car ? '' 
 my , my , he was being obstinate . 
 `` mechanic , remember ? '' 
 `` nonsense , '' he said , brushing me off easily . 
 `` no need to make your mother pay a mechanic when i can solve the problem . 
 car 's in the driveway , i presume ? '' 
 before i could stop him , he walked out the front door . 
 i followed him down the front porch steps with my heart in my throat . 
 positioning himself at the nose of the volkswagen , he rolled up his sleeves and reached expertly inside the front gril e . 
 the hood popped up and he propped it open . 
 i stood beside him , hoping patch had done a convincing job . 
 it had been his idea to have a backup plan , just in case vee 's story did n't hold . 
 since it looked like hank had overridden patch 's mind-trick by going straight to mrs. sky , i could n't be more grateful for his caution . 
 `` right here , '' hank said , pointing to a tiny fissure in one of the many black hoses coiled around the engine . 
 `` problem solved . 
 it 'll hold for a few more days , but it 's going to need fixing sooner rather than later . 
 bring it by the dealership later today and i 'll get my men on it . '' 
 when i said nothing , he added , `` i have to impress the daughter of the woman i intend to marry . '' 
 it was said lightly enough , but there was a sinister undertone . 
 `` oh , and nora ? '' 
 he called out after i 'd turned to go . 
 `` i 'm happy to keep this incident to ourselves , but for your mother 's sake , i wo n't tolerate more lies , regardless of your intentions . 
 fool me once ... '' without a word i walked inside , forcing myself not to hurry or glance back . 
 not that i needed to . 
 i could feel hank 's perceptive frown follow me all the way through the door . 
 a week passed without any word from patch . 
 i did n't know if he 'd found dabria , or if he was any closer to uncovering hank 's motivation for hanging around my family . 
 more than once i 'd had to stop myself from driving to delphic and using trial and error to track my way back to his granite studio . 
 i 'd agreed to wait for him to contact me , but i was beginning to kick myself for doing so . 
 i 'd made patch promise not to abandon me to the sidelines while he went after hank , but his promise was starting to look awfully flimsy . 
 even if he 'd hit nothing but dead ends , i wanted him to call because he missed me the way i was missing him . 
 could n't he be bothered to pick up the phone ? 
 scott also had n't resurfaced , and in keeping with his request , i had n't gone looking for him . 
 but if one or both did n't reach out soon , all bets were off . 
 the only thing distracting me from patch was school , but even it was n't doing a commendable job . 
 i 'd always considered myself a top-notch student , though i was starting to wonder why i bothered . 
 compared to the immediate need to deal with hank , getting into college felt like a secondary concern . 
 `` congratulations , '' cheri deerborn said as we strolled into second-hour english together . 
 i could n't figure out why she was smiling so widely . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` homecoming nominations were posted this morning . 
 you 're up for junior class attendant . '' 
 i just stared at her . 
 `` junior class attendant , '' she repeated , stressing each word individually . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` your name 's on the list . 
 ca n't be a misprint . '' 
 `` who would nominate me ? '' 
 she eyed me oddly . 
 `` anyone can nominate you , but they have to get at least fifty other people to sign the nomination form . 
 like a petition . 
 the more signatures the better . '' 
 `` i 'm going to kill vee , '' i muttered , as the only logical explanation presented itself . 
 i 'd taken patch 's advice and had n't called her out on lying to me , but this was inexcusable . 
 homecoming royalty ? 
 even patch could n't protect her now . 
 seated at my desk , i hid my cell phone beneath the desktop since our teacher , mr. sarraf , had a strict no-phone policy . 
 homecoming attendant ? 
 i texted to vee . 
 fortunately , the bell had n't rung yet , and she gave me a prompt reply . 
 just heard . 
 um ... congrats ? 
 ur so dead , i punched in . 
 excuse moi ? 
 u think i did this ? 
 `` better put that away , '' said a cheerful voice . 
 `` sarraf is squinting at you . '' 
 marcie mill ar dropped into the next desk over . 
 i knew we had english together , but she always sat in the back row with jon gala and addyson hales . 
 it was no secret mr. sarraf was practically blind , and they could do just about anything back there short of lighting up . 
 `` if he squints any harder , he 's going to give himself a brain hemorrhoid , '' marcie said . 
 `` brilliant , '' i said . 
 `` how do you come up with this stuff ? '' 
 missing my sarcasm , she sat taller with self-satisfaction . 
 `` i saw you made the homecoming ball ot , '' she said . 
 i said nothing . 
 the lilt of her voice did n't appear to be making fun , but eleven years ' worth of history between us implied differently . 
 `` who do you think will win male junior attendant ? '' 
 she kept on . 
 `` my bet 's on cameron ferria . 
 hopefully they 've dry-cleaned the royalty robes since last year . 
 i have it on good authority that kara darling left armpit sweat marks inside her robe . 
 what if you had to wear her old robe ? '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` if she did that to her robe , i 'd hate to see what she did to the tiara . '' 
 my mind unwillingly traveled back to the only homecoming i 'd attended . 
 vee and i had gone as freshmen . 
 we 'd been newly anointed high schoolers , and it only seemed appropriate to see what all the fuss was about . 
 at halftime , the booster club marched onto the field and announced the royalty , starting with the freshman attendants and ending with the senior class queen and king . 
 each member of the royalty had a robe in school colors placed on their shoulders and a crown or tiara shoved on their head . 
 then they took a victory lap around the track in golf carts . 
 high class , i know . 
 marcie won freshman attendant and soured any desire i had to attend another coronation . 
 `` i nominated you . '' 
 marcie flipped her hair off her shoulders , giving me the full wattage of her smile . 
 `` i was going to keep it a secret , but anonymity is n't my thing . '' 
 her words whipped me out of my reflection . 
 `` you did what ? '' 
 she tried on a sympathetic face . 
 `` i know you 're going through a rough period . 
 i mean , first the whole amnesia thing and '' - she dropped her voice to a whisper - `` i know about the hallucinations . 
 my dad told me . 
 he said i should be extra nice to you . 
 only i was n't sure how . 
 i thought and thought . 
 and then i saw the announcement about nominating this year 's homecoming royalty . 
 obviously everyone wanted to nominate me , but i told my friends we should nominate you instead . 
 i might have mentioned the hallucinations , and i might have exaggerated their severity . 
 you got ta play dirty to win . 
 good news is , we got over two hundred signatures , more than any other nominee ! '' 
 my mind reeled , tottering between incredulity and disgust . 
 `` you made me your charity project ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she squealed , clapping her hands daintily . 
 i bent across the aisle , pinning her with my most hardened and severe look . 
 `` go to the office and retract it . 
 i do n't want my name on the ball ot . '' 
 instead of looking wounded , marcie put her hands on her hips . 
 `` that would mess up everything . 
 they 've already printed the ball ots . 
 i peeked at the stack in the front office this morning . 
 do you want to be a paper waster ? 
 think of the trees that sacrificed their lives for those reams of paper . 
 and what 's more , screw the paper . 
 what about me ? 
 i went out of my way to do something nice , and you ca n't just reject that . '' 
 i tipped my neck back , glowering at the water stains on the ceiling . 
 why me ? 
 chapter 23 after school i found a note tacked to the front door : barn . 
 i stuffed the note into my pocket and headed to the backyard . 
 the split-rail fence at the edge of our property opened to a sprawling field . 
 a whitewashed barn was plunked down in the middle of it . 
 to this day , i was n't sure who the barn belonged to . 
 years ago vee and i had dreamed of turning it into a secret clubhouse . 
 our ambitions quickly died the first time we hauled open the doors to find a bat hanging from the rafters . 
 i had n't tried to enter the barn since , and even though i hoped i could say i was no longer terrified of small flying mammals , i found myself opening the door with great hesitation . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called in . 
 scott was stretched out on a weathered bench at the back of the barn . 
 upon my entrance , he pulled himself up to sitting . 
 `` you still mad at me ? '' 
 he asked , chewing a piece of wild grass . 
 if it were n't for the metal ica t-shirt and frayed jeans , he might have looked like he belonged seated behind the wheel of a tractor . 
 i skimmed the rafters . 
 `` did you see any bats when you came in ? '' 
 scott grinned . 
 `` scared of bats , grey ? '' 
 i dropped down on the bench beside him . 
 `` quit calling me grey . 
 it makes me sound like i 'm a boy . 
 like dorian gray . '' 
 `` dorian who ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` just think up something else . 
 plain old nora works too , you know . '' 
 `` sure thing , gumdrop . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` i take that back . 
 let 's stick with grey . '' 
 `` i came by to see if you have anything for me . 
 information on hank would be good . 
 do you think he knows it was us spying on his building that night ? '' 
 i was pretty sure hank did n't suspect us . 
 he had n't acted any creepier than usual , which , in retrospect , was n't saying much . 
 `` no , i think we 're clear . '' 
 `` that 's good , real good , '' scott said , twisting the black hand 's ring around his finger . 
 i was glad to see he had n't taken it off . 
 `` maybe i can come out of hiding earlier than i thought . '' 
 `` looks to me like you 're out of hiding now . 
 how did you know i 'd find your note on the front door before hank ? '' 
 `` hank 's at his dealership . 
 and i know when you get home from school . 
 do n't take this the wrong way , but i 've been checking up on you now and then . 
 i needed to know the best times to contact you . 
 by the way , your social life is pathetic . '' 
 `` speak for yourself . '' 
 scott laughed , but when i did n't join in , he nudged my shoulder . 
 `` you seem down , grey . '' 
 i heaved a sigh . 
 `` marcie mill ar nominated me for homecoming royalty . 
 voting happens this friday . '' 
 he gave me one of those complex handshakes that college fraternities use on tv . 
 `` well done , champ . '' 
 i gave him a look of pure disgust . 
 `` hey , now . 
 i thought girls loved this stuff . 
 shopping for a dress , getting your hair done , wearing the little crown thing on your head . '' 
 `` tiara . '' 
 `` yeah , tiara . 
 i knew that . 
 so what 's to hate ? '' 
 `` i feel stupid having my name on a ball ot with four other girls who are actually popular . 
 i 'm not going to win . 
 i 'm just going to look stupid . 
 people are already asking if it was a misprint . 
 and i do n't have a date . 
 i guess i could take vee . 
 marcie will come up with a hundred lesbian jokes , but worse things could happen . '' 
 scott spread his arms wide , as though the solution was obvious . 
 `` problem solved . 
 go with me . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , suddenly regretting bringing up the topic . 
 it was the last thing i wanted to talk about . 
 right now , denial seemed the only way to go . 
 `` you do n't even go to school , '' i reminded him . 
 `` is there a rule about that ? 
 girls at my old school in portland were always dragging their college boyfriends back to dances . '' 
 `` there 's not a rule , per se . '' 
 he considered briefly . 
 `` if you 're worried about the black hand , last time i checked , nephilim dictators do n't consider human high school dances a top priority . 
 he 'll never know i was there . '' 
 at the image of hank trolling the school gym , i could n't help but laugh . 
 `` you laugh , but you have n't seen me in a tux . 
 or maybe you do n't like broad-shouldered guys with muscular chests and washboard abs ? '' 
 i bit my lip to conquer another , harder laugh . 
 `` quit intimidating me . 
 you 're starting to make this sound like a role reversal of beauty and the beast . 
 we all know you 're beautiful , scott . '' 
 scott gave my knee an affectionate squeeze . 
 `` you 'll never hear me admit this again , so listen up . 
 you look good , grey . 
 on a scale from one to ten , you 're definitely in the top half . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 `` you 're not the kind of girl i would have chased after when i was in portland , but i 'm not the same guy i was back then either . 
 you 're a little too good for me , and let 's face it , a little too smart . '' 
 `` you 've got street smarts , '' i pointed out . 
 `` stop interrupting . 
 you 're going to make me lose my place . '' 
 `` you 've got this speech memorized ? '' 
 a smirk . 
 `` i 've got a lot of time on my hands . 
 as i was saying-hell . 
 i forgot where i was . '' 
 `` you were telling me i can rest assured that i 'm better-looking than half the girls at my school . '' 
 `` that was a figure of speech . 
 if you want to get technical , you 're better-looking than ninety percent . 
 give or take . '' 
 i laid a hand over my heart . 
 `` i 'm speechless . '' 
 scott got down on his knee and clasped my hand dramatically . 
 `` yes , nora . 
 yes , i 'll go to the homecoming dance with you . '' 
 i snorted down at him . 
 `` you are so full of yourself . 
 i never asked . '' 
 `` see ? 
 too smart . 
 anyway , what 's the big deal ? 
 you need a date , and while i might not be your number one choice , i 'll do . '' 
 a clear image of patch appeared in my thoughts , but i swept it aside . 
 logically , i knew there was no way scott could read my mind , but that did n't ease my guilt . 
 i was n't ready to tell him just yet that i was no longer working exclusively with him to bring down hank ; i 'd enrolled the help of my ex-boyfriend , who just so happened to be twice as resourceful , twice as dangerous , the embodiment of masculine perfection ... and a fall en angel . 
 hurting scott was the last thing i wanted . 
 quite unexpectedly , he 'd grown on me . 
 and while i found it odd that scott had suddenly decided complacency was the way to go with hank , i did n't have the heart to tell him he was n't allowed one night of fun . 
 as he 'd said , the homecoming dance would be the last thing on hank 's radar . 
 `` okay , okay , '' i said , giving him a playful jab to the shoulder . 
 `` it 's a date . '' 
 i put on a serious face . 
 `` but you 'd better not be exaggerating about how fine you look in a tux . '' 
 it was n't until later that night that i realized i 'd failed to tell scott about hank 's decoy building and the real nephilim safe house . 
 who would 've thought homecoming would weigh on my thoughts more heavily than stumbling inside a barracks of armed nephilim ? 
 it was times like this when having scott 's cell phone number would have come in really useful . 
 on second thought , i was n't sure scott had a cell . 
 phones were traceable . 
 at six i sat down to dinner with mom . 
 `` how was your day ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i can tell you it was absolutely fantastic , if you want , '' i said , chewing a bite of baked ziti . 
 `` oh dear . 
 did the volkswagen break down again ? 
 i thought it was very generous of hank to fix it , and i 'm sure he 'd offer to help out again , if you asked . '' 
 at my mom 's blind admiration of hank , i had to exhale slowly to regain my composure . 
 `` worse . 
 marcie nominated me for homecoming royalty . 
 worse yet , i made the ball ot . '' 
 mom lowered her fork . 
 she looked stunned . 
 `` are we talking about the same marcie ? '' 
 `` she said hank told her about the hallucinations , and she 's made me her new charity case . 
 i did n't tell hank about the hallucinations . '' 
 `` that would have been me , '' she said , blinking in surprise . 
 `` i ca n't believe he shared that information with marcie . 
 i distinctly remember telling him to keep it private . '' 
 she opened her mouth , then slowly closed it . 
 `` at least , i 'm almost positive i did . '' 
 she set down her utensils with a clink . 
 `` i swear old age is getting the better of me . 
 i ca n't seem to remember anything anymore . 
 please do n't blame hank . 
 i take full responsibility . '' 
 i could n't bear to see my mom lost and bewildered . 
 old age had nothing to do with her inability to remember . 
 i had no doubt in my mind that patch was right ; she was under hank 's influence . 
 i wondered if he was mind-tricking her day by day , or if he 'd instilled in her a general sense of obedience and loyalty . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' i murmured . 
 i had a piece of ziti poised on my fork , but i 'd lost my appetite . 
 patch had told me there was n't any use in trying to explain the truth to my mom-she would n't believe me-but that did n't keep me from wanting to scream out in frustration . 
 i was n't sure how much longer i could keep up the charade : eating , sleeping , smiling , as if nothing were wrong . 
 mom said , `` this must be why hank suggested you and marcie go dress shopping together . 
 i told him i 'd be very surprised if you had any desire to go to homecoming , but he must have known what marcie was planning . 
 of course , you 're under no obligation to go anywhere with marcie , '' she corrected in a rush . 
 `` i think it would be very big of you , but clearly hank does n't know how you feel about marcie . 
 i think he dreams of seeing our families get along . '' 
 she gave a miserable little laugh . 
 under the circumstances , i could n't bring myself to join her . 
 i did n't know how much of what she said was from the heart , and how much was dictated by hank 's mind-tricks . 
 but it was very clear that if she was thinking marriage , patch and i needed to work faster . 
 `` marcie cornered me after school and told me-yes , told me-we 're going dress shopping tonight . 
 like i had absolutely no say in the matter whatsoever . 
 but it 's all good . 
 vee and i have a plan . 
 i texted marcie and told her i could n't go shopping because i 'm out of money . 
 then i told her how sorry i was , because i was really looking forward to her input . 
 she texted back and said hank gave her his credit card and she was paying . '' 
 mom groaned in disapproval , but her eyes crinkled with amusement . 
 `` please tell me i raised you better than this . '' 
 `` i already picked out the dress i want , '' i said cheerfully . 
 `` i 'll get marcie to pay for it , and then vee will just happen to bump into us as we 're leaving the store . 
 i 'll take the dress , ditch marcie , and go out for doughnuts with vee . '' 
 `` what does the dress look like ? '' 
 `` vee and i found it at silk garden . 
 it 's an above-the-knee party dress . '' 
 `` what color ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to wait and see . '' 
 i smiled devilishly . 
 `` it 's one hundred and fifty dollars . '' 
 mom waved this off . 
 `` i 'd be surprised if hank even notices . 
 you should see how he burns through cash . '' 
 i settled higher in my chair , pleased with myself . 
 `` then i do n't suppose he 'll mind buying my shoes , too . '' 
 i was supposed to meet marcie at silk garden at seven . 
 silk garden was a boutique dress shop on the corner of asher and tenth . 
 from the outside it resembled a chateau , with an oak-and-iron door and a cobblestone walk . 
 the trees were wrapped in blue decorative lights . 
 in the front windows , mannequins modeled dresses beautiful enough to eat . 
 when i was little , my dreams of grandeur included becoming a princess and claiming silk garden as my castle . 
 at twenty past seven , i paced the parking lot , scouting for marcie 's car . 
 marcie drove a red toyota 4runner , fully loaded . 
 somehow i got the feeling her shifter never popped out of its socket . 
 i doubted she 'd ever had to smack her dashboard for ten minutes straight before the engine caught . 
 and i was willing to bet her ride never broke down halfway to school . 
 i cast a gloomy look in the direction of the volkswagen and sighed . 
 a red 4runner swerved into the parking lot , and marcie jumped out . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' she said , throwing her handbag up her shoulder . 
 `` my dog did n't want me to leave . '' 
 `` your dog ? '' 
 `` boomer . 
 dogs are people too , you know . '' 
 i saw my chance . 
 `` no worries . 
 i already looked around inside . 
 picked out my dress , too . 
 we can make this real quick , and you can get back to boomer . '' 
 her face fell . 
 `` what about my input ? 
 you said you valued my opinion . '' 
 i pretty much just value your dad 's credit card . 
 `` yeah , about that . 
 i had every intention of waiting for you , but then i saw the dress . 
 it spoke to me . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes , marcie . 
 the heavens opened and angels sang ` hall elujah . ' '' 
 in my mind , i smacked my head against a wall . 
 `` show me the dress , '' she directed . 
 `` you realize you have a warm skin tone , right ? 
 the wrong color is going to wash you out . '' 
 inside , i walked marcie over to the dress . 
 it was a party dress with an all-over green-and-navy tartan print and a ruched skirt . 
 the saleslady had said it made my legs stand out . 
 vee said it made me look like i actually had a chest . 
 `` ew , '' marcie said . 
 `` tartan ? 
 too schoolgirl . '' 
 `` well , it 's the one i want . '' 
 she flipped through the rack , grabbing one in my size . 
 `` maybe it will look better on . 
 but i do n't think i 'll change my mind . '' 
 i carted the dress back to the fitting room with a bounce in my step . 
 this was the dress . 
 marcie could huff all night ; she was n't going to change my mind . 
 i shucked off my jeans and shimmied into the dress . 
 i could n't get the zipper up . 
 i twisted the dress around and looked at the tag . 
 size four . 
 maybe an honest mistake , maybe not . 
 to give marcie the finger , i stuffed the fat at my midsection into the dress . 
 for a minute , it looked like it might work . 
 then reality set in . 
 `` marcie ? '' 
 i called through the drape . 
 `` mmm ? '' 
 i passed the dress out to her . 
 `` wrong size . '' 
 `` too big ? '' 
 her voice was laced with an overkil of naivete . 
 i blew hair off my face to keep from saying something cynical . 
 `` a size six will do , thank you very much . '' 
 `` oh . 
 too small . '' 
 it was a good thing i was in my underwear , or i 'd have been tempted to march out and slug her . 
 a minute later marcie pushed a size six through the drapes . 
 on its heels , she passed in a floor-length red number . 
 `` not to sway the vote , but i think red is the way to go . 
 more glam . '' 
 i hung the red dress on the hook , stuck my tongue out at it , and zipped myself into the tartan party dress . 
 i twirled in front of the mirror and mouthed a silent squeal . 
 i imagined myself descending the farmhouse stairs on homecoming night while scott looked on from below . 
 all of a sudden i was n't picturing scott . 
 patch leaned on the banister , dressed in a tailored black suit and silver tie . 
 i gave him a flirty smile . 
 he held out his arm and escorted me to the door . 
 he smelled warm and earthy , like sun-baked sand . 
 unable to control myself , i grabbed his jacket lapels and hauled him into a kiss . 
 `` i could get you to smile like that , and without sales tax . '' 
 i whirled around to find the real patch standing in the fitting room behind me . 
 he was wearing jeans and a snug white tee . 
 his arms were folded loosely over his chest , and his black eyes smiled down at me . 
 heat that was n't entirely uncomfortable flushed through my body . 
 `` i could make all kinds of pervert jokes right now , '' i quipped . 
 `` i could tell you how much i like you in that dress . '' 
 `` how did you get in ? '' 
 `` i move in mysterious ways . '' 
 `` god moves in mysterious ways . 
 you move like lightning-here one moment , gone the next . 
 how long have you been standing there ? '' 
 i would die of mortification if he 'd watched me try to cram myself into a size four . 
 not to mention watching me strip down ! 
 `` i would have knocked , but i did n't want to linger outside and risk marcie . 
 hank ca n't know you and i are back in business . '' 
 i tried not to overanalyze what `` back in business '' meant . 
 `` i have news , '' patch said . 
 `` i reached out to dabria . 
 she 's agreed to help us run interference on hank , but first i need to come clean . 
 dabria is more than an old acquaintance . 
 we knew each other before i fell . 
 it was a relationship of convenience , but not too long ago , she caused you a fair share of inconvenience . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` which is a nice way of saying she tried to kill you . '' 
 oh boy . 
 `` she 's over her jealousy , but i wanted you to know , '' he finished . 
 `` well , now i know , '' i said a little tartly . 
 i was n't especially proud of my sudden insecurity , but could n't he have told me this before he called her ? 
 `` how do we know she 's not going to play assassin again ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i took out an insurance policy . '' 
 `` sounds vague . '' 
 `` have a little faith . '' 
 `` what does she look like ? '' 
 and now i 'd stooped from plain old insecure to superficial . 
 `` stringy , unwashed hair , doughy around the middle , unibrow . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` satisfied ? '' 
 i wondered if that translated into curvy and gorgeous with the brains of an astrophysicist . 
 `` have you met with her in person yet ? '' 
 `` wo n't be necessary . 
 what i want from her is n't complicated . 
 before she fell , dabria was an angel of death and could see the future . 
 she claims she still has the gift and makes decent money at it from , believe it or not , her nephilim clients . '' 
 i figured out where he was going with this . 
 `` she 's going to keep her ear to the ground . 
 she 's going to eavesdrop on her clients and see what pops up on hank . '' 
 `` good work , angel . '' 
 `` how does dabria expect to be paid ? '' 
 `` let me handle that . '' 
 i stood hands on hips . 
 `` wrong answer , patch . '' 
 `` dabria has no interest in me anymore . 
 she 's motivated by cold , hard cash . '' 
 he closed the space between us , running his finger affectionately along the inside of my necklace . 
 `` and i 'm not interested in her anymore . 
 i 've set my eyes elsewhere . '' 
 i steered clear of his hand , knowing full well the seductive power his touch had of erasing even my most important trains of thought . 
 `` can she be trusted ? '' 
 `` i 'm the one who ripped out her wings when she fell . 
 i have one of her feathers for safekeeping , and she knows it . 
 unless she wants to spend the rest of eternity keeping rixon company , she 's going to be motivated to stay on my good side . '' 
 the insurance policy . 
 bingo . 
 his lips grazed mine . 
 `` i ca n't stay long . 
 i 'm working a few other leads , and i 'll get back to you if they pan out . 
 will you be home tonight ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said hesitantly , `` but are n't you worried about hank ? 
 these days , he 's about as permanent in my house as a light fixture . '' 
 `` i can work around him , '' he said with a mysterious gleam in his eyes . 
 `` i 'll be coming in through your dreams . '' 
 i cocked my head , evaluating him . 
 `` is this a joke ? '' 
 `` for it to work , you have to be open to the idea . 
 we 're off to a promising start . '' 
 i waited for the punch line , but it quickly dawned on me that he was dead serious . 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 i asked skeptically . 
 `` you dream , and i insert myself into it . 
 do n't try to block me , and we 'll be good to go . '' 
 i wondered if i should tell him i had a stel ar track record of not blocking him when it came to my dreams . 
 `` one last thing , '' he said . 
 `` i have it on good authority that hank knows scott is in town . 
 i would n't think twice about it if he were caught , but i know he means something to you . 
 tell him to keep his head down . 
 hank does n't think highly of deserters . '' 
 once again , having a legitimate way to reach scott would be useful . 
 on the other side of the drape , i heard marcie arguing with a saleslady . 
 probably over something as trivial as a smidgen of dust on the full-length mirrors . 
 `` does marcie know what her dad really is ? '' 
 `` marcie lives in a bubble , but hank keeps threatening to pop it . '' 
 he inclined his head at my dress . 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 `` homecoming , '' i said , twirling . 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` last i heard , homecoming requires a date . '' 
 `` about that , '' i hedged . 
 `` i 'm sort of ... going with scott . 
 we both figure a high-school dance is the last place hank will be patrolling . '' 
 patch smiled , but it was tight . 
 `` i take that back . 
 if hank wants to shoot scott , he has my blessing . '' 
 `` we 're just friends . '' 
 he tipped my chin up and kissed me . 
 `` keep it that way . '' 
 he unhooked his aviator sunglasses from his shirt and slid them over his eyes . 
 `` do n't tell scott i did n't warn him . 
 i have to roll , but i 'll be in touch . '' 
 he ducked out . 
 and he was gone . 
 chapter 24 after patch left , i decided it was time to stop playing princess and change back into my ordinary clothes . 
 i 'd just tugged my shirt over my head when i knew something was n't right . 
 and then it hit me . 
 my handbag was gone . 
 i looked under the plush bench , but it was n't there . 
 even though i was almost positive i had n't hung it on a hook , i looked behind the red dress . 
 shoving my feet into my shoes , i flung back the drape and hustled out to the main store area . 
 i found marcie tearing her way through a rack of push-up bras . 
 `` have you seen my handbag ? '' 
 she paused long enough to say , `` you took it into the dressing room with you . '' 
 a saleslady bustled over . 
 `` was it a brown leather saddlebag ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` i just saw a man leaving the store with it . 
 he came in without saying a word , and i assumed he was your father . '' 
 she touched her head , frowning . 
 `` in fact , i could have sworn he said he was ... but maybe i imagined the whole thing . 
 the whole moment felt so strange . 
 my head feels fuzzy . 
 i ca n't explain it . '' 
 a mind-trick , i thought . 
 she added , `` he had gray hair and was wearing an argyle sweater ... . '' 
 `` which way did he go ? '' 
 i cut her off . 
 `` out the front doors , heading toward the parking lot . '' 
 i ran outside . 
 i could hear marcie on my heels . 
 `` do you think this is a good idea ? '' 
 she panted . 
 `` i mean , what if he has a gun ? 
 what if he 's mentally unstable ? '' 
 `` what kind of man steals a purse from under a dressing room door ? '' 
 i demanded out loud . 
 `` maybe he was desperate . 
 maybe he needed cash . '' 
 `` then he should have taken your bag ! '' 
 `` everyone knows silk garden is posh , '' marcie rationalized . 
 `` he probably figured he 'd score big no matter which bag he grabbed . '' 
 what i could n't tell marcie was that he was most likely either nephilim or a fall en angel . 
 and instinct told me he was motivated by something bigger than a potential handful of cash . 
 we ran into the parking lot just as a black sedan backed out of a parking space . 
 the glare of its headlights made it impossible to see behind the windshield . 
 the engine revved and the car gunned toward us . 
 marcie yanked on my sleeve . 
 `` move , you idiot ! '' 
 tires squealing , the car floored past us onto the street . 
 the driver ran the stop sign , switched off his lights , and vanished into the night . 
 `` did you see what kind of car it was ? '' 
 asked marcie . 
 `` an audi a6 . 
 i got a partial on the license plate . '' 
 marcie appraised me up and down . 
 `` not bad , tiger . '' 
 i gave her a look of pure irritation . 
 `` not bad ? 
 he got away with my handbag ! 
 do n't you find it a little odd that a guy who drives a flashy audi needs to steal handbags ? 
 my handbag in particular ? '' 
 which begged the question , what did an immortal want with my handbag ? 
 `` was it designer ? '' 
 `` try target ! '' 
 marcie hitched her shoulders . 
 `` well , that was exciting . 
 what now ? 
 drop it and get back to shopping ? '' 
 `` i 'm calling the police . '' 
 thirty minutes later a patrol car pulled to the curb in front of silk garden and detective basso swung out . 
 suddenly i wished i 'd taken marcie 's advice and dropped the whole thing . 
 my night had just gone from bad to worse . 
 marcie and i were inside , pacing by the windows , and detective basso came in and found us . 
 his eyes showed initial surprise upon seeing me , and when he ran his hand over his mouth , i was pretty sure it was to hide a smile . 
 `` someone stole my handbag , '' i informed him . 
 `` walk me through this , '' he said . 
 `` i went into the fitting room to try on homecoming dresses . 
 when i finished , i noticed my handbag was n't on the floor where i 'd left it . 
 i came out , and the saleslady told me she 'd seen a man running off with it . '' 
 `` he had gray hair and an argyle sweater , '' the saleslady offered helpfully . 
 `` any credit cards in the purse ? '' 
 detective basso asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` cash ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` total value of missing items ? '' 
 `` seventy-five dollars . '' 
 the handbag had cost only twenty , but standing in line for two hours to get a new driver 's license had to be worth at least fifty . 
 `` i 'll file a report , but there 's not a lot we can do . 
 best-case scenario , the guy ditches the bag and someone turns it in . 
 worst case , you buy yourself a new bag . '' 
 marcie linked her arm through mine . 
 `` look on the bright side , '' she said , patting my hand . 
 `` you lost a cheap bag , but you 're getting a swanky dress . '' 
 she handed me a dress bag with the silk garden logo . 
 `` it 's all taken care of . 
 you can thank me later . '' 
 i peered inside the bag . 
 the floor-length red gown hung neatly inside . 
 i was in my bedroom , and i was forking down a piece of chocolate cake . 
 i was evil-eyeing the red dress , which i 'd hung on the closet door . 
 i had n't tried it on yet , but i had the distinct vision that i was going to look eerily like jessica from who framed roger rabbit . 
 minus the d cups . 
 i brushed my teeth , splashed water on my face , and dabbed on eye cream . 
 saying good night to my mom , i padded down the hall to my bedroom , buttoned myself into a cute pair of flannel pj 's from victoria 's secret , and cut the lights . 
 taking patch 's advice , i cleared my mind and prepared for sleep . 
 patch said he could come inside my dreams , but i had to be open to the idea . 
 i was a little bit skeptical , a little bit hopeful . 
 and not the least bit opposed . 
 after the night i 'd had , the only thing i could imagine making me feel better was having patch take me into his arms . 
 better in a dream than not at all . 
 lying in bed , i reflected on my day , letting my subconscious twist the memories into phantoms of dreams . 
 my mind toyed with bits of dialogue , flashes of color . 
 suddenly i was standing in the dressing room at silk garden with patch . 
 only in this version , he had his fingers hooked in the belt loops of my jeans and my fingers were mussing up his hair . 
 our mouths were an inch apart , and i could feel the warmth of his breath . 
 the dream had almost towed me under completely when i felt my blankets being dragged off my body . 
 i sat up to find patch standing over my bed . 
 he was wearing the same jeans and white tee i 'd seen him in earlier , and he balled up my blankets , tossing them aside . 
 a smile lit his eyes . 
 `` sweet dreams ? '' 
 i looked around . 
 everything in my room was just as it should be . 
 the door was shut , the night-light on . 
 my clothes were draped over the rocking chair where i 'd left them , and the jessica rabbit dress still hung from the closet door . 
 despite no visible evidence , something felt ... not quite right . 
 `` is this real , '' i asked patch , `` or a dream ? '' 
 `` dream . '' 
 i gave an appreciative laugh . 
 `` wow . 
 could 've fooled me . 
 it 's so real . '' 
 `` most dreams are . 
 it is n't until you wake up that you see all the plot holes . '' 
 `` talk me through this . '' 
 `` i 'm in the landscape of your dream . 
 imagine that your subconscious and mine walked through a door you created in your mind . 
 we 're in the room together , but it 's not a physical place . 
 the room is imagined , but our thoughts are n't . 
 you decided the setting and the clothes you 're wearing , and you decide everything you say . 
 but since i 'm actually in the dream with you , as opposed to a version of myself that you dreamed up , the things i say and do are n't the work of your imagination . 
 i control those things . '' 
 i was pretty sure i understood enough to get by . 
 `` are we safe here ? '' 
 `` if you 're asking if hank will spy on us , no , most likely not . '' 
 `` but if you can do this , what 's stopping him from doing it ? 
 i know he 's nephilim , and unless i 'm way off here , it seems like fall en angels and nephilim have a lot of the same powers . '' 
 `` until i tried invading your dreams a few months ago , i did n't know much about how the process works . 
 i 've since learned it requires a strong connection between both subjects . 
 i also know the dreaming subject has to be deep under . 
 the timing can get tricky and requires patience . 
 if you invade too early , the subject will wake up . 
 if two angels , or nephilim , or any combination of the two , invade a dream at the same time , pushing and pulling with their own agendas , the dreamer is far more likely to wake up . 
 whether or not you like it , hank has a strong connection to you . 
 but if he has n't tried invading your dreams yet , i do n't think he 'll start this late in the game . '' 
 `` how did you learn all of this ? '' 
 `` trial and error . '' 
 he hesitated , as though meaning to tread carefully with his next words . 
 `` i also got a little outside help from a fall en angel who recently fell . 
 unlike me , she had a strong grasp on angel law before she fell . 
 i would n't be surprised if she has the book of enoch , a tome about the history of angels , memorized . 
 i knew if anyone had answers , she did . 
 after a little arm-twisting , she told me . '' 
 his face was a mask of indifference . 
 `` she meaning dabria . '' 
 my heart gave an unpleasant twist . 
 i did n't want to be jealous of patch 's ex-obviously i understood there was no way he did n't have some kind of romantic history-but i felt an overpowering aversion to dabria . 
 maybe residual anger-she had tried to kill me . 
 or maybe instinct telling me she would n't hesitate to betray us again . 
 `` so you met her in person after all ? '' 
 i asked accusingly . 
 `` we ran into each other today , and while i had her , i decided to get to the bottom of a few questions that have been weighing on my mind . 
 i 've been looking for a way to communicate with you undetected , and i was n't going to waste the opportunity that she might provide answers . '' 
 i hardly heard him . 
 `` why did she track you down ? '' 
 `` she did n't say , and it 's not important . 
 we got what we wanted , and that 's what i care about . 
 we now have a private form of communication . '' 
 `` did she still look doughy around the middle ? '' 
 patch rolled his eyes . 
 i was acutely aware that he 'd dodged my question . 
 `` has she been to your studio ? '' 
 `` this is starting to feel like twenty questions , angel . '' 
 `` in other words , she has . '' 
 `` no , she has n't , '' patch answered patiently . 
 `` can we be done talking about dabria ? '' 
 `` when do i get to meet her ? '' 
 and tell her to keep her hands off . 
 patch scratched his cheek , but i thought i saw his mouth twitch . 
 `` probably not a good idea . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? 
 you do n't think i can handle myself , do you ? 
 thanks for the vote of confidence ! '' 
 i said , seething at him and my own stupid insecurities . 
 `` i think dabria is a narcissist and an egomaniac . 
 best to stay away . '' 
 `` maybe you should take your own advice ! '' 
 i started to whirl away , but patch hooked my arm and brought me around to face him . 
 he pressed his forehead to mine . 
 i started to pull away , but he laced his fingers through mine , effectively trapping me against him . 
 `` what do i have to do to convince you i 'm using dabria for one thing , and one thing only : to break down hank , piece by piece if i have to , and make him pay for everything he 's done to hurt the girl i love ? '' 
 `` i do n't trust dabria , '' i said , still clinging to some of my indignation . 
 he shut his eyes , and i thought i heard the softest of sighs . 
 `` finally something we agree on . '' 
 `` i do n't think we should use her , even if she can get to hank 's inner circle faster than you or me . '' 
 `` if we had more time , or another option , i 'd jump on it . 
 but for now , she 's our best chance . 
 she wo n't double-cross me . 
 she 's too smart . 
 she 'll take the cash i 'm offering and walk away , even if it hurts her pride . '' 
 `` i do n't like it . '' 
 i snuggled into patch , and even in the dream , the warmth of his body effectively cast away any lingering chill . 
 `` but i trust you . '' 
 he kissed me , long and reassuring . 
 `` something strange happened tonight , '' i said . 
 `` someone stole my handbag from the dressing room at silk garden . '' 
 patch immediately frowned . 
 `` this happened after i left ? '' 
 `` either that , or right before you came . '' 
 `` did you see who took it ? '' 
 `` no , but the saleslady said he was male and old enough to be my father . 
 she let him stroll right out with it , but i think he may have mind-tricked her . 
 do you think it 's a coincidence that an immortal stole my handbag ? '' 
 `` i do n't think anything is a coincidence . 
 what did marcie see ? '' 
 `` apparently nothing , even though the shop was practically empty . '' 
 i gauged his eyes , cool and calculating . 
 `` you think marcie was involved , do n't you ? '' 
 `` hard to believe she did n't see something . 
 it 's starting to feel like the whole night was a setup . 
 when you went into the dressing room , she could have placed a call , letting the thief know it was safe to come in . 
 she could have seen your bag underneath the drape , and walked him through the theft step by step . '' 
 `` why would she want my bag ? 
 unless - '' i stopped . 
 `` she thought i was carrying the necklace hank wants , '' i realized . 
 `` he 's roped her into this . 
 she was playing fetch for him . '' 
 patch 's mouth was set in a grim line . 
 `` he 's not beneath putting his daughter in harm 's way . '' 
 his eyes flickered to mine . 
 `` he proved that with you . '' 
 `` are you still convinced marcie does n't know what hank really is ? '' 
 `` she does n't know . 
 not yet . 
 hank could have lied to her about why he needed the necklace . 
 he could have told her it belongs to him , and she would n't ask questions . 
 marcie is n't the type to ask questions . 
 if she sees a target , she turns into a pit bull . '' 
 pit bull . 
 tell me about it . 
 `` there 's one more thing . 
 i got a look at the car before the thief drove away . 
 it was an audi a6 . '' 
 from the look in his eyes , i knew the information meant something to him . 
 `` hank 's right-hand man , a nephil named blakely , drives an audi . '' 
 a shiver chased up my spine . 
 `` i 'm starting to get a little freaked out . 
 he obviously thinks he can use the necklace to force the archangel to talk . 
 what does he need her to tell him ? 
 what does she know that he 'd risk the retaliation of the archangels for ? '' 
 `` and this close to cheshvan , '' patch murmured , a look of distraction clouding his eyes . 
 `` we could try to break the archangel out , '' i suggested . 
 `` that way , even if hank gets a necklace , he wo n't have an archangel . '' 
 `` i 'd thought of that , but we 're facing two big problems . 
 first , the archangel trusts me even less than hank , and if she sees me anywhere near her cage , she 's going to make a lot of racket . 
 second , hank 's warehouse is crawling with his men . 
 i 'd need my own army of fall en angels to go against them , and i 'm going to have a hard time talking fall en angels into helping me rescue an archangel . '' 
 our conversation seemed to dead-end there , and we both contemplated our slim list of options in silence . 
 `` what happened to the other dress ? '' 
 patch asked at last . 
 i followed his gaze to the jessica rabbit gown . 
 i heaved a sigh . 
 `` marcie thought i 'd look better in red . '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` i think marcie and dabria would be instant friends . '' 
 patch laughed low , the sound of it tingling my skin as seductively as if he 'd kissed it . 
 `` do you want my opinion ? '' 
 `` might as well , since everyone else seems to have weighed in . '' 
 he sat on my bed , leaning back nonchalantly on his elbows . 
 `` try it on . '' 
 `` it 's probably a little snug , '' i said , suddenly feeling conspicuous . 
 `` marcie tends to buy down when it comes to sizing . '' 
 he merely smiled . 
 `` it has a slit up the thigh . '' 
 his smile deepened . 
 locking myself in my closet , i tugged on the dress . 
 it moved like liquid over every curve . 
 the slit fell open halfway up my thigh , exposing my leg . 
 stepping out into the low light , i swept my hair off my neck . 
 `` zip it up ? '' 
 patch 's eyes made a slow assessment of me , sharpening to vivid black . 
 `` i 'm going to have a hard time sending you off with scott in that dress . 
 just a heads-up : if you come home and the dress looks even slightly tampered with , i will track scott down , and when i find him , it wo n't be pretty . '' 
 `` i 'll relay the message . '' 
 `` if you tell me where he 's hiding , i 'll relay it myself . '' 
 i had to work not to smile . 
 `` something tells me your message would be a lot more direct . '' 
 `` let 's just say he 'd get the point . '' 
 patch took my wrist and reeled me in for a kiss , but something was n't right . 
 his face grew hazy at the edges , dissolving into the background . 
 when his lips met mine , i hardly felt it . 
 worse , i felt myself pulling away from him like a piece of tape peeling back from glass . 
 patch noticed it too and swore under his breath . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's the half-breed , '' he growled . 
 `` scott ? '' 
 `` he 's knocking at your bedroom window . 
 any second now , you 're going to wake up . 
 is this the first time he 's come prowling around at night ? '' 
 i thought it might be safer not to answer . 
 patch was in my dream and could n't do anything rash , but that did n't mean it was a good idea to stir up the competition between them any further . 
 `` we 'll finish this tomorrow ! '' 
 was all i had time to say before the dream , and patch , swirled into the recesses of my mind . 
 the dream snapped apart , and sure enough , scott stood in my bedroom , closing the window behind him . 
 `` rise and shine , '' he said . 
 i groaned . 
 `` scott , you have to stop this . 
 i have school first thing tomorrow . 
 plus , i was in the middle of a really good dream , '' i grumbled as an afterthought . 
 `` about me ? '' 
 he said , flashing a cocky smile . 
 i simply said , `` this better be good . '' 
 `` better than good . 
 i got a gig playing bass for a band called serpentine . 
 we 're opening at the devil 's handbag next weekend . 
 band members get two free tickets , and you 're one of the lucky recipients . '' 
 with a flourish , he threw down two tickets on my bed . 
 i was growing more awake by the second . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 you ca n't be in a band ! 
 you 're supposed to be hiding from hank . 
 going to the dance with me is one thing , but this is taking things too far . '' 
 his smile died , his expression souring . 
 `` i thought you 'd be happy for me , grey . 
 i 've spent the past couple months hiding . 
 now i 'm living in a cave and scavenging for food , which is getting harder and harder to find with winter coming . 
 i have to force myself into the ocean three times a week for a bath , and i spend the rest of the day shivering by the fire . 
 i have no tv , no cell . 
 i 'm completely cut off . 
 you want the truth ? 
 i 'm sick of hiding . 
 living on the run is n't living . 
 i might as well be dead . '' 
 he stroked the black hand 's ring , still snug around his finger . 
 `` i 'm glad you talked me into wearing this again . 
 i have n't felt this alive in months . 
 if hank tries anything , he 's going to be in for a big surprise . 
 my powers have intensified . '' 
 i kicked out of my blankets and stood up to him . 
 `` scott , hank knows you 're in town . 
 he 's got his men searching for you . 
 you have to stay hidden until-cheshvan at least , '' i threw out , believing hank 's interest in scott would wane once his full plans , whatever they were , unfolded . 
 `` i keep telling myself that , but what if he 's not ? '' 
 he remarked blandly . 
 `` what if he 's forgotten about me and all this is for nothing ? '' 
 `` i know he 's looking for you . '' 
 `` did you hear him say it ? '' 
 he asked , calling my bluff . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 given his current state , i could n't bring myself to tell him where the information had come from . 
 scott would n't take patch 's advice seriously . 
 and then i 'd have to explain why i was mixed up with patch in the first place . 
 `` a reliable source told me . '' 
 he wagged his head back and forth . 
 `` you 're trying to scare me . 
 i appreciate the gesture , '' he said cynically , `` but i 've made up my mind . 
 i 've thought this over , and whatever happens , i can face it . 
 a few months of freedom is better than a lifetime in prison . '' 
 `` you ca n't let hank find you , '' i insisted . 
 `` if he does , he 'll put you in one of his reinforced prisons . 
 he 'll torture you . 
 you have to ride this out a little longer . 
 please , '' i begged . 
 `` just a few more weeks ? '' 
 `` screw it . 
 i 'm out of here . 
 i 'm playing at the devil 's handbag whether you come or not . '' 
 i did n't understand scott 's sudden blase attitude . 
 up until now , he 'd been meticulous about staying away from hank . 
 now he was putting his neck on the line for something as trivial as a high-school dance ... and now a gig ? 
 a horrible thought struck me . 
 `` scott , you said the black hand 's ring connects you to him . 
 is there any way it 's drawing you closer to him ? 
 maybe the ring does more than give you heightened powers . 
 maybe it 's some kind of-beacon . '' 
 scott snorted . 
 `` the black hand is n't going to catch me . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 and if you keep up that attitude , he 's going to catch you sooner than you think , '' i said gently but firmly . 
 i reached for his arm , but he drew away . 
 he ducked out the window , slamming it shut behind him . 
 chapter 25 it was friday , and voting for homecoming royalty was scheduled to take place during lunch . 
 at the moment , i was sitting in health , watching the clock inch toward the dismissal bell . 
 instead of worrying that hundreds of people i had to spend the next two years of my life with might burst into hysterics upon seeing my name on the ball ot , and in less than ten minutes ' time , i concentrated on scott . 
 i needed to find a way to talk him back inside the cave through cheshvan , and as a precaution , i needed a way to get him to take off the black hand 's ring . 
 if that did n't work , i needed a way to contain him . 
 i vaguely wondered if i could recruit patch 's help . 
 surely he knew of several good places to detain a nephil , but would he trouble himself over scott ? 
 and even if i managed to talk patch into cooperating , how would i ever earn back scott 's trust ? 
 he 'd view it as the ultimate betrayal . 
 i could n't even reason with him that it was for his own safety-he 'd made it clear last night that he no longer valued his life . 
 i 'm sick of hiding . 
 i might as well be dead . 
 in the middle of my thoughts , the intercom above miss jarbowski 's desk buzzed . 
 the secretary 's voice came through , carefully measured . 
 `` miss jarbowski ? 
 pardon the interruption . 
 would you please send nora grey to the attendance office ? '' 
 a touch of sympathy crept into her tone . 
 miss jarbowski tapped her foot impatiently , apparently not appreciating being cut off midsentence . 
 she flicked her hand in my direction . 
 `` take your things , nora . 
 i do n't think you 'll make it back before the bell . '' 
 i scooped my textbook into my backpack and headed for the door , wondering what this was all about . 
 i knew of only two reasons students were called to the attendance office . 
 for ditching , and for excused absences . 
 as far as i knew , neither applied to me . 
 at the attendance office , i tugged on the door , and that 's when i saw him . 
 hank mill ar sat in the lounge , his shoulders hunched , his expression haggard . 
 his chin was propped on his fist , and his eyes stared blankly ahead . 
 reflexively i backed away . 
 but hank saw me and immediately rose to his feet . 
 the deep sympathy etched on his face wrung my stomach sick . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i found myself stammering . 
 he avoided looking directly at me . 
 `` there 's been an accident . '' 
 his words rattled around inside me . 
 my initial thought was , why would i care if hank had been in an accident ? 
 and why had he come all the way to school to tell me ? 
 `` your mom fell down the stairs . 
 she was wearing heels and lost her balance . 
 she has a concussion . '' 
 a tide of panic crashed over me . 
 i said something that might have been no or now . 
 no , this could n't be happening . 
 i needed to see my mom now . 
 all of a sudden i regretted every sharp word i 'd said to her these past couple of weeks . 
 my worst fears came crawling in from every direction . 
 i 'd already lost my dad . 
 if i lost my mom ... `` how serious is it ? '' 
 my voice wobbled . 
 deep down , i knew i did n't want to cry in front of hank . 
 a trivial matter of pride that shattered the moment i pictured my mom 's face . 
 i shut my eyes , trapping the tears . 
 `` when i left the hospital , they could n't tell me anything . 
 i came straight here to get you . 
 i 've already signed you out with the attendance secretary , '' hank explained . 
 `` i 'll drive you to the hospital . '' 
 he held the door for me , and i mechanically ducked under his arm . 
 i felt my feet carry me down the hall . 
 outside , the sun was too bright . 
 i wondered if i would remember this day forever . 
 i wondered if i would have reason to look back on it and feel the same intolerable emotions i 'd felt upon learning my dad had been murdered-confusion , bitterness , helplessness . 
 abandonment . 
 i choked , no longer able to hold back a sob . 
 hank unlocked his land cruiser without a word . 
 he raised his hand once , as if to give my shoulder a consoling squeeze , then made a fist and dropped it . 
 and that 's when it hit me . 
 things were looking a little too convenient . 
 maybe it was my natural aversion to hank , but it crossed my mind that he could be lying to get me inside his car . 
 `` i want to call the hospital , '' i said abruptly . 
 `` i want to see if they have an update . '' 
 hank frowned . 
 `` we 're on our way there now . 
 in ten minutes , you can talk to her doctor in person . '' 
 `` excuse me if i 'm a little worried , but this is my mom we 're talking about , '' i said softly , but with unmistakable firmness . 
 hank dialed a number on his phone and handed it to me . 
 the hospital 's automated system picked up , asking me to listen carefully to the following options , or stay on the line for an operator . 
 a minute later i was connected with an operator . 
 `` can you tell me if blythe grey was admitted today ? '' 
 i asked the woman , avoiding hank 's gaze . 
 `` yes , we have a blythe grey on record . '' 
 i exhaled . 
 just because hank had n't lied about my mom 's accident did n't mean he was innocent . 
 all these years living in the farmhouse , and never once had she fall en down the stairs . 
 `` this is her daughter . 
 can you give me an update on her condition ? '' 
 `` i can leave a message for her doctor to call you . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , leaving my cell phone number . 
 `` any news ? '' 
 hank asked . 
 `` how do you know she fell down the stairs ? '' 
 i quizzed him . 
 `` did you see her fall ? '' 
 `` we 'd arranged to meet for lunch . 
 when she did n't answer the door , i let myself in . 
 that 's when i found her at the bottom of the stairs . '' 
 if he detected any suspicion in my voice , he did n't show it . 
 if anything , he sounded morose , loosening his tie and wiping sweat off his brow . 
 `` if anything happens to her ... , '' he muttered to himself , but did n't finish the thought . 
 `` should we go ? '' 
 get into the car , a voice inside my head commanded . 
 just like that , my mind emptied of all suspicion . 
 i could grasp only one thought : i needed to go with hank . 
 there was something strange about the voice , but i could n't place it through my muddled mind . 
 all my reasoning power seemed to float away , making room for that one continuous order : get into the car . 
 i looked at hank , who blinked benignly . 
 i had the impulse to accuse him of something , but why should i ? 
 he was here to help . 
 he cared about my mom ... obediently , i slid inside the land cruiser . 
 i did n't know how long we rode in silence . 
 my thoughts were a whirlwind , until suddenly hank cleared his voice . 
 `` i want you to know she 's in the best hands . 
 i requested that dr. howlett oversee her care . 
 dr. howlett and i were roommates at the university of maine before he went on to johns hopkins . '' 
 dr. howlett . 
 i juggled his name a moment-and then it came to me . 
 he was the doctor who 'd cared for me after i first returned home . 
 after hank saw fit to return me , i corrected myself . 
 and now it turned out hank and dr. howlett were friends ? 
 any numbness i felt was quickly eclipsed by anxiety . 
 i felt a swift and instant distrust of dr. howlett . 
 as i was frantically considering the connection between the two men , a car pulled up beside hank 's . 
 for one split moment , i did n't see anything wrong with the picture-and then the car slammed into the land cruiser . 
 the land cruiser careened sideways , grating against the guardrail . 
 a shower of sparks flew from the scraping metal . 
 i barely had time to yelp when we were battered again . 
 hank overcorrected , the rear of the land cruiser fishtailing violently . 
 `` they 're trying to run us off the road ! '' 
 hank yelled . 
 `` get your seat belt on ! '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 i shrieked , double-checking that my seat belt was fastened . 
 hank jerked the wheel to avoid another hit , and the abrupt movement jarred my attention back to the road ahead ; it curved sharply to the left as we approached a deep ravine . 
 hank stomped the gas , trying to outrace the other car , a tan ell camino . 
 the ell camino gunned forward , swerving into the lane ahead . 
 three heads were visible through the windshield , and from what i could tell , all were male . 
 an image of gabe , dominic , and jeremiah flashed to mind . 
 it was pure speculation , since i could n't make out their faces , but even the mere suggestion caused me to yell out . 
 `` stop the car ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` it 's a trap . 
 put the car in reverse ! '' 
 `` they destroyed my car ! '' 
 hank snarled , accelerating into a chase . 
 the ell camino screeched around the bend , skidding across the solid white line . 
 hank followed , veering dangerously close to the guardrail . 
 the shoulder of the road dropped away , plunging into the ravine . 
 from way up here , it looked like a giant bowl of air , with hank racing recklessly along the rim . 
 my stomach turned circles , and i clutched the armrest . 
 the ell camino 's tail ights blazed red . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 i flattened one hand to the window and the other against hank 's shoulder , trying to stop the inevitable . 
 hank jerked the wheel hard , sending the land cruiser up on two wheels . 
 i was thrown forward , my seat belt catching hard across my chest , my head coll iding with the window . 
 my vision clouded , and loud noises seemed to descend on me from every direction . 
 crunching , shattering , piercing noises that exploded in my ears . 
 i thought i heard hank growl something-damn fallen angels ! 
 - but then i was flying . 
 no , not flying . 
 tumbling . 
 over and over . 
 i did n't remember landing , but when my mind registered again , i was on my back . 
 not inside the land cruiser , somewhere else . 
 dirt . 
 leaves . 
 sharp rocks biting into my skin . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 my brain could n't move beyond three chanted words . 
 i saw them slide across my vision . 
 `` nora ! '' 
 hank yelled , his voice sounding far away . 
 i was sure my eyes were open , but i could n't make out any one object . 
 bright light i could n't see past stretched from one edge of my vision to the other . 
 i attempted to rise . 
 the directions i gave my muscles were clear , but there was a breach somewhere along the lines ; i could n't move . 
 hands grasped my ankles first , then my wrists . 
 my body glided through the leaves and dirt , making a strange rustling noise . 
 i licked my lips , trying to call out to hank , but when my mouth opened , the wrong words came out . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 i wanted to rattle myself out of the stupor . 
 no ! 
 i screamed inside my head . 
 no , no , no ! 
 patch ! 
 help ! 
 patch , patch , patch ! 
 `` cold , pain , hard , '' i muttered incoherently . 
 before i could correct myself , it was too late . 
 my mouth was stitched closed . 
 as were my eyes . 
 solid hands grasped my shoulders , shaking me . 
 `` can you hear me , nora ? 
 do n't try to get up . 
 stay on your back . 
 i 'm going to get you to the hospital . '' 
 my eyes popped open . 
 trees swayed overhead . 
 sunlight spilled through their branches , casting strange shadows that altered the world from light to dark , and back again . 
 hank mill ar bent over me . 
 his face was cut up , blood trickling down , blood smearing his cheeks , blood matting his hair . 
 his lips were moving , but it hurt too much to make sense of his words . 
 i turned away . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 i woke in a hospital , my bed behind a white cotton curtain . 
 the room was peacefully , yet strangely , quiet . 
 my toes and fingers tingled , and my head might as well have been strewn with cobwebs . 
 drugs , i mildly noted . 
 a different face leaned over mine . 
 dr. howlett smiled , but not enough to show teeth . 
 `` you took a frightful hit , young lady . 
 plenty of bruising , but nothing 's broken . 
 i had the nurses give you ibuprofen , and i 'll give you a prescription before you go . 
 you 're going to feel tender for a few days . 
 considering the circumstances , i 'd say you should count your blessings . '' 
 `` hank ? '' 
 i managed to ask , my lips paper-dry . 
 dr. howlett shook his head , rumbling a short laugh . 
 `` you 're going to hate hearing this , but he pulled through without a scratch . 
 hardly seems fair . '' 
 through the haze , i tried to reason . 
 something was n't right . 
 and then my memory opened . 
 `` no . 
 he was cut up . 
 he was bleeding badly . '' 
 `` you 're mistaken . 
 hank came in wearing more of your blood than his own . 
 you got the worst of it by far . '' 
 `` but i saw him - '' `` hank mill ar is in pristine shape , '' he cut me off . 
 `` and once your stitches fall out , you will be too . 
 as soon as the nurses finish checking these bandages , you 'll be good to go . '' 
 underneath it all , i knew i should panic . 
 there were too many questions , too few answers . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 cold , pain , hard . 
 the glow of tail ights . 
 the crash . 
 the ravine . 
 `` this will help , '' dr. howlett said , surprising me with a prick to my arm . 
 fluid streamed from the needle into my blood with nothing more than a faint sting . 
 `` but i just regained consciousness , '' i murmured , a pleasant chemical exhaustion washing through me . 
 `` how can i be okay already ? 
 i do n't feel right . '' 
 `` you 'll make a faster recovery at home . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` here you 'll have nurses poking and prodding you all night . '' 
 all night ? 
 `` it 's already evening ? 
 but it was just noon . 
 before hank-health class-i never had lunch . '' 
 `` it 's been a rough day , '' dr. howlett said , nodding complacently . 
 under the layers of drugs , i wanted to scream . 
 instead a mere sigh escaped . 
 i laid a hand on my stomach . 
 `` i feel funny . '' 
 `` mri confirmed you do n't have internal bleeding . 
 take it easy for the next few days , and you 'll be up and running in no time . '' 
 he gave my shoulder a playful squeeze . 
 `` but i ca n't promise you 'll feel like climbing into another car any time soon . '' 
 somewhere in the middle of the fog , i remembered my mom . 
 `` is hank with my mom ? 
 is she okay ? 
 can i see her ? 
 does she know about the car crash ? '' 
 `` your mom is making a very speedy recovery , '' he assured me . 
 `` she 's still in icu and ca n't have visitors , but she should be moved to her own room by morning . 
 you can come back and see her then . '' 
 he leaned down , as though to make me his coconspirator . 
 `` between us , if it were n't for the red tape , i 'd let you sneak in to see her now . 
 she had a pretty nasty concussion , and while there was memory loss at first , considering her condition when hank first brought her in , i think it 's safe to say she 'll pull a one-eighty . '' 
 he patted my cheek . 
 `` luck must run in the family . '' 
 `` luck , '' i repeated lethargically . 
 but i had an alarming feeling stirring inside me , indicating that luck had nothing to do with either of our recoveries . 
 and maybe not our accidents , either . 
 chapter 26 after dr. howlett gave me clearance to leave , i rode the elevator down to the main lobby . 
 on the way , i dialed vee . 
 i did n't have a ride home , and i hoped it was still early enough that her mom would let her rescue a stranded friend . 
 the elevator eased to a stop , and the doors glided open . 
 my phone clattered at my feet . 
 `` hello , nora , '' hank said , standing directly in front of me . 
 three counts passed before i summoned my voice . 
 `` going up ? '' 
 i asked , hoping i sounded calm . 
 `` actually , i was looking for you . '' 
 `` i 'm in a hurry , '' i said apologetically , scooping up my phone . 
 `` i thought you might need a ride home . 
 i had one of my boys bring over a rental from the dealership . '' 
 `` thanks , but i 've already called a friend . '' 
 his smile was plastic . 
 `` at least let me see you to the doors . '' 
 `` i need to stop by the restrooms first , '' i hedged . 
 `` please do n't wait . 
 really , i 'm fine . 
 i 'm sure marcie is anxious to see you . '' 
 `` your mother would want me to see you home safely . '' 
 his eyes were bloodshot , his whole expression weary , but i did n't for one moment think it was from his role as the grieving boyfriend . 
 dr. howlett could insist all he wanted that hank had arrived at the hospital unscathed , but i knew the truth . 
 he 'd come out of the crash worse than i had . 
 worse , even , than the crash warranted . 
 his face had resembled pulverized meat , and while his nephilim blood had cured him almost instantly , i 'd known from the moment he 'd shaken me out of unconsciousness , and i 'd taken that first blurry look at him , that something had happened to him after i blacked out . 
 he could deny it up and down , but his condition had resembled being mauled by tigers . 
 he was haggard and exhausted because he 'd battled a group of fall en angels today . 
 at least , that was my current working theory . 
 as i traced my way back through the events , it was the only explanation that made sense . 
 damn fallen angels ! 
 were n't those the words hank had sworn viciously a fraction of a moment before the crash ? 
 he clearly had n't planned on running into them ... so what had he planned to happen ? 
 i had a terrible feeling churning inside me . 
 one , i realized in retrospect , i 'd been dangling at the back of my mind ever since hank had shown up at school . 
 what if hank had in fact set the day 's events up ? 
 could he have pushed my mom down the stairs ? 
 dr. howlett said she 'd initially suffered from amnesia , a device hank could have used to keep her from remembering the truth . 
 then he 'd picked me up from school ... for what ? 
 what was i missing ? 
 `` i smell rubber burning , '' hank said . 
 `` you 're thinking hard about something . '' 
 his voice jerked me to the present . 
 i stared up at him , wishing i could glean his motives from his expression . 
 it was then that i realized his eyes were just as fixed on me . 
 his gaze was so intent , it was almost trancelike . 
 whatever conclusion i 'd been about to draw swam away . 
 my thoughts tipped sideways . 
 suddenly they were all out of order , and i could n't remember what i 'd been pondering . 
 the harder i tried to remember , the more my thoughts careened into an abyss at the back of my mind . 
 a cocoon stretched around my mind , wrapping any cognitive ability tightly out of reach . 
 it was happening all over again . 
 the muddled , heavy sensation of being unable to control my own thoughts . 
 `` has your friend agreed to pick you up , nora ? '' 
 he asked with that same laserlike attention . 
 somewhere deep inside , i knew i should n't tell hank the truth . 
 i knew i should say vee was coming for me . 
 but what reason did i have to lie to him ? 
 `` i called vee , but she did n't answer , '' i admitted . 
 `` i 'm happy to give you a ride , nora . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 my mind was jumbled , and i could n't snap out of it . 
 i strolled down the corridor beside hank , my hands cold and shaking . 
 why was i trembling ? 
 it was nice of hank to offer me a ride . 
 he cared about my mom enough to go out of his way for me ... did n't he ? 
 the ride home was uneventful , and at the farmhouse , hank followed me inside . 
 i stopped just inside the door . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` your mom would want me to look after you tonight . '' 
 `` you 're staying the whole night ? '' 
 my hands started to shake again , and through my cotton-filled head , i knew i had to find a way to make him leave . 
 it was n't a good idea to let him sleep over . 
 but how could i force him out ? 
 he was stronger . 
 and even if i could get him out , my mom had recently given him a house key . 
 he 'd come right back inside . 
 `` you 're letting cold air in , '' hank said , gently prying my hands from the door . 
 `` let me help . '' 
 that 's right , i thought with a smile at my own muddleheaded sill iness . 
 he wanted to help . 
 hank tossed his keys on the counter and sank into the couch , kicking his feet up on the ottoman . 
 he angled his eyes at the cushion next to him . 
 `` want to unwind with a show ? '' 
 `` i 'm tired , '' i said , hugging myself now that the awful quivering had spread above my elbows . 
 `` you 've had a long day . 
 sleep might be just what the doctor ordered . '' 
 i fought through the oppressive cloud suffocating my brain , but it seemed there was no end to the thick darkness . 
 `` hank ? '' 
 i asked quizzically . 
 `` why do you really want to stay here tonight ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you look positively frightened , nora . 
 be a good girl and go up to bed . 
 it 's not like i 'm going to strangle you in your sleep . '' 
 in my bedroom , i scooted the dresser in front of the door , effectively blocking it . 
 i had no idea why i did it ; i had no reason to fear hank . 
 he was keeping a promise to my mom . 
 he wanted to protect me . 
 if he knocked , i would push the dresser aside and open the door . 
 and yet ... i crawled into bed and closed my eyes . 
 exhaustion raked down my body , and by now i was shivering violently . 
 i wondered if i was catching a cold . 
 when my mind began to feel heavy , i did n't fight it . 
 colors and shapes seesawed in and out of focus . 
 my thoughts slid deeper into my subconscious . 
 hank was right ; it had been a long day . 
 i needed sleep . 
 it was n't until i found myself standing at the threshold of patch 's studio that i began to sense that something was n't quite right . 
 the haze scattered from my brain , and i realized hank had mind-tricked me into submission . 
 flinging open patch 's front door and dashing inside , i shouted his name . 
 i found him in the kitchen , slouched on a bar stool . 
 one look at me , and he swung off and crossed to me . 
 `` nora ? 
 how did you get here ? 
 you 're inside my head , '' he said with surprise . 
 `` are you dreaming ? '' 
 his eyes flicked back and forth across my face , hunting for an answer . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i think so . 
 i crawled into bed feeling a desperate need to talk to you ... and here i am . 
 are you asleep ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm awake , but you 're eclipsing my thoughts . 
 i do n't know how you did it . 
 only a powerful nephil or fall en angel could pull off something like this . '' 
 `` something terrible happened . '' 
 i threw myself into his arms , trying to dissipate my convulsive shivers . 
 `` first my mom fell down the stairs , and on our way to the hospital to see her , hank and i were hit . 
 before i blacked out , i think hank said the other car was full of fall en angels . 
 hank drove me home from the hospital-and i asked him to leave , but he wo n't ! '' 
 home from the hospital-and i asked him to leave , but he wo n't ! '' 
 patch 's eyes flashed with anxiety . 
 `` slow down . 
 hank is alone with you right now ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` wake up . 
 i 'm coming to see you . '' 
 fifteen minutes later there was a soft rap on my bedroom door . 
 dragging aside the dresser to clear the entrance , i cracked the door to find patch on the other side of it . 
 i grabbed his hand and hauled him inside . 
 `` hank is downstairs watching tv , '' i whispered . 
 hank had been right ; sleep had done me a world of good . 
 upon breaking out of the dream , enough of my normal thought process had returned to make me see what i 'd been unable to before : hank had mind-tricked me into submission . 
 i 'd let him drive me home without a single complaint , let him walk inside my house , let him make himself at home , and all because i 'd thought he wanted to protect me . 
 nothing could be further from the truth . 
 patch gave the door a gentle kick closed . 
 `` i came in through the attic . '' 
 he looked me over , head to toe . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 his finger traced a bandage covering a thin laceration cutting across my hair-line , and his eyes blazed with anger . 
 `` hank has been mind-tricking me all night . '' 
 `` play everything back , starting with your mom 's fall . '' 
 i swallowed a deep breath , then recounted my story . 
 `` what did the fall en angels ' car look like ? '' 
 patch asked . 
 `` ell camino . 
 tan . '' 
 patch rubbed his chin in thought . 
 `` do you think it was gabe ? 
 it 's not what he usually drives , but that does n't necessarily mean anything . '' 
 `` there were three of them in the car . 
 i could n't see their faces . 
 it might have been gabe , dominic , and jeremiah . '' 
 `` or it might have been any number of fall en angels targeting hank . 
 with rixon gone , there 's a price on his head . 
 he 's the black hand , the most powerful nephil alive , and any number of fall en angels want him as their vassal for bragging rights alone . 
 how long were you out before hank drove you to the hospital ? '' 
 `` if i had to guess , only a few minutes . 
 when i came around , hank was covered in blood , and he looked exhausted . 
 he could barely lift me into the car . 
 i do n't think his cuts and bruises came from the crash . 
 being coerced to swear fealty sounds plausible . '' 
 a truly savage look sharpened patch 's features . 
 `` this ends here . 
 i want you out of this . 
 i know you 're set on being the one to bring down hank , but i ca n't risk losing you . '' 
 he stood and paced the room , clearly upset . 
 `` let me do this for you . 
 let me be the one to make him pay . '' 
 `` this is n't your fight , patch , '' i said quietly . 
 his eyes burned with an intensity i 'd never seen before . 
 `` you 're mine , angel , and do n't you forget it . 
 your fights are my fights . 
 what if something had happened today ? 
 it was bad enough when i thought your ghost was haunting me ; i do n't think i could handle the real thing . '' 
 i came up behind him , threading my arms under his . 
 `` something bad could have happened , but it did n't , '' i said gently . 
 `` even if it was gabe , he obviously did n't get what he wanted . '' 
 `` forget gabe ! 
 hank has something planned for you and maybe your mom , too . 
 let 's concentrate on that . 
 i want you to go into hiding . 
 if you do n't want to stay at my place , fine . 
 we 'll find somewhere else . 
 you 'll stay there until hank is dead , buried , and rotting . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave . 
 hank will immediately suspect something if i disappear . 
 plus , i ca n't put my mom through that again . 
 if i disappear now , it will break her . 
 look at her . 
 she 's not the same person she was three months ago . 
 maybe in part that 's due to hank 's mind-tricks , but i have to face the fact that my disappearance weakened her in ways she 'll probably never recover from . 
 from the moment she wakes up in the morning , she 's terrified . 
 to her , there 's no such thing as safe . 
 not anymore . '' 
 `` again , hank 's doing , '' patch dismissed curtly . 
 `` i ca n't control what hank did , but i can control what i do now . 
 i 'm not leaving . 
 and you 're right-i 'm not going to step aside and let you take on hank alone . 
 promise me now that whatever happens , you wo n't cheat me . 
 promise you wo n't go behind my back and quietly do away with him , even if you honestly believe you 're doing it for my own good . '' 
 `` oh , he wo n't go quietly , '' patch said with a murderous edge . 
 `` promise me , patch . '' 
 he regarded me in silence a long time . 
 we both knew he was faster , more skilled in fighting , and , when it came right down to it , more ruthless . 
 he 'd stepped in and saved me many times in the past , but this was one time-one time-when it was my fight to pick , and mine alone . 
 at last , and with great reluctance , he said , `` i wo n't stand by and watch you go up against him alone , but i wo n't kill him privately , either . 
 before i lay a hand on him , i 'll make sure it 's what you want . '' 
 his back was to me , but i pressed my cheek against his shoulder , nuzzling him softly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` if you 're ever attacked again , go for the fall en angel 's wing scars . '' 
 i did n't follow him right away . 
 then he continued , `` club him with a baseball bat or ram a stick in his scars if that 's all you have . 
 our wing scars are our achil es ' heel . 
 we ca n't feel the pain , but the trauma to the scars will paralyze us . 
 depending on the damage done , you could cripple us for hours . 
 after stabbing the tire iron through gabe 's scars , i 'd be surprised if he came out of the shock in less than eight . '' 
 `` i 'll remember that , '' i said softly . 
 then , `` patch ? '' 
 `` mmm . '' 
 his response was terse . 
 `` i do n't want to fight . '' 
 i traced my finger along his shoulder blades , his muscles stiff with aggravation . 
 his whole body was clenched , frustrated beyond measure . 
 `` hank has already taken my mom from me , and i do n't want him to take you , too . 
 can you understand why i have to do it ? 
 why i ca n't send you off to fight my battles , even though we both know you win in this department , hands down ? '' 
 he exhaled , long and slow , and i felt the knots in his body loosen . 
 `` there 's only one thing i know for certain anymore . '' 
 he turned , his eyes a clear black . 
 `` that i would do anything for you , even if it means going against my instincts or my very nature . 
 i would lay down everything i possess , even my soul , for you . 
 if that is n't love , it 's the best i have . '' 
 i did n't know what to say in return ; nothing seemed adequate . 
 so i took his face between my hands and kissed his set , determined mouth . 
 slowly , patch 's mouth molded to mine . 
 i relished the delicious pressure shooting across my skin as his mouth rose and dipped against my own . 
 i did n't want him to be angry . 
 i wanted him to trust me the way i trusted him . 
 `` angel , '' he said , my name muted from where our lips met . 
 he drew back , his eyes judging what i wanted from him . 
 unable to bear having him so close without feeling his touch , i slid my hand to the back of his neck , guiding him to kiss me again . 
 his kiss was harder , escalating as his hands ran over my body , sending hot chills shuddering like electricity under my skin . 
 his finger flicked open a button on my cardigan-then two , three , four . 
 it tumbled off my shoulders , leaving me in my camisole . 
 he pushed up the hem , teasing and stroking his thumb across my stomach . 
 my breath came in a sharp intake of air . 
 a pirate smile glowed in his eyes as he concentrated his attention higher , nuzzling the curve of my throat , planting kisses , his stubble raking with a gratifying ache . 
 he lowered me backward against the soft down of my pillows . 
 he tasted deeper , holding himself over me , and suddenly he was everywhere ; his knee trapping my leg , his lips grazing warm , rough , sensuous . 
 he splayed his hand at the small of my back , holding me tightly , driving me to sink my fingers deeper into him , clinging to him as if letting go would mean losing part of myself . 
 `` nora ? '' 
 i looked to the doorway-and screamed . 
 hank filled the entrance , leaning his forearm on the doorjamb . 
 his eyes swept the room , his face contracted in quizzical contemplation . 
 `` what are you doing ! '' 
 i yelled at him . 
 he did n't answer , his eyes still roving every corner of my bedroom . 
 i did n't know where patch was ; it was as though he 'd sensed hank a split moment before the doorknob turned . 
 he could be feet away , hiding . 
 seconds away from being discovered . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 i sprang off the bed . 
 `` i ca n't do anything about the house key my mom gave you , but this is where i draw the line . 
 do not ever come into my bedroom again . '' 
 his eyes made a slow scan of my closet doors , which were cracked . 
 `` i thought i heard something . '' 
 `` yeah , well , guess what ? 
 i 'm a living , breathing person , and every now and then i make noise ! '' 
 with that , i flung the door shut and sagged against it . 
 my pulse was all over the board . 
 i heard hank stand resolute a moment , probably trying to pinpoint , once more , whatever it was that had brought him up to search my bedroom in the first place . 
 at last he wandered down the hall . 
 he 'd frightened me to the point of tears . 
 i swatted them hastily away , replaying his every word and expression in my mind , trying to find any clue that would prove whether he knew patch was in my room . 
 i let five treacherously long minutes pass before i cracked my door . 
 the hall outside was empty . 
 i returned my attention to my bedroom . 
 `` patch ? '' 
 i whispered in the faintest voice . 
 but i was alone . 
 i did n't see patch again until i fell asleep . 
 i dreamed i was wading through a field of wild grass that parted around my h * ps as i walked . 
 ahead , a barren tree appeared , twisted and misshapen . 
 patch leaned against it , hands pocketed . 
 he was dressed in head-to-toe black , a stark contrast against the creamy white of the field . 
 i ran the rest of the way to him . 
 he wrapped his leather jacket around us , more as an act of intimate possession than to conserve heat . 
 `` i want to stay with you tonight , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm scared hank is going to try something . '' 
 `` i 'm not letting you or him out of my sight , angel , '' he said with something almost territorial in his tone . 
 `` do you think he knows you were in my bedroom ? '' 
 patch 's agitated sigh was barely audible . 
 `` one thing 's for sure : he sensed something . 
 i made a big enough impression that he came upstairs to investigate . 
 i 'm starting to wonder if he 's stronger than i 've given him credit for . 
 his men are impeccably organized and trained . 
 he 's managed to hold an archangel captive . 
 and now he can sense me from several rooms away . 
 the only explanation i can think of is devilcraft . 
 he 's found a way to channel it , or he made a bargain . 
 either way , he 's invoking the powers of hell . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` you 're scaring me . 
 that night , after bloody mary 's , the two nephilim who chased me mentioned devilcraft . 
 but they said hank had pronounced it a myth . '' 
 `` could be hank does n't want anyone knowing what he 's up to . 
 devilcraft might explain why he thinks he can overthrow fall en angels as early as cheshvan . 
 i 'm not an expert in devilcraft , but it seems plausible that it could be used to combat an oath , even an oath sworn under heaven . 
 he might be counting on it to break thousands upon thousands of oaths nephilim have sworn to fall en angels over the centuries . '' 
 `` in other words , you do n't think it 's a myth . '' 
 `` i used to be an archangel , '' he reminded me . 
 `` it was n't under my jurisdiction , but i know it exists . 
 that 's about all any of us knew . 
 it originated in hell , and most of what we knew was speculation . 
 devilcraft is forbidden outside of hell , and the archangels should be on top of this . '' 
 an edge of frustration crept into his tone . 
 `` maybe they do n't know . 
 maybe hank found a way to hide it from them . 
 or maybe he 's using it in such little doses , they have n't picked up on it . '' 
 `` here 's a cheerful thought , '' patch said with a short , unamused laugh . 
 `` he could be using devilcraft to rearrange molecules in the air , which would explain why i 've had a hard time tracking him . 
 the whole time i 've been spying for him , i 've done my best to keep a tail on him , trying to figure out how he 's using the information i 've fed him . 
 not easy , given he moves like a ghost . 
 he does n't leave evidence the way he should . 
 he could be using devilcraft to alter matter altogether . 
 i have no idea how long he 's been using it or how good he 's gotten at harnessing it . '' 
 we both contemplated this in chilling silence . 
 rearranging matter ? 
 if hank was capable of tampering with the basic components of our world , what else could he manipulate ? 
 after a moment , patch reached under his shirt collar , unclasping a plain men 's chain . 
 it was made of interlocking links of sterling silver and was slightly tarnished . 
 `` last summer i gave you my archangel 's necklace . 
 you gave it back to me , but i want you to have it again . 
 it does n't work for me anymore . 
 but it might come in useful . '' 
 `` hank would do anything to get your necklace , '' i protested , pushing patch 's hands away . 
 `` keep it . 
 you need to hide it . 
 we ca n't let hank find it . '' 
 `` if hank puts my necklace on the archangel , she 'll have no choice but to tell him the truth . 
 she 'll give him pure , unadulterated knowledge , and freely . 
 you 're right about that . 
 but the necklace will also record the encounter , imprinting it forever . 
 sooner or later , hank 's going to get his hands on a necklace . 
 better he takes mine than finds another . '' 
 `` imprint ? '' 
 `` i want you to find a way to give this to marcie , '' he instructed , clasping the chain at the nape of my neck . 
 `` it ca n't be obvious . 
 she has to think she 's stolen it from you . 
 hank will gril her , and she has to believe that she outsmarted you . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 i pulled back , giving him an admonitory look . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 his smile was faint . 
 `` i would n't call this planning . 
 i 'd call this throwing a hail mary with seconds left on the clock . '' 
 with great care , i thought through what he was asking of me . 
 `` i can invite marcie over , '' i said at last . 
 `` i 'll tell her i need help picking out jewelry to go with my homecoming dress . 
 if she 's really helping hank hunt down an archangel 's necklace , and if she thinks i have it , she 'll take advantage of having access to my bedroom . 
 i 'm not thrilled about having her poking around , but i 'll do it . '' 
 i paused meaningfully . 
 `` but first i want to know exactly why i 'm doing it . '' 
 `` hank needs the archangel to talk . 
 so do we . 
 we need a way to let the archangels in heaven know hank is practicing devilcraft . 
 i 'm a fall en angel , and they are n't going to listen to me . 
 but if hank touches my necklace , it will imprint on the necklace . 
 if he 's using devilcraft , the necklace will record that , too . 
 my word means nothing to the archangels , but that kind of evidence would . 
 all we 'd need to do is get the necklace into their hands . '' 
 i still felt a tug of doubt . 
 `` what if it does n't work ? 
 what if hank gets the information he needs , and we get nothing ? '' 
 he agreed with a slight nod . 
 `` what would you like me to do instead ? '' 
 i thought about it , and came up empty . 
 patch was right . 
 we were out of time , out of options . 
 it i thought about it , and came up empty . 
 patch was right . 
 we were out of time , out of options . 
 it was n't the best position to be in , but something told me patch had been making the best of risky decisions his entire existence . 
 if i had to get dragged into a gamble as big as this , i could n't think of anyone i 'd rather be with . 
 chapter 27 it was friday night , a week later , and my mom and hank were in the living room , cuddled on the couch and sharing a bowl of popcorn . 
 i 'd retreated to my room , having promised patch i could keep my cool around hank . 
 hank had been infuriatingly charming the past few days , driving my mom home from the hospital , stopping by with takeout every night promptly at dinnertime , even cleaning our roof gutters earlier this morning . 
 i was n't foolish enough to lower my guard , but i was driving myself mad trying to pull apart his motives . 
 he was planning something , but when it came down to what , i was at a loss . 
 my mom 's laugh carried up the stairs , and it pushed me over the edge . 
 i punched in a text to vee . 
 yo , she answered a moment later . 
 i have tickets 2 serpentine . 
 wan na ? 
 serpen-wha ??? friend of the family 's new band , i explained . 
 opening gig is tonight . 
 pick u up in 20 . 
 promptly twenty minutes later , vee screeched into the driveway . 
 i thundered down the stairs , hoping to make it out the door before i had to endure the torture of hearing my mom make out with hank , who , i 'd learned , was a very wet kisser . 
 `` nora ? '' 
 mom called down the hall . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` out with vee . 
 i 'll be back by eleven ! '' 
 before she could veto , i raced outside and threw myself inside vee 's 1995 purple dodge neon . 
 `` go , go , go ! '' 
 i ordered her . 
 vee , who 'd have a bright future as a getaway driver if college did n't pan out , took my escape into her own hands , peeling out of the drive loud enough to frighten a flock of birds out of the nearest tree . 
 `` whose avalon was in the driveway ? '' 
 vee asked as she sped across town , oblivious to road signs . 
 she 'd dramatically bawled her way out of three speeding tickets since getting her license , and was firmly convinced that when it came to the law , she was invincible . 
 `` hank 's rental . '' 
 `` i heard from michel e van tassel , who heard from lexi hawkins , who heard from our good friend marcie that hank is offering up a big ol' reward for any police tips that lead to the arrest of the freak shows who tried to run you off the road . '' 
 good luck with that . 
 but i smirked appropriately , not wanting to tip vee off that anything was wrong . 
 ideally , i knew i should tell her everything , starting with having my memory erased by hank . 
 but ... how ? 
 how did i explain things i could hardly comprehend myself ? 
 how did i make her believe in a world teeming with the stuff of nightmares , when i had nothing but my own word to offer up as proof ? 
 `` how much is hank offering ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` maybe i can be coaxed into remembering something important . '' 
 `` why bother ? 
 lift his bank card instead . 
 i doubt he 'd notice if a few hundred walked off . 
 and hey , if you get caught , it 's not like he can have you arrested . 
 it would screw up any chance he has with your mom . '' 
 if only it were that simple , i thought , a gritty smile frozen on my face . 
 if only hank could be taken at face value . 
 there was a tiny parking lot near the devil 's handbag , and vee cruised through it five times , but a spot did n't open up . 
 she widened her search block by block . 
 at last she paral ell parked along a stretch of curb that left half the neon hanging out in the street . 
 vee got out and surveyed her parking job . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` five points for creativity . '' 
 we walked the rest of the way on foot . 
 `` so who 's this friend of the family ? '' 
 vee inquired . 
 `` is he male ? 
 is he hot ? 
 is he single ? '' 
 `` yes on the first count , probably on second , i think so on the last . 
 you want me to introduce you ? '' 
 `` no siree . 
 just wanted to know if i should keep my evil eye trained on him . 
 i do n't trust boys anymore , but my scary-radar goes off the charts when it comes to pretty boys . '' 
 i gave a short laugh trying to imagine a squeaky-clean , doll edup version of scott . 
 `` scott parnel is anything but pretty . '' 
 `` whoa . 
 hold on . 
 what 's this ? 
 you did n't tell me the old family friend was scottie the hottie . '' 
 i wanted to tell vee that was because i was doing my best to keep scott 's public appearance tonight quiet , not wanting any word of it to reach hank 's ears , but i brushed it off with an innocent , `` sorry , i must have forgotten . '' 
 `` our boy scottie has a body you ca n't forget . 
 you 've got to give him that . '' 
 she was right . 
 scott was n't bulky , but he was very muscular and had the well-proportioned physique of a top-notch athlete . 
 if it were n't for the tough , almost scowl-like expression he carried everywhere , he 'd probably attract throngs of girls . 
 possibly even vee , who was a self-proclaimed man hater . 
 we rounded the final corner , and the devil 's handbag came into view . 
 it was a charmless four-story brick structure with creeping ivy and blacked-out windows . 
 on one side it neighbored a pawn shop . 
 on the other sat a shoe repair store that i secretly suspected was the front for a thriving fake id business . 
 seriously , who replaced their soles anymore ? 
 `` are we going to get tagged ? '' 
 vee asked . 
 `` not tonight . 
 they are n't serving alcohol at the bar , since half the band is underage . 
 scott told me we 'd only need tickets . '' 
 we stepped into line , and five minutes later cleared the doors . 
 the spacious layout inside consisted of a stage on one side of the room , and a bar on the other . 
 booth seating close to the bar , cafe tables near the stage . 
 there was a decent crowd , with more coming in by the minute , and i experienced a squeeze of nervous anticipation for scott . 
 i tried to pick out nephilim faces in the audience , but i was n't experienced enough to trust myself to do a thorough job . 
 not that i had a reason to believe the devil 's handbag made a likely hangout for nonhumans , particularly those with all egiance to hank . 
 i was simply going on the belief that it did n't hurt to be cautious . 
 vee and i went right to the bar . 
 `` something to drink ? '' 
 the bartender , a redhead who had n't skimped on eyeliner or nose rings , asked us . 
 `` suicide , '' vee told her . 
 `` you know , when you put a little shot of everything into the glass ? '' 
 i leaned sideways . 
 `` how old are we ? '' 
 `` childhood only comes once . 
 live it up . '' 
 `` cherry coke , '' i told the bartender . 
 as vee and i sipped our drinks , sitting back and taking in the preshow excitement , a slender blonde with her hair stuffed into a messy-and sexy-bun sashayed over . 
 she leaned her elbows back on the bar , giving me a cursory glance . 
 she wore a long bohemian dress , pulling off hippie-chic flawlessly . 
 other than a swipe of siren-red lipstick , she was sans makeup , which drew my attention to her full , pouty mouth . 
 fixing her gaze on the stage , she said , `` have n't seen you girls around before . 
 first time ? '' 
 `` what 's it to you ? '' 
 vee said . 
 the girl laughed , and while the sound was soft and tinkling , it made the hairs on the back of my neck rise . 
 `` high schoolers ? '' 
 she guessed . 
 vee narrowed her eyes . 
 `` maybe , maybe not . 
 and you are ... ? '' 
 the blonde flashed a smile . 
 `` dabria . '' 
 her eyes pinned mine . 
 `` i heard about the amnesia . 
 pity . '' 
 i gagged on my cherry coke . 
 vee said , `` you look familiar . 
 but your name is n't ringing a bell . '' 
 she pursed her lips in evaluation . 
 in response , dabria cast cool eyes on vee , and just like that , all suspicion dissipated from vee 's expression , leaving her as blank as placid water . 
 `` i 've never seen you before in my life . 
 this is the first time we 've met , '' vee said in a monotone . 
 i glared at dabria . 
 `` can we talk ? 
 alone ? '' 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask , '' she answered breezily . 
 i pushed my way over to the hallway leading to the restrooms . 
 when we were out of the crowd , i spun on dabria . 
 `` first , quit mind-tricking my best friend . 
 second , what are you doing here ? 
 and third , you 're a lot prettier than patch led me to believe . '' 
 probably did n't need to throw in that last bit , but now that i had dabria alone , i was n't in the mood to dance around . 
 best to get straight to the point . 
 her mouth curled into a satisfied smirk . 
 `` and you 're quite a bit more plain than i remember . '' 
 suddenly i wished i 'd pulled on something more sophisticated than boyfriend jeans , a graphic tee , and a military-style hat . 
 i said , `` he 's over you , just so we 're clear . '' 
 dabria examined her manicure before looking up at me through lowered lashes . 
 with unmistakable regret she said , `` i wish i could say i was over him . '' 
 i told you so ! 
 i thought angrily at patch . 
 `` unrequited love sucks , '' i stated simply . 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 dabria craned her neck to search the crowd . 
 `` no . 
 but i 'm sure you already knew that , since you 've taken it upon yourself to stalk him . '' 
 something mischievous danced in her eyes . 
 `` oh ? 
 he noticed ? '' 
 `` hard not to when you 've clearly made it your life 's purpose to throw yourself at him . '' 
 her pouty smirk adopted a hardened edge . 
 `` just so you know , if it were n't for my feather jev keeps tucked in his pants , i would n't think twice about dragging you out to the street and giving you a front-row seat with an oncoming car . 
 jev might be here for you now , but i would n't breathe easy . 
 he 's made quite a few enemies over the years , and i ca n't tell you how many of them would love to chain him in hell . 
 you do n't treat people the way he has and sleep with both eyes closed , '' she said , cold-blooded warning creeping into her tone . 
 `` if he wants to stay on earth , he ca n't be distracted by some '' - her gaze raked over me - `` childish little girl . 
 he needs an ally . 
 someone who can watch his back and be useful to him . '' 
 `` and you think you 're just the girl for the job ? '' 
 i seethed . 
 `` i think you should stick to your own kind . 
 jev does n't like to be tied down . 
 one glance at you , and i can tell you 've got your hands full with him . '' 
 `` he 's changed , '' i said . 
 `` he 's not the same person he was when you knew him . '' 
 her laughter rang off the walls . 
 `` i ca n't decide if your naivete is adorable , or if i want to smack some sense into you . 
 jev will never change , and he does n't love you . 
 he 's using you to get to the black hand . 
 do you know how high the price on hank mill ar 's head is ? 
 millions . 
 jev wants that money as much as the next fall en angel , maybe more , because he can use it to pay off his enemies , and trust me when i say they 're snapping at his heels . 
 he 's ahead of the game because he has you , the black hand 's heir . 
 you can get close to the black hand in a way most fall en angels can only dream of . '' 
 i did n't bat an eye . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` i know you want the black hand , sweetie . 
 just like i know you want to be the one to destroy him . 
 not an easy feat , considering he 's nephilim , but pretend for a minute it 's possible . 
 do you really think jev will hand hank over to you when he can deliver him to the right people and receive a ten-million-dollar paycheck ? 
 think about it . '' 
 on that note , dabria raised a shrewd eyebrow and merged into the crowd . 
 when i returned to the bar , vee said , `` do n't know about you , but i did n't like that chick . 
 she rivals marcie for the number one spot on my skank-detecting meter . '' 
 she 's worse , i thought grimly . 
 much worse . 
 `` speaking of instincts , i have n't made up my mind yet how i feel about this particular romeo , '' vee said , sitting a little higher on her stool . 
 i followed her gaze , finding scott at the end of it . 
 a good head taller than the crowd , he waded toward us . 
 his sun-streaked brown hair hugged his head like a cap , and paired with bedraggled jeans and a fitted t-shirt , he looked every bit the bass player in an up-and-coming rock band . 
 `` you came , '' he said with a hitch of his mouth , and i knew right away he was pleased . 
 `` would n't miss it for the world , '' i said , trying to squash down any uneasiness i felt over scott 's obstinate refusal to stay in hiding a little longer . 
 one brief glance at his hand revealed that he had n't removed the black hand 's ring . 
 `` scott , this is my best friend , vee sky . 
 i do n't know if you two have officially met . '' 
 vee shook scott 's hand and said , `` i 'm happy to see there 's at least one person in this room taller than me . '' 
 `` yeah , i get my height from my dad 's side , '' scott said , clearly not in a hurry to elaborate . 
 then to me , `` about homecoming . 
 i 'm sending a limo over to your place tomorrow at nine . 
 the driver will take you to the dance , and i 'll meet you there . 
 was i supposed to get one of those flower things for your wrist ? 
 i totally forgot about that . '' 
 `` you two are going to homecoming together ? '' 
 vee asked , eyebrows vaulted , fingers pointing between us in a puzzled manner . 
 i could have kicked myself for not remembering to tell her . 
 in my defense , i 'd had a lot on my mind . 
 `` as friends , '' i reassured vee . 
 `` if you want to come , the more the merrier . '' 
 `` yeah , but now i do n't have time to buy a dress , '' vee said , sounding genuinely discouraged . 
 thinking on my feet , i said , `` we 'll go to silk garden first thing tomorrow . 
 plenty of time . 
 did n't you like that purple sequin gown , the one on the mannequin ? '' 
 scott jerked his thumb over his shoulder . 
 `` i got ta go warm up . 
 if you can hang around after the show , find me backstage and i 'll give you a private tour . '' 
 vee and i exchanged a look , and i knew her estimation of scott had just risen several notches . 
 i , on the other hand , prayed he 'd last long enough to give us a tour . 
 surreptitiously casting my eyes about , i hunted for signs of hank , his men , or anything else troublesome . 
 serpentine came on stage , testing and tuning the various guitars and drums . 
 scott jumped onstage with them , flinging his guitar strap across his shoulder . 
 he strummed a few notes , biting the guitar pick between his teeth as he nodded to his own beat . 
 looking sideways , i found vee tapping her foot in rhythm . 
 i nudged her elbow . 
 `` anything you want to tell me ? '' 
 she bit back a smile . 
 `` he 's nice . '' 
 `` i thought you were in boy detox . '' 
 vee nudged me back , harder . 
 `` do n't be a debbie downer . '' 
 `` just getting my facts straight . '' 
 `` if we hooked up , he could write me ball ads and stuff . 
 you got ta admit , nothing 's sexier than a guy who writes music . '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' i said . 
 `` mm-hmm , yourself . '' 
 `` mm-hmm , yourself . '' 
 onstage , a crew from the devil 's handbag helped adjust the microphones and amps . 
 one of the crew members was on his knees , taping down cords , when he paused to wipe sweat off his brow . 
 my eyes fell on his arm , and i was hit by a flash of recognition so strong it seemed to rock me back . 
 three words were tattooed like a mantra on his forearm . 
 cold . 
 pain . 
 hard . 
 i did n't know the significance of the combination of words , but i knew i 'd seen them before . 
 a pair of curtains drew back , revealing my memory long enough for me to remember seeing the tattoo right after i 'd been hurled from hank 's land cruiser . 
 cold . 
 pain . 
 hard . 
 i had n't remembered it before , but now i was positive . 
 the man onstage had been there . 
 directly following the crash . 
 he 'd grabbed my wrists as i 'd drifted into unconsciousness , dragging my body through the dirt . 
 he had to have been one of the fall en angels riding in the ell camino . 
 as i came to this startling conclusion , the fall en angel dusted his hands and jumped offstage , wandering the perimeter of the crowd . 
 he made brief conversation with a few people , slowly progressing toward the back of the room . 
 abruptly , he turned down the same hall where dabria and i had talked . 
 i called into vee 's ear , `` i 'm going to run to the restroom . 
 save my spot . '' 
 edging through the crowd , huddled three and four deep around the bar , i followed the fall en angel into the hallway . 
 he stood at the far end of it , bent slightly forward . 
 he shifted , revealing his profile , holding a lighter to the cigarette balanced between his lips . 
 exhaling a plume of spoke , he stepped outside . 
 i gave him a few seconds ' head start , then cracked the door and stuck my head out . 
 a handful of smokers loitered in the all ey , but other than a flick of eyes , no one paid me any attention . 
 i stepped all the way out , searching for the fall en angel . 
 he was halfway down the all ey , walking toward the street . 
 maybe he wanted to smoke alone , but i had a feeling he was leaving for good . 
 i ran down my options . 
 i could hurry back inside and enlist vee 's help , but i did n't want to risk involving her if i could help it . 
 i could call patch for backup , but if i waited for him to arrive , i 'd risk losing the fall en angel . 
 or i could take patch 's advice and immobilize the fall en angel , taking advantage of his wing scars , and then call for backup . 
 i decided to give patch as much of a heads-up as i could and pray that he hurried . 
 we 'd agreed to reserve calls and texts for emergencies only , not wanting to leave any unwanted evidence lying around for hank to find . 
 if this did n't constitute an emergency , i did n't know what did . 
 in alley behind devil 's handbag , i texted in a hurry . 
 saw fallen angel from car crash . 
 will aim for wing scars . 
 there was a snow shovel propped against the back door of the shoe repair store , and i picked it up without thinking . 
 i did n't have a plan , but if i was going to immobilize the fall en angel , i 'd need a weapon . 
 keeping an unsuspecting distance behind , i followed him to the end of the all ey . 
 he turned onto the street , flicked his cigarette into the gutter , and dialed on his cell phone . 
 hidden in shadow , i picked up bits and pieces of his conversation . 
 `` finished the job . 
 he 's here . 
 yeah , i 'm sure it 's him . '' 
 he hung up and scratched his neck . 
 he let go of a sigh that sounded conflicted . 
 or maybe resigned . 
 taking advantage of his quiet contemplation , i crept up behind him and swung the shovel sideways in a vicious sweep . 
 it smashed into his back with more power than i ever thought i possessed , right where his wing scars should be . 
 the fall en angel staggered forward , taking a knee . 
 i brought the shovel down a second time with more confidence . 
 then a third , fourth , fifth time . 
 knowing i could n't kill him , i slammed a fierce blow to his head . 
 he wobbled off balance , then slumped to the ground . 
 i nudged him with my shoe , but he was out cold . 
 hurried footsteps rang out behind me and i flipped around , still clutching the shovel . 
 patch emerged from the darkness , breathless from running . 
 he looked between me and the fall en angel . 
 `` i-got him , '' i said , still in shock that it had been so easy . 
 patch gently pried the shovel from my hands and set it aside . 
 a faint smile twitched his lips . 
 `` angel , this man is n't a fall en angel . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 patch crouched beside the man , took his shirt in his hands , and ripped the fabric . 
 i stared at the man 's back , smooth and muscular . 
 and not a wing scar in sight . 
 `` i was sure , '' i stammered . 
 `` i thought it was him . 
 i recognized his tattoo - '' patch peered up at me . 
 `` he 's nephilim . '' 
 a nephil ? 
 i 'd just bludgeoned a nephil unconscious ? 
 rolling the nephil 's body over , patch unbuttoned his shirt , inspecting his torso . 
 at the same time , our eyes traveled to the brand just below his clavicle . 
 the clenched fist was all too familiar . 
 `` the black hand 's mark , '' i said with astonishment . 
 `` the men who attacked us that day , and nearly drove us off the road , were hank 's men ? '' 
 what did it mean ? 
 and how could hank have made such a grave error in judgment ? 
 he 'd claimed they were fall en angels . 
 he 'd sounded so certain - `` are you sure this was one of the men in the ell camino ? '' 
 patch asked . 
 rage leaped inside me as i realized i 'd been played . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure . '' 
 chapter 28 hank orchestrated the car crash , '' i said , deadly quiet . 
 `` originally i thought the crash had upended his plans , but none of it was by accident . 
 he told his men to hit us , and he planted it in my head that they were fall en angels . 
 and i was stupid enough to fall for it ! '' 
 patch transported the nephil 's body behind an overgrown hedge , concealing it from the street . 
 `` this way he wo n't attract any attention before he wakes up , '' he explained . 
 `` did he get a good look at you ? '' 
 `` no , i took him by surprise , '' i said distractedly . 
 `` but why did hank need to crash his car ? 
 the whole thing seems pointless . 
 his car was totaled , he was severely beat up in the process-i do n't get it . '' 
 `` i do n't want you leaving my sight until we 've figured this out , '' patch said . 
 `` go inside and tell vee you do n't need a ride home . 
 i 'll pick you up out front in five . '' 
 i scrubbed my hands briskly over my arms , which prickled with goose bumps . 
 `` come with me . 
 i do n't want to be alone . 
 what if there are more of hank 's men inside ? '' 
 patch made a sound that was n't quite amusement . 
 `` if vee sees us together , things will get messy . 
 tell her you found a ride home , and you 'll call her later . 
 i 'll stand just inside the doors . 
 i wo n't let you out of my sight . '' 
 `` she wo n't buy it . 
 she 's a lot more cautious than she used to be . '' 
 quickly i worked out the only plausible solution . 
 `` i 'll ride home with her , and after she leaves , i 'll meet you up the street from my house . 
 hank is there , so do n't drive any closer than you have to . '' 
 patch pulled me into a brief , hard kiss . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 inside the devil 's handbag , a loud murmur of complaint spread through the audience . 
 people threw wadded napkins and plastic straws on the stage . 
 a group on the far side of the floor took up chanting , `` serpentine sucks , serpentine sucks . '' 
 i elbowed my way over to vee . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` scott bailed . 
 just up and ran . 
 the band ca n't play without him . '' 
 a sick feeling settled in my stomach . 
 `` ran ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i might have asked him if i could have caught him . 
 he took a running leap off the stage and sprinted for the doors . 
 everyone thought it was a joke at first . '' 
 `` we should get out of here , '' i told vee . 
 `` the crowd is n't going to hold much longer . '' 
 `` amen to that , '' vee said , hopping off her bar stool and scurrying toward the doors . 
 at the farmhouse , vee bounced the neon into the driveway . 
 `` what do you think got into scott ? '' 
 she asked me . 
 i was tempted to lie , but i was tired of playing this game with vee . 
 `` i think he 's in trouble , '' i told her . 
 `` what kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` i think he made some mistakes and upset the wrong people . '' 
 vee looked bewildered ... then skeptical . 
 `` wrong people ? 
 what kind of wrong people ? '' 
 `` very bad people , vee . '' 
 that was all the explanation she needed . 
 vee shoved the neon into reverse . 
 `` well , what are we doing sitting here ? 
 scott 's out there somewhere , and he needs our help . '' 
 `` we ca n't help him . 
 the people who are looking for him do n't exactly have a conscience . 
 they would n't think twice about hurting us . 
 but there is someone who can help , and with any luck , he 'll be able to help scott get out of town tonight , where he 'll be safe . '' 
 `` scott has to leave town ? '' 
 `` it 's not safe for him here . 
 i 'm sure the men who are looking for him expect him to try to leave , but patch will know a way around them - '' `` hold up ! 
 back up . 
 you 've got that whack job helping scott ? '' 
 vee 's volume shot higher and she glared at me accusingly . 
 `` does your mom know you 're mixed up with him again ? 
 did you ever think maybe , maybe this was information you should tell me ? 
 i 've been lying about him this whole time , pretending he never existed , and all the while you were hooking up with him behind my back ? '' 
 hearing her blatant confession , minus any trace of remorse , ignited my temper . 
 `` so you 're finally ready to come clean about patch ? '' 
 `` come clean ? 
 come clean ? 
 i lied because unlike that dirtbag , i actually care what happens to you . 
 he 's not right in the head . 
 he showed up and your life was never the same . 
 my life either , while we 're on the subject . 
 i 'd rather face down a gang of convicts than bump into patch on an empty street . 
 he 's real good at taking advantage of people , and it sounds to me like he 's up to his old tricks again . '' 
 i opened my mouth , so upset i could n't untangle my thoughts . 
 `` if you saw him the way i do - '' `` that ever happens , you can bet i 'll gouge my eyes out ! '' 
 i strove for composure . 
 angry or not , i could be rational . 
 `` you lied , vee . 
 you looked me in the eye and lied . 
 i 'd believe it of my mom , but not you . '' 
 i pushed the door open . 
 `` how were you going to explain yourself when i got my memory back ? '' 
 i demanded suddenly . 
 `` i hoped you would n't get it back . '' 
 vee threw her hands in the air . 
 `` there . 
 i said it . 
 you were better off without it , if it meant not remembering that freak show . 
 you do n't think straight when you 're around him . 
 it 's like you see the one percent of him that might be good and miss the other ninetynine percent of pure psychopathic evil ! '' 
 my jaw fell open . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` nope . 
 that sums up my feelings pretty adequately on the subject . '' 
 i shot out of the car and slammed the door . 
 vee rolled down her window and poked her head out . 
 `` when you come back to your senses , you have my number ! '' 
 she called out . 
 then she floored down the driveway and sped off into the darkness . 
 i stood in the shadow of the farmhouse , trying to collect my cool . 
 i reflected on the vague answers vee had given me when i 'd first come home from the hospital without a shred of my memory intact , and my temper threatened to explode . 
 i 'd trusted her . 
 i 'd relied on her to tell me what i could n't figure out for myself . 
 worst of all , she 'd coll aborated with my mom . 
 they 'd used my memory loss to push the truth further out of reach . 
 because of them , it had taken me that much longer to find patch . 
 i was so worked up , i nearly forgot i 'd told patch to meet me down the street . 
 reining in my anger , i stormed away from the farmhouse , keeping my eyes alert for signs of patch . 
 by the time his form slowly took shape in the shadows ahead , the worst of my sense of betrayal had died down , but i was n't ready to call vee and extend forgiveness just yet . 
 patch was parked by the roadside , straddling a black vintage harley-davidson sportster motorcycle . 
 i felt a shift in the air when i saw him ; something dangerous and enticing resonated like a live wire . 
 i stopped in my tracks at the sight of him . 
 my heart stammered a beat , almost as if he held it in his grasp , commanding me in his own secret ways . 
 i believed it . 
 bathed in moonlight , he looked positively criminal . 
 he handed me a helmet as i walked up . 
 `` where 's the tahoe ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` had to ditch it . 
 too many people knew i drove it , including hank 's men . 
 i parked it in an abandoned field . 
 a homeless guy named chambers is living out of it now . '' 
 despite my mood , i flung my head back and laughed . 
 patch lifted his eyebrows in inquiry . 
 `` after the night i 've been having , i needed that . '' 
 he kissed me , then secured the helmet strap under my chin . 
 `` glad i could help . 
 hop on , angel . 
 i 'm taking you home . '' 
 despite being deep underground , patch 's studio was warm when we arrived . 
 i took the time to wonder if the steam pipes running beneath delphic helped heat the place . 
 there was also a fireplace , which patch promptly lit . 
 he took my coat , storing it in the closet just off the foyer . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it was my turn to raise my eyebrows . 
 `` you bought food ? 
 for me ? '' 
 he 'd told me angels ca n't taste and do n't require food , which made grocery shopping unnecessary . 
 `` there 's an organic grocery store just off the highway exit . 
 i ca n't remember the last time i went shopping for food . '' 
 a smile glittered in his eyes . 
 `` i might have gone overboard . '' 
 i walked into the kitchen , with gleaming stainless-steel appliances , black granite countertops , and walnut cabinetry . 
 very masculine , very sleek . 
 i went for the fridge first . 
 water bottles , spinach and arugula , mushrooms , gingerroot , gorgonzola and feta cheeses , natural peanut butter , and milk on one side . 
 hot dogs , cold cuts , coke , chocolate pudding cups , and canned whipped cream on the other . 
 i tried to picture patch pushing a shopping cart down the aisle , tossing in food as it pleased him . 
 it was all i could do to keep a straight face . 
 i grabbed a pudding cup and offered patch one as well , but he shook his head no . 
 he perched himself on one of the bar stools , leaning his elbow on the counter contemplatively . 
 `` do you remember anything else from the crash before you blacked out ? '' 
 i found a spoon in the drawer and took a bite of pudding . 
 `` no . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` this might be something , though . 
 the car crash happened right before lunch . 
 i originally thought i could n't have been unconscious for more than a few minutes , but when i woke up in the hospital , it was evening . 
 that means my time line is missing about six hours ... so how do we account for those missing six hours ? 
 was i with hank ? 
 lying unconscious in the hospital ? '' 
 something worrisome flicked across patch 's eyes . 
 `` i know you 're not going to like this , but if we could get dabria close to hank , she might be able to read something off him . 
 she ca n't see inside his past , but if she still has some of her powers and can see his future , it might clue us in on what he 's been up to . 
 whatever his future holds , it 's dependent on his past . 
 but getting dabria close to him is n't going to be easy . 
 he 's being careful . 
 when he goes out , he has at least two dozen of his men forming an impenetrable barrier around him . 
 even when he 's at your house , his men are outside , guarding the doors , pacing the fields , and patrolling the street . '' 
 this was news to me , and only made me feel more violated . 
 `` speaking of dabria , she was at the devil 's handbag tonight , '' i said , aiming for a nonchalant air . 
 `` she was kind enough to introduce herself . '' 
 i watched patch closely . 
 i was n't sure what i was looking for . 
 it was one of those things where i 'd know it when i saw it . 
 to his credit , and my frustration , he showed no outward emotion or interest . 
 `` she said there 's a reward on hank 's head , '' i continued . 
 `` ten million dollars to the first fall en angel who successfully drags him in . 
 she said there are people who 'd rather not see hank lead a nephilim rebel ion , and while she did n't give me specifics , i think i can figure out the details on my own . 
 i would n't be surprised if there are a few nephilim out there who do n't want hank in power . 
 nephilim who would much rather see him locked away . '' 
 i paused for emphasis . 
 `` nephilim who are planning a coup d'etat . '' 
 `` ten million sounds about right . '' 
 again , said with no hint of his real feelings . 
 `` are you going to sell me out , patch ? '' 
 he said nothing for a long moment , and when he spoke , his words vibrated with quiet derision . 
 `` you realize this is what dabria wants , do n't you ? 
 she followed you to the devil 's handbag tonight with one intent : to plant it in your head that i want to betray you . 
 did she tell you i 've gambled away my fortune and the ten million will pose too great a temptation ? 
 no , i can tell by your face it 's not that . 
 maybe she told you i have women tucked away in every corner of the world , and i plan on using the money to keep them flocking to me . 
 jealousy would be more in her taste , which is why i 'm betting if i have n't hit the nail on the head yet , i 'm getting warmer . '' 
 i tipped my chin higher , using defiance to mask my insecurity . 
 `` she said you 've amassed a long list of enemies and you 're planning to pay them off . '' 
 patch barked a laugh . 
 `` i have a long list of enemies , i wo n't deny that . 
 could i pay them all off for ten million ? 
 maybe , maybe not . 
 that 's not the point . 
 i 've stayed one step ahead of my enemies for centuries , and i intend to keep it that way . 
 hank 's head on a platter means more to me than a paycheck , and when i learned you share my desire , it only strengthened my resolve to find a way to kill him , nephilim or not . '' 
 i was n't sure what to say in response . 
 patch was right-hank did n't deserve to spend the rest of his life quarantined in a remote prison . 
 he had destroyed my life and my family , and anything less than death was too kind a punishment . 
 patch raised his finger to his lips , silencing me on the spot . 
 a moment later there was a brusque knock at the outer door . 
 we shared a look , and patch spoke to my thoughts . 
 i 'm not expecting anyone . 
 go to the bedroom and shut the door . 
 with a nod , i signaled i understood . 
 moving silently , i crossed the studio , closing myself inside patch 's bedroom . 
 through the door , i heard patch give an abrupt laugh . 
 his next words were laced with menace . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` bad timing ? '' 
 returned a muffled voice . 
 female and oddly familiar . 
 `` your words , not mine . '' 
 `` it 's important . '' 
 alarm and anger sprang to my chest as the unmistakable identity of the visitor became clear . 
 dabria had dropped by unannounced . 
 `` i have something for you , '' she told patch , her voice a little too smooth , a little too suggestive . 
 i 'll bet you do , i thought cynically . 
 i was tempted to stroll out and give her a warm welcome , but caught myself . 
 chances were , she 'd be more open to talking if she did n't know i was listening . 
 between my pride and potential information , the latter won out . 
 `` we had some luck . 
 the black hand contacted me earlier tonight , '' dabria continued . 
 `` he wanted a meeting , was willing to pay top dollar , and i acquiesced . '' 
 `` he wanted you to read his future , '' patch stated . 
 `` for the second time in two days . 
 we have a very thorough nephil on our hands . 
 thorough , but not as careful as he 's been in the past . 
 he 's making small mistakes . 
 this time he did n't bother dragging along his bodyguards . 
 he said he did n't want our conversation overheard . 
 he told me to read his future a second time , to make sure both versions matched . 
 i pretended not to take offense , but you know i do n't like to be second-guessed . '' 
 `` what did you tell him ? '' 
 `` normally my visions are prophetess-client privilege , but i might be willing to strike a deal , '' she said , her tone hinting toward flirtatious . 
 `` what are you laying on the table ? '' 
 `` prophetess ? '' 
 `` has a certain cachet , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 patch asked . 
 `` first one to name a price loses-you taught me that . '' 
 i thought i heard patch roll his eyes . 
 `` ten thousand . '' 
 `` fifteen . '' 
 `` twelve . 
 do n't press your luck . '' 
 `` always fun doing business with you , jev . 
 just like old times . 
 we made a great team . '' 
 now it was my turn to roll my eyes . 
 `` start talking , '' patch said . 
 `` i foresaw hank 's death , and i gave it to him straight . 
 i could n't give him specifics , but i told him there 's going to be one less nephil in the world very soon . 
 i 'm starting to think ` immortal ' is a misnomer . 
 first chauncey , and now hank . '' 
 `` hank 's reaction ? '' 
 was all patch said . 
 `` he did n't have one . 
 left without a word . '' 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` you should know he 's in possession of an archangel 's necklace . 
 i sensed it on him . '' 
 i wondered if this meant marcie had succeeded in stealing patch 's necklace from me . 
 i 'd invited her over to help me choose the best jewelry for my gown , but oddly , she had n't taken me up on the offer . 
 of course , i would n't put it past hank to give her his house key and tell her to snoop in my bedroom while i was out . 
 `` you would n't happen to know any former archangels who are missing their necklace ? '' 
 dabria asked speculatively . 
 `` i 'll wire your money over tomorrow , '' was patch 's mild answer . 
 `` what does hank want with an archangel 's necklace ? 
 on his way out , i heard him tell his driver to take him to the warehouse . 
 what 's at the warehouse ? '' 
 dabria pressed . 
 `` you 're the prophetess . '' 
 this said with an undercurrent of amusement . 
 dabria 's tinkling laugh resonated through the studio before turning playful . 
 `` maybe i should look into your future . 
 maybe it intersects mine . '' 
 that brought me to my feet . 
 i strolled out , smiling . 
 `` hello , dabria . 
 what a nice surprise . '' 
 she swung around , outrage blazing across her features as her eyes took me in . 
 i stretched my arms over my head . 
 `` i was taking a nap when the pleasant sound of your voice woke me . '' 
 patch smiled . 
 `` i believe you 've met my girlfriend , dabria ? '' 
 `` oh , we 've met , '' i said cheerfully . 
 `` fortunately , i lived to talk about it . '' 
 dabria opened her mouth , then shut it . 
 all the while , her cheeks turned a darker shade of pink . 
 `` seems hank came across an archangel 's necklace , '' patch said to me . 
 `` funny how that worked out . '' 
 `` now we figure out what he plans on doing with it , '' patch said . 
 `` i 'll grab my coat . '' 
 `` you 're staying here , angel , '' patch said in a voice i did n't like . 
 he did n't often hint at his emotions , but there was a clear note of firmness mixed with ... worry . 
 `` you 're taking this one alone ? '' 
 `` first , hank ca n't see us together . 
 second , i do n't like the idea of dragging you into something that could get messy fast . 
 if you need one more reason , i love you . 
 this is uncharted territory for me , but i need to know that at the end of the night , i have you to come home to . '' 
 i blinked . 
 i 'd never heard patch speak to me with this kind of affection . 
 but i could n't just let the matter drop . 
 `` you promised , '' i said . 
 `` and i 'll keep my promise , '' he answered , shrugging into his motorcycle jacket . 
 crossing to me , he tipped his head against mine . 
 do n't think about moving an inch outside this door , angel . 
 i 'll be back as soon as i can . 
 i ca n't let hank put the necklace on the archangel without hearing what he wants . 
 out there , you 're fair game . 
 he 's got one thing he wants-let 's not give him two . 
 we 're going to end this once and for all . 
 `` promise you 'll stay here , where i know you 're safe , '' he said out loud . 
 `` the alternative is i order dabria to stay put and play watch-dog . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows as if asking , what 's it going to be ? 
 dabria and i exchanged a look , neither of our expressions remotely pleased . 
 `` hurry back , '' i said . 
 chapter 29 i paced patch 's studio , self-talking myself out of running after him . 
 he had promised me - promised me-he would n't take hank down on his own . 
 this was my fight as much as it was his , more even , and given all the countless ways hank had made me suffer , i 'd won the right to dole out his punishment . 
 patch had said he 'd find a way to kill hank , and i wanted to be the one to send him into the next life , where the deeds he 'd committed in this life would haunt him for eternity . 
 a voice of doubt crept into my thoughts . 
 dabria was right . 
 patch needs the money . 
 he 's going to deliver hank to the right people , give me a cut of the money , and call it even . 
 between asking permission and begging forgiveness , patch held firmly to the latter-he 'd said so himself . 
 i braced my hands on the back of patch 's sofa , breathing deeply to imitate an air of calm , all the while inventing various ways i might bind and torture him if he returned without hank-alive-in tow . 
 my phone rang , and i shoveled through my messenger bag to answer it . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 short , hard breathing sounded in my ear . 
 `` they 're onto me , grey . 
 i saw them at the devil 's handbag . 
 hank 's men . 
 i bolted . '' 
 `` scott ! '' 
 not the voice i expected , but by no means unimportant . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to say over the phone . 
 i need to get out of town . 
 when i went to the bus station , hank had men there . 
 he has them everywhere . 
 he 's got friends in the police force , and i think he gave them my picture . 
 two cops chased me into a grocery store , but i got away through the back door . 
 i had to leave the charger behind . 
 i 'm on foot . 
 i need cash-as much as you can get-hair dye , and new clothes . 
 if you can spare the volkswagen , i 'll take it . 
 i 'll pay you back as soon as i can . 
 can you meet me in thirty at my hideout ? '' 
 what could i say ? 
 patch had told me to stay put . 
 but i could n't sit back and do nothing while time was running out for scott . 
 hank was currently occupied at his warehouse , and there was no better time to try and get scott out of town . 
 beg forgiveness later , indeed . 
 `` i 'll be there in thirty , '' i told scott . 
 `` you remember the way ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 more or less . 
 as soon as i hung up , i rushed through patch 's studio , opening and closing drawers , grabbing whatever i thought would be useful to scott . 
 jeans , t-shirts , socks , shoes . 
 patch was a couple of inches shorter than scott , but it would have to do . 
 upon opening the antique mahogany armoire in patch 's bedroom , my frantic search slowed . 
 i stood in place , absorbing the sight . 
 patch 's wardrobe was impeccably organized , chinos folded on the shelves , dress shirts on wood hangers . 
 he owned three suits , a tailored black with narrow lapels , a luxurious newman pinstripe , and a charcoal gray with jacquard stitching . 
 a small bin stored silk handkerchiefs , and a drawer held multiple rows of silk ties in every color from red to purple to black . 
 shoes ranged from black running sneakers to converses to italian loafers-even a pair of nubuck flip-flops for good measure . 
 the woodsy scent of cedar lingered in the air . 
 not what i was expecting . 
 at all . 
 the patch i knew wore jeans , t-shirts , and a ratty baseball cap . 
 i wondered if i 'd ever see this side of patch . 
 i wondered if there even was an end to the many sides of patch . 
 the more i thought i knew him , the more the mystery deepened . 
 with these doubts fresh in my mind , i asked myself once more if i thought patch would sell me out tonight . 
 i did n't want to believe it , but the truth was , i was on the fence . 
 in the bathroom , i threw a razor , soap , and shaving cream into a duffel . 
 then a hat , gloves , and mirrored ray-bans . 
 in the kitchen drawers , i found several fake id cards and a roll of cash totaling more than five hundred dollars . 
 patch would be less than thrilled when he discovered the money had gone to scott , but given the circumstances , i could justify playing robin hood . 
 i did n't have a car , but scott 's cave could n't be more than two miles from delphic amusement park , and i set out at a brisk jog . 
 i kept to the shoulder of the road , pulling the hoodie i 'd borrowed from patch over my face . 
 cars streamed steadily out of the park as the hour edged toward midnight , and while a few people honked , i managed not to draw much attention . 
 as the lights leading out of the park thinned , and the road curved toward the highway , i jumped the guardrail and headed down toward the beach . 
 grateful i 'd thought to pack a flashlight , i swept the beam over the craggy rocks and started the most difficult part of the journey . 
 by my estimation , twenty minutes passed . 
 then thirty . 
 i had no idea where i was ; the landscape of the beach had changed very little and the ocean , black and glittering , stretched on forever . 
 i did n't dare call out scott 's name , out of the horrible fear that hank 's men had somehow tracked him and were also combing the beach for him , but every once in a while i stopped to shine the flashlight slowly across the beach , intending to signal my location to scott . 
 ten minutes later a strange birdcal carried down from the rocks above . 
 i stopped , listening . 
 the call came again , louder . 
 i projected the flashlight in the direction of the noise , and a moment later scott hissed , `` put the light away ! '' 
 i clambered up the rocks , the duffel bouncing against my hip . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 'm late , '' i told scott . 
 i threw the duffel at his feet , sinking onto a rock to catch my breath . 
 `` i was at delphic when you called . 
 i do n't have the volkswagen , but i did pack you clothes and a winter hat to hide your hair . 
 there 's five hundred dollars in cash , too . 
 it 's the best i could do . '' 
 i was sure scott was going to question where i 'd managed to find everything on such short notice , but he caught me off guard by taking me into his arms and murmuring a fierce , `` thanks , grey , '' into my ear . 
 `` are you going to be okay ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` the stuff you brought will help . 
 maybe i can hitch a ride out of town . '' 
 `` if i asked you to do something for me first , would you consider it ? '' 
 once i had his attention , i drew in a breath for courage . 
 `` throw away the black hand 's ring . 
 toss it into the ocean . 
 i 've thought this through . 
 the ring is pulling you back toward hank . 
 he put some kind of curse on it , and when you wear it , it gives him power over you . '' 
 i was now positive the ring was enchanted with devilcraft , and the longer it stayed on scott 's finger , the harder it would be to talk him into taking it off . 
 `` it 's the only explanation . 
 think about it . 
 hank wants to find you . 
 he wants to draw you out . 
 and that ring is doing a stel ar job . '' 
 i expected him to protest , but his subdued expression told me that , deep down , he 'd drawn the same conclusion . 
 he just had n't wanted to admit it . 
 `` and the powers ? '' 
 `` they 're not worth it . 
 you made it three months relying on your own strengths . 
 whatever curse hank put on the ring , it 's not good . '' 
 `` is it that important to you ? '' 
 scott asked quietly . 
 `` you 're important to me . '' 
 `` if i say no ? '' 
 `` i 'll do everything i can to get it off your hand . 
 i ca n't beat you in a fight , but i ca n't live with myself if i do n't at least try . '' 
 scott snorted softly . 
 `` you 'd fight me , grey ? '' 
 `` do n't make me prove it . '' 
 to my amazement , scott twisted the ring loose . 
 he held it between his fingers , gazing at it in silent consideration . 
 `` here 's your kodak moment , '' he said , then flung the ring into the waves . 
 i let go of a long breath . 
 `` thank you , scott . '' 
 `` any other last requests ? '' 
 `` yeah , go , '' i told him , trying not to sound as upset as i felt . 
 in an unexpected turn of events , i did n't want him to leave . 
 what if this was good-bye ... for good ? 
 i blinked my eyes rapidly , stalling tears . 
 he blew on his hands to warm them . 
 `` can you check on my mom every once in a while , make sure she 's hanging in there ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell her about me . 
 the black hand will leave her alone as long as he thinks she has nothing to give . '' 
 `` i 'll make sure she 's safe . '' 
 i gave him a light shove . 
 `` now get out of here before you make me cry . '' 
 scott stood in place a moment , a strange look passing over his eyes . 
 it was nervous , but not quite . 
 more expectation , less anxiety . 
 he bent down and kissed me , his mouth closing over mine gently . 
 i was too stunned to do anything but let him finish . 
 `` you 've been a good friend , '' he said . 
 `` thanks for having my back . '' 
 i touched my hand to my mouth . 
 there was so much to say , but the right words twisted out of reach . 
 i was n't looking at scott anymore , but behind him . 
 to the line of nephilim scrambling up the rocks , weapons drawn , eyes focused and hardened . 
 `` hands in the air , hands in the air ! '' 
 they shouted the command , but the words sounded convoluted in my ears , almost as if spoken in slow motion . 
 a strange buzz filled my ears , escalating to a roar . 
 i saw their angry lips moving , their weapons flashing in the moonlight . 
 they swarmed in from every direction , trapping me and scott in a small huddle . 
 the glimmer of hope drained from scott 's eyes , replaced by dread . 
 he dropped the duffel , clasping his hands behind his head . 
 a solid object , an elbow maybe , or a fist , came out of the night air , smashing into his skull . 
 when scott collapsed , i was still grasping for words . 
 even a scream could n't cut through my horror . 
 in the end , the only thing between us was silence . 
 chapter 30 i was crammed into the trunk of a black audi a6 , with my hands tied and a blindfold blocking my vision . 
 i 'd screamed myself hoarse , but wherever the driver was taking me , it had to be remote . 
 he 'd never once attempted to silence me . 
 i did n't know where scott was . 
 hank 's nephilim men had surrounded us at the beach , dragging us off in different directions . 
 i pictured scott chained and helpless in an underground prison , at the mercy of hank 's anger ... i slammed my shoes against the trunk . 
 i rolled side to side . 
 i yelled and screamed-then a choke caught me mid-breath , and i dissolved into sobs . 
 at last the car slowed and the engine was cut . 
 footsteps crunched through gravel , a key scraped the inside of the lock , and the trunk popped open . 
 two sets of hands hauled me out , setting me roughly on solid ground . 
 my legs had fall en asleep on the ride , and an assault of pins stabbed up through the soles of my feet . 
 `` where do you want this one , blakely ? '' 
 one of my captors asked . 
 judging by his voice , he could n't have been more than eighteen or nineteen . 
 judging by his strength , he might as well have been made of steel . 
 `` inside , '' a man , presumably blakely , answered . 
 i was propelled up a ramp and through a door . 
 the space inside was cool and quiet . 
 the air smelled of gasoline and turpentine . 
 i wondered if we were at one of hank 's warehouses . 
 `` you 're hurting me , '' i told the men on either side of me . 
 `` obviously i 'm not going anywhere . 
 ca n't you at least untie my hands ? '' 
 wordlessly , they hauled me up a set of stairs and though a second door . 
 they forced me down onto a metal folding chair , securing my ankles to the chair legs . 
 minutes after they left , the door opened again . 
 i knew it was hank before he spoke . 
 the scent of his cologne filled me with panic and revulsion . 
 his nimble fingers picked at the knot of my blindfold , and it drooped to my neck . 
 i blinked , making sense of the unlit room . 
 aside from a card table and a second folding chair , the room was bare . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i demanded , my voice trembling slightly . 
 scraping the second chair across the floor , he positioned it to face mine . 
 `` to talk . '' 
 `` not in the mood , thanks anyway , '' i said curtly . 
 he leaned toward me , the hard lines around his eyes deepening as he narrowed his gaze . 
 `` do you know who i am , nora ? '' 
 sweat leaked from every pore . 
 `` off the top of my head ? 
 you 're a filthy , lying , manipulative , worthless little - '' his hand lashed out before i saw it coming . 
 he struck my cheek , hard . 
 i recoiled , too shocked to cry . 
 `` do you know i 'm your biological father ? '' 
 he asked , his quiet tone unnerving . '' 
 ` father ' is such an arbitrary word . 
 douche bag , on the other hand ... '' hank gave a subtle nod . 
 `` then let me ask this . 
 is that any way to speak to your father ? '' 
 now tears welled up my eyes . 
 `` nothing you 've done gives you the right to call yourself my father . '' 
 `` be that as it may , you are my blood . 
 you bear my mark . 
 i ca n't deny it any longer , nora , and neither can you deny your destiny . '' 
 i hitched my shoulder , but i could n't lift it high enough to wipe my nose . 
 `` my destiny has nothing to do with yours . 
 when you gave me up as a baby , you forfeited your right to have any say in my life . '' 
 `` despite what you may think , i 've been actively involved in every aspect of your life since the day you were born . 
 i gave you up to protect you . 
 because of fall en angels , i had to sacrifice my family - '' i cut him off with a scornful laugh . 
 `` do n't start with the poor-me routine . 
 quit blaming your choices on fall en angels . 
 you made the decision to give me up . 
 maybe you cared about me back then , but your nephilim blood society is the only thing you care about anymore . 
 you 're a zealot . 
 it 's all on you . '' 
 his mouth thinned , tight as a wire . 
 `` i should kill you right now for making a fool of me , of my society , of the whole nephilim race . '' 
 `` then do it already , '' i spat , rage overshadowing any anxiety i felt . 
 reaching into his coat , he withdrew a long black feather that looked remarkably similar to the one i 'd put in my dresser drawer for safekeeping . 
 `` one of my advisers found this in your bedroom . 
 it 's a fall en angel 's feather . 
 imagine my surprise upon learning that my own flesh and blood is keeping company with the enemy . 
 you had me fooled . 
 hang around fall en angels long enough and their proclivity for deceit rubs off , it seems . 
 is the fall en angel patch ? '' 
 he asked bluntly . 
 `` your paranoia is astounding . 
 you found a feather while pawing through my drawers , so what ? 
 what does that prove ? 
 that you 're a pervert ? '' 
 he sat back , crossing his legs . 
 `` is this really the road you want to take ? 
 i have no doubt the fall en angel is patch . 
 i sensed him in your bedroom the other night . 
 i 've sensed him on you for a while now . '' 
 `` ironic that you 're grilling me when you obviously know more than i do . 
 maybe we should switch seats ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` oh ? 
 and whose feather do you expect me to believe was in your drawer ? '' 
 hank inquired with the slightest trace of amusement . 
 `` your guess is as good as mine , '' i said , defiance dripping from every word . 
 `` i found the feather in the cemetery right after you dumped me there . '' 
 a wicked smile spread across his features . 
 `` my men ripped out patch 's wings in the same cemetery . 
 i daresay it 's his feather . '' 
 i swallowed discreetly . 
 hank had patch 's feather . 
 i had no way of knowing if he understood the power this gave him over patch . 
 i could only pray he did n't . 
 trying to draw attention away from that terrifying thought , i said , `` i know you planned the car crash . 
 i know it was your men who hit us . 
 why the charade ? '' 
 the superior glint in his smile made me uneasy . 
 `` that was next on my list of things to discuss . 
 while you were blacked out , i performed a blood transfusion on you , '' he stated simply . 
 `` i filled your veins with my blood , nora . 
 my purebred nephilim blood . '' 
 a brittle silence crackled between us . 
 `` this kind of operation has never been done before , not successfully , that is , but i 've found a way to tamper with the laws of the universe . 
 so far things have gone better than expected . 
 should i tell you that my biggest worry was that the transfusion would kill you on the spot ? '' 
 i grasped for answers , for some way to make sense of the horrible things he was telling me , but my head was muddled . 
 a blood transfusion . 
 why , why , why ? 
 it could explain why i 'd felt so strange at the hospital . 
 it could explain why hank had appeared so beat and exhausted . 
 `` you used devilcraft to do it , '' i announced nervously . 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` so you 've heard about devilcraft . 
 the angel figured it out ? '' 
 he guessed , not looking pleased . 
 `` why did you perform the transfusion ? '' 
 my mind raced for the answer-he needed me for a sacrifice , a doppelganger , an experiment . 
 if none of those , then what ? 
 `` you 've had my blood inside you since the day your mother gave birth to you , but it was n't pure enough . 
 you were n't a first-generation nephil , and i need you to be a purebred , nora . 
 you 're so close now . 
 all that 's left is to swear a changeover vow before heaven and hell . 
 upon your vow , the close now . 
 all that 's left is to swear a changeover vow before heaven and hell . 
 upon your vow , the transformation will be complete . '' 
 the weight of his words slowly sank in , and it sickened me . 
 `` you thought you could turn me into one of your brainwashed , obedient nephilim soldiers ? '' 
 i rocked violently in the chair , trying to tear free . 
 `` i 've seen a prophecy foretelling my death . 
 i 've been using a device enhanced with devilcraft to look into my future and , just to be sure , got a second opinion . '' 
 i hardly heard him . 
 i was incensed by his confession , trembling with rage . 
 hank had violated me in the worst possible way . 
 he 'd tampered with my life , attempting to twist and mold me as he pleased . 
 he 'd injected his vile , murderous blood into my veins ! 
 `` you 're nephilim , hank . 
 you ca n't die . 
 you do n't die . 
 as much as i wish you would , '' i added on a venomous note . 
 `` both the device and a former angel of death have seen it . 
 their prophecies match . 
 i do n't have long . 
 my last days on earth will be spent preparing you to lead my army against fall en angels , '' he said with the first hint of resignation . 
 it all locked into place . 
 `` you 're running this entire plan on the word of dabria ? 
 she does n't have a gift . 
 she needs money . 
 she ca n't predict the future any more than you or i . 
 did it ever occur to you that she 's probably laughing herself silly right now ? '' 
 `` i rather doubt it , '' he said dryly , as though he knew something i did not . 
 `` i need you to be a purebred nephil , nora , to command my army . 
 to lead my society . 
 to step up as my rightful heir and free nephilim everywhere from bondage . 
 after this cheshvan , we will be our own masters , no longer ruled by fall en angels . '' 
 `` you 're insane . 
 i 'm not doing anything for you . 
 i 'm especially not swearing your vow . '' 
 `` you have the mark . 
 you 've been preordained . 
 do you really think i want you to become the leader of everything i 've built ? '' 
 he said in a hardened voice . 
 `` you are n't the only one who does n't have a choice in the matter . 
 destiny claims us , not the other way around . 
 first there was chauncey . 
 then me . 
 now the responsibility falls to you . '' 
 i glared at him , putting all my hate behind it . 
 `` you want a blood relative to lead your army ? 
 get marcie . 
 she likes ordering people around . 
 she 'll be a natural . '' 
 `` her mom is a purebred nephil . '' 
 `` did n't see that coming , but even better . 
 surely that makes marcie a purebred too ? '' 
 a nice little trio of supremacists . 
 hank 's laugh sounded increasingly weary . 
 `` we never expected susanna to conceive . 
 purebred nephilim do n't mate together successfully . 
 we understood from the beginning that marcie was a bit of a miracle and would never live long . 
 she did n't have my mark . 
 she was always small , frail , struggling to survive . 
 she does n't have long now-her mother and i both feel it . '' 
 a burst of memories rushed out of my subconscious . 
 i remembered talking about this before . 
 about how to kill a nephil . 
 about sacrificing a female descendant who 'd reached the age of sixteen . 
 i remembered my own doubts about why my biological father would give me up . 
 i remembered ... in that one instant , everything became clear . 
 `` that 's why you did n't bother hiding marcie from rixon . 
 that 's why you gave me up , but kept her . 
 you never thought she 'd live long enough to be used as a sacrifice . '' 
 i , on the other hand , had the full package : hank 's nephilim mark and an excellent chance of survival . 
 i 'd been hidden away as a baby to keep rixon from sacrificing me , but in a twist of fate , hank now intended me to lead his revolution . 
 i shut my eyes hard , wishing i could block out the truth . 
 `` nora , '' hank said . 
 `` open your eyes . 
 look at me . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i wo n't swear the vow . 
 not now , not ten minutes from now , not ever . '' 
 my nose dripped , and i could n't wipe it . 
 i did n't know which was more humiliating-that , or the quiver in my lip . 
 `` i admire your bravery , '' he said , his voice deceptively gentle . 
 `` but there are all kinds of bravery , and this one does n't suit you . '' 
 i jumped when his finger tucked a lock of hair behind my ear , an almost fatherly gesture . 
 `` swear the vow to become a purebred nephil and command my army , and i 'll let you and your mother go . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , nora . 
 the choice is yours . 
 swear the vow , and you can shut the door on this night . 
 it will all go away . '' 
 he untied the knots at my wrists ; the rope slithered to the floor . 
 my hands trembled as i kneaded them in my lap , but not from lack of blood . 
 something else he 'd said had filled me with icy dread . 
 `` my mom ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 she 's here . 
 in one of the lower rooms , sleeping . '' 
 the awful sting returned behind my eyes . 
 `` did you hurt her ? '' 
 instead of answering my question , he said , `` i am the black hand . 
 i 'm a busy man , and i 'll be honest , this is the last place i want to be tonight . 
 this is the last thing i want to be doing . 
 but my hands are tied . 
 you hold the power . 
 swear the oath , and you and your mom will walk away together . '' 
 `` did you ever love her ? '' 
 he blinked in surprise . 
 `` your mother ? 
 of course i loved her . 
 at one time , i loved her very much . 
 the world is different now . 
 my vision has changed . 
 i had to sacrifice my own love for the interest of my entire race . '' 
 `` you 're going to kill her , are n't you ? 
 if i do n't swear the vow , that 's what you 'll do . '' 
 `` my life has been defined by difficult choices . 
 i wo n't stop making them tonight , '' he said , a sideways answer to my question that left me with no doubt . 
 `` let me see her . '' 
 hank gestured to a row of windows across the room . 
 i stood slowly , afraid of the condition i might find her in . 
 when i looked out the panel of windows , i realized i was in an office of sorts , overlooking the warehouse below . 
 my mom was curled up on a cot , watched over by three armed nephilim as she slumbered . 
 i wondered if , like me , her perception cleared in her dreams and she saw hank for the monster he really was . 
 i wondered if , when he was gone from her life completely , no longer able to manipulate her , she would see him the way i saw him . 
 it was my answer to those questions that gave me the courage to face hank . 
 `` you pretended to love her so you could get to me ? 
 all those lies for this one moment ? '' 
 `` you 're cold , '' hank said patiently . 
 `` tired . 
 hungry . 
 swear the vow , and let 's end this . '' 
 `` if i swear the vow , and you end up living , as i suspect you will , i want you to swear your own oath . 
 i want you to leave town and disappear from my mom 's life forever . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 `` and i want to call patch first . '' 
 he barked a laugh . 
 `` no . 
 though i see you 've finally come clean about him . 
 you can break the news to him after you 've sworn the vow . '' 
 not surprising . 
 but i 'd had to try . 
 i put all the defiance i possessed into my words . 
 `` i wo n't swear the vow for you . '' 
 i cast my eyes toward the window once more . 
 `` but i will for her . '' 
 `` cut yourself , '' hank instructed , placing a switchblade in my hand . 
 `` swear on your blood to become a purebred nephil and direct my army upon my death . 
 if you break the oath , confess your punishment . 
 your death ... and your mother 's . '' 
 i locked eyes with him . 
 `` that was n't the deal . '' 
 `` it is now . 
 and it expires in five seconds . 
 the next deal will include your friend vee 's death too . '' 
 i glared at him in rage and disbelief , but it was the worst i could do . 
 he had me trapped . 
 `` you first , '' i ordered . 
 if it were n't for the determination etched on his face , he might have looked amused . 
 pricking his skin , he said , `` if i live beyond the next month , i vow to leave coldwater and never come into contact with you or your mother again . 
 if i break this vow , i command my body to turn to dust . '' 
 taking the blade , i screwed the knife tip into my palm , shaking a few drops of blood loose , as i remembered patch doing in his memory . 
 i said a silent prayer that he 'd be able to forgive me for what i was about to do . 
 that in the end , we had a love that would transcend blood and race . 
 i stopped my thoughts there , afraid i would n't go through with it if i allowed myself to think of patch further . 
 with my heart ripping in two different directions , i retreated to some hollow place within and faced the appalling task at hand . 
 `` i swear now , with this new blood running through my veins , that i am no longer human , but a purebred nephil . 
 and if you die , i 'll lead your army . 
 if i break this promise , i understand my mom and i are both as good as dead . '' 
 the vow seemed far too simple for the weight of its consequences , and i turned my steely gaze toward hank . 
 `` did i do it right ? 
 is that all i have to say ? '' 
 with a shrewd nod , he told me all i needed to know . 
 my life as a human was over . 
 i did n't remember leaving hank , or walking away from his warehouse with my mom , who was so heavily drugged she could barely walk . 
 how i got from that tiny room onto the dark streets outside was a blur . 
 my mom shivered violently and muttered indistinct sounds into my ear . 
 i vaguely noted that i , too , was cold . 
 frost hung brittle in the air , my breath condensing a silvery white . 
 if i did n't find shelter soon , i was afraid my mom would suffer hypothermia . 
 i did n't know if my situation was as dire . 
 i did n't know anything anymore . 
 could i freeze to death ? 
 could i die ? 
 what exactly had changed with the vow ? 
 everything ? 
 a car sat abandoned on the street ahead , its tires police-marked for removal , and with little thought , i tested the door . 
 in the first stroke of luck all night , it was unlocked . 
 i laid my mom out gently in the backseat , then went to work on the wires beneath the steering wheel . 
 after several attempts , the engine sputtered to life . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i murmured to my mom . 
 `` we 're going home . 
 it 's over . 
 it 's all over . '' 
 i said the words more to myself , and i believed them because i needed to . 
 i could n't think about what i 'd done . 
 i could n't think about how slow or painful the transformation would happen when it finally triggered . 
 if it needed to be triggered . 
 if there was more to face . 
 patch . 
 i 'd have to face him , and i 'd have to confess what i 'd done . 
 i wondered if i 'd ever feel his arms around me again . 
 how could i expect this not to change everything ? 
 i was n't simply nora grey anymore . 
 i was a purebred nephil . 
 his enemy . 
 i stomped the brake as a pale object staggered into the road ahead . 
 the car swerved to a stop . 
 a pair of eyes swung my way . 
 the girl stumbled , got up , and tottered to the far side of the road , clearly trying to run , but too traumatized to coordinate her movements . 
 the girl 's clothes were ripped , her face frozen in terror . 
 `` marcie ? '' 
 i asked out loud . 
 automatically , i reached across the console , pushing the passenger door open . 
 `` get in ! '' 
 i commanded her . 
 marcie stood there , squeezing her arms around her middle , making small whimpering sounds . 
 i ejected myself out of the car , ran around to her , and folded her inside the seat . 
 she stuck her head between her knees , breathing much too fast . 
 `` i 'm - going-to-vomit . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she continued to gulp air . 
 i dropped behind the wheel and stepped on the gas , not having any desire to hang around this derelict area of town any longer . 
 `` do you have your phone ? '' 
 she made a choked sound at the back of her throat . 
 `` in case you missed it , we 're in a bit of a hurry , '' i said more sharply than i 'd intended , now that i fully realized just who i 'd picked up . 
 hank 's daughter . 
 my sister , if i really wanted to go there . 
 my lying , betraying , fool of a sister . 
 `` phone ? 
 yes or no ? '' 
 she moved her head , but i could n't tell if it was a shake or a nod . 
 `` you 're mad at me for stealing the necklace , '' she said , barely coherent between hiccups . 
 `` my dad tricked me . 
 he made me think it was a prank we 'd play on you together . 
 i left the note on your pillow that night to scare you . 
 ` you 're not safe . ' 
 my dad put some kind of enchantment on me so you could n't see me sneak in . 
 he also did something to the ink so it would disappear after you read the note . 
 i thought it would be funny . 
 i wanted to watch you unravel . 
 i was n't thinking . 
 i went along with everything my dad said . 
 it was like he had this power over me . '' 
 `` listen to me , marcie , '' i told her firmly . 
 `` i 'm going to get us out of here . 
 but if you have a phone , i could really use it right now . '' 
 with trembling hands , she pried open her purse . 
 she rummaged around , then produced her cell phone . 
 `` he tricked me , '' she said , tears leaking from the edges of her eyes . 
 `` i thought he was my dad . 
 i thought he-loved me . 
 if it makes a difference , i did n't give him the necklace . 
 i was going to . 
 i brought it to his warehouse tonight , just like he told me to . 
 but then ... but in the end ... when i saw that girl in the cage ... '' she trailed off . 
 i did n't want to feel anything resembling empathy for marcie . 
 i did n't want her in the car , period . 
 i did n't want her to rely on me , or vice versa . 
 i did n't want any kind of bond between us , but somehow , all of the above managed to be true despite what i wanted . 
 `` please give me the phone , '' i said softly . 
 marcie pushed her phone into my hand . 
 curling her legs up to her chest , she sobbed quietly into her knees . 
 i dialed patch . 
 i had to tell him hank did n't have the necklace . 
 and i had to tell him the horrible truth about what i 'd done . 
 with each ring , i felt the barrier i 'd thrown up , just to get through this , break down . 
 i pictured patch 's face when i told him the truth , the image freezing me . 
 my lip wobbled and my breath caught . 
 his voice mail kicked on and i called vee . 
 `` i need your help , '' i told her . 
 `` i need you to watch my mom and marcie . '' 
 i pulled the phone slightly away from my ear in response to the noise on her end . 
 `` yes , marcie mill ar . 
 i 'll explain everything later . '' 
 chapter 31 it was close to three a.m. i dropped off marcie and my mom , leaving them in vee 's care without any explanation . 
 i 'd shaken my head firmly when vee demanded answers , carefully compartmentalizing every emotion . 
 i 'd left without a word , intending to find a remote road where i could be alone , but soon it became clear that my aimless driving had a clear destination after all . 
 i hardly saw the road as i sped toward delphic amusement park . 
 i screeched into the parking lot , finding myself utterly and completely alone . 
 i had n't dared allow myself to contemplate what i 'd done , but now , surrounded by darkness and still ness , i could n't bear to be brave any longer . 
 i was n't strong enough to hold everything back . 
 bending my head to the steering wheel , i sobbed . 
 i cried for the choice i 'd had to make and for what it had cost me . 
 most of all , i cried because i was at a complete and utter loss as to how to tell patch . 
 it was news i knew i should deliver in person , but i was terrified . 
 how , when we 'd finally reconciled our relationship , could i explain that i 'd turned myself into the very thing he despised above all else ? 
 using marcie 's cell i dialed his number , torn between relief and dread when his voice mail picked up . 
 was he not answering because he did n't know it was me calling ? 
 could he know what i 'd done ? 
 was he avoiding me until he could come to terms with his feelings ? 
 was he cursing me for making such a stupid , stupid decision , even though i 'd had no alternative ? 
 no , i told myself . 
 it was none of those things . 
 patch did n't avoid confrontation-that was my problem . 
 i exited the car and walked solemnly to the gates . 
 i pressed my head to the bars , the cold metal stinging my skin , but the pain did n't compare to the ache of regret and longing burning inside me . 
 patch ! 
 i cried out silently . 
 what have i done ? 
 i rattled the bars , seeing no way to get in , when a metal ic groan jarred me alert . 
 the steel in my hands bent as though made of clay . 
 i blinked through the confusion before it struck me . 
 i was no longer human . 
 i was truly nephilim , and i had the strength and power of one . 
 a horrifying fascination tingled up my spine at the prospect of my new powers . 
 if i 'd been looking for a way to convince myself that i could undo the oath , i was rapidly approaching the point of no return . 
 prying the bars wide enough apart to squeeze through , i jogged into the park , slowing when i neared the shed leading down to patch 's studio . 
 my fingers trembled as i turned the doorknob . 
 with heavy feet , i crossed the shed and lowered myself through the trap-door . 
 using trial and error , and relying heavily on my memory , i found the right door . 
 i stepped inside patch 's studio and immediately knew something was wrong . 
 i sensed the lingering traces of a violent confrontation in the air . 
 it was n't something i could explain , but the evidence was there , as palpable as if i 'd read it on paper . 
 following an invisible trail of energy , i moved cautiously through patch 's studio , still unsure what to make of the strange vibrations all around . 
 i nudged his bedroom door open with my foot , and that was when i saw the secret door . 
 one of the black granite walls was rolled slightly to the right , opening to a shadowy corridor beyond . 
 water puddled on the dirt floor . 
 mounted torches burned with smoky brightness . 
 the sound of footsteps echoed from the corridor , and my stomach tightened . 
 the torchlight ill uminated the chiseled lines of patch 's face and the edge in his black eyes , which looked right through me , absorbed in thought . 
 his features were so merciless , i could do nothing but stand , paralyzed . 
 i could n't look at him , and i could n't not look . 
 i was filled with diminishing hope and surging shame . 
 just as i was about to shut my eyes to tears , his gaze shifted and our eyes met . 
 one look from him , and the weight fell away . 
 my defenses dissolved . 
 i walked toward him , slowly at first , my body shaking with emotion , then running into his arms , unable to be away from him any longer . 
 `` patch-i-don ' t know where to begin ! '' 
 i said , bursting into tears . 
 he clutched me against him . 
 `` i know everything , '' he murmured roughly into my ear . 
 `` no you do n't , '' i protested miserably . 
 `` hank made me swear a vow . 
 i 'm not-that is-i 'm no longer - '' i could n't make myself say it . 
 not to patch . 
 i could n't tolerate it if he rejected me . 
 even the slightest halting in his expression , a gleam of scorn in his eyes ... he gave me a light shake . 
 `` it 's all right , angel . 
 listen to me . 
 i know about the changeover vow . 
 believe me when i say i know everything . '' 
 i sobbed into his shirt , twisting my fingers into it . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` i came back and you were gone . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 scott was in trouble . 
 i had to help . 
 and i ruined everything ! '' 
 `` i went out to find you . 
 the first place i looked was with hank . 
 i thought he 'd tricked you into leaving . 
 i dragged him back here and got him to confess everything . '' 
 he exhaled , a haggard sound . 
 `` i can tell you how my night played out , but you should see for yourself . '' 
 he tugged his shirt over his head . 
 pressing my finger gently to patch 's scar , i concentrated on what i wanted to know . 
 mainly what had happened after patch had left the studio a few short hours ago . 
 i was tugged inside the dark recesses of his mind , a cacophony of voices rushing past my ears , while faces blurred together much too fast to pinpoint . 
 it felt as though i were lying on my back on a street at night , horns beeping , tires whizzing dangerously close . 
 hank , i thought with all my energy . 
 what happened after patch left to find hank ? 
 one car veered toward me , and i was plunged headlong into its headlights ... the memory opened on a murky street corner outside hank 's warehouse . 
 it was n't the one i 'd successfully broken into , rather the one scott and i had first attempted to take pictures of . 
 the air was damp and heavy , the stars hidden behind cloud cover . 
 patch moved silently down the sidewalk , approaching what could only be hank 's guard from behind . 
 he leaped at him , dragging him backward in a punishing embrace before the guard could so much as squawk . 
 patch deprived the man of his weapons , tucking them into the waistband of his jeans . 
 to my amazement , gabe-the same gabe who 'd tried to kill me behind 7-eleven-strolled out of the shadows ahead . 
 dominic and jeremiah followed . 
 all three shared a wicked smile . 
 `` well , well , what do we have here ? '' 
 gabe asked in a mocking undertone , brushing dirt off the nephil guard 's collar . 
 `` keep him quiet until i give the signal , '' patch said , handing the guard over to dominic and jeremiah . 
 `` better not fail me , bro , '' gabe said to patch . 
 `` i 'm counting on the black hand being on the other side of that door . '' 
 he lifted his chin at the warehouse 's side door . 
 `` you come through for me , and i 'll forget any past grievances . 
 you end up wrong about this , and i 'll show you what it feels like to have a tire iron rammed into your wing scars ... every day for a solid year . '' 
 patch merely answered with a cool , measured look . 
 `` wait for my signal . '' 
 he edged up to the small window encased in the door . 
 i followed , peering through the glass . 
 i saw the caged archangel . 
 i saw a handful of hank 's nephilim men . 
 but to my surprise , marcie mill ar stood just feet away , her posture withdrawn , her eyes wide and frightened . 
 what could only be patch 's archangel 's necklace dangled from her bloodless hands , and her gaze flicked surreptitiously to the door patch and i hid behind . 
 there was a loud commotion as the archangel bucked wildly , kicking at the bars of her cage . 
 hank 's men instantly lashed back with blue-glowing chains , no doubt enchanted with devilcraft , sending them whipping against her body . 
 after repeated strikes , her skin adopted the same unearthly bluish glow as the chains , and she crouched in submission . 
 `` would you like the honors ? '' 
 hank proposed to marcie , holding his hand out to indicate the necklace . 
 `` or if you 'd rather , i 'll place it on her neck . '' 
 by now , marcie was trembling . 
 her complexion was ashen and she cowered , saying nothing . 
 `` come , darling , '' hank urged her . 
 `` there 's nothing to be afraid of . 
 my men have secured her . 
 she wo n't hurt you . 
 this is what it means to be nephilim . 
 we have to take a stand against our enemies . '' 
 `` what are you going to do to her ? '' 
 marcie stammered . 
 hank laughed , but he sounded weary . 
 `` put the necklace on her , of course . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` and then she 'll answer my questions . '' 
 `` why does she have to be in the cage if you only want to talk to her ? '' 
 hank 's smile thinned . 
 `` give me the necklace , marcie . '' 
 `` you said you wanted me to get the necklace as a prank . 
 you said it was a joke we 'd play on nora together . 
 you never said anything about her . '' 
 marcie sent a terrified glance at the caged archangel . 
 `` the necklace , '' hank ordered , hand out . 
 marcie backed along the wall , but her eyes gave her away-they flashed briefly to the door . 
 hank made a convulsive movement toward her , but she was faster . 
 she shoved through the door , almost running headlong into patch . 
 he steadied her , his eyes briefly locking on his archangel 's necklace dangling from her hand . 
 `` do the right thing , marcie , '' he told her in a low voice . 
 `` that does n't belong to you . '' 
 i suddenly realized that the events of this memory must have happened moments after i 'd left the warehouse with my mom-and just before i 'd picked up marcie off the streets . 
 i 'd missed patch by a matter of minutes . 
 all that time he 'd been busy rounding up gabe and his crew to go against hank . 
 chin quivering , marcie nodded and stretched forth her hand . 
 wordlessly , patch pocketed his necklace . 
 then he commanded her in a steely tone , `` go . '' 
 not a moment later , he signaled to gabe , jeremiah , and dominic . 
 they rushed forward , swarming through the door and into the warehouse . 
 patch brought up the rear , shoving hank 's guard in with him . 
 at the sight of the band of fall en angels , hank made a throttled sound of incredulity . 
 `` not a single nephil in here has sworn fealty , '' patch told gabe . 
 `` have at it . '' 
 gabe flashed a grin around the room , eyes landing on each nephil individually . 
 his gaze lingered longest on hank , burning with something almost greedy . 
 `` he meant to say none of you strapping lads have sworn fealty ... yet . '' 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 hank seethed . 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 gabe answered , cracking his knuckles . 
 `` when my buddy patch here said he knew where i could find the black hand , he sparked my interest . 
 did i mention i 'm in the market for a new nephilim vassal ? '' 
 the nephilim in the room held their places , but i could read the dread and tension on every one of their faces . 
 i was n't sure what patch had planned , but clearly this was part of it . 
 he 'd told me he 'd have a hard time finding fall en angels who 'd help him rescue an archangel , but maybe he 'd found a way to recruit their help after all . 
 by offering up spoils of war . 
 gabe motioned jeremiah and dominic to spread out , each taking a side of the room . 
 `` ten of you , four of us , '' gabe told hank . 
 `` do the math . '' 
 `` we 're stronger than you think , '' hank countered with a malicious smile . 
 `` ten on four . 
 those do n't sound like good odds to me . '' 
 `` funny , i was thinking they sounded pretty damn enticing . 
 you remember the words , do n't you , black hand ? 
 ` lord , i become your man . ' 
 start rehearsing . 
 i 'm not leaving until you sing them to me . 
 you 're mine , nephil . 
 mine , '' gabe finished with a mocking jab of his finger . 
 `` do n't just stand there , '' hank exploded at his men . 
 `` bring this arrogant fallen angel to his knees ! '' 
 but hank did n't stick around to shout further orders . 
 he bolted through the door . 
 gabe 's laughter rang from the rafters . 
 he strolled to the door and flung it open . 
 his voice boomed into the night . 
 `` scared , nephil ? 
 you 'd better be . 
 here i come . '' 
 at this , every nephilim in the building fled through the front and rear exits . 
 jeremiah and dominic chased after them , whooping and holl ering . 
 patch stood in the vacated warehouse , facing the archangel 's cage . 
 he approached her and she drew back with a warning hiss . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , '' patch told her , keeping his hands where she could see them . 
 `` i 'm going to unlock the cage and let you go . '' 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 she rasped . 
 `` because you do n't belong here . '' 
 her eyes , ringed with exhaustion , darted over his face . 
 `` and what do you want in return ? 
 what mysteries of the world do you want answered ? 
 what lies will you whisper sweetly into my ear for the truth ? '' 
 opening the door to the cage , patch reached inside slowly , taking her hand . 
 `` i do n't want anything except for you to hear me out . 
 i do n't need a necklace to make you talk , because i think once you hear what i have to say , you 'll want to help . '' 
 the archangel hobbled out of the cage , reluctantly leaning her weight on patch , her blue-glowing legs clearly impaired by devil-craft . 
 `` how long will i be like this ? '' 
 she asked , tears jumping to her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , but i think we can both agree the archangels will be able to help . '' 
 `` he cut my wings off , '' she whispered hoarsely . 
 a nod . 
 `` but he did n't rip them out . 
 there 's hope . '' 
 `` hope ? '' 
 she repeated , eyes flashing . 
 `` you see something hopeful in all this ? 
 that makes one of us . 
 what kind of help do you want anyway ? '' 
 she inquired miserably . 
 `` i want a way to kill hank mill ar , '' patch said bluntly . 
 a dull laugh . 
 `` and now that makes two of us . '' 
 `` you can make it happen . '' 
 she opened her mouth to protest , but he cut her off . 
 `` the archangels have tampered with death at least once before , and they can do it again . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` four months ago one of chauncey langeais 's female descendants threw herself off the rafters of her high school gym , a sacrifice that ended up killing him . 
 her name is nora grey , but i can tell by the look on your face you 've heard of her . '' 
 patch 's words shocked me . 
 not because what he 'd said sounded foreign . 
 in one of his other memories i 'd heard myself say i killed chauncey langeais , but on coming out of the memory , i 'd stubbornly denied it . 
 now there was no closing my eyes to the truth . 
 the fog in my mind shifted , and in a succession of flashes , i saw myself standing in the gym at school , several months ago . 
 with chauncey langeais , a nephil who wanted to kill me to hurt patch . 
 a nephil who did n't realize i was his descendant . 
 `` what i want to know is why her sacrifice did n't kill hank mill ar , '' patch said . 
 `` hank was the most direct nephil in her line . 
 something tells me the archangels have their hand in this . '' 
 the archangel stared back wordlessly . 
 patch had visibly cracked her composure , which had been the archangel stared back wordlessly . 
 patch had visibly cracked her composure , which had been whittled down to threadbare from the start . 
 with a faint smile of mockery , she said at last , `` any other conspiracy theories ? '' 
 patch shook his head . 
 `` not a theory . 
 a cover-up-the archangels ' cover-up . 
 i missed it at first , but when i realized what happened , i knew the archangels had tampered with death . 
 you let chauncey die in hank 's place . 
 given the problems hank has created for you , why ? '' 
 `` you really think i 'm going to talk about this with you ? '' 
 `` then you get to hear my theory after all . 
 here 's what i think . 
 i think just about five months ago the archangels found out that chauncey and hank had started dabbling in devilcraft , and they wanted it stopped . 
 believing hank was the lesser of two evils , the archangels approached him first . 
 the archangels would have foreseen nora 's sacrifice , and they decided to offer hank a deal . 
 they 'd let chauncey die in his place , if hank agreed to leave devilcraft alone . '' 
 `` your imagination astounds , '' the archangel said , but her voice came out haggard , and i knew patch was onto something . 
 `` you have n't heard the end of the story , '' patch said . 
 `` i 'm betting hank sold chauncey out . 
 and then he sold the archangels out . 
 picking up where chauncey left off , he 's been using devilcraft ever since . 
 the archangels want him out of the picture before he passes the knowledge on to anyone else . 
 and they want devilcraft back where it belongs-in hell . 
 that 's where i come in . 
 i 'm asking for the archangels to tamper with death one more time . 
 let me kill hank . 
 he 'll carry the knowledge of devilcraft to his grave , and if my theory is as dead on as i 'm betting it is , that 's exactly what you and the rest of the archangels want . 
 of course , i 'm sure you have your own reasons for wanting hank dead , '' patch added meaningfully . 
 `` pretend for a moment the archangels could tamper with death . 
 i could n't make that decision on my own , '' she said . 
 `` it would require a unanimous vote . '' 
 `` then let 's take it to the table . '' 
 the archangel spread her hands wide . 
 `` in case it is n't obvious , i 'm not at the table . 
 i do n't have a way to get from here to there . 
 i ca n't fly . 
 i ca n't call home , jev . 
 as long as i 'm cursed with devilcraft , i 'm an invisible spot on their radar . '' 
 `` the power in an archangel 's necklace is stronger than devil-craft . '' 
 `` i do n't have my necklace , '' she said wearily . 
 `` you 're going to use my necklace . 
 talk to the archangels . 
 present my idea and take a vote . '' 
 he pulled his archangel 's necklace from his pocket and unclasped it for her . 
 `` how do i know this is n't a trick ? 
 how do i know you wo n't force me to answer your questions ? '' 
 `` you do n't . 
 the only thing you have at the moment is faith . '' 
 `` you 're asking me to trust a known betrayer . 
 a banished angel . '' 
 her eyes locked with his , searching his face , which was as opaque as a lake at midnight . 
 `` that was a long time ago , '' he said quietly , holding his necklace out to her again . 
 `` turn around and i 'll put it on you . '' 
 `` faith , '' she repeated just as softly . 
 her eyes seemed to weigh her options . 
 trust patch , or tackle her problems alone . 
 at last she turned and lifted her hair . 
 `` put it on . '' 
 chapter 32 my breathing slowed as i realized patch 's arms were secure around me . 
 we were sitting on the floor in his bedroom , and i was leaning back against him . 
 he rocked me gently , murmuring soothing sounds in my ear . 
 `` so that 's that , '' i said . 
 `` i really did kill chauncey . 
 i killed a nephil . 
 an immortal . 
 i killed someone . 
 indirectly , but still . 
 i killed . '' 
 `` your sacrifice should have killed hank . '' 
 i nodded numbly . 
 `` i saw you tell the archangel . 
 i saw everything . 
 you used gabe , jeremiah , and dominic to clear the warehouse and get her alone . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did gabe find hank and force him to swear fealty ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he would have , but i got to hank first . 
 i was n't completely up-front with gabe . 
 i let him think i 'd give him hank , but i had dabria waiting outside the warehouse . 
 the moment hank surfaced , she grabbed him . 
 when i came back here and found you gone , i thought he 'd gotten to you . 
 i called dabria and hauled hank here to interrogate him . 
 i 'm sorry about dabria , '' he apologized . 
 `` i took her with me because i do n't care what happens to her . 
 she 's disposable . 
 you 're not . '' 
 `` i 'm not mad , '' i said . 
 dabria was the least of my worries . 
 i had a much bigger concern hammering inside me . 
 `` did the archangels vote ? 
 what 's going to happen to hank ? '' 
 `` before they voted , they wanted to talk to me . 
 given everything that 's happened , they do n't trust me . 
 i told them if they 'd let me kill hank , they would n't have to worry about devilcraft anymore . 
 i also reminded them that if hank dies , you 'll become the leader of his nephilim army . 
 i promised them you 'd stop the war . '' 
 `` whatever it takes , '' i said , nodding impatiently . 
 `` i want hank gone . 
 was the vote unanimous ? '' 
 `` they want this mess behind them . 
 they 've given me the green light on hank . 
 we have until sunrise . '' 
 it was then that i noticed the handgun on the floor beside his leg . 
 he said , `` i promised i would n't take this moment from you , and if that 's still what you want , then i 'll close my argument on the subject forever . 
 but i ca n't let you walk into this blindly . 
 hank 's death will stay with you forever . 
 you ca n't take it back , and you 'll never forget it . 
 i 'll kill him , nora . 
 i 'll do it if you 'll let me . 
 the option is there . 
 it 's your choice to make , and i 'll stand beside you either way , but i want you prepared . '' 
 i did n't flinch . 
 i picked up the gun . 
 `` i want to see him . 
 i want to look in his eyes and see his regret when he realizes where his choices have left him . '' 
 only the briefest moment passed before patch accepted my decision with a nod . 
 he led me into the secret corridor . 
 the only light flickered from the mounted torches . 
 the flames ill uminated the first several feet down the corridor , but after that , i could see nothing through the suffocating blackness . 
 i followed patch deeper and deeper , the corridor gently leading us downhill . 
 at last a door appeared . 
 patch tugged on the iron ring pull , and the door swung toward us . 
 inside , hank was ready . 
 he lunged for patch . 
 manacles brought him up short , catching his fists midair . 
 with a chuckle that sounded too insane for my liking , he said , `` do n't fool yourself into thinking you 'll get away with this . '' 
 his eyes gleamed with equal parts approval and hatred . 
 `` like you thought you could fool the archangels ? '' 
 came patch 's level response . 
 hank 's eyes narrowed warily . 
 his gaze fell on the gun in my hand , registering it for the first time . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 he asked in truly chilling tones . 
 i raised the gun , aiming it at hank . 
 i took satisfaction in watching his face cloud with confusion , then hostility . 
 `` would someone tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` your time is up , '' patch told him . 
 `` we 've made our own agreement with the archangels , '' i said . 
 `` what agreement ? '' 
 hank snarled , rage seething from every word . 
 i narrowed my aim to his chest . 
 `` you 're not immortal anymore , hank . 
 death came knocking after all . '' 
 he gave a short , incredulous laugh , but the fearful glint in his eyes told me he believed me . 
 `` i wonder what it will be like for you in the next life , '' i murmured . 
 `` i wonder if , right now , you 're second-guessing the life you 've built . 
 i wonder if you 're rethinking every decision , and trying to figure out where it all went wrong . 
 do you remember the countless people you used and hurt ? 
 do you remember each of their names ? 
 do you see my mom 's face ? 
 i hope so . 
 i hope her face haunts you . 
 eternity is a long time , hank . '' 
 hank beat against the chains so violently , i thought they would snap . 
 `` i want you to remember my name , '' i told hank . 
 `` i want you to remember that i did for you what you should have done for me . 
 showed a little mercy . '' 
 his wild , vindictive expression was suddenly etched with guarded speculation . 
 he was a clever man , but i was n't sure he 'd guessed my intentions just yet . 
 `` i 'm not going to lead your nephilim uprising , '' i told him , `` because you 're not going to die . 
 in fact , you 're going to live quite a bit longer . 
 granted , you wo n't be living at the ritz . 
 unless patch intends to upgrade this chamber . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows at patch , asking him to weigh in . 
 what are you doing , angel ? 
 he murmured to my thoughts . 
 to my amazement , my ability to speak to his mind came naturally . 
 an instinctive switch flipped in my brain , and i channeled my words by sheer mental power . 
 i 'm not going to kill him . 
 and you are n't either , so do n't get any ideas . 
 and the archangels ? 
 we had a deal . 
 this is n't right . 
 his death should n't be our call . 
 i thought this was what i wanted , but you were right . 
 if i kill him , i 'll never forget . 
 i 'll carry him with me forever , and that 's not what i want . 
 i want to move on . 
 i 'm making the right decision . 
 and though i kept it to myself , i knew the archangels were using us to do their dirty work . 
 i for one had had enough of getting my hands dirty . 
 to my surprise , patch did n't argue . 
 he faced hank . 
 `` i prefer it cold , dark , and cramped . 
 and i 'll soundproof it . 
 that way , no matter how loud or long you holler , you 'll only have your own misery to keep you company . '' 
 thank you , i told patch , putting all my sincerity behind my words . 
 a wicked smile crept to his mouth . 
 death was too good for him . 
 more fun this way . 
 if the mood had n't been so grave , i might have laughed . 
 `` this is what you get for believing dabria , '' i told hank . 
 `` she 's not a prophetess ; she 's a psychopath . 
 live and learn . '' 
 i gave hank the opportunity for any final words , but as i expected , he was speechless . 
 i 'd hoped , at the very least , for a fumbled attempt at an apology , but i had n't set my heart on it . 
 instead hank 's final exchange came in the form of a strange , faint smile of anticipation . 
 the effect unnerved me slightly , but i supposed that was what he intended . 
 a hush filled the small cell . 
 the tension crackling the air ebbed away . 
 banishing all thought of hank , i became acutely aware of patch standing behind me . 
 there was a distinct change in the air , shifting from uncertainty to relief . 
 exhaustion drained through me . 
 its first casualty were my hands , which started to shake . 
 my knees also trembled , then my legs . 
 the draining sensation swept through me like a dizzy spell . 
 the walls of the cell , the stale air , even hank seemed to spin away . 
 the only thing keeping me grounded was patch . 
 without warning , i flung myself into his arms . 
 he pressed me back against the wall with the force of his kiss . 
 a shudder of relief rippled through him , and i sank my fingers into his shirt , dragging him against me , needing him close in a way i never had before . 
 his mouth pressed and tasted mine . 
 there was nothing expert about the way he kissed now ; in the cool darkness of the cell , hot urgency bound us together . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' he murmured into my ear . 
 i was about to agree , when i saw fire out of the corner of my eye . 
 at fist i thought one of the torches had fall en from a bracket . 
 but the flame danced in hank 's hand , a mesmerizing , unearthly blue glow . 
 it took me a moment to understand what my eyes were seeing but refused to believe . 
 realization dawned one piece at a time . 
 hank juggled a ball of sizzling blue fire in one hand and patch 's black feather in the other . 
 two vastly different objects ; one light , one dark . 
 moving inextricably closer together . 
 a thread of smoke coiled up from the tip of the feather . 
 there was n't time to shout a warning . 
 there was n't time at all . 
 in that thinnest of moments , i raised the gun . 
 i squeezed the trigger . 
 the shot flung hank back against the wall , arms outstretched , mouth open in surprise . 
 he never moved again . 
 chapter 33 patch did n't bother digging a grave for the body . 
 it was dark , an hour or two before sunrise , and he dragged it to the coast , just beyond delphic 's gates , and with a nudge of his boot , rolled it off the cliffs and into the raging waves below . 
 `` what will happen to him ? '' 
 i asked , huddling into patch for warmth . 
 the icy winds ripped at my clothes , painting a layer of frost over my skin , but the real chil came from within , cutting bone deep . 
 `` the tide will drag him out , and the sharks will have an easy meal . '' 
 i shook my head to signify he 'd misunderstood . 
 `` what will happen to his soul ? '' 
 i could n't help but wonder if the things i 'd said to hank were true . 
 would he suffer every moment for the rest of time ? 
 i shook aside any remorse i felt . 
 i had n't wanted to kill hank , but in the end , he 'd left me no choice . 
 patch stayed silent , but i did n't miss that he held me tighter , closing his arms protectively around me . 
 he ran his hands briskly over my arms . 
 `` you 're freezing . 
 let me take you back to my place . '' 
 i held my ground . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i killed hank . 
 i have to lead his men , but what will i do with them ? '' 
 `` we 'll figure it out , '' patch said . 
 `` we 'll come up with a plan , and i 'll be by your side until we see it through . '' 
 `` do you really believe it will be that easy ? '' 
 patch made a short sound of amusement . 
 `` if i wanted easy , i 'd chain myself in hell beside rixon . 
 the two of us could kick back and soak up the rays together . '' 
 i gazed down at the waves , dashing themselves to pieces against the rocks . 
 `` when you made the deal with the archangels , were n't they worried you 'd talk ? 
 this ca n't look good for them . 
 all you 'd have to do is spread rumors that devilcraft can be harnessed , and you 'd incite a black-market feeding frenzy among nephilim and fall en angels . '' 
 `` i swore an oath not to talk . 
 that was part of the deal . '' 
 `` could you have asked for anything in exchange for your silence ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 patch tensed , and i sensed he 'd guessed the direction of my thoughts . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 he said blandly . 
 it did . 
 now that hank was dead , the haze shrouding my memory was burning off like clouds under the sun . 
 i could n't remember entire reels of memories , but pictures were there . 
 flashes and glimpses that grew stronger by the minute . 
 hank 's power , and control over me , was dying alongside him , leaving me wide open to remember everything patch and i had struggled through together . 
 the tests of betrayal , loyalty , trust . 
 i knew what made him laugh , what set him off . 
 i knew his deepest desire . 
 i saw him so clearly . 
 so breathtakingly clearly . 
 `` could you have asked them to make you human ? '' 
 i felt him exhale slowly , and when he spoke , there was a raw honesty in his voice . 
 `` the short answer to that question is yes . 
 i could have . '' 
 tears blurred my vision . 
 i was overcome by my own selfishness , even though rationally , i knew i had n't made patch 's decision for him . 
 still . 
 he 'd made it because of me , and my guilt tossed and churned as stormily as the sea below . 
 upon seeing my reaction , patch made a sound of disagreement . 
 `` no , hear me out . 
 the long answer to that question is that everything about me has changed since meeting you . 
 what i wanted five months ago is different from what i want today . 
 did i want a human body ? 
 yes , very much . 
 is it my top priority now ? 
 no . '' 
 he looked at me with serious eyes . 
 `` i gave up something i wanted for something i need . 
 and i need you , angel . 
 more than i think you 'll ever know . 
 you 're immortal now . 
 and so am i . 
 that 's something . '' 
 `` patch - , '' i began , shutting my eyes , my heart hanging from a thread . 
 his mouth brushed my earlobe , a searing flutter-weight pressure . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 his voice was straightforward , affectionate . 
 `` you make me remember who i used to be . 
 you make me want to be that man again . 
 right now , holding you , i feel like we have a shot at beating all odds and making it together . 
 i 'm yours , if you 'll have me . '' 
 just like that , i forgot that i was thoroughly soaked , shivering , and poised to be the next leader of a nephilim society i wanted nothing to do with . 
 patch loved me . 
 nothing else was important . 
 `` love you back , '' i said . 
 he bowed his head into my throat , groaning softly . 
 `` i loved you long before you loved me . 
 it 's the only thing i have you beat at , and i 'll bring it up every chance i get . '' 
 his mouth , pressed to my skin , took on a devilish curve . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 i 'm taking you back to my place , this time for good . 
 we have unfinished business , and i think it 's time we do something about it . '' 
 i hesitated , one big question looming in my mind . 
 sex was a big deal . 
 i was n't sure i was ready to complicate our relationship-or my life-that way , and that was only top on a long list of repercussions . 
 if a fall en angel who slept with a human created a nephil-a being that was never meant to inhabit earth-what happened when a fall en angel slept with a nephil ? 
 based on what i 'd seen of the icy relationship between angels and nephilim , it probably had n't happened yet , but that only made me more leery of the consequences . 
 as much as i 'd been content in the past to make the archangels out as the bad guys , a shred of doubt crept into my mind . 
 was there a reason angels were n't supposed to fall in love with mortals , or in my case , a nephil ? 
 an archaic rule meant to divide our races ... or a safeguard against tampering with nature and destiny ? 
 patch had once said the only reason the nephilim race existed was because fall en angels sought revenge for being forced out of heaven . 
 to get even with the archangels for banishing them , they 'd seduced the very humans they had previously been charged to protect . 
 they 'd gotten revenge all right . 
 and stirred up an underground war that had been raging for centuries : fall en angels on one side , nephilim on the other , and human pawns trapped in the middle . 
 even though it scared me to think it , patch had promised it would end with the annihilation of an entire race . 
 which one was yet to be seen . 
 all because a fall en angel wandered into the wrong bed . 
 `` not yet , '' i said . 
 patch arched a dark eyebrow . 
 `` not yet to leaving , or not yet to leaving with me ? '' 
 `` i have questions . '' 
 i gave him a meaningful look . 
 a smile tugged at his mouth , but it did n't mask a wavering note of uncertainty . 
 `` i should have known you 've only been keeping me around for answers . '' 
 `` well , that and your kisses . 
 anyone ever tell you you 're an incredible kisser ? '' 
 `` the only person whose opinion i care about is right here . '' 
 he tipped my chin up to level our eyes . 
 `` we do n't have to go back to my place , angel . 
 i can take you home , if that 's what you want . 
 or , if you decide you want to sleep at my place , on opposite sides of my bedroom with a do not cross line drawn down the middle , i 'll do it . 
 i wo n't like it , but i 'll do it . '' 
 touched by his sincerity , i hooked my finger under his shirt , trying to find the right gesture to show my appreciation . 
 my knuckle brushed toned skin beneath , and desire shattered me . 
 why , oh why , did he make it so easy to feel too much , all sensation , blazing and devouring , and forget reason ? 
 `` if you have n't guessed it already , '' i said , something fervent and resonating slipping into my tone , `` i need you , too . '' 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 he asked , pushing his fingers through my hair , fanning it out around my shoulders and searching my face intently . 
 `` please let it be yes , '' he said with a gravelly edge . 
 `` stay with me tonight . 
 let me hold you , even if that 's all it is . 
 let me keep you safe . '' 
 as my answer , i slipped my fingers between his , twining us together . 
 i met his kiss with unrepentant boldness , greedy and reckless , feeling his touch loosen my joints , melting me in places i did n't know existed . 
 breaking me down , one kiss at a time , reeling me further and further out of control , casting me into solid heat , dark and provocative , until there was only him , and only me . 
 until i did n't know where i stopped and he began . 
 chapter 34 the sun had burned through half the day by the time patch parked his motorcycle in front of the farmhouse . 
 i swung off , a silly smile plastered on my face , a warm glow permeating every inch of skin . 
 perfection . 
 i was n't naive enough to think it would last , but there was something to be said about living in the moment . 
 i 'd already decided to file dealing with my new purebred nephilim blood , and all the consequences that were bound to come with it , including how my transformation would manifest itself and ruling hank 's army , under future concerns . 
 right now , i had everything i could ask for . 
 it was n't a long list , but it was a very satisfying one , starting with the love of my life back in my arms . 
 `` i had fun last night , '' i told patch , flicking off my chin strap and handing over my helmet . 
 `` i 'm officially in love with your sheets . '' 
 `` that the only thing you 're in love with ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 your mattress , too . '' 
 some smile crept into patch 's eyes . 
 `` my bed 's an open invitation . '' 
 we had n't slept with a do not cross line drawn down the middle of the bed , because we had n't slept together , period . 
 i took the bed and patch got the sofa . 
 i knew he wanted more from me , but i also knew he wanted my head in the right place . 
 he 'd said he could wait , and i believed him . 
 `` give me an inch , i 'll take a mile , '' i warned . 
 `` you should be worried i might confiscate it . '' 
 `` i 'd consider myself a lucky man . '' 
 `` only downside to your place is the disturbingly low amount of extraneous toiletries . 
 no conditioner ? 
 lip gloss ? 
 sunscreen ? '' 
 i jerked my thumb toward the front door . 
 `` i need to brush my teeth . 
 and i need a shower . '' 
 he grinned , hopping off the bike . 
 `` now that is an invitation . '' 
 reaching up on my tiptoes , i kissed him . 
 `` when i finish , it 's d-day . 
 i 'm going over to vee 's to pick up my mom , and i 'm telling both of them the truth . 
 hank is gone , and it 's time to come clean . '' 
 i was n't looking forward to the conversation , but i 'd waited long enough . 
 all this time i 'd told myself i was protecting vee and my mom , but i was using lies to keep them from the truth . 
 i was forcing them into the darkness because i was scared they could n't handle the light . 
 even i knew the logic was messed up . 
 i unlocked the front door , tossing my keys into the dish . 
 i had n't made it three steps before patch snagged my elbow . 
 one look at his face , and i knew something was wrong . 
 before patch could shield me behind his body , scott stepped out from the kitchen . 
 he made a beckoning gesture , and two other nephilim moved into the hallway beside him . 
 both appeared about scott 's age . 
 tall and muscular with hard-bitten features . 
 they eyed me with open curiosity . 
 `` scott , '' i said , dodging around patch and hurrying toward him . 
 i threw my arms around him , hugging him fiercely . 
 `` what happened ? 
 how did you escape ? '' 
 `` given the circumstances , it was decided i 'd be more effective on the front lines than locked up . 
 nora , meet dante matterazzi and tono grantham , '' he said . 
 `` both are first lieutenants in the black hand 's army . '' 
 patch crossed to us . 
 `` you brought these men into nora 's home ? '' 
 he said , eyeing scott as though he 'd like to snap his neck . 
 `` easy , man . 
 they 're cool . 
 they can be trusted , '' scott said . 
 patch 's laugh was low and predatory . 
 `` reassuring news coming from a known liar . '' 
 a muscle in scott 's cheek contracted . 
 `` sure you want to play this game ? 
 you 've got just as many skeletons in your closet . '' 
 oh boy . 
 `` hank 's dead , '' i told scott , not seeing any reason to put it gently , or give patch and scott further time to swap testosterone-fueled insults . 
 scott nodded . 
 `` we know . 
 show her the sign , dante . '' 
 dante stepped forward . 
 he was over six and a half feet tall and swarthy , and his latin looks lived up to his name . 
 he extended his hand . 
 a ring identical to the one scott had tossed into the ocean fit his index finger snugly . 
 it glowed blue and wild , and the light seemed to skitter behind my eyes even after i 'd shut them . 
 `` the black hand told me this would happen if he died , '' dante explained . 
 `` scott 's right . 
 it 's a sign . '' 
 scott said , `` that 's why i was released . 
 the army is in pandemonium . 
 nobody knows what to do . 
 cheshvan is almost here and the black hand had plans for war , but his men are restless . 
 they 've lost their leader . 
 they 're starting to panic . '' 
 i waded through this information . 
 a thought struck me . 
 `` they released you because you knew how to find me-hank 's next in line ? '' 
 i guessed , eyeing dante and tono warily . 
 scott might trust them , but i had yet to make up my own mind . 
 `` like i said , these guys are clean . 
 they 've already confessed loyalty to you . 
 we have to get as many nephilim behind you as possible before this falls apart . 
 the last thing we need right now is a coup . '' 
 i felt light-headed . 
 actually , a coup sounded pretty appealing . 
 someone else wanted this job ? 
 fine by me . 
 dante spoke again . 
 `` prior to his death , the black hand notified me that you agreed to take on the role of commander upon his death . '' 
 i swallowed , not having expected this moment to arrive so quickly . 
 i knew what had to be done , but i 'd hoped for more time . 
 to say i 'd been dreading this moment was an understatement . 
 i looked all three of them in the eye in turn . 
 `` yes , i swore a vow to lead hank 's army . 
 here 's what 's going to happen . 
 there is n't going to be a war . 
 go back to the men and tell them to disband . 
 all nephilim who 've sworn an oath of fealty are bound by a law that no army , no matter how great , can overthrow . 
 to go into battle at this point would be suicide . 
 fall en angels are already planning retribution , and our only hope is to make it clear we are n't going to fight them . 
 not this way . 
 it 's over - and you can tell your men that 's an order . '' 
 dante smiled , but his expression held an edge . 
 `` i 'd rather not discuss this with a fall en angel hanging around . '' 
 he leveled his eyes at patch . 
 `` give us a minute ? '' 
 i said , `` i think it 's pretty obvious that asking patch to leave is pointless . 
 i 'm going to tell him everything . '' 
 at dante 's sore expression , i added , `` when i swore the oath to hank , i never said anything about breaking up with patch . 
 that 's right . 
 your new nephil leader is dating a fall en angel . '' 
 let the talk begin . 
 dante 's curt nod was anything but accepting . 
 `` then let 's get one thing straight . 
 this is n't over . 
 stalled , maybe , but not over . 
 the black hand stirred up a revolution , and calling it off is n't going to be enough to settle the dust . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried about settling the dust . 
 i 'm worried about the nephilim race as a whole . 
 i 'm thinking about what 's best for everyone . '' 
 scott , dante , and tono shared a silent look . 
 at last dante seemed to speak for all three . 
 `` then we have a bigger problem . 
 because nephilim think rebel ion is best for them . '' 
 `` how many nephilim ? '' 
 patch asked . 
 `` thousands . 
 enough to fill a city . '' 
 dante 's eyes cut toward mine . 
 `` if you do n't lead them to freedom , you 'll break your vow . 
 in short , your head 's on the line , nora . '' 
 i stared at patch . 
 stand your ground , he spoke calmly to my thoughts . 
 tell them the war is off and there 's no room for negotiation . 
 `` i swore an oath to lead hank 's army , '' i told dante . 
 `` i never promised freedom . '' 
 `` if you do n't declare war on fall en angels , you 're going to instantly make enemies with thousands of nephilim , '' he responded . 
 and if i do , i thought weakly , i might as well declare war on the archangels . 
 they 'd allowed hank to die because patch promised them i 'd quel the uprising . 
 i returned my attention to patch , and i knew we were sharing the same grisly thought . 
 either way , war was coming . 
 all i had to do now was decide my opponent . 
