 prologue a shadow glided over the frozen hills , moving too quick to likely be cast by something of this earth . 
 being that it really was n't attached to anything was a sure sign of what it was and where it was heading . 
 and that would be straight toward dawson black . 
 oh , goodie gumdrops . 
 arum . 
 just thinking the name filled the back of his mouth with a metallic taste . 
 the sob had come like a druggie after his favorite fix . 
 they always traveled in fours , and one of them had already been killed the night before , which left three more of the greasy bastards out there-and one was heading straight for him . 
 dawson stood and stretched out his muscles , then brushed the clumps of snow off his jeans . 
 the arum had come way too close to their home this time . 
 the rocks were supposed to protect them , to throw off the unique wavelengths that set them apart from the humans , but the arum had found them . 
 close as the length of a football field from the one thing he 'd give his life in a heartbeat to protect . 
 yeah , screw that . 
 something had to be done . 
 and that something was taking two of the three , which meant the remaining one would be a tad peeved . 
 they wanted to play ? 
 whatever . 
 bring it . 
 stalking out to the middle of the clearing , he welcomed the biting wind that brushed the hair off his forehead . 
 it reminded him of being on the top of seneca rocks , staring out over the valley . 
 it was always cold as crap up there . 
 eyes narrowing , he started to count down to ten . 
 at five , he closed his eyes and let his human skin slip away , replaced by pure power-a light that pulsed with that bright sheen of blue . 
 shedding his human form was like taking off too-tight clothes and running nak * d. freedom-not real freedom , because god knew they were n't really free , but this was the closest thing to it . 
 by the time he reached one , the arum had crested the hill , speeding toward him like a bullet heading straight for a brain . 
 waiting until the last second , he darted to the side and spun , pulling forth the power the enemy coveted . 
 no wonder . 
 the stuff was like a nuclear bomb in a bottle . 
 toss it and watch it go boom . 
 he launched a nice bolt of it at the arum , hitting what appeared to be his shoulder . 
 in his true form , the arum was nothing more than thick shadows that seeped oily arms and legs , but the rush of power connected with something . 
 the impact spun the arum around and as he came back , something pitch-black and slick shot toward dawson . 
 he dodged the missile . 
 what they had was n't nearly as powerful . 
 more like napalm . 
 burned like a bitch , but it would take a lot more jabs to bring down a luxen . 
 obviously , that was n't how an arum killed . 
 give up , young one , the arum taunted , rising in the dark sky . 
 you ca n't defeat me . 
 i promissse to make it painlesss . 
 dawson gave a mental eye roll . 
 sure the arum would . 
 as painless as eating the last ice cream in the house and facing down his sister . 
 darting across the clearing , he sent bolt after bolt of the good stuff at the arum . 
 hitting and missing . 
 the damn thing stayed up in the trees , the perfect camouflage . 
 well , he had a plan for that . 
 lifting arms encased in light , he smiled as the trees began to shake . 
 a thundering groan echoed throughout the valley , and then the trees broke free from the ground . 
 shooting straight up into the sky , the trees had large clumps of dirt hanging from their chunky , snake-like roots . 
 spreading his arms wide , he threw the trees back , revealing the rat bastard . 
 gotcha , he shot back . 
 he let loose another jolt of power and it raced across the space between them , hitting the arum in the chest . 
 falling out of the sky like a torpedo , the arum spun toward the ground , flashing in and out of his true form . 
 dawson caught a glimpse of leather pants and laughed . 
 this weak excuse for an enemy was decked out like one of the village people . 
 he landed in a bumpy heap a few feet away , twitching for a couple of seconds and then going still . 
 in his true form , the thing was huge . 
 at least nine feet long and shaped like the blob . 
 and he ... smelled like metal ? 
 cold , sharp metal . 
 weird . 
 dawson drifted over to check he was really dead before he headed back home . 
 it was late . 
 school was early - the arum rose up . 
 gotcha . 
 and man , did he get owned . 
 a split second later , the arum was on him like ugly on an ape . 
 christ . 
 for a moment , dawson lost his form and was back in his worn jeans and light sweater . 
 black strands of hand obscured his eyes as the shadow slipped over the ground at an alarming rate . 
 thick tentacles reached out , arching in the air like cobras , then struck , punching straight into dawson 's stomach . 
 he screamed for the first time in his life , really let loose like a pansy , but damn , the arum got him . 
 like a match thrown on a pool of gasoline , fire swept through his body as the arum drained him . 
 his light-his very essence-flickered wildly , casting a whitish-blue halo onto the dark , bare branches overhead . 
 he could n't hold his form . 
 human . 
 luxen . 
 human . 
 luxen . 
 the pain ... it was everything , his whole being . 
 the arum was taking long drags , sucking dawson 's power right down to his core . 
 he was dying . 
 dying on ground so frozen that life had n't even begun to seep back through again . 
 dying before he 'd ever really gotten to see this human world and experience it without all the rules handicapping him . 
 dying before he even knew what love really was . 
 how it felt and tasted . 
 this was so freaking unfair . 
 dammit , if he got out of here alive , he was going to really live . 
 screw this . 
 he would live . 
 another long , sucking drag and swallow by the arum , and dawson 's back bowed off the ground . 
 his wide eyes saw nothing ... then a faster , brighter light that burned a whitish-red lit up his entire world , shooting among the still-standing trees , coming at them faster than sound . 
 brother . 
 pulling back , the arum tried to take his human form . 
 vulnerable as he was in his true form , he would n't stand a chance with him . 
 none of the arum did . 
 dawson was betting that arum even knew the name to the light , had whispered it in fear . 
 a dry , rasping laugh caught in dawson 's throat . 
 his brother would love that . 
 white light crashed into the shadowy form , throwing the arum back several feet . 
 trees shook and the ground rolled , tossing him to and fro like he was nothing more than a pile of limp socks . 
 and the light took up a fighter stance before him , protective and ready to give his life for his family . 
 a series of bolts of intense light shot over dawson , smacking into the arum . 
 a keening , high-pitched wail pierced the sky . 
 a dying sound . 
 god , did he hate that sound . 
 and probably should 've waited to hear it before he 'd approached the arum earlier . 
 water under the bridge . 
 since the draining had been cut off , feeling was returning to his limbs . 
 pins and needles spread up his legs , over his chest . 
 sitting up , he still flickered in and out . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw his brother back the arum up and then take human form . 
 bold . 
 brazen . 
 he 'd kill the arum by hand . 
 show off . 
 and he did . 
 pulling out a knife made of obsidian , he launched himself at the arum , said something in a menacing tone before shoving the blade deep into his stomach . 
 a gurgle cut off another wail . 
 as the arum splintered into smoky , shadowy pieces , dawson concentrated on who he was-what he was . 
 closing lids that were n't really there in his true form , he pictured his human body . 
 the form he came to favor over his luxen one and connected to in a way that should 've brought forth a wealth of shame but never really did . 
 `` dawson ? '' 
 his brother called out , then spun around and rushed to his side . 
 `` are you okay , man ? '' 
 `` freaking peachy . '' 
 `` christ . 
 do n't ever scare me like that again . 
 i thought - '' daemon cut off , dragging his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i mean it . 
 do n't ever scare me like that again . '' 
 dawson climbed to his feet without help , standing on shaky legs and swaying a little to the left . 
 he looked into eyes that were identical to his own . 
 no more words needed to be spoken . 
 no thanks necessary . 
 not when there were still more out there . 
 chapter 1 students filed into class , yawning and still trying to rub the sleep out of their eyes . 
 melted snow dripped off their parkas and pooled on the scuffed floor . 
 dawson stretched out his long legs , propping them on the empty seat in front of him . 
 idly scratching his jaw , he watched the front of the room as lesa strolled in , making a face at kimmy , who looked horrified by what the snow had done to her hair . 
 `` it 's just snow , '' lesa said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` it 's not going to hurt you . '' 
 kimmy smoothed her hands over her blond hair . 
 `` sugar melts . '' 
 `` yeah , and shit floats . '' 
 lesa took her seat , yanking out last night 's english homework . 
 a deep , low chuckle came from behind , and dawson grinned . 
 the girl cracked him up . 
 kimmy flipped her off as she flounced to her seat , her eyes trained on him like she was planning her next meal . 
 dawson gave her a tight smile back , though he knew he should 've just ignored her . 
 to kimmy , any attention appeared to be good attention , especially since she had broken up with simon . 
 or had simon broken up with her ? 
 hell if he knew or really cared , but he did n't have it in him to completely ignore her . 
 placing a zebra-print bag on her desk , kimmy continued to smile at him for another good ten seconds before looking away . 
 he shook out his shoulders , positive he 'd just been visually molested-and so not in a good way . 
 the laugh came again , and then in a voice low enough only for him to hear , `` playa . 
 playa ... '' stretching his arms back , he smacked at his brother 's face as he grinned . 
 `` shut up , daemon . '' 
 his brother knocked his hands out of his face . 
 `` do n't hate the game ... '' dawson shook his head , still half smiling . 
 a lot of people , mostly humans , did n't get daemon like he and his sister did . 
 very few made him laugh like daemon did . 
 and even fewer pissed him off as much . 
 but if dawson ever needed anything or if there was an arum nearby , daemon was the man . 
 or luxen . 
 whatever . 
 a portly older man strolled into class , clutching a stack of papers that signaled their quizzes had been graded . 
 a chorus of groans traveled through the room , with the exception of daemon and him . 
 they knew they totally aced it without even trying . 
 dawson picked up his pen , rolling it between long fingers and sighing . 
 tuesday was already shaping up to be another long day of boring classes . 
 he 'd rather be outside , hiking in the woods despite the snow and brutal cold . 
 his aversion to school was n't as bad as daemon 's , though . 
 some days were worse than others , but dawson found his classmates made the experience more tolerable . 
 he was like his sister in that way , a people person hidden in an alien body . 
 he smirked . 
 seconds before the bell rang , a girl hurried into class , clutching a yellow slip of paper in her hand . 
 immediately , he knew the chick was n't from around here . 
 the fact she was in a sweater and not a heavy jacket when it was below thirty outside sort of gave it away . 
 his gaze roamed down her legs-really nice , long , and curvy-to her thin flats . 
 yep , she was n't from around here . 
 handing over the paper to the teacher , she lifted her slightly sharp chin and gazed across the room . 
 dawson 's feet hit the floor with an audible thump . 
 holy crap , she was ... she was beautiful . 
 and he knew beautiful . 
 their race had won the genetic roulette when they adopted human forms , but the way this girl 's elfin features were pieced together was absolute perfection . 
 chocolate-colored hair slid over her shoulders as she kept scanning the room . 
 her skin held a healthy glow from being out in the sun a lot-recently , too , from the vibrancy of it . 
 finely groomed eyebrows set off tilted eyes framed with heavy lashes . 
 warm brown eyes connected with his , then his shoulder , and then she blinked several times as if trying to clear her vision . 
 that kind of look happened a lot when people saw daemon and him together for the first time . 
 they were identical , after all . 
 black wavy hair , same swimmer 's build , both of them well over six feet . 
 they shared the same features : broad cheekbones , full mouths , and extraordinarily bright green eyes . 
 other than their own kind , no one could tell them apart . 
 something both boys loved using to their advantage . 
 dawson grinded his molars until his jaw ached . 
 for the first time , he wished there was n't a carbon-copy image of him . 
 that someone would look at him-really see him and not the mirror image right beside him . 
 and that was a completely unexpected reaction . 
 but then her gaze found his again and she smiled . 
 the pen slipped from his suddenly limp fingers , rolled across the desk , and clattered onto the floor . 
 heat swept across his cheeks , but his own lips responded , and there was nothing fake or forced about his reaction . 
 daemon snickered as he leaned over , smacking down on the pen with his sneaker . 
 embarrassed to the nth degree , dawson swiped his pen from under his brother 's shoe . 
 mr. patterson said something to her , drawing her attention , and she laughed . 
 feeling that husky sound all the way to his toes , he sat straighter in his seat . 
 a prickly feeling spread over his skin . 
 as the tardy bell rang , she headed straight for the seat in front of him . 
 screw hiking in the snow . 
 this was so not going to be another boring tuesday . 
 she started digging around in her bag , searching for a pen , he guessed . 
 part of him knew it was a perfect excuse to break the ice . 
 he could just offer her a pen , say hello , and go from there . 
 but he was frozen in his seat , torn between wanting to lean forward to see what kind of perfume she was wearing and not wanting to look like a total creep . 
 he kept his ass planted firmly in the chair . 
 and ... stared at the chocolate strands of her hair where they curled over the back of her seat . 
 dawson scratched his neck , shoulders twitching . 
 what was her name ? 
 and why in the hell did he care so much ? 
 this was n't the first time he was attracted to a human girl . 
 hell , many of their kind hooked up with them , since males outnumbered their females two to one . 
 he had . 
 even his usually superior-complex-ridden brother had when he was n't with his on-and-off-again girlfriend , but still ... glancing over her shoulder , the girl swept up her lashes , and she locked eyes with him . 
 strangest thing happened then . 
 dawson felt the years peel away . 
 years of moving , of making and losing friends . 
 of seeing those of his kind he had grown to care for die at the hands of the arum or the dod . 
 years of trying to fit in with humans but never really becoming one of them . 
 all of it just ... slipped away . 
 dazed by the sudden lifting of weight , all he could do was stare . 
 stare like a freaking idiot . 
 but she stared right back . 
 the new girl shifted her gaze , but those warm , whiskey-colored eyes came right back to his . 
 her lips tipped up at the corners in a small smile , and then she faced the front of the class again . 
 daemon cleared his throat and shifted his desk . 
 his brother demanded in a low voice , `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 most of the time , daemon knew what he was thinking . 
 same with dee . 
 they were triplets , closer than most of the luxen . 
 but right now , dawson knew without a doubt that daemon had no clue what he was thinking . 
 ` cuz if he did , he would 've fallen out of his chair . 
 dawson let out a breath . 
 `` nothing-i 'm not thinking anything . '' 
 `` yeah , '' his brother said , sitting back . 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 ... after the bell rang , bethany williams gathered up her bag and headed into the hallway without hanging around . 
 being the new kid sucked . 
 there were no friends to chat with or walk to the next class with . 
 strangers surrounded her , which was just perfect considering she was living in a strange house and she was seeing a lot of her uncle , who was also a complete stranger to her . 
 and she needed to find her next class . 
 glancing down at her schedule , her eyes narrowed at the faded printout . 
 room 20 ... 3 ? 
 or was it room 208 ? 
 great . 
 west virginia was where printers went to die . 
 shouldering her bag , she dodged around a group of girls huddled across from her english class . 
 no stretch of the imagination to think they were waiting on the incredibly hot duo in her class to come out . 
 good god , she 'd lived in nevada her whole life and never once saw anyone who looked like that , let alone two of them . 
 who knew west virginia was hiding such hotness ? 
 and those eyes , they were ... wow . 
 a vibrant , untarnished green that reminded her of fresh spring grass . 
 those peepers were something else . 
 if she 'd known this before , she would 've begged her parents to move here a hell of a lot sooner just for the eye candy . 
 shame snapped on the heels of that thought . 
 her family was here because her uncle was sick , because it was the right thing to do , and not - `` hey , hold up . '' 
 the unfamiliar deep timbre of a boy 's voice rolled down her spine , and she slowed , glancing over her shoulder . 
 she came to an abrupt stop . 
 it was half of the incredibly hot duo . 
 calling to her , right ? 
 because he was looking straight at her with those eyes , grinning with lips that were full on the bottom , almost too perfect . 
 she suddenly had a mad desire to start painting his face with the new oil colors her mom had bought her . 
 snapping out of it , she forced her mouth to work . 
 `` hi , '' she squeaked . 
 hot , really hot ... the boy grinned , and her chest did a little flutter . 
 `` i wanted to introduce myself , '' he said , catching up to her . 
 `` my name is dawson black . 
 i 'm the - '' `` you were the twin sitting behind me in english . '' 
 surprise flooded his face . 
 `` how 'd you know ? 
 most ca n't tell us apart . '' 
 `` your smile . '' 
 flushing , she wanted to hit herself . 
 your smile ? 
 wow . 
 she glanced down at her schedule quickly , realizing she had to go to the second floor . 
 `` i mean , the other one did n't smile at all , like , the entire class . '' 
 he chuckled at that . 
 `` yeah , he 's worried that smiling will give him premature wrinkles . '' 
 bethany laughed . 
 funny and cute ? 
 me likey . 
 `` and you 're not worried ? '' 
 `` oh , no , i plan on aging gracefully . 
 looking forward to it . '' 
 his grin was easy , lighting up eyes that could n't be real . 
 they had to be contacts . 
 he continued . 
 `` cocoon is my favorite movie , actually . '' 
 `` cocoon ? '' 
 she busted out laughing , and his grin tipped higher . 
 `` i think that 's my great-great-great grandmother 's favorite movie . '' 
 `` i think i might like your great-great-great grandmother . 
 she 's got good taste . '' 
 leaning around her , he opened one side of the heavy double doors . 
 students veered out of his way as if he was a self-contained wrecking ball . 
 `` you ca n't go wrong with it . 
 eternal youth . 
 aliens . 
 shiny things in the pool . '' 
 `` pod people ? '' 
 she added , dipping under his outstretched arm-a nice , well-defined arm that stretched the material of his sweater . 
 cheeks flushing , she quickly averted her eyes and headed up the stairs . 
 `` so , you 're big on the golden oldies ? '' 
 she felt him shrug beside her . 
 in the wide stairwell that smelled faintly of mold and gym socks , he remained right by her side , leaving a small space for people to get around them . 
 dawson looked over her shoulder as they rounded the landing . 
 `` what class do you have next ? '' 
 holding up the schedule , she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` uh ... history in room ... '' he grabbed the paper from her hand , quickly scanning it . 
 `` room 208 . 
 and it 's your lucky day . '' 
 since a guy like him was chatting with her , she was going to have to agree . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` two things , '' he said , handing the schedule back to her . 
 `` we have art and then last period-gym-together . 
 or it could just be my lucky day . '' 
 unbelievably hot . 
 funny . 
 and knew all the right things to say ? 
 score . 
 he held the second door open for her , and she added `` gentleman '' to the list . 
 biting her lip , she searched for something to say . 
 finally , she asked , `` what class do you have next ? '' 
 `` science on the first floor . '' 
 her brows shot up as she glanced around . 
 as expected , people were definitely staring . 
 mostly girls . 
 `` then why are you on the second floor ? '' 
 `` because i wanted to be . '' 
 he said it so matter-of-factly that she had the impression he made a habit of doing whatever he wanted on a regular basis . 
 his eyes met hers and held them . 
 something in his stare made her feel hyperaware of herself-of everything around her . 
 in a sudden moment of clarity , she knew her mom would take one look at a guy like dawson and send her off to an all girls ' school . 
 boys like him usually left a trail of broken hearts as long as the mississippi behind them . 
 and she should be running into her class-which could n't be too far away now-as fast as she could , because the last thing bethany wanted was another broken heart . 
 but she was just standing there , not moving . 
 neither of them was . 
 this ... this was intense . 
 more so than the first time she kissed a boy . 
 the kicker was they were n't even touching . 
 she did n't even know him . 
 needing space , she stepped to the side and swallowed . 
 yep , space was a good idea . 
 but his concentrated stare still reached her from behind thick lashes . 
 without breaking eye contact , he motioned toward a door over his shoulder . 
 `` that 's room 208 . '' 
 okay . 
 say something or nod , you idiot . 
 definitely not making a good impression here . 
 what eventually came out of her mouth was sort of horrifying . 
 `` are your eyes real ? '' 
 aw , hell , awkward much ? 
 dawson blinked , as if the question surprised him . 
 how could it ? 
 people had to ask him that all the time . 
 she 'd never seen eyes like the twins ' . 
 `` yeah , '' he drawled . 
 `` they 're real . '' 
 `` oh ... well , they 're really pretty . '' 
 heat swept across her cheeks . 
 `` i mean , they 're beautiful . '' 
 beautiful ? 
 she needed to stop talking now . 
 his grin went right back to full wattage . 
 she liked it . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side . 
 `` so ... you 're going to leave me hanging ? '' 
 out of the corner of her eye , she noticed a tall blond boy who looked as if he 'd stepped off the pages of a teen magazine . 
 he caught sight of dawson and stopped abruptly , causing another guy to barrel into his back . 
 with a half grin , the tall boy apologized but never took his eyes off dawson . 
 and they were blue , like cornflower blue . 
 none of her paints could even hope to capture the intensity of the color . 
 just like she was equally sure they would never be able to do justice to dawson 's eyes , either . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she said , focusing on dawson . 
 `` your name ? 
 you never told me what your name is . '' 
 `` elizabeth , but everyone calls me bethany . '' 
 `` elizabeth . '' 
 he repeated her name as if he were tasting the sound . 
 `` does bethany come with a last name ? '' 
 heat crept up her neck as she gripped the strap on her bag . 
 `` williams-my last name is williams . '' 
 `` well , bethany williams , this is where i have to leave you . '' 
 goodness , he sounded genuinely dismayed . 
 `` for now . '' 
 `` thank - '' `` no need . '' 
 as he backed away from her , his eyes glimmered under the light . 
 dazzling . 
 `` we 'll see each other soon . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 chapter 2 all the roads just outside of petersburg looked the same to bethany . 
 three times she missed the turnoff for her new home-an old farmhouse that had been converted into a livable space . 
 the road was narrow , marked only by a minuscule white post , and surrounded by trees . 
 being used to suburban america , she was way out of her element . 
 even the gps in her car had run screaming several miles back . 
 ugh . 
 and thank god for snow chains . 
 her sedan would never make the trek up or down the gravel road to the old farmhouse otherwise . 
 but the place was beautiful-the snow-capped mountains , thick elm trees , and rolling white hills . 
 her fingers itched to put it on canvas . 
 just like her fingers were itching to do something else . 
 something she really should n't do . 
 painting a boy 's face was obsessive on a stalkerish level , and good god , if her mom snuck through her paintings again ? 
 she 'd have a stroke . 
 freezing drizzle smacked bethany 's face when she hopped out of the car and nearly busted her ass on the slick driveway as she skirted around her uncle 's porsche . 
 doctors made good money . 
 childish giggles and the aroma of sugar cookies greeted bethany as she dropped her messenger bag inside the door . 
 she shook off the frozen rain and took one step forward . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 her mom 's voice rang out like an alarm-a damn carpet alarm . 
 `` take off those shoes ! '' 
 rolling her eyes , bethany kicked off the shoes and placed the tips of her soaked flats on the edge of the carpet . 
 ha . 
 take that , mom . 
 happy with her lame attempt at rebellion , she followed the sweet smell to a kitchen worthy of the food network . 
 mom liked to cook . 
 clean . 
 cook some more , and keep a near-fanatical eye on bethany . 
 one look and everyone knew why her mom was determined to keep a hawkish eye on her daughter 's virtue . 
 jane williams was young . 
 like in , partied a little too hard one night and at age sixteen , got knocked up young . 
 bethany never met her biological dad and really did n't have the desire to search him out . 
 her real dad was the one who 'd raised her-the only one who mattered . 
 her mom was bound and determined to prevent bethany from making the same mistake . 
 in other words : she went private-eye on beth 's social life like nothing else . 
 but since bethany turned sixteen last month , she figured she 'd loosen up eventually . 
 hopefully . 
 mom was at the kitchen table , mixing a bowl of dough while beth 's two-year-old half brother watched . 
 there was more sugary dough on phillip 's face than in the bowl , but he seemed to be having a good time . 
 he looked over at her , and the shock of his red hair and the splatter of freckles on his cheeks made him look so different from her . 
 brown eyes were the only thing they shared . 
 that and a love for raw cookie dough . 
 darting around the table , bethany scooped up a handful of dough . 
 `` yum , '' she said , widening her eyes comically at him . 
 phillip giggled , clasping a mound of the dough . 
 chunks fell to the floor . 
 oh , no . 
 code red in the kitchen . 
 strands of dark hair fell out of her mom 's french twist as she sighed . 
 `` look at what you 've done , elizabeth . '' 
 popping the sugary goodness in her mouth , bethany grabbed paper towels off the stainless steel countertop . 
 `` it 's not going to rot the floor , mom . '' 
 as bethany cleaned up the mess , phillip reached for her with chubby arms . 
 she tossed the trash , then pulled him out of the high chair . 
 cradling the little guy against her hip , she glided around the kitchen like she was dancing . 
 pressing her forehead against his flushed one , she grinned . 
 `` what 's going on , little butt ? '' 
 he roared with laughter at that , but her mom sighed as she smacked a ball of dough on the cookie sheet . 
 `` i wish you would n't call him that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 bethany made faces as she twirled around the island . 
 `` little butt likes being called little butt , because he has such a little butt . '' 
 a smile cracked her mom 's face . 
 `` how was your first day ? '' 
 bethany leaned back , avoiding a face full of dough that had probably been in phillip 's mouth . 
 yuck . 
 `` it was okay . 
 a much smaller school , but it has a kick-butt art class . '' 
 `` language , '' her mom admonished . 
 `` were the kids nice ? '' 
 kick butt , she mouthed at phillip . 
 `` butt , '' he repeated . 
 bethany nodded as she dipped him over her arm . 
 `` yeah , they seemed pretty cool . '' 
 one in particular seemed really cool , but she was n't going down that road . 
 `` do you know what cool is , little butt ? '' 
 `` uh huh ! '' 
 he nodded for extra effort . 
 grinning , she stopped beside her mom and bumped her with her hip . 
 a piece of dough hit the table . 
 `` have you talked to dad ? 
 does he like the job in fairfax ? '' 
 her mom scooped at the piece of dough and placed it on the napkin . 
 a clean house was a happy house-her mom 's official motto . 
 bethany loved to turn on the tv show hoarders whenever her mom was in the room . 
 she went apocalyptic . 
 `` your father would be happy anywhere , as long as there were ledgers and counting involved . '' 
 love filled her smile . 
 `` but he hates the drive . 
 nearly three hours . 
 he might get an apartment halfway , just to cut back on the time . '' 
 bethany frowned . 
 `` that blows . '' 
 her mom nodded and finished off the last row . 
 she stood , making her way to the double ovens . 
 `` it is what it is . '' 
 sliding the tray in , she closed the door and straightened . 
 `` anyway , i 'm glad your first day was good and you made friends . '' 
 made friends ? 
 ah , not really . 
 bethany placed phillip back in the high chair and grimaced at the feeling of sugar coating her hands . 
 slobber-covered sugar ... gross . 
 she went to the sink and scrubbed her hands like a surgeon preparing for an operation . 
 the only person she 'd really talked to was dawson . 
 her cheeks flushed . 
 he 'd made the empty seat beside her in art his home and proceeded to drill her with questions about nevada and her old school . 
 gym was boys vs. girls ping-pong , so no talking there . 
 but there was a lot of smiling and that - the slow , uneven footsteps cut off her internal swoon-fest . 
 looking over her shoulder , she turned off the water . 
 her slim , frail uncle appeared in the doorway of the kitchen . 
 skin grayish and pasty , he was bald , and the flannel robe hung off his shoulders . 
 he looked like death . 
 and she felt like a tool for even thinking that . 
 drying off her hands , she hoped her face did n't convey what she was thinking . 
 but then he looked at her . 
 dark shadows surrounded bloodshot , pale eyes . 
 he knew . 
 sick people always knew . 
 diverting her eyes , she went over to phillip and pretended to be engrossed in whatever he was jabbering about . 
 honestly , she was still surprised her mom had packed up everything and moved out here . 
 she 'd never been close to her brother or her family , given that the whole teenage-pregnancy thing had been frowned upon . 
 but that was her mom . 
 blood was thicker than water . 
 her brother-her perfect , md-carrying brother was sick with some kind of blood disease , and she 'd rushed to his side . 
 her mother spun around and let out a startled gasp . 
 rushing over , she wrapped an arm around his shoulders and led him to the table . 
 `` will , what are you doing out of bed ? 
 you know you 're not supposed to be walking around after one of your treatments . '' 
 uncle will sat stiffly . 
 `` it 's chemo , not a bone marrow transplant . 
 moving around is good . 
 it 's what i need to be doing instead of lying in a bed all day . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 her mom hovered over him . 
 `` but you look so ... tired . '' 
 his hairless brows shot down . 
 wrong words . 
 bethany shook her head . 
 `` you look better , '' she said , and poked phillip 's belly , loving the sound of his giggle . 
 `` the treatment helped ? '' 
 a brittle smile appeared . 
 `` it 's working like it should . 
 i 'm not terminal . '' 
 being a doctor and getting sick must suck . 
 you 'd know all the statistics , the treatments , the side effects , and prognoses inside and out . 
 no escaping the truth behind the disease or cushioning what was to come . 
 and bethany hated being around it . 
 did that make her a terrible person ? 
 uncle will was family . 
 but death had never really touched her life . 
 neither had sickness outside of a cold or flu . 
 uncle will was staying with them while he went through his treatments . 
 once he was feeling better , he 'd move back into his own house , but they 'd still stay here . 
 the close call with death had her mom yearning to make what was left of her family close-knit . 
 mom buzzed around uncle will some more , making him a cup of hot tea while he asked about school . 
 bethany excused herself as soon as she could . 
 giving phillip one last tickle , she bolted from the kitchen and headed upstairs . 
 the top floor had once been nothing but a loft . 
 now it had three bedrooms and two baths . 
 she went down the narrow hall and nudged open her bedroom door . 
 it was a sad bedroom . 
 no posters . 
 no real personal effects except the canvas and a small table full of paints by the large picture window in the corner . 
 a desk was beside it , holding a laptop she rarely used . 
 internet was spotty at best here , and she 'd rather be spending her time painting than lurking on the net . 
 a tv sat on the dresser . 
 another thing she rarely messed with . 
 the fact that she was n't big on tv shows or movies usually made it hard for her to connect with other people her age . 
 she could n't tell anyone who the hottest new singer was or the name of the teen heartthrob sweating up the silver screen . 
 bethany did n't really care . 
 head in the clouds was what her mom always said . 
 rolling her stool toward the easel , she tugged her hair up into a messy bun and sat down . 
 an empty mind was always best to start with when she wanted to paint . 
 let whatever came to her flow to the paper . 
 except it was n't happening today . 
 when she closed her eyes , she kept seeing one thing . 
 well , one person . 
 dawson . 
 bethany was n't boy crazy . 
 sure , she had her moments of wanting to skip around like a demented puppet when a cute guy showed interest , but guys did n't really affect her . 
 not to the point that a name brought a flush to her cheeks . 
 even daniel-ex-boyfriend extraordinaire-hadn ' t made her feel this way , and they 'd almost gone all the way . 
 sorry , mom . 
 but there was something about dawson . 
 more than just how good he looked . 
 when he talked to her in art class , he seemed ... in awe of her . 
 had to be her imagination , just like her reaction to him , because she did n't know him and an attraction of that magnitude just did n't happen . 
 not at first sight , and not in real life . 
 stress-it had to be stress . 
 picking up a sharpened pencil , she shook out her shoulders . 
 she was n't going to let herself get obsessed with a boy . 
 without giving much thought to what she was doing , she stared at a blank piece of canvas , and then started to sketch the outline of a face . 
 a face she would eventually fill in later . 
 glancing at the table of paints , she frowned , knowing there was no way she 'd get that hue of green right . 
 yep , not obsessed at all . 
 chapter 3 he was obsessed . 
 dawson stared up at his bedroom ceiling , flipping in and out of his true form like someone was throwing a switch . 
 the room was dark ... and then whitish-blue light bounced off the walls . 
 on . 
 off . 
 on . 
 off . 
 unable to keep form was a sure sign of agitation or a severe distraction . 
 and his distraction had a name . 
 bethany williams . 
 in his human form , he rubbed the heels of his palms down his face and groaned . 
 there was no reason why he 'd spent the last three hours thinking about her . 
 ha . 
 three hours ? 
 try the last ten hours . 
 a blur shot through the room , and before dawson could lower his hands , dee flopped down on the bed beside him , her eyes wide . 
 dee was probably the only real love of his and daemon 's lives . 
 both of them would rain down hell on anyone who messed with their sister . 
 she was their treasure . 
 at home , the females of their race had been cherished . 
 something the human males did n't seem to do . 
 full of energy and a natural love of just being around others , dee was like a cyclone that blew through people 's lives . 
 she was also his best friend . 
 they had a bond , one that ran deeper than what they shared with daemon . 
 dawson never knew why it was like that . 
 there was this wall around his brother that even they could n't really break through . 
 growing up , it had always been dee and dawson . 
 dee 's hand fluttered around her as she spoke . 
 `` i was outside , and it looked as if a light show was going on in your bedroom . 
 daemon said you were probably mas - '' and dee also knew no boundaries . 
 `` ah , no , please do n't finish that sentence . '' 
 he lowered his hands , eyes narrowing at his sister . 
 `` do n't ever finish that sentence . '' 
 she rolled her eyes as she tucked her legs under her . 
 `` so , what were you doing ? '' 
 `` i was thinking . '' 
 her delicate brows arched . 
 `` thinking caused the light show ? 
 wow . 
 that 's kind of sad , dawson . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i know , right ? '' 
 she nudged his leg . 
 `` yeah , and you 're not telling me the truth . '' 
 `` and yeah , it 's late . 
 should n't you be asleep ? '' 
 her evergreen eyes rolled . 
 `` when did you become dad ? 
 it 's bad enough that daemon is all parental on us . 
 not you , too . '' 
 daemon was parental . 
 he was only a few minutes older than them , but he made sure those few minutes counted . 
 and the last thing dawson wanted to do was talk about bethany with dee . 
 talking about bethany with any of them would be an unnecessary complication at this point . 
 luxen were n't forbidden to date humans per say , but the dod was n't down for it and what was the point ? 
 hooking up was one thing , but a relationship ? 
 it was n't like dawson could be upfront with what he was . 
 if he did , the dod would make sure the human disappeared , and who wanted that on his conscience ? 
 then there was the big question . 
 how could you be in a serious relationship with someone and hide who you were ? 
 not to mention the fact that no one knew if humans and luxen could even ... mate . 
 offspring were unheard of . 
 `` why were you outside ? '' 
 he asked instead . 
 her shoulders deflated immediately . 
 `` ash was here . '' 
 oh , no . 
 `` so , she and daemon are n't seeing each other . 
 again . '' 
 their relationship was like a soap opera for sixteen-year-olds . 
 granted , the luxen matured a lot faster than humans , but dawson could n't figure the two out . 
 `` and she was outside , yelling at him . 
 ca n't believe you did n't hear . '' 
 that 's because he was so wrapped up in thinking about bethany . 
 `` why was she yelling ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 daemon probably was looking at another girl or something . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` or he did n't want to hang out . 
 you never know with her . 
 i sometimes wish they 'd break up and stay apart . '' 
 `` you just do n't like ash . '' 
 `` it 's not that i dislike her . '' 
 dee pushed off the bed and shot across the room , appearing beside his window . 
 `` i just think she 's a bitch . '' 
 dawson choked on his laugh . 
 `` yeah , you do n't dislike her at all . '' 
 she spun around , hands planted on her hips . 
 `` she 's not right for daemon . 
 and he 's not right for her . '' 
 sitting up , dawson swung his legs off the bed and stood . 
 close to midnight and he felt like he could go for a run . 
 it was going to be a long night . 
 `` who is right for daemon ? '' 
 `` someone who 's not needy , for starters , '' she said , skipping over to the bed . 
 `` and someone who really cares about him . 
 you know ash chases after him because it 's expected . 
 not because she really loves him . '' 
 dawson 's eyes narrowed into a shrewd stare . 
 `` does this have more to do with you and adam than daemon and ash ? '' 
 her lips puckered . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 sympathy for his sister and brother unfurled , and he started pacing . 
 the elders did n't control who they were mated with , but they made suggestions , which were more like expectations . 
 their race was thinning out and needed repopulating . 
 he got that . 
 did n't mean he had to agree with it . 
 but for right now , dawson had lucked out . 
 there were n't any other females in his age group here , but one day he knew another luxen female would be brought in . 
 or he would be forced to go to her . 
 and leave his family behind . 
 he ran his hands through his hair , already knowing he was probably going to be an outcast one day . 
 he 'd deny the elders ' wishes , plain and simple . 
 just like he knew daemon would eventually , because he would never end up with a luxen like ash . 
 but dee ? 
 he glanced at her , feeling anger stir . 
 dee would be with adam , whether she loved him or not , and that killed him . 
 his sister deserved better . 
 all of them deserved better . 
 ... dawson had barely slept , but he was up and jonesing to get to school , even though the march sun had broken through the heavy clouds , already melting the remnants of snow . 
 it would be a great morning to cut class and go out on one of the many trails , but not today ... on his third bowl of count chocula , he leaned against the counter and dug in . 
 `` good morning , bro , '' he said , watching daemon shuffle into the kitchen . 
 daemon grumbled something as he ambled toward the pantry . 
 grabbing a pop-tart , he unwrapped and devoured the pastry without toasting it . 
 his gaze flicked up , meeting dawson 's . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' dawson said , swallowing another mouthful . 
 `` gon na be an awesome day . '' 
 eyes narrowing , his brother asked pointedly , `` why are you so chirpy this morning ? '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's possible for anyone to be chirpy . '' 
 dee zipped into the kitchen , her light fading out and revealing a cascade of dark , wavy hair falling over her slender shoulders . 
 she grabbed the jug of milk and went for the froot loops . 
 all of them were eating the breakfast of champions . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 she whipped a bowl out of the cupboard . 
 daemon arched a brow . 
 `` that 's chirpy . '' 
 `` and i sound nothing like that , '' dawson replied . 
 `` just saying . '' 
 a frown creased dee 's brow . 
 `` what am i missing ? '' 
 `` your brother is all excitable this morning , '' daemon said . 
 `` for school . 
 there 's something inherently wrong with that . '' 
 dawson smirked . 
 `` there 's something inherently wrong with the fact that dee and i have to stand here and talk to you while you 're in your boxers . '' 
 `` true that , '' dee murmured , making a gagging motion with her finger . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 daemon stretched , flashing a lazy grin . 
 `` do n't be jealous i 'm the better-looking brother . '' 
 rolling his eyes , dawson did n't even bother pointing out the fact that there was n't a single thing different about them . 
 well , other than the fact that dawson had a way better attitude . 
 instead of dumping the bowl and spoon like he normally did , he washed and dried them , setting them aside . 
 pivoting around , he darted his eyes back and forth between his siblings . 
 they stared openmouthed at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` did you just ... clean a dish ? '' 
 dee backed away slowly , blinking . 
 she glanced at daemon . 
 `` the world is going to end . 
 and i 'm still a vir - '' `` no ! '' 
 both the brothers yelled in unison . 
 daemon looked like he was actually going to vomit . 
 `` jesus , do n't ever finish that statement . 
 actually , do n't ever change that . 
 thank you . '' 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 `` you expect me to never have - '' `` this is n't a conversation i want to start my morning with . '' 
 dawson grabbed his book bag off the kitchen table . 
 `` i 'm so leaving for school before this gets more detailed . '' 
 `` and why are n't you dressed yet ? '' 
 dee demanded , her full attention concentrated on daemon . 
 `` you 're going to be late . '' 
 `` i 'm always late . '' 
 `` punctuality makes perfect . '' 
 daemon 's sigh traveled through the whole downstairs . 
 `` it 's practice makes perfect , sis . '' 
 `` same thing . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` you 're right . 
 totally the same thing . '' 
 as dawson reached the front door , he heard dee say , `` you know you 're my favorite brother , right ? '' 
 dawson smiled . 
 a deep chuckle came from the kitchen , and then , `` i heard you telling dawson that two days ago . 
 i guess that means today you want to ride with me . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she drew out the word . 
 closing the door behind him , dawson stepped outside and headed toward his car . 
 it did n't take long for dawson to get to school . 
 quicker if he lost his human skin but also hard to explain . 
 since he was early , he listened to music in his jetta . 
 then he filed into school , tapped his foot through homeroom , all but bum-rushed the english room , and took his seat , avoiding kimmy 's all-too-happy smiles . 
 twenty seconds in , dawson realized he was n't breathing . 
 like , not breathing at all . 
 luxen did n't need oxygen , but they went through the mechanics to keep up appearances . 
 looking around frantically , he was relieved to see that no one seemed to notice . 
 jesus . 
 he could see the headlines now . 
 aliens among us . 
 run ! 
 but when bethany came into class , her dark hair pulled back into a low ponytail , showing off her graceful neck , he may have stopped breathing again . 
 a thousand charming words strung together in his head in a nanosecond , but he averted his eyes to his empty notebook . 
 notes ? 
 who really took notes in class ? 
 dawson wanted to see if she would talk to him first . 
 god , he was like a teenage girl . 
 he was so screwed . 
 bethany slid around in her chair , pulling one leg up against her chest . 
 she twirled a pen in her right hand . 
 `` hey , dawson . '' 
 she . 
 spoke . 
 to . 
 him . 
 first . 
 it was like winning the lottery , getting laid , and climbing the highest cliff all rolled into one . 
 but he needed to play it cool , because he was trending into lame-o land at a quick pace . 
 lifting his chin , he smiled . 
 `` you decided to come back for day two . 
 brave girl . '' 
 `` i 'm adventurous . 
 what can i say ? '' 
 how adventurous ? 
 `` after i saw the way you handled the paddle yesterday in gym , i can imagine . '' 
 her cheeks flushed , and it made her all the more pretty . 
 `` i 'm like a professional ping-pong player . 
 i got skills . '' 
 without realizing it , he was leaning forward . 
 only a few inches separated their faces . 
 god , how he loved the fact she did n't pull away or act coy . 
 she stared back , meeting him head-on . 
 words came right out of his mouth . 
 `` what are you doing this weekend ? '' 
 the pen she held in her hand stopped moving . 
 she blinked , as if surprised , and then her lashes swept back up . 
 `` dad 's been working all week , so we barely see him , and we have family time on saturday with uncle will - '' she cut herself off . 
 `` but i 'm free on sunday . '' 
 sunday seemed way too far away , but he 'd take it . 
 `` would you like to get lunch ? '' 
 her rosy lips formed an o and then slipped into a grin . 
 `` are you asking me out , dawson ? '' 
 before he could answer , daemon strolled down the aisle , his acute gaze drifting over bethany 's upturned face . 
 he gave her a slight , tight-lipped smile . 
 the smile he typically gave people before he ate them alive . 
 bethany smiled back . 
 dawson wanted to pummel his brother into the ground . 
 the territorial reaction caused a gut check with reality that did n't go unnoticed by daemon . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 using the path of communication their kind favored , he sent his brother a little message . 
 knock it off , brother . 
 there was n't a flicker of emotion on daemon 's expression . 
 what am i doing ? 
 dawson started to fire back but stopped . 
 what the hell was he warning his brother about ? 
 looking at bethany wrong ? 
 daemon did n't shy away from human females , but he also did n't make a habit of going after them . 
 deciding to ignore him for right now , because he was sure he 'd have to explain himself later , he refocused on what was important . 
 bethany . 
 `` am i asking you out ? 
 that 's what it sounds like . '' 
 behind him , daemon sounded like he was choking , and then in dawson 's head , what the hell , brother ? 
 dawson did n't respond , but there was no mistaking the tension rolling off daemon , nor the conversation dawson knew was coming , but oddly , he really did n't care . 
 he smiled at bethany . 
 chapter 4 bethany was sort of shocked . 
 yeah , she expected dawson to chat with her , maybe even flirt a little , but ask her out ? 
 just like that ? 
 color her surprised ... and impressed . 
 `` good . '' 
 she glanced down at the pen in her fingers , wondering how she 'd get out of the house with a boy . 
 `` um , should i meet you somewhere ... ? '' 
 a flash of satisfaction deepened the hue of his green eyes . 
 `` i can pick you up . '' 
 oh , no no no . 
 she could see her mother 's shrewd stare now as bethany prepped for the inevitable interrogation . 
 the embarrassment was already wiggling through her , causing her fingers to tighten around the pen . 
 `` um , i 'd rather meet you somewhere . 
 nothing personal , but my parents - '' `` are strict ? 
 totally cool . '' 
 he did n't miss a beat , and she appreciated that . 
 `` there 's a diner in town . 
 nothing special , but the food is great . 
 the smoke hole diner-have you heard of it ? '' 
 she had n't , and dawson quickly gave her directions . 
 nothing was too hard to find in petersburg , as long as it was n't around a bunch of back roads that all looked the same to her . 
 while they talked , bethany noticed several of the girls , namely a blonde in front of her , blatantly eavesdropping . 
 the blonde had the perfect body and face-tiny , perky looking . 
 being close to five eight , bethany felt like godzilla just sitting behind her . 
 and then she noticed dawson 's twin . 
 he was also listening . 
 over dawson 's shoulder , he watched them with narrowed eyes . 
 something in his hard expression said he was n't too pleased with what he was hearing . 
 the thumping muscle in his jaw kind of gave him away , too . 
 whatever his deal was , bethany did n't know , but she decided it would be best to steer clear of him ... and of the barbie . 
 class started . 
 pride and prejudice was on the reading list . 
 grumbles came from most of the guys in the room as mr. patterson handed out the novels . 
 she 'd already read the book-three times-so the essay on underlying social issues of the time would n't be killer . 
 placing the novel on her desk , she willed herself to focus on the lecture , but her mind kept going to the boy behind her . 
 his aftershave-or was it even aftershave ? 
 - was a woodsy , outdoorsy scent that reminded her of campfires . 
 a very nice smell . 
 unique and nothing boyish about it . 
 hell , there was n't anything boyish about dawson . 
 he was obviously her age , sixteen , but if she 'd run into him outside of her school , she would 've pegged him for a college guy . 
 he had extraordinary confidence , something that most boys lacked at this age . 
 maybe she was out of her league on this one . 
 guys like him tended to have a whole harem of girlfriends . 
 girlfriends like barbie . 
 not girls who usually had paint under their fingernails . 
 looking down at her hand , she cringed . 
 green paint was under her pinkie from last night . 
 crimson stained her cheeks . 
 last night she 'd painted dawson 's face , even though she 'd told herself not to go there . 
 but she went there and then some . 
 dammit . 
 obsessions always started with painting someone 's face , did n't they ? 
 biting on the cap of her pen , she pretended to stretch her neck left , then right . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she saw dawson watching her with those intense eyes . 
 their gazes locked . 
 and the air went right out of her lungs . 
 again , the concentrated power in his stare sent a shiver dancing over her skin . 
 like in the hallway yesterday , she felt the urge to move back . 
 because whatever was in his eyes ... was n't normal ; it was a real power that she could n't capture in the painting . 
 an almost luminous quality she could n't get quite right . 
 he winked , and damn if it was n't sexy . 
 not skeevy at all or stupid looking . 
 it was the kind of wink that movie stars did on the screen . 
 something no one in real life could pull off . 
 yep , out of her league . 
 excitement hummed through her . 
 grinning around her pen , she faced the front of the class before the teacher noticed her . 
 dear god , she was seconds from melting into a useless pool of girlie girl . 
 when the bell rang , dawson was already on his feet , standing beside her desk . 
 his brother stopped behind him and remained there as bethany shoved her books into her bag and stood . 
 it seemed like something unspoken passed between the twins , because dawson smirked at his brother . 
 the twin finally edged around dawson , glancing over his shoulder with a lopsided grin . 
 `` behave , '' was all he said . 
 out loud , at least . 
 bethany 's brows rose . 
 `` uh ... '' `` ignore daemon . 
 that 's what i do most of the time . '' 
 dawson extended his arm , and she slid in front of him . 
 `` he has poor social skills . '' 
 unsure if he was joking , she decided to skip right over that one . 
 `` it must be cool , having a twin , though . '' 
 `` ah , not sure if cool is the right word . '' 
 he flashed a grin . 
 `` but we 're not twins . '' 
 out in the crowded hallway , bethany frowned . 
 `` you 're not ? 
 could 've fooled me and the world . '' 
 his laugh was husky , deep , and really nice to hear . 
 `` we 're triplets . '' 
 her eyes popped wide . 
 `` holy crap , there 're three of you ? '' 
 `` we have a sister . '' 
 he walked close to her , so their shoulders bumped every few steps . 
 she found that deliciously distracting . 
 `` she 's fraternal and a lot prettier than us . '' 
 there were three of them but one was a girl . 
 triplets . 
 craziness . 
 `` are you guys close ? '' 
 he nodded , following her up the stairs like yesterday . 
 apparently being on time to class was n't a big deal for him . 
 `` yeah , we 're pretty close . 
 especially dee , my sister , and me . 
 she 's a doll . '' 
 he paused , angling his body around a flock of students . 
 `` daemon is n't too bad , either . 
 the boy would give his left arm for the two of us . 
 do you have any siblings ? '' 
 `` a brother-half brother , '' she said , smiling . 
 when he spoke of his sister and brother , there was real love in his voice . 
 so rare nowadays . 
 most of her old friends back in nevada did nothing but bitch about their brothers and sisters . 
 `` he 's only two . '' 
 `` ah , a little butt ... '' bethany stopped right in the middle of the hall . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 dawson 's brows lowered . 
 `` uh , i said little butt . 
 i hope that was n't , uh , offensive ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she stared up at him , which alone was a feat . 
 `` it 's just what i call phillip-little butt . 
 that 's his nickname . '' 
 dawson 's expression relaxed into a grin . 
 `` really ? 
 that 's so funny . 
 daemon and i call dee that all the time . 
 she hates it . '' 
 folding her arms , she met his stare . 
 `` do you watch a lot of tv ? '' 
 `` only when daemon forces me to . '' 
 holy moley ... `` what about movies ? '' 
 the grin reached his eyes . 
 `` not that big of a fan . 
 i 'm an outdoors kind of guy . 
 i 'd rather be hiking than sitting around . '' 
 she thought of painting and how she 'd rather be doing that than anything else . 
 there was just one more thing . 
 `` do you love sugar ? 
 like , always have to eat a lot of sugar ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yeah , any more questions ? 
 the bell 's about to ring . '' 
 love of sugar had to mean true love . 
 it just had to . 
 a smile spread across her face , so big that she should 've been embarrassed . 
 `` no . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he reached out , tucking a strand of hair that had escaped her ponytail back behind her ear . 
 the brush of his knuckles across her skin went through her system like a bolt of lightning . 
 `` what are you doing after school ? 
 want to grab something to eat ? '' 
 `` i thought we were doing that on sunday ? '' 
 `` yeah , we are , but i just wanted to make plans for this weekend . 
 that has nothing to do with today . '' 
 her mouth opened and a laugh snuck out . 
 god , he was just ... there were no words . 
 mom would be expecting her home right after school , and that 's what she should do . 
 plans had been set for sunday , but that seemed so far away . 
 days away ... the warning bell shrieked , causing her to jump . 
 `` bethany williams . '' 
 he said her name teasingly . 
 her lashes lifted and she started to shake her head no . 
 `` yes . '' 
 ... bethany should 've known that dawson black was trouble with a capital t , all rounded up in six feet and then some of lean muscle and disarming smile , from the moment she 'd spotted him . 
 boys were so complicated . 
 and boys like dawson ? 
 ah , so much more complicated . 
 most guys did n't have an ounce of the charisma he exuded . 
 no wonder she liked him and was already planning to tell her mom that she was staying after school to do some art stuff . 
 an easy , believable lie , since she 'd done plenty of extracurricular work like that several times a week in nevada . 
 that she was already so willing to lie about him only further cemented in her mind the fact that she liked him way too much . 
 and they had only spoken a few times . 
 bethany was n't sure if that was a good or bad thing yet . 
 she had n't expected how quickly he got under her skin . 
 and she really was n't prepared for the slightly empty feeling in the pit of her stomach as she watched him jog around the corner to his science class . 
 god ... she actually missed him . 
 she definitely was n't looking over her shoulder in the hallway for him when she stopped at her locker before lunch . 
 nope . 
 not at all . 
 her mind was n't wrapped up in a boy she 'd just met . 
 and she definitely did n't keep comparing every color of green to eyes that shone like polished emeralds . 
 bethany drifted through the rest of her classes , nervous and excited and wound up like the tight ball of rubber bands that simon cutters always held in his hand throughout chemistry . 
 after he 'd tossed it in the air for about the fiftieth time , she wanted to grab it and throw it through the fogged-over windows in their classroom . 
 in gym , she kept staring at dawson , who was at another ping-pong table playing against carissa , a quiet girl with the coolest horn-rimmed glasses bethany had ever seen . 
 her gaze went right back to him . 
 damn , he made plain white t-shirts a thing to worship . 
 with every sweep of the paddle , the shirt stretched over taut muscles . 
 did he run ? 
 work out a lot ? 
 teenage boys usually did n't sport that kind of a hard body . 
 dawson smacked the ball toward carissa again . 
 she missed it , and in that tiny space of time while she hunted it down , he glanced over at bethany and smiled . 
 her heart skipped right out of her chest . 
 bad , oh so bad . 
 a plastic yellow ball zinged past her face , almost kissing her cheek . 
 kimmy , her partner , popped her hands on her hips . 
 `` you 're not even paying attention . '' 
 she winced , because she was n't paying attention at all . 
 `` sorry , '' she mumbled , turning around and searching the floor for the damn ball . 
 it was all the way over by the bleachers . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 kimmy sighed , studying her manicured nails . 
 `` yeah , not like i was planning to in the first place . '' 
 ignoring her , bethany stalked over to the ball . 
 the whole gawking thing was already getting out of hand , and she had a feeling it was going to get worse . 
 even now she was fighting the mad urge to look over her shoulder to see if he was watching her . 
 it felt like he was . 
 do not do it . 
 the muscles in her neck cramped . 
 absolutely not . 
 her fingers twitched around the paddle . 
 she bent and - a golden hand reached the ball before she could . 
 startled , she took a step back as her gaze drifted up ... and up . 
 where in the hell had he come from ? 
 it was the blond from the hallway yesterday-the model-perfect boy with wavy hair that kept falling into crystalline blue eyes . 
 if she remembered correctly , he had been at least four tables over , and there was a good five feet in between each one . 
 she had n't even seen him move , and it was n't like you could miss something that gorgeous walking around . 
 or maybe she just had a bad case of dawson on the brain . 
 `` um , thanks for getting ... '' her words trailed off as her eyes met his . 
 the coldness in his stare chilled her . 
 he did nothing to hide his dislike . 
 it practically rolled off him and crawled over her skin like a dozen spiders . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 bethany blinked . 
 the sound of his voice matched his eyes . 
 frigid . 
 hard . 
 full of snobbish loathing . 
 back in her old school , she 'd been on the receiving end of that kind of a stare more than a few times , especially after she and daniel had broken up . 
 he 'd been the popular one ... the boy smirked . 
 `` you have a name , right ? 
 or can you not understand english ? '' 
 a hot flush shot over her cheeks , turning them cherry red , she was sure . 
 her mouth opened but nothing came out . 
 confrontation was n't her thing and this was a confrontation . 
 okay , so she had no problem getting into it with her mom over things , but with other people ? 
 yeah , she stared at him like she was a mute . 
 he stepped closer to her , and even though it made her feel crazy for thinking it , she could have sworn that waves of heat blew off of him like he was some kind of electric radiator . 
 sweat dotted her brow . 
 `` i said , what is your name ? '' 
 `` her name is n't any of your business , '' a smooth , deep voice cut in . 
 dawson stood beside her , but he was glowering at the other boy . 
 he cocked his head to the side . 
 `` give her back the ball , andrew . '' 
 the temperature in the gym skyrocketed . 
 kids were starting to stare . 
 andrew 's lips curved into a half grin . 
 `` or do you have a problem understanding english ? '' 
 dawson asked . 
 there was a smile on his face , but the way his muscles were tensing up , he was a second away from taking the ball from the other kid . 
 all of this over a ping-pong ball ? 
 how completely bizarre . 
 she cleared her throat and extended her hand . 
 `` my name is bethany . 
 now can i please have my ball back ? '' 
 `` that was n't so hard , was it ? '' 
 andrew 's eyes never left dawson 's . 
 `` we 're going to have to talk soon . '' 
 `` or not , '' dawson replied . 
 andrew dropped the ball in her outstretched hand with an arched brow . 
 then he pivoted around , stalking off toward his table . 
 `` wow , '' she mumbled , unsure of what to make of all of this . 
 dawson cleared his throat . 
 `` he 's a bit ... ah , yeah , andrew 's just an ass of the highest order . 
 do n't pay attention to him . '' 
 bethany nodded and glanced down at her palm , sucking in a sharp breath . 
 holy smokes ... the ping-pong ball had been melted into an irregular circle . 
 chapter 5 weirded out to the max by andrew 's hostility toward her and the microwaved ping-pong ball , bethany took her time cleaning up and changing after gym . 
 something was going down between the two guys , like they were communicating through epic death glares . 
 it reminded her of the way dawson and his twin had acted that morning . 
 like their epic death stares were something else entirely . 
 shaking her head , she pulled the band out of her hair and ran her brush through it , then she tossed the brush in her bag and turned around , letting out a little yelp . 
 kimmy stood behind her , slender arms crossed over her chest . 
 lips so glossed they looked like an oil slick . 
 `` god , you scared me . '' 
 bethany picked up her bag , slipping it over her shoulder , and waited for kimmy to say something . 
 anything . 
 and she waited some more . 
 silence . 
 oookay . 
 `` did you need something ? 
 ` cuz i 'm running late . '' 
 `` late to what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 bethany glared at her . 
 as if her comings and goings were any of barbie 's business . 
 do n't think so . 
 she stepped around her . 
 `` see you later . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 kimmy darted in front of her , blocking both doors . 
 `` is it true dawson asked you out ? '' 
 she did n't wait for an answer . 
 `` because i heard him ask you during class earlier and my friend kelly said he asked you to do something today , too . '' 
 if she 'd heard him in class , why was she asking now ? 
 `` look , let me give you a piece of advice . '' 
 she smiled , a poor attempt at being gracious , as if she were talking to a dear friend . 
 it was so , so fake . 
 `` dawson is a total player . 
 been through the entire school and then some . 
 so has his brother , and they like to mess with people . 
 pretending to be each other , if you get my drift . '' 
 disappointment spiked . 
 memories of her relationship with daniel surfaced and flickered through her mind . 
 old wounds were lanced open , and she blurted out , `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 kimmy gave her an are you for real look . 
 `` you 're the new girl . 
 why else do you think he 's so interested in you ? '' 
 her gaze traveled over bethany 's jeans and sweater like she seriously could n't figure it out . 
 `` i 'm just trying to do my good deed of the day and warn you . 
 that boy ... well , he 's been around . '' 
 with that , kimmy turned on her heel and strutted off . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 bethany said out loud , her voice echoing in the empty room . 
 was everyone in the school always this friendly ? 
 geez . 
 taking a deep breath , she left the locker room , telling herself not to read too much into what kimmy had said . 
 it could be jealousy . 
 it could be pure girl bitchiness . 
 or it could be true , whispered an evil , nasty voice . 
 why would she be surprised if it was ? 
 she would n't . 
 both of the brothers were hotness incarnate . 
 she 'd be stupid to believe that dawson did n't have an acre of ex-girlfriends . 
 pushing open the door with more of a punch than anything necessary , she wondered if she should cancel on him . 
 the last thing she needed was to be a notch on his belt , no matter how fine that belt was . 
 and the fact that she was already pissy about the idea spoke volumes . 
 she was way into him . 
 and he was waiting for her in the hall , leaning against a trophy case , hands shoved into the pockets of his jeans . 
 he must 've showered , because locks of dark hair curled over his forehead . 
 the v-neck sweater clung to his shoulders . 
 her heart did a pitter-patter in her chest at the sight of him . 
 she stopped short , clutching the strap on her bag . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he did n't smile or grin , only watched her with intense eyes . 
 `` i wanted to apologize for my friend . '' 
 that douche was his friend ? 
 `` it 's not your fault , but maybe - '' `` yeah , it kind of is . '' 
 pushing off the locker , he ran his hand through his hair . 
 `` i know that does n't make sense , but i 'm just sorry he was such a tool to you . 
 and i hope you did n't change your mind about grabbing something to eat . 
 not that i 'd blame you if you did . '' 
 now she was confused . 
 yes , she was changing her mind , but not because of andrew . 
 and she honestly could n't figure out why his friend 's behavior was his problem . 
 but the sincerity in dawson 's voice and eyes got to her . 
 player or not , he felt bad when he had no reason to . 
 dawson nodded slowly , as if her lack of answer had been one . 
 `` all right , i guess it is what it is . '' 
 her mouth snapped open but nothing came out . 
 why did this keep happening around the boys in west virginia ? 
 standing there before him , she stared , wanting to tell him that it was okay and that she still , against all common sense , wanted to grab something to eat with him . 
 wanted to hang out and be friends ... maybe even more than friends . 
 but she did n't say anything . 
 giving her a faint smile , he stepped forward . 
 `` do you have a piece of paper and a pen ? '' 
 `` uh , sure . '' 
 she dug the items out of her bag and handed them over . 
 he immediately started to scribble something . 
 `` dawson , i really - '' `` it 's okay . 
 here , '' he said , handing her the paper and pen back . 
 `` that 's my number . 
 call me anytime , if you want . 
 and again , i 'm sorry . '' 
 she glanced at the piece of notebook paper , surprised to see that his handwriting was as fluid and graceful as his movements . 
 when she looked up , dawson was already gone . 
 ... dawson was pissed . 
 he wanted to go over to the asshat 's house and drive his car through it . 
 the fact he liked his jetta was the only thing that stopped him from giving them a new doorway . 
 well , and adam , the good twin , as he 'd come to refer to him , was a pretty cool guy . 
 so was ash , when she was n't with daemon . 
 andrew had a problem with bethany only because he 'd seen dawson checking her out in gym , and of course , he was one nosy son of a brat . 
 out of all the luxen who lived outside of the community , andrew was the only one who seemed better suited for living among their kind . 
 halfway to his house , dawson 's phone beeped . 
 hoping it was bethany and feeling like a fool for doing so , he leaned back and pulled out the slim iphone from his front pocket . 
 and of course it was from his darling brother . 
 message was short and to the point . 
 come home now . 
 part of him wanted to say screw it and go anywhere but home , but he 'd have to go there sometime . 
 however , he did slow down to a near crawl , ticking off the row of trucks with bumper stickers like real women love ford and trucks do it better . 
 the road winding up to his house was silent and empty , like every house that shared the same street . 
 but his driveway was packed . 
 great . 
 climbing out of the car , he slammed the door shut . 
 a crew of luxen was waiting for him inside . 
 his brother and sister , adam , andrew , and ash , and even matthew , their unofficial guardian , was there . 
 dawson leaned against the door , folding his arms . 
 `` is this an intervention ? 
 i ca n't wait to hear your letters . '' 
 daemon 's eyes flashed white light . 
 `` tell me it 's not true . '' 
 `` not sure what ` it ' is . '' 
 sprawled on the couch beside ash , andrew arched a brow . 
 `` you wanted to go all glow bright on me and beat me down in gym class over a girl . 
 a. human . 
 girl . '' 
 dawson smirked . 
 `` i want to beat you down every day , andrew . 
 today was no exception . '' 
 andrew flipped him off . 
 `` hardy har har , shit - '' `` do n't , '' daemon snapped , turning on andrew so quickly that the blond had to see his life flash before his eyes . 
 `` do n't even think about calling my brother a name . '' 
 holding up his hands , andrew said , `` whatever , man . 
 all i 'm saying is that your bro wanted to go chuck norris on my ass over a human girl today . '' 
 dawson sort of wished he had . 
 `` need i remind you that you melted a ping-pong ball with your hand ? '' 
 reason stepped forward in the form of matthew . 
 `` is that true , andrew ? '' 
 andrew rolled his eyes . 
 `` it was just a ping-pong ball . '' 
 a frown creased matthew 's face . 
 `` wait . 
 this is all over a ping-pong ball ? '' 
 `` no , '' andrew said at the same time dawson replied with a , `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm getting a headache . '' 
 adam sighed . 
 `` already . '' 
 so was dawson . 
 and it had a name . 
 he glared at andrew . 
 `` this is n't about anything . 
 i do n't know why we had to call a captain planet meeting for this . '' 
 his brother folded his arms , mirroring his stance . 
 `` is this about bethany ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 exclaimed andrew . 
 `` who 's bethany ? '' 
 ash asked , sounding bored , but her voice was shrewd . 
 no doubt she was worried about competition for daemon . 
 `` she 's a girl - '' `` a girl ? '' 
 dee pulled her nose out of a magazine . 
 `` what about a girl ? 
 is she nice ? 
 do i know her ? '' 
 oh , for the love of all things holy . 
 dawson groaned . 
 `` bethany is a girl from school . 
 and i do n't see what the big deal is . 
 we 've just talked . '' 
 dee looked crestfallen . 
 `` so i do n't know her ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his patience was running thin . 
 `` i do n't think you have any classes with her . '' 
 `` but she 's human ? '' 
 dee glanced around the room , brows arching . 
 `` so , i 'm with dawson on this one . 
 what 's the big deal ? 
 it 's not like we 're not allowed to ... '' her cheeks suddenly matched the color of a tomato . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' she finished . 
 `` it 's true there are no rules stopping any of us from having ... relations , but it is not wise . '' 
 matthew looked like he did when he 'd tried to explain the mechanics of sex several years ago . 
 it had been horrifying for all of them . 
 `` the dod does frown upon it , and there really is n't much of a point . '' 
 `` too dangerous for the humans , '' daemon said , unfolding his arms . 
 he sat on the arm of the recliner where dee was sitting . 
 `` if the dod even suspected that we let the alien out of the bag , the human goes bye-bye . 
 not to mention the risk of lighting her up . '' 
 dawson rolled his eyes . 
 `` yeah , because i plan on turning every human i meet into a disco ball just for the fun of it . '' 
 his brother 's brows lowered in a clear warning . 
 he sighed . 
 `` anyway , it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` did you threaten andrew over her ? '' 
 matthew asked , looking like he seriously hoped dawson did n't . 
 well , then , he 'd keep his mouth shut , because he was n't going to like the answer . 
 `` dawson ? '' 
 `` possibly ... '' andrew shot him a bland look . 
 `` i would go with yes . '' 
 man , he wanted to beat andrew down . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 daemon asked him , and dee watched on in interest . 
 `` fine , '' dawson grumbled . 
 `` i told him that if he talked to bethany again , i was going to shove a certain body part into his mouth . '' 
 daemon strung together an atrocity of f-bombs . 
 quite imaginative , too , and even matthew looked impressed . 
 when he was finished , he said , `` you threatened one of your own over a human girl ? '' 
 dawson shrugged . 
 there went the f-bombs again . 
 `` add that to the way you 've been staring at her , and we 've got a problem . '' 
 `` how has he been staring at her ? '' 
 dee asked , sounding ridiculously innocent . 
 all the guys groaned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` he stares at her like she 's ... '' there was an odd pause , almost like daemon really did n't know how to phrase it , as if he 'd never stared at a girl that way before-and he had n't . 
 `` like she 's the finest cut of steak and he 's starving . '' 
 dawson 's brows shot up . 
 was that how he stared at beth ? 
 like she was steak ? 
 `` you never look at me like that . '' 
 ash pouted . 
 daemon stared at her . 
 definitely not like that . 
 `` whatever , '' dawson said . 
 `` other than the fact that i will now think of steak every time i see bethany , there is n't anything going on . 
 i like her . 
 she 's cool . 
 so what ? 
 you guys have nothing to worry about . '' 
 his brother frowned as he glanced at andrew . 
 `` what did you say to the girl ? '' 
 andrew said nothing . 
 `` he kept demanding her name like a freak . '' 
 dawson sighed , so over this conversation . 
 `` well , to me , it sounds like normal human hating . '' 
 adam glared at his twin . 
 `` you got everyone riled up for no reason ... as always . 
 it is n't a big deal . '' 
 it was n't a big deal to them , but to him ? 
 dawson wished it was n't . 
 his shoulders slumped as he started toward the stairs , done with this conversation . 
 whatever had been between him and bethany was finished before it even got started . 
 looking over his shoulder , he tried to ignore the crushing weight settling on his chest . 
 `` there 's nothing to worry about . 
 thanks to andrew , she does n't want anything to do with me . '' 
 andrew looked proud . 
 `` so , yeah , there 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 chapter 6 bethany stared at the crumpled piece of paper that held dawson 's number . 
 past ten , it was late , probably too late to be calling his house if his parents were anything like hers . 
 and she really should n't be calling him , especially if what kimmy said were true . 
 but when did she start taking the word of a complete stranger ? 
 when she should 've listened to the girl who 'd told her daniel was cheating on her , that 's when . 
 bethany had n't listened and ended up finding him in the library of all places with another girl , his hands where they should n't have been , and making like he was tying a cherry stem with his tongue . 
 on the friday before homecoming . 
 jerk-face . 
 she glanced at the piece of paper for the zillionth time and then at her phone . 
 should i ? 
 could i ? 
 would i ? 
 her gaze darted to her easel . 
 even in the dark , dawson stared back at her . 
 the curve of his strong jaw , the broad cheekbones , the nose and lips that were slightly tilted , were all him . 
 but the eyes were all wrong . 
 no amount of mixing paints had captured the right color of green . 
 her gaze swung back to the piece of paper . 
 she decided she 'd just enter the number into her phone and that was all . 
 what her finger did next , by pushing send on her cell , was completely out of her control . 
 as her heart did jumping jacks in her chest , she listened to the phone ring once ... then twice . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 a deep voice came through the line . 
 crap . 
 bethany had n't meant to call him . 
 really , she had n't . 
 she took no ownership for her finger . 
 and she also found herself mute . 
 again . 
 a door shut on the other end of the phone . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` how ... how did you know it was me ? 
 i did n't give you my number . '' 
 the relieved-sounding laugh had her smiling . 
 `` i do n't give my number out a lot . 
 so you 're the only unknown number who should have it . '' 
 surprise caused her to jerk straight up in bed , her legs tangling with the comforter . 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 `` i do n't what ? '' 
 `` give your phone number out a lot ? '' 
 and boy was that a nice way to start off the conversation . 
 yeesh . 
 `` ah , no , i do n't . '' 
 bedsprings groaned , and her entire body went haywire at the sudden vision of him in bed . 
 she so needed to get off the phone , but he continued . 
 `` actually , i ca n't remember the last time i gave a girl my digits . '' 
 part of her wanted to believe him , but she was n't that stupid . 
 `` um , i 'm going to be honest here . '' 
 `` good . 
 i want you to be honest . '' 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` i have a hard time believing you do n't give your number to girls . '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 more creaking , like he was settling down . 
 `` but that does n't mean i have n't gotten their numbers . '' 
 something like a red-hot poker went through her eyes . 
 it . 
 could . 
 not . 
 be . 
 jealousy . 
 `` is there a difference ? '' 
 `` most def , '' he said . 
 `` giving someone my number means she can get in touch with me whenever she wants . 
 for the most part , i 'm not down with that . 
 having someone else 's number is totally different . 
 get what i 'm saying ? '' 
 a second passed . 
 yep , she did . 
 meaning he only gave his number to people he really wanted to call him . 
 not just anyone . 
 and somehow she 'd fallen into this privileged group . 
 `` oh , okay . 
 um , thanks ? '' 
 dawson laughed . 
 `` anyway , i 'm really glad you called . 
 i was n't expecting this . '' 
 neither was she . 
 `` i thought after everything with andrew ... '' `` your friend 's weirdness has nothing to do with you . '' 
 deciding to be honest , she took a deep breath . 
 `` actually , i still wanted to go grab something to eat with you after school today . '' 
 because i 'm an idiot . 
 `` and i was sort of disappointed when you walked off . '' 
 because i 'm really an idiot . 
 `` so , yep , that 's all i have to say . '' 
 silence stretched out between them , and bethany was immediately regretting opening her big mouth . 
 `` okay . 
 maybe i misread - '' `` no . 
 no ! '' 
 he said quickly . 
 `` i 'm just surprised . 
 i thought ... it does n't matter . 
 you still want to grab something to eat sunday ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 her voice came out a breathless whisper , as if she 'd just run up a flight of stairs ... or worked as a sex phone operator . 
 how embarrassing . 
 `` what about tomorrow ? '' 
 bethany laughed . 
 `` you ... you ca n't wait until sunday ? '' 
 `` hell no . 
 it 's hard to get to know you when we only have a few minutes before class to talk . '' 
 he stopped and man , oh man , his voice dropped low enough to send a shiver through her . 
 `` and i really want to get to know you . '' 
 the back of her head hit the heavy down pillows at the top of her bed . 
 she had a decision to make . 
 operate off what kimmy said and her own old fears , or go with the flow , wherever it may take her . 
 eyes on the ceiling , she fought a big , goofy smile . 
 `` we can get to know each other now , right ? '' 
 another deep laugh had her feeling fuzzy . 
 `` i 'm liking where this is heading . '' 
 so was she . 
 ... daemon stalked the woods surrounding his family 's home . 
 brutal winds whipped down from the looming mountains and rolled right into him . 
 dammit , it was cold outside . 
 cold enough he wished he 'd picked up a jacket for once in his life . 
 shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans , he stared over the frozen lake he visited more times than he could count . 
 moonlight reflected off the ice , casting a silvery light that reminded him of a well-polished blade . 
 being that he was out on patrol , the last thing he should be doing was standing here , thinking about his brother 's love life like a freaking nosy girl . 
 there was another arum close by . 
 he had n't seen one since he yanked the other off his brother and disposed of him , but he knew it in his bones . 
 well , in his human bones . 
 whatever . 
 but instead of focusing on combing the county like he should , he was worrying ... while his brother rested up in his toasty bedroom . 
 up there having no idea that daemon knew what he was doing . 
 talking on the phone with that human girl bethany . 
 it was n't like chatting it up with a human girl was a code red . 
 but when you combined the way dawson had been staring at her , how he 'd ordered daemon to back down in class , and then how he 'd threatened andrew ? 
 yeah , there was a problem . 
 a big problem . 
 withdrawing his hand from his pocket , he tugged it through his wind-whipped hair . 
 his brother had always been one to do whatever he wanted . 
 not because he did n't give a flying monkey about anyone , but because dawson was just that strong . 
 if any of them was willing to risk being cast out by the elders and forced to live the rest of their life in exile , it was his brother . 
 daemon pivoted around and waited for his head to explode or something . 
 needing some sort of action , he shook off his human skin before he took a step . 
 in his natural form , he was nothing but light and quicker than air . 
 zipping across the lake , he headed for the rocks . 
 once he got there , he 'd have to tone down the shine . 
 but it was the best place to keep an eye on the shadows and how they moved . 
 on the way up , he ran through his options . 
 lock dawson in his room and keep him from school , therefore away from the girl . 
 scare the crap out of the girl so she stayed away from dawson . 
 throw all the phones away and slash dawson 's tires . 
 yeah , his plans were n't so good . 
 first off , he was n't into imprisonment . 
 spending those years under the dod 's thumb in new mexico was enough of that for all of them . 
 secondly , he had a mean streak the size of the grand canyon , but he was n't about threatening girls . 
 and finally , dawson had just gotten that phone after dee accidentally zapped the other one , and he 'd cry if anything happened to his jetta . 
 maybe there was nothing to be done . 
 maybe they all had overreacted . 
 this was n't the first time dawson went out with a human girl . 
 hell , even daemon had swung that way a few times . 
 anything to take a break from ash sometimes . 
 it was n't like dawson was in love with the girl , thank god . 
 feeling better , he shot up the side of the mountain like lightning . 
 it was just infatuation , and it would fade . 
 dawson and the girl had only known each other a few days . 
 it was n't like it was too late or anything . 
 was it ? 
 ... when the phone beeped in her ear , bethany pulled it back and frowned . 
 `` wait . 
 the battery is dying . 
 do n't go anywhere . '' 
 there was a deep chuckle . 
 `` do n't plan on it . '' 
 stretching down , she plugged the cord into the wall outlet , and then settled back against the pillows . 
 `` okay . 
 so you 've lived in colorado , new mexico , and south dakota ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 and new york . '' 
 `` wow . 
 do your parents travel for work or something ? '' 
 silence and then , `` yeah , you could say that . '' 
 she frowned as she plucked at the comforter . 
 that was n't much of an answer . 
 he had a habit of doing that whenever the questions got too personal . 
 `` okay , so where were you born ? '' 
 bedsprings groaned before he answered . 
 `` my family was born on a small island off of greece . 
 not sure it even has a name . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 she rolled onto her side , now smiling . 
 `` well , that explains it . '' 
 `` explains what ? '' 
 curiosity marked his tone . 
 `` you guys do n't even look ... real . '' 
 at his laugh , she blushed . 
 `` i mean , you look foreign . 
 like you come from someplace else . '' 
 another laugh and he said , `` yeah , we do come from someplace else . '' 
 `` it must be neat , though . 
 greece ? 
 always wanted to visit there . '' 
 `` i do n't remember much about it , but i 'd love to go back . 
 enough about me . 
 i saw your drawing in the art room earlier . '' 
 she twisted her fingers around the phone cord . 
 `` the flowers in the vase ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` man , you 've got amazing skills . 
 it looked just like the example mrs. pan had on the board . 
 mine looked like an elephant trunk eating weeds . '' 
 bethany giggled . 
 `` it was n't that bad . '' 
 `` that 's sweet , but i know you 're lying . 
 do you draw a lot ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her gaze went to the painting in the corner . 
 `` i paint , actually . '' 
 `` now that is cool-a real talent . 
 i would love to see them one day , your paintings . '' 
 she 'd die a thousand deaths before she let him see the last one she 'd done . 
 `` ah , i 'm not that good . '' 
 `` whatever , '' he replied . 
 `` how would you know ? 
 you ca n't judge by flowers . '' 
 `` ah , i just know . 
 that 's my talent , if you 're wondering . 
 i just know things . '' 
 she rolled her eyes , but she was grinning . 
 `` what a unique talent . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i amaze myself . '' 
 there was a soft intake of breath . 
 `` i bet you 're the type of guy not afraid of anything , huh ? '' 
 `` oh , no , there are things that terrify me . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` muppets , '' came his solemn reply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` muppets ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 those things are terrifying . 
 and you 're laughing at me . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 're right . 
 muppets can be scary . '' 
 closing her eyes , she smothered a yawn . 
 `` we should get off the phone . '' 
 dawson 's sigh was audible . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` okay , well , i guess i 'll see you ... '' she glanced at the clock and laughed . 
 `` in about five hours , then ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll be waiting for you . '' 
 god , she liked the sound of that . 
 him waiting for her . 
 `` okay . 
 good - '' `` wait . '' 
 his voice sounded urgent . 
 `` i do n't want to hang up . '' 
 her breath caught . 
 `` i second that . '' 
 his laugh warmed her . 
 `` good . 
 tell me about some of the favorite things you like to paint . '' 
 and she did . 
 they talked until they both fell asleep , their phones cradled between their shoulders and cheeks . 
 chapter 7 unable to remember the last time he had been this close to hyperventilating , which was amazing , since he did n't really need to breathe , he glanced down at his phone . 
 again . 
 the text message from bethany had n't changed in the thirty seconds since he 'd last looked . 
 according to the words on his phone , bethany could n't wait for their late lunch date at two . 
 he knew she was n't going to bail , especially since they 'd talked on the phone every night since wednesday . 
 but he was as nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs . 
 his gaze flickered to the dashboard . 
 thirty minutes early . 
 should he go ahead and go in ? 
 get one of those booths near the cranking fireplace ? 
 bethany would like that , he thought , and so he did . 
 as he waited for her to show , he played a round of freecell on his phone . 
 lost . 
 played another , and because he kept glancing up every time the chimes above the door rang , he lost another two rounds . 
 good god , it was like he 'd never been on a date before . 
 if he kept this up , he 'd start flickering like the northern lights . 
 not good . 
 when the tinkling sound came again and he looked up , every nerve in his body fired at once . 
 it was bethany . 
 her warm brown eyes scanned the rock formations in the center of the diner , over the tables , and finally to the booth he 'd found by the fireplace . 
 when her gaze met his , she smiled and therefore sucked the marrow right out of his bones ... in a totally good way . 
 heading straight for their booth , she only had eyes for him . 
 meaning she did n't see the college-age guy 's stare follow her . 
 dawson so did n't like how the human was staring at bethany . 
 like he 'd never seen a female before , and dawson was more than ready to introduce himself . 
 every territorial instinct in him went off . 
 it took everything for him not to get up and pummel the dude into the old wooden floors . 
 `` hey , '' bethany said , shrugging off her chunky cardigan . 
 underneath she wore a black turtleneck that fit her curves . 
 `` you have n't been waiting long , have you ? '' 
 forcing his eyes north , he smiled . 
 `` no , i just got here . '' 
 she slid into the booth , tucking her hair behind her ears . 
 he loved that her hair was down , spilling over her shoulders . 
 looking around the diner , she bit her lower lip . 
 `` it 's really cozy in here . 
 i like it . 
 sort of homey . '' 
 `` it 's really nice . 
 great food . '' 
 he cleared his throat , wanting to kick himself . 
 `` i 'm glad you came . '' 
 her eyes darted back to his . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 the waitress appeared , saving them from the awkward silence while they placed their drink orders . 
 `` do you come here often ? '' 
 she asked once the waitress left . 
 dawson nodded . 
 `` we come about twice a week . '' 
 `` your brother and sister ? '' 
 `` yeah , dee and i come every thursday , and the three of us come every wednesday . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` it 's kind of bad how often we eat here , actually . '' 
 `` do your parents not cook a lot ? '' 
 ah , a bomb of a question , considering their parents passed away before any of them knew what they looked like . 
 `` no , they do n't cook . '' 
 the waitress was back , sliding their glasses across the table . 
 an oven-baked pizza , extra green peppers , light on sauce , was ordered , along with breadsticks . 
 bethany fiddled with the straw , folding it into little squares so that it looked like an accordion when she was done . 
 `` i swear , my mom lives to bake . 
 every day i come home , there 're cookies , fresh bread , or some kind of cake . '' 
 an unfamiliar , deep sense of yearning built in his chest . 
 what would it be like to have a mom and dad to go home to ? 
 all they had was matthew , not that he was chopped liver or anything , but he did n't even live with them . 
 at least not since they were thirteen and deemed mature enough to get by on their own . 
 matthew probably would have kept them with him forever , but daemon had needed space of his own . 
 `` that ... has to be nice , '' he said . 
 `` it is . '' 
 she twirled the straw around , knocking the ice cubes against the glass . 
 `` she cooks more now , since dad is gone most of the week and her brother is staying with us . 
 food is her coping mechanism . '' 
 remembering what she 'd said about the man , he felt for her . 
 luxen did n't get sick . 
 like , ever . 
 `` how is he doing ? '' 
 `` better . 
 he just looks ... worse than how he feels , i think . '' 
 a half smile appeared as she watched the ice cubes dance . 
 `` i feel bad , because i do n't know what to say to him . 
 like i barely know him and he 's going through this...life-altering event , and whatever i say just sounds lame . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he appreciates you just being there . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 hope sparkled in her tone . 
 `` yeah , i do . '' 
 wanting to reassure her , he reached across the table and placed his hand over her free one . 
 a shock passed through their hands , and bethany let out a startled gasp . 
 looking up , her other hand holding the straw jerked as their eyes met . 
 the glass tipped toward her ; the contents ready to make a run for it . 
 letting go of her hand , he caught the glass just as it started to fall . 
 a bit of liquid sloshed over the rim as he settled the glass . 
 `` careful , '' he murmured . 
 bethany stared at him , mouth open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` i. . . 
 i just did n't see your arm move . 
 one second you were holding my hand and the next you caught my glass . '' 
 oh . 
 shit . 
 sometimes , dawson just did n't stop to think . 
 a human probably could n't have stopped the glass from kamikaze-ing into her lap . 
 forcing a grin , he played it off . 
 `` i have hella quick reflexes . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' she murmured , grabbing a napkin and swiping up the mess . 
 `` you should play sports ... or something . '' 
 ha . 
 yeah , that would n't happen . 
 he 'd demolish the humans even if he held back . 
 luckily for him , bethany seemed to accept his answer and their conversation slipped into the easy chatter that kept them going for hours on the phone . 
 when the pizza arrived , they both dug in . 
 he laughed as she dipped her breadstick in the pizza sauce . 
 it was something both he and dee did . 
 and thinking his sister 's name must 've spooked her up , because the chimes went off and he felt a familiar presence . 
 eyes glued to the front of the diner , he almost toppled out of the booth when his suspicions were confirmed . 
 dee was here . 
 and she was n't alone . 
 adam was with her . 
 beth 's brows puckered as she saw his expression . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she pursed her lips . 
 `` that has to be your sister ... with your , uh , nice friend . '' 
 please do n't come back here . 
 please do n't come back here . 
 `` that 's dee , but that 's not andrew . 
 that 's his brother , adam . '' 
 her head whipped back toward him . 
 `` twins ? '' 
 `` triplets like us . '' 
 his gaze bounced back to the front of the diner . 
 aaaaaand his prayers went unanswered . 
 dee 's gaze locked with his and her eyes went so wide you 'd think she was staring at the president of the united states . 
 she made a beeline straight for them , adam in tow . 
 the string of curses he had going inside his head would 've made daemon proud . 
 `` i am so sorry . 
 i swear i did n't invite them . '' 
 beth 's head cocked to the side . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 he was n't so much worried about how dee and adam would behave . 
 they were totally team human , but his sister ... god love her , but she was a bit much to take in sometimes . 
 dee stopped in front of the table , her forest-green eyes bouncing from dawson to bethany . 
 `` what a complete surprise to find you here . 
 i had no idea you were coming . 
 if you 'd said something , you know , like a decent brother would have , adam and i could 've come with . 
 except now we 're like total stalkers , because you were here first . '' 
 dee took a deep breath . 
 `` and you have company . 
 so we 're totally busting up in your ... date ? 
 is it a date or just like two friends hanging out ? '' 
 dawson 's mouth worked but nothing came out as he glanced at bethany , who kept looking between the two of them , her lips twitching as if she were trying not to smile . 
 `` ah , lack of answer totally means a date . '' 
 dee grinned as she tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 then she swung on bethany and did another verbal aerobic feat . 
 `` so you 're the girl who dawson stays up talking to half the night ? 
 he thinks i do n't know , but i do . 
 anyway , your name must be bethany williams ? 
 we have n't met yet . '' 
 she shoved her slender hand out . 
 `` i 'm dee . '' 
 bethany shook her hand . 
 `` nice to meet you ... and yeah , i guess i am that girl . '' 
 his sister shook beth 's hand , which actually shook her entire body , good god . 
 `` you 're really pretty . 
 and i can already tell you 're nice , which is good , because dawson is my favorite brother , and if - '' `` whoa there , girl , slow it down . '' 
 adam placed his hand on dee 's shoulder . 
 his sympathetic gaze met dawson 's . 
 `` we were just picking up some food . '' 
 dawson let out a breath of relief . 
 `` oh , that 's too bad . '' 
 bethany actually sounded sincere . 
 wow . 
 most people would 've collapsed from exhaustion by now . 
 `` we could 've shared a table . '' 
 dee 's smile was the size of a volkswagen bus . 
 `` i was right ! 
 you are nice . '' 
 she turned to her brother , brows arching . 
 `` actually , you 're probably too nice for him . '' 
 `` dee , '' adam muttered . 
 dawson grinned . 
 `` i thought i was your favorite brother . '' 
 `` you are . 
 when i want you to be . '' 
 she twirled back to bethany . 
 `` well , we shall leave you guys to your ... ? '' 
 there was no way out of this one , and dawson did n't want to hide what he was doing . 
 saying the word would n't start a bunch of crap , but considering how everyone already had their suspicions ... oh , what the hell . 
 `` it 's a date , '' dawson said . 
 and then he wanted to scream it . 
 bethany blushed . 
 adam grabbed dee 's hand , pulling her back toward the counter . 
 he glanced over his shoulder , mouthing , sorry . 
 `` well ... '' dawson let out a loud sigh , wondering who would stroll through the door next . 
 daemon ? 
 dear god . 
 `` that would be my sister . '' 
 bethany placed her cheek in her palm and grinned . 
 her eyes danced . 
 `` i like her . '' 
 `` her mouth ... is bionic . '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` she seems really sweet . '' 
 `` and hyper . '' 
 smacking his arm lightly , she leaned back . 
 `` and adam is way nicer than his brother . '' 
 `` a rabid hyena is nicer than andrew , '' he retorted . 
 `` when we were kids , he locked me in an old chest once . 
 left me there for hours . '' 
 `` what ? 
 geez , that 's terrible . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` so , back to the fact that there are two sets of triplets in a town the size of a gnat . 
 odd , right ? '' 
 she had no idea . 
 there was a truckload of triplets around this town , but they stayed in the luxen community deep inside the forest surrounding seneca rocks , rarely seen by the human populace . 
 only one or two of the siblings worked out in the human world . 
 there was safety in numbers and the elders liked to keep everyone under their thumbs . 
 at least that 's what daemon believed . 
 `` our families have been friends for years . 
 when we moved here , so did they . '' 
 it was the closest thing to the truth . 
 genuine interest flickered in her eyes . 
 she asked about daemon next . 
 describing his older brother to bethany was about as easy as trying to avoid stepping on a landmine in the middle of a war . 
 they were there for over two hours , which gained them a lot of impatient stares from the staff , who probably wanted to free up the table . 
 when it finally came time to leave , dawson realized , once again , that he felt reluctant at the thought of their parting . 
 he hung by her car , twirling his keys around a finger . 
 `` i had a really good time . '' 
 `` i did , too . '' 
 her cheeks were ruddy in the wind . 
 pretty . 
 she met his eyes , and then her gaze jumped away . 
 `` we should do it again . '' 
 `` i plan on it . '' 
 dawson wanted to kiss her . 
 right then . 
 right there . 
 but instead , he held back and gave her a lame-ass hug like a good guy . 
 `` see you tomorrow ? '' 
 dumb question , since they had school tomorrow . 
 bethany nodded and then stretched up on the tips of her toes , placing her hand on his chest for support . 
 stepping into his body , she wrapped one arm around the small of his back . 
 he did n't dare move . 
 she pressed her lips against his cheek . 
 `` talk to you tonight ? '' 
 he lowered his head , inhaling the clean scent of her hair . 
 being this close to her , he felt like he was in his true form , and he opened his eyes just to make sure he had n't flipped his glow switch . 
 `` of course , '' he murmured , running his hand up her arm , fingers brushing the small hand pressed against his chest . 
 a shiver rolled through her body and into his , causing him to tense up . 
 `` what are we doing tonight , again ? '' 
 she laughed , slipping free from his embrace . 
 `` you 're calling me . '' 
 dawson took a step toward her , chin lowering . 
 the way her flush deepened had him wanting to touch her again . 
 `` yeah , that 's right . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she kept backing up , until she was on the other side of her car , opening the door . 
 `` because i really do n't think i can go to sleep without hearing your voice now . '' 
 dawson 's thoughts scattered . 
 all he could do was stand there and watch her drive away . 
 and only when he was sure she could n't see him , he let his lips split into a smile so wide it 'd put dee 's to shame . 
 turning on his heel , he started toward his jetta and then came to a sudden stop . 
 the small hairs on the back of his neck rose , and it had nothing to do with the wind . 
 someone was watching him . 
 dawson scanned the parking lot in the waning light . 
 the place was crowded , full of trucks and other obscenely large vehicles . 
 one stood out . 
 a black expedition with heavily tinted windows was parked toward the back , engine running . 
 anger rose in him so quickly he almost lost his hold . 
 and would n't his stalkers like that ? 
 a luxen doing the full monty right in front of humans . 
 freaking dod . 
 dawson was accustomed to them checking in , which really meant stalking them . 
 today was really no different . 
 except they had seen him with bethany , and as he pivoted around and headed back to his car , it took everything in him not to walk over to that truck and light their asses up . 
 ... three days later and bethany was still floating from sunday . 
 corny as hell , but she was floating like there were clouds on her feet . 
 arriving late to her locker before lunch , she stood in the empty hall , switching out books . 
 the grin on her face was inked on , going nowhere . 
 her manic happiness had a name and - `` hey there , '' dawson said , his breath warming her ear . 
 squeaking , she spun and dropped her book . 
 clasping a hand over her chest , she stared at dawson wide-eyed . 
 `` how ... how in the world ? 
 i did n't even hear you . '' 
 he picked up the book and handed it over , then leaned against the locker beside her , giving a lopsided shrug . 
 `` i 'm quiet . '' 
 quiet did n't even cover it . 
 a mouse sneezed in these halls and it echoed . 
 she shoved the book in her bag . 
 then it hit her . 
 `` what are you doing in the hall ? '' 
 a lazy grin appeared . 
 `` going to lunch . '' 
 `` wait . 
 do n't you have class now ? '' 
 he leaned in , breathing the same air as her , causing her breath to catch . 
 that damn half grin did funny things to her . 
 they 'd gone to the diner again on tuesday , parting ways without a kiss-a real kiss . 
 but when his forehead touched hers , she really believed he was going to kiss her , right in the hall . 
 bethany was totally okay with that . 
 `` i have study hall , '' he said , tilting his head just a little to the side , lining up their mouths . 
 `` and i charmed my way out of class . 
 i wanted to see you . '' 
 `` you charmed your way ? '' 
 her eyes drifted shut . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 `` i 'll never tell my secrets . 
 you know better than that . '' 
 dawson pulled back , capturing her free hand . 
 feeling like what she wanted-needed-had just been taken from her , she glared at him . 
 his grin spread . 
 `` i wanted to have lunch with you . '' 
 more than flattered , she let him pull her down the hall ... away from the cafeteria , it appeared . 
 `` hey , where are we going ? '' 
 `` it 's a surprise . '' 
 he pulled her to his side , draping a heavy arm over her shoulders . 
 the length of his body was fit against hers like it was made to be . 
 `` are we leaving campus ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` are we going to get in trouble ? '' 
 he stopped , turning her in his arms . 
 they were almost chest to chest , his arm still around her shoulders . 
 `` questions , questions , bethany . 
 trust me . 
 you wo n't get in trouble with me . '' 
 she arched a brow . 
 `` because of your charmer skills , huh ? '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 he grinned . 
 dawson continued on and she went with him , imagining what her mom would do if they got caught and the school called her . 
 mandatory pregnancy tests were in her future . 
 she glanced at dawson and decided it was worth it . 
 as they went out the back doors , she expected an alarm to sound and the rent-a-cop to come running at breakneck speed . 
 when that did n't happen and their feet hit pavement , she started to relax . 
 dawson let go of her hand , picking up the pace as he dug his keys out of his pocket . 
 `` where i want to take you is two blocks down . 
 we can drive if you want . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder , his eyes starting at the top of her head and drifting all the way to her toes . 
 geez , when he looked at her like that , did he expect her to be able to communicate ? 
 she was mush now , useless mush . 
 his smile tipped higher , as if he knew what he was doing to her . 
 `` it 's kind of too cold for you . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he faced the front , flipping those keys around . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 this is your world , though . '' 
 she smiled at his back . 
 `` it is kind of co - '' her words ended in a startled shriek as her foot hit a thick patch of ice that had n't thawed . 
 before she knew it , her arms were flailing as she sought to keep her balance . 
 not going to happen . 
 in those teeny , tiny seconds , she 'd resigned herself to cracking her skull wide open in front of dawson . 
 an ambulance would need to be called . 
 mom would find out . 
 dad would get summoned from work . 
 she 'd be grounded , with a concussion . 
 or worse . 
 warm arms surrounded her , catching her a half second before she went splat . 
 and there she remained , suspended in air , her hair brushing the slick asphalt . 
 dawson 's face was inches from hers , eyes closed in concentration , face tight and grim . 
 bethany could n't even speak around her shock . 
 dawson had been several feet ahead . 
 for him to get to her so quickly was mind-boggling . 
 breathless , she stared up at him and swallowed hard . 
 `` okay . 
 you have the reflexes of a cat on steroids . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said , sounding almost as out of breath as she was . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 wetting her lips , she nodded and then realized he could n't see that . 
 `` yes , i 'm fine . '' 
 slowly straightening , he had her back on her feet before he released her . 
 his eyes opened , and bethany could n't believe what she was seeing . 
 the irises were still a beautiful green , but the pupils ... the pupils were white . 
 without realizing it , she took a step forward . 
 `` dawson ... '' he blinked and his eyes were normal . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 shaking her head , she did n't know if her mind was messing with her or what . 
 pupils could n't be white . 
 and he was fast-like olympic gold medalist fast . 
 and quiet , too . 
 quiet as a ghost on a weight loss program . 
 and his friend could melt ping-pong balls ... chapter 8 over the next month , bethany saw more and more of dawson . 
 they hung out as much as they could at school . 
 how he managed to finagle his way out of fourth period on a consistent basis amazed her . 
 charm ? 
 hell , he needed to bottle that stuff . 
 on the days they shared lunch , he took her to the mom and pop diner down the street . 
 there had n't been any more near-death experiences in the parking lot and no more amazing feats of speed on dawson 's end . 
 and no more glowy pupils . 
 it sounded crazy now and even she wanted to laugh , but every time they touched , there was an electrical shock that passed between them . 
 lately , it was more than that . 
 after the initial static charge faded , it felt like his skin ... hummed or vibrated . 
 it was the strangest damn thing . 
 pacing back and forth , she was wearing a path in the floor . 
 ordinarily , she was never this wrapped up in a boy . 
 but there was something about him . 
 he was a constant shadow in her thoughts . 
 they talked every day , in between classes , at lunch , on the phone at night , and what not , and even though she knew a lot about him , there was still so much she did n't know . 
 like she did n't know anything about his parents , very little about his siblings , and she had a suspicion that he may be related to one of the teachers at school , because she always saw him with the guy . 
 she 'd just been scratching the surface of dawson . 
 knew his likes and dislikes and his love of hiking and being outside , discovered that stupid jokes made them both laugh and that he was n't big on tv . 
 but the real stuff ? 
 his past ? 
 nope . 
 glancing at her bed , she stared down at phillip . 
 he 'd wanted to watch her paint after school and had fallen asleep on her bed . 
 now he was all curled up like a little lima bean , his thumb in his mouth and his cherub face peaceful . 
 a flash of white light shot across her laptop as the screensaver kicked on . 
 it was a moving image of falling stars . 
 sitting down beside her brother , she stared at the screen . 
 the white was intense , consuming . 
 like dawson 's pupils had been . 
 but she 'd been seeing things , right ? 
 stress-induced reaction caused by nearly sucking face with the icy pavement . 
 there was no logical explanation for what she 'd seen afterward . 
 not that it really mattered . 
 he could be a llama in disguise and she 'd still be ... fascinated by him . 
 she was falling for dawson in spite of the fact that she knew there were things he was hiding from her . 
 falling hard . 
 but he was n't the only one holding back . 
 if bethany was being honest with herself-which she was-she had to admit that she had been holding back , too . 
 rolling onto her side , she grabbed her phone . 
 a master plan formed in her mind as she sent dawson a quick text , inviting him over to her house on saturday . 
 his response was immediate . 
 what time ? 
 now she just needed to break the news to her parents . 
 chapter 9 dawson did n't need directions to beth 's house , but he went through the motions of asking for them anyway . 
 it was n't as totally stalkerish as it looked , though . 
 mainly it was due to the fact that it really was n't that hard to find anything around petersburg . 
 especially when you knew the layout of the area as well as he did . 
 ever since the day outside of the school , when he pulled the superman-speed crap , he felt like he was walking around on pins and needles . 
 bethany had n't brought it up again , but he knew she was thinking about it . 
 every so often , he caught her looking at him as if she were trying to really see him . 
 see behind the clothes and the skin , to what really existed underneath . 
 part of him liked that . 
 the other part was terrified . 
 if she ever found out ... easing the jetta down the narrow road choked with elm trees , he took a deep breath . 
 no doubt she would n't want anything to do with him if she knew that more than 90 percent of his dna was from out of this solar system . 
 was it wrong , lying to her ? 
 he was n't sure . 
 honestly , he 'd never even asked himself that when he 'd messed around with human girls before . 
 he had no clue what that really said about him . 
 the old farmhouse came into view , rising up against the gray skies of early april , and he saw three cars parked out front . 
 one was a porsche , which he knew belonged to her uncle . 
 dawson had been surprised when she 'd asked him last night if he wanted to come over . 
 from what he 'd gathered , her parents would flip if she brought a boy home . 
 but here he was . 
 he parked the car and climbed out , smoothing his hands over his jeans . 
 probably should 've worn something nicer . 
 not that he met a lot of human parents , since his interactions with human girls did n't get this far . 
 stopping in front of the door , he let out a long breath . 
 sneaking out so that dee did n't question where he was going had been the hard part . 
 parents would be a piece of cake . 
 yeah , keep telling yourself that . 
 mom and dad will be so proud that she brought home an alien . 
 before he could knock on the door , it opened , revealing a tall , slender woman who looked waaay too young to be bethany 's mom . 
 eyes that matched bethany 's met his . 
 the woman blinked and looked like she wanted to take a step back . 
 `` you must be dawson , '' she said , placing a hand against her chest . 
 dawson smiled . 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 i 'm here to see bethany . '' 
 footsteps pounded down the stairs , cutting off mrs. williams 's response . 
 bethany appeared behind her mom , eyes wide . 
 she wiggled around her , grabbing dawson 's hand . 
 she pulled him inside . 
 `` mom , meet dawson . 
 dawson , meet mom . '' 
 her mom arched a brow . 
 `` that 's not how you typically introduce people , bethany . '' 
 `` works for me , '' she quipped , tugging him toward the stairs . 
 a man stepped out from what appeared to be a living room , a remote control in his hand and a confused expression on his face . 
 `` uh ... '' `` and that 's dad . 
 little butt-er , phillip is taking a nap . '' 
 over her father 's shoulder was a frail , thin wisp of a man . 
 dawson almost did n't recognize him from the few times he 'd seen the doctor around town . 
 `` and that 's my uncle . '' 
 dawson gave them a wave . 
 `` it 's nice to meet - '' `` we 're going upstairs . '' 
 she started for the steps , shooting him a look that had him grinning . 
 `` keep the door open , '' her mom called from the bottom . 
 `` mom , '' bethany whined , cheeks flushed . 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 dammit . 
 he wanted it to be like that and then some . 
 her mother repeated the order again , and bethany pulled him down the hallway . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 my mom thinks whenever a boy is in my bedroom that must mean we 're making out or something . '' 
 she dropped his hand , opening her door . 
 `` it 's so embarrassing . '' 
 dawson stepped around her , scanning her bedroom . 
 music played on low from her laptop . 
 there was n't much going on , just the basics , with the exception of the easel sitting in front of the window . 
 `` do you have boys in your bedroom a lot ? '' 
 she laughed as she skirted around him . 
 `` oh , yeah , all the time . 
 it 's like a train station in here . '' 
 his brows shot up . 
 he could n't tell if she was joking or not . 
 seeing his expression , she laughed again . 
 he loved that sound-loved that she laughed so much . 
 `` i 'm joking , '' she said , sitting down on the bed . 
 she patted the spot next to her . 
 `` actually , you 're the first boy to be in my bedroom . '' 
 a rush of possessiveness hit him hard . 
 ignoring it , he sat beside her and leaned back , watching her from behind hooded eyes . 
 `` well , you are new still . 
 unless you work fast , i 'd hope i 'm the first guy . '' 
 she twisted around , sitting cross-legged . 
 `` i bet you 've been in many , many girls ' bedrooms . '' 
 he shrugged one shoulder . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` come on , with someone who looks like you , there 's probably a line of girls hoping to take you home . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he reached out , tugging on the hem of her jeans . 
 `` i 'm here with you , are n't i ? '' 
 `` yeah , you are . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` sometimes i wonder why . '' 
 dawson stared at her a moment , then laughed . 
 she could n't be serious . 
 there was no way she did n't know how pretty she was or how her laugh drew people to her . 
 her frown deepened . 
 `` are you laughing at me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he replied . 
 he shot forward , moving faster than he should have , and caught her hand . 
 `` you ca n't tell me you 're surprised that i 'm here . 
 i 've been your shadow since the first day you arrived . '' 
 beth 's eyes dropped to where his hand wrapped around hers . 
 after a moment , she settled down . 
 `` i know i 'm not ugly , but you 're ... you 're ... '' a grin pulled at his lips . 
 `` i 'm what ? '' 
 crimson stained her cheeks , and his grin spread into a smile . 
 she pulled her hand free , but he did n't think she was mad . 
 `` you know what you are , '' she said , reaching over and picking up a large album . 
 `` anyway , i found this old photo album . 
 you want to look at it ? '' 
 he leaned back on his elbows . 
 `` we can do whatever you want . '' 
 her lashes lifted , and he felt as if he 'd been punched in the stomach when their eyes met . 
 no . 
 not that . 
 like when he shed his human skin and took his real form . 
 that rush of pure electricity and power when his being became light . 
 that is what he felt when bethany looked at him . 
 more than anything , he wanted to know what was going on in that head of hers , what was making her eyes so dark that it was almost difficult to tell the difference between her pupils and irises . 
 did she feel it ? 
 god , he hoped he was n't reading her wrong , because if so , this was all about to get really awkward . 
 but it was n't like humans were all that different from luxen , once you got past the whole alien thing . 
 she showed him pictures of her family from nevada , flipping through the album with a soft smile on her face as she made a comment about this relative and that one . 
 but man , did he ever have a hard time paying attention to them . 
 all he wanted to see was sitting right next to him-on a bed , no less . 
 he could n't stop staring at her-at the finely arched eyebrows , her cheekbones , the way her lips curved , how she tilted her head - bethany laughed , lifting her chin . 
 `` you 're not even looking at the pictures , dawson . '' 
 he thought about lying but grinned instead . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 're distracting . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 she had no idea that he could literally stare at her all day . 
 it was like he was obsessed . 
 whipped is what daemon would say , but his brother did n't understand . 
 hell , dawson was n't even sure he understood what he was doing here , with this girl-this beautiful human girl . 
 this was trouble . 
 and he really did n't care . 
 over the low hum of music , he could hear her parents talking with the doctor . 
 his eyes flicked to the bedroom door . 
 willing it closed the rest of the way with a soft click , he turned his attention back to bethany , but she did n't appear to notice . 
 `` i 'm glad you invited me over , '' he said . 
 she turned slightly and surprise flickered across her face . 
 his gaze dropped to her parted lips . 
 they were dangerously close to his , which meant he was on the verge of doing something he could n't turn back from . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she murmured , lashes lowering . 
 `` nothing ... '' he leaned in just a fraction and inhaled deeply . 
 damn . 
 she smelled wonderful . 
 like vanilla and roses . 
 every part of him liked that . 
 reaching up slowly , he placed his palm against her cheek . 
 bethany did n't pull back . 
 reassured by that , he spread his fingers out , cupping the delicate curves . 
 her lashes lowered completely , shielding lovely eyes . 
 warmth gathered inside him , like a tightly wound ball . 
 why , out of everyone , did he have to feel this way with her-a human ? 
 did it matter ? 
 honestly ? 
 dawson had never looked at humans the way daemon and most of the other luxen did . 
 they were n't frail , helpless , or inferior creatures . 
 so why would he be surprised at being attracted to one ? 
 and then it hit him . 
 dawson just had n't expected her . 
 ... several heartbeats passed before bethany swallowed . 
 inviting dawson to her house was pretty much a bold move on her part . 
 so she 'd been a ball of nerves all day . 
 when she 'd broken the news to her parents , she 'd had to give them dawson 's life story , which was n't much . 
 then she 'd been all jumpy with him in her bedroom , so close to the damn paintings she 'd done of him now hidden away in her closet . 
 somehow , with him sitting on her bed , it changed things . 
 the whole point of inviting him over was so that he 'd returned the invite-bring her to his house . 
 now she was n't really thinking about that . 
 dawson was inching closer , his breath moving over her lashes , the tip of her nose , her cheek ... she felt like she 'd lost her balance . 
 `` have i told you how beautiful you are ? '' 
 he asked , voice deep and husky . 
 `` no . '' 
 but he really did n't have to . 
 she could tell by the way he looked at her , and that was better than any pretty words . 
 his breath danced over her chin . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 okay , hearing the words really was super nice . 
 `` thank you . 
 you are n't too bad yourself . '' 
 as dawson laughed , his nose brushed hers , and she sucked in air like she 'd never breathed before . 
 he was so damn close ... `` i want to kiss you . '' 
 there was a pause , and her heart soared , chest swelled . 
 `` is that all right with you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 was it ? 
 oh , wow , yes it was . 
 but she could n't find the words . 
 so she nodded . 
 before she could close her eyes , dawson breached the minuscule space separating them and brought his mouth flush against hers . 
 he brushed his lips over hers , and she felt the velvety-soft touch all the way to the tips of her curled toes . 
 then his mouth moved over hers again , as if testing what she thought , waiting for her response . 
 with her heart in her throat , she placed her hands on his shoulders and leaned in . 
 a shudder rolled through dawson , and he cupped her cheek . 
 her skin hummed as the kiss deepened . 
 somehow one of her hands ended up clutching the front of his sweater , pulling him closer , because there was still some space between them and that space was too much . 
 dawson 's hand slid to the nape of her neck , guiding her down so that she was under him and his arms were the perfect kind of cage . 
 and he kept kissing her , changing the angle , causing her pulse to thrum through her body and along her nerve endings . 
 then he pressed down , fitted against her from knees to shoulders , and she was drifting in raw emotions and heat . 
 a very real , intense heat that beat at her , lapped at her in waves . 
 there was something magical in the way he kissed , because she swore she was seeing stars behind her lids . 
 it was taking the air right out of her lungs . 
 slow , heady warmth stole through her veins . 
 something buzzed , like a timer in her ears , but boy oh boy , she did n't care . 
 not when dawson was kissing her . 
 not when a hand fell to her shoulder , slid down her arm , over the curve of her waist , to her hip . 
 not even when the white light behind her lids grew to be so intense she had to open her eyes . 
 chapter 10 the arum was nearby . 
 every cell in daemon 's body was telling him so . 
 nasty sob was bold , too , because the sun was way up in the sky for the arum to be so close to what was his . 
 oh , hell no , this was n't going to fly . 
 dee stopped twirling her straw in her soda as her features pinched . 
 for a moment , all he heard was the crackling of the logs coming from the fireplace . 
 jocelyn , the manager of the smoke hole diner , straightened as her fingers tightened around the poker . 
 `` one of them is near ? '' 
 dee whispered . 
 jocelyn came to their table , her pale hand fluttering over her rounded belly . 
 `` do you feel that ? '' 
 her voice was low as her eyes searched the windows . 
 `` a darkness has come . '' 
 daemon glanced down at his half-eaten meatloaf sandwich . 
 more like a pain in his ass had come . 
 funny how seeing a culinary work of art go to waste made you mean as a snake . 
 the arum was going to die . 
 grabbing a napkin , he cleaned his hands off as he stood . 
 he only saw his sister . 
 `` call adam and andrew , and do not leave this place until they come get you . '' 
 a flush covered her cheeks . 
 `` but i can help you , '' she said in a low voice . 
 `` i can fight . '' 
 `` over my dead body . '' 
 he turned to jocelyn . 
 `` if she tries to leave here with the thompson brothers , i give you permission to tackle her . '' 
 jocelyn glanced down at her belly as if she were trying to figure out how she was supposed to that when dee groaned . 
 `` fine . 
 just come back alive , all right ? '' 
 `` i always come back , '' he replied . 
 he started around the table but stopped and kissed dee 's cheek . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 tears filled her eyes , and he knew part of the reason was because he was n't letting her get involved . 
 his siblings were the only things he had left , so she could cry him a river and that was n't changing a damn thing . 
 there was no way he was going to let dee put herself in danger . 
 it was bad enough dawson patrolled sometimes . 
 if daemon had his way , neither of his siblings would be out there looking for arum . 
 shouldering the responsibility of protecting them was n't something he took lightly or regretted . 
 in a way , it gave him back some kind of control when the dod ran everything else . 
 outside the diner , he casually strolled across the parking lot , nodding at an elderly couple that smiled . 
 look at him , being all civil and stuff . 
 when his booted feet crunched over fallen branches , his hands flexed . 
 he kept going , far enough that no one would see him pull his superhero stunt . 
 deep in the woods , he closed his eyes and let his senses spread out . 
 squirrels or some other tiny woodland creatures skittered across the floor of the forest . 
 birds sang . 
 spring was on the way ... and so was one big , pissed-off , evil alien . 
 shedding his human form took a second . 
 power surged from deep inside him , and the uncanny sense to root out a nearby arum took hold . 
 they left a dark stain on the fringe of a luxen 's consciousness-an inkblot that was like a fingerprint . 
 it worked the same way for the arum outside the range of the beta quartz that made up the seneca rocks . 
 it was why living here was peaceful . 
 daemon 's kind was protected , but every once in a while , an arum stumbled too close . 
 contact was made , and then the arum brought in his buddies . 
 three of them had already been taken out . 
 this should be the last one . 
 as daemon zipped through the trees at a blinding speed , he wondered what the hell his brother was doing . 
 on saturdays , they usually spent the day watching all the ghost investigator episodes tivoed that week . 
 but dawson had bailed on him . 
 oh , yeah , he had a clue where he was . 
 chilling with the human - the blast of dark energy hit him square in the chest , sending him flying backward like a ball that had just been knocked out of the park . 
 he smacked into a tree hard enough that it groaned and shook as he slid down to the mossy bed of the woods . 
 god . 
 dammit . 
 sheer grit got him off the ground . 
 immeasurable stupidity had him bum-rushing the thick shadow coming at him like a souped-up bulldozer . 
 the arum switched into his human form at the last moment , losing the vulnerability . 
 all decked out in leather pants ... and nothing else . 
 nice . 
 just what daemon wanted to do-wrestle with a half-naked dude . 
 okay , so the arum wanted to play hard ? 
 well , it was his lucky day . 
 taking on his human form , daemon swung his arm forward , hitting the arum with a damn good uppercut . 
 the thing grunted and threw a meaty arm at daemon 's head . 
 he ducked under the arm , shooting up behind the arum . 
 leaning back , daemon planted his foot in the arum 's spine . 
 funny thing about taking human form was that skin bled and bones broke . 
 both of their kinds would have to flip back to their real form to heal , and then they 'd be at their weakest . 
 hopefully this arum would be stupid enough to fall for it . 
 daemon had a blade dying to make friends . 
 but the arum was n't . 
 it whipped around , rearing back with one hand . 
 dark energy shot forth , narrowly missing daemon as he darted to the side . 
 you 're going to be tasssty , the arum taunted . 
 `` if i had a dollar every time i heard that . '' 
 daemon threw his hand out . 
 a streak of light hit a thick branch , breaking it off . 
 he raced forward , catching the massive limb and holding it like a bat . 
 he smiled . 
 `` batter up , mofo . '' 
 the arum hissed-literally hissed at him . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 he came at daemon like a train , and daemon swung . 
 the crack shook his entire body , and the sickening thud pleased him in ways he should be worried about . 
 but the arum did n't go down . 
 pulling into himself like someone had shoved a vacuum into his back , the arum retreated into a small black ball and shot off through the trees , running like a pansy . 
 daemon started to give chase , but he knew from experience when an arum ran , there was no capturing him . 
 tossing the splintered limb aside , he pivoted around , ignoring the raw pain shooting through his hip . 
 once he was at home , he would change and heal . 
 until then , he would deal with the bruises and aches . 
 but once he got back to his house and took care of that , all he was going to do was just chill . 
 like everyone else in this damn world did . 
 ... god , dawson had never felt this way before . 
 every part of his body burned as he tasted her kiss and familiarized himself with the way she felt beneath him . 
 intense white light seared his eyes . 
 the breathy , little feminine sounds she was making were music to his ears , a beautiful melody of sighs . 
 and then his song stopped . 
 beth 's hand jerked off his shoulder , and she gasped against his mouth . 
 `` oh my god ... '' he lifted his head and opened his eyes . 
 oh , hell ... all he saw was white glow that bathed beth 's face , reflected off the walls , covered the entire bed ... oh , holy shit . 
 dawson sprang off the bed , but his feet never touched the floor beside it . 
 he hovered , staring down at himself . 
 he was glowing . 
 like in full motherfreaking alien mode up in her house , in her bedroom . 
 bethany skittered across the bed and pressed against the headboard . 
 her eyes were wide as she stared at him , her mouth working but no words coming out . 
 shock suspended time . 
 everything seemed surreal to him . 
 he was n't in bethany 's bedroom . 
 he had n't exposed what he truly was . 
 and this girl-this beautiful human he was falling for was n't staring at him like he was king freak . 
 grasping the edge of her comforter , she shook her head back and forth . 
 like she was having trouble processing what she was seeing , which was understandable . 
 dawson was glowing like a star . 
 his heart was racing so fast he could feel it in his fingertips . 
 partly due to the whole kissing thing and partly because he was still in his true form . 
 and she was glowing faintly , like someone had dipped a paintbrush into white paint and shaded her edges . 
 of course , bethany could n't see it . 
 no human could . 
 the trace surrounding her was a reaction of the high emf surrounding him when he was in his real skin . 
 crap-she was glowing . 
 bethany blinked slowly , her fingers easing off the blanket . 
 `` dawson ? '' 
 do something , he ordered himself . 
 but his control had slipped , and he could n't pull it back . 
 light radiated from him , filling every inch of the room . 
 she rose to her knees little by little . 
 he was certain he could see her heart pounding through her sweater , could smell her fear . 
 she was seconds from bolting from the room , screaming . 
 bethany inched across the bed , making her way toward him . 
 dawson drifted back , wanting to say something , but in his true form , he did n't speak like a human . 
 luxen used ... different paths . 
 at the edge of the bed , she peered up at him . 
 in her brown eyes , he could see his reflection , and he hated what he saw . 
 `` dawson , '' she whispered , clasping her hands under her chin . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 yes , he said . 
 but she could n't hear him . 
 when the silence stretched , became unbearable , she swung her legs off the bed and stood . 
 instead of running for the door like any sane person would , she reached out , bringing her fingers within inches of touching his light . 
 dawson jerked back . 
 bethany yanked her hand to her chest . 
 `` what ... what are you ? '' 
 god , was n't that a loaded question ? 
 the whole telling part seemed a moot point now , but how could he explain what happened ? 
 hey , honey , i 'm an alien and apparently i just doused you with some radioactive loving ! 
 wan na catch a movie ? 
 yeah , not cool . 
 so many things were rushing through his thoughts . 
 he 'd exposed his kind-his family , putting them in danger , risking beth . 
 there was no stopping her if she decided to scream alien or giant light bug . 
 but he needed to rein it in . 
 her parents were downstairs , and he had a feeling the longer he stayed in this form , the stronger her trace would be . 
 moving to the far side of the room , away from beth , he willed his out-of-control emotions to stabilize . 
 it was hard as hell , but eventually he managed to take his human form , and the room was cast in shadows again . 
 everything except beth-there was a soft halo around her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he croaked . 
 bethany 's legs seemed to collapse beneath her . 
 she plopped down on the bed , shaking her head again . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 leaning against the wall , he closed his eyes . 
 there was no point in lying now or keeping secrets . 
 the damage was done . 
 all he could hope was that he could convince her not to go public with this . 
 `` i 'm an alien . '' 
 the words sounded thick and foreign to his ears , and he barked a laugh . 
 `` i 'm a luxen . '' 
 she pulled up her knees , tucking them against her chest . 
 `` an alien ? 
 like in close encounters of the third kind ? '' 
 she laughed then , and it carried a sort of hysterical edge to it . 
 when the sound trickled off , her head snapped toward him . 
 `` that 's why you like that dumb movie cocoon so much . 
 this ... this is n't real . 
 it ca n't be . 
 oh my god , i 'm crazy ... schizophrenia . '' 
 dawson swallowed . 
 `` you 're not crazy , bethany . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you were n't supposed to know , and i do n't even know how ... how this happened . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you do n't normally light up when you kiss girls ? 
 because that could get real awkward , right ? '' 
 she clapped her hand over her mouth . 
 `` sorry . 
 oh , god , i do n't know ... alien ? '' 
 hearing the confusion in her voice tore through him , and he wanted to somehow make it better , but how ? 
 at least he did n't sense any fear in her anymore . 
 amazing . 
 he took a tentative step forward , and when she did n't move , he was reassured . 
 `` maybe it will help if i start over ? '' 
 she nodded slowly . 
 taking a deep breath , he sat before her and tilted his head back , meeting her eyes . 
 what he was about to do was unheard of . 
 the rules he was about to break were astronomical . 
 an image of his brother and sister formed in his head , and his chest squeezed . 
 he knew if this went badly , it went badly for them , too . 
 and it would also go badly for bethany . 
 chapter 11 all bethany could do was stare at dawson . 
 that was pretty much all she was capable of . 
 alien ? 
 the logical part of her brain kept spewing things like , this is just a hallucination or a dream . 
 or , this is the onset of a mental disease . 
 maybe dawson never existed , but then again , that did n't make sense . 
 pretty sure she 'd seen other people interacting with him . 
 unless her hallucinations were on such an epic level she believed she 'd seen people - `` bethany . '' 
 his quiet voice intruded . 
 her heart turned over heavily . 
 `` this is real , right ? '' 
 his face contorted as if he were in pain . 
 `` yes , it 's real . '' 
 crazy people probably did things like this all the time . 
 asked their imaginary alien friends if they were real , and of course , they 'd say yes . 
 she placed her hands against her cheeks and then ran them through her tangled hair . 
 did crazy people also make out with their hallucinations ? 
 because that was probably the only upside to all of this . 
 dawson placed his hand on her knee . 
 `` i ca n't even begin to understand what you 're going through . 
 i really ca n't , but i promise you that this is real and you 're not crazy . '' 
 he squeezed her leg . 
 `` and i 'm so sorry for making you feel this way and for you finding out like this . '' 
 `` do n't apologize . '' 
 her voice sounded hoarse . 
 `` it 's just ... a lot to comprehend . 
 i mean , i never really thought about aliens . 
 like , okay , maybe they do exist somewhere out there , but ... yeah , i do n't know if i really did believe . 
 and you ca n't be an alien . '' 
 she laughed again and then winced . 
 it sounded like a whole lot of crazy . 
 `` i just saw you ... glow , but it was more than just glowing . 
 you were light , right ? 
 a human form of light-arms and legs made out of light . '' 
 dawson nodded . 
 `` we 're called luxen . 
 in our true forms we are nothing more than light , but ... it 's not like you think . 
 you can touch us-we have form and shape . '' 
 `` form and shape , '' she mumbled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he lowered his lashes , and in that instant , he seemed terribly young and vulnerable . 
 `` we 're from a planet called lux . 
 well , it was once called that . 
 it does n't exist anymore . 
 destroyed . 
 but that 's neither here nor there . 
 we 've been here for hundreds , if not thousands of years , on and off . '' 
 her stomach did a twisty motion . 
 `` you 're ... that old ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no ! '' 
 dawson laughed , lifting his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sixteen . 
 we-my family-came here when we were children , very young , and we age the same way you do . '' 
 `` on a spaceship ? '' 
 she almost laughed again , but managed to keep it down . 
 a spaceship-a freaking spaceship . 
 dear god , that was a word she thought she 'd never utter . 
 this was ... wow . 
 dawson shifted , clasping his hands in his lap . 
 `` we do n't have spaceships . 
 we travel in our true form . 
 uh , we travel as light . 
 and in that form , we do n't breathe like you would . 
 so different atmospheres , yeah ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` when we got here , we ... picked our human forms , melding our dna in a way , but we can look like anyone . '' 
 bethany sat straighter . 
 this had just gone from bizarro land into twilight zone territory . 
 `` you can look like anyone ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` we do n't do it a lot ; only when we need to . '' 
 trying to wrap her brain around this , she tugged on her hair with both hands . 
 `` okay , so what you look like now , that 's not real ? '' 
 `` no , this '' - he tapped his chest - `` this is real . 
 like i said , our dna adapts quickly to our environment . 
 and we are always born in threes - '' `` andrew and his siblings-they are luxen , too ? '' 
 when he nodded , she was almost relieved . 
 `` andrew did melt the ping-pong ball ! '' 
 `` yeah , see , we control things related to light , which is heat and at times fire . '' 
 he still had n't looked at her , not directly . 
 `` i do n't know why he did that . 
 the general population ca n't know about us . 
 so , it 's important that we do n't do anything stupid . 
 and that was stupid . 
 hell , what i just did was colossally stupid . '' 
 she watched him . 
 now that the shock was ebbing away , her mind was starting to put things together . 
 at least now she knew how such a small town could have six insanely gorgeous people . 
 go figure they were n't human in nature . 
 then it struck her-the whole episode in the icy parking lot . 
 `` what else can you do ? '' 
 his features pinched . 
 `` i really should n't - '' `` but i already know , right ? '' 
 she slid off the bed , sitting in front of him so her knees pressed into his . 
 he jerked as if surprised by the contact but did n't move . 
 `` what harm can it cause now ? '' 
 his brows shot up . 
 `` it can cause a lot of problems . '' 
 dread inched up her spine , sending shivers over her shoulders . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 he opened his mouth but shook his head . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 uh , you want to know what else we can do ? 
 we can move fast . 
 that 's how i caught you in the parking lot . 
 we can also harness energy-our light . 
 it 's pretty strong . 
 a human would n't survive a hit from us . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 that was n't good news , but she could n't picture dawson hurting anyone . 
 maybe that 's why she was n't afraid . 
 or she was just naive . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` that basically covers that side of things . '' 
 she knew there was more to it , and she wanted to push the topic , but there were just so many more questions . 
 `` how many are here ? '' 
 `` a lot , '' he said , watching his hands . 
 `` most of our kind live in colonies . 
 the government is aware of us-the department of defense , that is . 
 they monitor us . '' 
 okay , now she was getting visions of men in black . 
 sitting back , she let it sink in . 
 a whole other world had just opened up in front of her . 
 one she suspected not a lot of people were aware of , even if the government had something to do with it . 
 crazy as it sounded , she felt ... privileged somehow . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah , i 'm just soaking this up . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` why earth ? '' 
 dawson 's smile was faint . 
 `` our kind has been coming here since humans walked the earth , or maybe longer than that . 
 in a way , it 's familiar to us , i guess . '' 
 `` and your parents - '' `` my parents are dead , '' he said in a monotone . 
 `` so are the thompsons ' parents . '' 
 her chest squeezed . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 she wanted to reach out , comfort him , but right now , he acted as if he was afraid of her , which was odd , all things considered . 
 `` i really am sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 his chest rose unevenly . 
 `` they died when we were babies . '' 
 `` how ... how do you get by without parents , though ? 
 would n't people suspect something ? '' 
 `` that 's when the changing shape is handy . 
 one of us pretends to be the parent , '' he explained . 
 `` and the dod keeps a roof over our heads and stuff . '' 
 fascinated , she started spouting off more and more questions . 
 hours went by as she practically interrogated him in-between her mom checking in on them . 
 what about the colony ? 
 he would n't talk about it , so she moved on . 
 did any other humans around here know ? 
 the answer was no . 
 how involved was the dod ? 
 from what she could gather from dawson , heavily involved . 
 they monitored every aspect of the luxen 's lives , from where they chose to live , what colleges they went to , down to when they applied for a driver 's license . 
 another fun fact was they did n't get sick . 
 no flu . 
 no common colds . 
 no cancers or nerve diseases . 
 there was no need for a doctor . 
 if they were injured in their human form , they only needed to resort back to their true form to heal `` most '' injuries . 
 `` let me get this right , '' bethany said , leaning toward him . 
 `` you ca n't be hurt , then ? 
 not really ? '' 
 dawson shook his head . 
 `` we can be hurt . 
 the arum are our greatest enemies . '' 
 `` the who ? '' 
 he rubbed the heel of his hand against his temple . 
 `` they are like us , sort of . 
 instead of three born at the same time , there are four . 
 they are from our sister planet . 
 and they are mostly comprised of shadows , but their dna adapted like ours . 
 they look human most of the time . '' 
 `` and they 're dangerous ? '' 
 `` they hunted us into near extinction , destroyed our planet . 
 they followed us here . '' 
 her throat felt dry . 
 `` why do they hunt you ? '' 
 `` for our abilities , '' he explained . 
 `` without them , they are weak . 
 the more luxen they kill , the more abilities they absorb . '' 
 `` that ... that is messed up . '' 
 he looked up then , meeting her eyes . 
 `` they are only one of the reasons why we have to be careful around humans . '' 
 knots formed in her stomach . 
 she thought of the light-the intensity and heat . 
 `` can you harm people in your true form ? '' 
 `` no-i mean , we distort electromagnetic fields when we use our abilities . 
 that increases them . 
 too much of it can make a human sick or nauseated and nervous , but nothing permanent . 
 and sometimes we vibrate ... or hum . '' 
 `` i 've felt that before . '' 
 she smiled a little , remembering the way his hand had thrummed beneath hers . 
 dawson 's eyes glittered . 
 `` but whenever we use our abilities or go into our true form , we leave a trace behind on the human . 
 like right now , you have a faint glow around you . '' 
 `` a trace ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` we stay here and in places like petersburg , because there is a large concentration of beta quartz in the rocks . 
 it disrupts the fields around us , blocking our detection from the arum , but it does n't block traces . '' 
 her breath caught , somehow knowing where this was leading . 
 `` so , these arum can see the trace around me and ... and find you through that trace ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 she placed a hand over her heart . 
 `` your trace is very faint . 
 i do n't think it will be any problem . '' 
 relief flooded her , and he seemed to try to smile . 
 `` i feel stupid for even saying this , but you ca n't tell anyone about this , bethany . 
 no one must know . '' 
 she laughed then , knowing she surprised him . 
 `` dawson , no one would believe me . '' 
 `` it does n't stop people , though . 
 there have been some who have discovered the truth . 
 who have seen a luxen in his or her true form and tried to tell other people . '' 
 his eyes were doing that shiny thing again , like there was a white light behind the pupils . 
 she guessed there was . 
 `` those people disappeared . '' 
 ice covered the knots in her stomach . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` the dod takes care of them . 
 how ? 
 i do n't know . 
 but their main job is to cloak us in secrecy and make sure no one threatens that objective . '' 
 kind of scary to think of that , but she also understood why . 
 humans would freak if they knew aliens were running around . 
 aliens who could change identities , move as fast as light , and harness whatever energy . 
 and on the flip side , a human holding that kind of knowledge wielded a lot of power , did n't she ? 
 money would probably be involved , if one went public with details . 
 bethany shook her head . 
 it would n't be right , though , for several reasons . 
 `` i wo n't say anything , dawson . 
 i know promising i wo n't does n't mean much , but ... i really do n't want to disappear , and i do n't want to get you in trouble . '' 
 he exhaled loudly . 
 `` i do believe you . 
 thank you . '' 
 heartbeats passed in silence as she studied his downturned face . 
 god , he was beautiful . 
 his features perfectly pieced together . 
 should 've known some kind of foreign dna was somehow involved . 
 then she remembered their first phone call and how he 'd said he was from far away . 
 funny thing was he had n't lied to her then . 
 bethany really did n't know what to say or think . 
 obviously she was n't crazy . 
 dawson was ... an alien , but she had a hard time seeing it . 
 not that she did n't accept what he was , but as she stared at him , all she saw was dawson . 
 dawson who spoke to her the first day here , who followed her out into the hallway , and who skipped class to spend lunch with her . 
 dawson who devoted hours on the phone with her , talking until they both fell asleep like goobers . 
 all she really saw was dawson-a boy she was falling for . 
 he 'd stayed still while she 'd been staring at him , but he looked away now , a muscle flexing in his jaw . 
 bethany rose to her knees suddenly . 
 `` can i touch you ? 
 when you 're in your ... true form ? '' 
 his eyes snapped to hers , the green churning with a mixture of hope and panic , relief and sorrow . 
 there was also this oddly tender look on his face that pulled at her heart , made it thump harder . 
 `` why would you want to ? '' 
 she bit her lip , wondering if she 'd somehow insulted him . 
 was touching in their true form uncouth ? 
 he had jumped away from her awfully fast . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just do . '' 
 shock splashed across his face . 
 `` you really want to ? '' 
 holding her breath , she nodded . 
 `` it should n't make your trace worse , but ... '' he rose to his knees anyway , and closed his eyes . 
 a second later , he faded out . 
 his clothes , the shape under them , everything just faded away but was quickly replaced by white light edged in blue.he extended one arm and fingers formed . 
 five of them . 
 just like hers . 
 beth 's gaze darted up and his head tilted to the side , waiting . 
 his light illuminated the entire room . 
 warmth radiated from him . 
 as strange as it was seeing this , he was beautiful . 
 so beautiful there were tears in her eyes , which had nothing to do with the intensity of the light . 
 with her heart in her throat , she reached out her hand . 
 when her fingers brushed the light , a weak shock of electricity rolled up her arm , and then she felt the faint vibration . 
 her fingers clasped his-and it felt the same . 
 warm . 
 smooth . 
 strong . 
 it was dawson 's hand . 
 it just looked different . 
 bethany inched closer , careful not to freak him out . 
 `` can i touch more of you ? '' 
 after a pause , he nodded . 
 then it struck her . 
 `` you ca n't talk to me in this form , can you ? '' 
 dawson shook his head . 
 `` that 's sad . '' 
 but then she placed her hand where she assumed his chest was and his light pulsed . 
 there was a distinct crackle in the room , like a socket blowing . 
 the humming sensation rolled up her arm , reminding her of pushing a lawn mower . 
 her hand slipped down , and the light grew even more powerful . 
 she started to smile , but then she realized she was feeling him up , and , well , that was awkward . 
 pulling her hand back , she hoped he did n't notice her blush . 
 dawson lowered his arm , and the light dimmed . 
 like before , he faded out and took the form she was familiar with , jeans and all . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` beautiful , '' she blurted out . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 his eyes widened , and she felt sort of dumb . 
 `` i mean , what you are is n't something ... bad . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` your secret is safe with me . 
 i promise you . 
 you do n't have anything to worry about . '' 
 `` you 're okay , then ? '' 
 `` everything is okay , '' she whispered , still awestruck by the beauty of his true form . 
 `` good . '' 
 he smiled , but it rang false as he stood , running his hand down his thighs . 
 `` you ca n't imagine how thankful i am that you understand , and do n't worry , i also understand . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` understand what ? '' 
 `` that you do n't want to see me ... like this anymore . '' 
 there was a pause as he flinched . 
 `` i know you probably hate me for pretending to be human and then for kissing you . 
 it was wrong . 
 and it probably disgusts you . 
 after the trace fades , i 'll leave you alone . 
 i swear . 
 but i need to stay close to you now , just to be careful . 
 i do n't want you to worry . 
 the likelihood of an arum finding you is slim . '' 
 `` whoa . 
 wait . '' 
 bethany stood , her heart thumping in her chest again . 
 `` dawson , why would i be disgusted or hate you ? '' 
 he gave her a bland look . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm an alien . '' 
 he said it slowly . 
 `` but you 're still dawson , right ? 
 i mean , i get that you 're what you are , but you 're still dawson . '' 
 she paused , working up her courage to throw it all out there . 
 `` you 're still the guy i like . 
 and if-if you still like me , then i do n't see what the big deal is . '' 
 he paused , and she was pretty sure he stopped breathing . 
 and she tried not to notice or get freaked out by it , because it so would n't help anything right now . 
 dawson just stared at her . 
 ah , maybe she 'd read this wrong ? 
 the kissing , too ? 
 `` i mean , if you still like me ? 
 i do n't know what kind of rules or - '' he 'd crossed the distance between them so quickly she had n't even seen him move . 
 one second she was standing there , yapping away , and the next she was in his arms , his head buried in her hair . 
 strong arms trembled around her . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck and held on . 
 a lump formed in her throat . 
 tears burned her eyes . 
 it dawned on her how incredibly lonely they had to be , living among the humans , but never really being a part of them . 
 `` bethany , '' he murmured , inhaling deeply . 
 `` you have no idea what this ... means to me . '' 
 snuggling closer and breathing in his crisp scent , she held him tighter . 
 there were n't really any words . 
 `` i 'm thinking , '' he said , voice rough . 
 `` about ... ? '' 
 `` you . 
 me . 
 together . 
 like going out together , being together . '' 
 there was a pause , and then he laughed . 
 `` wow . 
 that was probably the lamest attempt ever of asking you to be my girlfriend . '' 
 beth 's heart sped up . 
 lame or not , she was seconds from swooning . 
 `` you want to be my boyfriend ? '' 
 he nodded , and her breath came out in a little gasp . 
 `` well , you kind of have to be with me now . '' 
 lifting her head , she grinned up at him . 
 `` i know your big , bad secret . '' 
 dawson laughed , and his eyes lightened . 
 `` oh , blackmail , huh ? '' 
 when she nodded , he bent down , pressing his head against her forehead . 
 `` seriously though , i want this-i want you . '' 
 the earlier awkwardness was gone from his voice . 
 he was all intent and purpose now . 
 `` more than i 've ever wanted anything . 
 so , yeah , i want to be with you . '' 
 nothing in this world could stop her smile . 
 `` i really , really like the sound of that . '' 
 bethany knew the truth , knew how much he risked , but in his arms , he was and would always be dawson . 
 chapter 12 the ride home was a blur to dawson . 
 he did n't even remember parking the car and heading upstairs . 
 lying in bed , he stared at the ceiling , his thoughts racing and spilling atop one another . 
 he 'd flipped into his true form . 
 holy crap on a cracker . 
 he actually changed in front of her . 
 there were no words . 
 never in his life had that happened . 
 but she had n't freaked . 
 god , no , she 'd actually accepted him . 
 other than ufo fanatics , dawson did n't expect that from any human . 
 pulling his cell out of his pocket , he sent her a quick text , asking if she was okay . 
 her response came back immediately . 
 then his phone beeped again . 
 see each other tmrw ? 
 the grin that spread across his face probably made him look like a dumb sob , but he did n't care . 
 responding back , he told her yes and then dropped the cell on his nightstand . 
 not a second later , his bedroom door opened , and dee popped her head in . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 dawson sat up . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 dee sat in the chair by his desk , folding her slender arms . 
 `` daemon went after the arum today . 
 he was close to the diner . '' 
 dawson 's chest clenched . 
 bethany . 
 she may have accepted him , but damn , how could he forget about that trace ? 
 `` is daemon okay ? '' 
 `` a little banged up , but he 'll be fine . '' 
 there was a pause and then a sigh . 
 `` he 'll always be okay . 
 you know how he is . '' 
 yeah , daemon was a freaking machine . 
 `` let me guess-he 's out there hunting the arum again right now . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` were you with bethany ? '' 
 `` i hung out at her house , met her parents . '' 
 `` sounds serious , '' she whispered . 
 serious as an alien invasion , he thought . 
 crossing his ankles , he narrowed his eyes . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 dee blinked out of the chair and appeared on the foot of the bed , her knees tucked against her chest . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just miss you . 
 daemon 's a bore . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` daemon is more exciting than i am . '' 
 she scrunched up her nose . 
 `` whatever . 
 so , bethany-it is serious , right ? 
 meeting parents ? 
 you 've never done that before . '' 
 they had a close relationship , he and dee . 
 although a lot of the details about his hookups were absent , dee knew everything about him . 
 and he trusted her implicitly . 
 `` i really do like her , '' he said finally , closing his eyes . 
 `` she 's amazing . '' 
 dee did n't respond immediately , and he knew what she was thinking . 
 bethany could be amazing , perfect even , and it would n't matter . 
 aliens and humans did n't mix . 
 `` dawson - '' `` she knows . '' 
 he 'd said it quietly , but the two words were like a nuclear bomb . 
 `` what ? '' 
 dee shrieked . 
 dawson winced . 
 when he opened his eyes , she was standing straight up on the bed , eyes wide and hands shaking . 
 he sat up . 
 `` dee , it 's okay . '' 
 `` how can it be okay ? 
 humans ca n't know about us ! 
 and what about the dod and - '' `` dee , sit and get a grip . 
 okay ? '' 
 he waited until she settled back down . 
 her whole body was vibrating . 
 it happened whenever she got excited or upset . 
 `` i did n't tell her on purpose . '' 
 her head cocked to the side . 
 `` how did you accidentally let it slip ? 
 ` oh , by the way , i 'm an alien . 
 let 's kiss ' ? '' 
 huh , she had it backward . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` i 'm not sure you want to know the details . '' 
 `` did you guys have sex ? 
 because that 's pretty much the only thing you wo n't tell me , which i do appreciate , and on second thought , do n't answer that question . 
 it was gross . '' 
 `` no . 
 we did n't have sex . '' 
 he choked on his laugh . 
 `` geez , dee ... '' she rolled her eyes . 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 rubbing his temples , he glanced at the door . 
 `` bethany and i were making out and something happened that 's never happened before . '' 
 dee leaned back . 
 a look of supreme disgust clouded her pretty face . 
 `` uh , yuck if this is about any kind of premat - '' `` oh my god , shut up and listen , okay ? '' 
 he dragged a hand through his hair . 
 `` we were making out , and i lost my hold on my human form . 
 i lit up like a freaking christmas tree . '' 
 his sister 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` no shit ... '' `` yeah , and she saw me . 
 i had to tell her , because it 's not like i could hide after that . '' 
 dee blinked several times . 
 `` wait . 
 rewind . 
 you lost hold because you were kissing ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 another emotion washed away the disgust . 
 something he could n't place and probably did n't want to . 
 `` you must really , really like her . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 dawson smiled then , unable to help himself . 
 he was such a dork . 
 `` i 've never been kissed like that . '' 
 there went his smile . 
 `` you better not be kissed like that . 
 and i do n't want to hear about it if you do . '' 
 `` hey , it 's caring and sharing time , right ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she waved her hand , dismissing him . 
 `` what did she do ? '' 
 dawson explained how well bethany handled it once she got over her expected shock . 
 respect filled his sister 's eyes . 
 any luxen could appreciate a human 's understanding of keeping this on the down low , and if he believed that bethany would , dee seemed to trust that . 
 `` wait . 
 is she glowing ? '' 
 she whispered the last bit , as if saying it out loud was some sort of sin . 
 dawson nodded . 
 `` a little bit . '' 
 `` oh , man . 
 daemon is going to kill you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 that helps , dee . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she lifted her hands . 
 `` but once he sees her , yeah , not good . '' 
 dawson leaned against the headboard , running his hands down his face . 
 dammit , it was n't good . 
 not by a long shot . 
 who cared about daemon killing him ? 
 bethany was glowing . 
 he 'd left his proverbial mark on her . 
 and that would draw an arum right to her doorstep . 
 ... staring at a blank stretch of canvas on sunday , bethany held a paintbrush in one hand and her other was busy feeling her lips-lips that had touched dawson 's . 
 gosh , he 'd kissed her as if he 'd been starving , leaving her dizzy and breathless . 
 he 'd left a little while ago , just before supper . 
 they had n't kissed again . 
 explaining that he wanted to wait until the trace faded before he attempted it , their time together had been disney channel-approved . 
 but they had cuddled a lot , and that had been just as good as kissing , in her book . 
 just being next to him , with his arms around her , made her heart race , her nerve endings firing left and right . 
 amazingly , the entire time she 'd been with him , she really had n't thought about what he was . 
 sure , now that he was gone , she could n't stop thinking about it . 
 dawson was an alien . 
 the whole town was populated with them , apparently . 
 it was all so ... out of this world . 
 bethany smirked . 
 she placed the brush back on the little table butted up against her dresser and stood . 
 moving to the window , she brushed the thick curtain aside . 
 dusk had turned the bare trees gray . 
 leaning her flushed forehead against the cool windowpane , she closed her eyes . 
 the room-everything-felt cold without him there . 
 it had to be the heat he threw off . 
 or it was just him and how he made her feel . 
 girly melodrama , but it was true . 
 pushing away from the window , she resisted the urge to text or call him . 
 but she was worried for him . 
 tonight he was telling daemon that she knew . 
 if he did n't , daemon would apparently see this trace around her tomorrow . 
 better to have his brother spaz out in the privacy of their home instead of in the middle of english class . 
 she seriously hoped daemon did n't kill dawson . 
 she 'd grown fond of the boy . 
 trying not to obsess over it , she forced herself out of the room , away from the phone . 
 downstairs , her mom was in the kitchen . 
 big surprise there . 
 dad sat at the table , looking over documents while phillip turned his mac 'n' cheese into finger food . 
 she steered clear of him and went into the living room . 
 her dad highlighted a portion of the document . 
 `` look who finally came out of her room to join the living . '' 
 bethany made a face . 
 `` ha . 
 ha . '' 
 at the stove , her mom turned around , a baking sheet full of cookies in hand . 
 `` honey , can you check on your uncle and see if he wants something to eat or drink ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she turned around and headed into the living room . 
 uncle will was sitting on the couch stiffly , looking exhausted . 
 the days leading up to his treatment were always the worst . 
 from what bethany gathered , the steroids given along with his medicine wore off fast . 
 `` i heard your mother , '' he said before she could utter a word . 
 his voice was weak and raspy . 
 `` if i 'm thirsty , i know where the fridge is . '' 
 bethany focused on the tv . 
 one of the godfather movies was on . 
 `` i can get you - '' `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he waved his hand . 
 it looked paper-thin and white . 
 `` sit down . 
 i never really get to talk to you . '' 
 chatting with her uncle was the last thing she wanted to do , and she felt terrible for that . 
 but she never knew what to say . 
 uncle will liked to pretend he was n't knocking on death 's door , and bethany sucked at making small talk . 
 avoiding his sickness was like ignoring a giant ape climbing the walls and throwing bananas . 
 she sat in the recliner , tucking her legs under her as she frantically searched for something to say . 
 luckily , uncle will started off the conversation . 
 `` so , how long have you been seeing that boy ? '' 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 okay , so maybe she was n't that lucky . 
 after dawson had left , her parents had interrogated her about him . 
 again . 
 `` we 're ... just friends . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 i have n't ... '' his words ended in a body-racking cough . 
 impossible as it seemed , he was even whiter . 
 when the episode ended , he closed his eyes and cleared his throat . 
 `` i have n't really seen him with any other girls . 
 his ... his family sticks together . '' 
 oh , boy , uncle will had no idea . 
 `` yeah , they seem really close . '' 
 `` good kids , i guess . 
 never really get in trouble . '' 
 he fiddled with the patchwork quilt draped over his legs . 
 their outline was thin . 
 `` ca n't tell them apart , though . 
 which one was here ? '' 
 it was funny to her-how no one could tell dawson and daemon apart . 
 `` it was dawson . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` ah , dawson ... good choice . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` do you know him ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not really , but he seems the friendlier of the two ... whenever i 've seen them in town . 
 have you been to his house ? 
 met his parents ? '' 
 her frown deepened as she stared at the screen . 
 of course , her uncle was pulling the protective role , but it made her uncomfortable to be questioned about dawson . 
 an immediate , almost irrational urge to protect him and their secret rushed to the surface . 
 `` they work a lot out of town , but i hear them on the phone sometimes . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 will picked up the remote , signaling the end of the conversation . 
 thank god . 
 blessed silence ensued , and when she could n't sit there any longer , she excused herself and went back upstairs . 
 and , of course , went straight to her phone . 
 she was n't the praying type , and praying that one brother did n't murder the other seemed wrong on a lot of levels , but she may have said a teeny prayer . 
 ... dawson felt like he was preparing to go in front of a firing squad . 
 and he kind of was . 
 he backed away from the farmhouse , shoving his hands into his pockets . 
 unbeknownst to bethany , he had n't really left yet . 
 just parked the car at his house and came back . 
 a light flipped on in bethany 's bedroom . 
 he wanted to wait to see if he caught a glimpse of her , but that turned him from just keeping an eye on her into a complete stalker . 
 bethany was safe in her house right now . 
 there were no arum lurking in the shadows and the glow was so faint that they may not even sense it . 
 so there was no reason for him to camp outside her house . 
 and he needed to go home and talk to daemon . 
 turning around , he moved deeper into the forest , and when he was sure no one could see his light , he switched into his true form and took off , dreading what was about to go down . 
 two minutes later , he was pulling up in his driveway , letting his light fade until he looked like any other human . 
 dragging his feet , he opened the front door . 
 the foyer was dark , and as he stopped , he frowned . 
 music thumped through the house . 
 the lyrics whoomp , there it is ! 
 blasted from the speakers . 
 he knew before he entered the living room that daemon was listening to one of those tv channels that played nothing but music . 
 sprawled across the couch , with his arms behind his head , daemon moved his bare feet in perfect sync with the song . 
 dawson 's brows arched up . '' 
 ` whoomp there it is ' ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he tilted his head toward dawson , grinning . 
 `` i like the song . '' 
 `` you have such questionable musical taste . '' 
 `` do n't hate . '' 
 he sat up in one fluid motion , dropping his feet onto the floor . 
 `` where have you been all day ? '' 
 `` where 's dee ? '' 
 he asked instead of answering the question . 
 daemon waved his hand , and the channels flipped rapidly . 
 `` in her bedroom . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the likelihood of daemon killing him with their sister home was slim . 
 good news . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 sighing , he sat on the arm of the chair . 
 `` i need to tell you something , but you have to promise me that you wo n't flip out . '' 
 daemon slowly turned his head to him , eyes narrowing . 
 the tv stopped on a golden oldies station . 
 `` chantilly lace '' started playing . 
 `` whenever anyone starts a conversation off like that , i 'm pretty sure i am going to flip out . '' 
 ah , good point . 
 `` it has to do with beth . '' 
 his brother 's face went blank . 
 `` i went to see her yesterday , at her house , '' he continued . 
 `` and something happened . '' 
 there was still no response from his brother . 
 a quiet daemon was a daemon about to explode . 
 `` i do n't know how it happened or why , but it did . 
 we were kissing ... and i lost hold on my human form . '' 
 daemon sucked in a sharp breath and started to stand but stopped . 
 `` jesus ... '' `` it left a faint trace on her . '' 
 and here comes the bad part . 
 `` and she knows the truth . '' 
 like a switch being thrown , daemon was up and in his face in a split second . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 dawson met his brother 's hard stare . 
 `` i do n't think i 'd joke about something like this . '' 
 `` and i did n't think you 'd be so damn careless , dawson ! '' 
 daemon flickered out and reappeared on the other side of the room , his spine rigid and shoulders tense . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 `` i did n't mean for it to happen . '' 
 dawson took total ownership for his mistake , but there was always something about daemon that made him feel like a kid standing before an angry parent . 
 `` lighting her up with a trace was the last thing i wanted to do , but it was n't like i could n't tell her afterward . 
 she completely understands that no one can know . 
 she wo n't say - '' `` and you believe her ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i do . '' 
 daemon 's eyes flared . 
 `` and just because you believe her , the rest of us are supposed to be okay with this ? '' 
 `` i know it 's a lot to ask , but bethany would never tell anyone . '' 
 daemon barked out a cold laugh . 
 `` god , you 're stupid , bro , really stupid . '' 
 a red-hot wave traveled up his spine . 
 `` i 'm not stupid . '' 
 `` i beg to differ , '' his brother growled . 
 dawson 's hands opened and closed at his sides . 
 `` i get that you 're disappointed with me marking bethany , and her knowing the truth is a gross atrocity to you , but it was n't like i meant to do this . '' 
 `` i know you did n't mean to , but that does n't change the fact that it did happen . '' 
 daemon leaned against the wall , tilting his chin up . 
 tension radiated from him , and dawson knew that he was trying to come up with a way to fix this . 
 that 's what daemon did . 
 he fixed things . 
 daemon made a low sound in the back of his throat . 
 `` so , you kissed her and this happened ? '' 
 `` yeah , awkward , i know . '' 
 one side of his lips twitched . 
 `` and the trace is faint ? '' 
 when dawson assured him , daemon lowered his chin . 
 `` okay . 
 you need to stay away from her . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` maybe you did n't understand the english i was just speaking . '' 
 daemon 's eyes flared with anger . 
 `` you need to stay away from her . '' 
 that was the smartest thing to do-what he should do . 
 leave bethany alone . 
 but a sour taste filled his mouth . 
 imagining himself never talking to her again or touching her made his skin feel like it was too tight . 
 `` what if i ca n't ? '' 
 he asked , looking away when daemon scowled . 
 his brother swore . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 it 's not hard . 
 you . 
 stay . 
 away . 
 from . 
 her . '' 
 as if it were that easy . 
 daemon did n't get it . 
 `` but she 's glowing right now . 
 nothing serious , but there 's an arum around , and she 's not safe . '' 
 `` you probably should have thought about that before you lite-brited her ass . '' 
 dawson swung toward his brother , eyes narrowing . 
 anger caused his body heat to rocket . 
 `` so ? 
 is that it ? 
 you just do n't care if she gets hurt ? '' 
 `` i care if you get hurt . '' 
 daemon took a step forward , hands balling into fists . 
 `` i care if dee get hurts . 
 this girl , as ignorant as this sounds , means nothing to me . '' 
 dawson looked his brother over , taking in the sharp eyes and features identical to his own . 
 funny how at times daemon appeared like a perfect stranger to him . 
 `` you sound just as bad as andrew . '' 
 `` whatever , man . '' 
 daemon stalked across the room , grabbing a throw pillow . 
 `` i 'm not human-hating here . 
 i 'm stating a fact . '' 
 he fluffed the pillow before tossing it against the back cushion . 
 `` obviously , you got a thing for her . 
 something more than what you 've felt before . '' 
 well , no doubt . 
 he 'd never lost his form around a human girl before . 
 and when he thought of beth , yeah , he 'd never felt this way . 
 `` and because of that , you need to stay away from her , '' daemon said , as if his word was law . 
 he stopped in front of dawson , folding his arms . 
 `` i 'll go to matthew and explain what 's happened . '' 
 dawson 's back straightened . 
 `` no . '' 
 daemon drew in a sharp breath . 
 `` matthew needs to know what you 've done . '' 
 `` if you go to matthew , he will go to the dod , and they will take bethany away . '' 
 when daemon opened his mouth , dawson stepped forward . 
 `` and do n't you dare say you do n't care . '' 
 `` you ask too much ! '' 
 daemon exploded . 
 `` i have to warn the others just in case your girlfriend decides to go national enquirer on us . '' 
 `` she wo n't . '' 
 dee 's quiet voice intruded from the top of the stairs . 
 the brothers turned to her . 
 `` if dawson believes that bethany will remain quiet , then i believe him . '' 
 `` you 're not helping here , '' daemon snapped . 
 she ignored him . 
 `` we still have to tell the others , dawson , because they have a right to be prepared . 
 they should know , especially when they see her trace , but daemon can convince matthew not to go to the dod or the elders . '' 
 `` this is n't daemon 's problem , '' he argued . 
 `` it 's mine . 
 i should be - '' `` if it involves you , it 's my problem . '' 
 impatience etched into daemon 's features . 
 shame rose inside dawson , like an ugly wisp of smoke . 
 `` i am not a child , dammit . 
 you are only older by a few minutes ! 
 that does n't give you - '' `` i know . '' 
 daemon rubbed his brow as if his head ached . 
 `` i do n't mean to treat you like a kid , but dammit , dawson , you know what you have to do here . '' 
 dee appeared between them , her hands on her h * ps as she twisted toward daemon . 
 `` you have to trust dawson on this . '' 
 the look on daemon 's face said he 'd rather stick his head in a meat grinder . 
 `` this is insane . '' 
 daemon stepped back , putting the heels of his hands on his forehead . 
 `` okay . 
 i get your ... need to make sure she is safe while she has the trace , and yeah , maybe she wo n't say crap , but afterward , you can not run the risk of something like this happening again . '' 
 `` i can control myself , '' dawson said . 
 `` oh , what the fuc - '' `` do n't ask me to give her up before i even really get to know her . '' 
 once the words left his mouth , his will was forged with cement and a bunker of nuclear bombs . 
 `` because you 're not going to like my response . '' 
 daemon blinked as if he were stunned . 
 and it struck dawson then , that even though he did his own thing most of the time , he never really stood up to his brother . 
 even dee looked surprised . 
 `` you ca n't mean that , '' daemon said , voice tight . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` oh , for the love of baby humans everywhere , you 're an idiot . '' 
 daemon shot across the room , going toe-to-toe with him . 
 `` so , you ` get to know her ' and you fall in love . '' 
 he spat the last word out as if he 'd swallowed nails . 
 `` then what ? 
 you 're going to try to stay with her ? 
 get married ? 
 have the little house with a white picket fence plus the two-point-five kids ? '' 
 god , he had n't thought that far ahead . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe not . '' 
 `` yeah , let me know how that works out with the dod . '' 
 there was a good chance that dawson was going to crack the banister . 
 `` it 's not impossible . 
 nothing is . '' 
 again , shock shot across daemon 's face , and then his expression hardened . 
 `` you risk being an outcast ! 
 worse yet , you risk your sister if this happens again . '' 
 `` daemon , '' dee protested , eyes glittering with unshed tears . 
 `` do n't put that on him . '' 
 anger turned daemon 's skin dark . 
 his eyes started to glow . 
 `` no . 
 he needs to understand what he 's done . 
 bethany could lead an arum right here . 
 and god knows what the dod will do if they find out she knows . 
 so tell me , is bethany worth that ? '' 
 dawson hated what he was about to say next , and man , it made him a selfish piece of crap , but it was the truth . 
 `` yes , she 's worth it . '' 
 chapter 13 when bethany entered english class on monday , she was one step away from full-on girl freak-out mode , especially when her eyes went straight to the desk behind her and latched onto dawson . 
 last night , he 'd called and told her he 'd explained everything to daemon . 
 though he 'd claimed everything went fine , the strain in his voice said otherwise . 
 taking her seat , she dropped her bag onto the floor and dared a look at him . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he nodded in return , his gaze moving all around her . 
 `` everything is going to be okay . '' 
 and that made her more nervous . 
 as it turned out , she had good reason . 
 when daemon stalked into the classroom , the look on his face promised all kinds of bad things . 
 bethany shrank back as her eyes met daemon 's . 
 it felt like being smacked by an icy wind . 
 dawson leaned forward , wrapping his fingers around her arm . 
 `` ignore him , '' he whispered . 
 `` he 's fine . '' 
 if `` fine '' were sporting a serial-killer glare , then she 'd hate to see what `` not fine '' was . 
 she dared another quick look over dawson 's shoulder . 
 daemon 's lips slipped into a one-sided smile that lacked humor or affection . 
 swallowing against the sudden tightening in her throat , she spoke lowly . 
 `` okay . 
 he 's scaring me . '' 
 dawson rubbed her arm . 
 `` all bark , no bite . '' 
 `` that 's your opinion , '' daemon replied . 
 bethany stiffened as her eyes widened . 
 the bell rang and she swung toward the front of the class . 
 oh , this was going to be a long period . 
 the back of her neck burned from the glare dawson could n't block . 
 she felt dawson 's fingers on her back , and she relaxed . 
 class discussion centered on the themes in pride and prejudice . 
 love was the main topic . 
 `` what can you learn about love from pride and prejudice ? '' 
 mr. patterson asked , sitting on the edge of the desk . 
 `` lesa ? '' 
 `` besides the fact courtships took forever back in the day ? '' 
 tossing thick curls off her shoulders , she shrugged . 
 `` i guess love is only possible if it 's not influenced by society . '' 
 `` but charlotte married for money , '' kimmy reasoned , as if that were something to be proud of . 
 `` yeah , but mr. collins was an idiot , '' lesa said . 
 `` a rich idiot , '' someone else said . 
 lesa rolled her eyes . 
 `` but that 's not love-marrying someone for money . '' 
 `` all good points , '' mr. patterson said , smiling . 
 `` do you think austen was being a realist or cynical in nature when it came to the theme of love ? '' 
 and then daemon 's deep , smooth voice said , `` i think she was pointing out that sometimes making decisions based on the heart is stupid . '' 
 bethany closed her eyes . 
 `` or she is showing that making decisions based on anything else ends badly , '' dawson replied , voice even . 
 `` that true love can conquer anything . '' 
 her heart sped up as she glanced over her shoulder , meeting dawson 's gaze . 
 he smiled , and she turned to mush . 
 `` true love ? '' 
 daemon scoffed . 
 `` the entire concept of true love is stupid . '' 
 the class erupted in a debate that went way off topic , but bethany and dawson were still staring at each other . 
 true love ? 
 was that what this was ? 
 before meeting dawson , she would 've been on board with daemon 's thinking . 
 now she believed in the gooey stuff . 
 dawson 's eyes deepened , turning a mosaic of greens . 
 oh , yeah , bring on the gooey stuff . 
 when class ended , dawson waited for her to gather up her stuff and then offered his hand . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 aware of all the eyes on them , she nodded . 
 daemon stomped past them , bumping into his brother 's shoulder . 
 `` you make my head hurt , '' he said , scowling . 
 `` and you make me all warm and fuzzy inside , '' dawson replied , threading his fingers through hers . 
 his twin glanced at beth . 
 `` be very careful , little girl . '' 
 and then he was out the door . 
 beth 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 `` believe it or not , that 's a toned-down version of daemon . '' 
 he led her through the door . 
 out in the hallway , he squeezed her hand as he whispered . 
 `` we have to tell the rest ... the rest of us who live outside the , well , you know . '' 
 fear tripped up her heart . 
 `` are they going to be okay with it ? '' 
 `` daemon will make sure they are . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she asked , shaking her head . 
 `` he did n't look very supportive . '' 
 he reassured her , but she was n't buying it . 
 as they neared the stairwell , one of the blond twins came out of the double doors and looked at them . 
 evil alien twin or good twin ? 
 his golden-colored skin paled , and as he continued staring at them , he tripped over his own feet . 
 `` did he , uh , see my trace ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 dawson nodded . 
 `` you may get some ... odd looks throughout the day . 
 just pretend like you have no clue why . '' 
 get some odd looks ? 
 dawson had n't been kidding . 
 a teacher in the hall during class change gaped at her . 
 one of the administrative support ladies gasped . 
 and during gym , the coach looked like he was a second away from a stroke . 
 she was surrounded by aliens . 
 or she was becoming paranoid , because when carissa waved at her with the paddle , she was half afraid the girl was going to chuck it at her head . 
 a ping-pong ball whizzed past her . 
 kimmy turned around . 
 `` i 'm not getting it . '' 
 `` of course not , '' bethany muttered . 
 while rooting around for her mia ball , she heard the sounds of hushed whispering . 
 looking up , she squinted through the tiny cracks in the bleachers . 
 she made out two forms-dawson and the a ** hole andrew . 
 `` what the hell are you thinking ? '' 
 andrew demanded , leaning into dawson 's face . 
 `` it 's none of your business . '' 
 andrew laughed harshly . 
 `` oh , yeah , are you really going to go there ? 
 explain to me how this does n't have something to do with me or the rest of us . '' 
 `` i do n't owe you an explanation . '' 
 andrew looked dumbfounded . 
 `` you need to stay away from that human . 
 she 's not good for you , for any of us . '' 
 resisting the urge to bum-rush andrew and defend herself , she backed away from the bleachers . 
 wait . 
 screw this . 
 obviously all the little luxen running around knew about her . 
 she was n't going to let dawson deal with this by himself . 
 a ping-pong ball smacked off the back of her head before she took another step forward . 
 whipping around , she rubbed her skull . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 kimmy cocked her head to the side . 
 `` i 've been calling your name for the last two minutes . 
 god . 
 did you zone out or are you just that much of an idiot ? '' 
 a red-hot feeling slipped through her veins , a combination of the overheard conversation and kimmy 's pure bitchiness . 
 she picked up the ball and launched it back . 
 the little round piece of plastic was like a heat-seeking tomahawk , finding kimmy 's cheek . 
 a very satisfying thud later , bethany stalked past a twitching kimmy . 
 `` i ca n't believe you threw that at my - '' `` my paddle is next , '' bethany warned , flipping the paddle in her hand . 
 carissa giggled from her partnerless table . 
 `` that was hilarious . '' 
 kimmy turned on the girl , about to pull a linda blair , no doubt . 
 `` are you laughing at me ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 carissa pushed up her glasses . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` oh , you just - '' coach anderson decided to interrupt then . 
 `` all right , ladies , eyes on the table-on the game . '' 
 beth squeezed the paddle and took a deep breath . 
 coach must 've realized then that carissa was all alone and headed toward her just as dawson and andrew reappeared , looking like they were two seconds from throwing down in the middle of the gym . 
 `` unless there 's a table behind those bleachers , i 'm curious as to what you two were doing back there , '' coach said . 
 `` get back to your assigned tables now . '' 
 kimmy smirked . 
 dawson went to his side of the table , picking up his paddle . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asked carissa . 
 she nodded , reaching for the ball , but andrew 's hand swiped across the table , snatching it up . 
 `` here , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` let me give it to you . '' 
 bethany had a real bad feeling about this . 
 a slow , cold smile crept across dawson 's face , and she suddenly saw his twin in that expression . 
 it was eerie . 
 `` yeah , you do that . '' 
 andrew cocked back his arm so fast , it was a blur to beth . 
 he let loose and that little ball had to have broken the sound barrier . 
 good god , it zinged across the table like a bullet . 
 without taking his eyes off the blond , dawson snapped up his hand and caught the ball . 
 there was a loud thud that made bethany wince , but he did n't flinch . 
 `` thanks , buddy . '' 
 `` christ on a crutch , '' carissa murmured . 
 dawson grinned as he raised his arms and folded his hands behind his back . 
 the shirt he wore rode up , exposing a flash of taut stomach muscles . 
 wow . 
 no doubt he had a six-pack in kindergarten . 
 he seemed oblivious to the fact that all three girls were staring at him . 
 to say the rest of the class was awkward was a massive understatement . 
 after changing , she punched open the door and saw dawson waiting for her . 
 his brows knitted . 
 `` you doing okay over there ? '' 
 `` i think i should be asking you that question . '' 
 he took her hand , pulling her to him . 
 bethany pressed her cheek against his chest . 
 `` it has n't been bad . 
 i 've gotten to see you . '' 
 she smiled and lifted her chin . 
 their gazes locked . 
 heat flooded through her . 
 `` you always say the right things . 
 a really good skill to have . '' 
 his nose brushed along hers . 
 `` only with you . '' 
 a knot formed in her throat at the same moment a whole truckload of butterflies took flight in her stomach . 
 `` see . 
 there you go again . '' 
 `` hmm , '' he murmured , wrapping his arm around her waist . 
 never before had she been big on pda in the halls . 
 usually she rolled her eyes and made some kind of internal snarky comment whenever she saw it , but she was discovering that she liked being that girl with dawson . 
 `` can i come over after school ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd want to . '' 
 `` i 'll stop by after supper , okay ? '' 
 he kissed her cheek and pulled back . 
 taking her hand , he walked her out to the parking lot . 
 at her car , he lifted her hand and pressed his lips against her palm . 
 `` i have a feeling there 's going to be a meeting of the minds when i get home , so i might be a little late . '' 
 she winced . 
 `` i wish i could be there with you . 
 it 's not right that you have to defend yourself and me all alone . '' 
 tenderness filled his brilliant green gaze . 
 `` i 've got it covered . '' 
 `` but - '' dawson kissed her palm again , and the sweet gesture simply floored her . 
 `` do n't worry about them . 
 i do n't want you to worry at all . '' 
 he let go of her hand and started backing up . 
 `` i 'll be over as soon as i can . '' 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 chapter 14 intervention round two went as expected . 
 in other words , it consisted of everyone taking turns bitching him out and sometimes more than one at a time . 
 dee and adam were the only ones who did n't take part . 
 sitting side by side on the couch , they had identical somber expressions . 
 matthew wanted to go to the dod , like they were supposed to in cases of exposure , but daemon and dawson managed to convince him that the risk was n't high . 
 after an hour of straight arguing , he relented reluctantly . 
 `` this is so risky , '' matthew said , pacing the living room . 
 `` if she tells a single - '' `` she wo n't tell anyone . 
 i swear to you . '' 
 ash shook her head . 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 `` look . 
 this is a done deal , '' daemon said , cutting her off . 
 `` we 're not going to the dod or to the elders . 
 it 's over . '' 
 `` this is n't moveon.org , daemon , '' she snapped back . 
 `` this affects all of us . 
 and with her glowing - '' `` i will protect her . 
 i will also make sure no arum gets close enough to even see her . '' 
 dawson crossed his arms . 
 ash gaped . 
 `` this is going to blow up in your face-in all of our faces . 
 there 's a reason why humans do n't know about us . 
 they are fickle and insane ! '' 
 even dee 's eyebrows rose on that . 
 ash was pretty damn nuts when she wanted to be . 
 then ash twisted toward daemon , her cheeks flushed . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're allowing him to do this . 
 next thing we know , you 'll be dating a human . '' 
 daemon busted out laughing . 
 `` yeah , not going to happen . '' 
 the bitchfest went on for another hour before the thompsons left . 
 on the way out , adam pulled dawson aside while his siblings stewed in the car . 
 `` look , i do n't care if you 're in love with the girl - '' `` i 'm not - '' `` do n't even say you 're not in love , '' adam said , glancing at the empty house next door . 
 `` i do n't care if you do or do n't . 
 it 's really not the point , but you have got to be careful . '' 
 dawson folded his arms . 
 `` i am being careful . '' 
 `` dude , this is n't careful . 
 everyone is pissed . 
 this is going to affect bethany . '' 
 he took a breath . 
 `` i 'll try talking some sense into those two , but your problems are n't just the arum or the dod , if you get my drift . '' 
 aw man , the kind of rage that shot up his spine was enough to rain down some wrath . 
 `` if they do anything , i will - '' `` i know , but you have to expect this . 
 even with daemon and matthew backing your ... lifestyle , it 's not going to be easy . '' 
 now he was starting to lose his patience . 
 his `` lifestyle '' was him wanting to be with the person he cared about . 
 as if that was a bad choice or something . 
 `` adam - '' `` you 're my friend . '' 
 adam clamped his hand on dawson 's shoulder , meeting his eyes . 
 `` i got your back , but you need to be real sure about the road you 're traveling down . '' 
 dawson exhaled roughly . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know-shit . 
 i do n't know what you want me to say . '' 
 mainly because he did n't even know how to begin to put what he felt for bethany into words . 
 maybe adam had a point . 
 maybe it was the big l . 
 a keen sense of understanding marred with sadness crept across adam 's face . 
 `` look , what kind of future do you have with her ? 
 is she worth pissing off and alienating everyone ? '' 
 `` i think the answer to that is pretty obvious . '' 
 `` true , '' he said , dropping his hand . 
 `` but this is huge . 
 know of any luxen and human that have made it work ? 
 lived to talk about it ? '' 
 yeah , now entering downersville , population one . 
 adam gave a little smile . 
 `` i do n't envy you , because i really do n't think we can help how we feel . 
 god knows i 'm well familiar with that . '' 
 he winced , and dawson wondered if he were talking about dee . 
 `` i just worry , because i do n't think dee and daemon could deal if something bad happened . 
 and i do n't think you could if something happened to bethany . '' 
 dawson watched his friend leave . 
 adam had given him a lot of food for thought . 
 bad , cheap , leftover yuck food for thought . 
 but mostly , he was consumed by how he felt for bethany . 
 because he was risking everything and everyone , and that was selfish . 
 god , there was only one thing that could cause anyone to be that self-centered . 
 ... it did n't take bethany long to realize that there were n't many team dawson-and-bethany fans . 
 over the next couple of days , daemon spent the bulk of english class glaring at his brother and ignoring her , even when she tried to be civil . 
 it also became easy for her to tell andrew and adam apart . 
 the nice one was distant whenever they crossed paths or when he chatted with dawson , but he smiled at her . 
 the other , evil alien twin scared the living bejeebus out of her . 
 daemon 's glares had nothing on andrew 's . 
 he was someone she did n't want to cross paths with alone . 
 luckily , dawson stuck close to her side and by friday , good news . 
 her trace had faded . 
 six days was all it took . 
 she and dawson spent the weekend together , holed up in her bedroom . 
 door kept open , of course . 
 mom popped her head in , but each time , she brought cookies . 
 there was a good chance that dawson was falling in love with her mom . 
 the boy could eat . 
 he explained once , after his third big mac , that it had to do with their metabolism and the amount of energy they used . 
 trying not to be jealous , bethany had poked at her cheeseburger , which she knew would go straight to her butt . 
 the boy could also cuddle . 
 when they felt relatively sure that her mom would n't bust up in her bedroom or the living room , dawson would hold her close , as if he needed to be touching some part of her . 
 at times , his whole body vibrated . 
 she did n't get to see him in his true form again , because of the trace it would leave behind , but with each passing day , dawson loosened up around her . 
 his new favorite pastime seemed to be popping out and appearing right in front of her , giving her a minor stroke each time he did it . 
 he also moved a lot of things without touching them . 
 these little actions did n't throw off a lot of energy , but they were really neat to see . 
 things were going well . 
 and then she met ash , formally , on monday . 
 she 'd seen the blonde in the halls every once in a while . 
 hell , it was n't like you could miss her . 
 like dee , she was gorgeous , almost too beautiful to be walking the halls of high school . 
 ash seemed better fit for the catwalks of milan . 
 bethany was heading out of chem class , surprised when the lithe blonde spun around , bright sapphire eyes locking on hers . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 she nodded as she sidestepped a group of students . 
 ash 's gaze slipped from hers , drifting over her plain cardigan and worn jeans . 
 ash 's finely groomed brows knitted as if she were looking for something bethany clearly did n't have . 
 `` i must admit . 
 i am a bit confused . '' 
 so was bethany . 
 `` care to explain ? '' 
 ash 's blue eyes snapped to hers . 
 `` i 'm not sure what dawson sees in you . '' 
 whoa . 
 way to be blunt . 
 bethany had to force her jaw closed . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 ash smiled tightly and waited until another group of kids shuffled past them . 
 `` i do n't get what he sees in you , but i think you heard and understood me the first time around . '' 
 then her voice lowered . 
 `` he can do better . 
 and he will . 
 eventually he 'll grow tired of the greener grass and move on . '' 
 bethany was almost too stunned to respond . 
 `` sorry you feel that way , but - '' `` what do you have to offer him other than risks ? '' 
 ash stepped closer , and bethany had to fight the urge to back up . 
 `` you guys are n't going to last . 
 one way or another . 
 so why do n't you do both yourself and dawson a favor , and leave him alone . '' 
 bethany felt like a shaken soda can about to be popped open . 
 yeah , she knew she did n't hold a candle to a girl like ash , but geez , she was n't yesterday 's leftover fast food , either . 
 but before she could let loose a doozy of an eff off , the taller girl pivoted gracefully and stalked away , moving among the other students effortlessly . 
 bethany stood there , mouth agape . 
 that did not happen . 
 she got the whole unhappy about her knowing their truth part , but that seemed personal . 
 was she an ex-girlfriend of dawson 's ? 
 god , would n't that be her luck ? 
 she was competing against the memory of an alien victoria 's secret model . 
 dawson was at the far end of the corridor . 
 he turned , as if sensing her . 
 `` hey ... '' the smile faded from his handsome face . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 she stopped beside him , glancing around . 
 `` so i just had a tiny chitchat with ash . '' 
 and there went the rest of the smile . 
 `` oh , god , what did she say ? '' 
 `` did you guys date or something ? '' 
 the minute those words left her mouth , she regretted them . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , hell no . '' 
 bethany folded her arms . 
 `` really ? '' 
 to her surprise , he laughed and cupped her elbow , guiding her toward the dirtied window overlooking the back parking lot . 
 `` she and my brother are dating-well , not right now , but on and off for as long as i can remember . '' 
 annoyed by the fact that she was relieved to hear it , she frowned . 
 `` what ? 
 since they were ten or something ? '' 
 dawson shrugged . 
 `` what did she say to you ? '' 
 bethany gave him the quick and dirty version . 
 by the time she finished , dawson looked like he wanted to punch something . 
 `` do they really see me as that big of a threat ? '' 
 she asked . 
 his jaw ticked . 
 `` yeah , they do . '' 
 he kept his voice low . 
 `` see , they do n't know you . 
 and they do n't know any humans outside the dod who are aware of them . 
 this is new for them , but inexcusable . '' 
 part of her was glad he was so pissed , but she did n't want to come between them any more than she already had . 
 forcing a smile , she stretched up on the tips of her toes and kissed the corner of his lip . 
 a shudder rolled through his entire body . 
 bethany grinned , loving the effect she had on him . 
 sure , he was an alien with pretty much unlimited power , but she made him tremble . 
 score one for the pitiful human ! 
 `` you know , i have an idea , '' she said . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 he snaked an arm around her waist as his head dipped , running his jaw up the side of her neck . 
 for a moment she totally forgot what she was saying . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she flushed , pulling back . 
 students were practically gawking at them . 
 `` i was thinking maybe things would be easier if we did n't act like it was a big deal . 
 if we did n't try to ... stay away from them . 
 maybe if they got to know me ... '' bethany trailed off because he was staring at her like she 'd just kicked a baby into the street . 
 `` okay . 
 never mind . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he blinked and then grinned . 
 `` it 's a great idea . 
 i should 've come up with that . '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` yay me . '' 
 he dropped his arm over her shoulder . 
 `` well , let 's get this over with , then . '' 
 wait-what ? 
 she slowed her footsteps . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` how about we make an appearance at lunch ? 
 most of them share your period . '' 
 the great idea sounded good in theory , but now that they were putting it to the test , she sort of wished she 'd kept her mouth shut . 
 but she pulled her big-girl panties on and prepared for probably one of the most awkward lunch periods of her life . 
 phs 's cafeteria was like every high school cafeteria . 
 white square tables crammed into a room that smelled like pine-sol and burned food . 
 the loud hum of conversation was actually kind of comforting to her . 
 normal . 
 the line for food moved quickly . 
 dawson stacked his plate with what may 've been meatloaf , and she 'd grabbed a bottle of water . 
 she always packed her lunch-peanut butter and jelly . 
 her day would n't be complete without it . 
 bethany did n't need to know where his friends sat . 
 she felt their stares and wondered if that was a super-alien power-drilling holes through bodies with just the power of their eyes . 
 beside her , dawson was a picture of ease . 
 the easy half grin was plastered across his striking face , and he seemed oblivious to the stares he was getting as they headed down the middle of the cafeteria . 
 dee and daemon were at the table , sitting beside who she suspected was andrew by the open-mouthed stare he was giving them . 
 she assumed the rest of the students sitting at the table were human , because dawson had said that most of the luxen were younger or older . 
 `` hey , guys , mind if we join you today ? '' 
 dawson sat across from his brother before anyone could answer , tugging bethany into the seat beside dee . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 bethany put her paper bag on the table , holding her breath . 
 `` bold move , '' daemon murmured , lips twisted into a smirk . 
 dawson shrugged . 
 `` nah , we just missed you guys . '' 
 daemon picked up a fork , and bethany seriously hoped it was n't going to turn into a weapon . 
 `` i 'm sure you did . '' 
 his familiar-yet-foreign green eyes slid to her . 
 `` how are you doing , bethany ? '' 
 `` i 'm doing well . '' 
 she pulled out her sandwich , hating the fact that she could feel her cheeks blazing . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` great . '' 
 he stabbed the meatloaf . 
 `` do n't see you in here often . 
 are you skipping along with my responsible brother ? '' 
 `` i usually eat in the art room . '' 
 she paused , pulling her sandwich into chunks . 
 an odd habit of hers that dawson made fun of . 
 `` in the art room ? '' 
 dee questioned . 
 she nodded , lifting her gaze . 
 there was n't an outright look of scorn or anything on the beautiful girl 's face . 
 mostly curiosity . 
 `` i paint . 
 so i 'll eat in there and work on projects . '' 
 `` she 's really good , '' dawson threw in . 
 his lunch was half devoured . 
 `` my girl has skills . '' 
 andrew leaned forward and said in a low voice , `` your girl is going to turn into one huge , mother - '' `` finish that sentence and i will stab you in the eye with the spork bethany 's about to pull out of her bag for her apple sauce . '' 
 he smiled gamely . 
 `` and she 'd be very upset if i got her spork all messed up . 
 she 's rather fond of the thing . '' 
 yeah , she would be upset over that ... for many reasons . 
 andrew sat back , his jaw tightening . 
 on the other side , daemon did the strangest thing . 
 he laughed-really loudly . 
 it was a nice sound , deeper than dawson 's . 
 `` a spork , '' dee said , grabbing her bag . 
 `` what is a spork ? '' 
 bethany 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` you 've never seen one ? '' 
 `` dee does n't get out much , '' dawson replied , grinning . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 dee pulled out the fork and spoon in one and smiled . 
 `` i 've never seen one of these ! 
 ha . 
 this is so handy . '' 
 she looked over at daemon , eyes dancing . 
 `` we could get rid of over half of our silverware and get like ten of these and we 'd be set for life . '' 
 daemon shook his head , but the look on his face was one of utter fondness . 
 and bethany got it then . 
 that no matter how much the three of them were pissed off with one another , there was a deep , loving bond among them . 
 seeing that caused her to relax . 
 as much as daemon was upset with dawson or dee was worried , they would always stick together . 
 it made her want to run home , hug phillip , and be a better sister . 
 lunch was n't that bad afterward . 
 the only downside was andrew , but he left after a while , and she was so grateful that ash was a no-show . 
 they left with a few minutes before class to spare . 
 outside of the cafeteria , bethany grinned up at dawson , motivated by the experience . 
 `` that was n't too bad , was it ? '' 
 the smile he wore warmed her . 
 `` yeah , it was okay . 
 i think we should do it again . '' 
 she laughed , and then he reached over and took her hand . 
 he pulled her into an empty classroom full of computers . 
 without saying a word , he slipped the strap of her bag off her shoulder and placed it on the floor . 
 bethany shivered , unsure if it was because of the frigid air circulating or the determined look on his face . 
 she took a step back , wetting her lower lip nervously . 
 his green eyes flared . 
 `` what ... are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you again . '' 
 anticipation rose quickly , leaving her dizzy . 
 `` uh , do you think this is a great place to test that out again ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i ca n't wait any longer . '' 
 he looked determined as he took a step toward her . 
 so determined that she inched back and kept going until she was against the wall . 
 reaching out slowly with both hands , he cupped her cheeks and tilted her chin up . 
 on their own accord , her lashes fluttered closed . 
 like the first time they 'd kissed , his lips were soft as a breath . 
 there was a pause , as if he were waiting for something to happen , and then he kissed her more deeply . 
 oh ... oh , god , she melted into that kiss , into him , and her chest expanded , filled with air until she felt like she 'd float right up to the ceiling . 
 sliding her arms around his neck , her fingers got tangled in the soft waves at the nape of his neck . 
 his hands , well , they were on the move , too , slipping down her waist , over her hip to her thigh . 
 dawson made a sound in the back of his throat , a growl-like noise that sent her blood pressure into heart-attack territory . 
 and there was this heat blowing off , strong enough to melt ice cream . 
 it left her in a heady , pleasant fog as his hand moved back to gripping her hip . 
 dawson pulled back slightly and his lips spread into a lazy grin against hers . 
 `` that ... that was good . 
 great . 
 perfect . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she admitted , breathless . 
 `` all of those things and more . '' 
 his thumbs moved over her cheeks , his hands strong yet tender as he held her right there , dipping his head to hers again . 
 he kissed her deeply , holding her against him . 
 when they broke apart the second time , his eyes were luminous and full of an emotion that sent her heart thundering against her ribs . 
 because she was sure she saw in his eyes what she felt . 
 love . 
 chapter 15 after school on tuesday , dawson headed home instead of going straight to bethany 's house , where he wanted to be . 
 bethany had promised to get the groceries after dinner as a part of her chores that week , so she 'd be pretty busy that evening . 
 it was that time of the month . 
 once a month , he had to check in with the dod . 
 every luxen was required , even more so since he lived outside the colony . 
 and it could be worse . 
 being summoned by the elders usually consisted of one , if not both , of the brothers getting their rears chewed out for some reason or another , made to feel guilty for `` being like a human , '' and getting pestered about when they 'd mate . 
 in other words , would daemon marry ash at eighteen and would dawson find another female luxen of the same age ? 
 the dod would just ask the same old questions . 
 yeah , fun would be had by all . 
 he so did n't need to do this right now . 
 a black ford expedition was already parked in front of his house when he pulled into the driveway . 
 counting the ways this was going to suck , he climbed out of his jetta and headed inside . 
 the suits-two of them-were in the living room , sitting on the couch . 
 both were middle-age males and bore the same empty expression . 
 their postures were stiff , though , probably because daemon leaned against the wall , glaring at them as if he wished to do something terrible to their bodies . 
 dawson recognized one of them-he 'd been coming to them since they 'd moved to west virginia , but the other was new . 
 dee looked up from where she was perched on the edge of her chair . 
 relief flickered in her shining eyes . 
 usually that meant things were not going well between daemon and the dod , and dawson would play peacemaker . 
 crossing his arms , dawson said , `` well , this looks like a happy meeting of the minds . '' 
 daemon 's pointed gaze slid toward him . 
 `` sounds about right . '' 
 officer lane cleared his throat . 
 `` how have you been , dawson ? '' 
 a wave of revulsion and distrust accompanied his greeting . 
 lane pretended-barely-to like the luxen . 
 all of them knew better . 
 `` good , '' dawson said . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` officer vaughn and i are doing great . '' 
 lane clapped his hands together , while the other left his hanging by his hips , near the gun dawson knew they carried . 
 funny . 
 like a bullet would be faster than them . 
 `` we 've been talking to daemon here , and he 's been ... very helpful . '' 
 dawson almost laughed . 
 not likely , and if daemon 's stance was anything to go by , whatever questions he 'd been asked did n't sit well with him . 
 unease trickled through dawson 's veins . 
 had they found out about bethany and her faint trace ? 
 that could n't be the case . 
 the dod did n't know it could be left on humans , and no one , not even andrew , would relay that kind of information . 
 vaughn glanced at his partner before he spoke . 
 `` there has been some unusual activity over the last month or so-an increase in em fields in this area . 
 your brother appears to have no knowledge of how this could be happening . '' 
 since the government thought arum were just psycho luxen , it was n't like they could tell them they 'd been hunting or fighting . 
 if the dod ever discovered that the arum hunted the luxen for their abilities , then it was game over . 
 back to new mexico , back to living in underground housing , treated like freaks and lab rats . 
 dawson shrugged . 
 `` well , we 've been doing a lot of running in our true forms . 
 maybe that 's it ? '' 
 vaughn 's lips twisted . 
 `` as far as our records indicate , being in your alien form would not cause such a disruption . '' 
 the man said alien as if he 'd swallowed something nasty . 
 `` we find that hard to believe , after looking over the last six months of field reports from around here . '' 
 the dod needed a hobby , something other than monitoring them . 
 dee crossed her legs . 
 `` officers , my brothers do like their physical activity . 
 sometimes they get a little out of hand . 
 see , they like to play a luxen form of football . '' 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 lane smiled , because everyone smiled at dee . 
 she grinned . 
 `` imagine the football being more of a ball of pure energy . 
 they like to toss that at each other . 
 maybe that 's what 's registering . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 lane shook his head , eyes widening . 
 `` that would be interesting to see . '' 
 `` you 're always welcome to join in , '' daemon said with a smirk . 
 `` although i doubt you 'd enjoy it . '' 
 vaughn 's face flushed . 
 `` you have a smart mouth , daemon . '' 
 `` better than a dumb one , '' dawson replied . 
 `` at least , that 's what i like to say . '' 
 daemon chuckled softly . 
 `` well , boys , this has been fun , but if there is n't anything else , you know where the door is . '' 
 used to daemon , officer lane stood , but vaughn remained seated and said , `` why has your ... family chosen to stay outside the colony ? '' 
 `` we enjoy taking part in the human world , '' dee said cheerfully , quick to answer . 
 god only knew how daemon would 've responded . 
 `` you know , being contributing members of society and whatnot . 
 it 's the same reason why any luxen chooses to branch out . '' 
 dawson had trouble keeping his expression straight . 
 for real . 
 the truth was that living in the colony was no better than living in one of the dod 's facilities they used to `` prepare '' the luxen for assimilation . 
 if not worse , even . 
 vaughn looked doubtful , but officer lane managed to get him up and toward the door . 
 before they left , though , they reminded the three of them they needed to check in by the end of april for mandatory registration . 
 the dod kept count religiously of how many lived inside and out of the colony . 
 dee slumped in her chair as dawson closed the door . 
 `` i hate when they come by , '' she said , scrunching up her face . 
 `` they act as if we 've done something wrong . '' 
 `` that new one really is a fan favorite , is n't he ? '' 
 dawson sat on the arm of his sister 's chair . 
 `` god , what a dick . '' 
 `` he has n't been the worst , '' daemon said . 
 and god , was n't that the truth . 
 at least vaughn tried to hide his animosity . 
 `` good save , dee . 
 football ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` almost makes me want to try that out . '' 
 dawson winced . 
 `` yeah , you talk andrew into doing that with you . 
 i pass . '' 
 `` do you think they 'll ever find out about the arum ? '' 
 dee sat up , dropping her elbows on her knees . 
 `` realize that we are n't the same ? '' 
 fear roughened her voice . 
 dawson leaned down , wrapping his arm around his sister 's slender shoulders , and winked . 
 `` nah , they 're not as bright as we are . '' 
 `` it 's not ignorance , '' daemon said , eyes trained on the window . 
 `` they 're too prideful to consider they do n't know everything there is to know about us . 
 as long as humans believe they 're the most intelligent and strongest life-form on this planet , the better it is for us . '' 
 ... bethany wanted to kick herself for agreeing to do the groceries as a part of her chores . 
 washing dishes by hand would 've been better than searching down every last item on mom 's list , especially the ones she could n't even pronounce from the organic section . 
 pushing the overloaded cart to the mile-long checkout lanes , she wondered how dawson 's meeting went . 
 a trickle of unease slithered through her veins . 
 she hated the idea of the dod checking in on them like that , the intrusive questions they had to be answering and the unfairness of how they were monitored . 
 to her , the luxen were n't any different . 
 and she seriously doubted most humans would be afraid of them . 
 the luxen were just like them . 
 once done with checking out and bugging out at how much the food cost , she wheeled her load to the parking lot . 
 when she 'd first arrived , the lot had been crowded , so she 'd gotten stuck in the nosebleed section at the back . 
 heavy , thick trees crowded over the parking lot , and she kept waiting for a deer to dart out and tackle her as she loaded the groceries . 
 `` bethany . '' 
 she whipped around , and her heart tumbled unsteadily . 
 one of the thompson twins stood behind her , so close she caught the scent of his citrus aftershave . 
 taking a step back , she knocked into the bumper . 
 `` i. . . 
 i did n't know you were there . '' 
 the twin 's expression was blank as he cocked his head . 
 `` we can be very quiet when we want . '' 
 no shit . 
 reaching behind her , she pulled the trunk down , still unsure which one stood before her . 
 usually , she knew by the way they acted . 
 but now ... she had no idea . 
 `` are you shopping ? '' 
 she asked , clenching her car keys . 
 the sky was already darkening and so close to the woods , very little light got through . 
 she felt cut off . 
 `` ah , i 'm not really shopping . '' 
 her eyes darted around the parking lot . 
 `` i really - '' one second he was there , and then he was right in her face , towering over her . 
 in an instant , she knew which one stood before her . 
 andrew smiled coldly . 
 `` but i do have a list . 
 and you 're on it . '' 
 no joke , her heart was pounding . 
 fear coated her mouth , forming a knot in her throat , making it hard for her to breathe . 
 but she refused to shrink away , to run or scream . 
 inherently , she knew that 's what he wanted . 
 to scare her . 
 his smile tipped higher . 
 `` you know , my sister and i ca n't understand what dawson sees in you . 
 you 're just a silly little human . '' 
 his arm shot out so fast it was a blur , picked up a strand of her hair . 
 `` and you 're really not even that pretty . '' 
 oh ... oh , that stung more than it should have . 
 tears burned her eyes as she fought to keep her voice level . 
 `` i guess it 's a good thing , then . 
 a relationship between us would never work . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` because i 'm allergic to a ** holes . '' 
 andrew did a cough/laugh as he looked to the side . 
 `` you think you 're funny . 
 want to know what 's funny ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not really . '' 
 she started to turn , but his hands slammed into the trunk . 
 metal crunched and gave . 
 she was trapped . 
 `` it 's funny that you think anything is going to work or last with you and dawson . '' 
 he laughed again , the sound cold and grating . 
 `` so what ? 
 you know our secret . 
 congrats . 
 here 's a cookie . 
 but you know what ? 
 all it takes is one anonymous call into the dod and then bye-bye beth . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` you would n't ... ? '' 
 he pushed off the car and stepped back . 
 `` yeah , even i 'm not that much of an ass . 
 dawson pisses me off , but i 'd never do that to him . 
 but if we know , then the rest will know eventually , bethany . 
 and they barely have any bonds with us . '' 
 he rocked back on his heels . 
 `` you guys keep this up , one or both of you is going to end up hurt . '' 
 in a blink of an eye , he was gone . 
 bethany slowly turned around , seeing the empty parking lot . 
 in a daze , she climbed into the car . 
 her cell phone went off , the screen flashing dawson 's name . 
 `` hey , '' she croaked . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 her immediate instinct was to tell him what had happened , but god knew he 'd flip out . 
 so she forced herself to pretend she was calm . 
 `` how was the meeting ? '' 
 as dawson gave her a brief rundown , she drove home , her hands shaking the entire way . 
 ... it was close to eight when dawson got off the phone with bethany . 
 he roamed his bedroom , restless . 
 something had been off about her . 
 he 'd asked to the point of annoyance if she was okay . 
 each time she said yes , but he sensed something . 
 half an hour later , his phone rang . 
 hoping it was bethany , he snatched it off his bed , but frowned when he looked at the caller id . 
 `` adam ? '' 
 `` hey , got a sec ? '' 
 he sat . 
 `` sure . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` man , i hate to tell you this , but andrew came home earlier , and i heard him talking to ash . '' 
 unease built inside dawson . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` apparently , he ran into your girl . 
 i think he may have said some crap to her , '' adam said , sighing . 
 `` i just thought i 'd let you know . '' 
 dawson was on his feet without realizing , struggling not to slip into his true form and fry his phone . 
 again . 
 so angry he could barely speak , he thanked adam for the heads up and dialed beth . 
 it took a few tries to get her to ` fess up , and when he did , he saw red . 
 andrew had basically threatened her . 
 dawson reassured bethany everything was cool , but when he hung up the phone , he did n't even bother grabbing his car keys . 
 he was about to go apeshit . 
 flipping into his true form , he went out the front door and to the woods , taking the back way to the thompsons ' house . 
 they lived on the other side of petersburg , which was a whopping dozen or so miles that took him about thirty seconds to cross . 
 he stopped at the paved driveway , an unheard-of luxury for homes this far off the beaten track . 
 dawson had always hated the thompson house . 
 it was out in the middle of nowhere , as big as a goddamned mansion , and had the warmth of a mausoleum . 
 adam answered the door , cringing when he saw dawson 's harsh expression . 
 `` uh , this is n't going to be a happy visit , is it ? '' 
 `` are your nosy , pain-in-my-ass siblings still home ? '' 
 adam nodded and stepped aside . 
 `` they 're in the movie room . '' 
 knowing the way , he slid past adam and stalked through the massive foyer , the dining room no one in his or her right mind used , and into a den . 
 adam was right behind him , not saying a word . 
 dawson waved his hand , opening the door to the theater . 
 light spilled into the dark room , casting yellowish light between the recliners . 
 they were watching an old episode of 90210 . 
 lame did n't even do that justice . 
 andrew turned around , scowling when he saw dawson . 
 `` unless you 've come to apologize for being such an ass to me , i do n't want any of what you 're selling . '' 
 his sister held a nail file over her fingers . 
 `` somehow i doubt that 's why he 's here , andy . '' 
 `` yeah , you 'd be correct on that . '' 
 dawson 's hands formed fists at his sides . 
 `` i want you two to listen , because i swear this will be the last time i say this . 
 i want both of you to leave bethany alone . 
 do n't talk to her . 
 do n't approach her . 
 hell , do n't even consider thinking about her . '' 
 andrew raised himself fluidly , his blue eyes starting to glow like diamonds . 
 `` or what ? '' 
 the back of dawson 's neck started to burn . 
 screw the whole telling him part . 
 he shed his human form in an instant and shot down the narrow aisle , slamming into a still-human andrew . 
 over the roar in his ears , he heard ash 's surprised shriek . 
 the force of his impact took them both all the way to the screen and when they hit , it ripped right over the dickhead 's face . 
 wrapping his hand around andrew 's throat , he rose off the ground , dragging the struggling boy with him . 
 andrew had switched forms , but he could n't break dawson 's hold . 
 dawson took him all the way to the vaulted ceiling , pinning him there . 
 or what ? 
 dawson spoke directly into andrew 's thoughts , driving the point home . 
 you threaten bethany again , in any way , and i 'll make sure you ca n't talk again . 
 to anyone . 
 ever . 
 do you understand me ? 
 `` dawson ! '' 
 ash yelled from below . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 stop ! 
 do something , adam ! '' 
 adam 's laugh followed . 
 `` someone needed to put andrew in his place . 
 i always figured it would be daemon . 
 who knew . '' 
 energy crackled up dawson 's arm . 
 he was this close to letting it go and knocking andrew into next week . 
 the flare of his light caused andrew to shrink away from him . 
 do you understand me ? 
 andrew hesitated , but then he nodded . 
 good , because this is n't happening again . 
 then he dropped andrew . 
 andrew hit the floor of the theater , flipping into his human form . 
 he lifted his head , shooting dawson a murderous look , but amazingly , he kept his mouth shut . 
 coming back down to the floor , he turned on ash . 
 and that includes you . 
 stay away from her . 
 better yet , i 'd love it if you stayed away from my brother . 
 her mouth dropped open . 
 `` why ? '' 
 you wan na know why ? 
 he can do so much better than you . 
 still furious , he struggled to bring back his human form , and when he did , his voice was frigid . 
 `` if any of you want to treat humans like they 're not good enough for us to be near , then go back to the damn colony . 
 you 'll fit in perfectly there . '' 
 turning from a stunned ash to adam , he took a deep breath . 
 `` sorry , man . 
 you 're cool . '' 
 adam shrugged . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 're totally cool . '' 
 dawson nodded and headed toward the den . 
 `` i 'll see my way out . '' 
 the thing is , every luxen feared daemon 's notorious temper . 
 his brother was like a lit fuse , ready to explode at any minute , but what they did n't know was that it was another thing dawson shared with daemon . 
 when push came to shove , and it involved someone he cared about , he could be just as mean . 
 chapter 16 after that , adam and ash backed off , way off . 
 and things ... ah , they were great . 
 school was almost out , and he and bethany honestly could n't get enough of each other . 
 daemon said he was whipped a few days ago , but dawson did n't care . 
 thinking about her brought a smile to his face . 
 and being with her completed him in a way he 'd never thought possible . 
 with bethany , he did n't think of himself as something separate from the thousands of people around him . 
 he just was ... himself . 
 dee even started hanging out with them the times he 'd brought bethany to their house . 
 daemon was never there when she was , and he really had n't warmed up to her yet , but when they joined him for lunch , he kept it cool . 
 it killed him that daemon still had n't accepted their relationship . 
 and he knew it bothered bethany , too , because she did n't want to be the cause of any of their problems , but it was n't like they were n't trying . 
 it was on daemon . 
 he 'd come around only when he wanted to . 
 and right now , he knew where daemon was . 
 with ash . 
 they were back together again . 
 as much as that bothered him , he kept his mouth shut . 
 the whole throwing stones in glass houses stuff sucked . 
 there was a knock on the front door . 
 smiling , dawson swung his legs off the couch and went to answer . 
 bethany stood there , hair pulled back in a high ponytail . 
 his gaze drifted over her , and damn , he had more reasons to love warm weather . 
 she was wearing shorts that showed off her legs and a hoodie over her tank top . 
 she stuck out one foot . 
 `` these are the only sneakers i have . 
 you think they 'll work ? '' 
 without saying a word , he wrapped his arms around her waist , lifting her off her feet with ease . 
 `` you 'll look cute up there . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` dawson - '' lowering her slowly against his chest , he grinned as her cheeks flushed . 
 her whiskey-colored eyes heated seconds before he kissed her . 
 when he settled her on her feet again , she swayed a little . 
 `` that 's the kind of greeting i like , '' she said , touching her lips . 
 his eyes followed her movements to those pink lips . 
 there was green paint on her pinkie , and seeing that , his heart expanded . 
 as he wrapped his hand around the one on her mouth , he realized he was absolutely crazy about her . 
 pulling her into the living room , he kept going until the backs of his legs hit the couch and he sat . 
 bethany climbed into his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck . 
 dawson stopped breathing as he tilted his head back , and she lowered her mouth to his . 
 the kiss was deep and scorching , endless . 
 not breaking contact , she unzipped her hoodie and he pushed it off her shoulders . 
 running his fingers up her bare arms , he grinned against her mouth when she shivered . 
 he could feel the cells in his body striving to change as he slipped his fingers under the hem of her shirt , going up and up until she was making soft little sounds . 
 the rush of sensations firing through him drowned out everything else . 
 when she started moving against him , his hands dropped to her hips , his fingers digging into the denim of her shorts . 
 thank god no one was home , because they would 've gotten an eyeful . 
 and that snapped him out of the haze . 
 he clasped her cheeks , his thumb stroking along her jaw . 
 `` we ... we have to stop ... or i wo n't be able to . '' 
 for a second , it seemed like bethany did n't get it , and then her face turned cherry red . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he murmured , his eyes dropping to her swollen lips . 
 god , she was beautiful to him-perfect . 
 bethany shuddered . 
 `` we do n't have to stop , you know ? 
 i 'm ... i 'm ready . '' 
 he almost lost his hold then . 
 the images her words brought forth tested what self-control he had . 
 wanting nothing more than to carry her upstairs and show her just how much she got to him , he wanted their first time to be special . 
 dinner , a movie , maybe some flowers and candles-not doing it on the couch or on his unmade bed in his messy bedroom that had socks and god knows what else strewn across the floor . 
 `` later , '' he promised , meaning it . 
 she snuggled in , resting her cheek on his shoulder . 
 `` soon ? '' 
 `` very soon ... '' several minutes passed and then she said , '' `` so ... back to the shoes . 
 they 'll work , right ? '' 
 `` they 're perfect for where i 'm taking you . '' 
 they were going hiking again . 
 two weekends ago , he 'd taken her on the trails , but today , he wanted to show her one of his favorite lookout spots . 
 they were supposed to go last weekend , but it had rained for days , saturating the ground . 
 bethany climbed off him . 
 it was time to get this show on the road , because if he did n't , his best intentions were going to fly right out the window . 
 he grabbed two bottles of water from the fridge , and they headed to his car . 
 they drove about a mile down the road , turning onto a little-known access road to the seneca rocks . 
 park rangers steered clear of this part . 
 mainly because it led to the colony deep within the forests surrounded the rocks . 
 and tourists were forbidden . 
 signs warning against trespassing were everywhere . 
 parking about two miles from the entrance , they hoofed it for about forty minutes . 
 bethany laughed and chattered the whole way . 
 several times they stopped so she could take pictures of the scenery she wanted to paint later . 
 when they reached the base of the mountains , bethany swallowed hard . 
 the slope running up the side to the little outcropping that gave a decent view was for beginners , no gear necessary , so dawson was n't worried . 
 `` are you sure i can climb this without killing myself ? '' 
 she asked , shielding her eyes with her hand . 
 `` you 'll do fine . '' 
 he bent down , kissing her cheek . 
 `` it really is n't that hard , and i wo n't let anything happen to you . 
 i promise . '' 
 she smiled at that and spent the next ten minutes snapping pictures of the glittering rocks . 
 then they started up the rocky hill bathed in sunlight , moving slowly so that bethany could get a feel for the terrain . 
 pebbles and loose dirt streamed down behind them as they made their way up . 
 `` this really is n't bad , '' she said , stopping and glancing behind her . 
 `` whoa . 
 okay . 
 remind me not to look back . '' 
 he turned around . 
 beth 's spine was ramrod straight . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 backtracking to her , he slid a little as he placed a hand on her shoulder . 
 face pale , she gripped his arm . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked , worried . 
 `` yeah , i just do n't think i 've ever been this high up before . '' 
 dawson smiled . 
 `` we are n't that high up , bethany . '' 
 her throat worked . 
 `` it does n't feel that way . '' 
 was she afraid of heights ? 
 oh crap , if that were the case , this was a bad idea . 
 `` you want to head back down ? 
 we can . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head , giving him a wobbly smile as she pried her fingers off his arm . 
 `` i want to do this with you . 
 just ... just go slowly , okay ? '' 
 part of him wanted to pick her up and zip her back down to the meadow below , but she insisted and he trusted her to tell him when she 'd had enough . 
 twenty minutes later , he scrambled up the flat rock and reached down to her . 
 `` give me your hand . 
 i 'll pull you up . '' 
 eyes narrowed with determination , she placed her hand in his . 
 warmth cascaded through his chest in response to her trust . 
 tugging her up , he held her until she was ready to stand . 
 and when she did , he noticed that her legs shook a little as she turned around . 
 bethany clutched the camera hanging around her neck . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 he rose to his feet , placing his hands on his h * ps as he took it all in . 
 the sky was that rare , perfect kind of blue . 
 clouds were fluffy , looking like they were painted in . 
 tips of ancient elms rose up , concealing the ground below . 
 `` yeah , '' he said slowly . 
 `` it 's amazing . 
 a different world up here . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder at him . 
 `` it would be so cool to be able to sit up here and paint . '' 
 `` we could do that . '' 
 bethany laughed . 
 `` i do n't think i 'd be able to get my stuff up here . '' 
 `` ye of little faith , '' he teased . 
 `` i can zip your stuff up here and have it ready in three seconds . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` it 's so strange . 
 sometimes i just forget ... what you are . '' 
 most people would n't know how to take that , but he recognized it for what it was . 
 and that was why he ... why he loved her . 
 looking away , he clamped his mouth shut . 
 the words had been in his chest for weeks , maybe months , demanding to be spoken , but any time he tried to force them out of his mouth , he locked up . 
 bethany had n't said those words , either , and if she did n't feel the same , he was afraid he 'd scare her off . 
 out of the corner of his eye , he saw her inch cautiously toward the edge . 
 `` be careful , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm always careful . '' 
 dawson pivoted around and crossed to the other side of the rock . 
 from where he stood , he was almost in perfect alignment with where the colony existed . 
 he sighed , closing his eyes . 
 neither him nor daemon had heard from them since the beginning of this year . 
 soon , he realized , soon he would have to face them , and they 'd want to talk about mating . 
 what would he say ? 
 there was no way he could even entertain the idea of being with someone else . 
 but he could n't tell them about bethany . 
 he would n't be able to tell them anything . 
 and that would go over like a - a wicked sense of dread shot through him , forcing his eyes open . 
 he glanced down at the sandstone rocks below his feet . 
 the crystals embedded deep into the sediment winked . 
 the surface was shiny , still damp from the recent rain . 
 slick - a gasp shattered his core , barely audible but as loud as thunder . 
 the scream that came next chilled his entire body . 
 there had n't even been a second-time seemed to have stopped , though . 
 his heart pounded in his chest as he whipped around , catching the blurred outline of beth 's flailing arms . 
 lead settled in his stomach , but he shot forward , slipping out of his form without thinking about it . 
 he was fast , but all it took was a second-a second for gravity to do its thing . 
 to reach up and suck bethany down into nothing but space . 
 but it was worse than just empty air , because then he would 've had time to catch her . 
 he went over the edge blindly , knowing that the side she 'd slipped off of had several jagged outcroppings that were bone breaking . 
 and one , a spike about ten fight long and six feet wide , had stopped her fall about thirty feet down . 
 chapter 17 dawson was n't thinking . 
 two seconds had passed . 
 two f ** king seconds for him to shed his human form and reach her body , which lay at an odd angle-one leg under the other , an arm hanging limply over the side . 
 bethany was n't moving . 
 something red pooled under the left side of her head . 
 not blood-it could n't be blood . 
 whatever it was-because it could n't be what it was-leaked from her ears . 
 the camera was gone , having fallen even farther . 
 he could n't think . 
 a part of his brain , the human side , clicked off . 
 reaching for beth , he cradled her against his chest , swallowing her in the whitish-blue light . 
 bethany . 
 bethany . 
 bethany . 
 her name was on repeat . 
 he rocked back against the smooth wall , and he screamed and screamed . 
 his entire world shattered . 
 open your eyes . 
 please open your eyes . 
 she did n't move . 
 she would n't move . 
 some part of him recognized that a human could n't have survived that fall depending on how they landed , but beth ... not his bethany . 
 this ... this could n't be happening . 
 his light flared around them , until he could no longer see her pale face but only an outline . 
 he 'd promised he would n't let anything happen to her . 
 a second-a goddamn second-he had turned away from her . 
 this was his fault . 
 he should n't have brought her up here after so much rain had soaked the ground , coating the bottom of her sneakers . 
 he should n't have kept going up the hill when he 'd seen how nervous she was , how shaky her legs were . 
 he should 've been able to stop this-to save her . 
 what the hell kind of power did he have if he could n't have saved her ? 
 dawson screamed again , the sound in his ears that of sorrow and rage . 
 but bethany could n't hear it . 
 no one could hear it . 
 something wet was on his cheeks . 
 tears , maybe . 
 he was n't sure . 
 he could n't see past the pulsating light . 
 he rested his head against hers , his mouth inches away from her parted lips . 
 his body shook . 
 he inhaled and then exhaled ... and the world seemed to stop again . 
 wake up . 
 wake up . 
 please wake up . 
 an unknown instinct propelled him forward , a whispering of ages before him . 
 an image filled his mind , of bethany basked inside and outside in light-his light . 
 it poured through her body , a part of him attaching to her skin , muscles , and bones . 
 he invaded her blood , wrapped himself around her on a cellular level , mending and repairing , healing torn skin and muscle , stitching together shattered bones . 
 it went on and on , seconds into minutes , minutes into hours . 
 or maybe it was n't even a minute that had passed . 
 dawson did n't know . 
 but he was n't breathing ; he was n't losing the image or the pleading litany in his head . 
 wake up . 
 wake up . 
 please wake up . 
 at first , he was n't sure what was happening . 
 he thought he felt her stir in his arms . 
 then he thought he heard a rough first breath-a weak gulp of air . 
 wake up . 
 wake up . 
 please wake up . 
 he was shaking , his light pulsating erratically . 
 `` dawson ? '' 
 the sound of her voice-oh , her sweet voice-destroyed his world for the third time . 
 his eyes flew open , but he still could n't see her beyond his own light . 
 bethany ? 
 are you ... ? 
 he could n't say the words , could n't believe somehow she was alive in his arms . 
 and how could she be ? 
 along with losing her , he 'd lost his mind . 
 a wave of raw pain crashed through him . 
 bethany , i love you . 
 i 'm sorry i never told you . 
 i love you . 
 i wish i had told you . 
 i love you . 
 and i ca n't ... i love you , too . 
 those whispered words were n't spoken out loud . 
 they were inside him , reverberating through his body and the part of him that had developed something human-a soul . 
 he pulled his light back into himself . 
 he could n't believe what he saw . 
 bethany stared up at him , her warm brown eyes shining with tears . 
 her face was still pale , but color infused her cheeks . 
 there were smudges of blood around her ears and at the corner of her mouth , but she was looking at him . 
 `` bethany ? '' 
 he croaked . 
 she nodded and whispered , `` yeah . '' 
 hands shaking , he touched her face , and when she closed her eyes , he panicked . 
 `` bethany ! '' 
 her eyes flew open . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 it could n't be , but she was alive and breathing in his arms . 
 he ran his fingers down her cheeks , smoothing away the hair caked with blood . 
 his chest was doing that crazy swelling thing again . 
 `` oh , god , i thought ... i thought i lost you . '' 
 `` i think you might have . '' 
 she gave a shaky laugh . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry . 
 i should 've been paying - '' `` no . 
 do n't apologize . 
 this was n't your fault . '' 
 he kissed her forehead , then her cheek and the tip of her nose . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm tired ... a little dizzy , but i feel good . '' 
 he was exhausted . 
 as if he 'd fought a hundred arum all at once . 
 pressing his forehead against hers , he breathed in her clean scent . 
 he could n't close his eyes , afraid she might vanish . 
 bethany trembled . 
 `` what did you do , dawson ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i honestly do n't know . '' 
 she let go of his hand and cupped his cheek . 
 `` whatever you did , it saved ... it saved me . '' 
 bethany was alive ! 
 she was here in his arms , touching him . 
 his cheeks felt wet again , but he did n't care . 
 nothing else mattered except the girl he cradled to him . 
 ... bethany stayed in his arms and on that damn cliff for what felt like hours , and she did n't want to ever leave his embrace . 
 she was warm wrapped in his arms . 
 but they had to go . 
 she stood , surprised that she even could . 
 there was no doubt in her mind that at least one of her legs had been broken . 
 and by the amount of blood that had dried in her hair , she was sure her skull had been cracked like an egg . 
 she put the pause on those thoughts . 
 right now , she could n't even begin to think about what had happened . 
 dawson looked weary as he climbed , but he lifted her off her feet , holding her against his chest . 
 there was only one way to get back down . 
 `` hold on and close your eyes , '' he said . 
 bethany did as instructed and felt the change in him . 
 his body hummed , and she could see his bright light behind her lids . 
 the wind rushed at her face , blowing her hair back . 
 seconds later , his lips brushed her forehead . 
 when she realized he was walking , she struggled in his arms . 
 he was obviously weaker now and should n't be carrying her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , staring at him . 
 dark smudges had already bloomed under his eyes . 
 what he did had worn him out . 
 `` but i can walk . '' 
 `` i 'd rather carry you . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'm not going to fall again . 
 i promise . '' 
 dawson did n't find the joke funny , not that she blamed him . 
 it took a little convincing that she could walk before he set her down , but he did n't let go of her hand or take his eyes off her the whole way back to the car . 
 the drive to his house was quick and quiet . 
 when he killed the engine in front of the house , he faced her . 
 `` bethany ... '' in that instant , she remembered what she 'd heard . 
 him saying he loved her over and over again . 
 a knot formed in her throat , and her eyes burned . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered hoarsely . 
 `` for whatever you did . 
 thank you and i love you . '' 
 dawson leaned back in his seat , smiling weakly . 
 `` i wish - '' `` i know . 
 i heard you . 
 and that 's all that matters . '' 
 he kissed her gently , as if he were afraid he 'd hurt her . 
 `` i 'm going to drive you and your car home , then come back to my house . '' 
 `` i 'm really okay . '' 
 she glanced down at herself . 
 her shorts were torn and her hoodie was bloodied . 
 she was a mess . 
 thank god her parents had taken phillip to a puppet show in cumberland and uncle will would most likely be in bed when she got there . 
 outside of the car , he pulled her into a fierce hug that she did n't want to end . 
 he smoothed back her hair , kissed her until she thought she 'd stopped breathing again . 
 `` you 're glowing , '' he murmured against her temple . 
 `` how badly ? '' 
 `` you 're bright but beautiful . '' 
 there was a pause when he kissed her forehead . 
 `` brighter than i 've seen . 
 i 'll feel better getting you home and checking out the area first , okay ? '' 
 oh , no . 
 her heart sank . 
 all the ground they 'd made with the others would be lost . 
 `` your family and friends - '' `` i 'll take care of it . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 it was hard not to worry , but right now , her brain was spinning with everything . 
 once inside her car , he got behind the steering wheel and smiled at her . 
 he looked so tired ; his hair was a mess of black waves and his shirt was covered in her ... her blood . 
 she swallowed thickly , forcing her gaze forward . 
 standing on the porch was daemon . 
 by the brutal look on his face , there was no doubt that he 'd seen them-seen her trace . 
 ... bethany 's house was dark and silent when she walked in . 
 all she wanted to do was shower all the blood and grime off and sleep for a year . 
 dawson was coming back over , and she was going to sneak him in . 
 a first for her , but she knew he honestly needed to be near her right now . 
 dawson was rattled , still shaky over what happened . 
 so was she . 
 in the kitchen , she grabbed a bottle of water and downed it in one gulp . 
 the memory of falling haunted her steps as she threw the plastic in the trash . 
 she 'd fallen and the impact-oh , god-the pain had been so intense but brief . 
 final . 
 and then there had been nothing . 
 bethany was n't sure how long that nothing had lasted , but the next thing she 'd heard was dawson telling her to please wake up and that he loved her . 
 at first , she 'd been confused . 
 had she fallen asleep ? 
 but then it hit her . 
 and she was still reeling from it . 
 had she been knocked unconscious ? 
 if the blood was any indication , she 'd been seriously injured . 
 the big question was-had she been knocking on death 's door or had she died ? 
 bethany shuddered . 
 somehow , dawson had healed her-fixed everything that had been damaged in the fall . 
 what he had done was awe-inspiring and beyond comprehension . 
 and their hearts-they 'd been beating in perfect sync . 
 she did n't know how she knew , but she did . 
 it had to be some kind of weird byproduct of what he 'd done . 
 very weird , but nothing she was afraid of . 
 how could she be ? 
 dawson loved her . 
 and that kind of love ... it was amazing . 
 still thirsty , she grabbed another bottle of water and headed for the stairs . 
 without any warning , the kitchen light came on . 
 uncle will stood in the doorway , his eyes blinking against the light . 
 `` bethany , what-oh my god , are you okay ? '' 
 crap . 
 `` yeah , i 'm fine . '' 
 he shuffled to her as fast as he could . 
 over the last couple of weeks , he had been getting better , stronger . 
 brown hair peppered with gray covered his head now . 
 soon , he 'd be living back in his own home again . 
 `` my god , beth , you 're covered in blood . '' 
 he put a shaky hand on her shoulder , eyeing her like any doctor would , searching for visible injuries . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 think fast , beth , think fast . 
 `` dawson and i went hiking , and he cut himself on a jagged rock . 
 he bled ... a lot . '' 
 uncle will 's eyes widened . 
 `` did he bleed all over you ? '' 
 `` pretty much , but he 's okay . '' 
 she went past him , heart pounding . 
 `` everything 's fine , though , so there 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` beth - '' `` i 'm pretty tired , though . '' 
 god , she needed to get away and clean herself up . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 not waiting for a response , she dashed up the stairs and closed her door behind her . 
 crap , her uncle would probably say something to her parents and they 'd flip . 
 but there were n't any visible injuries . 
 maybe she 'd be able to convince them it was n't as bad as it seemed to uncle will . 
 not maybe . 
 she would . 
 dawson 's secret relied upon bethany convincing her family everything was fine . 
 chapter 18 dawson was so wiped out he could barely stand . 
 he plopped down at the kitchen table , resting his head on his hand . 
 a steady throbbing had taken up residency between his temples . 
 he needed to shower and then get his butt over to bethany 's . 
 what he wanted was to hold her , to reassure himself that she was very much alive . 
 but first he was in for a major bitching session . 
 daemon glared at him from across the table . 
 `` what the hell happened ? 
 and do n't you dare say nothing . 
 she 's glowing like a freaking sun . '' 
 what could he say ? 
 he did n't have a clue . 
 no way could he explain what he had done , and until he understood it better , he was n't going to tell anyone . 
 not even dee . 
 `` i 'm still waiting , '' daemon said . 
 dawson pried one eye open . 
 `` i was showing off , being stupid . 
 i was n't thinking . '' 
 his brother 's mouth dropped open . 
 disbelief filled his expression . 
 `` you have to be the - '' `` stupidest guy around , i know . '' 
 `` that does n't explain why both of you look like you jumped off a mountain . '' 
 dawson flinched . 
 `` bethany fell ... and skinned up her hands . 
 it looks worse than it is . '' 
 daemon 's gaze surveyed him . 
 `` no doubt . '' 
 dawson sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` sorry , '' daemon growled . 
 `` sorry really does n't fix this , bro . 
 that other arum-he 's still out there . 
 and now you 've gone and lit up your girl 's ass like the fourth of freakin ' july . 
 again . 
 you 're going to get that girl killed . '' 
 whoa , that stung like a bitch . 
 `` is the other arum really out there , daemon ? '' 
 he lifted his head , weary . 
 `` we have n't seen him or any other arum in months . 
 he 's gone . '' 
 `` we do n't know that . '' 
 very true , but he was too tired to argue . 
 `` i 'll keep her away from here until it fades . '' 
 if it ever faded , because he was n't sure it would . 
 `` i 'll take care of this . '' 
 anger blew off daemon . 
 `` you know , i 've been crazy to let you keep fooling around with this human , hoping you 'd eventually come to your damn senses , but obviously i should 've stepped in a lot sooner . '' 
 `` i 'm not fooling around with her . '' 
 dawson sat back in his chair , meeting his brother 's furious glare . 
 `` i love her . 
 and i 'm not leaving her because you do n't approve . 
 so get over it . '' 
 `` dawson - '' `` no . 
 you do n't get it . 
 my life is n't yours-it does n't belong to the luxen and it does n't belong to the dod . '' 
 fury fueled his energy now . 
 `` and giving her up is like giving up a piece of me . 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 daemon 's fists thumped on the table . 
 `` dawson , i - '' `` she makes me happy . 
 and should n't that make you happy ? 
 for me ? 
 and without her ... yeah , i do n't need to finish that thought . '' 
 daemon looked away , lips thin . 
 `` of course i want to see you happy . 
 i want nothing more than you and dee to be happy , but bro , this is a human girl . '' 
 `` she knows the truth about us . '' 
 `` i wish you 'd stop saying that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 dawson ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i can stop saying it , but it does n't change anything . '' 
 a dry , bitter laugh came from his brother . 
 and then what came next rhymed with suck and ended with duck . 
 `` and what happens when you break up ? '' 
 `` we are n't breaking up . '' 
 `` oh , jesus , dawson , you 're both sixteen . 
 come on . '' 
 dawson flew to his feet . 
 `` you do n't get it . 
 you know what-it does n't matter . 
 i love her and that 's not changing . 
 either you can support me like a brother should or you can stay the hell out of my face . '' 
 daemon lifted his head , his eyes wide and pupils white . 
 shock stole a lot of the color from his skin , and dawson had never seen the look on his brother 's face . 
 as if dawson had walked up and shoved a blade deep into his own brother 's back . 
 `` so , it 's going to be like that ? '' 
 daemon asked . 
 dawson hated his next words , but he had to say them . 
 `` yeah , it 's going to be like that . '' 
 standing , daemon pushed back his chair and went over to the window . 
 several moments passed in silence , and then he laughed roughly . 
 `` god , i hope i never fall in love . '' 
 a little bit surprised by that statement , dawson watched his twin . 
 `` do you really want that ? '' 
 `` hell yeah , '' daemon replied . 
 `` look at how stupid it 's made you . '' 
 dawson smiled in spite of everything . 
 `` i know that 's probably an insult , but i 'm going to take it as a compliment . '' 
 `` you would . '' 
 daemon faced him and leaned against the counter . 
 `` i do n't like this . 
 i 've never liked this , but ... but you 're right . 
 you 've been right . '' 
 hell just froze over . 
 a small , wry grin appeared on daemon 's face . 
 `` i ca n't tell you who to date . 
 hell , no one can tell any of us who to love . '' 
 man , he stopped breathing . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` not that you need my permission , because you pretty much do whatever you want , but i 'll support you . '' 
 he rubbed his eyes . 
 `` and you 're going to need it when the rest see how bright she is . '' 
 struck dumb by daemon 's submission , dawson crossed the room and did something he had n't done in a long time . 
 he hugged him . 
 `` thank you , daemon . 
 i mean it , thank you . '' 
 `` you 're my brother . 
 the only one i have , so i am stuck with you . '' 
 he hugged dawson back . 
 `` i do want you happy . 
 and if bethany makes you happy , then so be it . 
 i 'm not going to lose you over some girl . '' 
 ... three days later and bethany 's trace was still as bright as the day on the cliff . 
 and they had the same amount of answers to what happened as they had then . 
 a big fat nothing . 
 they 'd gone around and around , trying to figure out what happened . 
 short of confiding in daemon or matthew , dawson did n't know if they 'd ever find an answer . 
 the whole not-knowing and constant discussing it was driving them both crazy . 
 so tonight , they were doing something normal . 
 going to the movies like any other normal , teenage couple would . 
 they were even doing dinner . 
 and at home , sitting on his dresser , was a fresh bouquet of roses he planned on surprising her with . 
 maybe even a few candles ... but bethany had only picked at her dinner . 
 he glanced at her as he pulled into the parking lot . 
 her cheeks were flushed , eyes bright when they were open . 
 right now , though , she had them closed as she rested in the seat . 
 `` hey , '' he said , patting her leg . 
 `` you okay over there ? '' 
 her lashes fluttered up . 
 `` yeah , i 'm just tired . '' 
 dawson parked the car and twisted toward her . 
 `` we can call it a night if you want . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm good to go . '' 
 she reached out , placing her hand on his cheek . 
 he watched her and the words bubbled up before he could stop them . 
 `` i ca n't believe how lucky i am . 
 you 've been so accepting of everything . 
 i almost ca n't believe it . '' 
 `` i love you , dawson . 
 i love who you are , what you are . 
 and i do n't think love recognizes differences . 
 it just is . 
 and we really are n't that different . '' 
 damn if he did n't start to feel his eyes burning . 
 if he started crying , he 'd kick himself , but he would never grow tired of hearing those three words , through their bond or spoken out loud . 
 `` we have different dna . 
 i do n't even have to breathe if i did n't force myself to , bethany . 
 i 'm an alien-total et over here . 
 that 's definitely different . '' 
 but he placed his hand over hers anyway . 
 a faint smile appeared on her lips . 
 all of her smiles were beautiful . 
 `` so ? 
 that does n't change the fact that i love you . 
 and i know it does n't change that you love me . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 `` and , yeah , we are different on a superficial level . '' 
 bethany leaned over , kissing his lips . 
 his fingers curved around hers tightly . 
 `` but we are the same . 
 we laugh at the same stupid jokes . 
 neither of us has a clue what we want to do after school . 
 both of us think hugh laurie is a genius even though we hate tv . 
 and we 've both seen dirty dancing at least thirteen times , although you 'll never admit it . '' 
 she winked . 
 he pulled her hand from his cheek , pressing his lips against the center of her palm . 
 `` and both of us are going to fail gym . '' 
 she giggled , because it was true . 
 `` and we have a love for all things sugary . '' 
 `` and stupid nicknames no one else gets . '' 
 nodding , she placed her other hand on his chest . 
 `` and our hearts beat the same . 
 do n't they ? '' 
 god , they did . 
 like two halves that were split but somehow still joined . 
 he bent his head , brushing his lips along hers . 
 he was in awe of her-no , enthralled by her . 
 she was his . 
 he was hers . 
 dawson found her lips , feeling his heart pick up and race , matching bethany 's equally pounding beat . 
 he shivered as a pleasant rush bloomed over his skin . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 bethany smiled against his mouth . 
 `` ditto . 
 we 're going to miss the movie . '' 
 he 'd rather stay in the car and see how fogged up they could get the windows , but he nodded and opened the door . 
 the sweet , tangy spring air swallowed him . 
 summer was n't too far away . 
 funny . 
 three months had changed his life . 
 heading around to her side , he draped his arm over her shoulders , steering her across the parking lot . 
 she grinned up at him . 
 `` everything is sort of perfect , you know ? '' 
 damn if it was n't . 
 he pulled her closer and - a cold chill snaked down his spine , exploding over his nerve endings . 
 the feeling was recognizable . 
 arum . 
 spinning around , he wrapped his arm around beth 's waist and pulled her against him . 
 `` when i tell you to run , you run . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she struggled in his grasp and then stilled . 
 `` it 's them , is n't it ? 
 oh my god ... '' they were on the cusp of the protective beta quartz , but her trace was definitely visible to any arum . 
 his eyes scanned the dark sky and then dropped over the surrounding woods . 
 everything was cast in shadows . 
 he wanted to send her into the theater , but that would require them splitting up , and he was n't leaving her anywhere . 
 `` we 're going to get back into the car , '' he said quickly . 
 `` and then - '' the shadows pooled in front of them , taking shape and form . 
 without saying a word , he swooped bethany up and headed for the thick tree line . 
 part of him hoped he was n't making a huge mistake , but they 'd never make it across the parking lot . 
 and he needed to be where he could defend and keep an eye on her . 
 rushing through the woods , he swore he could hear her voice in his head , saying his name , but that could n't be possible . 
 it had happened when he healed her , but in his human form , it should n't be . 
 but he had to table that . 
 once they were deep enough in the woods , he set her down . 
 her eyes were wide and panicked as she stepped back . 
 `` everything 's going to be - '' the arum came from the sky , slipping through branches like a dark , tumultuous cloud . 
 grabbing bethany by her shoulders , he pushed her to the ground and then switched into his true form . 
 her startled gasp propelled dawson forward . 
 he would die before he let anything happen to her . 
 he leaped into the air , crashing into the arum . 
 the thunderous impact rattled the trees , and they crashed through the leafy branches . 
 several yards away , they skidded across the ground , grass and dirt streaming into the air and leaving a rough trench behind . 
 the arum 's dark laugh slithered through dawson . 
 do n't worry , he said . 
 i wo n't kill you yet . 
 i 'll leave you alive ssso you can watch the life bleed out of your human . 
 rage pounded through him , and he rose up , feeling energy crackle along his arms . 
 gathering the energy into a tight ball of anger until he was taut with the pressure , he let go and a stream of bluish-white light blasted into the arum 's center . 
 with a roar , the arum reared up and expanded , tossing dawson into the air as though he were nothing but a child . 
 if you give up , it will be lesss painful . 
 dawson 's shoulder slammed into the ground . 
 he rolled onto his back and popped up in his human form before the arum reached him . 
 spinning out of his grasp , he avoided the thick tendrils stabbing at him . 
 damn , he 'd been drained once before , and he was n't going through that again . 
 the arum shifted into his human form , letting loose a series of blasts that dawson barely avoided as he raced toward the bastard . 
 the matter the arum wielded left craters in the ground , destroyed the ancient oaks it came into contact with . 
 he had n't heard bethany make a sound for so long , the thought that something had happened to her made him falter without even meaning to . 
 he took his eyes off the arum , searching for her . 
 the minute distraction cost him . 
 letting out another chilling laugh , the arum threw his hand out . 
 in the last possible moment , dawson switched to his true form . 
 the dark matter hit him in the chest , and he absorbed it the best he could . 
 the blast still knocked him off his feet but would 've incinerated a human . 
 over the red-hot , slicing pain shooting through his body and the buzzing in his ears , he heard bethany 's horrified scream . 
 a split second later , he sprang to his feet and took off after the arum . 
 the arum was nothing more than a shadow , but he was heading straight for beth . 
 it was like all his nightmares were becoming reality . 
 the terror was worse than when he 'd seen beth topple over the edge . 
 all he could see was beth 's pale face , her wide eyes . 
 it became his whole world . 
 a part of him , probably the one that held all of his humanity , switched off . 
 his vision sharpened and purpose filled him . 
 beth was threatened . 
 and the arum was going to die . 
 shifting into his true form , he rushed the arum and tackled him from behind . 
 he heard a soft gasp , but he rolled the arum onto his back . 
 the air around them became charged . 
 reaching down , he unsheathed the obsidian blade from around his lower leg . 
 the arum struggled wildly under him , but dawson clamped a hand around the sob 's throat and pinned him there . 
 without saying a word , he plunged the blade deep into the arum 's center . 
 there was a flash of golden light and then the arum broke into pieces that hovered in the air for a few seconds , like an irregularly shaped puzzle . 
 and then they simply fizzled out . 
 dawson stood and swayed to the right . 
 pain arced up his leg . 
 he looked down and noticed it seemed off . 
 as if his left leg was going the wrong way , bent at an odd angle . 
 broken . 
 slipping the obsidian into his back pocket , he sighed and changed into his luxen form so he could heal . 
 it would take a couple of minutes to repair the damage , but at least he would n't feel it now . 
 and anyway , he had more important things to worry about . 
 he faced beth . 
 she was standing under one of the scorched trees , her arms wrapped around her waist . 
 trembles ran through her body , and he hated that she 'd seen this-seen him kill . 
 bethany ? 
 her head cocked to the side and she blinked . 
 are ... are you okay ? 
 hearing her voice again in his thoughts was a heady , unexplainable feeling . 
 coming back to her , he knelt and cupped her cheeks . 
 his light enveloped her as he pressed his lips to against hers . 
 through their bond , he heard her saying his name over and over again . 
 dawson . 
 dawson . 
 dawson . 
 it 's okay . 
 it 's over . 
 he slipped back into his human form , pulling her against his chest , resting his cheek against hers . 
 their pounding hearts beat in unison . 
 i 'll never let anything happen to you . 
 i promise . 
 you 're safe with me . 
 bethany 's fingers dug into his shirt as she shivered . 
 i know . 
 i love you . 
 he would never grow tired of hearing those three words , through their bond or spoken out loud . 
 dawson ? 
 a shudder rolled through her body . 
 a moan was muffled against his neck . 
 i do n't feel ... i do n't feel good . 
 he let go , stepping back . 
 beth - she did n't trip , but it seemed like her legs gave out on her . 
 he reached for her , but she hit the ground , face pale as she pushed up to her knees . 
 her skin looked damp and clammy . 
 fear tripped up his heart as he shot toward her . 
 was she hurt ? 
 the arum had n't reached her , he was sure . 
 `` bethany , what 's wrong ? '' 
 a shudder rolled through her body . 
 `` dawson ... '' kneeling beside her , he grasped her shoulders . 
 her moan sent his heart racing . 
 his eyes darted around quickly . 
 `` baby , talk to me . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i do n't feel good , '' she said , her voice weak . 
 and then he heard her as clear as day in his head . 
 i think i 'm on fire . 
 placing his hands on her cheeks , he found her skin to be hot . 
 too hot . 
 her lids were heavy , hiding her eyes . 
 `` bethany , tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 `` something 's wrong - '' a twig snapped nearby . 
 in a flash , four shadows swallowed them , and his stomach pitched . 
 oh , god , no . 
 there were more arum . 
 gathering her close , he knew he was too drained to fight off four of them . 
 for the first time in his life , he envied his brother 's strength . 
 bethany was going to die , and it was all his fault . 
 because he was too weak to protect her . 
 he held her tighter . 
 i 'm sorry , he said through their mind link . 
 and he 'd never meant those words more than he did then . 
 tensing his shoulders , he gathered his remaining strength . 
 this might be the end , but no way was he going out without a fight . 
 he 'd take as many of the bastards with him as he could . 
 he squeezed bethany one last time and turned to face them . 
 there was a flash of intense light , blinding even him , and before he could shed his human form , something cool was placed against his neck . 
 then his world went to hell . 
 it felt like the light was being torn from underneath the skin , muscles pulling , bones snapping . 
 red-hot , fiery pain exploded , taking ... taking everything . 
 him . 
 sight . 
 sound . 
 everything . 
 the last thing he felt was bethany being pulled from his limp arms . 
 a finality of black crashed over him in waves he could n't surface from , welcoming him into the nothingness that dug in deep , refusing to ever let him go . 
 chapter 19 daemon rolled his shoulders , unable to shake the sudden tension building in his back and neck . 
 like he 'd slept wrong , but he 'd done a whole lot of not sleeping . 
 `` babe , you 're not paying attention to me at all . '' 
 he glanced over at ash . 
 she 'd ordered summer dresses off the internet or something and was doing a little peek-a-boo modeling show . 
 and by her current state of dress , he must 've missed the good stuff . 
 extending an arm , he said , `` sorry . '' 
 she swayed her h * ps over to him . 
 instead of taking his hand , she climbed onto his lap and started going for it . 
 her mouth was everywhere-his lips , cheeks , throat , lower . 
 normally he would 've been all into this , especially since ash had been sweet that day . 
 but his mind ... it was someplace else . 
 over her shoulder , moonlight sliced through the window . 
 ash stilled and then straightened . 
 her lower lip stuck out . 
 somehow , she was still hot as hell . 
 `` okay . 
 what 's going on , because you are so not on the same page as me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know . 
 i just feel ... '' he could n't put it into words , because he was n't sure how he felt . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's nothing with you . 
 i swear . '' 
 she looked like she was going to argue , but remarkably decided not to . 
 `` okay . 
 well , maybe ... maybe tomorrow we can pick this back up ? '' 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 he cupped her cheeks gently and kissed her . 
 `` i 'll call you in the morning . '' 
 ash gathered her stuff up and left . 
 he lay back on his bed , suddenly exhausted . 
 before he knew it , he opened his eyes and it was morning . 
 holy hell , he 'd never just conked out like that . 
 pushing himself up , he scrubbed at his eyes and yawned . 
 the tension in his shoulders and neck was still there . 
 great . 
 on his way downstairs he passed dawson 's bedroom . 
 the door was cracked open . 
 from the hallway he could smell the roses he 'd bought for bethany . 
 maybe he should do something like that for ash-wait . 
 daemon pushed open the door . 
 dawson had n't been home . 
 and it was obvious that he 'd been planning on coming back last night . 
 he dug his cell out of his pocket . 
 there were no messages from him . 
 `` dee ? '' 
 he went down the steps , three at a time . 
 she was sitting on the couch , huddled up in a little ball , wrapped in a quilt . 
 `` have you heard from dawson ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she looked dog-tired . 
 `` maybe he stayed over at bethany 's . '' 
 all night with her parents being there ? 
 he doubted that . 
 going into the kitchen , he made dee and himself some breakfast . 
 they ate in silence , which was unusual . 
 dee always had something to talk about . 
 `` you feeling okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i feel beat . '' 
 `` same here . '' 
 and the weird feeling in his stomach , like a bundle of knots , kept growing and growing . 
 nothing he did , even running , eased them . 
 sometime in late morning , right before he was about to go to bethany 's house and see if his dumbass brother just could n't be bothered with letting him know where he was , there was a knock on the door . 
 it was officer vaughn and officer lane . 
 daemon took a step back without speaking . 
 something ... something awful was creeping up his throat , into his head . 
 officer lane looked terrified . 
 `` sorry to arrive without warning , but we need a few minutes of your time . '' 
 okay , they were never sorry before . 
 ever . 
 as if he were moving through water , he turned to his sister . 
 her pale face was tight . 
 on autopilot , he sunk down beside her . 
 vaughn remained by the door , his eyes sharp . 
 it was lane who sat in the recliner and clasped his hands together . 
 `` i need to ask you a few questions about dawson . '' 
 his mouth went dry . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` was he with a human girl by the name of elizabeth williams-also known as bethany or liz ? '' 
 the knots had turned into acid . 
 had the dod found out about dawson and bethany ? 
 the dod knew that the luxen and humans had ... relationships , even though it was a little bit on the forbidden side of things-for obvious reasons . 
 `` why are you asking ? '' 
 daemon sat straighter , figuring two officers were about to disappear if they 'd discovered dawson had exposed what they were . 
 lane glanced at vaughn , then took a deep breath . 
 `` was he with her last night ? '' 
 `` yes , '' dee answered . 
 `` they 're friends . 
 why are you asking ? '' 
 `` there ... there appears to have been an incident last night in moorefield . '' 
 there was a pause and all sorts of horrible things rushed through daemon . 
 `` we do n't know what happened , but i am sorry , he was gone . 
 both of them were . '' 
 daemon opened his mouth to speak but lost his voice . 
 gone ? 
 as in , they were n't where the dod thought they were , because he surely could n't mean gone as in gone . 
 he started to stand but could n't will his legs to work . 
 his sister drew in a shaky breath . 
 `` he 's coming back , right ? 
 with bethany ? '' 
 daemon bit down on his molars . 
 gone was a term humans loved to use when they could n't wrap their tongue around the word dead . 
 as if saying gone somehow lessened the blow . 
 vaughn 's expression remained impassive . 
 `` both of them were dead . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 daemon could n't maintain the useless task of breathing . 
 he locked up , every muscle , every cell . 
 a roaring sound , like a low growl , filled his ears . 
 his vision dimmed . 
 `` no , '' dee said , whipping toward him . 
 hands flew to her hair , tugging erratically . 
 `` no . 
 dawson 's not dead ! 
 we 'd know . 
 he 's not dead , daemon ! 
 he 's not ! '' 
 lane stood , visibly awkward , and cleared his throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 there was a pressure building in his chest . 
 `` i want to see my brother . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but - '' `` take me to my brother 's body now ! '' 
 his voice shook the windows and the humans , but he did n't care . 
 `` so help me , if you do n't ... '' vaughn stepped forward . 
 `` your brother 's body and the human 's have been disposed of . '' 
 `` disposed ... '' he could n't even finish the sentence . 
 nausea rose sharply . 
 disposed of ... like nothing more than trash that needed to be taken out . 
 `` get out ... '' `` daemon , '' lane said . 
 `` we are truly - '' `` get . 
 out ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 the officers could n't have left quicker . 
 the wooden floor quaked beneath his feet , rolling until a keening howl accompanied the movement . 
 the house shook on its foundation . 
 windows rattled . 
 pictures slipped from the wall , shattering against the shaking floor . 
 furniture toppled over and elsewhere in the house , more things fell . 
 he did n't care . 
 he would destroy everything . 
 he had nothing left without his brother ... dee . 
 oh , god . 
 dee . 
 daemon started toward his sister , but found his legs just would n't keep going . 
 he stopped , bending at the waist as a wave of pain that felt so real slammed into his gut . 
 not his brother . 
 he could n't really comprehend what just happened . 
 you do n't wake up and everything is normal only to have your entire life destroyed in seconds . 
 `` please , no , '' dee whispered . 
 `` no , no , no . '' 
 he knew he needed to pull it together for his sister , but a cyclone was building inside him . 
 all he could think about was the day in the kitchen . 
 him hugging dawson-that could n't have been the last time he would hug him . 
 no-no way . 
 daemon racked his brain . 
 when was the last time he 'd seen dawson ? 
 yesterday ? 
 he was eating a bowl of cereal . 
 froot loops . 
 laughing . 
 happy . 
 last time took on a whole new meaning . 
 lifting his gaze , he saw dee was blurred . 
 either she was losing hold on herself or he was . 
 had he ever cried before ? 
 he could n't remember . 
 she seemed to wobble , and he shot toward her , catching her before she fell , but then they both hit the floor , holding each other . 
 daemon turned his head to the ceiling , letting out an unearthly roar that surely broke the sound barrier , shaking the house again . 
 windows rattled and then blew out this time . 
 the tinkling sound of glass falling cut through the wake like distant applause . 
 and then there were dee 's sobs . 
 heart-rending sobs racked her slender body and shook him . 
 the sound broke his heart . 
 she kept flipping in and out of her natural form , falling apart in his arms . 
 dawson was n't coming back . 
 his brother was n't going to walk through that door ever again . 
 there 'd be no more ghost investigator marathons . 
 no more teasing fights with dee over who ate the last of the ice cream . 
 and there were n't going to be any more arguments over the human girl . 
 the human girl ... dawson had lit her up like a beacon-that had led the arum straight to dawson . 
 that was the only explanation . 
 the rocks still protected them in moorefield . 
 the arum had to have seen bethany ... never in his life had he hated humans more than he hated them right then . 
 sorrow and rage rippled through him as his light burned reddish-white . 
 dee 's tears poured through the bond , her whispered denials kept coming , and god , he would 've given his own life at that moment to take away her pain and loss . 
 and to change some of the last things he 'd said to his brother . 
 you 're going to get that girl killed . 
 why had n't he said he loved him ? 
 no . 
 instead he 'd said that . 
 misery cleaved his soul , sinking in deep like a hot , serrated knife . 
 his head fell to his sister 's shoulder , and he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 tears still seeped through , scalding hot against his now-glowing cheeks . 
 light flickered all around the living room , casting strange shadows of the two forms huddled on the floor together . 
 dawson was dead because of him-because he had n't warned his brother enough , had n't stopped the relationship before it got out of hand . 
 he was dead because of a human girl . 
 and it was daemon 's fault . 
 he had n't done enough to stop him . 
 he held his sister tighter-the last of his family-and swore never again . 
 never again would he let a human put his family in harm 's way . 
 never again . 
 daemon would n't lose his sister , no matter what he had to do to keep her safe . 
 daemon would n't lose his sister , no matter what he had to do to keep her safe . 
