 glitter `` be pretty , '' her mother said , rearranging april 's frilly skirts . 
 `` keep your eyes wide and innocent . 
 it 's the only thing that might protect you . '' 
 the way her mother 's voice trembled made april shaky herself , and she wanted to feel like a princess in this dress . 
 so she ignored the warning , pushing her carefully curled gold hair back , and not making the slightest effort to keep her eyes wide . 
 she left their shared rooms , a royal prison within her uncle 's palace , and as she skipped to the indoor garden at the base of the tower , she enjoyed the way her skirts swirled around her . 
 she was eleven years old . 
 `` you look nice , '' elliott said from an alcove . 
 april frowned . 
 her brother had just turned thirteen and was prone to teasing . 
 except that , since their father had died , neither of them had the energy . 
 grief was exhausting . 
 so was fear . 
 a little brown monkey swung down from the rafters and onto elliott 's lap . 
 it wore a tiny vest made of silk brocade . 
 charmed , she reached out , but the creature bared its teeth at her , hissing . 
 then it nestled into elliott 's chest , looking up at him with big eyes-the sort of expression mother had just encouraged april to present . 
 elliott slipped something from his pocket and fed it to the monkey . 
 `` no wonder he likes you better . '' 
 april heard the sourness in her voice , and hated herself for it . 
 but the way the monkey curled against her brother made her jealous . 
 neither of them had ever had a pet , something to love them unconditionally . 
 their mother swept down the staircase . 
 `` for goodness ' sake , do n't get dirty , '' she chastised , dusting april 's skirts . 
 `` uncle has always been fond of you . 
 he wo n't hurt a pretty little girl . '' 
 it might be true . 
 of the many people april had seen her uncle harm , none of them had been little girls . 
 mother handed april specially made white gloves with pearl buttons . 
 elliott watched from his alcove , and april felt a spiteful bit of happiness . 
 the monkey might prefer elliott 's company , but mother had barely looked at him in the months since father died . 
 mother knew , somehow , that elliott had seen what happened . 
 that he 'd hidden and had n't done anything to stop uncle prospero from murdering father . 
 only elliott knew that april had been beside him the entire time and so far he had n't told anyone . 
 she did n't think he ever would . 
 her happiness faded though at the lost expression in her brother 's eyes . 
 unlike uncle and mother , their father had never played favorites . 
 april ached for the past . 
 for the safety of father and the world before the plague . 
 the world before they 'd been brought to uncle prospero 's castle , where no one spoke of the disease , but everyone carried handkerchiefs filled with herbs that were supposed to prevent the illness . 
 mother led april into the throne room , a shadowy place stained by torture and fear , still fussing over her appearance . 
 when uncle walked down the aisle to his raised dais , his eyes swept over them . 
 he smiled vaguely but did n't stop . 
 elliott followed their uncle . 
 mother let out a hiss , so low that only april and a few courtiers near them heard it , when she saw that he was dressed identically to uncle prospero in a black suit with an impeccable white shirt . 
 uncle kept his launderers working constantly . 
 white shirts were easily stained , especially by blood . 
 april did n't usually watch the onstage cruelty that passed for entertainment in the throne room . 
 mother encouraged her to look subtly away , but never to cry because that might draw attention . 
 guards dragged in a boy and a man through the crowd to where her uncle was waiting . 
 they stumbled up the steps to the dais . 
 the boy wore spectacles with glass so thick that it magnified his eyes . 
 april had n't spoken to another child in ages , not since elliott had disastrously befriended one of the kitchen boys . 
 she might have smiled as the boy on the dais now looked around the throne room with his enormous eyes , but her face was frozen . 
 chills ran through her at the memory of what had happened to the kitchen boy . 
 prospero found it amusing to instruct elliott in the art of torture . 
 each night he gave lessons on how to hurt people in increments and keep them alive . 
 for entertainment . 
 `` welcome to my home . '' 
 reveling in his showmanship , prospero talked to the bespectacled boy in a friendly manner , gave him a treat . 
 the boy accepted the treat with a whisper of thanks that carried across the room . 
 april put her gloved hands over her face . 
 he had no idea what he was in for . 
 the man who stood beside him seemed resigned , already broken , but the boy ... there was something desperately hopeful about him . 
 the pearls at the sides of april 's gloves dug into her cheeks , until her mother noticed she was hiding her eyes and slapped april 's hands down . 
 and still prospero smiled , offering tidbits of candy , like elliott had to the monkey . 
 the man bowed his head , and the boy , seeing his distress , slipped his hand into the man 's . 
 april 's chest tightened . 
 prospero called for one of the servants to bring a hammer . 
 the audience shifted restlessly . 
 courtiers strained forward , but april saw them looking around , validating their anticipation against the responses of their neighbors . 
 some of them rubbed their hands together , some grinned . 
 a few averted their eyes . 
 elliott sat to the side , ignored . 
 his face was tightly controlled as he watched his uncle , then stared out across the sea of hostile faces . 
 the audience knew better than to show elliott any warmth , just as he knew better than to show them any weakness . 
 `` come here , nephew , '' prospero rasped . 
 elliott obeyed , but a flash of wariness crossed his face . 
 he was taller than the other boy , and he practically shone , standing there above everyone else . 
 no matter what happened in the throne room , the blood always got washed out of his hair , and it glimmered , clean and blond , in the combined light of torches and gas bulbs that prospero favored . 
 uncle handed elliott the hammer . 
 elliott shifted it from hand to hand , waiting for his instructions . 
 `` i want you to hit him , '' uncle said slowly . 
 `` find the place that will cause him the most pain without killing him . '' 
 the boy pulled back , his already magnified eyes widening . 
 elliott continued to shift the hammer . 
 the boy closed his eyes . 
 april could see that he was holding his breath . 
 she held hers , too . 
 slowly , with a strange sort of elegance , elliott raised the hammer . 
 and then dropped it on the other boy 's foot . 
 the boy made a little mewling sound . 
 mother also made a tiny sound . 
 so mother still cared a little bit about elliott . 
 april looked up at her . 
 it was better than looking at the stage , to see prospero 's rage building . 
 she could n't help admiring her brother . 
 his face had been emotionless , but dropping the hammer had been pure defiance . 
 prospero wanted agony ; the crowd was waiting for it . 
 and elliott had ignored that , barely bruising the boy . 
 no one defied prospero . 
 elliott was in for a lot of pain tonight . 
 and the boy would n't be spared either . 
 elliott had to know that . 
 her admiration evaporated . 
 what use was resistance when prospero always won ? 
 why had n't elliott just hit the boy properly ? 
 she did n't care , suddenly , if the unknown boy was hurt , as long as elliott could be spared . 
 not that it would happen now . 
 oh , elliott . 
 the courtiers were ecstatic . 
 they 'd rather see the prince 's nephew tortured than a random stranger , and chances were that both of the boys were in for it now . 
 april glanced up at the dais . 
 her uncle 's anger was still blazing bright . 
 one of his men had already brought a selection of instruments from the table beneath the window . 
 someone had placed the tongs on the fire . 
 without meaning to , she took two steps back . 
 she hated when they heated up the tongs . 
 the courtiers spoke in hushed voices . 
 they were constantly wagering over how long it would be until elliott actually killed a man at his uncle 's orders . 
 how long until he enjoyed it . 
 uncle 's eyes narrowed . 
 elliott stood straight , not looking at the boy 's foot , or the hammer , or his uncle 's anger . 
 in the months since they 'd lived at the castle , he 'd perfected the art of looking at nothing . 
 she broke her mother 's rule and looked down then , so she did n't see what happened next , nor did she want to . 
 she heard one scream and did n't think it was her brother . 
 he was known for suffering in silence . 
 but then their mother fainted , and servants carried her from the throne room . 
 april followed , leaving elliott , and his torment , behind . 
 all the next day , april searched for elliott , but he did n't want to be found . 
 two mornings later she went to the indoor garden once more , and stood amongst the great ferns and potted palm trees . 
 a silk cord hung from the ceiling . 
 it looked for all the world like the ties that held back the curtains in her mother 's apartment . 
 at the end of the cord was a tiny noose , and at the end of the noose , a monkey wearing a brocade vest . 
 a tiny hat lay on the floor beneath the dangling body . 
 she could n't look away . 
 and then elliott appeared from behind the ferns . 
 he bent to retrieve the tiny top hat . 
 his eyes were red . 
 but he was n't crying . 
 it was n't until later that it occurred to april that she did n't know whether elliott had found his pet dangling from the tiny noose , or whether prospero had forced him to kill it himself . 
 five years later april flipped her blonde hair and surveyed the line of umbrellas stretching around the block . 
 black umbrellas , like she used to see at funerals in the days when it had been possible to honor the dead with dignity . 
 raising her own umbrella against the drizzling rain , april narrowed her eyes at the line of miserable wet individuals standing between her and her goal-the door of a new club called the morgue . 
 if her mother knew where she was ... she pushed the thought away . 
 moving back to the city was the most defiant thing her mother had done in the years since the plague struck and her father died . 
 since her father was murdered . 
 april had no doubt that her mother was trying to protect her . 
 and she appreciated it . 
 but six months of cowering inside the penthouse apartment was enough to drive a sixteen-year-old mad . 
 the line moved . 
 april took three steps forward . 
 two girls stood ahead of her , laughing together . 
 the way they held each other 's arms was a painful reminder of the lie she 'd told her mother . 
 april was n't bothered by stretching the truth . 
 lies were often necessary . 
 but pretending to her mother that she had someone to visit , a friend , bordered on pathetic . 
 nearly as pathetic as standing in this never-ending line alone . 
 `` are you looking for a good time ? '' 
 the question came from a hooded figure who stood suddenly beside her . 
 april simply shrugged and rolled her eyes . 
 why on earth would she be standing in the rain , in the line for a club on an unseasonably cold friday evening , if she was n't in search of a good time ? 
 `` a new club just opened across the street , '' the voice said . 
 april was becoming increasingly certain that it was a female voice . 
 `` exclusive place . '' 
 definitely a girl-the hand raised to the hood was delicate , the palm adorned with a tattoo . 
 april did n't catch what it depicted , but her respect for the girl went up a couple of notches . 
 `` exclusive usually means boring , '' april said . 
 `` you do n't have to come with me . '' 
 but as the hood fell back , april could see why she 'd been wearing it . 
 not for protection from the rain as much as a way to hide her face . 
 the girl had medium-brown hair that was pleasant enough , but her teeth were crooked and it made her face look misshapen . 
 `` what do they have at this club that i ca n't get at the morgue ? '' 
 april examined her own gloved hand , faking disinterest . 
 `` if you have the money , they have the means to make you forget , '' the girl said . 
 april looked up at that . 
 forget ? 
 she made her decision in an instant , a habit that she 'd developed in her uncle 's castle . 
 split-second decisions were better than agonizing over choices with no obvious answers . 
 agonizing was what her mother spent her days doing . 
 it had turned her hair prematurely gray . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' april declared . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 the girl took april 's arm , and april let her , pleased at having someone to walk with . 
 she hesitated only a moment before leaving the line . 
 it stretched out behind her , around the building . 
 if the other club did n't work out , she would have lied to her mother for nothing , and who knew when she would manage to get out of the akkadian towers again . 
 her heart swelled with the need for adventure . 
 the line to the club was n't moving , so she let her new friend lead her away from the lighted avenue . 
 `` what sort of club is this ? '' 
 she asked breathlessly , as the girl pulled her along toward an alley . 
 `` ex - '' `` do n't say exclusive again , '' she warned . 
 `` exciting , '' the girl said . 
 and then someone grabbed the girl , shook her , and threw her across the alley . 
 april froze , pressing her back against the building . 
 the only ways out of this dark passageway were blocked by two men , one in either direction . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` two girls alone on a friday night . 
 if nothing else , we 'll get an umbrella and a cloak . '' 
 thieves . 
 was the cloaked girl with them ? 
 but she was cowering where she 'd fallen , plainly terrified . 
 one of the men pulled her up and , without ceremony , slit her throat with a single vicious stroke of a knife . 
 blood sprayed everywhere . 
 april threw up her arm to shield her face . 
 the bleed-out was fast , and the girl collapsed , dead . 
 the murderer threw her cloak to his friend . 
 `` what about the other one ? 
 she looks a bit more affluent . '' 
 at least the man was observant . 
 april slid both hands to the wood handle of her umbrella , gripping it tightly . 
 defensively . 
 `` be a shame to kill her . 
 she 's beautiful . '' 
 this from the man who had killed the cloaked girl . 
 beautiful . 
 she blinked . 
 the man could 've slit her throat already , but instead he was admiring her . 
 her mother 's constant advice , the repeating refrain of her childhood , played through her mind . 
 be pretty . 
 be pretty . 
 april lowered her eyes . 
 she 'd applied her makeup by candlelight . 
 she knew that even in the uncertain light of this alley her eyelids sparkled with glitter . 
 the murderer took one step forward , two . 
 he reeked of garlic and poverty . 
 then , the length of his body close to hers , in one swift motion she raised her knee , hard , hitting him between his legs . 
 at the same time , she swung the umbrella . 
 it was sturdily built , and connected with the side of the man 's head with a thud . 
 he fell to the ground . 
 luckily elliott had taught her a few things her mother had n't . 
 april swirled to face the other man , but he had n't left the shadows , and he was laughing . 
 with a swift kick to the side of the prone man 's head , april took off running . 
 she made for the entrance to the morgue , pushing her way through the hostile umbrellas to the front of the line . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 the bouncer held out his hand , but she knocked it aside . 
 `` the prince is my uncle , '' she gasped . 
 `` prospero . 
 and i 've just been attacked . '' 
 the bouncer shifted back , suddenly unsure . 
 `` your uncle does n't own this club , '' he said . 
 `` this is the debauchery district . 
 it is n't a safe place for little girls . '' 
 april raised herself to her full height , which was considerably less than the man who was blocking her path . 
 under other circumstances she might have been offended at being called a little girl . 
 she was sixteen , after all . 
 `` i 'm familiar with the debauchery district , '' she lied . 
 `` there 's another girl back there , too , '' she said in a softer voice . 
 `` they killed her . '' 
 `` come inside , '' said a voice from behind the bouncer . 
 it was a relief to step through the doorway , into the relative safety of the club . 
 her savior was as tall as the bouncer , but slender . 
 dark tattoos swirled over his arms and neck . 
 his hair was dark , as were his eyes . 
 `` it really is n't safe , '' he said . 
 `` no matter how well you know the debauchery district . '' 
 she could n't tell if he truly believed her lie about being familiar with the area . 
 and it did n't matter , because his dark eyes were full of concern . 
 `` i do n't suppose it is , '' april said . 
 she hugged her arms to her chest . 
 she was beginning to shake and did n't want this terribly attractive boy to see it . 
 `` i need a steam carriage to take me to the university . 
 it 's not far , but i do n't want to go alone . '' 
 chances were the criminal she 'd bested would be out for revenge . 
 `` a simple enough request , '' he said , `` for the prince 's niece . 
 he may not own this club , but he runs everything else . '' 
 he gestured for the bouncer . 
 `` i 'll take the door . 
 you drive the girl to the university . '' 
 april 's heart sank . 
 she 'd hoped the handsome one would take her . 
 still , all that mattered was that she make it to her brother 's side . 
 unlike her mother , he could handle what had happened to her . 
 it would n't be pleasant , but at least she would n't have to hide how shaken she was . 
 the bouncer helped her into a steam carriage , and pulled out , his driving jerky and unskilled . 
 `` we use this thing for picking up supplies , '' he explained . 
 he meant liquor . 
 april was sorry again that she had n't made it inside the club . 
 and then he was turning and their destination was in sight-the university , an oasis of pristine white buildings in the midst of the derelict city , just down from the banks of the river that separated the upper from the lower city . 
 she pointed to her brother 's dormitory building , and then started to climb down before the carriage had even come to a full stop . 
 `` here . '' 
 she handed him some coins , though he had n't asked for payment . 
 `` for your trouble . '' 
 `` be careful , '' he said reluctantly . 
 and then , looking down at the quantity of gold in his hand , continued , `` if you ever need to get into the morgue , come to the front of the line . 
 ask for me , bartholomew . 
 or will . '' 
 april hurried toward the wooden stairs that led to her brother 's apartment . 
 most university residents shared living spaces , but elliott lived alone . 
 she wanted to barrel though the door , to get inside , but he had it barred . 
 she knocked hard with her fist , breathing his name , until he threw the door open . 
 books and papers lined every surface . 
 plates of uneaten food stood on top , like mildly disgusting paperweights . 
 bottles were strewn about , some empty , some half full . 
 elliott 's eyes , the same blue as her own , were shadowed . 
 his blond hair was mussed and none too clean . 
 he was usually meticulous in his grooming , and april realized as he embraced her that he 'd consumed the contents of at least a few of those bottles . 
 she felt guilty suddenly for coming to him for help . 
 their mother had n't rescued him . 
 she 'd left him to their uncle 's torture , and april had gone with her . 
 the warning , the one defense her mother had devised-be pretty-hadn ' t worked for elliott . 
 which is not to say that he was n't attractive . 
 it might have been his gold hair and pink cheeks that had drawn their uncle 's ire . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she gestured to his apartment , the heaps of paper . 
 the leftovers from various meals , pushed aside for more books and papers . 
 `` trying to make sense of things . '' 
 april picked up a paper . 
 elliott started to reach for it , but then waved resignedly . 
 she skimmed what he 'd written . 
 an account of his life at their uncle 's palace . 
 `` i thought it was important to write things down , '' he said . 
 `` to document what happened . '' 
 `` i 'd rather forget , '' she said . 
 `` some things are impossible to forget . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` when the city has burned to the ground , i think it will be important that we leave some record . '' 
 `` do you think it will burn ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` eventually . '' 
 `` then why do n't you stop it ? '' 
 elliott smiled as if she had made a joke , but as he took the paper back , his eyes grew distant . 
 `` do you think i could stop it ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 and then she collapsed onto his sofa , and he made her hot tea , with a shot of something to calm her nerves . 
 one year later the debauchery club was quieter than usual . 
 april leaned forward to adhere araby 's last fake eyelash . 
 araby 's hair shimmered purple , and she smiled the slow , sad smile that she did n't know was alluring . 
 she had no idea of the effect she had on boys , and that was , april suspected , part of the attraction . 
 april had always been too self-aware . 
 probably her mother 's fault . 
 not that the self-awareness made her unattractive to boys . 
 it was just that she knew instinctively how they would respond to her and how it would turn out . 
 at seventeen she was jaded by romance . 
 watching araby 's wide-eyed surprise when boys flirted with her was both fascinating and heartbreaking . 
 araby had moved into the apartment across the hall nearly a year ago . 
 not only was she convenient , but she needed april . 
 though sometimes april wondered if araby would even notice if she disappeared . 
 `` i 'll mix up something that 'll make you forget that the plague ever happened , '' the bartender said . 
 april ignored him . 
 he was always saying things like that , and his drinks were n't that good . 
 elliott was supposed to have met her here an hour ago . 
 she was trying not to worry about him , but he did n't make it easy ; lately , he was usually doing something dangerous . 
 a boy with blue eyelids caught her attention from across the room , raising his eyebrows when she met his eyes . 
 she liked that he did n't smile . 
 his pout was alluring . 
 he waved and she saw a tattoo on his palm . 
 it reminded her of something , but she could n't think of what . 
 she tilted her head coyly and when she glanced up from under her eyelashes , he was threading his way through the crowd toward her . 
 when he approached he handed her a tall glass , and gave another to araby . 
 april threw hers back in one long drink . 
 he put his hands on her shoulders . 
 and then he was kissing her . 
 and she did n't have to think about anything at all for a while . 
 yet even a sultry boy with blue eyelids could n't keep her worry for elliott at bay forever . 
 eventually she pulled away , and without another word , the boy slipped into the crowd . 
 `` how disappointing , '' she muttered . 
 the bartender slid another drink across the bar , but she ignored it . 
 `` has my brother arrived ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i think he 's upstairs , '' the bartender said . 
 `` i delivered some wine to the game room , and he was there , playing chess . '' 
 `` finally . '' 
 but she was irritated , and her annoyance grew as she climbed the stairs . 
 he must have passed her to go to the game room . 
 why was he so inconsiderate ? 
 and where had araby gone off to ? 
 the way that will , the tattooed doorman uncle prospero had hired away from the morgue , watched her , april wondered if araby was finally breaking that silly vow of hers . 
 the game room was filled with smoke . 
 elliott sat in the center of the room , in front of a low table , toying with a pawn . 
 the young man across from him had hair that was either very dusty , or a shade of brown so nondescript that it appeared colorless . 
 when he saw april approaching , the boy flushed and stood . 
 `` i 'll talk to you tomorrow , '' he said , and pulled a pair of goggles down over his eyes . 
 april , amused by the abruptness of his retreat , stood in front of him as he prepared to leave and gave him a slow , provocative smile . 
 the boy turned from pink to bright red . 
 `` do n't tease him , '' elliott admonished , gesturing to the chair the boy had just vacated . 
 by the time april had settled herself and arranged her artfully tattered skirts , the boy was gone . 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` you 'll give him a heart attack , '' elliott said in explanation , `` and i need him . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of distracting your friend , '' april said . 
 `` but have you seen mine ? 
 have you decided whether i 'm right about araby being exactly who we need ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but i look forward to it . '' 
 elliott leaned in then , and april knew whatever he was saying was important , but her head was swimming . 
 she put up her hand to stop him and rose from her chair . 
 `` later , elliott . 
 i need some air . '' 
 as she left the room , the edges of it began to blur . 
 she remembered a small courtyard somewhere within the labyrinth of the club ; if only she could find it . 
 but instead , turning a corner , she found the boy with the blue eyelids . 
 `` here . '' 
 he handed her a glass , and the tattoo flashed once more . 
 he led her to a velvet armchair and helped her sit . 
 `` it 's hot in here , is n't it ? '' 
 she asked him , trying hard to focus on his face . 
 she propped herself up and hacked at her skirts with a pair of nail scissors from her makeup bag , something she 'd done a dozen times at the club , reinventing the clothes that were mostly hand-me-downs from her mother . 
 she pressed the glass against her face , relishing the coolness of it , and then emptied the drink . 
 the last sounds she heard were the ice cubes tinkling against one another and then the beads at the entrance clinking together . 
 someone was carrying her out of the debauchery club , and she was n't drunk , certainly not ... but then she lost consciousness . 
 she woke on a low couch . 
 a man was standing over her , holding out a glass . 
 she felt woozy , but not hungover . 
 and she definitely was n't home . 
 this place was stark , with a low ceiling , a few gas bulbs . 
 it smelled earthy . 
 she did n't have her mask , but the man was n't wearing one . 
 perhaps the air was safe . 
 `` was i drugged ? '' 
 she asked , trying to make sense of what had happened . 
 `` it was the easiest way for my associate to apprehend you . '' 
 the man loomed over her . 
 his eyes were dark , his hair graying , and something about his demeanor said that he was used to being obeyed . 
 and he was wearing dark robes , like some sort of thief . 
 april looked up at him from under her lashes , stalling for time as her head cleared . 
 and then she ruined it all by saying , `` well , i would n't want my apprehension to be too inconvenient for you . '' 
 fear rushed in . 
 who was this man ? 
 why was she baiting him ? 
 `` it was surprisingly easy . '' 
 the man readjusted the scarf that was tied around his throat . 
 the way he stood seemed familiar . 
 `` you should drink this . 
 it will help . '' 
 he gave her the glass . 
 `` it 's only water . '' 
 april gulped it down , and held it back out toward him . 
 when he took it , she gasped . 
 they 'd had servants when she was a small child , but sometimes at night , if april was sick , her father was the one who brought her a glass of water . 
 he always kept one beside his bed . 
 drink this , it will help . 
 it could n't be . 
 she 'd watched her father die . 
 had seen uncle prospero standing over him , holding the knife . 
 she was having some sort of hallucination caused by the drugs . 
 his hand went back to the scarf . 
 when he dropped his hand , she could see the beginning of an ugly scar . 
 her father 's throat had been slashed . 
 the man-her father-saw the beginnings of belief on her face , and smiled . 
 `` you grew up to look like your mother , '' he said . 
 `` beautiful . '' 
 april tossed her hair . 
 it was what she did when anyone complimented her appearance . 
 behind her , someone coughed . 
 when she glanced back she saw a boy in manacles . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no one of importance . '' 
 `` i 've seen him before , '' she said , frowning at the boy 's spectacles . 
 his unremarkable brown hair . 
 `` with elliott . '' 
 she snapped her mouth shut . 
 do n't give information to your captor . 
 the shock , the drugs , her exhaustion were taking a toll . 
 she could n't trust this man , despite the memories that rushed in . 
 `` ah , '' her father said , and he sounded very sad . 
 `` i suppose you already know that your brother is a traitor . '' 
 `` a traitor ? 
 of what ? '' 
 she should n't have said anything . 
 `` decency . 
 he 's loyal to your uncle . '' 
 as far as april knew , elliott had n't spoken to prospero in over a year . 
 elliott gave her hope . 
 he had n't succumbed to prospero , but even if he had , she would n't have blamed him . 
 he 'd been a child and everyone had abandoned him . 
 if father had been alive all along , then he should have moved heaven and earth to save elliott from the prince . 
 he had no right to curl his lip when he spoke of her brother . 
 and yet , somehow the tides had turned . 
 elliott had escaped from their uncle , and here she was , alone with this stranger who used to be her father . 
 was elliott searching for her ? 
 what about araby ? 
 her mother ? 
 april scanned the room . 
 it was built from dull stone . 
 ugly . 
 the only windows were high on the wall , and the light that came through was muddy and thick . 
 they were underground . 
 a cellar ? 
 this room had several doors , but no staircase . 
 if it was a cellar , then the building above must be large . 
 she 'd have to leave this room to find a way up . 
 maybe she 'd even take the other boy . 
 he was important to her brother , after all . 
 she turned her attention to her father . 
 `` why are you wearing those robes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` have you been hiding in some sort of monastery ? 
 he laughed , but it was the boy in the corner who answered . 
 `` he 's the reverend malcontent . 
 the one who 's stirring up the city . '' 
 his voice went low and accusatory . 
 `` bombing churches . '' 
 april considered her father , wishing she had a fan , or something else to hide behind . 
 was he going to hurt her ? 
 was he like uncle prospero ? 
 would batting her eyelashes save her ? 
 `` well , those robes are not very becoming . '' 
 `` tell me about yourself , '' her long-lost father suggested , settling himself stiffly on the other side of the sofa . 
 what to tell ? 
 what not to tell ? 
 `` i belong to a club , '' april said slowly . 
 `` the one where your associate found me , in the debauchery district . 
 it 's a good place for ... making friends . 
 passing the time . 
 it 's where i go when i ca n't stand being home with mother anymore . '' 
 he must have cared for mother once . 
 should she tell him that his `` death '' had ruined her ? 
 that she could n't stomach the world created by the plague ? 
 that she 'd abandoned elliott half a decade ago and was barely a mother to april ? 
 and he 'd been alive the whole time and never contacted any of them . 
 a flash of anger flooded her . 
 he 'd abandoned them for what ? 
 wearing robes and masquerading as some sort of religious figure ? 
 bombing and burning ? 
 the city had had enough of that . 
 `` you 'll be with me when my army takes the city . '' 
 his eyes gleamed . 
 `` they have been through hell and back , but you will give them hope . '' 
 `` because i 'm so ... '' she glanced at the boy in the corner . 
 in the gray light his face was sickly pale . 
 for some reason , knowing that he was listening , she could n't bring herself to say the word `` pretty . '' 
 `` they 've been in the swamp , '' malcontent continued . 
 `` away from civilization . 
 and you represent everything the city can give them . '' 
 april had more than her share of experience with madness , but the mania in his eyes was more than she could stomach without shuddering . 
 was he simply seeing her as a pretty girl-some sort of prize-an incentive ? 
 why had he gone through the trouble of abducting her now ? 
 `` i spend my afternoons putting on fake eyelashes , '' she stuttered . 
 `` it 's a lengthy process that i 've mastered with a bit of practice . 
 sparkling eye shadow . 
 sequined dresses . '' 
 she launched into detail about the feathers she collected for her hair . 
 his posture never changed . 
 he nodded , and his eyes bored into her . 
 she forgot about the boy in the corner in her rush to appear unthreatening and simple . 
 `` lovely , '' malcontent said , standing . 
 `` i was right to save you . 
 you will be very useful . 
 so , i ca n't have you disappearing , little peacock . 
 i 'm going to lock this door behind me . 
 if you need anything , you can ask the guard . '' 
 april held her breath until he was gone . 
 she should have begged him to take her with him , but any effort to escape would have just alerted him that she was n't as stupid as she had pretended . 
 and with her exhaustion and woozy head , she was n't going to be winning any prizes for alertness or intelligence . 
 she leaned back , glad she was on the sofa . 
 `` so you 're malcontent 's little peacock now . '' 
 she jumped . 
 for a moment she had completely forgotten about the boy who was chained to the wall . 
 `` i suppose i am . '' 
 she 'd been called much worse than a peacock . 
 she stifled a yawn . 
 `` what did you do to draw his interest ? '' 
 `` i 'm an inventor , '' he said . 
 she peered over the back of the couch . 
 `` did he want you to invent something ? 
 or does he just want an inventor to shackle to the wall ? '' 
 she asked , thinking of her uncle 's dungeon full of scientists . 
 `` he wants me to destroy something , '' the boy said darkly . 
 `` to build a bomb for him . 
 but i wo n't . '' 
 his voice had quivered before when he 'd spoken of malcontent 's bombings . 
 what did he know of such horrors ? 
 `` that 's good , '' she said . 
 `` i admire a touch of rebelliousness . '' 
 she tossed her hair over her shoulders . 
 `` i know what you admire . 
 i saw the boy who brought you here . '' 
 was he jealous ? 
 or just angry ? 
 at the club he 'd blushed when she looked at him , and elliott had suggested that she intimidated him . 
 apparently being chained to the wall had loosened his tongue . 
 `` he was pretty , was n't he ? '' 
 april kept her voice steady , her eyes trained on the inventor . 
 he was completely still , knees pulled up to his chest . 
 with the manacle around his wrist he did n't have much freedom to move . 
 he raised his chin , as if giving her permission to scrutinize him . 
 it was the sort of thing she might do . 
 except she would lower her chin a bit , close her eyes for a moment so her lashes would flutter delicately , turn so that he could see her excellent profile . 
 since he was giving permission , she did n't hide her interest . 
 high cheekbones . 
 thin lips . 
 nothing seemed terribly wrong with him , but she could n't tell anything about his eyes through the goggles . 
 `` why do n't you wear regular spectacles ? '' 
 she asked . 
 their eyes locked for a moment . 
 but it held no magic because the goggles looked so ridiculous . 
 `` i was working when malcontent 's men grabbed me . 
 when i work i look down a lot , tinkering with parts . 
 eyeglasses in frames tend to fall off , and to break . 
 the lenses that i require to see are quite heavy . '' 
 he pushed his hair back , but it just flopped into the same place , partially covering his magnified eyes . 
 `` they look it , '' she said . 
 they were also surprisingly good at making him appear homely . 
 what if he was actually handsome underneath ? 
 it was much more exciting to be imprisoned with a secretly handsome boy . 
 `` the strap messes up your hair , '' she observed . 
 but it was nice hair . 
 slightly curly . 
 he shook his head from side to side , his lips twisting in amusement . 
 the movement made the distortion of his eyes even worse , and suddenly it was impossible for her to imagine him as devilishly handsome underneath a disguise . 
 what if he was scarred , or if his eyes were terribly squinty ? 
 what if he was cross-eyed ? 
 at least his teeth looked normal . 
 april had a horror of boys with bad teeth . 
 she put one hand to her aching head . 
 why on earth would someone dedicate themselves to inventing things , anyway ? 
 if she had n't found lipstick and the debauchery club , would she have taken up invention as a hobby ? 
 `` are there any girl inventors ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if you 're looking for a pastime , '' he said , `` then you should probably take up something a little simpler . '' 
 did he think that was the sort of thing that would hurt her feelings ? 
 `` i was n't looking for a hobby . '' 
 april turned her back to him , settling on the sofa . 
 but the silence was unpleasant , so she added , `` i just wondered if there were girls who invented things . 
 a clever girl could be good at it . '' 
 `` as if i would tell you . 
 every inventor i know is already in hiding . 
 a female would be even more at risk . '' 
 `` ah yes , more at risk than you or me ? 
 we 've been captured by a crazy man , if you have n't noticed . '' 
 `` i noticed . 
 and i saw the damage that he did , the other night . 
 i was out with elliott , surveying it . 
 he may be your father , but he 's not a nice person . '' 
 `` many of my relatives are n't . '' 
 prospero was at the top of that list . 
 `` i 'm not likely to trust him . '' 
 `` that 's the most intelligent thing i 've heard you say . '' 
 as if their relationship had been long enough for him to hear her say anything of consequence . 
 `` well then , i do n't think your inventor girlfriend 's hypothetical peril is nearly as great as ours . '' 
 april peered over the back of the sofa . 
 the wall behind him was made of bricks that had been plastered over . 
 would they hold some clue to their location ? 
 perhaps they could pry some bricks from the wall and discover ... something . 
 `` i do n't have an inventor girlfriend . '' 
 `` so you say . '' 
 he shook his head angrily . 
 but she 'd finally captured his attention , so she pushed on . 
 `` i 'm not interested in stealing her inventions . '' 
 she could hear something rhythmic . 
 maybe they were close to the sea , or beneath a factory . 
 `` good , because she 's fictitious . '' 
 april edged herself around to the side of the couch . 
 he was still staring at her , his expression suggesting that she was extremely stupid . 
 `` i could unlock that manacle on your arm , '' she said . 
 `` if i wanted . 
 for your information , my education is every bit as good as elliot 's . '' 
 `` except that elliott does n't know how to apply fake eyelashes , '' he said . 
 exhaustion made her clumsy , so she did n't sweep across the room as elegantly as she would have liked . 
 but still , she felt sure that she had been more graceful than some girl inventor would have been . 
 `` listen , '' she said , `` and tell me what you hear . '' 
 she pulled two pins from her hair . 
 `` i 'm sure your inventor girlfriend has many interesting ways to use hairpins , '' she said as she worked to angle the pin just right . 
 `` they probably hold all of her inventions together . '' 
 `` undoubtedly . '' 
 he met her gaze squarely . 
 what had elliott been thinking when he said that she would intimidate him ? 
 being so close to him made her feel suddenly uncomfortable . 
 and that in itself was strange . 
 had n't she just been kissing a boy earlier tonight ? 
 a cuter boy than this ... . 
 the lock snapped open . 
 `` i think the sound is water , '' he said . 
 `` the harbor ? '' 
 his wrist dropped to his lap . 
 he massaged it but made no other move . 
 the silence between them stretched . 
 she stood and smoothed her dress . 
 `` good luck escaping . 
 and staying free once you 've escaped . 
 inventors are very high in demand , i 've heard . 
 male or female . '' 
 `` in demand ? '' 
 his tone was incredulous . 
 `` from malcontent , obviously . 
 and prospero , always . '' 
 `` oh , i know all about prospero . '' 
 april whirled on him , recognition flashing through her mind . 
 `` you were the boy elliott dropped the hammer on ! '' 
 `` that is n't important . 
 malcontent 's men are diseased . 
 they 've been scraping out an existence in the swamp , like animals . 
 he sees the city-and you-and probably all of your pretty friends as some sort of prize for them . '' 
 there was no use telling him that she 'd already worked that out . 
 or that she only had one friend , who was pretty but not as pretty as april herself . 
 `` and you 're regaling him with the difficulties of adhering sparkles to your fake eyelashes . '' 
 he did n't try to hide his disgust . 
 april went very still . 
 `` would you rather i told him how easily i can pick a lock with a hairpin ? 
 and that once i escape , i 'm going to send my brother , who is trained in the art of torture , back down here , and that elliott will kill him very slowly ? 
 that i 'm counting the hours until the two of us can stand together and watch him die a second time ? '' 
 doom kent almost could n't believe how he 'd gotten stuck in the center of so many different webs . 
 keeper of secrets , inventor of marvels . 
 prisoner of a mad man . 
 and now with a beautiful girl before him , coldly furious . 
 when he was a child all he had were sounds and impressions . 
 the ticking of the clock above his bed . 
 the voices that proclaimed him practically blind . 
 and his mother , who smelled of softness and tea cakes with sugary icing . 
 the gears of the clock , the same one that had kept him company for years , were the first thing he saw clearly . 
 his father strapped the corrective lenses around his face , and for the first time he could make sense of the shapes around him . 
 looking up he saw the copper gears , the cogs endlessly turning . 
 his mother was already gone , an early victim of the plague , and he passed her portrait every day when he descended the stairway of their home . 
 his father may as well have died of the plague or have been a still portrait on the wall . 
 he gave kent the glasses and then disappeared into a workshop behind the house . 
 it had been a kitchen once , large enough to serve their mansion in a time when people entertained lavishly . 
 he tried to join his father , curious what he was doing that required such complete secrecy , but the door was bolted shut . 
 whenever he tried the handle his father 's eyes appeared at the window and he gestured for kent to move on . 
 they still had servants , an elderly manservant and a woman who had once been a housekeeper . 
 they had n't been paid since before the plague , but they still lived in the house . 
 they had been asked to keep track of him during the day while his father toiled in the workshop . 
 but they mostly disappeared into various unused rooms of the house , while kent roamed the streets . 
 eventually he had wandered into a clockmaker 's shop on a hot afternoon , intrigued by the sounds . 
 when he entered the dark storefront , he grew even more fascinated by the tiny tools and clock parts that lay haphazardly on the counter . 
 the clockmaker took kent for an orphan , and offered to take him as an apprentice . 
 in the clockmaker 's service kent continued to comb the streets , searching the pockets of the living or the dead , taking watches for their parts . 
 looking for metal objects that could be melted down . 
 in the evenings the clockmaker taught kent his craft . 
 with something to occupy him , often he did n't even go home , just slept in the back of the shop . 
 perhaps his father missed him , but since the old man had n't spoken more than a few words to him in the past year , he doubted it . 
 the clockmaker was constantly drawing plans . 
 something big . 
 something secret . 
 it did n't seem like a clock . 
 kent had a bad feeling about whatever it was , even as it consumed his thoughts . 
 he was eleven years old and uncommonly clever . 
 and his fears were confirmed on the day the soldiers burst into the shop , breaking a precious grandfather clock , spilling gears that kent had worked months to collect across the floor like so much refuse . 
 prospero 's soldiers were brutal and efficient . 
 they took kent and the clockmaker to the palace , at the edge of the swamp . 
 kent had trembled the whole carriage ride and the entire endless walk down the aisle between prospero 's courtiers and the stage . 
 but then prospero had smiled , and given him a treat , and kent had relaxed . 
 perhaps prospero 's cruelty was just a story told on the streets . 
 that was the last time kent had ever let himself think something so stupid . 
 yet somehow they had survived . 
 prospero had let the clockmaker live , though he 'd never be the same . 
 when they returned to the city , he did n't go home immediately . 
 he 'd stayed with the clockmaker . 
 fever raged through the man . 
 kent sat beside him , giving him sips of cool water . 
 helping , but also memorizing every detail that he muttered in his fever-induced dreams . 
 the secrets that he had n't divulged while he was being tortured poured out of him . 
 two weeks later , the clockmaker finally on the path to recovery , kent stumbled home . 
 a candle lit the front window , but the housekeeper met him at the door , her expression grim . 
 his father was dead . 
 whether of a heart attack , or grief because he 'd heard his son had been taken by prospero , no one could say . 
 kent staggered to his father 's workshop , dazed . 
 finally , he would see what was inside . 
 no clockwork . 
 no explosives . 
 no obvious weapons . 
 but on the table in the center of the room he found a trunk . 
 inside , wrapped in velvet , were lenses . 
 dozens of lenses . 
 for spectacles . 
 goggles . 
 all of them for him . 
 at the bottom of the trunk was a letter . 
 it read simply , it is bad enough , bringing a child into the world that has become riddled with plague . 
 i wo n't have my boy saddled with blindness as well . 
 be careful of these . 
 do not keep them all in the same place , for our city is prone to disaster and fire . 
 searching the workshop , and then the house , kent found dozens more lenses . 
 all wrapped in velvet . 
 his father 's lifework had been dedicated to improving kent 's future , though he had never shown kent affection . 
 the boy vowed not to become that cold and disconnected from life . 
 and yet , inventing allowed him to forget his grief and loneliness . 
 eventually it consumed all of his waking hours . 
 the workshop where his father had spent his days became his sanctuary . 
 and as the years passed , his inventions veered away from clockwork into steam engines and airships . 
 he reconnected with the blond-haired boy who had spared him that day in the palace , the prince 's nephew . 
 it had taken kent some months to trust him . 
 even though elliott had helped in getting them out of the palace , kent feared he could still have some loyalty to prospero , and would steal his inventions or turn him over . 
 but elliott had given him money , supplied parts , and wanted nothing to do with prospero . 
 he seemed to genuinely care about the city . 
 lately he had begun making inquiries about how to build the masks for the poor . 
 he 'd known that working with elliott was risky . 
 inventing was risky . 
 and he was right . 
 somehow he 'd ended up imprisoned again , by another madman . 
 this time , he was locked up with the most infuriating girl . 
 elliott 's sister , with her fake eyelashes and glitter smeared above her eyes . 
 kent could barely look at her . 
 people were dying in the city every day , and this girl wasted precious resources . 
 like air . 
 here she was , bantering with him about some imaginary girlfriend . 
 as if he had time for such things . 
 but then she told him , her voice steady and completely serious , how she planned to watch her father die under elliott 's sword . 
 `` you should 've been an actress , '' he said finally . 
 `` i know . '' 
 her voice was light again . 
 `` my mother trained me well . 
 too bad the plague closed all the theaters . '' 
 `` too bad , '' he repeated , trying to cover his sudden confusion . 
 she was the silliest and the most fearless person he had ever met . 
 the silence stretched between them . 
 `` so , we 're near the harbor , and i 've freed you from that manacle , '' she prompted . 
 `` are you going to escape ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said simply . 
 `` you should . 
 i 'd enjoy being rescued . '' 
 he gave her a smile that he hoped was apologetic . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he said . 
 `` the reverend wants me to set a bomb , but he did n't tell me where , or what he wants me to blow up . 
 i 'm far from the only person who can build explosives in the city , as we both know . 
 i have to figure out what he wants me to blow up , so i can tell elliott . 
 so we can subvert malcontent 's plans . '' 
 `` i understand , '' she said quietly . 
 `` but then , what a waste of a good hairpin . '' 
 and he could see that she understood everything . 
 that he 'd carefully balanced the danger to her against the many people who would die if malcontent had his way . 
 and he 'd chosen to stay because he could save the most lives this way . 
 he forced himself to stop thinking about the girl before him on the floor . 
 what did malcontent want him to blow up ? 
 what was he missing ? 
 `` i 'll have to put it back on if someone comes , but i do n't consider being able to do this a waste . '' 
 he stood , his muscles protesting after sitting for so long on the cold floor . 
 and he paced . 
 just a few nights ago , he 'd seen the damage from malcontent 's bombs . 
 he 'd seen a dead child , buried by the rubble , when elliott took him to examine what was left . 
 the traces of the bomb had been negligible . 
 but the despair of the residents of the apartment building behind the church had been overwhelming . 
 the sadness . 
 the expectations that someone would come along and change their miserable lives . 
 elliott had been perfect , reassuring , comforting . 
 kent had stood in the background , uncomfortable and mute . 
 but he could stop malcontent from setting another bomb . 
 if the madman wanted kent , cared enough to have kidnapped him , then he must want something huge . 
 an explosion that the city would remember . 
 unless it was simply because he 'd killed whoever made the last round of bombs . 
 his pacing was controlled ; he stepped softly so that any guards who were outside would n't hear the movements . 
 he went over the schematics for his fake bomb once again . 
 at the same time , he imagined the city as though he were looking down on it from above , from the magnificent airship that he 'd taken out on only a few fledgling flights . 
 he and elliott agreed that for the city to prosper , they had to find other people , had to make contact with other survivors of the plague . 
 and suddenly he knew where the bomb was to be set . 
 it was so simple ... the steamship . 
 the discovery . 
 elliott 's first great triumph , talking his uncle into this massive project . 
 and malcontent wanted to ruin everything . 
 kent did n't care if malcontent and prospero brought each other down . 
 he did care about innocent lives . 
 he sighed . 
 figuring out where the bomb was to be set was n't enough . 
 he 'd have to stay . 
 he could build a fake bomb . 
 if he left the reverend would get a real one . 
 `` i know where he wants to plant the bomb , '' he told april , who was watching him from the couch . 
 `` if somehow you do escape , or he lets you go , tell elliott . '' 
 with his finger he sketched the schematics on the floor . 
 it left no mark , but he 'd remember . 
 just going through the motions of drawing helped him figure out the design . 
 he 'd need clockwork and wires and assorted parts . 
 his bomb would be very convincing , so that the reverend would n't discover it was fake until it was too late . 
 footsteps sounded in the corridor outside . 
 `` quick , go back to your corner , '' april said . 
 kent scurried over to the wall . 
 putting his wrist back in the manacle took all of his will power . 
 but before he closed the lock a servant came in with food . 
 the man gave april a long , considering look before putting down the tray , but he did n't even glance kent 's way before he left . 
 kent let the manacle drop back down to the floor . 
 `` malcontent-your father-could have found another pretty girl . 
 any pretty girl . '' 
 he stopped , feeling his face flushing . 
 `` i 'm not saying there are girls who are prettier than you . '' 
 `` no , you 're much smarter than that , '' she said . 
 but the retort had no energy . 
 she looked away and tucked a stray hair behind her ear . 
 the makeup had mostly worn off her face , but to kent , she still shone . 
 `` elliott would understand . 
 you were n't raised in the palace . 
 i 've been in this family long enough to know that it will mean more when my father sacrifices me . 
 it will show complete devotion to his cause . '' 
 she sat on the couch and stared at the tray of food . 
 the way she was sitting , he forced himself to look away , though he did n't really want to . 
 she did n't wear enough clothing . 
 it was scandalous . 
 `` why did n't you try to escape when the door was open ? '' 
 `` maybe i can learn something useful , too '' she said . 
 `` for elliott 's cause . '' 
 `` no . 
 if you get the chance , you go , '' kent told her . 
 `` i 'll stay . 
 i 'll learn everything . 
 i 'll tell elliott . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 her voice went up half an octave . 
 `` how 're you going to learn any secrets ? 
 you do n't even have any eyelashes to bat . 
 at least not as far as i can tell . 
 come closer . '' 
 she beckoned . 
 instead he stayed where he was . 
 `` i burned them off during an experiment , '' he said , resisting the urge to reach up and touch his eyelids . 
 the accident had been months ago . 
 had the lashes grown back in ? 
 he could n't remember and had n't checked . 
 it seemed like they should ... . 
 he shook his head , dispelling whatever madness she had planted there . 
 `` there are ways to get information without batting eyelashes , '' he said . 
 `` listening . 
 observation . 
 logic . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that all works very well for you . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` now let me see your eyes . '' 
 he shook his head , but he did n't know whether he was answering her or marveling at her . 
 she had lived in prospero 's court , and survived . 
 she knew how to enjoy life , in a city where everyone else had lifeless eyes . 
 she could teach him things . 
 and that frightened him . 
 `` if i can see you , then you can see my eyes , '' he said , hedging . 
 `` through those awful lenses . '' 
 she would hate the green lenses he used when he was welding . 
 his lips quirked slightly and she took that for encouragement , standing and coming toward him . 
 before he knew it , she 'd cornered him . 
 he sprang to his feet and she reached up , but he caught her wrist . 
 `` stop . '' 
 it came out more forcefully than either of them expected , and her face fell . 
 as if he 'd called her ugly . 
 would she understand what it was like to be nearly blind ? 
 to be vulnerable ? 
 did she know how precious these lenses were ? 
 how impossible it would be to recreate them ? 
 he searched for the right words to tell her , but before he could find his voice , footsteps approached once more in the hallway . 
 april fled back across the room , perching at the edge of the couch . 
 resigned , he placed the manacle around his wrist , though he hid his wrist in his lap , waiting to fasten it until he saw who came through the door . 
 if it was the servant again ... leering at april ... but it was the reverend himself . 
 he was followed by two servants . 
 kent clicked the manacle closed . 
 barely moments later the reverend gestured to one of the servants , who crossed the room and unlocked it . 
 the man was obviously contagious , with a weeping sore on his arm . 
 kent stared at it , fascinated by the purple of the bruise , the green infection . 
 it was terrible . 
 and yet , he had to fight the urge to ask the man questions . 
 what were his symptoms ? 
 how long had he been ill ? 
 the other guards were also infected . 
 april was pressing her hands to her white mask , as if holding it against her face would make it more effective . 
 `` are you ready to create my explosion ? '' 
 malcontent asked . 
 `` i want it to be seen throughout the city . 
 an arc of fire and perhaps ... . '' 
 he smiled at kent , his grin feral and free of any mask . 
 `` perhaps a smokestack flying into the air . 
 i want to compete with my brother 's fireworks . '' 
 kent 's guess had been right , but he felt no pride . 
 not when the crazy man already assumed he 'd figured it out . 
 not when innocent people were sure to be killed . 
 `` i can build a bomb for you , '' kent said . 
 `` where shall we find the supplies ? '' 
 malcontent asked . 
 the question took kent aback . 
 `` you do n't have them ? '' 
 `` you 're the inventor , '' the reverend said . 
 `` take us to your workshop . 
 you can collect the parts there . '' 
 it was a demand . 
 he should have run away with april when he figured out where the bombs would go . 
 he did n't mind risking his own life , but his workshops were full of inventions that could save the lives of many , and malcontent would surely destroy anything kent did n't need for the bomb . 
 his mind raced . 
 there was the cellar workshop where elliott had been experimenting with designs for new masks . 
 he could n't risk those plans being lost . 
 he had nothing to create a fake bomb there anyway . 
 the room in the morgue was out of the question . 
 the walls were covered with his drawings . 
 flying machines . 
 he 'd given one to dr. worth some years ago . 
 asked the man , his hero , if he thought that men would ever fly . 
 his airship itself was on the roof of the morgue , hidden under a great strip of canvas . 
 he could not lead malcontent there . 
 he 'd slash the balloon to bits before he let malcontent or prospero close to it . 
 that left his father 's workshop . 
 he 'd abandoned the house years ago , but the detached kitchen still felt like ... home . 
 and many of his father 's tools were still there . 
 he sighed . 
 he had to lead them somewhere . 
 that was the place . 
 the guards held out dark cloaks . 
 april considered hers for a long time , but eventually pulled it over her scanty dress and her long legs . 
 kent put on his own , and even he could n't help wincing as something moist touched his forearm . 
 who had worn this cloak last ? 
 someone dripping with disease , no doubt . 
 they ascended to street level . 
 malcontent was followed by two of his men . 
 april was still with them , he saw her put her hand to her face , missing her protective mask . 
 she stayed as close to kent as she could . 
 he wished that he was a trained fighter , like elliott . 
 that he could truly protect her , or hold off these men so she could make a run for it . 
 kent led them down the wide avenue . 
 showing this madman his childhood home was an act of resignation . 
 or perhaps sacrifice . 
 he 'd never thought of himself as the type to sacrifice . 
 the trees in the backyard had multiplied and grown over the years and a willow nearly hid the door to the workshop . 
 his mother 's portrait in her gold frame admonished him from across the room as he stood on the threshold . 
 he was a fool . 
 most of his father 's lenses were stored inside this one lab . 
 he 'd been too busy , too focused on his inventions to follow his father 's last request . 
 he opened the chest and gazed down at them all . 
 malcontent would never agree to bring them . 
 and he 'd destroy everything in his wake . 
 kent let the lid fall closed again . 
 he gathered supplies quickly . 
 malcontent 's guards stayed so close that whenever he moved he bumped into one of them . 
 one held a bag for him to drop supplies into . 
 the other had a gun . 
 malcontent divided his own attention between kent and april . 
 as she moved gracefully through the room , touching his things , kent wondered what she was thinking . 
 finally , he picked up a pair of spectacles from one of the tables . 
 the guard held out the bag of supplies , but kent ignored him , placing the glasses atop his head . 
 at least he 'd have one extra pair . 
 `` there are other things here that might be useful , '' he said to malcontent . 
 `` to you , '' the reverend said softly , ushering them out . 
 `` i doubt that they would be useful to me . 
 if you can make a bomb for me , you can certainly make one to fight me . 
 but if you ca n't see to do it ... well , then i do n't have to kill you . '' 
 malcontent nodded to the guard . 
 kent did n't watch . 
 april was biting her lip . 
 he smelled the smoke , but did n't want to see his father 's work and sacrifice burning , so he walked without looking back . 
 in an underground room-not the one where they 'd been imprisoned , but a different room with a table and a window that had been boarded over-kent toiled over his fake bomb , barely sleeping . 
 often malcontent stood over him . 
 the man knew more about explosives than kent would have liked , always asking questions , always suspicious . 
 april was gone . 
 he did n't ask where they 'd put her . 
 thinking about it distracted him . 
 finally , days later , kent sat , crouched over a last bit of wiring . 
 someone entered the room , but he did n't look up . 
 `` this is lovely , '' the reverend said , examining the ticking contraption that kent had put together . 
 kent tried to read his expression , but at that moment the glow of the lantern caught the edge of the lens of his glasses and blinded him . 
 did malcontent really believe this would explode ? 
 kent pulled his goggles over his head , tucking them carefully into his pocket and replacing them with the metal wire spectacles he 'd taken before malcontent burned his father 's laboratory . 
 `` if you are finished . '' 
 the madman gestured toward the doorway . 
 a guard ushered kent back to the room where he 'd first been imprisoned . 
 april was sitting on the couch . 
 `` what happened to your grand escape plan ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` apparently elliott has gone to prospero 's palace looking for me . 
 father keeps taunting me with it . 
 why make the effort when there 's nothing to escape to ? 
 and while you 've been tinkering , i 've been busy spying . '' 
 kent felt chilled . 
 he had n't exactly been counting on elliott to come rescue him , but he 'd hoped that someone would come for april . 
 `` he has men , dozens , and he 's moving them into the city using the tunnels , '' she whispered . 
 `` this is important . 
 we have to tell elliott , though if uncle has him ... '' she looked more despondent than he 'd ever seen her . 
 but then she shook herself . 
 `` malcontent goes out at night , and takes most of the men with him . 
 i 've been such an easy prisoner , they wo n't expect trouble . 
 we leave tonight . '' 
 kent nodded and then collapsed , exhausted , against the wall . 
 april woke him some hours later . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he followed her , still groggy . 
 `` father always looks to the left when he approaches the corridor . 
 something there makes him uneasy . 
 we should go in that direction . '' 
 the guard outside their door was half asleep , and did n't expect to be attacked . 
 kent hit him twice . 
 he was n't a fighter but he 'd studied human anatomy enough to know where to hit a man to do the most damage . 
 he dragged the guard across the room and closed the manacle around his wrist . 
 `` nicely done , '' april commented . 
 he felt himself flushing . 
 once in the corridor he was lost , but april led him without hesitation to a set of steps , to street level . 
 they had to hide from one of malcontent 's patrols , squatting behind some refuse bins , but finally , as the sun rose , they were on the sidewalk , headed to the upper city . 
 once they 'd crossed the river they stopped in front of a ruined cathedral . 
 `` i 'm sorry they burned your laboratory , '' april said . 
 kent felt a twinge at the loss of his mother 's portrait and all those precious lenses . 
 but he was here , alive , walking beside this clever , fearless girl who had rescued him from malcontent 's lair . 
 the rising sun illuminated the ruin before them , the blackened stone stark against the sky . 
 `` what a waste , '' april said softly . 
 `` it was so beautiful once . '' 
 `` i do n't think i see beauty like other people , '' kent admitted . 
 the look she shot him was oddly vulnerable . 
 he wanted to explain that he thought she was wonderful , but not because of her golden hair , not because of the sparkly eye makeup . 
 he wondered if she would believe him . 
 if she would care . 
 `` i have to go to my mother , '' she said . 
 `` elliott has apartments in both the university and the debauchery club . 
 i do n't know where he 'll be ... or if he 'll return . 
 but mother will be afraid . '' 
 they walked toward the akkadian towers . 
 `` he 'll return , '' kent said with more certainty than he felt . 
 he 'd been to prospero 's castle once , after all . 
 `` we 'll both tell him everything we 've learned . 
 the device i built wo n't explode , but he 'll still want to be careful . '' 
 she grabbed his arm . 
 `` i 'll tell him everything i heard , '' she said . 
 `` but i 've changed my mind about malcontent . 
 i do n't want to watch elliott eviscerate him . 
 i want to keep elliott away from him . '' 
 `` once elliott knows - '' `` exactly . 
 he ca n't know . 
 not yet . 
 i do n't know why our father hates him so , but he wants to kill elliott . 
 i ca n't lose him , kent . '' 
 april 's eyes were wide , and uncharacteristically unguarded . 
 `` i 'll tell him everything but malcontent 's identity then . '' 
 he wondered , as he said it , if he was making a mistake . 
 `` i 'll see you again , '' she said . 
 it was n't a question . 
 and then she was gone , through a side door , into the tower . 
 kent went back to the basement lab that elliott had procured . 
 he was close to recreating the design of the protective masks . 
 and after days of making a bomb for malcontent-even a fake one-he needed to do something to help others . 
 he 'd been working without much rest when elliott arrived , panicked , with the scientist 's daughter . 
 they 'd escaped from prospero , but the girl had been poisoned . 
 kent worked frantically , trying to calm elliott at the same time . 
 he was painfully aware of his lack of sleep . 
 that his brain was fuzzy . 
 but he did it . 
 at last , the girl 's fever broke and her breathing eased . 
 `` thank you , '' elliott said , grasping kent 's hand . 
 `` we need her if we 're going to succeed in his venture . '' 
 and then he handed over the exact plans for the masks , with all the blanks kent had been trying to fill already filled in for him . 
 the girl had stolen them from her father . 
 `` wait . 
 prospero 's no longer our biggest concern . '' 
 he told elliott of malcontent 's plan to target the steamship , but that he , kent , had built a fake bomb . 
 elliott took it in , growing more rigid with every passing minute . 
 finally he nodded , scooped dr. worth 's daughter up , and swept from the room . 
 not until he was gone did kent realize he had n't mentioned april . 
 elliott was going back to the tower ; he 'd find her , and kent 's part in her story would be over . 
 but once again , kent was wrong . 
 two days later one of elliott 's men came with a message . 
 kent read it carefully . 
 the plans were a variation of what he 'd discussed with elliott multiple times . 
 the launch would go as planned that night . 
 their own rebel soldiers would be posted , just in case . 
 elliott would play his part , leaving on the steamship , and kent would follow on the airship and pick him up , returning to the city to start the revolution . 
 but now april was going on the ship with elliott . 
 kent told himself that they knew all the risks . 
 they knew malcontent was targeting the launch and they 'd be vigilant . 
 he closed up the mask workshop for now and walked across town to the morgue , where he 'd wait until it was time for his move . 
 the morgue was already full of people looking for oblivion . 
 he ignored them and locked himself in the spare room he 'd rented . 
 for a full half-hour he sat on the floor looking at all of his drawings . 
 the flying machines that he 'd imagined since he was a boy . 
 and then he went to the roof . 
 the balloon that marked the debauchery district was his . 
 though it 'd been manufactured before the plague , he 'd modified it , and used it to make calculations needed for his greatest flying device , his steam-powered airship . 
 as kent moved away from the edge , will materialized , the way he sometimes did . 
 he was too graceful for his own good . 
 `` araby is going on the ship with prospero 's nephew , '' he told kent . 
 will 's voice , when he said her name , sounded desperate and sad and thrilled , all at the same time . 
 kent understood how his friend felt . 
 and yet , elliott had been frantic when she 'd been poisoned . 
 this was not going to go smoothly . 
 he 'd never seen elliott show such emotion , and will ... he never asked for much , never wanted anything for himself . 
 he deserved to fall in love with a girl whose heart was n't divided . 
 `` i want to take her up in the balloon , '' will continued . 
 `` she has to see that there are good things here ... before it 's too late . '' 
 kent agreed , reluctantly , to keep watch while they went up and then to pull it back down . 
 will disappeared down the stairs , off to fetch the scientist 's daughter . 
 when he returned , pulling araby along with him , his cheeks were flushed , and kent suspected he 'd had a drink or two along the way . 
 and the girl ... kent did n't know what to think . 
 he watched will help her into the basket , let the balloon ascend . 
 her father was his hero . 
 but the glittering eye makeup that she wore made him think only of shimmering blonde hair and an evil laugh . 
 it had been obvious when april had stopped in front of him in the game room of the debauchery club that she knew the effect she had on boys . 
 he just had n't expected to succumb . 
 the wind whipped around him , and he steadied the balloon . 
 when he looked up will was kissing araby as if the world would end if they stopped . 
 he looked away and checked his watch . 
 two more minutes and he had to start bringing them down or araby would n't make the boat . 
 he was turning the crank to lower the balloon when the fireworks began . 
 an impressive display . 
 `` seems the celebration is starting early , '' kent said as the basket of the balloon bumped the roof . 
 `` his majesty must have discovered that some religious zealots were planning to ruin his party . '' 
 looking out over the city they could see the crowd parting for a group of soldiers . 
 `` the prince is arriving now , '' will said . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 if there 's any hint of danger he 'll stay way . '' 
 kent frowned and glanced back at the tarp covering his airship . 
 `` i should be down there , '' araby said . 
 `` if you 're going , you 'd better hurry . '' 
 kent looked over at her . 
 `` elliott is expecting you . '' 
 `` there 's no way we can make it . 
 the harbor is too far - '' will began , but kent cut him off . 
 `` take elliott 's steam carriage . '' 
 he ran his hands over the straps of the basket , inspecting them . 
 `` as long as you ask the guard to bring it back . 
 he left it with me so i could procure supplies for our project . '' 
 and araby dragged will to the stairs . 
 kent finished inspecting the balloon and basket and brushed his hands on his jacket . 
 now he had to wait for the guard to return with the carriage . 
 he 'd never been so impatient . 
 he kept thinking about that kiss he should n't have seen . 
 and about april . 
 could he see her one more time before the ship launched and the world changed ? 
 why had he let will take the blasted steam carriage ? 
 luckily he had one of elliott 's tokens , a gold coin with the symbol of an eye . 
 he flew down the stairs and hailed a nearby soldier with an eye embroidered on his coat who drove him in another carriage to the pier . 
 he saw araby 's purple-tinted hair , but he could n't make his way to them , there were so many people . 
 he 'd never seen such a crush . 
 a few entrepreneurs were selling items . 
 seeing the excitement on the faces around him gave him hope for the future . 
 then a girl collapsed , convulsing . 
 kent was too far away to reach her , but as the crowd surged back , he saw april across the pier . 
 she was wearing a red dress . 
 he pushed through the crowd , ignoring the curses and insults that followed him . 
 she was fighting her way toward the gangplank , but there were just too many people , and despite her fierceness , she was slight , and the crowd was suspicious now . 
 he ignored the dark looks of the revelers , focused only on making his way to her . 
 as he closed the distance between them , he realized that he did n't know what to say . 
 but he did know the moment that she saw him . 
 her face lit up . 
 `` you are n't on the discovery , '' she said . 
 `` i was never meant to be . '' 
 `` we have to get to elliott . 
 something is going to happen . 
 the pier is crawling with malcontent 's men . '' 
 `` the bomb wo n't explode , '' he told her . 
 `` i told you - '' `` malcontent is n't stupid . '' 
 she pulled him on as they spoke , navigating the crowd . 
 `` and in case you had n't noticed , i 'm not either , '' she said , and she pulled something from her pocked and placed it in his hand . 
 he recognized it immediately . 
 a velvet bag , heavy with the weight of corrective lenses . 
 she must have pocketed it when they were in his father 's workshop . 
 `` not being able to see would be terrible . '' 
 she sounded serious for a moment , and then she tossed her hair . 
 `` you would n't be able to see how much more beautiful i am than anyone else . '' 
 he laughed . 
 they were almost to the gangplank . 
 `` hurry , '' she begged , all seriousness now . 
 `` malcontent is driven . 
 i 'm afraid that elliott is underestimating the danger . 
 malcontent 's men are watching the ship ... feverishly . 
 could they have fixed your bomb , or built a new one ? '' 
 `` that 's impossible , '' he said . 
 but was it ? 
 were there any other inventors in the city who 'd be able to see what he 'd done and correct it in a matter of days ? 
 a path cleared before them and kent took off . 
 `` no ! '' 
 april threw herself at his back and stopped him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he spun around , just as the world went up in flames . 
 the ship exploded . 
 april 's face was crushed into his vest . 
 he fell forward , his body protecting hers . 
 if she had n't grabbed him , if he 'd run those last few steps ... . 
 he could n't hear . 
 his shoulder was throbbing , probably burned , and the smoke stung his eyes . 
 april had saved his life . 
 he staggered back up to his feet and helped her to hers . 
 she reached up and pinched a strand of his hair . 
 `` it was on fire , '' she explained . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` will you go ... will you look for elliott ? '' 
 she grimaced and looked down . 
 could elliott have survived that blast ? 
 or did she mean elliott 's body ? 
 `` i have to find araby . 
 my father wants her . 
 i can still save her . '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 he meant about the blast . 
 `` malcontent 's men were all cowering down . 
 i knew something was about to happen . '' 
 she 'd spent a large part of her childhood watching the faces of the people around her . 
 but that did n't account for all of her perceptiveness . 
 `` you 're so fearless , '' he said , repeating the description that had first come to him as they escaped from malcontent . 
 they stood in the middle of the thinning crowd , both singed , staring at each other . 
 she broke the silence . 
 `` before you go , i 'm going to kiss you . '' 
 he reached up to take off his spectacles , but she put her hand over his . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said . 
 `` leave them on . '' 
 and then she wrapped her arms around his neck , and thoroughly kissed him . 
 it was over too quickly . 
 bits of ash were still falling from the sky . 
 the city was on fire , and if any of elliott 's grandiose plans were to be carried out , they had to find a way to fight through the madness . 
