 chapter one my father is a murderer . 
 above the smoldering city , the airship rocks violently . 
 the rain stings my face and cold gusts of wind threaten to dislodge me , but i ca n't look away from the destruction below . 
 from this vantage point , the city is simplified into rectangles and squares . 
 burning rectangles and shattered squares . 
 smoke pours from windows . 
 the cathedrals are skeletons , open to the rain . 
 kent , the one who built this amazing ship , stands at the wheel , fighting the wind that threatens to blow us off course . 
 we are escaping , to recover from the ambush that almost killed us , and from the onset of the red death , the horrific new plague . 
 `` you should go inside , '' kent shouts over the wind and rain . 
 i shake my head , shielding my face with my arm , and keep my eyes on the city . 
 the river , a ribbon of frothy blue , winds through the symmetry of the streets , everything in miniature from this height , even the destruction . 
 it reminds me of the model city that father built for my brother using toothpicks . 
 a man who would spend hours gluing tiny slivers of wood into round towers with his son could n't be the man who would destroy all of humanity , could he ? 
 not on purpose ... tears start at the corners of my eyes . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 elliott is right behind me . 
 i feel him , though he does n't touch me . 
 not yet . 
 i pull myself to a standing position , unwilling to let him see how afraid i am . 
 `` it 's cold without you . '' 
 his voice is ragged , and i imagine that if i turn , i might see into him for once , but the ship lurches and i ca n't do anything but hold on . 
 my knuckles are bone white against the railing as the ship is blown from side to side with each gust of wind . 
 my hair whips around us . 
 elliott touches the nape of my neck . 
 something between us has changed , but i 'm not sure what it means , not sure what i feel , besides this terrible pain at the thought of what my father may have done . 
 `` do you still love it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` this city ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he 's looking down , but i do n't think he 's seeing the bodies . 
 `` we 'll save it , '' he continues . 
 `` the city and the people . 
 but we have to save ourselves first . '' 
 our journey should be over soon . 
 kent is heading for the thickest part of the forest , between the city and prospero 's palace . 
 it 's far enough to be safe , but near enough that we can return quickly . 
 elliott runs his hands over my hair , trying to tame it . 
 it 's an impossible task , but the repetition is soothing , and part of me likes that he is so close . 
 a sudden fierce gust of wind drives the ship downward , and my stomach drops at our sharp descent . 
 kent yells something i ca n't decipher as he wrestles the controls . 
 when he has steadied us , the roofs of the tallest buildings are just below . 
 the highest is only a grid of rectangular beams . 
 others have furniture and potted trees . 
 boys stagger out across one of the most dilapidated rooftops , half a dozen of them , laughing and shoving . 
 when they see the airship , they stop , staring up at us and pointing . 
 one of them raises a bottle and salutes us , but then he stumbles and spills his drink . 
 all of them hold muskets , and some fire aimlessly toward the street . 
 then several of them fire up into the clouds . 
 `` damn it , '' elliott says . 
 `` we are far too close . '' 
 and the wind seems determined to push us closer . 
 the airship dips again . 
 i drag elliott toward the stern , still clutching the railing with one hand , until we are close enough to speak to kent . 
 he pushes his goggles up on top of his head , his brown hair sticking out wildly . 
 `` another half hour and we might have passed unnoticed , '' he says darkly . 
 after the sun went down , we would have been nearly invisible . 
 but not now . 
 kent 's hands move quickly , trying to take the ship up , but the storm keeps pushing us down . 
 he curses under his breath , and i steel myself for a crash . 
 the ship careens toward the closest building . 
 `` we have to go higher , '' elliott says . 
 a loud shout comes from the boys on the rooftop . 
 discarded bottles of wine litter the roof , as if these young men have emptied someone 's wine cellar . 
 we are close enough to see that their faces , lifted toward us , are suddenly hostile . 
 `` we pose no threat to them , '' i say , even as i grip elliott 's arm tighter . 
 `` i do n't think they care , '' kent says as one of the boys raises his musket and aims it right at us . 
 as the barrel swings my way , reality seems to waver for a moment . 
 or maybe it 's simply the way the world looks through the cold , driving rain . 
 how can we be shot down when we are only beginning ? 
 `` get down , '' kent yells over his shoulder , still fighting with the wheel of the ship . 
 gunfire cracks and elliott throws me to the deck , wrapping his arms around me . 
 will bolts out of the cabin . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 kent turns the wheel hard . 
 `` not my ship , '' he mutters . 
 `` not my beautiful ship . '' 
 the sky is almost completely dark now . 
 lightning flashes , and the boys whoop and shout and shoot their muskets wildly into the air . 
 april follows will out onto the deck , and as it lurches , she falls into me . 
 i put my arm out to brace her . 
 because despite nearly falling , she 's still trying to fix her hair . 
 `` we 're a hell of a target , '' elliott says to kent . 
 `` they 're drunk . 
 they wo n't be able to resist . 
 if we do n't get farther away , they 'll shoot us out of the sky , and there 's nothing we can do . '' 
 `` i 'm trying to turn the ship , '' kent retorts , `` but i only have so much control . 
 the wind is forcing us directly over them . '' 
 they 'll laugh as they fire at us , as our ship crashes and burns . 
 if there is an explosion , they will cheer . 
 because who cares about life when they could die any moment from the plague ? 
 i wonder if my brother would have grown up to be like them . 
 thoughtless and destructive . 
 father used to whisper that humanity did n't deserve saving . 
 he said it with tears in his eyes , but i never thought he meant it . 
 i know differently now . 
 `` april , bring me a musket , '' elliott says . 
 `` you 'll have to let go of araby . '' 
 she pushes herself up and steps back into the cabin , then emerges with two guns , one in each hand . 
 elliott climbs to his feet . 
 he smiles grimly as he takes a gun from april and aims . 
 now that he is n't holding me , the cold is shocking . 
 beyond elliott , will approaches the railing . 
 his coat is loose , and it flaps around him as the wind howls and propels us forward . 
 april steps up beside him and raises her own musket . 
 `` do n't shoot to kill , '' elliott says . 
 `` they 're just stupid drunk boys . '' 
 i stagger to my feet . 
 i wo n't hide while my friends face this danger . 
 one of the boys cocks his head and aims his gun directly at me . 
 elliott shoves me toward will , who staggers back , as if he 's afraid to touch me . 
 the gunman shifts , following me . 
 `` i changed my mind , '' elliott says . 
 `` kill him . '' 
 april and elliott fire their muskets simultaneously , and then we are directly over the building and blind to whatever is happening below . 
 i hold my breath . 
 the boys are shooting at us , the sound nearly lost in the storm . 
 april and elliott reload . 
 will finally moves to stand beside me , our shoulders just brushing . 
 the gash in my back from my escape through the tunnels begins to pulse . 
 `` we 'll be out of range soon , '' kent calls . 
 lightning crashes again , and thunder rolls through the sky . 
 the deck of the airship trembles with it . 
 as we clear the roof , i join elliott at the rail again . 
 despite an odd thrill at his protectiveness , if he or april shot one of those boys ... i steel myself , but no one looks wounded , and they seem to have lost interest in us . 
 instead , they have gathered in a circle . 
 `` you did n't hit anyone ? '' 
 elliott asks april . 
 he sounds surprised . 
 `` neither did you . '' 
 she lifts her gun , as if determined to rectify the situation , but she does n't shoot . 
 `` what are they doing now ? '' 
 kent asks . 
 the wind has shifted , blowing into his eyes . 
 he wipes the lenses of his goggles on his shirt , but as soon as he puts them back on , the lenses are covered with condensation . 
 `` i wish i knew , '' elliott says . 
 `` araby , go to the cabin . '' 
 i ignore him . 
 we all shift along the rail to keep them in view as the ship moves away . 
 sparks fly from the huddle of boys on the roof , frightfully bright in the gray of the storm . 
 they back away , revealing a rocket . 
 sitting harmless for a moment before it shoots up , trailing flame . 
 headed straight for us . 
 april aims , but before she pulls the trigger , the rocket loses momentum and spirals downward . 
 the boys howl with disappointment , and elliott , pushing his hair back from his face , laughs . 
 his cheeks are flushed . 
 `` they sound like kent when one of his inventions does n't work . '' 
 he 's still smiling when a musket shot cracks again from below . 
 the boy who fired stands alone at the edge of the roof . 
 `` impossible , '' april scoffs . 
 `` we 're too far away . '' 
 she waves her scarf at him , and he waves back , friendly enough . 
 `` nearly impossible , '' kent says through gritted teeth . 
 the wheel spins uncontrollably before him . 
 `` our steering mechanism has been hit . '' 
 the ship turns . 
 `` we 're completely at the mercy of the wind . '' 
 even now , kent 's voice is steady . 
 `` i heard shooting . '' 
 henry 's high-pitched voice carries perfectly . 
 he steps out of the cabin , pointing his finger as if it is a gun . 
 elise is right behind him . 
 i go to push them back inside , but will is ahead of me . 
 he takes henry by the hand , and all three disappear into the cabin . 
 `` araby , you 're bleeding again , '' april says , coming over to me . 
 `` this needs to be stitched right away . '' 
 she 's right . 
 the wound has reopened . 
 i can feel it now , soaking through my dress . 
 unlike the rain , it 's warm . 
 i 'm starting to sway , and it 's hard to say whether it 's from the motion of the airship or the loss of blood . 
 elliott lifts me off my feet , careful not to touch my wounded shoulder . 
 `` will we crash ? '' 
 he asks kent . 
 `` depends on the wind . 
 we wo n't make it to the forest , though . '' 
 we had planned to land there , just for a day or two , to recoup as we decided the best way to return to the city , to put things right . 
 `` how far can we get ? '' 
 the rain has plastered elliott 's fair hair back from his face . 
 kent shrugs , but above his goggles his brow is creased . 
 `` we 're headed straight for the swamp . '' 
 chapter two my father is a murderer . 
 my brother is dead , and my best friend is dying of the disease that my father may have created . 
 it 's a refrain that 's repeated over and over in my mind , through feverish dreams , and even now . 
 and yet ... my father is the gentlest man i know . 
 he saved us from the contagion . 
 i put my hand to the porcelain mask covering my face-my father 's greatest invention . 
 i blink several times because i do n't want to cry , though i 'm alone on the deck of the airship . 
 the crashed airship . 
 we 're tethered between the two tall chimneys of a stately manor house . 
 it must have been abandoned years ago , consumed by the expanding swamp . 
 from where i 'm leaning on the railing , i can see the gatehouse where carriages would have paused before bringing guests to a ball . 
 only its rotting gables make the structure at all recognizable , since the rest of it is cloaked by the tentacles of swamp plants . 
 in front of the gatehouse are two stone posts , topped with lions ' heads . 
 one has fallen and nearly disappeared into the murk . 
 the bog ripples around the other . 
 behind me , from the roof of the house , is the sound of hammering and an occasional muttered curse . 
 we were blown far off course , and eventually kent was able to rig the steering for long enough to land on this roof . 
 otherwise , we would have landed in the swamp . 
 he and elliott are making permanent repairs to the ship now . 
 we 've been here for two days , and i 've been asleep for most of that . 
 will did his best , but he is n't a physician , and i can feel the burn of the gash across my back . 
 each movement pulls the careful stitches that he used to close the wound . 
 we managed to get out of the city , but getting back wo n't be as easy as we had thought . 
 we 're trapped atop this sinking house , a decaying man-made island in the swamp . 
 yesterday i could still see smoke rising from the city , but today nothing is in the distance but green water , patches of swamp grass , and a few trees . 
 it looks calm , but that 's deceptive . 
 the swamp is filled with predators . 
 diseased men . 
 snakes . 
 crocodiles . 
 shading my eyes with my left hand to avoid pulling at my wounded shoulder , i watch insects land on the surface of shallow pools and reptiles slither this way and that . 
 though by foot we 're days away from civilization , kent and elliott are n't sure this house is safe from malcontent and his swamp dwellers . 
 the man who chased will and his siblings up the airship 's ladder as we launched is now our prisoner . 
 he was one of malcontent 's soldiers , and from him we 've learned more of malcontent 's nightmarish plot to spread the contagion through the city . 
 now there 's also the red death , a new disease that 's sweeping the city , killing much faster than the original plague . 
 i adjust my mask , running my thumb over the crack inside . 
 we have to get the ship repaired , and quickly . 
 we are in danger here , and we are n't accomplishing anything that will improve the state of the city . 
 since i ca n't do much else , i 've assigned myself the task of watching for anything out of the ordinary . 
 anything threatening . 
 but this study of my surroundings is n't enough to stop the refrain in my mind . 
 my father is a murderer . 
 my father might be a murderer . 
 i need to know the truth . 
 when i was five years old , i sat on my father 's shoulders to watch a parade . 
 mother had kept my twin brother , finn , at home to recover from some illness , so it was just the two of us . 
 as father lifted me above the crowd , i felt completely and absolutely safe . 
 when he placed me on his shoulders , i wobbled a bit and grabbed a handful of his hair to steady myself . 
 though he flinched when i pulled , he kept his hands on my knees . 
 the parade route was lined with children , and none of us wore masks . 
 we had no fear of the crowds , no concern that contagion would flit from person to person . 
 in that long-ago world , i was safe because my father was with me . 
 people watched the city streets expectantly , pressed close , straining forward . 
 the thought of so many exhaling bodies together now horrifies me . 
 it seems like someone else 's memory , less real than the dreams that fill the spaces when my thoughts fade ... dark dreams of murder and death . 
 only one person can dispel this never-ending doubt . 
 i have to find my father . 
 the hammering has stopped . 
 i grip the railing , ignoring the burn in my shoulder and watching the swamp , listening for footsteps crossing the deck of the airship . 
 elliott wo n't like that i 'm out of bed . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 i know the look i 'll see on his face , the concern , before i turn . 
 `` you 're bleeding again . 
 let me give you something for the pain . '' 
 my father used to mix sleeping drafts . 
 elliott prefers injections . 
 my arm is dotted with bruises . 
 the sun is directly overhead , and a bit of sweat trickles down my back . 
 the salt stings , but the pain is much deeper , nearly unbearable . 
 a mosquito lands on my shoulder , and i swat it away with a wince i ca n't repress . 
 elliott whispers , `` i wo n't let anything hurt you . '' 
 but i 've already been hurt . 
 when the steamship exploded and i thought he was dead . 
 when will took me below the city and betrayed me to a maniac . 
 when i found the pamphlet proclaiming that my father created the plague that destroyed our city . 
 and i survived it . 
 without the help of elliott 's silver syringe . 
 i step back , shaking my head . 
 now that i 'm healed enough to make the decision myself , i do n't want his `` help '' with the pain . 
 `` at least come into the cabin and rest , '' he says . 
 `` you need your strength . '' 
 he 's right ; i do . 
 even standing here for this short time has worn me out , and the railing is all that 's keeping me up . 
 when we return to the city , i have to be able to fight . 
 i have to search for my father . 
 april has the contagion , and if anyone can save her , father can . 
 so , for now , i let elliott take my hand and lead me toward the cabin . 
 i cast one last look over the swamp . 
 does something move out there ? 
 i stop , watching for even the tiniest ripple , but everything is still , and then elliott pulls me through the door and the main cabin of the airship , to the small sleeping chamber where the prisoner was held before will and elliott secured him someplace within the house . 
 i 'm still wearing my green party dress , though it 's inches shorter than it was when i put it on . 
 april cut away everything that was ruined during our escape , leaving me with something close to indecent . 
 one of the ragged edges catches on the doorframe , and there 's a rustle of paper from one of my pockets as the journal in it bumps against my leg . 
 father 's journal has traveled with me across the city and out of it , through ruin and fire and flood . 
 and i 'm grateful that no one has taken it from me . 
 whatever revelations are in this book , i want to know them first . 
 in private , not the middle of a crowd-the way i learned about father and the plague . 
 i never want to learn something so earth-shattering so publicly again . 
 and today is the first time i 've felt clear-headed enough to read it . 
 `` someone should watch the swamp , '' i say as i lie down . 
 `` malcontent 's men could be out there . '' 
 elliott pulls the blanket to my chin and pats my good shoulder . 
 he is n't listening , but i know he is n't blind to the danger we face from the swamp . 
 he 'll have someone on watch . 
 i keep my eyes closed until he shuts the door , and then i pull the journal from my pocket . 
 the pamphlet that calls my father a murderer sticks out from where i tucked it inside . 
 the journal 's paper is wavy from water damage , and it falls open to the first passage i ever read . 
 the ink is still clear . 
 everything is my fault . 
 my heart stutters . 
 but that is near the end , and i need to start from the beginning . 
 some of the pages stick together . 
 father is careful , though , and he 'd never use an ink that bled , not for his research . 
 i turn the page . 
 spent the morning showing finn how to use the microscope . 
 catherine dressed the twins in ridiculous matching outfits . 
 she wants us to have their portraits painted . 
 it 's amazing how alike they are . 
 i do n't blame her for wanting to capture this stage . 
 already we 've seen how fast they grow and change . 
 she does n't know that all of our savings have been spent . 
 the things she wants are reasonable . 
 but my research is expensive . 
 there was never enough money when we were young . 
 not until after the plague . 
 have been hired for a new project , trying to locate a defect in local cattle . 
 a quandary about local breeding . 
 i 've put my personal research on hold . 
 the next five pages detail the vagaries of cattle breeding . 
 on the seventh page it says : araby dressed up in white lace and ribbons . 
 catherine planned to take her to visit relatives . 
 she is a beautiful child . 
 finn spilled a cup of grape juice on her , and the excursion was canceled . 
 catherine went to bed with a headache . 
 entire day of research wasted . 
 is that all we ever were , all i ever was ? 
 a distraction from father 's work ? 
 but i push that aside . 
 i 'm not looking for clues as to whether father loved me . 
 i need information about the disease that destroyed our way of life . 
 pages later , my father writes about working with prospero , before he was prince . 
 i nearly drop the journal . 
 i try to think . 
 did father ever speak of knowing prospero , before ? 
 i force myself to keep reading , to learn all i can about the disease . 
 it was originally supposed to kill rats . 
 only rats . 
 but it did so much more . 
 this is confirmation of my worst fears . 
 whoever wrote the horrible pamphlet was right . 
 my father created the weeping sickness . 
 the last shred of hope that he was innocent shrivels . 
 my best friend is dying . 
 my brother is dead . 
 because of my father . 
 but the one thing i can hold on to is that if he created it , he could also know how to cure it . 
 the rumors kent heard-that father discovered something after finn died-could be true . 
 so it may not be too late for april . 
 i read on until the words begin to swim on the page . 
 when i wake , the room is dim . 
 elliott is lying beside me , though there is another bed and the one we 're in is narrow . 
 he 's propped on one arm , looking down at me . 
 his eyebrows go up as i meet his eyes . 
 the look on his face is gentle , and i have a distinct suspicion that he was stroking my hair . 
 for the first time since i 've known him , he looks calm . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asks . 
 crumpled . 
 dazed . 
 the pain in my shoulder is a dull burn . 
 `` why am i so groggy ? '' 
 this room is like being enclosed in a box . 
 `` did you give me something after i fell asleep ? '' 
 he does n't have to answer . 
 his silver syringe is on the table , beside the makeup bag that april keeps saving and returning to me . 
 `` you were crying out in your sleep . 
 you needed it . '' 
 `` i told you i did n't want anything . '' 
 i shove away from him . 
 how dare he ? 
 as i sit up , my hair falls against my mouth . 
 i put my hand to my face , hoping to touch cool porcelain , but my fingers find only skin . 
 my mask is gone . 
 elliott is n't wearing his , but then he rarely does . 
 my father 's last warning was not to take my mask off . 
 and i know he would n't give idle warnings . 
 `` elliott , where is it ? '' 
 my voice is angry . 
 he tries to take my hand , but i pull it back . 
 `` do n't worry , it 's here . '' 
 he reaches under the bed and holds up a black velvet bag with a drawstring . 
 the same sort of bag we used to store our masks at the debauchery club . 
 i lean forward to take the bag from his him , and as i do , something rustles beneath the light coverlet . 
 i fell asleep reading father 's journal , never expecting that i would wake to find elliott in bed beside me . 
 elliott is n't one to wait . 
 what if he drugged me so that he could take the journal ? 
 would he have returned it ? 
 i shift , sliding my leg over the book to keep it from rustling . 
 i 'll show it to him , but not yet . 
 not until i 've read everything . 
 i open the velvet bag , extracting my mask . 
 dirt stains the line of the ugly crack , like a scar , but it wo n't make the filter less functional . 
 elliott stretches as i slide the mask on . 
 `` they put us in here so that we could have some privacy , '' he says with a smirk . 
 i look away , pretending to examine the oil painting of the sea on the far wall , determined not to let elliott know that it makes me nervous , being so near to him . 
 determined to ignore his innuendos . 
 to hold on to my anger at him . 
 `` privacy while we recover , '' he adds , this time without the mocking tone . 
 and now i do look at him . 
 his shirt is open , and the side of his neck is pink and shiny . 
 i reach out but stop short of touching the painful-looking burn . 
 `` but you were working on the repairs with kent . '' 
 i had assumed he had recovered from the injuries he sustained when the ship he was on exploded . 
 `` i did what i can . 
 will is helping kent finish . 
 i asked april to watch the swamp , since you were so worried . 
 you and i both need to regain our strength . 
 we have a struggle ahead . '' 
 `` a struggle ahead , '' i repeat . 
 now his eyes have that fevered look , and i am drawn to it despite myself . 
 before i met him , i did n't know how to fight . 
 but now i know what it feels like to have that power . 
 and when he looks at me with the fervent expression that he usually uses for his revolution , something inside me melts . 
 he smells of soap , despite our flight from the burning city and our days in the swamp . 
 when we were fleeing the city , i kissed him as if our very lives depended on it . 
 the city was on fire below us , and i wrapped my arms around him and lost myself . 
 the memory makes me blush . 
 but he drugged me , though i told him not to . 
 can i trust him ? 
 he 's ruthless . 
 but i like that about him . 
 perhaps my goal should be to become more like elliott . 
 a fighter . 
 a revolutionary . 
 both of our fathers are murderers . 
 maybe we deserve each other . 
 maybe he ca n't trust me either . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 elliott is holding out a jar of salve , while fumbling to unfasten the last button on his shirt . 
 `` since you 're here ... '' his shirt falls to the floor . 
 even in the dimness of the cabin , i can tell that some of his wounds are bad . 
 elliott 's back is crisscrossed with fresh bruises and burns over the scars that have already healed . 
 there 's a long scrape where some part of the steamship must have hit him when it exploded . 
 he 's lucky to be alive . 
 we all are . 
 when i dip my fingers into the ointment , they tingle immediately . 
 elliott gasps as i touch him , and then relaxes . 
 i let my fingertips linger on his skin . 
 the mocking smile has disappeared when he turns toward me . 
 his eyes are wide , and the look in them might seem guileless if i did n't know better . 
 in the semidarkness his hair is a dark burnished gold . 
 i go completely still , focused on our nearness . 
 my heart speeds up . 
 flustered , i dip my fingers back into the salve and tear my eyes away from his face , searching for burns that need soothing . 
 my fingers catch on a gash , and we both jump a little bit . 
 `` you have so many scars , '' i say softly . 
 his muscles tense . 
 i know what i 've done . 
 once before he made me feel the scars from prospero 's torture . 
 but i 've never seen the extent of them . 
 he was just a boy when he endured this . 
 no wonder he hates prospero so viciously . 
 `` your fists are clenched , '' i say , in something close to a whisper . 
 i take one of his hands and gently pry the fingers apart , forcing him to relax , threading his fingers through my own . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he closes his eyes , and when he opens them he 's back with me . 
 not just with me , but focused on me . 
 his attention sends chills through me . 
 the air in the cabin is unnaturally still . 
 in this moment , elliott and i are the only people in the world . 
 he shifts forward , all lithe grace and strength , like a big cat . 
 something dangerous . 
 but i do n't feel like prey . 
 not exactly . 
 we stare at each other . 
 i ca n't trust him , but for all his ulterior motives , he 's never abandoned me . 
 his free hand is at my waist , snaking around me , pulling me close , then even closer . 
 the door creaks open . 
 `` sorry to interrupt , '' will says . 
 he stays in the doorway , and his shadow is elongated by the candles in the room behind him . 
 will is tall , but never insubstantial , like the shadow that falls across me and elliott . 
 across the bed . 
 when will steps into the cabin , his dark hair falls forward , but it ca n't hide that his cheeks are flushed , as if he is embarrassed-or upset . 
 i pull away from elliott , my own face heating up . 
 of all the people to see me here , with elliott , will is by far the worst . 
 `` for whatever reason , i 've been put in charge of medical duty , '' will says . 
 `` no , '' i say , looking up into his eyes . 
 his very dark eyes . 
 `` no more sleeping medicine . '' 
 whatever elliott gave me is finally wearing off , and i 'm beginning to feel more like myself , more aware . 
 the burning pain of my wound is growing , too , but it 's a price i 'm willing to pay to be alert . 
 will 's voice is soft . 
 `` lie on your stomach , sweetheart . 
 i want to get a good look at the stitches . '' 
 the throwaway endearment takes me back to the debauchery club . 
 a simpler time when i did n't know dark secrets and was n't trying to help save the world . 
 but it does n't wipe away his betrayal . 
 he touches my good shoulder to try to help me , and i brush him off . 
 elliott sits up , scooting down to the foot of the bed . 
 he does n't even try to hide his smirk from will . 
 i lie down gingerly , trying to pretend that nothing hurts . 
 i wo n't give either of them a reason to medicate me . 
 my shoulder stings as will peels the bandage from the gash . 
 he 's gentle , but my eyes still fill with tears . 
 `` it 's better , '' he says , sounding more genuinely relieved than a person who gave me to a madman , who left me to die , has any right to be . 
 `` the stitches are holding , and it does n't look infected . '' 
 `` thank you , '' elliott says in the voice he uses for servants . 
 will 's hands still for just a fraction of a second . 
 `` you 're welcome , sir , '' he says , his tone remote . 
 he wo n't let elliott think it bothers him . 
 but i know it does . 
 `` i have to cook dinner now . '' 
 will rolls up the unused bandages , not looking at either of us . 
 `` no one else seems to know how . 
 the rich have so few useful skills . '' 
 he lets the door slam behind him . 
 `` i have some useful skills , '' elliott calls . 
 my face burns at the suggestive tone of elliott 's comment . 
 here we are , sharing this narrow bed , and elliott still has n't put his shirt back on . 
 but april 's unmistakable laugh is the only response . 
 april is supposed to be watching the swamp for intruders . 
 why is she outside the door to this cabin ? 
 bedsprings squeal as i try to sit up , and i ca n't hold back a gasp at the sudden pain in my shoulder . 
 elliott reaches to help me , but my elbow hits the burn above his ribs and he groans . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 `` try to hold it down , you two , '' april calls . 
 `` there are children on this ship . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to hold down , '' i mutter , swinging my legs over the side of the bed and standing . 
 i leave the journal hidden under the blanket and then pick up elliott 's shirt . 
 he hesitates , as if wanting to say something , but finally takes it . 
 `` promise not to drug me again , '' i say , looking into his very blue eyes . 
 `` i promise , '' he begins , but i can tell he does n't know how serious i am . 
 `` i do n't need it , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm stronger than i was before . 
 we have to get back to the city as soon as we can . '' 
 i try to imagine what it will be like returning to a city that flooded and burned at the same time , with the red death striking people dead in the streets . 
 i have to prepare myself . 
 to be brave . 
 `` araby , '' elliott says . 
 `` i know you 're worried about your parents . 
 your mother ... '' mother . 
 i 've been so focused on father and his secrets , but she is trapped in the prince 's castle . 
 and elliott would n't have mentioned her without a reason . 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` while you were sleeping we decided not to go back . '' 
 chapter three when we left the city , it was to regroup-to pull ourselves together before returning to face malcontent 's rebel army and the plague . 
 to find my father , the only man who could tell us how to stop the death around us . 
 `` we 'll be going to prospero 's palace instead , '' elliott says . 
 `` for weapons . 
 i know where the storeroom is . 
 kent and i have discussed this for hours . 
 we can get in quickly , surprise the guards , load the airship , and then rejoin my men to fight malcontent . '' 
 `` not going back to the city ? '' 
 this is wrong . 
 we have to go back and find father . 
 we have to save april . 
 weapons wo n't cure her . 
 and i 've been to prospero 's palace . 
 even with the airship , how can we slip in and out with even a few weapons ? 
 more likely prospero will capture us all and torture us for fun . 
 i put a hand to my mask , drawing a deep breath . 
 but elliott is n't finished . 
 `` we 'll still be returning to the city eventually , just - '' he stands , placing one foot behind him , as if he 's bracing for an attack . 
 `` the way we fled , i ca n't go back empty-handed . '' 
 prospero is hiding from the plague , far from the city , in the fortress where he has complete and total control . 
 going there is a suicide mission . 
 elliott and i barely made it out last time we visited . 
 `` elliott - '' `` we had to leave the city . '' 
 he cuts me off . 
 `` but we are no better off now than when we left . 
 what can we expect to accomplish when we walk back in ? 
 we have prospero on one side , malcontent on the other . 
 but prospero does n't care anymore , not with the red death raging . 
 with his weapons - '' `` weapons that he 's likely to just give us ? '' 
 my voice is rising . 
 `` he wo n't be expecting an attack from the air . 
 we can land right above the armory . '' 
 `` but he 'll see us coming . 
 the ship is rather conspicuous . '' 
 `` not at night . 
 not during one of his parties . 
 i 'll sneak into prospero 's lair to steal what i need , but i do n't want to sneak back into the city . 
 i want to return victorious . '' 
 of course he does . 
 we all have our fantasies . 
 i could tell him that i want things to go back to the way they were , that i want my father to be a hero , that i want my mother to be safe , that i want my biggest decision to be what to wear to the debauchery club . 
 but life is n't that simple . 
 and i can see that he wo n't listen , not now , but this discussion is far from over . 
 i gather my shredded skirts and sweep out of the room into the main cabin . 
 a heavy wooden table sits in the center of the room . 
 maps and navigational instruments have been scattered across it . 
 april is standing at the opposite side of the room , and kent is sitting at the table . 
 `` there you are . 
 i thought maybe you 'd died in there , '' april says lightly , and then her eyes go wide , as if she 's shocked herself . 
 it is n't like her to joke about death . 
 april has always tried to ignore death , making her driver go out of his way to avoid the corpses in the street-but ignoring the contagion is impossible for her now . 
 maybe it is for me too . 
 i suddenly realize i have an open wound , in the swamp , with two plagues raging . 
 sometimes i feel like the world is waiting for all of us to fall ill . 
 for all of us to fade and die . 
 despite the humidity , april is wearing long sleeves . 
 a finger of contagion climbs the back of her neck . 
 she sees that i am looking and shakes her hair back to cover it . 
 `` april ... , '' i begin . 
 we should start over . 
 `` i 'd hug you , '' she says . 
 `` but , you know ... '' i nod . 
 there are many reasons for us not to hug-her illness , my wound-even if we were the sort of friends who usually embrace . 
 which we are n't . 
 at the table in the middle of the cabin , kent is examining some mechanical bits and pieces that i assume are for repairing the ship . 
 he has somehow managed to be on everyone 's side at once . 
 i first saw him with my father , but he 's also friends with both elliott and will . 
 and here in the cabin of the airship that he designed , april is sitting very close to him . 
 so close that elliott 's eyebrows go up . 
 he may be april 's older brother , but he should know it 's too late to worry much about her virtue . 
 elliott was the one who sponsored us so that we could be members of the debauchery club , though kent is far from the sort of boy who she pursued there . 
 those were frivolous boys in velvet jackets and eye shadow . 
 kent is overly serious , with messy brown hair and thick spectacles . 
 i reach out to the shiny metal object that lies on the table in front of him . 
 `` as soon as i can repair these parts , we can steer the ship again , '' he explains . 
 `` and then we can leave this place , '' april says in a low voice . 
 `` can you imagine the people who used to live here ? 
 how they must have hoped every day that the swamp would recede ? 
 they left their furniture , their clothing ... '' `` where did they go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` to the city ? '' 
 it seems horrible when we all know how quickly the contagion swept through the more populated areas . 
 april shrugs . 
 `` they 've been gone a long time . 
 everything is covered with dust or mold or falling apart . 
 they 're probably all dead . '' 
 `` we should be able to leave very soon . '' 
 kent stands and walks to the doorway . 
 `` maybe by evening . 
 i prefer to fly the ship at night . 
 less attention that way . '' 
 less attention from the people in the swamp ? 
 or from prospero 's guards ? 
 i look over at elliott . 
 he 's standing with his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` another storm is brewing , '' kent continues . 
 `` i 'll stay with the ship , but everyone else needs to take shelter . 
 including you , '' he says to april , and they share a smile . 
 elliott 's eyebrows go even farther up . 
 `` where are the children ? '' 
 i ask . 
 they 've barely ever been outside , and now a storm is approaching-one strong enough to blow them away . 
 `` the children are sitting on the roof watching for intruders . 
 i lent them my binoculars , '' kent says . 
 `` they seem to enjoy being out there . 
 thom stays close , watching them . '' 
 elise and henry are so young . 
 is it safe for them to be watching the swamp ? 
 the willows and swamp grass surrounding the house could conceal any number of enemies . 
 we have no shortage of them . 
 the reverend malcontent wants to take over the city . 
 he would execute me , the scientist 's daughter , and he 's already tried to kill elliott once . 
 prospero is more devious , but i do n't doubt he 'd like to see all of us dead . 
 and he 'd love to have the airship that we 're on . 
 prospero has always been jealous of science and innovation . 
 with something like this ship he 'd have a way to take courtiers up above the city . 
 they could hold elaborate parties . 
 they could dance . 
 but it would be a trap , because wherever the prince goes , there is always torture . 
 i cross the cabin , following kent , and look outside . 
 the blue-gray slate of the roof slopes gently toward the swamp . 
 it is very quiet . 
 i have n't once heard the high-pitched voices of the children . 
 `` will feeds all of us , '' april says . 
 she stands at my shoulder and gestures to the thin line of smoke coming from one of the two chimneys . 
 the one that 's intact . 
 kent smashed into the other one when we landed . 
 `` he 's been using one of the fireplaces to cook , since kent wo n't let us have any sort of flame near his precious airship . '' 
 she winks at kent . 
 he is tinkering with something and does n't notice . 
 `` thom took guard duty to stay out of elliott 's sight . '' 
 april meets my gaze . 
 thom is the diseased boy who rescued us from drowning . 
 and then we rescued him from the city and from malcontent . 
 he 's covered in scabs that weep with pus . 
 that 's the best april has to look forward to , if she does n't die . 
 we have to find my father . 
 how can elliott want to waste time going to prospero 's palace ? 
 when i glance over at elliott , he 's restless , tapping his fingers against the table where kent is working . 
 agitated . 
 a loud crash makes all of us jump . 
 but it is n't an explosion . 
 the sky is darkening . 
 lightning flashes , and more thunder follows . 
 elliott strides past me , out the door . 
 april and i follow him onto the deck . 
 from here i can smell the corruption . 
 the encroaching swamp is taking over everything . 
 leaves decompose in the marsh around us , and the house itself rots underneath us . 
 the two chimneys that the ship is tied to are part of the main section of the house . 
 three wings branch off to form a letter e. except that one of the wings seems to have fallen away . 
 some rooms are completely open to the elements , like the dollhouse that i had as a child . 
 father built it , and finn used to put lizards and frogs in the rooms . 
 he would laugh as they knocked the carefully placed furniture about . 
 elliott is at the rail . 
 his hair gleams , and even the way he stands evokes a sense of purpose . 
 i walk up beside him and look straight down . 
 the marsh water ripples dark under the green slime that floats across the surface . 
 the long grasses move , not with the wind , but against it . 
 fallen trees lie in the murk , in various stages of decay . 
 something is moving in the swamp . 
 something alive and hungry . 
 `` crocodile . '' 
 elliott 's lips quirk into an almost-smile at my shudder of revulsion . 
 it makes a loud splash , as if to confirm elliott 's statement . 
 dark clouds are massing over the swamp , and lightning strikes once more . 
 the grasses shake . 
 the crocodiles splash , restless . 
 `` kent wants us to go down into the house , '' april says . 
 i jump at the sound of her voice . 
 she 's gotten quieter since she 's been sick . 
 she 's biting her lip . 
 the old april never looked so solemn . 
 she leads us off the ship . 
 elliott takes my hand , but he does n't pull me along . 
 only a slight gap lies between the wooden steps of the airship and the roof of the house , but he helps me down . 
 henry and elise are sitting in the shadow of one of the chimneys . 
 `` will wo n't let us play anywhere interesting , '' henry complains as we approach . 
 `` there 's nothing to see from here , even with binoculars . '' 
 with the crocodiles slithering through the murk , and who knows what else might be lurking out there , will was right to make them promise to stay near the ship . 
 i want to grab henry and hold him close to keep him safe . 
 `` araby ! '' 
 elise spies me behind elliott and leaps up . 
 she throws her arms around me , but elliott keeps hold of my hand . 
 elise 's eyebrows draw together , and i know that she is frowning behind her mask . 
 the wind picks up , so even if i knew what to say to her , the words would be whipped away . 
 `` why must we always wait until the storm is actually upon us ? '' 
 april asks no one in particular . 
 this is the old april . 
 `` we need to hurry . 
 my hair simply can not survive much more . '' 
 i smile , but she 's right . 
 the rain is coming-i can see it out over the swamp , moving toward us . 
 these tiles will be slick and treacherous when it hits . 
 i put my arm around elise , then drop elliott 's hand to take henry 's . 
 `` show me how to get into the house ? '' 
 i ask elise , and she nods , pleased to help . 
 the breach in the roof is n't far , but it gives me pause . 
 it 's as if monstrous jaws have bitten a chunk from the top of the house . 
 the uneven hole left is wide enough for a person to climb through . 
 `` there was already a hole in the roof , '' april explains . 
 `` kent just used a crowbar to make it bigger , so that we can climb inside . '' 
 the rain pounds the roof behind us , gusting through the swamp . 
 all of a sudden , everything is moving . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 i urge the children toward the wooden ladder that peeks up out of the hole . 
 by the time april has climbed down , the storm is crashing against the house and the line of trees is doubled over . 
 elliott 's hair is plastered to his face , and his shirt clings to him . 
 `` i should stay with kent , '' he says . 
 he grimaces , but i ca n't tell if it 's from the rain or the idea of me downstairs with will . 
 i nod . 
 he ca n't leave kent to face the storm alone . 
 ignoring the driving rain , i grab his arm . 
 it does n't matter that i do n't trust him , or that i do n't agree with his plans . 
 he can be the hero that the city needs . 
 i 'm not willing to embrace him , but i hold his arm tightly for just a few seconds longer than i should . 
 as i 'm turning away , he spins me back and kisses me fiercely . 
 and then he 's fighting the wind , back across the roof . 
 not until i 'm halfway down the ladder do i pause to catch my breath and push the wet hair back from my face . 
 i lean my forehead against one of the rungs while my heart slows . 
 below , the house groans , settling perhaps into its final repose . 
 into the swamp . 
 i continue to climb down . 
 the wood floor looks slick with blood , but it 's just soaked with rainwater from the storm . 
 still , the boards seem to sag under my feet , so i move quickly to the other side of the room , where the roof above is intact . 
 a fire crackles in the hearth , and the glow , combined with the oil lamp , contrasts cozily with the rain that pounds through the hole and against the roof and windows . 
 this place reminds me of the homes of mother 's rich relations , who we used to visit when i was a child . 
 the attic would 've been a nursery , and bits of broken toys , a small desk where a child might have sat to learn to read , have been left neglected here . 
 elise and henry are nestled on a couch , and elise makes room for me to join them . 
 but april coughs , and i turn to her instead . 
 she 's fallen into an armchair . 
 the diseased boy , thom , stands behind her , holding a glass of water . 
 if anything , his skin looks more horrible than ever , with weeping sores on his arms , as well as the one above his eye . 
 i ca n't believe april is allowing him to be this close to her . 
 she has changed . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i ask , reaching for her hand . 
 she pulls it away . 
 `` i need a drink . 
 and a hot bath . 
 and then another drink . '' 
 thom holds the glass of water out to her . 
 she makes a rude gesture . 
 `` not that , a real drink . '' 
 but then she smiles at thom , a silent apology for being so abrupt . 
 `` sorry , '' she says . 
 `` wet hair is irritating , against the sores . '' 
 she gestures to her neck but does n't pull up the hair . 
 she would rather be in pain than show what the contagion is doing to her . 
 she looks to thom , as if waiting for his sympathy , and i feel a pang , knowing that this boy is the only one who understands what is happening to her . 
 `` you ca n't possibly agree with elliott , '' i say quietly . 
 `` you ca n't think that we should go to the prince 's palace . '' 
 when she looks up at me , i see panic . 
 `` everyone in the city is dying , '' she says . 
 `` no one can survive the red death . 
 but some people can live with the contagion . '' 
 i do n't argue with her . 
 a girl died of the red death right in front of me . 
 i do n't doubt that conditions in the city are dire . 
 but april 's sores are spreading , and there 's no guarantee that she 'll be like thom . 
 she 's saved my life more than once . 
 when i was suicidal over my brother 's death , she did her best to distract me . 
 she chose me to be her best friend , to take with her to the club . 
 and now it is my fault that she is dying . 
 when her father had us imprisoned in the tunnels , he said he could cure her of the disease . 
 but she escaped with me instead , because he was going to kill me . 
 i was powerless to stop my brother from dying . 
 but i 'm not powerless anymore . 
 i will save april , even if i have to fight her to do it . 
 we watch the storm through dirty windows . 
 i eat , to keep up my strength , and tell stories to the children . 
 thom disappears down a spiral stairway , with a bowl of soup for will and something for the prisoner . 
 `` the man that elliott captured scares me , '' april confesses . 
 `` he reminds me of dark places under the city , and my father . '' 
 when we escaped the mob , the man followed will and the children , clutching his musket and scaling the rope ladder . 
 i 'm afraid of him , too . 
 henry and elise , exhausted from chasing each other around the open spaces of the attic , curl up and fall asleep . 
 april dozes in her chair , before the fireplace . 
 this is my chance . 
 i 'll slip away to read what i can of father 's journal before elliott comes down . 
 if i can find something certain about a cure , it might be enough to convince them to listen to me . 
 i consider the spiral staircase , but that way leads to will and thom and the prisoner . 
 at the far end of the attic , past the opening where we climbed down from the roof , is a hole in the floor , probably caused by water seeping down and rotting the wood . 
 i walk over and peer down . 
 below , i can see a wood floor covered with a rug . 
 the distance is probably seven feet , eight ? 
 i sit at the edge with my legs dangling . 
 if i can push myself away from the broken beams so i do n't scrape my shoulder , i should be fine . 
 as long as i do n't twist my ankle . 
 i take a deep breath and drop , bracing for the pain of impact . 
 but there is no impact . 
 strong arms catch me , sliding around my waist . 
 will . 
 i would know him anywhere , even in this darkness . 
 he still smells of the debauchery club , a hint of incense . 
 the length of my body rests against his . 
 i can feel his heart beating . 
 rapidly . 
 unless it 's mine . 
 he does n't move . 
 maybe he 's going to hold me here , against his heart , forever . 
 every nerve ending has come to life , making me painfully , horribly aware . 
 his breath stirs my hair and his arm trembles from holding me up , but otherwise we are completely still . 
 `` thank you , '' i breathe . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 his voice is equally soft . 
 will 's dark hair has fallen over his face , hiding his eyes . 
 without meaning to , i reach up and push his hair back . 
 that breaks his trance , and with a sigh , he finally sets me on the floor , carefully avoiding any contact with my injured shoulder . 
 slowly , my eyes adjust to the dim light of the oil lamp sitting on a low table beside a faded velvet couch . 
 the threadbare rug covers a large square of hardwood floor . 
 it 's a dilapidated sitting room in a house that is sinking into a swamp , but at this moment , as i stand beside will , it looks warm and inviting . 
 even though it should n't . 
 chapter four will turns away , letting his hair hide the expression on his face . 
 he gestures to the sofa . 
 when i sit , it makes a terrible squealing sound . 
 my mother would be proud of how calm i am pretending to be . 
 what will i do if he apologizes ? 
 my palms begin to sweat . 
 but i wait . 
 i wo n't make this easy for him . 
 when he faces me again , his smile is sad , but there 's something in it that reminds me of the old flirtatious will . 
 of a time when i spent entire days waiting to see him for a few moments as i entered the debauchery club . 
 `` it was too terrible , what i did . '' 
 he looks down at his hands . 
 `` you know i 'm sorry , and i know it is n't enough . '' 
 it 's only been days since he traded me to malcontent in return for henry and elise . 
 i understand why he did it . 
 i would have done the same if my own brother had been taken by a madman . 
 and that makes everything worse , because i can almost forgive him . 
 almost . 
 tears well up from my traitorous eyes . 
 why could n't he trust me to help him save the children ? 
 why does it hurt so badly that he did n't ? 
 he reaches out . 
 i watch his hand , not sure whether i want to take it or slap it away . 
 but it does n't matter , because he pulls back . 
 though i try to hold back my tears , the effort makes everything worse , and suddenly i 'm sobbing . 
 if will held out his arms to me again , i might go into them . 
 afterward , i 'd hate myself , but i 'd let him comfort me . 
 instead , he looks away and lets me cry . 
 minutes pass . 
 as i struggle to compose myself , he hands me the cleanest handkerchief i 've ever seen . 
 how did he keep it so impossibly white after everything we 've been through ? 
 i force my eyes away from it , but rather than look at will , i survey the room . 
 something about it , the faded wallpaper , or perhaps the sloped ceiling , speaks of comfort and whispered confidences . 
 will 's voice is light . 
 `` i learned a few things at the club . 
 a young lady in distress will invariably need a handkerchief . 
 i 've had plenty ruined with mascara . '' 
 i blot at my eyes , but the square is unstained . 
 we 're a long way from the debauchery club and the girl i was then . 
 finally , i look back at him . 
 in the partial light his tattoos are dark against his pale skin . 
 they swirl upward , disappearing into his hair . 
 `` you came here to be alone , '' he says quietly . 
 `` so did you . '' 
 i say , just to prove to myself that i can still speak . 
 i dab at my eyes one last time . 
 `` our prisoner is down here , and i 'm on watch until elliott sends thom to relieve me . '' 
 his eyes move toward the corridor , and then back to the sofa , to me . 
 `` i 'm just going to sit here and read . '' 
 i hold up the journal . 
 he knows what it is . 
 he handed it to malcontent right after giving me over , after all . 
 `` i 'll stay close , so i know that you 're safe . '' 
 i could spit out a thousand retorts to that , but i have no energy for accusations . 
 and though i wanted to get away from everyone else , maybe i do n't want to be completely alone . 
 he settles in a corner , nearly hidden by shadows , so i curl up at the end of the couch and open the journal . 
 april needs answers . 
 and maybe , while searching for information about the diseases , i can find some reassurance for myself . 
 i pick up reading about the years when i was very young . 
 the city was in chaos even back then , because the swamp was rising into the lower city , contaminating the water . 
 the weeping sickness was released into that madness . 
 i skim these pages quickly , but as i reach the second half of the book i force myself to slow down . 
 by then , all father wrote about was the disease . 
 prospero is collecting scientists and holding them in his castle . 
 he claims that one of his men has found a way to rid the city of the encroaching swamp . 
 he told me over dinner , laughing to himself . 
 he 's been keeping the poor fellow in his dungeon , in chains . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said , `` perhaps i 'll allow him to complete his life 's work . 
 it will make the city much more pleasant for your children , if they live to adulthood , do n't you think ? '' 
 as always , i ate my soup without comment . 
 `` take care of my rat problem , '' he said . 
 it was n't a request . 
 i told him the disease is volatile . 
 unpredictable . 
 `` the city wo n't miss a few immigrants , '' he said . 
 `` more come in boats every day . '' 
 now all the boats have rotted and fallen to bits in the harbor . 
 i keep going , absorbing as much as i can , until i turn to a mostly blank page inscribed with the words my son is dead . 
 i lay my head against the back of the couch , trying not to think . 
 even with my eyes closed , i can see my twin brother . 
 i wo n't think of his bloodless hand , how i let go but then lunged back and tried to grab it after we dropped him into the corpse collector 's cart . 
 when i open my eyes , will is watching me . 
 he 's sitting across the room , with his back against a wall of exposed brick . 
 once again , his hair has fallen forward , but it is n't enough to hide his concern . 
 the misery in this room is palpable . 
 i force myself back to the journal , past that terrible page . 
 prospero lied to me . 
 he 's done nothing to check the rise of the swamp , and i do not know the location of the pumping station that he promised would cleanse the water . 
 he wo n't distribute masks to the people . 
 i have only one threat left , and i do n't think he believes me . 
 and then the last pages are about the red death . 
 while the weeping sickness is passed through the air , the red death is contracted through both the air and the drinking water . 
 i have nothing more to threaten prospero with . 
 all is lost . 
 he 's taken my wife . 
 my son is dead . 
 i will not be the one to save the city . 
 i shut the book and stare into space for a long time . 
 what about me ? 
 did father think i was lost too ? 
 was he right ? 
 i wake to the thump of a footstep against the wood floor and sit up , clutching the journal to my heart . 
 the room is still shadowy , though light is streaming in through the hole in the roof and the filthy windows . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 elliott stands a few feet away , silhouetted by the light that 's filtering in . 
 `` good morning , '' i reply , trying to hide my surprise . 
 i dart a glance to will 's corner , but he 's gone . 
 i tuck the journal under my skirt and gesture toward the rest of the couch . 
 `` do you want to sit ? '' 
 he collapses beside me so quickly that i 'm surprised he waited for my invitation . 
 elliott is n't one for waiting . 
 the skin under his eyes looks bruised . 
 he has n't slept . 
 `` the storm is over ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 he nods . 
 `` april is watching the swamp . 
 she 's the best shot , and she was feeling restless . 
 i think she wanted to get away from the children . '' 
 he gives me a sidelong look . 
 `` we 'll be leaving today . '' 
 `` to go back to the city ? '' 
 `` araby ... '' he reaches out , as if to embrace me , but i put out my hands to hold him back . 
 so he twines his fingers through mine , and the way our hands fit together feels extremely personal in just the way i wanted to avoid . 
 `` we need to talk , '' i say . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 his expression is sardonic , but i ignore it . 
 i have the right to voice my opinion . 
 he has to realize that if we go to the palace , everything is lost . 
 the echo of my father stops me before i even start . 
 thom pokes his head around the corner . 
 `` did you move the prisoner ? 
 the door is open . 
 and he 's gone . '' 
 elliott is on his feet immediately . 
 `` go tell kent and april . 
 we need to arm ourselves , '' he says . 
 `` he 's dangerous . '' 
 thom 's eyes dart back to the corridor . 
 he 's hiding something , but elliott does n't see his face . 
 he 's looking at will , who has entered the room behind the boy . 
 thom hurries away . 
 will stops , considering elliott , but before he can say anything , elliott lunges at him . 
 `` you did this , '' he accuses . 
 `` you let him go . '' 
 will struggles to hold him back . 
 `` you were going to kill him . '' 
 will 's voice is quiet but no less accusing . 
 `` yes . 
 i was . 
 how long ago ? 
 how long has he been gone ? '' 
 will shrugs out of elliott 's grip and crosses his arms as he answers . 
 `` he left during the storm . 
 his only crime is having the disease and trying to get away from the city . '' 
 i think it 's will 's nonchalance that pushes elliott over the brink . 
 he slams into will , shoving him against the wall . 
 elliott 's fist connects once , and then will is fighting back . 
 he hits elliott right above the eye , and elliott 's head whips back . 
 elliott wipes a thin line of blood from his eyebrow and says , `` he manipulated you . 
 his crimes were much worse than that . 
 i recognized him-he used to work for my uncle , before he caught the contagion . 
 and then he started doing malcontent 's dirty work . 
 ravaging the lower city . 
 killing children and feeding them to crocodiles . '' 
 will pales . 
 `` the hunter ? '' 
 `` ah , you 've heard the stories ? '' 
 will nods . 
 `` he 'll wait until the right moment to kill us , '' elliott says . 
 `` the moment that it becomes a challenge . 
 if i were you i 'd stick close to your siblings until we get out of here . '' 
 will reacts to this like it 's a threat , shoving elliott backward . 
 `` why did n't you tell us who he was ? '' 
 he shouts . 
 elliott scoffs , more than ready to fight . 
 i throw myself between them , facing elliott . 
 my arms are out to my sides , as if we are all children playing some game . 
 but the anger in this room is far from childish . 
 `` they want to kill us all , you know , '' elliott says . 
 `` he told me about malcontent 's plan . 
 they were told to attack , to come into contact with as many people as they can . 
 they are going to infect everyone in the city . '' 
 will is shaken . 
 `` he told me about his family . 
 he could n't live with them , because of the disease , but he was worried ... '' `` you are a fool . '' 
 elliott steps forward so my hand is pressed against his chest , and he speaks to will over my shoulder . 
 `` we wo n't be safe until kent can get us out of here , and even then , you 've released a killer back into the swamp . '' 
 a bruise is forming around elliott 's eye from will 's punch , in the same spot i hit him after he dangled me over the river . 
 `` you tortured him . '' 
 will slumps against the wall . 
 `` i got information , '' elliott says . 
 `` you heard a pack of lies . 
 which of us is more noble ? '' 
 i push elliott farther from will . 
 `` that 's enough . '' 
 `` elliott , '' kent calls from the room above . 
 `` we 're missing a musket . 
 we need to get out of here - '' `` did you give him a musket ? '' 
 elliott 's voice is so low that it 's practically a growl . 
 `` did he tell you that he was afraid of the swamp , so you stole a gun for him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 will looks away from elliott 's stare . 
 i can see by the way that his shoulders slump that he realizes the extent of his naivete . 
 and elliott 's anger is only building . 
 the tension is making him practically vibrate . 
 standing between them is n't enough . 
 i take elliott 's hand . 
 he is the one angry enough to attack . 
 but my gesture goes deeper than that , and i know it . 
 he looks down , and i meet his eyes . 
 once , i thought will would save me . 
 from myself . 
 but he could n't even do that . 
 i pull elliott to the ladder , and he climbs up to help kent . 
 i glance back . 
 will knows . 
 and he knows he does n't deserve to feel hurt , but he does . 
 i can see the conflict in his face before he turns and walks out of the room . 
 i hesitate a moment before following him . 
 only one door in the hallway is open , the one leading to an abandoned bedroom . 
 `` did you keep him locked in here ? '' 
 i ask will , but do n't cross the threshold . 
 `` in the closet , '' he says . 
 `` otherwise he could have escaped . '' 
 he gestures to the window . 
 he obviously does n't want to talk , and now that i 'm here , i do n't know what to say to him . 
 a cricket scuttles onto the toe of my right shoe . 
 i jump back , stopping only when i hit the door across the hallway . 
 my hand knocks against the doorknob , but it does n't even jiggle . 
 it 's locked . 
 if the prisoner was n't kept in one of these rooms , why are they locked ? 
 would a family , abandoning their home , lock doors inside it ? 
 curious , and seeking a reason to pause here with will , i walk the entire corridor , trying every door . 
 those on the right are locked . 
 the left are open . 
 the crickets are everywhere now , creeping through the darkness . 
 spiders spin elaborate webs in the corners . 
 i would n't be surprised if there are mice in the walls , and if there are mice there are probably snakes . 
 i repress a shudder . 
 i push hard against one of the locked doors , but it does n't give even slightly . 
 `` the one at the end of the corridor is loose , '' will says . 
 he 's right . 
 the lock does wobble . 
 but it 's intact , so none of my companions must have been interested enough to break it . 
 i hit the door with my good side , but even so , pain radiates across my back . 
 i gasp and lean against the wall while the pain subsides . 
 will just watches . 
 `` well , '' i say , `` are you going to help ? '' 
 i ca n't understand why none of them have investigated this mystery . 
 anything could be hidden behind a locked door . 
 `` araby ! '' 
 april calls from upstairs . 
 `` hurry , we 're leaving ! '' 
 `` do n't forget this , '' will says , handing me father 's journal . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i straighten up and give the door one last kick . 
 `` i 'll want to share it with elliott . '' 
 neither of us says anything more while we gather our gear and climb to the roof . 
 as soon as we emerge , i 'm immediately covered with dew , or what passes for dew in the thick humidity of a swamp . 
 the precipitation is visible on my arms , gleaming in the weak morning sun . 
 a drop runs the length of my dress and falls to the blue-gray slate tile . 
 april is waiting . 
 she gives will a quick , disgusted look , and then ignores him , leaning against me . 
 `` thank god we 're leaving . 
 i hate the swamp . '' 
 he disappears , walking around the ship , leaving us alone . 
 april and i have n't had any time to talk . 
 part of me longs to discuss the pain of what happened with will . 
 perhaps she could help me make sense of it . 
 perhaps she could unravel what 's happening between me and elliott , how our fake romance seems to be turning into something very real . 
 and maybe she could tell me about that secret half smile that she ca n't quite hide whenever kent is near . 
 she leads me to the deck of the airship and right to kent . 
 i 'm surprised that he is n't scurrying around the ship , double-checking everything . 
 `` how is will ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` his lip is bloody , '' i say , though i know it is n't what he 's asking . 
 kent looks at me , and i can see that he understands . 
 we are , both of us , throwing in our lot with elliott . 
 for the good of the city . 
 and for april . 
 `` your father was my hero , '' kent says . 
 `` is my hero . 
 since i was a boy . '' 
 he wants me to tell him that the rumors are lies . 
 i want him to say the same to me . 
 instead , neither of us says anything . 
 we stare out over the destroyed landscape . 
 the swamp has enveloped everything . 
 the last remnants of a rose arbor are decaying even as i watch . 
 `` beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 kent says finally . 
 i cast a sharp look at him , and he seems completely serious . 
 what more does he see through his corrective lenses ? 
 april takes his hand . 
 `` elliott has been helping me with my inventions for years , since we met as boys . 
 and will is my closest friend , '' kent says finally . 
 the way he 's being pulled back and forth between his two friends is more noble than what has happened to me . 
 i 've kissed both of them , after all . 
 `` april is my best friend . 
 my priority is getting her to my father . 
 not flirting . 
 or romance . 
 that sort of thing can wait . '' 
 april is pretending she ca n't hear us , but i see the start of a tiny smile . 
 she enjoys being the center of attention , even when it 's because she 's dying . 
 my fear is cold and leaden in my stomach . 
 dying does n't seem real to her yet ; the sores are little more than a nuisance . 
 in a few weeks , it will be much , much worse . 
 maybe even sooner . 
 we do not have time to stop at prospero 's palace . 
 `` do you believe the rumors ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the ones that say father had some sort of cure ? 
 that he threw it away the night finn died ? '' 
 `` partly . 
 but i know he would never throw something so precious away . 
 if he had a cure , he would have kept it . 
 he would still have it . '' 
 our eyes meet , and i feel a flutter of hope . 
 just because father did n't write about it does n't mean he never created it . 
 kent considers me , still grasping april 's hand . 
 `` in my experience , the only way to survive in this world is to find something to live for . 
 for me , it was my inventions . 
 for my father , it was perfecting these lenses that give me vision . 
 for elliott , it is power . 
 will has n't found that something yet , but i think he 's close . '' 
 `` and what do you think it is ? '' 
 my voice is harsher than it should be , given that last night i was so close to forgiving him . 
 `` helping people . 
 helping the weak . '' 
 i was weak . 
 but i 'm not anymore . 
 a splash from the swamp reminds us that we are all in danger . 
 kent turns to april . 
 `` the ship is almost ready to take off . 
 i 'll need a few moments ... . '' 
 i leave them alone and go to find elliott . 
 he 's at the prow of the ship , close to the wheel , watching the swamp , gun in hand . 
 this is my last opportunity to convince him that there 's a chance for april and that she 's more important than the way he looks when he returns . 
 elliott knows what i 'm going to say . 
 `` what if there 's nothing left ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 've spent my life planning to save the city . 
 what if there is nothing to save ? '' 
 i step forward , so that there is no space between us . 
 his gun rests on the rail of the ship , but i 'm touching his other side . 
 `` what if you run away because you fear there is nothing left , and you discover later that people were waiting for you ? '' 
 he pulls away , balancing the musket with one hand and running the other through his already-mussed hair . 
 `` the city is waiting , '' i push on . 
 `` you 'll give them hope . '' 
 `` that wo n't save them from the red death or from malcontent . '' 
 `` we 'll find a way . 
 father did n't stand up to prospero , but he knows things ... . '' 
 if i 'm going to throw my lot in with elliott , if i 'm going to convince him that we can save the city together , it 's time to stop keeping secrets . 
 i hold out the journal to him . 
 `` he wanted you to have this , remember ? 
 he did n't know that i had already taken it . 
 i 've read most of it , and he has insights about the red death . '' 
 i take a deep breath and then plunge on . 
 `` he says the key is the water supply . 
 in addition to the masks , we need clean water . '' 
 i can see elliott 's brain working . 
 `` the poorer parts of the city have almost no clean water . 
 their wells are tainted with rising water from the swamp . 
 but if we could evacuate the poor areas , there is plenty of room in the upper city ... . 
 do you really think that i can give them hope ? '' 
 he searches my face , and i resist the urge to look away from the intensity of it . 
 he 's nearly convinced . 
 `` elliott , you have to see this through . '' 
 `` i never meant not to . 
 prospero , i had a plan for . 
 and you were helping me with the masks . 
 i had spies and soldiers . 
 even malcontent i could handle , but the red death ... '' `` i know , '' i say softly . 
 `` but april needs my father , and we have n't got much time . 
 you already have the plans for making masks . 
 this is the last piece . 
 you do n't need guns . '' 
 `` if we go back to the city , you 'll be with me ? '' 
 a part of me wants to refuse . 
 but if he needs me , how can i say no ? 
 the city needs him . 
 `` yes . 
 the scientist 's daughter on your arm . 
 that 's what you wanted . '' 
 his lips twist . 
 it is what he wanted , but now that status is gone . 
 my father has been named the greatest villain of all time . 
 `` no , just you , '' he begins . 
 `` i want - '' i tense at the urgency in his tone , but before he can finish his sentence , there is a high-pitched scream . 
 a child 's scream , from the direction of the swamp . 
 `` stay here , '' he says , and takes off , jumping easily from the airship to the slate roof of the manor house . 
 kent runs past me into the cabin , then bursts from the door carrying two muskets and follows elliott . 
 i try to run after kent , but moving that quickly hurts more than i expected . 
 by the time i reach them , will 's there too , holding henry , and kent is kneeling beside elise at the edge of a decorative stone parapet . 
 she 's pointing out over what was once a lawn , but now is just tree roots and muck . 
 the sun comes out from behind low , hazy clouds , and elliott 's fair hair gleams in the sudden brightness . 
 beyond the parapet is a moldering staircase that was once inside the house , but is now exposed completely to the elements . 
 the stairway turns twice , and the carved wooden banister is mostly intact . 
 `` there 's people , '' henry says . 
 he holds the binoculars out to kent . 
 `` did you give him my binoculars ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 `` they 're coming this way . '' 
 elise 's voice is mesmerized , like she is looking at something both terrible and wondrous . 
 as if i am being pulled into elise 's imagination , i hear the splashing of someone running through the water . 
 i follow the line of her shaking arm . 
 a girl in a dress that used to be white appears through the vegetation , pulling someone behind her , barely paying attention to where she is putting her feet . 
 the rank water is as high as her calves . 
 a shot cracks from the undergrowth . 
 elise screams again , covering her mouth with both hands . 
 the girl in the swamp turns her head toward the sound but does n't stop . 
 she ca n't . 
 will hands henry to me , and i crouch down behind the rail of the parapet , pulling elise with me . 
 thankfully , the railings are thick and ornate and have n't succumbed yet to the decay of the rest of the house . 
 and we 're four stories up . 
 the shooter will have to get closer to pose any danger to the children . 
 `` this way , '' elliott calls to the girl , dropping to the stairwell and bounding down the stairs . 
 april has gotten to us now too . 
 i 'm aware of her behind me , even as i watch the girl 's desperate race through the marsh . 
 elliott stops at the place where the stairway disappears into the water . 
 the girl stares at him with wild , terrified eyes . 
 he reaches out his hand . 
 but she stumbles , unable to catch herself because she wo n't let go of her companion . 
 the hair on the back of my neck rises . 
 if the gunman wants to kill her , this would be the time to shoot . 
 elliott is moving , stepping into the muck , grabbing her . 
 he takes the boy 's arm , but then pulls back . 
 the boy 's face lifts upward . 
 i gasp . 
 red lines run down from his eyes and stain his mask . 
 the slight girl pulls at him , urging him to stand . 
 everything goes silent . 
 the frogs , the crickets . 
 i 'm holding my breath . 
 the man out there must be our former prisoner . 
 the hunter . 
 he did n't kill us before , but now he 's tracking these new arrivals . 
 stalking them like prey . 
 elliott , his boots sinking into the muck , puts two fingers to the boy 's throat . 
 but the boy is dead . 
 the red death takes its victims quickly . 
 `` let go , '' he tells the girl . 
 `` take cover behind the banister . '' 
 she wo n't release the boy 's hand . 
 in the long silence that follows , soft splashes sound below . 
 peering over the banister , i see the dark-green backs of great reptiles slithering toward us from every direction . 
 their wakes are like a starburst . 
 elliott scans the line of trees and sets his jaw grimly . 
 the gunman fires again , shattering the window behind elliott . 
 `` april ! '' 
 elliott shouts , but she 's already firing . 
 my ears ring . 
 elliott pries the girl from the dead boy and shoves her up onto the sagging wooden stairs . 
 can crocodiles climb stairs ? 
 the girl lets out a low wail , and then kent is there , pulling her up and handing elliott a gun . 
 elliott stands tall . 
 he raises his hand in a half salute , half wave , mocking whoever just shot at him and missed . 
 `` i ca n't leave him , '' the girl says , her voice clear in the sudden silence . 
 `` he 's dead , '' elliott says , his eyes on the swamp . 
 `` but - '' her gaze is frozen on the dead boy 's face . 
 she 's straining against kent 's grip . 
 i know the broken look on her face all too well . 
 april climbs down , stopping just above where kent stands . 
 `` stay here , '' i say to the children . 
 ignoring the pain in my shoulder , i crawl across the last few feet of roof to where the house has fallen away . 
 the broken timbers form a natural ladder , so at least i can climb down , without taking a leap like elliott did . 
 will is standing at the first turn of the staircase . 
 i move to pass him , but he puts his hand on my arm . 
 the girl is a thin little waif , but even streaked with swamp grime , she is lovely . 
 though the white mask covers most of her face , her big grief-stricken eyes are visible . 
 `` elliott , here . '' 
 i toss down my cloak , and he catches it with one hand . 
 `` cover his face , and then get back up here ! '' 
 he catches the cloak but does n't indicate he heard my request or the urgency in my voice . 
 `` show yourself ! '' 
 he calls . 
 i 'm near enough to see that his eyes give lie to his calm demeanor . 
 he 's scanning every possible hiding place in the swamp . 
 his finger caresses the trigger of the gun . 
 april , now halfway down the staircase , has her own poised and ready . 
 will 's hand tightens on my arm , and kent peers through his binoculars . 
 `` whoever is out there is n't stupid . 
 he 's not going to reveal himself . 
 araby is right . 
 get to the roof-move ! '' 
 kent pushes the girl up the staircase . 
 elliott is n't moving . 
 it 's like he 's offering himself as a target . 
 april lists to the side , putting most of her weight on the banister . 
 no one else seems to realize how weak she is . 
 my heart pounds in my ears . 
 i try to call out , but my voice has faded to nothing . 
 april 's musket clatters down the stairs half a second before she collapses . 
 elliott turns , and another gunshot tears across the swamp . 
 chapter five i finally find my voice and scream . 
 i lunge forward , but will keeps me from diving down the stairs , holding me back from both april and elliott . 
 i 'm not even sure who i 'm trying to reach first . 
 april is lying on the stairway in a faint , and the surprise on elliott 's face would be comical if his cheek were n't covered in blood . 
 `` everyone get back to the airship , '' kent calls . 
 `` it just grazed him . '' 
 elliott raises his sleeve to his face , and his eyes blaze . 
 will lifts april and carries her up the stairs . 
 how will we hoist her up onto the roof ? 
 the girl raises her hand , perhaps to beg us not to leave her friend here for the crocodiles , but no one is paying attention . 
 kent climbs up , and will hands april to him . 
 he has elise and henry in tow . 
 `` come with me , '' i say to the girl . 
 the look she gives me is far from grateful , but she obeys . 
 as we climb to the roof , kent drops an ax to elliott . 
 he chops at the stairs , kicking the rotted wood down into the water . 
 crocodiles swarm below , snapping at one another . 
 the boy 's body has already disappeared . 
 i pull the girl away from the edge so she ca n't see , and then turn back in case elliott needs help . 
 he kicks a last chunk of rotten wood down , onto the frenzy of crocodiles . 
 `` i dare anyone , or anything , to try to climb up now . '' 
 he passes the ax back to kent , just as another shot rings out . 
 kent screams , and the ax falls . 
 `` my hand , '' he gasps . 
 i 'm reaching for him , but will is already there . 
 `` it 's your wrist , '' will says . 
 `` it could be much worse . '' 
 kent 's face is white , and he 's cradling his arm . 
 it 's the first time i 've seen him upset . 
 `` i have to be able to steer the ship . '' 
 by now elliott has pulled himself up . 
 he inspects kent 's wrist . 
 `` will 's right . 
 we 'll clean and bandage it , and you 'll get us out of here . 
 it 's going to be fine . '' 
 the sun is setting behind the two chimneys where the airship is tethered . 
 the girl stops when she sees it , her mouth falling open . 
 `` you are n't from here . 
 you are n't swamp dwellers . '' 
 she sounds relieved . 
 `` of course not , '' april snaps . 
 she 's sitting right inside the doorway of the cabin , fully alert now , and she waves the girl inside . 
 `` do we look like people who live in a swamp ? '' 
 her dress is a dirty , torn mess , but the way april holds herself , no one would think she is from anywhere but the city . 
 the upper city . 
 outside , the boys prepare the ship to take off . 
 kent , cradling his wrist , snaps instructions that will and elliott hurry to follow . 
 `` we were going to the palace , '' the girl says . 
 she produces a heavy embossed invitation from some hidden pocket . 
 `` he said that we 'd be safe there . '' 
 april reaches for the invitation , but then she must remember that this girl has been in contact with someone who just died of the red death , and she pulls her hand back . 
 `` you 're a long way from there , '' april says . 
 `` we 'd never left the city before , '' the girl says in a whisper . 
 `` we were n't even sure that it was real , the palace , and this party ... . '' 
 the ruined dress that she is wearing was probably the finest thing she has ever owned . 
 `` where did you get the invitation ? '' 
 april asks . 
 `` they were being delivered in the city . 
 people were killing each other for them ... . '' 
 she stops speaking and looks up . 
 elliott stands in the doorway . 
 `` we 're taking off , '' he says . 
 `` as soon as kent allows will to bandage his wrist . '' 
 the place where the bullet grazed his cheek is only a thin trickle of blood now . 
 turning to the girl , he asks , `` when did the man start chasing you ? '' 
 `` this morning . 
 we were trying to escape the swamp . 
 but he kept shooting near our feet , forcing us deeper and deeper into it . 
 finally we saw the house and decided to try to make for it . '' 
 elliott stays in the doorway , turned so that he can see the edges of the roof . 
 i can hear the children 's voices from the interior cabin . 
 they 've gone inside with thom . 
 will pushes past elliott to get a bandage , and april begins to stand , but i put my hand on her arm . 
 `` he 's going to be fine . '' 
 `` this is what comes of mercy , '' elliott says , looking at will . 
 `` the good reverend is drawing the most evil and cruel of our population to his side . 
 it does n't bode well for anyone if he takes the city . '' 
 it also does n't bode well for elliott , since malcontent wants to kill him . 
 elliott does n't know that malcontent is his father . 
 i do n't know why i did n't realize this before . 
 i look down at april , but she shakes her head . 
 she must know that i will tell him . 
 i have to tell him . 
 eventually . 
 his eyes fall on the girl , whose name , i realize , none of us have asked . 
 `` is it safe to have her here ? '' 
 he 's looking to me , hoping i read something useful about the red death in father 's journal . 
 `` it spreads through air and fluids , '' i say . 
 `` just be careful . 
 keep your masks on , do n't drink after her ... . '' 
 i do n't really know how contagious the disease is . 
 i hope i 'm not endangering all of us . 
 `` i guess we 'll have to risk it . '' 
 he does n't sound happy . 
 from the deck , kent raises his hand to show elliott that he 's stopped long enough for will to bandage his wrist , and elliott hurries out of the cabin to help . 
 april moves to recline on a cot that 's been brought from the sleeping cabin . 
 the rest of us settle ourselves around the table in the center of the room . 
 as the ship begins to rise , elliott and kent stay outside , but will stumbles into the cabin , his face pale . 
 he busies himself folding several of the maps , and then passing around glasses and several bottles . 
 he motions for henry to help him , and the little boy happily retrieves a basket to help serve everyone . 
 the anonymous girl is staring across the cabin at will . 
 henry tries to get her attention to offer her a slice of bread , but she does n't acknowledge him . 
 when will glances up for a second , she blushes bright red . 
 i glance at april , who is also watching the girl watch will . 
 `` it did n't take her long to forget her boyfriend , '' i say under my breath . 
 but my voice carries , and she hears . 
 she gives me a defiant glare . 
 `` he was my brother . '' 
 i open my mouth , prepared to apologize , but she shakes her head . 
 her eyes are red-rimmed , beyond tears . 
 i understand . 
 i am the only one on this ship who can understand . 
 april leans close to me and whispers , `` i know you 're mad at will ... do n't seem to be speaking to him ... but you could have him if you want . 
 we both know it . 
 even elliott knows it . 
 sometimes the rest of us just need to stare at him for a few minutes . '' 
 she gives me her evil smile , and i marvel at how badly she 's misjudged the situation . 
 will does n't want me . 
 maybe he used to , but now there 's too much guilt between us . 
 and i have gained just enough self-worth not to fall for him again . 
 the ship lurches a few times , and then it feels like we are free of the roof . 
 i was close to convincing elliott to return to the city before we heard the screams . 
 but are we headed that way now ? 
 i stand to go out on deck , but thom comes to the doorway of the small cabin and gestures for me to join him . 
 henry is curled up on one of the cots , and elise looks up when we come in but quickly loses interest in us . 
 `` miss april 's sicker than she knows , '' he says without preamble . 
 `` i 've seen a lot of people with the contagion . 
 none of us know why some die and we do n't . 
 at least we did n't , until the reverend came . '' 
 his voice goes low and worshipful when he speaks of malcontent . 
 `` the reverend ? 
 why did you escape with us , if you think so well of him ? '' 
 i watch his face closely . 
 `` i was afraid of the burning , the flooding . 
 but no matter what he does , malcontent is the only person without the disease who looks at me like he does n't care . '' 
 as if to prove his point , the sore across his cheek begins to ooze , and i have to force myself not to look away . 
 `` i 'm telling you . 
 you need to get miss april back to the city . '' 
 when he says her name , he blushes deep red . 
 `` so there 's nothing to be done ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` people like her would come to your settlement , and they would always die ? '' 
 `` not always , '' he says softly . 
 `` the reverend chose to save some . 
 he might save her . 
 his daughter . '' 
 malcontent did tell april that he could cure her . 
 but i do n't trust him . 
 still , it 's an option if my own father ca n't be found . 
 `` thank you for telling me , '' i say . 
 `` she does n't have much time , miss , '' he says earnestly . 
 and i know that he is speaking the truth . 
 henry follows me back into the main cabin and climbs onto my lap , pressing his face against my neck . 
 even in the weak light of a single lantern , i can see a new bruise at the base of april 's throat . 
 i make sure henry 's mask is secure , and then my own . 
 she catches me and grimaces . 
 shame floods through me , especially after thom just told me how he felt about the way we look at him . 
 but i ca n't help checking henry 's mask a second time . 
 `` does it feel terrible ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . 
 it itches and i look ... '' she trails off . 
 `` i look worse every day , '' she says finally . 
 `` you have your makeup bag . 
 maybe we can do something about it . '' 
 she takes her small mirror from the bag and winces at her reflection . 
 `` let 's do you first . 
 at least you 're still pretty . '' 
 though i 'm restless , i sit still as she pushes my hair back from my face , then gathers it in a bun at the base of my neck . 
 `` we need some feathers , '' she mutters . 
 i smile despite myself . 
 the girl we rescued is watching us , her expression wistful . 
 april may seem silly with her love of bright , sparkly things , but she got me through the aftermath of my own brother 's death . 
 even now , she can make me smile . 
 has this girl , staring at us so intently , ever had a friend ? 
 it 's hard to make them when everyone is dying . 
 `` where did you live ? '' 
 april asks . 
 april only knows a few areas of the city , but it 's better to talk to the girl than to ignore her . 
 `` wherever my brother could find a place , '' the girl says . 
 `` wherever we were together was home . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 april asks . 
 `` mina , '' she answers , before she turns toward the wall . 
 the conversation is over . 
 we do n't say anything else to her . 
 henry has fallen asleep , so i lay him on the cot , tucking a blanket over him before i walk outside . 
 the wind has picked up , though the sky is blessedly free of clouds . 
 as long as i live , i do n't think i 'll ever get used to flying like this . 
 `` so , where are we going ? '' 
 i ask , looking from elliott to kent . 
 i hold my breath . 
 i wo n't go to the prince 's palace . 
 i 'll make them drop me off here , wherever we are . 
 but i 'm not sure how far i will get on my own . 
 `` back to the city , '' elliott says . 
 i wait for him to look at me , but instead he stares out over the wilderness beneath us . 
 `` my city needs me . 
 my people need me . '' 
 `` we ca n't go in during daylight . '' 
 kent smiles . 
 he knows as well as i do that this is our best chance to save april . 
 but then he furrows his brow . 
 `` they shot us down as we were leaving , and it was nearly dark . 
 we 'll have to bring the ship in on a night with no moon . 
 that 's five nights from now . '' 
 five nights ? 
 april does n't have that kind of time . 
 `` we ca n't wait - '' i begin . 
 `` i 'm going in now , '' elliott tells us . 
 `` i 'm tired of waiting . 
 kent can set me down near the outskirts of the city . 
 in five days , i 'll have the roof of the debauchery club ready to conceal the ship . '' 
 kent nods . 
 `` i can put you down half a day 's walk from the city . 
 you can be inside by lunchtime tomorrow . '' 
 `` we 'll have everything ready , '' i say . 
 elliott and kent both turn to me . 
 `` you could wait with us . 
 with april , '' kent says . 
 `` we 'll be back to the city before you know it . '' 
 he watches elliott , as if looking for some sign indicating what elliott wants me to do . 
 elliott 's voice is thoughtful . 
 `` it would be safer for me to go alone . '' 
 `` you need me , '' i say . 
 he does n't ask why , or what i think my presence will accomplish . 
 elliott wo n't find father without me , but i 'm not sure how to convince him of that . 
 and i do n't have to , because he nods . 
 kent presses his lips together , and i 'm certain that he does n't approve . 
 alone in the city for five nights with elliott . 
 the idea is ... daunting . 
 elliott smiles at me . 
 not a friendly smile-a mocking , suggestive one . 
 i 'm not going back to the city simply to keep him company , and he needs to know that . 
 `` we have to find my father quickly so he can help april . 
 help all of us . '' 
 `` you 'll find him , '' kent says . 
 he , at least , is sincere in what he says . 
 i look out , gripping the railing . 
 we 're no longer over the swamp . 
 instead , we 're flying over neat squares of farmland . 
 there are orchards and fields , farms , silos to store the grain . 
 i point , amazed at how orderly and beautiful it is . 
 elliott laughs . 
 `` where did you think the food came from ? 
 we do n't grow it in the city . '' 
 turning to kent , he continues . 
 `` take all of the gold . 
 buy whatever food you can . 
 it must be getting scarce . '' 
 `` the rising swamp threatens these farms as well , '' kent says . 
 `` they need better ways to drain the excess water . '' 
 `` it all comes down to water , '' elliott muses . 
 then , to me , `` we should give him the journal , in case something happens to us . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 he 's asking my permission for something ? 
 unbelievable . 
 `` father would want him to read it , '' i say . 
 father knows i would n't really understand , and he made no secret that he hates elliott . 
 kent takes it reverently . 
 `` i 'll read every word . 
 and we 'll discuss when we are reunited . 
 elliott , find dr. worth and make sure he is safe . 
 he is the key to everything . '' 
 elliott 's slightly singed eyebrows draw together . 
 he does n't like my father any more than my father likes him . 
 `` we 'll find him , and keep him alive , but it wo n't be easy . 
 not with these circulating . '' 
 he hands kent the pamphlet i 'd picked up during our escape and tucked into the journal . 
 `` is this will 's work ? '' 
 the wind picks up and i wish the paper would blow away , but of course kent keeps a firm grip on it . 
 `` no , '' i say , without meaning to . 
 more than anything , i do not want that pamphlet to have anything to do with will . 
 he must have printed it after our friendship had begun . 
 another betrayal . 
 `` will is the only one in the city who is this good , '' kent says reluctantly . 
 his eyes shift over to me . 
 `` but , araby , even if he printed this , it was still about survival . 
 he ran the printing press for money to support himself and the children . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' elliott says . 
 `` or maybe he came under the sway of a certain reverend malcontent . 
 maybe our will had a little religious conversion ? '' 
 below us are apple orchards , rows upon rows of beautiful trees . 
 i try to focus on the beauty of the scene , not the reality that will spent his spare time printing pamphlets calling for my father 's death . 
 will once said that science had failed . 
 could he have been working for malcontent ? 
 if that was the case , was letting the prisoner go a mistake at all ? 
 now it seems even more sinister . 
 `` will never worked for malcontent , '' kent says , with confidence that is clearly bolstered by their long friendship . 
 but he 's never had a reason to doubt will . 
 he gestures to some point in the distance , neatly changing the subject . 
 `` i 'll set you down by that turn in the stream . 
 you 'll want to travel light . '' 
 i turn back to the cabin to grab a few things . 
 `` i 've never trusted will , '' elliott mutters as he follows me into the main cabin . 
 `` especially not now . '' 
 in the cabin , henry is still asleep , but elise is awake , sitting close to april , who has carefully braided her hair . 
 elliott opens a chest sitting in the corner and scoops out an assortment of coins , pouring them into several small leather pouches . 
 `` in case we get separated . '' 
 april looks back and forth between us . 
 `` are we going back into the city tonight ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i hate to leave her , but the way her sores are spreading , people will see that she 's diseased . 
 she would n't be safe on the streets . 
 and she 's not strong enough to fight back . 
 `` we are . 
 not you , '' elliott says . 
 then , to me , `` it 's going to be cold tonight . 
 grab some blankets . '' 
 while april sulks and i collect blankets , elliott puts on a rather bulky coat , and knives disappear into random hidden pockets . 
 then he grabs a valise and sorts what appears to be a chemistry set . 
 he adds several needles and vials , but then , catching my eye , he pockets a silver syringe . 
 i flush , remembering all the times i let him use that syringe to help me find oblivion . 
 he sees the blush on my cheeks and smiles to himself . 
 `` i 'm going with you . '' 
 elliott and i both turn . 
 will is in the doorway . 
 `` no , '' elliott says . 
 he lifts his hand toward the bruise above his eye , and then drops it . 
 `` you are not . '' 
 `` are you sure that you can protect araby ? '' 
 will steps closer to elliott , and though he 's not as muscular , not trained the way elliot has been , he 's tall and confident . 
 the two of them together would make a potential attacker think twice about approaching us . 
 april has settled back against the wall , watching the conversation with great interest . 
 `` who will care for the children ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 `` you 'd abandon them ? '' 
 `` kent . 
 he 's done it before . '' 
 will 's voice is steely . 
 `` this is not your fight , '' elliott says . 
 `` is n't the fate of the entire city in our hands ? '' 
 will asks . 
 `` i could n't possibly stand by and do nothing . '' 
 elliott considers will with a half sneer on his face . 
 `` how do we know you wo n't turn us over to your diseased friends ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 `` i 'll take orders from you , '' will says quietly . 
 `` you do n't know what you 'll find there . 
 it may be worse than any of us have imagined . 
 take me with you . 
 i 'll swear my allegiance to your cause . 
 whatever it takes . '' 
 his words are humble , but his tone and demeanor are not . 
 i open my mouth to intervene , but i do n't know what to say . 
 i wish , quite desperately , that april was going with us . 
 i look to her . 
 she 's laughing to herself , but she understands my silent plea and bites her lip . 
 `` take him with you , '' she says . 
 `` kent and i will care for the children . 
 you 'll need help , and i 've heard will is resourceful . '' 
 elliott slings his bag over his shoulder . 
 `` fine , '' he snaps , and leaves the room . 
 i 'm surprised that he 's agreed , but relieved . 
 the city is dangerous . 
 we need will . 
 will pushes henry 's hair back and pulls the blanket up to the sleeping child 's chin . 
 `` i 'll take care of henry . '' 
 elise puts on a brave face , but i can tell she 's about to cry . 
 she clings to me . 
 i wish i could think of a way to tell her that even if will and i are n't on the best of terms , i still care about her . 
 april and elise follow us out onto the deck . 
 elise wraps her skinny arms around will 's neck , holding him so tightly that i do n't think she 'll let him go . 
 he tugs her hands away from his coat , but she presses her cheek against him . 
 `` i have to go with araby , '' will tells her . 
 `` she needs my help . '' 
 but still his sister clutches him . 
 until kent comes to the rescue . 
 `` elise , will you help me steer the ship ? '' 
 elise sets her jaw and finally lets go . 
 april takes my arm . 
 the wind blows her blond hair back , and when she tosses her head , you could almost forget she is sick . 
 except for the sores , oozing and deadly . 
 before elliott took me into prospero 's castle , he asked if i would risk my safety to save her . 
 my answer has n't changed ; i 'll do whatever i must to help her survive . 
 she wo n't die , not like finn . 
 later we 'll laugh about how afraid we were , about the weeks when she had the contagion , and how she beat it . 
 she gives me a quick hug . 
 `` take care of elliott , '' she says . 
 and then , because she 's april and ca n't seem to help herself , she adds with a wink , `` and will . '' 
 `` the ladder is down , '' kent says . 
 he has one hand on elise 's shoulder and the other on the wooden wheel , which she is holding steady . 
 `` keep them safe , '' i say to him . 
 `` and april , too . '' 
 elliott is already climbing down the rope ladder , carefully balancing his bag and a musket . 
 his sword and his walking stick-which conceals a second sword-are strung across his back . 
 i sling my bag over my good shoulder . 
 `` sorry i could n't bring the ship down . 
 we 're too close to the city , '' kent says to will , whose face is a chalky white . 
 he 's terrified of heights . 
 when he took me up in the hot-air balloon , he could barely open his eyes . 
 i hesitate , wondering if i should let him go first , but he gestures for me to descend . 
 kent has the ship just above tree level , and the wind whips the ladder from side to side . 
 it 's all i can do to hold on , but by the time i 'm halfway down i realize that i 'm enjoying the wind through my hair . 
 the air is cool and smells of pine needles . 
 i feel for the next rung , and then the one beneath it . 
 when i am close enough , elliott grabs me and swings me down . 
 `` we 'll camp here , '' he says . 
 `` and enter the city in the morning . '' 
 enter the city . 
 it 's what i fought for , but still the prospect leaves me cold with dread . 
 i stand beside elliott and try to watch will descend , without drawing elliott 's attention . 
 elise froze when she was climbing to the airship as we escaped the city . 
 and her terror masked will 's fear then . 
 the ship veers to the right , and will drops from dangerously high but lands on his feet . 
 he gives a little laugh , but his bravado ca n't disguise how pale he is . 
 the three of us quickly gather firewood , and elliott hovers near me , as if he 's protecting me . 
 from whatever is out there in the dark , or from will ? 
 elliott wears his sword and carries a musket . 
 the sword looks completely natural at his side , but the gun is unwieldy . 
 will starts a fire , and elliott sets about boiling water to brew some sort of bitter tea . 
 `` i do n't trust the water out here , '' he explains . 
 `` of course , i do n't trust the water in the city either . '' 
 i imagine the bloated dead bodies that might be lying upstream . 
 elliott has taken charge , which leaves me and will with nothing to do , but somehow it 's comforting that he 's his old irritatingly confident self . 
 it helps me believe that he may be able to take control of the city as well . 
 the forest is so different from the swamp . 
 for one thing , the ground beneath us is reassuringly solid . 
 the crackle of the fire ca n't mask the sound of the stream , or the wind whispering through the leaves . 
 the scent of pine needles is sharp but fresh . 
 it was humid in the swamp , but now that the sun is going down , the chill is setting in . 
 tonight seems likely to be unseasonably cold , and i start to shiver and ca n't seem to stop . 
 elliott sets a cup of tea near will 's feet , then settles down and pulls me into his arms . 
 i should move away , but he 's so warm . 
 so i give in and rest against his chest . 
 his legs stretch on either side of me , and after i appropriate a blanket from the stack , my shivering stops . 
 after a few moments , when he does nothing improper , i relax as much as i can in the wilderness at night . 
 our fire casts only a small circle of light , and the moon overhead does n't penetrate the shadows beyond it . 
 i 've never slept outside . 
 it 's more frightening than sleeping alone with finn , in the basement . 
 elliott senses my nervousness and pulls me closer . 
 `` we need to keep watches through the night , '' he tells will . 
 `` i 'll take the first . '' 
 he tosses will a blanket . 
 as i turn my head slightly to watch the flight of the blanket , elliott 's lips graze my cheek . 
 so much for propriety . 
 `` wake me when it 's my turn . '' 
 will wraps himself in his blanket , lying with his back to us . 
 elliott and i sit in silence for what seems like a very long time . 
 finally he says , `` you should get some sleep . '' 
 his voice is intimate and low , but not a whisper . 
 a whisper would be bereft of the actual timbre of his voice , and in the darkness , with my back pressing against him , the sound of it thrills me , despite myself . 
 `` i 've had plenty of rest , thanks to your drugs , '' i say , more sharply than i meant to . 
 i 'm trembling again , even though i 'm no longer cold . 
 `` you 're scared , '' he says . 
 `` of returning to the city ? 
 it is what you wanted . '' 
 just because you know something is right does n't mean it is n't terrifying . 
 but i do n't say anything . 
 after a moment , i nod . 
 though it 's dark , surely he can feel the movement . 
 `` is it your father ? '' 
 he asks , but i 'm not ready for that discussion . 
 `` can we not talk ? '' 
 my voice is also low , and somehow much more intimate than i meant it to be . 
 `` i 'm not complaining , '' he says . 
 `` it 's nice , sitting here with you . 
 much warmer . '' 
 i shift to see if his expression is as sincere as his voice sounds , and our faces are so close . 
 i should turn away , but i do n't . 
 i kiss him . 
 an owl hoots somewhere in the trees above us . 
 elliott twists so that we 're lying on the ground . 
 for a brief moment , all i can think is that it 's different than it 's been with him before . 
 he raises my chin with his hand , and he 's frustratingly gentle , as if he wants this moment to go on and on . 
 and it does . 
 it 's a very long time before i pull back to take a ragged breath . 
 `` we have to find a way to get some privacy , '' he whispers . 
 `` soon . '' 
 i rest my face against his chest , to keep myself from inviting more . 
 is privacy with elliott what i want ? 
 how can i even think about this when my father is missing and his sister is dying ? 
 i told kent that i was n't interested in romance . 
 elliott is n't the only liar in our midst . 
 `` go to sleep , araby . 
 tomorrow will be here before you know it . '' 
 he sits up , and i remember that he is supposed to be on first watch , protecting us from ... whatever is out there in the night . 
 not kissing me . 
 `` i can take a turn , '' i offer , since i 'm certain i 'll never fall asleep . 
 `` it seems fairly quiet out here , and no one will be expecting our return , '' elliott says , looking out into the darkness . 
 `` i 'm not tired . 
 i 'm not sure i 'll even need to wake will . '' 
 `` i 'm awake , '' will says . 
 chapter six in the frigid darkness , my face heats up , my entire body flushes . 
 will is awake . 
 lying there with his back to us , but awake . 
 the whole time . 
 `` well then , you can take the watch for a few hours , '' elliott says . 
 he prods the fire once , then lies down close to me . 
 i stay very still , trying to make myself small , unnoticed . 
 after what seems like forever , elliott 's breathing evens out . 
 will does n't say anything . 
 he just sits and stares into the fire . 
 i listen to the sounds of the forest , wishing he would speak . 
 he must know that i 'm awake . 
 the night is interminable . 
 at dawn , will puts more wood on the fire and begins making fresh tea . 
 i sit up and pull a twig from my hair , and then another . 
 will holds out a cup without looking at me . 
 `` would you like some of this ... ? '' 
 i take it , frowning at the contents . 
 `` elliott has some audacity , calling this stuff tea . '' 
 `` elliott is n't lacking in audacity , '' will replies . 
 elliott 's lips quirk just a bit . 
 i prod him lightly with my foot . 
 `` you can open your eyes , i know you 're listening . '' 
 `` of course i 'm listening , '' he says , stretching . 
 `` it 's what audacious people do . '' 
 he pours himself a cup of steaming tea . 
 `` you two will have to hope we reach the city quickly . 
 this is all the breakfast we have . '' 
 will takes the water pail and heads for the stream . 
 i glance at elliott , but then i follow . 
 i do n't know what to say to will , but after his long silence last night , i need to say something . 
 to apologize . 
 he scoops a pail of water from the deepest part of the stream . 
 `` now that we know the red death can spread through water , too , i wish it was flowing toward the city , rather than from it , '' he says . 
 he does n't have to mention the dead bodies that must line the streets by now . 
 `` because it 's any better when it comes from the swamp ? '' 
 will sighs . 
 `` we do n't have any great choices here , do we ? '' 
 i could ask him if we 're still talking about water sources , but i do n't really want to know . 
 and i do n't have to anyway . 
 he sets down the pail and looks at me . 
 `` be careful , araby . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows and wait for him to continue . 
 `` with elliott . '' 
 elliott is n't the only one with audacity . 
 i wo n't have this conversation . 
 turning back to our campsite , i slip on a wet stone . 
 i do n't fall , but keeping my balance pulls my wounded shoulder , and i gasp . 
 `` i should check that later , '' he says . 
 i stiffen , willing the pain to dull , but i 'm glad for the change of subject . 
 `` thank you for stitching me up , '' i say . 
 `` i seem to have a talent for it . '' 
 the comment takes me back to the warmth of his apartment . 
 my skinned knee . 
 the children watching from the doorway as he painstakingly removed the splinter from my hand . 
 perhaps he should train to be a doctor . 
 except that profession is n't safe-in a time of plague , doctors die faster than anyone . 
 `` why did you let the prisoner go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i did n't , '' he says . 
 `` thom did . '' 
 now i do lose my footing , and would fall , if he did n't lunge forward to steady me . 
 he grabs my elbow and loops an arm around my waist , but he 's behind me so i ca n't see his expression . 
 `` thom ? 
 then why did n't you - '' `` because elliott would have killed him . 
 elliott is n't exactly a friend to those with the disease . 
 he was going to kill the prisoner , and he wanted a reason to kill the boy . '' 
 i 'm afraid that he 's right . 
 `` but you made yourself look like a traitor . '' 
 i almost add `` again . '' 
 `` i made myself look like a fool . 
 but the boy is alive . '' 
 he did make himself look like a fool . 
 i glance back to the campsite . 
 surely elliott is getting suspicious , wondering why it 's taking us so long to get water . 
 `` thom 's with april and the children . 
 is it safe ? 
 did he know that the prisoner was the hunter , that he was a murderer ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 thom would n't hurt april or the children . 
 i 'm sure of that . '' 
 you can never be sure . 
 he taught me that . 
 `` when i spoke to the hunter , he seemed tragic , desperate , '' will continues . 
 `` everyone in the city is desperate , '' i say . 
 i 'm stepping away from him . 
 `` have you ever seen elliott kill someone ? '' 
 he spins me around , forces me to look at him . 
 `` i have . 
 he murdered an unarmed man with one sword stroke , wiped the blade with his handkerchief , and called for servants to get rid of the body . 
 he smiled as he did it . '' 
 `` good thing he did n't borrow your handkerchief , '' i snap . 
 `` the one you keep clean in case a pretty girl needs to cry on your shoulder . '' 
 we live in a society where people die every day . 
 i will not allow will to pull me in with these confidences , not with the fact that he 'd risk himself to save a boy 's life . 
 not with his warnings about elliott . 
 i start back to the campfire , giving will a last glare . 
 he shakes his head slightly but does n't seem surprised that i 'm walking away . 
 elliott has put out the campfire and repacked our supplies . 
 i wait for him to say something , but he 's staring toward the city , lost in his own thoughts . 
 i sling my pack over my shoulder , and the three of us begin to walk . 
 the woods thin as we near the city . 
 `` so , we 're going to the debauchery club ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , but since we have four days , we 're going to search the city for your father first . 
 and for that magical pumping station that could save us from the swamp , and maybe from the red death . '' 
 `` you think it 's real ? '' 
 `` your father seemed to believe so . 
 do you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 my father never mentioned it , and the references in his journal are unclear . 
 `` where do you suppose we should start our search for the venerable dr. worth ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 `` the last time we saw him was behind the science building at the university , '' i say . 
 `` he 's comfortable in that area . '' 
 `` then that 's the first place we 'll look , '' elliott says . 
 will has been silent all morning , but now he speaks up , peering to the side of the road . 
 `` is that a steam carriage ? '' 
 up ahead , a closed-in steam carriage appears to have crashed in the woods . 
 `` yes . '' 
 elliott pushes ahead of us . 
 `` a rather nice one , '' he observes . 
 `` i might be able to get it working - '' will and i stop beside him . 
 i 'm the first to see the arm , peeking out from under the ornate scrollwork , draped by a lacy shawl . 
 `` party finery , '' i say . 
 `` they must 've been going - '' `` to my uncle 's ball . '' 
 elliott readjusts his mask . 
 `` but how did they die ? 
 the contagion or the red death ? '' 
 `` red death , '' will says . 
 `` if they were invited to the party , they had masks . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 i put my hand on his arm . 
 `` either way , they are contagious . 
 we ca n't risk it , elliott . 
 standing over an infected body is still dangerous . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 elliott looks at the carriage wistfully . 
 `` what a shame . 
 it 's lovely . '' 
 `` beautiful sentiment , '' will scoffs . 
 `` i 'm sure the owners were very proud of their carriage . 
 care to step away from it ? 
 i 'd rather not catch the red death . '' 
 as we continue , my bag feels heavier and heavier . 
 elliott keeps one hand on his sword , as if he can fight off the disease . 
 the road turns , and the river blocks our path . 
 we have to cross a low bridge to enter the city from this direction . 
 it 's built of white stone ; cool to the touch , i learn when i reach out for the railing . 
 the water is about a foot lower than usual . 
 it ripples over knees and elbows and faces with the same cheerful sound it makes when flowing over the smooth stones that line the bank . 
 i break our prolonged silence to ask , `` do either of you ... smell something ? '' 
 `` it 's death , '' elliott says . 
 `` or , more precisely , the city . '' 
 i look away , to the buildings that line the shore : a simple white church that is , astoundingly , unscathed by vandalism ; some apartment buildings ; a house with a corpse hanging from a balcony . 
 he has a sign pinned to his shirt , and i strain to make out the writing . 
 did he hang himself , or was he a victim of violence ? 
 did he pin the sign to his shirt before tying the noose and jumping from the balcony , or was it attached to him later ? 
 `` araby ? '' 
 elliott breaks my trance . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to find an inn . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 i am too . 
 despite the death and decay around us , despite the stench of corpses decomposing in the city streets , i am ravenous . 
 we pass to the other side of the bridge , like so many others who have come and gone in this dying city , and there 's no one to notice . 
 the streets are mostly deserted , but i see faces watching us from behind sheer curtains . 
 men lounge in doorways . 
 a man in uniform , a courier perhaps , hurries toward the market . 
 he has a gun but moves nervously . 
 red scythes have been painted on the sides of many buildings . 
 one on a warehouse has a staff that is nearly two stories tall . 
 elliott frowns . 
 a few blocks away , near an inn , is a heap of something white . 
 bones ? 
 `` masks , '' elliott says when we get closer , prodding them with his foot . 
 a nearly intact one falls over the toe of his boot . 
 from the corner of my eye , i catch sight of a man with a dark robe . 
 could malcontent 's men have found us already ? 
 he slides something from his pocket , coming straight toward us . 
 i open my mouth to scream , but elliott shoves me through the door of an inn . 
 i turn back , but will puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 elliott is blocking the door , sword in hand . 
 i push will away , but before i get any farther , elliott turns , sheathing his blade . 
 `` coward , '' elliott mutters . 
 `` he ran when he saw i was armed . '' 
 i release the breath that i was holding , relieved that we have n't come to violence in our first few moments back . 
 but elliott slams his fist down on a wooden table , as angry as i 've ever seen him . 
 `` malcontent 's men do n't have to come close enough to fight . 
 they can sidle up to unarmed people and infect them . '' 
 his face is red . 
 `` i know how to fight a tyrant . 
 i do n't know how to fight a disease . '' 
 i struggle for the right words . 
 my father 's life was spent fighting a disease , but of course , he knew more about it than anyone suspected . 
 except prospero . 
 the inn is crowded , but conversation is muffled . 
 the patrons look tattered , dirty . 
 will threads his way through and claims a table . 
 we stow our packs underneath . 
 when the innkeeper comes over , he 's surprised that we want food . 
 `` most people just want to drink , '' he says . 
 `` to forget . '' 
 he gives us the menu for the day , finishing with a dark `` it will cost you . '' 
 `` that wo n't be a problem . '' 
 elliott drops a piece of gold onto the table . 
 the innkeeper picks it up to examine it , and when he sees elliott 's sign on the coin , his demeanor changes . 
 he hurries to the kitchen and brings back a tray , then hovers over elliott , answering questions about the availability of food . 
 supplies are low , but people with money are not starving . 
 most people do not have money . 
 `` in many areas , the streets are impassable , '' the innkeeper adds . 
 `` bodies are everywhere . '' 
 i stop eating , but he continues . 
 `` no one is sure what happened to the corpse collectors . 
 some say that the prince stopped paying them . '' 
 he looks quickly to elliott , as if he might have the answer , but elliott shrugs . 
 `` personally , i think they 're all dead themselves . '' 
 he shudders . 
 `` does n't matter who they are-if someone can remove the dead from the streets , the city will be theirs . '' 
 `` and once the streets have been cleared of the dead , we 'll have a way to bring in food , '' elliott suggests . 
 `` exactly , '' the innkeeper beams . 
 `` araby , you need to eat , '' will says softly from across the table . 
 his expression reminds me of the way my mother used to watch me . 
 i am free while mother is a prisoner . 
 i have plenty of food while other people are starving . 
 the guilt makes me feel even less like eating . 
 `` people are ready for some good news , '' the innkeeper intones , looking around the common room . 
 so many are drinking though it is n't even midday yet , and the air is one of gloom , not the boisterous one of freely flowing wine . 
 `` i hope that my return to the city is good news , '' elliott says . 
 `` i have plans . '' 
 he drops his voice , and will chooses this moment to scold me once again . 
 `` araby , '' he says in the voice he uses with elise and henry . 
 `` eat some bread . '' 
 he slides the basket across the table at me . 
 i take it angrily , and when i do , the sleeve of my dress tears loudly enough to draw elliott 's attention . 
 `` you need something new , '' he says . 
 the innkeeper takes the hint and hurries away . 
 it 's heartening that elliott has found support here , at the first establishment we 've visited . 
 perhaps people are still capable of hope . 
 i hope that i will have the same success on my mission of finding father . 
 moments later , the innkeeper 's wife brings a dress to the table for my inspection . 
 it 's overly large , demure , and has a busy flowered print . 
 i start to say that no , i would never wear this , but then the innkeeper speaks from behind his wife . 
 `` it belonged to my daughter . 
 she 's been dead for two years now . '' 
 `` will it do ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 i take the dress . 
 it 's even more shapeless than i expected , faded from multiple washings . 
 it looks like a dress sewn for a twelve-year-old . 
 a large twelve-year-old . 
 the innkeeper 's wife has tears in her eyes . 
 `` lovely , '' i say , wondering if i can repair the damage to my own dress instead . 
 elliott counts out a few extra coins , but the man wo n't take his money . 
 `` we are glad that you 've returned , '' he says . 
 `` my brother was one of prospero 's former guards . 
 when he defected to your cause , the rebellion gave him something to live for . '' 
 elliott nods slowly . 
 `` spread the word . 
 we 'll need a meeting place ... . '' 
 `` some of the men have already been gathering here . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 i 'll return tomorrow , around noon , to rendezvous with whomever you can contact . '' 
 the innkeeper beams , but his wife looks more skeptical . 
 she has lost her daughter . 
 nothing elliott does will change that . 
 the innkeeper arranges for one of his workers to drive us across town in an illicit steam carriage . 
 `` i would give it to you , '' he tells elliott , `` but we use it to fetch supplies , and without transportation ... '' `` i wo n't ask that of you . '' 
 elliott claps the man on the shoulder , seeming for all the world like a ruler already . 
 but i see the way he looks at the carriage when we go outside . 
 it is n't fancy like april 's , or modified for speed like his old one , but it 's transportation in a city where movement is limited . 
 he wo n't take it today , but he does n't have to . 
 we 've all seen that the innkeeper hides it in an abandoned building behind his establishment . 
 he sends a driver and a guard with us . 
 the guard has two guns and stands in the back , on a platform similar to what april 's guards used to occupy . 
 `` drive along the river , '' elliott requests . 
 `` i want to have a look at the factories . '' 
 a corpse blocks the street , so the guard gets out and moves it , carefully using a wooden beam that he seems to keep on hand for this exact purpose . 
 `` not many carriages for hire , it seems , '' elliott remarks , watching with an air of longing as the driver works the controls . 
 `` prince prospero has been commandeering them , '' the man says . 
 `` his men take them at gunpoint . '' 
 `` yet another challenge to moving enough food into the city , '' elliott says . 
 we are driving past an entire city block that has burned . 
 some walls are still intact , even a blackened window . 
 in a partial wall a brick fireplace stands alone , charred and abandoned . 
 `` have prospero 's soldiers tried to take this carriage ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 he 's scanning the buildings that line the river . 
 `` more than once , '' the driver says . 
 `` we know a few hiding spots . '' 
 elliott grins his approval . 
 `` i like a man who can avoid prospero 's traps , '' he says . 
 the taciturn driver nods . 
 `` turn ahead , '' elliott says . 
 `` we 'll want to approach the university from the upper city . '' 
 we 've been gone for less than a week , but i 'm seeing the city through fresh eyes . 
 i glance at will . 
 once he tried to make me see the beauty of this place , but there is so little left . 
 everything is dirty , crumbling , gray . 
 a sickly sweet smell pervades everything , and i try not to gag . 
 abandoned objects litter the road . 
 a child 's hair bow , a wooden soldier , a fine silver flask that someone must have treasured . 
 instead of dwelling on these things , i focus my attention on the buildings . 
 so many are simply shells and ruins , but the city does n't feel emptier . 
 behind a collapsed apartment building we see more tenements , an exposed cellar , as if the layers of the city have been peeled back , revealing more and more . 
 the hole that was once a cellar is now filled with greenish water . 
 elliott pays the driver and salutes both the guard and driver before sending them back across town . 
 we 're on the main avenue , and while stately trees still stand , the stately buildings have collapsed into piles of white rubble behind cracked marble columns . 
 several are completely gutted . 
 elliott set his old apartment on fire before we left . 
 perhaps it caught other buildings on fire , too . 
 windows are smashed and glass gleams from both grassy areas and the streets . 
 the walls of the science building are chipped from gunfire . 
 i hear the stream gurgling before we reach it . 
 the sound of running water is soothing amid all the destruction , but the bank is empty . 
 i had n't expected father to just sit here , waiting for me to return . 
 still , i 'm disappointed . 
 above the stream , where father used to come feed the fish , is a hand-painted sign . 
 down with science . 
 the scientists are murderers . 
 `` the scientist is a murderer , '' elliott agrees , but he shuts his mouth when he sees the expression on my face . 
 will does n't say anything . 
 `` let 's look inside , '' elliott says , leading us around to the side of the science building . 
 he tests a door , and the lock is broken , so it swings wide . 
 the smell in the hallway is overpowering . 
 i put my hand to my mask , and my eyes begin to water . 
 `` is anyone here ? '' 
 elliott calls . 
 `` no one who was even half alive would stay here . '' 
 will chokes out the words . 
 a body is sprawled across the hallway . 
 elliott takes my arm and attempts to pull me outside . 
 `` will can check . 
 he 'd recognize - '' `` no . '' 
 i wo n't allow them to protect me . 
 `` let her look , '' will says . 
 `` she needs to know . '' 
 `` besides , '' i say , once we 've stepped over the body and i can think a bit more clearly , `` whatever bodies we find ... father wo n't have died of the red death . '' 
 will 's dark eyebrows go up . 
 he does n't know about the tiny vial that father gave me , which may , perhaps , save me from the red death . 
 if we can find him , maybe he can provide the same medicine for the children . 
 and will and elliott . 
 we pass several large lecture rooms strewn with blankets and discarded clothing , but everything seems to be abandoned now . 
 some of the rooms have charts on the walls , with latin terms that father would understand , but i do n't . 
 under a chart are some other notices , messages for the people who stayed here . 
 times and places for meetings . 
 i reach out to touch the scrip about a rendezvous that happened sometime last winter . 
 we search all of the rooms . 
 nothing . 
 elliott sees how disappointed i am . 
 `` it was our best place to begin , '' he says . 
 `` the university is huge , araby . 
 hundreds of rental rooms in dormitories . 
 we 'll keep searching , and i know a man who can help us . 
 we 'll check the akkadian towers as soon as we can . '' 
 `` we have four days until april returns . '' 
 will 's tone is reassuring . 
 `` plenty of time . '' 
 we leave the building through the wide double doors of the front entrance . 
 above them are the words experiment on the scientist . 
 show him how it feels . 
 i stare at the words for a long time . 
 father may not be susceptible to the red death , but that does n't mean he 's safe . 
 he 'll be doing everything he can to stay hidden from people like the ones who wrote that . 
 he could be anywhere . 
 we might never find him . 
 but what if he could find me ? 
 `` where could i get paint ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm sure will can find some . '' 
 elliott gives will a challenging look , perhaps reminding him of his promise to follow orders . 
 `` i 'm good at finding things , '' will agrees . 
 `` you want something dark to put your own message on the walls ? '' 
 he can read me too well . 
 i nod . 
 `` we 'll split up , '' elliott says . 
 `` it 's growing late . 
 my acquaintance wo n't answer his door after dark . 
 meet us on the steps of the library in an hour . '' 
 elliott walks away . 
 i do n't like the way he assumes that i will follow . 
 if i go with will , it might communicate something to elliott . 
 but i know what will is doing . 
 elliott 's visit to this person-who he does not refer to as a friend-is more mysterious . 
 i do n't have to hurry to catch up with elliott . 
 he 's only taken three steps around the corner and stopped . 
 our way is blocked by a pile of freshly dead bodies . 
 chapter seven i 've seen dead bodies nearly every day since the first plague started , but never so many at once . 
 they are heaped together , lying all intertwined . 
 i gag like will did in the science building and force myself not to be sick . 
 the carefully tended lawn , once so vibrant and green , is totally obscured . 
 most of the bodies are in shrouds , but some untended corpses lie around the periphery . 
 red tears stain their cheeks . 
 one is holding a bouquet of wilting flowers . 
 did she bring her loved ones here , and then die herself ? 
 this disease leaves you little time to mourn . 
 little time to live with guilt and loneliness . 
 people are dying so quickly . 
 i want to shield myself from the awfulness , but i ca n't stop looking . 
 puddles surround the corpses . 
 soon this rainwater will mix with the groundwater , spreading further contamination . 
 the innkeeper was right-whoever can rid the city of these bodies will be a hero . 
 it is the first step in saving the city . 
 `` step away , '' elliott says , even as he goes closer . 
 he does n't check to see if i 've obeyed , and i do n't . 
 taking a vial of liquid from his pocket , he pours something over the nearest victim and then lights a match . 
 as he drops it , he takes a quick step backward . 
 despite the recent rain , the corpse catches fire immediately . 
 the blaze is very hot , hotter than any fire i 've ever encountered , and the smell is terrible . 
 elliott 's face is illuminated by the blaze . 
 he looks radiant . 
 `` if i can mix enough of this compound , find enough men , i can begin to clear some of the streets . '' 
 he empties two more vials over the heap , lights another match , and soon most of the bodies are burning . 
 what he 's doing is terrible in its own way . 
 cremation is better than leaving the bodies here , it must be . 
 but one of the women who died here was blonde , and when her hair begins to burn , all i can see is april 's face . 
 i crumple to my knees , tears streaming down my cheeks . 
 we have to find a way to save her . 
 i wo n't let her end up like this . 
 elliott does n't comment , and i 'm glad . 
 i collect myself and stand . 
 `` where next ? '' 
 `` this way . '' 
 we walk , gingerly , around the burning bodies , to a main avenue lined with tall , cramped buildings where students used to live . 
 rows of identical doors face a paved courtyard . 
 elliott 's gaze darts everywhere , searching all of the alleys and shadowy nooks . 
 a wise precaution , since men in dark robes seem to appear wherever we are . 
 i watch over my shoulder as elliott raps on a door . 
 `` the man who lives here knows a good deal about the university and what is happening here . 
 he also garners information from throughout the city . '' 
 `` if father has been seen ... '' `` he 'll know . '' 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` listen . 
 this man ... does n't have much reason to like me . '' 
 he pounds on the door again , harder . 
 when we hear slow footsteps from inside , elliott shifts from one foot to the other . 
 a completely unexpected emotion crosses his face . 
 he 's nervous . 
 the door begins to open , and for a moment i see my father standing on the threshold . 
 but of course the person inside the apartment is n't my father , just an older gentleman with a white beard . 
 `` the prince 's nephew , '' the man says , sounding neither surprised nor pleased . 
 but elliott braces himself , throwing his shoulders back before he pushes me into the room and closes the door behind us . 
 the room is sparsely furnished with a cheap desk , a couple of rickety chairs , and a doorway leading to what might be a bedroom , or possibly a kitchen . 
 i study the occupant 's lined face , but he hardly seems threatening . 
 what makes elliott so nervous ? 
 `` so you 're following your uncle 's footsteps , taking over cities ? '' 
 he asks . 
 elliott nods . 
 this is the first time since we 've reentered the city that he has n't seemed proud of his role . 
 `` have you abandoned your writing ? 
 i 'd always hoped to read your account of the day you and i met . 
 but then i heard you 'd burned everything you left . '' 
 `` as usual , you heard correctly . 
 i 'm ... fighting for the city . 
 things will be better when i 'm in control . '' 
 his usual arrogance is starting to seep back in . 
 `` your uncle did train you to continue his work . '' 
 `` we both know what my uncle did , '' elliott says . 
 `` let 's go downstairs . '' 
 `` the girl stays up here . '' 
 the man eyes me with distrust . 
 `` i go where he goes , '' i say . 
 i expect an argument , but the man just turns and leads us downstairs . 
 elliott looks pained , as if the man 's rapid acquiescence hurts him . 
 `` you will have to unlock the door to the workshop , '' the man says , and he turns to elliott and holds up his hands . 
 my gasp is loud in this small subterranean antechamber . 
 his hands are not really hands at all-rather a formless mass , as if he does n't have any bones beneath the scarred flesh . 
 elliott jerks away as though he 's been punched . 
 in fact , he looks worse than when will actually did hit him yesterday . 
 when he finds his voice , he gets out only a strangled `` of course . '' 
 elliott turns a series of locks and opens the door gingerly . 
 the man leads us across his cellar to another , narrower doorway with the muffled noises of movement on the other side . 
 when he opens the door , the cellar floods with light from rows upon rows of gas bulbs in the room beyond . 
 it is lined with clocks , and there are tables covered with cogs and gears of all sizes and shades of shiny metal . 
 the clocks are ticking and their parts are turning . 
 as we step in , i realize with amazement that they are all set to the exact same time , that the thousands of parts are all moving together . 
 it 's astounding . 
 `` i make clocks , '' the man says with a half smile . 
 `` or he does . '' 
 a boy sits at a low table , putting gears together with nimble fingers . 
 a wide table sits against the wall opposite the clocks , with an assortment of mismatched chairs . 
 this would have been a wonderful place for students to congregate before the plague . 
 `` the domain of artists , scholars , and poets . '' 
 elliott sounds wistful . 
 `` they still meet here . 
 the group that you started , '' the clockmaker says . 
 but we have no time for nostalgia . 
 the clocks tick , and it 's getting late . 
 we told will we 'd be back in an hour . 
 `` have you heard anything about dr. phineas worth ? '' 
 i ask , since it 's the point of our visit . 
 `` the scientist who invented the masks ? '' 
 `` i 've heard many things about him , '' the clockmaker replies , and i feel ill , waiting for him to tell me whether my father is dead . 
 `` but nothing recent . 
 the last i heard he was chased off campus about a week ago by prospero 's soldiers . '' 
 elliott and i exchange a look . 
 that was the last time we saw my father . 
 elliott called off the soldiers , but one was loyal to his uncle and shot at father anyway . 
 `` dr. worth is in hiding . 
 i need you to organize a few spies to scour the campus . 
 they will be compensated for their efforts , rewarded if they find the man . '' 
 elliott picks up one of the gears from a table and toys with it . 
 the clockmaker inclines his head . 
 `` i 'll arrange a full-fledged search . 
 if he 's on campus , we 'll find him . '' 
 the boy looks up at us , drawing his master 's attention . 
 `` the others will search . 
 you need to keep working , '' he says , and then to elliott , `` he 's my only trained apprentice , and we have a large commission . 
 from your uncle . '' 
 the gear falls from elliott 's hand , hitting the wooden table with a loud thunk . 
 `` the prince wants a great clock . 
 the biggest i 've ever built . 
 and he wants it soon . '' 
 the clockmaker gestures to the wooden body of what will be an enormous ebony grandfather clock . 
 it 's beautifully crafted , but the dark wood and austere lines are imposing . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` prince prospero does n't deign to tell a clockmaker why he wants a clock , '' the man answers . 
 `` is it for his party ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 `` does it do anything besides mark the hour ? '' 
 he walks over to the clock and puts his hands on the wood of the casing . 
 `` are there weapons inside ? 
 does it dispense poisonous gas ? '' 
 `` if he wants to install instruments of torture , he 'll have to do that himself . 
 i only design the clockwork . '' 
 `` my uncle loves oddities , '' elliott murmurs . 
 `` but a huge clock ? '' 
 he looks over the cabinet one last time . 
 `` i thought you swore never to make anything for him again . '' 
 `` the boy is making it . '' 
 i clear my throat . 
 this cryptic conversation is n't going to find my father . 
 the clockmaker turns to me . 
 his eyes are piercing . 
 he studies me while asking elliott , `` does she love you ? '' 
 even after the audacity of the question , he does n't look back at elliott . 
 my face burns at the personal question , and my anger builds at being discussed this way . 
 still , i wait to hear elliott 's answer . 
 `` not yet , '' elliott says . 
 `` but she will . 
 araby 's used to loving people who 've done terrible things . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` i would n't count on it , '' i say quietly , and i do n't bother to look at elliott either . 
 if all he can do is ignore me or talk for me , he does n't deserve any better . 
 the clockmaker smiles , as if my words amuse him . 
 `` shall we test her ? '' 
 he asks . 
 without waiting for an answer , he holds up his mangled hands . 
 `` elliott did this , '' he says . 
 the shock of it is like the time finn jumped on my chest and knocked the air out of me . 
 `` he was n't much older than my apprentice , '' the clockmaker says . 
 `` though his hands were less steady . 
 this boy is well trained . '' 
 `` so was i. '' elliott 's face is drained of color , and his voice is hoarse . 
 many emotions cross the clockmaker 's face . 
 hatred for elliott , remorse , worry . 
 `` my wife and my children died of the plague very early , '' he says . 
 `` the prince never had an opportunity to hurt them . 
 be careful , my dear . '' 
 `` i 'm through being careful , '' i say . 
 i 'm sorry for his pain , and i 'm sorry for elliott 's guilt . 
 but none of this is helping me save april . 
 i step back toward the corridor and notice a small , nearly concealed door . 
 `` how is prospero paying you ? '' 
 elliott asks the clockmaker . 
 `` clockwork parts . 
 scrap metal from his storerooms . 
 and this . '' 
 the clockmaker goes to a cabinet and pushes the door open with his wrist . 
 he has just enough movement in his thumb that he can clumsily pick up a thick envelope . 
 it 's an invitation to the prince 's ball . 
 `` why would you ever want to return to the palace ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 while they are occupied , i take a few steps closer to the small door . 
 when i lived with father and finn in the cellar , there was a door like this in the room father adopted as his laboratory . 
 he always kept it blocked with heavy boxes and a wardrobe . 
 `` i never thought i would , but if things get worse here , i may seek sanctuary there . '' 
 `` sanctuary ? '' 
 elliott 's eyebrows shoot up , truly surprised . 
 `` the invitation is for two . 
 i could save the boy . 
 better for him to live among evil men than die of the red death . '' 
 i reach out to the door and turn a green-tinged brass knob . 
 neither elliott nor the clockmaker notice my movement , though the little apprentice looks up for a moment . 
 `` you wo n't have to go , '' elliott says . 
 `` i 'm working to make the city safe . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 elliott starts to say something and then stops , shaking his head . 
 `` i have something else to ask , and it 's important . '' 
 i 'm edging closer to the little door , but the urgency in his voice makes me pause . 
 `` tell me about the device that is supposed to hold back the swamp . '' 
 the clockmaker 's gaze shoots up . 
 `` people have talked about it for years . 
 the commonly accepted belief is that it never existed . '' 
 `` but you do n't believe that . '' 
 the clockmaker smiles . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't . 
 i know that it existed , because i made parts for it . '' 
 elliott strides forward . 
 the clockmaker falls back , nearly cowering . 
 but elliott does n't apologize , not now . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he demands . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` that is the mystery . 
 i never saw it assembled . 
 the scientists who built it have either died or disappeared into your uncle 's dungeons . 
 all i can tell you is that there are two keys . 
 they look like watch keys , but bigger . 
 to begin the machine , both keys have to be turned simultaneously . '' 
 `` and where are these keys ? '' 
 `` they 're in prospero 's throne room , '' i hear myself say . 
 both elliott and the clockmaker spin to face me . 
 i remember seeing them during the terrible visit elliott and i paid to the castle only a few weeks ago . 
 they were on a table under a green glass window . 
 two gold keys among the instruments of torture that covered the table . 
 `` which means that prospero must have found the device and destroyed it . 
 he enjoys destruction . '' 
 the clockmaker stares at his hands . 
 `` the minutes are ticking away , and i do have a clock to design . '' 
 i nearly reach out to elliott , he looks so stricken , but i 'm not close enough . 
 instead , i try to lessen the tension between the two of them . 
 `` where does this lead ? '' 
 i gesture to the small door , and as if the movement of my hand is magical , it creaks opens just a hair . 
 i push it the rest of the way and peer into the darkness . 
 a rough stone stairway leads down into the murk . 
 `` it 's a passage into a network of earthen tunnels . '' 
 elliott has crossed the room and is directly behind me . 
 `` many of the older buildings have access to them . '' 
 `` the tunnels malcontent has taken over ? '' 
 `` they all connect . '' 
 elliott turns to the clockmaker . 
 `` does this one come up someplace near ? '' 
 `` yes , if you go down , and then to the left . 
 you will come out near the library . '' 
 `` perfect , '' elliott says . 
 i take two steps down , running my fingers over the crumbling masonry . 
 bits of red brick rain down to the grimy floor . 
 then i turn , waiting for elliott . 
 the clockmaker hands him a candle on a metal holder . 
 `` i 'm sure you have something to light it with . '' 
 in answer , elliott strikes a match against the wall . 
 then he makes a formal bow . 
 `` as always , i am sorry . '' 
 if the clockmaker makes any reply , i do n't wait to hear it . 
 at the bottom of the staircase the tunnel widens , though not quite wide enough for us to walk side by side . 
 the floor here is made of packed earth . 
 it 's not muddy , but it is damp . 
 malcontent 's flooding must have swept through here , too . 
 `` i can walk in front if you 'd like , '' elliott offers . 
 i shake my head . 
 i 'm tired of following him around . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do n't blame me if you walk into a spiderweb , '' he mutters . 
 `` here , take the candle . '' 
 the darkness beyond my candle is absolute . 
 `` i did n't think he would tell you , '' elliott says , `` about what i did . '' 
 the horror of it overwhelms me . 
 `` he wanted to punish you . 
 you 'd visited him before ? '' 
 `` after i left the palace , i visited him often . 
 i made sure he had enough food . 
 he never seemed to appreciate it . '' 
 `` it 's hard to blame him ... . 
 your visits probably reminded him of what he had lost . '' 
 we walk on in silence . 
 `` did you check on all of the people your uncle made you hurt ? '' 
 i like that he cared enough to do this . 
 `` only those who are still alive . '' 
 and the conversation seems to be over . 
 we move slowly , fumbling through the passage . 
 every few feet there is an arched area made of brick . 
 the mortar crumbles down on us as we walk along . 
 `` i can still remember the way my hands shook , holding the hammer . 
 i was thirteen years old . '' 
 his voice is steady , neither confession nor bragging . 
 just simple fact . 
 i do n't know how to respond . 
 but even with this new insight , i can still believe that will saw elliott kill a man while smiling . 
 `` my uncle does n't always kill the people who anger him . 
 sometimes he does worse . '' 
 `` did you have nightmares ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he is silent for a time . 
 `` eventually i found ways to deal with them . '' 
 the first time i met elliott i asked for oblivion , and he brought out his silver syringe . 
 `` that night in the debauchery club , you said that you rarely shared ... '' my voice is soft . 
 he puts his hands on my waist , pulling me back and spinning me around . 
 `` i know all about the need for oblivion , '' he says . 
 his mask hangs down around his neck . 
 he lets his pack fall to the earthen floor of the tunnel . 
 we are very much alike , elliott and i . 
 he takes the candle in its bent metal holder from me and sets it on a rough rock ledge . 
 it flickers , casting weak shadows around us . 
 `` but i have n't needed it since i met you , '' he tells me . 
 and then he pulls my mask away from my face and kisses me . 
 this time he 's not gentle . 
 he 's rough , and my head snaps back , hitting the wall . 
 bits of stone to fall all around us . 
 i kiss him back , just as hard . 
 my hair catches on the rough stone of the wall as he lifts me , so i 'm pressed against him . 
 i wrap my legs around him . 
 what 's left of my dress bunches up around me . 
 the bandage on my shoulder shifts and the wound stings , but we do n't stop . 
 my arms are around his neck . 
 i 've been looking for oblivion in all the wrong ways . 
 i pull back for a moment , and in the flickering candlelight he 's so handsome . 
 his eyes are just slightly open , and i want to memorize all of him in this instant . 
 elliott sets me down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says . 
 he lifts one hand to smooth the mortar and dirt from my hair . 
 `` we should n't be ... this is not a suitable place ... . '' 
 i ca n't pull my eyes away , fascinated and confused as his sudden regret is replaced by wariness . 
 his eyes narrow . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i lost control like that , even for a few moments . '' 
 i retrieve the candle , readjust the shreds of my dress . 
 my heart is racing , and yet i feel ashamed that we stopped here to kiss when so much is at stake . 
 eventually i start walking again . 
 leading the way back to will . 
 ahead of us is a ladder leading upward , much like the one that april and i climbed to escape when the tunnels were flooding . 
 a draft from above blows the candle out . 
 `` elliott ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` do you think there are crocodiles in these tunnels ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` no . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 i caress the tender area to the left of the wound on my shoulder . 
 `` no reason . '' 
 i reach up , and elliott gives me a boost . 
 his hands linger at my waist , and for a brief moment i think that he may try to rekindle whatever just happened between us . 
 i pull away , ready to see sunlight again . 
 `` would n't want to keep will waiting , would we ? '' 
 he remarks . 
 but we have . 
 i 've lost track of time , but it must have been more than an hour . 
 it feels like we 've been underground for a very long time . 
 at the top of the ladder is a heavy metal cover . 
 instead of asking elliott for help raising it , i push with all my might , relying on my left hand , and the metal circle clanks to the side . 
 i like being in the lead . 
 i feel like everywhere i 've gone , i 've been following april , or elliott , occasionally even will . 
 i 'm ready for someone to follow me . 
 once we 're out , i let elliott put it back in place . 
 will is lounging on the third step of a columned building that must be the library . 
 a small bottle and a brush sit between his feet . 
 his left boot is untied , and the laces are muddy . 
 his eyes travel up my body , from my own muddy shoes , to what 's left of my dress . 
 when he gets to my face , i inadvertently put my hand to my mask , as if he can see through it . 
 as if he can tell how my lips are still throbbing . 
 `` your paint . '' 
 he holds a bottle out to me . 
 `` maybe it 's stupid , to try to leave a message , '' i falter , but then i catch sight of a wall unmarred by graffiti , and my resolve returns . 
 i uncork the paint and test my brush strokes . 
 they are messy and the surface of the building is uneven , but it will do . 
 find me , i write . 
 if you remember finn . 
 chapter eight i hate writing my brother 's name . 
 in all these years , it was never said aloud in our home . 
 but if father sees this , he 'll know it 's from me . 
 `` how can i tell him we 'll be at the club ? '' 
 elliott grabs my wrist to stop me from writing . 
 `` we do n't want to announce that . 
 not yet . '' 
 he takes the paintbrush and draws an eye . 
 `` i 'm not sure father knows about your - '' i begin . 
 `` he will , '' elliott says . 
 the meeting with the clockmaker certainly did n't affect his arrogance for long . 
 i scrawl messages wherever there is room , desecrating every wall with any proximity to the science building . 
 elliott paces , checking alleys and scanning balconies . 
 whenever i need more paint , will is next to me , holding the bottle . 
 `` he 's manipulating you , '' will says finally , in an undertone , eyeing elliott . 
 i answer him while still painting my message . 
 `` from the stories april tells me , and from my only experience ... '' i flash him a look . 
 `` that 's what guys do . '' 
 `` you deserve better . '' 
 his hand hovers near the side of my skirt , where the seams are nearly destroyed and the green satin is stained from my time in the tunnel with elliott . 
 we 've circled behind the building once more . 
 evening has fallen , and the quiet of this area has become ominous . 
 once the university had the most well-preserved buildings in the city . 
 now it feels haunted . 
 `` time to go , '' elliott says , surveying the area . 
 `` we need information . 
 the best way to collect it is to buy some drinks , and to listen . '' 
 will and i fall into line behind him as he winds his way off the university campus . 
 dropping beside me , he opens his pack and removes the terrible flowered dress that the innkeeper 's wife gave me . 
 `` you should change . 
 yours is in extremely poor condition , and we 're trying to avoid undue attention . '' 
 as if he has any right to complain about the condition of my dress . 
 especially when his hand strokes down my side , lingering where my skin shows . 
 `` this was a nice dress , '' i mutter , taking the cotton one from him . 
 elliott leads us into a narrow alley , thankfully free of corpses , through a back door , and into a dimly lit room . 
 low tables , sofas , and chairs are scattered through a series of interconnected rooms . 
 a makeshift bar has been set up on a table , with an array of bottles and glasses . 
 though i ca n't see into the darkest corners , i think i see a door opened to a bedroom or sleeping chamber of some kind . 
 `` this place was popular with university students , '' elliott says , `` when the university was still open . '' 
 he points to the back . 
 `` the washroom is back there . '' 
 i can already tell this is not the sort of place where one wants to linger in the washroom . 
 and i 'm right . 
 though a mural has been painted on the wall , an alfresco painting of flowers and a scene that i think is supposed to be venice , the room smells of mold and something even worse . 
 a wide mirror is flanked by several candles , so at least there is some light as i attempt to make myself presentable . 
 i pull off my dress and fold it , then hold the new one in front of my body . 
 it has a wide lace collar , and the hem falls almost to my ankles . 
 once i slip it over my head , i no longer look like a girl who spends her evenings at the debauchery club . 
 i look sallow and lumpy in places where i am not . 
 i know it 's silly to care-at least i am alive-but ... at least by candlelight my hair still looks lustrous . 
 april always said that candlelight was flattering to almost anyone . 
 i step out of the washroom and retrace my steps to where elliott leans against the bar . 
 will stands next to him . 
 `` you 're good at this , '' elliott is saying to him . 
 `` people talk to you . 
 circulate and listen . 
 we need any rumor , no matter how ridiculous , about araby 's father . 
 everything people are saying about our enemies . '' 
 `` i 'll keep my ears open . '' 
 as will disappears into the shadows of an adjoining room , the way he walks takes me back to the days before i knew his name , when he was just the tattooed guy who worked in the debauchery club . 
 the one whose voice made shivers run up and down my spine . 
 elliott gestures to the barmaid , who shakes her head . 
 `` you ca n't afford the price , '' she says , taking in his muddy shoes and the poor condition of his clothing . 
 `` you 're new here . '' 
 he throws several coins on the bar . 
 within moments she 's brought us a chilled bottle and two glasses . 
 `` we wo n't be drinking the water in the city , '' he says . 
 `` so this will have to do . '' 
 elliott strikes up a conversation with her and several men sitting around us . 
 i listen closely but do n't say anything . 
 voices rise and fall . 
 the anger and fear are practically palpable . 
 this place is dangerous , but i suppose it 's no more so than the city itself . 
 the people gathered at the tables are near our age , a few older , some younger . 
 they are dirty and patched and ragged , and are constantly gesturing . 
 they drink hard liquor . 
 mostly they are boys and young men , though there are a few girls who are as loud and vehement as anyone . 
 everyone knows about prospero 's ball . 
 they hate him for it . 
 they despise him for his indifference while people are dying . 
 malcontent , however , is a more immediate threat . 
 people speak of him in hushed voices . 
 they speculate about what he looks like , whether any of them have walked past him on the street . 
 whether he could be here in this room . 
 they do n't seem to know about the scar , where prospero slit his throat while elliott and april hid behind the curtains . 
 they do n't know who he truly is . 
 i ca n't keep this to myself much longer . 
 malcontent 's people have been seen in the streets , but not en masse , the way we saw them , their feet pounding in unison through the tunnels beneath the city , the night that we escaped . 
 they show up in groups of two or three , telling people their weird beliefs about the plague being sent from god . 
 hours pass , and the clientele changes from the creative types who still gravitate to the university grounds to workers with lined faces and suspicious eyes . 
 the serving girl disappears into a back room , and i notice that the other girls have left the establishment , along with most of the younger men . 
 a fellow at the bar looks me up and down . 
 he elbows the man beside him and says something . 
 they both laugh . 
 i lean in to elliott . 
 `` i think it 's time for me to leave . '' 
 he surveys the room . 
 `` it 's not safe to travel after nightfall , but i 'll rent a room . 
 you did n't get much sleep last night . 
 i 'll stay here a bit longer and listen . '' 
 i nod . 
 ever since our trip through the tunnels this afternoon , i 've been thinking about the book of maps i stole for elliott from the debauchery club . 
 he would n't have left that behind , so it must be in his pack . 
 i need to find it and study it . 
 this is as good an opportunity as i 'm likely to get , if elliott plans to leave me alone for a while . 
 he summons the bartender , and they speak quietly for a few moments . 
 as we make our way across the crowded room to retrieve our packs , a bulky man snags my puffed sleeve and pulls me toward him . 
 elliott reacts so fast that i can barely follow . 
 he yanks the man from his barstool and holds him for a moment by the lapels of his coat , then throws him to the floor , hard . 
 i expect the man to bolt to his feet , angry and ready to fight , but elliott stands over him , hands clenched . 
 the man stays where he is . 
 the bar is quiet for a moment , and then erupts into loud conversation , applause , vulgar suggestions . 
 the ruckus draws will . 
 he eyes the man , who is slowly climbing back to his feet . 
 `` that was impressive , '' will says . 
 `` quick reflexes . '' 
 elliott gives will a pointed look , directed at his slightly swollen lip . 
 was it just yesterday that elliott hit him ? 
 `` you 'll keep her safe ? '' 
 will asks . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say . 
 `` and i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` tomorrow , then . '' 
 will picks up his pack . 
 and then elliott sweeps me up two flights of stairs to a sleeping chamber . 
 this establishment is as much a makeshift inn as a makeshift tavern . 
 `` bar the door behind me , '' elliott says . 
 `` i do n't know how long i 'll be . 
 the conversation was just beginning to get interesting . '' 
 once he 's gone , i hoist his bag onto one of the beds and search every part of it , even the tiny pockets sewn on the inside . 
 i remove each of his weapons , laying the knives side by side on the coverlet . 
 ammunition . 
 gold coins that i let fall through my fingers . 
 i ignore the silver coins and pennies and carefully unfold and refold a perfectly clean change of clothing , complete with a vest . 
 in one of the smallest of the bag 's pockets , i feel something hard and cold and sharp . 
 i know what it is even before pulling my hand out to look at it . 
 the facets of the diamond ring elliott gave me gleam and glitter in the candlelight . 
 i drop it back into the pocket and then replace everything except the book of maps , which was the very last thing at the bottom of the case . 
 i 'm determined not to be dependent on elliott 's knowledge of the city . 
 if we ca n't find my father , i 'll have to go to malcontent for the cure . 
 i wo n't go blindly . 
 memorization is a skill that my father taught both me and finn , making us recite nursery rhymes , poems , lists of scientific words , and finally graphs and illustrations . 
 finn was always better at it , but at least when i close my eyes , i can picture bits and pieces of the maps that i 'm studying . 
 once i 've put the largest thoroughfares to memory , i focus on the tunnels . 
 it is n't safe for a girl to move through the city . 
 even before the red death i was attacked and nearly lost henry 's mask . 
 the danger has only increased now that malcontent and his men haunt the streets . 
 they also haunt the tunnels , but the risks may be less than on the streets . 
 too soon , elliott taps at the door , and i slip the maps back into his pack before unbarring it to let him in . 
 he 's carrying a bottle of wine . 
 he sets it on the table between the beds , and then stares at it as if he 's never seen it before . 
 his hair is messier than usual , and he 's smiling to himself . 
 `` people are talking about me , '' he says . 
 `` they did n't realize that i was among them , but they know that i 've returned . '' 
 he pulls back his coverlet and practically falls into bed . 
 as i lie down in my own , i realize that i wo n't be able to sleep in this dress . 
 the fabric is rough , and it bunches up under me and scratches my arms . 
 elliott is facing the other way , so i step out of the dress and hang it across a chair before sliding beneath the coverlet . 
 without that discomfort , i fall asleep immediately and do n't even dream . 
 when i wake to sunlight streaming through the window , elliott is sitting in the chair beside my bed , sharpening one of his knives . 
 leaning back against my dress . 
 i stop myself from bolting upright just in time . 
 `` good morning , '' he says . 
 he looks at me curiously . 
 `` are you nak * d under that blanket ? '' 
 `` i 'm wearing undergarments , '' i say through gritted teeth . 
 he raises his eyebrows , as if he does n't believe me . 
 i 'm not going to prove it to him , if that 's what he 's expecting . 
 i clutch the blanket around myself and glare at him . 
 `` please hand me my dress . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' he says , standing and lifting it with exaggerated care . 
 `` i thought it was a floor-length , flowered seat cover . '' 
 `` it 's better as a seat cover than a dress , but it 's all i have now . '' 
 i do n't look at him when he hands me the dress . 
 `` turn around while i put this on . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 `` elliott , '' i say in a low voice . 
 when he does n't move , i try a lighter tone . 
 `` you bought it for me . 
 i suggest , if you do n't want to look at it , purchase another dress . '' 
 `` i will , '' he says . 
 `` i suppose for now you 'll have to wear it . '' 
 he makes an exaggerated show of turning away , and i pull the dress over my head . 
 the collar flaps into place . 
 i try to adjust the sleeves , wondering how the dress can be too big , but the sleeves too small . 
 when i tell elliott he can look , he shifts back into his original position , tossing the knife on his bed , and begins cleaning his sword . 
 `` will you give me another lesson ? '' 
 i ask , nodding toward the weapon . 
 he cocks his head to the side . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 he retrieves the knife and hands it to me . 
 `` that is what i 'm going to teach you to fight with . 
 i should have from the beginning . 
 knives are easier ; you have the element of surprise . '' 
 i pass the knife from hand to hand . 
 unlike the ivory-handled one that he gave me when we fled the university , after the last time i saw my father , this one has a handle of polished wood . 
 the blade is wider . 
 `` i 've used a knife , '' i say . 
 `` yes , but not well . 
 come here , and i 'll teach you a few tricks . '' 
 who taught him all these tricks ? 
 his father ? 
 his uncle ? 
 a weapons master ? 
 he takes my hand in his and shows me how to grip the wooden handle . 
 then he guides me in making controlled motions . 
 `` be sure your movements mean something . 
 do n't just wave it around . '' 
 `` it does n't seem that hard , '' i say . 
 he laughs . 
 `` the hard thing is actually sticking the blade in someone . '' 
 he slides back onto the unmade bed and pulls me with him . 
 his back is against the headboard , and i 'm practically on his lap , facing him . 
 `` pushing a knife into someone 's flesh is difficult . 
 at first . 
 if you have to do it , do n't think . 
 just stab . 
 you probably wo n't get a second chance , so make it count . 
 put the knife down , and i 'll show you the places where you can do serious damage . '' 
 i set the knife beside us on the bed . 
 he takes my wrist and places my palm against his chest . 
 `` you can turn the knife and stab between the ribs , '' he says . 
 and then he pulls my hand down to his stomach . 
 `` or , if you want to kill him , aim here . '' 
 how much harm i could bring myself to inflict ? 
 do i want to know how best to do it ? 
 he 's watching me closely . 
 `` do you think you could kill someone ? '' 
 `` if i had to , '' i say . 
 `` it gets easier over time . '' 
 he releases my wrist , but i leave my hand resting right above the third button of his shirt . 
 he 's no longer giving me matter-of-fact instruction on how to kill a man , but the way he 's looking at me is unsettling . 
 he closes his eyes and leans in to me . 
 i slide my hand up to his shoulder and push him back . 
 he opens his eyes and frowns . 
 `` why is it that we never kiss unless we 've almost died ? '' 
 i shift sideways so that my shoulder is against his chest . 
 he has a point . 
 `` it 's easier , after we 've been in danger , for us to let go of our distrust of each other . '' 
 after a moment , he puts his arm around me . 
 `` i do n't suppose i trust anyone , '' he says finally . 
 `` not fully . '' 
 hearing him admit it is sad . 
 for him , and for us . 
 but i do n't blame him . 
 i have never trusted elliott . 
 not completely . 
 and he never wanted me to . 
 but our experiences have not been so different . 
 i hear a voice from the hallway , and then another , a conversation beginning . 
 the establishment is waking up . 
 `` sun 's up , '' i observe , grabbing the knife as i slide to the side of the bed . 
 `` time to look for my father . '' 
 `` the clockmaker is sending out his scavengers to search . '' 
 `` it is n't enough . '' 
 being in the city makes me realize the difficulty of finding one man who does not wish to be found . 
 `` i 'm not going to spend the entire day walking the streets and calling your father 's name , '' he says . 
 `` the only way we 'll stumble over your father is if he 's dead . '' 
 `` that is n't funny . '' 
 if father is dead , he ca n't answer to me for his lies and his crimes . 
 he wo n't be able to save april . 
 `` i was n't trying to be funny . '' 
 elliott 's strapping on his sword , readjusting his pack . 
 `` i 'm being practical . 
 we wo n't find him by wandering around . 
 today i will mobilize my men , begin the takeover of the city . 
 once my soldiers are patrolling , they can look for your father , too . '' 
 he 's only reaffirming my fear that the city is too big and has too many hiding places . 
 `` i sent will out on some errands last night . 
 he 'll meet us at the tavern where we ate yesterday . 
 i may need to put their steam carriage to use . '' 
 he opens the door to the room and gestures for me to exit . 
 the sun is shining outside . 
 mornings in the city are often foggy , but the sky is clear today . 
 it seems strange , walking with elliott without will on my other side . 
 `` what sort of errands did you send him on ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he raises his eyebrows . 
 `` he took messages to some of my men . '' 
 `` this morning ? 
 or last night ? 
 traveling at night is dangerous . '' 
 `` he knew that coming with us would be dangerous . '' 
 `` try not to get him killed , '' i say . 
 elliott makes a show of scanning the street ahead of us , his hand on the hilt of his sword . 
 `` i was n't trying to get him killed , '' he says finally . 
 `` his ideals are misguided , but i do n't wish for him to die . '' 
 `` what would it take for you to trust him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 because we need to somehow trust one another . 
 `` what would it take for you to trust him ? '' 
 he counters . 
 i would have to forget how he betrayed me . 
 `` at least in a few nights the children will be in the city . 
 if he falls out of line - well , we know his weakness . '' 
 `` i would never threaten henry or elise . '' 
 `` then i know your weakness , too . '' 
 i wait for him indicate that he 's not serious , but his attention has shifted to the city around us . 
 smoke rises from the next city street . 
 at first i think another building is burning , but instead it seems to be coming from a series of contained campfires . 
 a village of dismal burlap tents has sprung up across what must have once been a park , and it spills over to cover the cracked foundations of a warehouse . 
 clotheslines are stretched between some of the tents , and a few brave vegetables are growing in pots . 
 a dog barks at us from inside the perimeter . 
 `` ca n't they find buildings to live in ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the city has always had enough empty buildings that most people can find at least partial shelter . 
 `` perhaps they think the buildings are contaminated in some way , '' elliott says , and i remember how the corpse collectors used to paint black scythes on doors . 
 what happens when all the doors have been marked ? 
 perhaps people will just abandon the city , whisper that it 's haunted , and live in tents . 
 `` at least they are trying , '' elliott continues , `` instead of just squatting in their ruined buildings with the dead . 
 i can work with people who have the initiative to make their lives better . '' 
 i do n't know how it happened , but i 'm holding elliott 's hand . 
 not clinging to it or allowing him to pull me along-my hand just somehow found its way into his . 
 we pass the burned shell of an apartment building . 
 a paper is nailed to the charred remains of a door . 
 i stop to reach for it with my free hand . 
 the ink is red and ran in a bloody trail down the parchment . 
 down with science . 
 kill the scientist . 
 i drop the paper . 
 the tip of my finger is stained red . 
 i wipe it inside the sleeve of my dress , where a stain is less likely to show , but the ink has soaked into my skin . 
 `` they want to kill my father . '' 
 `` do you blame them ? '' 
 i do n't answer him . 
 `` i find it ironic ... when i asked your father for information about the masks , he scorned my help . 
 your mother may have told him things that i 'd done as a boy , and he judged me , but at the same time , he was never truly the hero he pretended to be . 
 was he ? '' 
 `` he was to me , '' i say quietly . 
 `` and i 'm not going to stop thinking that until he looks me in the eye and tells me that when he made the virus '' - this is the first time i 've admitted aloud that i know he did it - `` that it was n't an accident , that he was n't forced to - '' `` why does that matter ? 
 thousands of people died either way . '' 
 `` i just need to know , '' i say . 
 `` would n't you want ... ? '' 
 i trail off . 
 elliott is n't aware of the truth about his own father . 
 i throw him a sidelong look and brace myself to tell him , but he does n't give me the chance . 
 `` your father is a hypocritical murderer whose only thought was the sake of discovery . 
 not the safety of the people . '' 
 the words are ugly . 
 and they could be true . 
 if i tell him about his own father now , it will seem as if i am simply retaliating . 
 we walk in silence for a long time . 
 i try to get my bearings , to connect the maze of streets and buildings to the grids and squares that i memorized last night . 
 looking up at a wrought-iron rail that surrounds a low balcony , i gasp . 
 a dead man 's head , streaked with red , is in the window box , as if he was crawling out the window of his apartment and died before he made it . 
 we pass a series of scythes painted in the same garish red as the pamphlet calling for father 's death . 
 the same red as my fingertip . 
 malcontent 's sign . 
 elliott scans the buildings that line our route very carefully . 
 a pile of broken masks lies beside a charred brick wall . 
 `` malcontent , '' elliott mutters . 
 `` if he has his way , only his faithful will survive . '' 
 he stops and reaches into his pack . 
 `` before we reach the tavern , i want to give you this . '' 
 if he gives back the diamond ring , i 'm not sure what i will do . 
 the first time he gave it to me , our relationship was fake . 
 now , i 'm not sure what it is . 
 but instead of the ring , he pulls out a small handgun . 
 a gun that can be concealed , like this one , is very rare and very expensive . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i 'm able to exclaim over the little gun more effusively than i ever could over the ring . 
 the ivory handle matches the knife i keep in the top of my boot . 
 `` it only holds two bullets . 
 so shoot to kill and do n't miss . '' 
 i nod , amazed that he bought me such a gift . 
 that he 's thinking of my safety . 
 `` you may be wondering where it was hidden , since it was n't in my pack last night . '' 
 i look up . 
 what gave away that i 'd rummaged through his things ? 
 and is he truly laughing about it ? 
 we really do deserve each other , elliott and i. `` keep it close , '' he says . 
 and we continue on . 
 our footsteps echo against the paving stones . 
 it seems this entire area has been emptied . 
 i only see one corpse lying in a dilapidated doorway . 
 but the marching of many feet resounds from nearby . 
 the last time i heard that sound was from malcontent 's men in the tunnels . 
 can elliott and i hold off a whole troop of soldiers and live ? 
 elliott pulls me into a doorway and stands in front of me . 
 the pounding feet draw closer . 
 i grip my gun tightly , ready to fire . 
 a group of men turn the corner , and elliott lets out a breath . 
 he leaves our hiding place . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 these men are mine . '' 
 i count twenty , in makeshift uniforms . 
 `` elliott , sir , '' the one in the lead says . 
 `` we were heading to meet you at the tavern . '' 
 `` let 's move . '' 
 elliott motions the men forward , and i step out from the doorway . 
 `` i do n't want to linger in this area . '' 
 `` she 'll be going with us ? '' 
 the soldier glances at me . 
 `` yes , '' i say , holding his gaze . 
 elliott smiles . 
 `` araby is n't afraid of less than reputable establishments . '' 
 i do n't like the way he said my name , possessively , informally , as if his men should all know it . 
 but i follow them down the street . 
 as i turn the corner , i nearly run into the soldier in front of me , because everyone has abruptly halted . 
 before us is a uniformed soldier , his gun drawn , the tip pressed to the head of a child . 
 chapter nine the boy ca n't be older than elise . 
 sores mar his forehead and left cheek . 
 he 's obviously infected with the contagion . 
 the soldier has his gun pressed so hard to the boy 's forehead-if he took it away , it would leave a mark . 
 tears stream down the soldier 's face . 
 he does n't look away from the child , even as elliott speaks . 
 `` what is the meaning of this ? '' 
 his voice is calm . 
 `` tell him , '' the soldier growls . 
 his hand is beginning to tremble . 
 the boy 's eyes move to elliott . 
 `` the reverend commands us to walk through the upper city , speaking to everyone . 
 touching them if possible . '' 
 `` you 're spreading the contagion . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the child collapses to the sidewalk . 
 `` this is what we are up against . '' 
 elliott casts his voice so that all of the men behind can hear him . 
 `` malcontent wants the city , even if that means infecting each and every one of us . 
 those who live with it , like his soldiers , can remain . 
 the rest will die . '' 
 i kneel down beside the boy . 
 `` leave the city . 
 do n't ever come back . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' the boy says . 
 `` he 'll send the hunter for me . '' 
 `` araby , he ca n't be allowed to continue , '' elliott says . 
 he is not rational on this topic . 
 elliott is terrified of the spread of disease . 
 it 's the one thing he 's never been able to plan ahead for , and he is enraged by the way malcontent is using it . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 malcontent 's intentions are horrible . 
 his use of this child is vile . 
 but fear and anger are not a good combination . 
 the soldier , sensing approval in elliott 's words , refocuses on the boy , prepared to shoot . 
 `` put your gun down , '' i say . 
 `` please . '' 
 he looks to elliott . 
 elliott 's eyebrows go up . 
 and they do n't go down , even when i add the `` please . '' 
 he does n't like me commanding his soldiers any better than he likes me telling him what to do . 
 but i ca n't let them hurt this child . 
 the way the man 's arm is shaking , i 'm terrified that the gun will go off . 
 `` please , elliott . '' 
 my voice rings out in the alley . 
 `` think of april - '' `` if we let him go , he 'll return tomorrow . 
 who knows how many people he 's already infected ? '' 
 elliott grabs me and crushes my face into his immaculate white shirt . 
 the gun fires . 
 i shove elliott as hard as i can . 
 but the soldier shot wide . 
 the gun falls to the ground with a clatter beside the boy , who looks up at us , eyes wide . 
 tears stream down the soldier 's face . 
 but i 'm afraid if the soldier could n't do it , elliott will kill the boy himself . 
 `` take him back to the swamp , '' i insist , standing between elliott and the boy . 
 `` we have to send a message to malcontent that we wo n't let his people attack us . '' 
 `` if everyone had masks , there would n't be a reason to fear them . '' 
 i do n't move , even as elliott steps toward us . 
 `` we should be saving people , not killing them . '' 
 the soldiers shift , and the boy seems so small and lost , crouched beside the gun that was meant to kill him . 
 `` take him out of the city , '' elliott says finally . 
 `` we wo n't stoop to malcontent 's level , using children . 
 but if any of you hear word of him , i want to know immediately . '' 
 across the street , someone opens their shutters and peers out . 
 what do they make of so many men standing over a shaking child ? 
 `` if malcontent 's followers are willing to leave the city , escort them to the periphery . 
 otherwise , shoot to kill . 
 burn the bodies . 
 and if any of our men do not have functional masks , send them to me . '' 
 a soldier prods the boy with the barrel of his gun . 
 `` come along , '' he says . 
 two of the soldiers fall in line behind them . 
 the rest follow us . 
 as we approach the tavern from the opposite side , i look for will , searching the shadows where the cloaked man was hiding yesterday . 
 all i see are more of elliott 's soldiers . 
 they seem to be everywhere , standing in doorways , talking , smoking . 
 elliott nods to them , lifting one hand in a half wave before we enter the common room of the inn . 
 inside it 's dark , and i stand beside elliott , blinking while my eyes adjust . 
 every table is filled , and men line the walls . 
 some of them are in uniform , others in ragged street clothes , but they all come to attention when they spot us . 
 elliott surveys the room , and then gives a little half bow . 
 the men at the tables raise their mugs and cheer . 
 the room may be dim , but it ca n't hide the startling whiteness of elliott 's teeth as he grins . 
 at the back of the room there 's a table on a platform , so it sits a little higher than the rest . 
 we make our way toward it . 
 i 'm surprised to see will sitting there , and even more so when he slides a stack of papers down to me and hands another to elliott . 
 elliott places the pamphlets on the table and pulls out a chair for me . 
 once i sit , he stays behind me , both hands gripping the back of the chair , and clears his throat . 
 `` thank you , '' he calls . 
 `` today we begin the takeover of this city . '' 
 all eyes are fixed upon him , and his hands are trembling hard enough that i can feel it through my chair . 
 `` but we must work strategically , '' he continues , his voice steadily growing stronger . 
 `` first we will take up residency in the debauchery district . 
 you can find me in the debauchery club when i 'm not on the streets fighting by your side . 
 starting tomorrow we 'll move families into the empty buildings . 
 we will find workers for the distillery to make our water safe to drink . 
 we will work together to kill the coward who calls himself malcontent , who hides in the shadows and plans to kill us all . '' 
 the men raise their tankards and cheer . 
 some are stomping their feet , some clapping , and the room reverberates with their enthusiasm . 
 one after the other they rise to their feet , saluting elliott . 
 did elliott have this plan all along , or did the sea of tents we encountered this morning give him the idea ? 
 will also stands , but the way he 's clapping , i 'm quite sure that no sound comes from the meeting of his hands . 
 he is n't mocking elliott , not openly , but i can tell he 's questioning elliott 's intentions . 
 i reach for the stacks of papers that he gave to us when we arrived . 
 one stack outlines elliott 's plan . 
 a plan that he shared with will , obviously , but not with me . 
 not only does everyone who wishes to have elliott 's protection move to the debauchery district-elliott has promised to find them clean water and food . 
 how can he and the men in this room guarantee that ? 
 the other stack , the one that will gave me , is twice as tall . 
 it is my message to father , printed in bold letters . 
 if you remember finn , find me . 
 with elliott 's symbol printed beneath . 
 when i look up , will has disappeared . 
 his spot at the table has been taken by three men , pushing forward , ready to follow elliott to the ends of the earth . 
 the innkeeper , also beaming , brings us plates filled with food and some sort of distilled beverage . 
 men circulate through the room . 
 some of them slap elliott on the back . 
 others want to shake my hand , which is awkward , since for once i 'm trying to eat . 
 elliott is not eating , but he takes his seat beside me and rests his hand on my thigh . 
 possessively . 
 a group of older men enters the inn from the street and approaches our table . 
 `` i like your ideas , '' one says . 
 he stands awkwardly , holding one of will 's papers . 
 i lean forward to get a better look at him , and our eyes lock . 
 he stops speaking , his lip curling . 
 he recognizes me . 
 and i recognize him . 
 he was one of father 's guards . 
 elliott takes his hand from my leg , and i think for a moment that he 's repudiating me in the face of this man 's distaste , but instead he pulls my chair closer to his and drapes one arm over my shoulders . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 he asks . 
 the man continues his praise for elliott 's plans , still trying not to look at me . 
 other men begin to whisper . 
 not only do these men hate father , they hate me . 
 even though they 've never met me , they eye me with disgust . 
 the mood in the room has shifted from friendly camaraderie to something dark and menacing . 
 `` scientist 's daughter , '' i hear someone hiss . 
 the scientist . 
 it used to be the name of their hero . 
 now it is a curse . 
 their disillusionment with my father mirrors my own . 
 and yet i do n't deserve their hostility . 
 `` elliott ? '' 
 these are his men . 
 i can not allow myself to get angry , not yet . 
 he touches my jaw with his thumb , caressing my face . 
 a soldier with an eye patch pipes up . 
 `` how many of us have lost our children , our wives ? 
 it would serve the scientist right - '' it 's too much . 
 some of these men , these fighters who have come at elliott 's call , would hurt me to punish my father . 
 i stand , ready to condemn their hypocrisy . 
 `` i am the scientist 's daughter . '' 
 but my voice comes out low , and i doubt anyone who is n't at this particular table can hear . 
 i take a deep breath and continue . 
 `` i 'm also a sister . 
 i lost my brother to the plague , and my mother to the prince . '' 
 my voice breaks . 
 the room is silent . 
 elliott puts down his tankard . 
 `` yes , '' he says , pushing back his chair and standing beside me . 
 `` and she 's here with me . 
 i want her father found , and i want him alive . '' 
 the soldiers look at one another and slowly nod . 
 elliott sweeps his gaze over the rest of the room and then sits down . 
 he gestures to my chair , but sitting feels weak . 
 though the aggression has dissipated , i do n't want to stay here . 
 this room is crowded now , claustrophobic . 
 i search for will , but he 's nowhere to be found . 
 `` i 'm going outside , '' i say to elliott . 
 `` to get some air . '' 
 he prepares to stand to go with me , but i do n't want him . 
 i need a few moments alone . 
 i never cared much for my celebrity status as the scientist 's daughter . 
 but i 'd grown accustomed to it . 
 i knew that he was no longer a hero , not even in my own mind . 
 but seeing the hatred , the violence here , is shocking . 
 i clench my hands into fists to keep them from shaking . 
 as i walk out of the inn i try to meet as many soldiers ' eyes as i can . 
 i do n't want them to think that i 'm running away . 
 the inn is close to the river , and i can hear running water . 
 i force myself to picture it flowing over creek stones rather than the rib cages of the dead . 
 some of elliott 's men are outside , standing in small groups . 
 they seem very relaxed , and though several of them glance at me , sneering a little , they do n't say anything . 
 why are they standing around drinking ? 
 they should be acting . 
 elliott should be doing something . 
 anything . 
 i scan the street and spot will on the front steps of a building across the street . 
 he sees me at the same time and leaps up . 
 i had n't noticed before , but he 's dressed like he used to be at the club : fitted pants and a black shirt . 
 `` elliott let you come out here alone ? '' 
 he 's a bit short of breath as he approaches . 
 `` he did n't let me . 
 i told him i was leaving . '' 
 he leads me back across the street to the vague shelter of a partially intact brick wall , scuffing his boot in the dirt . 
 `` i should n't have left you in there . '' 
 `` i 'm not your responsibility either , '' i snap . 
 he leans against the wall , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 his dark eyes bore into me . 
 `` i 'm here to help you . 
 i ca n't make up for what i did , but since we 're both here now , i 'm going to aid you in any way i can . '' 
 he looks tired . 
 his eyes are framed with beautiful thick lashes , but there are dark circles beneath them . 
 `` just do n't get in my way , trying to protect me . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of it . 
 if you wanted to be coddled , you would n't be here . '' 
 `` walk with me , '' i say , because i need to move . 
 getting away from the tavern , the hostile glances , makes me feel lighter , less weighted by guilt and worry . 
 i smile , and will smiles back at me . 
 we pause in late-afternoon sunshine for several long moments . 
 `` come , '' i say , and take off with renewed energy . 
 the buildings on this street merge into one another , rectangular windows , square , white stone ledges . 
 a small face gazes down from a window . 
 how often did henry and elise watch passersby from the window of will 's apartment ? 
 i miss the children . 
 the days i spent there with them . 
 as we move from one alley to the next , oily smoke obscures the sunlight . 
 the wood frame of an apartment building is smoldering . 
 i run my foot over the gritty paving stones , and the movement reveals a carving in one of them . 
 a flower . 
 this city was once beautiful . 
 `` let 's hang some of these flyers , '' will says . 
 `` elliott wants me to hang his , anyway . '' 
 `` is it hopeless ? '' 
 i ask , looking up at him . 
 yesterday , walking through the city , i was overwhelmed by the odds of finding father , particularly with the mob also hunting him . 
 will shakes his hair out of his face . 
 `` there 's always hope , '' he says quietly . 
 he digs in a bag he 's carrying for a light hammer and some nails before taking one of the flyers from my hand . 
 as he affixes it to the charred door of an apartment building , the cuff of his shirt slips back , revealing a tendril of dark tattoo around his left wrist . 
 it 's thinner than the rest of the tattoos , and i never noticed it before . 
 he reaches out for another flyer . 
 but my hand is empty . 
 i touch the tattoo for a moment before pulling my hand back . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumble , and shuffle for another flyer . 
 `` might as well give me one of elliott 's also , '' he says . 
 `` why did you agree to work for him ? '' 
 i slide one of elliott 's papers into his hand , careful not to touch him again . 
 `` i 'd rather be useful than not . '' 
 will attaches it to a wooden door with a thin nail . 
 `` as long as elliott is keeping his side of the bargain and keeping you safe . '' 
 he sets a small stack of papers on a stoop outside an apartment building . 
 `` though if you 're outside alone in that crowd , then maybe he 's not . '' 
 `` his men are loyal . 
 they wo n't hurt me . 
 the way they ... looked at me did n't hurt me . '' 
 my voice shakes a little at the end of the sentence , negating everything i just said . 
 will reaches for another paper , and once again i am very careful not to let our hands touch . 
 careful not to look up into his eyes . 
 i do n't want to see the concern there . 
 ca n't let the quaver in my voice turn into full-blown weakness . 
 `` it 's difficult to be hated after being loved , '' i say quickly . 
 `` for father to become a villain overnight . 
 i 'll get used to it . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't have to . '' 
 `` if i stay with elliott - '' will freezes . 
 is he upset because i suggested my relationship with elliott might be permanent , or was his stillness in response to the word `` if , '' suggesting that it might not ? 
 i study the flyer in my hand , unwilling to look at will . 
 i do n't want to see his surprise , his hope , whatever emotion he is struggling with . 
 `` this building is just a shell , '' he says . 
 `` let 's get out of this alley . '' 
 the air is fresher out of the shadow of half-burned buildings with their charred timbers exposed . 
 we 're now several streets away from elliott and the tavern . 
 these must be the oldest buildings in the city . 
 the masonry on the ornate doorways and around the arched windows is crumbling . 
 does anyone even live here anymore ? 
 could father be in one of these desolate homes ? 
 we pause in the shadow of a cathedral . 
 `` if i remember correctly , there are steam-powered bathhouses on this street , '' will says . 
 `` kent used to drag me here to look at the mechanisms . 
 and i just wanted to hang out in the debauchery district . 
 now i see how important it is to learn about the world around us . 
 now , and the world before the plague . '' 
 i nod , enjoying the sound of his voice . 
 `` i could have learned so many things from my father . '' 
 he knew more than anyone in the city , and i never even questioned him . 
 all i experienced was what i could see from april 's fancy steam carriage . 
 will knows this , but he has the decency not to say anything . 
 we walk along together , stopping occasionally to hang more flyers . 
 the shadows are lengthening , and as always , the city looks increasingly sinister as darkness falls . 
 `` we should get back , '' i say . 
 `` we 've come a long way . '' 
 `` that we have . '' 
 will stares out across the street for a moment , and then he turns to me , his eyes crinkled in a smile above the white of his mask . 
 he hangs one more flyer . 
 his hands are as deft as they ever were in the debauchery club , taking my blood . 
 `` i 'll get these up as widely as possible , '' he offers . 
 `` i know a lot of places , and i can operate on very little sleep . 
 you never know where your father might be hiding . 
 he could be someplace you would never expect . '' 
 i used to think that father was predictable , with his thoughtful but fumbling way of speaking , his vagueness . 
 `` parents are supposed to be boring , '' i say bitterly , hating myself for a burst of anger that feels childish . 
 useless . 
 `` he 's smart enough to find a hiding place where the mob wo n't find him . '' 
 will 's voice is neutral . 
 but i do n't respond , because something brushes against my ankle . 
 i look down at a hand thrust through rotten wood at the base of the building . 
 it grips my ankle and pulls hard , knocking me sideways into will . 
 the flyers scatter around us . 
 i scream once , and then the hidden assailant pulls my feet completely out from under me . 
 i try to scramble backward through the dirt , but the hands do n't let go , and now a whole arm is exposed . 
 a man 's arm , marred with weeping sores , reaching from some unseen cellar . 
 the wood splinters at the base of the building . 
 papers fly everywhere in the wind . 
 as the man pulls me forward , my left leg twists under my body . 
 i claw at the knife in that boot , feeling a brief chill as the blade slides against my hand , a flash of pain . 
 then , finally , it 's free . 
 i thrust it forward , aiming for the area between his thumb and forefinger , the fattest part of the man 's grimy , infected hand . 
 will 's shadow falls over me . 
 he stomps down hard , and his boot crushes the man 's grubby wrist . 
 then he lunges forward , grabbing the diseased man by both of his arms and pulling him up . 
 he dashes the attacker 's head violently against the building wall . 
 when he lets go , the man falls away from us , into the cellar , as if he has no bones to support himself . 
 i 'm sprawled in the street , and will is half over me . 
 we do n't move for several breaths . 
 a bloody stain drips down the wall . 
 i lean forward and peer into the cellar . 
 it 's full of low tables and bodies . 
 i gasp and almost scramble away . 
 but ... there is no sudden stench . 
 no sickly sweet smell of rotting corpses . 
 no sign of movement . 
 perhaps the black shapes are n't victims , but simply heaps of dark cloaks . 
 is this some sort of hideout or storehouse for malcontent 's men ? 
 how many of them are down there ? 
 a crash from inside the cellar makes me jump , and will wraps his arms around me , yanking me away from the opening . 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 `` if someone is down there ... we need to run . '' 
 my first step lands on a flyer and i slip , but will catches me . 
 then we are running , my hand in his , threading through streets and alleys to the tavern where elliott 's men come to attention as they see us wildly dashing toward them . 
 we burst through the front doors , gasping for breath . 
 will explains quickly , and elliott takes off in the direction we came from . 
 his men follow , pouring around me as if i am some sort of blockade in their path . 
 but i wo n't be left behind . 
 will tries to hold me back , but i pull away , so he follows . 
 by the time we return , elliott and his men have pushed through the wooden door . 
 others are involved in knocking away the rotten wood at the base between the foundation stones and the upper part of the building . 
 a soldier carries out a heap of ragged homespun robes . 
 `` do n't touch anything if you do n't have a mask . '' 
 elliott 's voice is not exactly afraid , but concerned . 
 i see him jump from the top of the cellar stairs , all movement and excitement . 
 he 's at his best , commanding his men . 
 `` we 'll burn everything except the weapons . '' 
 but then his demeanor changes . 
 `` out , '' he yells , just as i cross the threshold , his voice higher than usual . 
 `` everyone out . 
 this man died of the red death . '' 
 the soldiers flee the building . 
 but elliott wo n't join them . 
 he wo n't risk his men , but he is n't afraid of risking himself . 
 and he has no protection from the red death . 
 i offered him whatever was in that tiny vial that father gave me , but he put the glass to my lips and made me drink it instead . 
 if anyone is protected from the red death , it 's me . 
 slowly , ignoring the twinge in my ankle , i enter . 
 the last sunlight has faded outside , and it is fully dark inside . 
 in his deliberate way , elliott strikes a match against the wall , watches it for half an instant , and then drops it onto the pile of robes . 
 `` this will provide a little light , '' he says as they ignite . 
 `` but also smoke . 
 we only have a few moments to discover what this place was . '' 
 it seems to be something of a storeroom . 
 several bottles of liquor stand on a table , as well as a loaf of bread and some dark lumps that must be rotting vegetables . 
 `` look for a door , '' elliott says . 
 i spot it before he does and move forward across the uneven floor . 
 the body of the man will killed is close enough that i could touch it if i wanted to . 
 but i try not to look at it . 
 the door is small , like the one we saw in the clockmaker 's basement workshop . 
 elliott pushes against it , but it wo n't budge . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 one of the soldiers asks from outside . 
 elliott throws his weight against the door , but still nothing happens . 
 `` it 's locked from the other side , '' he says . 
 the cellar is filling with smoke . 
 we 're out of time-my eyes are watering and my throat is closing . 
 i start back , but i trip over the body , and even in the inferno i see it clearly . 
 two blood tears stain the cheeks . 
 `` come . '' 
 elliott guides me back to the street , and then turns to help the men . 
 will pulls me around the bend in the alley , where none of the soldiers or bystanders can see us . 
 his face is set . 
 calm . 
 `` you killed him , before the red death did , '' i say softly . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` if he wanted to live , he should n't have grabbed you . '' 
 the light of the moon is faint , but it shines on a tiny jagged scar just above his eyebrow . 
 there 's disgust on his face , but no remorse . 
 without meaning to , i reach up and touch the scar . 
 `` how did you get that ? '' 
 `` that one is from a girl in the debauchery club . 
 i was trying to get her to the door . 
 she lashed out . 
 her fingernail caught me there . '' 
 he 's calm about the memory , and about what he just did , but i know how he loathes violence . 
 `` i 'm sure you saw many ... interesting things at the club . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` i 'm not sure ` interesting ' is the right word . 
 but yes , i saw things . '' 
 before i can ask him to elaborate , elliott is there with us . 
 chapter ten elliott offers me his coat , but i do n't need it . 
 the crack in my mask seems to have gotten worse , probably in the fight , and it 's sharp against my lips . 
 `` are we going to the debauchery club ? '' 
 i ask as one of elliott 's men quietly hands him our packs . 
 he must have sent him back to retrieve them . 
 `` that 's what i told everyone , '' elliott says . 
 he looks to will . 
 `` did you prepare for our arrival ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 'll arrive early tomorrow . 
 tonight , i 'd rather no one know where we are sleeping . '' 
 he gives the smoldering cellar a last look , as if the man 's attack is tied to his caution . 
 behind us , the entire building that housed malcontent 's supply cellar is burning . 
 a few families from the upper floors stumble down the stairs and to the street . 
 `` make sure they find someplace safe to stay , '' elliott tells one of his soldiers , and then he 's leading us away , though my legs feel rubbery and weak . 
 `` i 'll want to continue our search for my father tomorrow , '' i tell elliott . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he nods but shifts from one foot to the other . 
 today he got a taste of leadership , and while i 'm happy for him and i support his quest to take over the city , i wo n't let him forget his sister . 
 i walk by elliott 's side through the frightful streets and alleys , always aware of will two steps behind us . 
 shadows creep in around us , full of the threat of malcontent 's malice . 
 we killed one of his men today , but how many hundreds does he have ? 
 do we have any chance fighting both them and the plagues ? 
 elliott stops before a wrought-iron gate . 
 the building it guards is set back from the street . 
 elliott leads us through the gate to a shadowed stairway that winds around the side of the house and then down beneath . 
 the entrance is n't like the one that led to the cellar where i lived with my father and finn . 
 this house is much nicer , the neighborhood grander . 
 but something , the angle of the stairs , the brick on the side of the building , takes me back . 
 all of a sudden i am ten years old , staring down the cellar stairs that led to years of exile . 
 years in the dark with finn . 
 mother slinking away , out of the corner of my eye . 
 i know now that she did n't choose to leave us , did n't want to go , but the memory still stings . 
 and finn died in that cellar . 
 `` we 'll be safe here , '' elliott claims . 
 but i feel anything but safe . 
 `` we should n't be where we are expected to be , not yet . 
 not with so much riding on me . 
 on us . '' 
 it makes sense , but i shake my head . 
 my nightmares , the ones that forced father to sedate me , always occurred in a cellar . 
 i look away from the entrance , and i focus on the empty street . 
 the leaves rasp against the sidewalk . 
 the moon is unnaturally bright . 
 footsteps echo from the street beyond . 
 heavy footsteps . 
 both will and elliott are waiting for me to continue , to descend into this new cellar , but i do n't move . 
 `` we need to get inside , araby . '' 
 elliott 's voice is cool , calm . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 but he ignores me , walking carefully down the stairs and opening the door into darkness . 
 i tremble . 
 i feel will come up behind me . 
 he 's standing very close but does n't touch me . 
 `` you can do this . '' 
 then he takes my hand . 
 he eases forward , waiting for me to take the first step . 
 i draw a deep breath-i 've done things that were harder than this-and follow will into the darkness , through a door and into a dimly lit room . 
 luckily this cellar did n't get any overflow from the flooded tunnels , so it 's not wet , just stuffy . 
 i imagine spiders in the corners and other insects under the faded rug . 
 a bed is pushed against a far wall of the room , and a chest sits beside it . 
 there are also several low tables and oil lamps . 
 elliott has already lit some , and will lets go of my hand to take care of the rest . 
 a large wardrobe stands against the back wall . 
 `` is anyone thirsty ? '' 
 elliott pulls a bottle of wine from his pack and pours it into a few short glasses . 
 he passes one to me , and i drink deeply , trying to force myself to be calm . 
 this cellar is safe , secret , and nothing like the one where finn died . 
 `` you take the bed , araby , '' elliott says . 
 he wraps himself in his own blankets and settles in a corner . 
 i set one of the lamps on the chest beside the bed . 
 the quilt thrown over the mattress has a dark stain-not unlike the blanket we wrapped my brother in . 
 but i will the panic away , taking a blanket from my pack and spreading it on the floor . 
 neither of the boys says anything or moves to claim the bed . 
 will sits at the table . 
 both he and elliott seem lost in their own thoughts . 
 i carefully position myself near the center of the room , away from corners where spiders might nest . 
 i wrap myself tightly in the blanket so that nothing can crawl in and touch me . 
 sleep does n't come easily , but eventually , lying very still , i nod off . 
 my dreams are dark . 
 men descend the stairs with knives . 
 a familiar armchair sits where finn and i used to read . 
 in my dream , the men carry bloody knives . 
 they have killed finn . 
 april is next . 
 someone grabs me . 
 i throw myself to the side ... and that 's when i wake , my throat tight , my shoulder throbbing . 
 and i ca n't move . 
 i thrash for a moment until i realize that i 'm wrapped in will 's arms and i 'm holding on to him as if he will save me from my memories . 
 it 's like the first time i woke beside him , the night he took me home from the club . 
 i shift carefully , propping myself on one arm just enough so that i can see him . 
 two buttons are undone on his shirt . 
 were they like that earlier , or did it happen as we moved together and intertwined ? 
 his hair is so dark against his collar . 
 as if he feels me looking , he opens his eyes . 
 i start to pull away , embarrassed to be caught like this , looking down at him . 
 but then he reaches up to touch my cheek . 
 `` araby , go back to sleep . 
 otherwise you 'll hate yourself in the morning . '' 
 `` i already hate myself . '' 
 i should pull away , but instead i settle back against him and pretend that this is n't a cellar . 
 that elliott is n't sleeping only a few feet away . 
 in the darkness , my eyes find the single lamp that the boys left lit . 
 the floorboards are hard and unforgiving . 
 i think i hear something from behind the wardrobe , a soft tapping that reminds me of a frightening story that finn used to tell me when father worked late in the laboratory and the two of us were alone in the dark . 
 if i got too afraid , he would hold me , like will is now . 
 and just like it used to , it keeps the nightmares at bay . 
 the next morning i wake lying alone , and the three of us walk across the city to the debauchery club . 
 it takes hours , so by the time we approach the club it 's afternoon . 
 the day we fled the city , malcontent 's soldiers were climbing up from the sewers , swarming through the district . 
 they chased us up three flights of stairs at the morgue , and the debauchery club was not left unharmed either . 
 the door leans against the frame , the hinges twisted and broken . 
 elliott lifts it from the entrance and props it far enough aside that we can enter . 
 once we do , will puts it back into place as well as he can . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 a voice calls . 
 we all jump , and a serving boy peers around the corner . 
 `` oh , it 's you , '' he says to will , relief in his voice . 
 `` and you , sir . '' 
 he gives elliott a long , unfriendly look . 
 `` i prepared rooms , '' he tells will . 
 `` we expected you last night . '' 
 the paneling in the hallway is slightly charred from fire , but otherwise this area seems fine . 
 the lights in the floor are still glowing . 
 i run my foot over them , relieved at the familiarity . 
 `` my old rooms ? '' 
 elliott asks . 
 the boy nods . 
 `` they were n't damaged , much . 
 the young lady 's room is across the hall . '' 
 elliott 's eyebrows shoot up . 
 will smiles to himself . 
 `` excellent , '' i say to the boy . 
 regardless of will and elliott 's power plays , i 'll enjoy having a room to myself tonight . 
 `` i 'll check everything , '' will says . 
 and then he 's gone , following the boy to the servant 's quarters . 
 when he 's gone , i immediately feel less secure . 
 even though that 's preposterous . 
 i 'm safe with elliott . 
 `` i 'm going to go examine my steam carriage , '' elliott says . 
 `` you can go upstairs if you 'd like . '' 
 but it 's worthwhile to see where his carriage is housed , so i follow him to the stables . 
 a few saddles hang from hooks on the walls , as well as strips of metal that i think were used for guiding horses , but the stalls have been removed . 
 elliott 's steam carriage is in the center of the stable . 
 even in the dingy surroundings , it gleams . 
 he runs his hands over the metalwork . 
 `` no more walking , '' he murmurs . 
 `` they say your uncle is requisitioning carriages , '' i remind him . 
 `` we have to be cautious . '' 
 `` he can only take it if he can catch us . 
 with the modifications i 've made to this one , it can outrun any other carriage in the city . '' 
 that wo n't help if someone ambushes us , like malcontent tried to do before , stretching ropes across the street to stop us . 
 but elliott wo n't be careless with one of the last steam carriages in the city . 
 will he ? 
 in the doorway to the stable , we look up at the mishmash of buildings that form the debauchery club . 
 three buildings interconnected around a courtyard . 
 `` what is our plan for the rest of the day ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i have n't prompted him to look for father today , but yesterday passed too quickly . 
 i know we need a permanent place to stay , where father can find me if he gets my messages . 
 still , i 'm ready to begin the search again . 
 `` i asked will to compose a rough map of the building and all of its entrances . '' 
 elliott says . 
 `` he already compiled a list of the current residents . 
 servants . 
 aristocrats who never went home after the last attacks . 
 anyone who could be lurking around the building . '' 
 `` and when will we search for father ? '' 
 `` soon , '' he says . 
 `` and do n't worry . 
 i have people searching . '' 
 yes . 
 i heard him say that he wanted father taken alive . 
 we enter through a side door that is still on its hinges , the very door that will led me through when we fled the club for the one next door , the morgue . 
 `` are his men on the third floor still here ? '' 
 i ask , meaning prospero 's old henchmen who used to watch us from the shadows of the club . 
 `` they 're still here , '' elliott says darkly . 
 `` as always , avoid them . '' 
 in this quiet passage of the debauchery club , it feels like the outside world ca n't touch us , and yet we have enemies , even here . 
 as we pass the door that leads to the kitchens , elliott says , `` if you are ever in the cellars , watch for trapdoors . 
 secret rooms . 
 i want to know where that printing press is located . '' 
 `` why do n't you ask will ? '' 
 `` because , my dear araby , he wo n't tell me , '' elliott says . 
 `` and i think you would object if i suggested torturing him . '' 
 he 's testing me . 
 but i 'm not sure what he is trying to determine . 
 whether i care about will ? 
 whether i 'm completely dedicated to his cause ? 
 `` i would never let you torture any of our friends . '' 
 i smile at him , but his response is completely serious . 
 `` i doubt i 'll need to resort to it . 
 the printing press is large , it ca n't be that cleverly hidden . 
 we 'll find it . '' 
 `` unless we 're going to search for it now , i suppose we 'd better move on , '' i tell him . 
 `` come upstairs . '' 
 he offers me his arm , and after a moment , i take it . 
 `` you 'll need something to wear , '' he says . 
 `` we need to eat , to regroup with the men and whoever 's left here . 
 and your dress reeks of smoke . '' 
 his rooms are exactly as i remember them , except for the state of his bookcase . 
 the leather volumes are shoved haphazardly on the shelves , some even upside down . 
 elliott leads me through the sitting room to his sleeping chamber . 
 i pause at the threshold , but he continues to the dressing room . 
 `` here , '' elliott brings out a dress and tosses it to me . 
 `` this should do . 
 i 'll wait out here . '' 
 once i 'm alone i scrub my hands quickly in his washbasin , wincing at the state of my fingernails . 
 i take off the flowery dress and kick it to the side . 
 the new dress is a soft silvery-gray silk , shot through with threads that are almost white . 
 it fits perfectly , and when i open the door of the dressing chamber , elliott has changed too . 
 waiting for me . 
 he 's wearing black , with a gray vest of the same fabric as my dress . 
 he takes out a matching silver pocket watch and considers it . 
 `` this dress is lovely , '' i say . 
 `` i 'd have expected something brighter from april 's spares . '' 
 silence stretches out between us . 
 his posture is stiff and uninviting . 
 i touch the fabric of my sleeve . 
 he never said the dress belonged to april . 
 i am a fool . 
 the green one he gave me for the steamship 's christening was probably not april 's either . 
 elliott 's life did n't begin when he met me . 
 i never assumed it did . 
 but the way the vest and the dress match-that had to be intentional . 
 before i can find the words to question him , he snaps the pocket watch closed . 
 `` let 's go to the dining room , '' he says . 
 elliott takes my arm , and as we pass by a mirror i ca n't help admiring the picture we make . 
 as we enter i search the room for will , but the table holds six chairs and he is n't in one . 
 all of the men are older . 
 the frightening one , with the face of a lizard , the one who tried to keep me from taking the book of maps , is flanked by two other villainous-looking fellows . 
 between them sits a slumped man with wild hair and sad eyes . 
 he is the only person in the room who does n't have a mask , so perhaps that is why he looks so out of place . 
 or maybe it 's his obvious nervousness . 
 elliott 's step falters as he sees the man , but he recovers immediately . 
 `` dr. winston , '' elliott says smoothly . 
 `` when did you leave my uncle 's palace ? '' 
 dr. winston nearly falls out of his chair when elliott greets him . 
 `` just days ago . 
 i ... used the tunnels . '' 
 `` we 're lucky a man of your knowledge grew tired of my uncle 's hospitality , then . '' 
 elliott draws out a chair for me , then takes one himself . 
 a servant enters the room from the opposite side with a great tray , and i look up too quickly , some part of me expecting it to be will . 
 but it 's the boy from earlier , staggering under his heavy burden . 
 like the dining room at prospero 's palace , the one here is decorated with polished mahogany and dragon statuettes . 
 our rather frugal meal is served on antique imported china . 
 we eat our soup in near silence . 
 then elliott says , `` so tell us , gentlemen , what is the news in the debauchery district ? '' 
 `` we understand that a certain young man has been inviting people to our territory , to our building , no less , '' prospero 's former henchman says . 
 `` men in uniform have been arriving all day . '' 
 elliott smiles . 
 `` you can keep your rooms for as long as you need them . 
 i know you have nowhere else to go . '' 
 his words are low and loaded with threat . 
 i watch the scientist . 
 he 's eating steadily , but he eyes elliott the way you watch a serpent . 
 `` how did you get away ? '' 
 i ask the scientist , unwilling to play along with elliott 's pretense that he was prospero 's invited guest . 
 `` someone left the doors of the dungeon open . 
 all of us escaped . '' 
 he puts down his soup spoon and smiles at me . 
 `` someone very courageous ... '' when he glances at me , my heart stops . 
 my mother is with the prince , in his palace . 
 `` someone who has a soft spot for scientists ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he nods . 
 and now i 'm both proud of mother and worried about how the prince will punish her . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 elliott interjects . 
 he is n't even pretending to eat now , just interrogating the man . 
 `` the other men went to the swamp . '' 
 the scientist 's voice drops . 
 `` they were looking for something . 
 a rumor . '' 
 he looks up quickly at the men who are listening , and then back to his soup . 
 `` but i have a grandson . 
 i plan to search the city for him . '' 
 `` i 'll assign a soldier to help you search , '' elliott offers . 
 `` if there 's anything else - '' `` thank you . '' 
 his consideration of elliott has softened a bit . 
 `` dr. winston has been telling us fascinating rumors , '' the old man across the table says . 
 `` he says that both prospero and dr. worth knew that there was a way to protect against the plague , and they chose to suppress the information . '' 
 `` those rumors are n't new . 
 they start up every few months , '' i say . 
 and who can blame people for being suspicious , when prospero kept control of the masks and father never fought him on it ? 
 `` the prince never cared about anything except control , '' elliott says . 
 `` now he 's focused on his masquerade balls . 
 those , he can control . '' 
 elliott does n't seem surprised that rumors are circulating . 
 he knows something that he is n't saying . 
 `` i suppose you would know the prince better than any of us , '' the old man says . 
 looking at elliott , he says , `` your familial connections are quite ... surprising . '' 
 elliott ignores him , but i meet his hooded eyes . 
 what does he know ? 
 i 'm glad when elliott pushes back his chair and places his napkin on the table . 
 i ca n't stand being in this room any longer . 
 `` we 'll talk soon , '' he tells dr. winston . 
 i follow him out of the dining room , where he pauses to speak to the guard on duty . 
 after assigning a man to winston , he walks me upstairs . 
 `` will picked this room for you . '' 
 we 've stopped at a door , and elliott hands me a key . 
 `` i think you would be safer in my room . 
 i 'm not sleeping on the floor again , though . '' 
 `` this will be fine , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't wish to sleep on your floor either . '' 
 he pulls the book of maps from an interior pocket . 
 `` you 've spent more time reading this than i have . 
 i need to know which passages are near , which ones may connect with the cellars . 
 whether malcontent can attack us from below . '' 
 i take the book from him , and in the same movement grab his wrist . 
 it 's time to tell him who malcontent is . 
 i never meant to keep this secret from him . 
 never wished to know more than he did about the enemy who foiled all of his carefully laid plans . 
 `` come inside with me , '' i say . 
 he arches his eyebrows and follows me . 
 this room has two upholstered chairs , a tapestry depicting a tree with white leaves , and a doorway that must lead to a bedchamber . 
 `` sit . '' 
 i gesture to the chairs . 
 `` i need to tell you something . '' 
 `` you adore me and are having trouble keeping your hands to yourself ? '' 
 he suggests . 
 `` no . '' 
 but my seriousness is lost on him . 
 he sits and pulls me close . 
 `` i 'm having trouble keeping my hands to myself . '' 
 the look on his face is completely earnest . 
 i do n't pull away . 
 it 's better that we are touching . 
 the silk of my dress billows as he draws me into his lap . 
 removing his mask , he kisses the side of my face , and slides my mask off . 
 i turn to meet his eyes , but i do n't kiss him . 
 `` elliott . '' 
 we are so close i can see his pupils contrasting with the pale blue of his eyes . 
 `` your father is n't dead . '' 
 chapter eleven his hands drop , and he stares at me . 
 i plow on . 
 `` the corpse collectors took him , but he was alive . 
 he survived . 
 he stayed in the swamp . 
 the diseased men took him in and worshiped him because he seems to be immune to the contagion . 
 they consider him some sort of saint , a miracle . '' 
 `` malcontent , '' he says slowly . 
 `` you 're saying that my father , who i watched my uncle murder when i was a boy ... is alive ... is malcontent ? '' 
 i grip his shoulders tightly , waiting for the knowledge to sink in . 
 he shifts , and i slide from his lap , hitting the floor hard . 
 he does n't seem to notice . 
 he sits very straight , staring ahead . 
 i expected him to curse . 
 i expected indignation , but he surprises me . 
 `` does he know who i am ? '' 
 he 's gripping the arms of the chair , his knuckles white . 
 `` yes . 
 he knew what he was doing when he blew up the steamship . '' 
 the confident , arrogant elliott that i 've come to appreciate is gone . 
 he slumps in his chair . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 his father-not an unknown madman-tried to kill him . 
 i do n't reach out to him or speak . 
 i kneel beside him . 
 it is n't the most dignified of poses , but i do n't care . 
 my mother might have adopted the same position to comfort me as a child . 
 i know how it feels to have your world crash down on you . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 elliott 's eyes are haunted . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he starts to say something else . 
 `` elliott , '' i say gently , `` april was with me . '' 
 a clock in the corner ticks away the minutes . 
 elliott is so pale i 'd be afraid he might pass out , if he was the sort of person prone to fainting . 
 i reach to touch him , and then pull back . 
 `` if anyone finds out , you must hide how you feel . 
 let them think you do n't care . '' 
 `` like you , araby ? 
 nonchalant ? 
 uncaring about your own father 's sins ? '' 
 he 's getting angry now , defensive . 
 that 's the elliott i know . 
 `` i do n't suppose i was very good at hiding my feelings when i learned about father . 
 but you have to be . '' 
 `` your father did n't try to kill you . '' 
 i used to like to see elliott with his guard down , saw it as a chance to peer past the walls that he 's constructed . 
 but now that i know him , it makes me uneasy to see him so unsure . 
 even when he does n't know the right course of action , the elliott i know is always ready to fake certainty . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` my father tried to kill everyone in the world because i was n't happy . '' 
 elliott puts his hands on either side of my face . 
 he looks into my eyes . 
 i do n't look away . 
 for once , i do n't try to hide the guilt . 
 the pain . 
 `` you told your father you could n't find happiness ? '' 
 `` the world is bleak , '' i say . 
 then his arms are around me . 
 it 's an embrace , but not a passionate one . 
 he bows his head . 
 i put my own forehead against his cheek . 
 and we do n't move . 
 even when there are footsteps in the hall , and they stop in the doorway . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 it 's one of elliott 's men , blushing furiously at whatever he thinks he interrupted . 
 `` our meeting . '' 
 elliott groans . 
 `` of course . 
 araby , i 'll be back for you in an hour . 
 we 'll make plans . '' 
 he looks pointedly at the book of maps . 
 elliott releases me and strides across the room . 
 he hesitates in the doorway , but i do n't say anything , do n't ask to go with him . 
 the regret is setting in . 
 i should n't have been so open , should n't have revealed so much about my father and my feelings . 
 so he goes . 
 i walk over to lock the door behind him , and suddenly elliott reappears in the doorway , alone . 
 `` i 'd like to give you a reason to live . '' 
 he tosses something to me , and i catch it without thinking . 
 and then he 's gone again , and i 'm holding a diamond ring in my fist . 
 is this some sort of diversion ? 
 is he trying to keep me from the overwhelming guilt ? 
 was he afraid for my sanity ? 
 or was it more ? 
 it seems so long ago that elliott asked me to wear the ring , to pretend i was madly in love with him in front of his uncle . 
 since then i 've come to understand him , and on some level i think he understands me . 
 i slip the ring into my pocket . 
 while i appreciate the sentiment , i do n't need him to be my reason to live . 
 and i do n't plan to wait around for him to come back for me . 
 as i reach the stairway , i see will slipping down a side corridor . 
 and i follow him . 
 at first i mean to call out to him . 
 but he 's moving furtively , and every time he passes a corridor , he looks down it quickly . 
 he 's sneaking off , and i want to know where . 
 he grabs a candle and starts down a flight of stairs . 
 i wait until he 's passed through the door at the bottom before i follow him . 
 in the darkness on the other side of the door , i ca n't tell where he went . 
 as i turn , while my eyes adjust , a hand reaches from the shadows and grabs my arm . 
 i stifle a scream . 
 `` did elliott ask you to follow me ? '' 
 will asks . 
 i shove him . 
 `` did you really think i 'd spy on you for elliott ? '' 
 i cross my arms over my chest , furious . 
 he grins at me . 
 `` so you 're following me because you want to . '' 
 my anger is replaced by confusion . 
 i 'm following him because i wanted to see where he was going . 
 that 's all . 
 `` he did n't ask me to follow you . '' 
 i try to steer the conversation back to elliott . 
 `` but he does want to know where your printing press is . '' 
 `` he 'll figure it out soon enough . 
 and then he 'll have someone take over the machine and print whatever lies he wants . '' 
 `` and you only print truth ? '' 
 somehow the darkness makes it easier to ask the question . 
 `` i do n't always know the truth . 
 but i do n't print things i know are lies . '' 
 his voice is quiet and thoughtful . 
 `` give me your scarf . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask as i unravel it . 
 will sets the candle on the floor , and then his hands are on me . 
 he puts the soft fabric of the scarf over my eyes . 
 `` you 're blindfolding me ? '' 
 my anger is returning . 
 does he trust me so little ? 
 `` araby - '' `` i trusted you . 
 despite - '' i clear my throat . 
 i wo n't throw his betrayal in his face . 
 `` i do n't spy for elliott . '' 
 `` i know you can keep secrets . 
 you 've kept plenty of them . 
 but he has ways - '' i 'm blushing . 
 will is careful not to pull my hair as he ties the blindfold . 
 he can probably feel the heat coming off my cheeks . 
 `` i did n't mean - '' from his voice , i guess that he is blushing too . 
 `` i was thinking of torture , '' he says finally . 
 `` not anything improper . '' 
 but then his voice becomes bitter . 
 `` not that i have any say over what you and elliott ... the way your relationship - '' i turn toward him , though i ca n't see him through the fabric . 
 i trip over my own feet , and will steadies me . 
 `` you already warned me about elliott , '' i say . 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` that 's really all you can do . '' 
 because even though i 'm sure that my relationship with elliott is n't what he thinks it is , or will be , it 's my problem to fix . 
 `` i know , '' he says . 
 and then , changing the subject , `` we 'll be going down another flight of stairs . 
 i 'll tell you when we reach them . '' 
 we walk to the end of the corridor , through a creaky door , over a place where the floor is uneven . 
 the stairs are torture . 
 even with will 's guidance i have to feel to find my footing , and it 's distracting having him so near . 
 finally we reach the bottom . 
 and then he leads me across a floor that gives under my feet ... wood planks ? 
 and through another room . 
 `` stop , '' will says , and i hear him fumbling with a key . 
 then `` come into my lair . '' 
 something in his voice makes my heart speed dangerously . 
 i try to hide my discomfort by taking my time removing the scarf from my eyes and then smoothing my hair . 
 we are in an underground room , lit by gaslights . 
 the printing press takes up most of the space . 
 the mechanism looks complicated ; it 's wooden with a series of knobs and handles , as well as a huge wheel , where it appears the paper is fed through . 
 `` how did you learn how to work it ? '' 
 he picks up several pieces of lead type , arranges them to spell my name . 
 and then , as if embarrassed , knocks them away with the side of his hand . 
 `` i found some books in one of the libraries and studied . 
 in the beginning i just printed messages to take home for the children . 
 eventually i learned to print more sophisticated jobs . '' 
 `` did you come down here often ? 
 every night ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` probably once a week . '' 
 he sets to work , consulting a sheet of paper covered with elliott 's bold handwriting . 
 wooden crates line the walls . 
 at first i think they are filled with extra printing paper , but they are actually yellowing newspapers . 
 i step toward them . 
 `` where did you get these ? '' 
 `` kent and i rescued them from the same cellar where we found the printing press , '' he says . 
 he does n't even look up from arranging the type with deft fingers . 
 i pick up a delicate paper , holding it ever so carefully . 
 even with the gaslights , it 's difficult to read the newspapers . 
 i 'd like to take them upstairs and comb through them for days . 
 it 's like a glimpse of life when the world was normal . 
 before the plague . 
 they feel precious . 
 i flip to a society page with a picture of a girl in a fancy wedding dress with a veil . 
 april would love something like that , and with the contagion spreading she could use a veil . 
 i set the paper down . 
 `` what are you printing ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` warnings , from elliott . 
 a list of symptoms of the red death . '' 
 `` by the time you have the symptoms , it 's a bit too late , is n't it ? '' 
 `` i do n't question my orders , but i do n't think he means the diagnosis to help the victim . 
 i think he means for the other citizens to avoid those who are infected . 
 it makes it easier to kill them . 
 or exile them . '' 
 he 's judging elliott . 
 and maybe elliott deserves it . 
 the print on one of the flyers he 's already made reminds me of the one about my father . 
 i steel myself to ask him about it . 
 `` did people find the one you wrote about my father helpful ? '' 
 will flinches . 
 but he ca n't ignore this question . 
 he abandons the press and looks at me . 
 `` araby - '' `` did malcontent pay you to say those things ? 
 to make my father a villain ? '' 
 my fists are clenched , my nails digging into my palms . 
 `` i was n't paid . 
 i chose to do it . '' 
 `` i wish you had n't . '' 
 my voice is small , and i hate myself for it , but at least i said it . 
 `` the people who approached me felt that the knowledge should be out there . 
 we 've been living with this , with the aftermath , for our entire lives . 
 it seemed better for people just to know . '' 
 `` did you think of me when you printed it ? '' 
 the audacity of the question makes me feel sick . 
 but when he stands there like that , his hands shoved into his pockets , his face so young and yet so world-weary , i want to touch him , to wipe the pained expression from his face . 
 and that makes the betrayal rush back , more overwhelming than ever . 
 `` i always thought about you . 
 from the night i took you home , i never really stopped thinking about you . '' 
 i wo n't let myself dwell on this answer , or the pain of what could have been . 
 i wo n't let myself reach out and brush aside the hair that 's fallen over his face . 
 `` did you discuss me with malcontent ? 
 tell him that you could bring me to him ? '' 
 anger feels better than fathomless grief . 
 for years i simply wanted to hide from the world and all the pain . 
 now i want to fight . 
 at this moment i want to fight will . 
 `` i never - '' he steps away from me , pivoting , and then pacing across the room . 
 `` it was n't like that . 
 i did n't make offers to him . '' 
 he crosses the room in two strides . 
 with the low ceilings , he seems even taller than before . 
 he towers over me . 
 i can see his agitation in the movement of his hands . 
 the look in his eyes . 
 `` i never met malcontent before that night . 
 he did n't know anything about me , or the club , or the printing press . 
 he just knew that you had been in my apartment . 
 his men followed you the night you skinned your knee . 
 the night you brought henry the mask . '' 
 i reach for my own mask now , thinking of that night . 
 of the terror , and the dark cloaked men creeping out of the alley . 
 of will removing the splinter from my finger when i was safe . 
 `` he took my neighbor , you know . 
 i could n't save her . '' 
 i feel my anger dissipating . 
 `` what ... did he do with your neighbor ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she disappeared at the same time as henry and elise , only he never let her go . 
 her mask was left broken in her apartment . 
 it was my fault for drawing his attention . '' 
 `` or my fault , for coming to your apartment . '' 
 `` i suppose we could spend all evening assigning blame . 
 you are who you are , and all the villains want you . '' 
 i wonder if he includes elliott among the villains . 
 `` it 's why i returned to the city . 
 to do what i can to protect you . '' 
 `` as long as you do n't get in my way , '' i say with more bravado than i feel . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 he goes back to the press , arranging sheets of paper on the machine , turning knobs . 
 `` i told you yesterday , i 'm here to support you . 
 and i 'll honor my agreement to help elliott as long as he does n't become as much a tyrant as the others . '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' i insist . 
 `` elliott is nothing like prospero or malcontent . '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but he is n't in power yet . 
 i 've studied how the government worked , before the plague . 
 eventually , we 'll need elections . 
 real elections . '' 
 elliott is not likely to approve of such an idea . 
 or agree to it . 
 `` i can finish this later , '' he says . 
 `` you do n't want to stay down here with me . '' 
 yet i do . 
 this room feels safe , but i have too much to accomplish and we ca n't linger here . 
 will picks up my scarf . 
 if i let myself , i could enjoy his touch as he wraps the fabric around my eyes , as he takes my hand to lead me outside . 
 but i will not allow myself to feel such things . 
 not when i 've agreed to be by elliott 's side . 
 i do n't let on that the blindfold is loose , that i can see enough to be able to retrace my steps . 
 it seems to take him forever to remove the blindfold . 
 i stand , my chin tilted upward , as he unties the knot . 
 we 're standing in front of a window . 
 will looks out . 
 `` the moon is covered by clouds tonight . 
 let 's check the roof to be sure everything is ready for when kent and the others arrive . '' 
 we climb multiple stairways until we finally come to the roof . 
 outside it is fully and completely dark . 
 nervousness wells up from the pit of my stomach . 
 april and the children and kent will be coming in on the airship . 
 we were shot down once before ; it could happen again . 
 elliott is on the roof , smoking a cigarette . 
 he grimaces but does n't say anything . 
 not about me arriving with will . 
 nor about my absence from my room , if he went back to retrieve me . 
 the sky is filled with hazy clouds , and i suspect it will rain before dawn . 
 `` i wanted to make sure everything was ready , '' will says . 
 `` i had the same idea . '' 
 elliott stubs out his cigarette and moves to help will . 
 they prepare lengths of rope and the huge piece of canvas that was used to hide the ship when it was on the roof of the morgue . 
 i stand to the side and watch the sky . 
 elliott pauses beside me . 
 being on the roof reminds me of the fireworks , the celebration in the bay . 
 `` just think how beautiful the ship would look , if it were illuminated . '' 
 `` kent would never risk that , '' elliott says . 
 `` but imagine a world where it was n't a risk . 
 i 'd like to live in that world . '' 
 `` i 'd like to create it for you . '' 
 his gaze is too intense ; i ca n't hold it . 
 glancing over , i see that will is checking the great iron rings that will hold the ship down once it is in place . 
 the wind is blowing the clouds , and as i watch i think i see something . 
 the prow of the ship . 
 i point upward . 
 `` they should n't be here for two more nights , '' elliott says . 
 `` unless something happened . 
 it 's cloudy . 
 if kent was desperate ... '' `` kent does n't get desperate , '' elliott says . 
 but will has gone very still . 
 finally he looks at me . 
 `` it 's why i wanted to have everything ready . 
 he told me he might bring the ship in early , if things were n't going well ... '' he pauses . 
 `` with april . '' 
 chapter twelve i ca n't breathe . 
 something has happened to april , and in the days we 've been in the city , i 've come no closer to finding father . 
 we do n't even know if he 's alive . 
 i watch the progress of the ship . 
 what if april is dead ? 
 `` so you 've been checking the roof ? '' 
 elliott asks will . 
 `` on and off . 
 tonight is the first night i thought their arrival might be a possibility . '' 
 there 's nothing we can do but wait . 
 half an hour passes . 
 we do n't speak . 
 we do n't assure one another that nothing is wrong . 
 we simply wait , the three of us , standing together , but not close enough that i could reach out to either of them . 
 the ship is mostly obscured by clouds , but when it emerges from cloud cover , it 's magical . 
 like something from a children 's story . 
 kent guides the ship in , and will and elliott begin tying it down as kent leaps to the roof to help them . 
 the wooden stairs lower , and even as the boys work to secure the ship , henry and elise descend , hugging me and inadvertently pulling my hair . 
 something sticky smears from my cheek to my forehead . 
 before i can wipe it away , mina is approaching . 
 `` april 's gotten worse , '' she begins . 
 but she does n't have to say anything . 
 april is right behind her . 
 i gasp . 
 she looks awful . 
 exhausted , her skin deathly pale and her eyes sunken . 
 i 'm careful not to be too obvious about adjusting my mask before i reach to embrace her , but then elliott is there , picking her up in his arms . 
 `` i 'll take her downstairs , '' he says . 
 kent follows . 
 the balloon is deflating , and they 've completely covered the ship with gray fabric . 
 unless you were standing on the roof looking for it , i doubt you would pay it any attention . 
 will stops in front of me . 
 `` elliott has asked me to take something across town for him tonight , '' he says . 
 `` some message for one of his officers . 
 could the children sleep in your room ? '' 
 i rub at whatever sticky residue henry smeared across the side of my face . 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 `` i 've missed them . '' 
 in the light of a lantern , will 's smile is sudden and radiant . 
 `` where is thom ? '' 
 i ask , turning to kent . 
 `` he did n't want to come in this far . 
 not with his very obvious illness . 
 we set him down on the outskirts of the lower city . '' 
 april 's room is in the same corridor as mine and elliott 's . 
 kent tucks her into bed ; mina goes to a cot in her dressing room . 
 after i 'm sure april is comfortable , i retire to my room . 
 elliott grimaces when he sees the children following me . 
 but i 'm relieved . 
 there can be no repeat of what happened this afternoon . 
 i never wanted to share anything like that with elliott . 
 i 've always known better . 
 i lie awake for a long time . 
 i ca n't even toss and turn because henry is curled up on one side , elise on the other . 
 i ca n't get the image of april , and her pallor , from my mind . 
 if i ca n't find my father very soon , then i must go to hers , as thom suggested . 
 and as i consider giving myself to malcontent , i realize that if the children on either side of me were in danger , that i would do exactly what will did . 
 that i ca n't hold his betrayal against him any longer . 
 i forgive him . 
 and with that , i fall asleep . 
 the next morning , sun is streaming through the window . 
 henry reaches over me to pinch elise , and she slaps his hand away . 
 i push both of them back to their own sides of the bed and sit up so i can look down at them . 
 `` i have n't seen you in days , '' i say . 
 `` did you have many adventures while we were apart ? '' 
 `` we saw animals in the forest , '' henry says . 
 `` cougars and wild dogs . 
 kent said that maybe we could tame a rabbit , so that i could have a pet . '' 
 finn and i had a cat when we were young . 
 she disappeared soon after we moved with father to the cellar . 
 henry is working up some excitement for telling me what he saw in the woods . 
 `` and then we saw a large animal that i thought might be a horse , but it had horns - '' `` antlers , '' elise corrects , shaking her head at her small brother . 
 `` is there something to eat ? '' 
 `` we 'll have to get dressed and go downstairs , '' i say . 
 i show them to the closet . 
 `` take anything you want . 
 before i know it , henry is wearing a coat that nearly drags on the floor , with the sleeves carefully rolled up , and a woman 's hat with two feathers in it . 
 it is n't exactly what i expected when i told him to take what he wanted , but elise starts to giggle and ca n't stop , and her laughter is infectious . 
 we are all laughing when we are interrupted by a light knock at the chamber door . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 it 's will . 
 my heart speeds up at the sound of his voice , and i 'm not sure how i should feel about that . 
 everything has changed , and nothing . 
 i ca n't just blurt out that i forgive him , and he 's not likely to see it on my masked face . 
 `` look how pretty araby is , '' elise announces loudly . 
 `` she has n't even washed her face yet , and she 's still pretty . '' 
 `` actually , i have washed my face , '' i say , and feel myself blushing . 
 `` she smells good , '' henry adds . 
 `` i 'm thrilled that you could spend your evening with such a pretty and fine-smelling young lady , '' will says . 
 he has n't really looked at me , and his face is drawn . 
 `` what 's happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` more cases of the red death . 
 some areas are overrun with it . '' 
 he starts to say something else , but he looks to the children and closes his mouth . 
 `` do you want me to take them to get something to eat ? '' 
 `` i 've asked one of the servants to deliver breakfast to my rooms . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` it 's like i 'm a patron here , instead of a glorified servant . '' 
 he yawns . 
 `` go , get some rest , '' i say . 
 `` i should check on april . '' 
 `` it does n't look good , araby , '' he says softly . 
 and then , as we all walk into the hallway together , `` do n't take off your mask . '' 
 he leads the children , smiling quietly as they chatter , and i stop at april 's suite . 
 a servant is outside with a tray . 
 `` i 'm not going in there , '' she says . 
 `` no matter what mr. elliott says . '' 
 so the servants know already . 
 i do n't blame her for not going in . 
 she has a mask , but no one trusts the masks completely . 
 `` i 'll take it . '' 
 i lift the tray from her hands , and she looks at me with suspicion , as if i might have the plague too . 
 i push the door open , but april is sleeping . 
 i put my hand to her forehead . 
 she 's feverish but breathing well . 
 the best thing she can do is sleep . 
 i set the tray beside her bed and tiptoe out . 
 down in the dining room , elliott 's at a big table , talking to several of his officers . 
 `` i 'm going out , '' i announce . 
 he raises his blond eyebrows . 
 `` we have n't done anything since we arrived . 
 i do n't know where my father is , but he is n't here . 
 i have to do something . 
 april - '' `` i 'll go with you , '' he says . 
 `` i want to get a feel for the streets around the club . 
 as long as you do n't mind stopping to burn bodies . '' 
 `` it 's how i long to spend all my days , '' i say . 
 `` burning the dead . '' 
 he nods to his man , and then we exit the building to midmorning sunshine . 
 elliott toys with a match that he 's taken from his pocket and does n't say anything . 
 `` what shall we do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` have you heard from the clockmaker ? 
 we 're a day overdue in searching the akkadian towers . '' 
 `` the clockmaker promised to contact me if he discovered anything . 
 to get to the towers , we 'll need a steam carriage . '' 
 `` then we should go back and get it . '' 
 did he not see how deathly sick april was ? 
 kent risked his ship to bring her home early . 
 but elliott does not seem to be in any sort of rush . 
 `` it 's too dangerous to take the steam carriage out during the day , '' he says . 
 `` but i 'll take you this evening . 
 i promise . 
 and i 'll send someone to question the clockmaker . 
 be sure he 's doing what he said he would . '' 
 he stops to burn some bodies in a courtyard behind the morgue . 
 to his credit , he does n't tell me not to look . 
 to my own , i do not avert my eyes . 
 at the same time , i do n't think about who they once were . 
 elliott says something under his breath , what seems to be a sort of benediction for the dead . 
 then he drops the match . 
 `` this is likely to be unpleasant , '' he says . 
 it 's worse than unpleasant . 
 the metallic-sweet smell of death is inescapable , and ashes fly up into the air . 
 if i did n't have my mask on , i 'd be choking on death . 
 `` will says that the red death is getting worse , '' i say . 
 `` it is . 
 two of my soldiers died yesterday . 
 and another was killed . 
 we think he was ambushed by some of malcontent 's zealots . 
 they 're using the tunnels to reach more people . 
 climbing into houses through cellars and basements . '' 
 we 've stepped back , away from the burning remains . 
 `` we need to find a way to use the tunnels against them . 
 perhaps block them off , '' he says . 
 `` do you want to have a look ? 
 i 'm open to suggestions . '' 
 exploring tunnels seems better than standing here , choking on ashes . 
 and if our search for father is as fruitless tonight as it 's been since our return , then i 'll need to use the tunnels to find malcontent . 
 we climb down into earthy-smelling tunnels , much like the ones that we entered from the clockmaker 's basement . 
 `` who built these ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no one knows . 
 they 're ancient . 
 my father '' - he grimaces - `` was a student of history , and he said that city after city has been built on this site because of the harbor . 
 he used to fund excavations , and i 'd go watch the men dig , waiting to see what they would uncover . 
 my uncle thought it was foolish , but when they uncovered something shiny or valuable , he was the first person on hand . '' 
 `` was he always so ruthless ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 father did n't see it . 
 he was a good man ... then . 
 easily led , i suppose , but a good man . '' 
 `` so was my father . '' 
 i wait for elliott to argue , but he 's stopped , examining a skull embedded in the wall . 
 a pile of ancient bones lies in the tunnel . 
 after the diseased corpses we just burned , these brittle bones have an antique sort of elegance . 
 eventually we come to an intersection that looks more frequently used than the one we 've been traveling . 
 `` this is the path his men are taking , '' elliott says in a hushed voice . 
 `` i ca n't spare enough men to waylay them , but perhaps kent could devise some sort of trap . 
 at least to keep them out of this area . '' 
 i memorize the route that brought us here , paying special attention to the last few twists and turns . 
 if i need to reach malcontent , this is my best path . 
 and with april in such poor shape , i suspect i will be using the tunnels before kent sets up any traps . 
 at least i hope so . 
 `` i could use some fresh air . 
 let 's go back to the club . 
 i 'll dispatch a soldier to check in with the clockmaker , '' elliott promises . 
 `` we will find your father . '' 
 we backtrack to the nearest ladder and climb up to the street . 
 the streets we traverse in the debauchery district seem in relatively good repair . 
 only one small building looks burned out ; a few have broken windows . 
 the streets are relatively free of debris , though i nearly trip over a broken jug . 
 was it dropped as someone fled from the red death , or used as a makeshift weapon ? 
 we turn a corner and see dozens of people carrying luggage , looking up at the buildings with hopeful expressions . 
 the first of elliott 's settlers . 
 a soldier leads the group . 
 `` the morgue is nearly filled , sir , '' he says to elliott . 
 `` i 've sent men to search the surrounding buildings . 
 we 've been sending those from the upper city to the debauchery club . '' 
 `` be sure you leave room in the club for some officers , '' elliott says . 
 `` consult the list of safe buildings . '' 
 `` we 've cleared three city blocks so far , '' the soldier says . 
 one of the women falls to her knees before elliott and tries to kiss his hand . 
 he pulls back , his cheeks flushing . 
 `` thank you so much , sir , '' she says . 
 `` we 've been afraid to go outside . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , '' he says gravely . 
 `` we 're going to need more food , '' the soldier says . 
 `` and something for them to drink , since we 've been telling them the water is n't safe . '' 
 elliott nods , and the group plods away . 
 `` i should check in with kent , '' elliott says . 
 `` he 's in the brew house , working on the water problem . 
 we need more of everything . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we 're back in sight of the debauchery club . 
 elliott makes a move to walk with me , but his attention is n't on me anymore . 
 `` go to kent , '' i tell him . 
 `` i can walk down the street by myself . '' 
 he does n't argue , so i set off . 
 after a few moments , i hear footsteps behind me , and i turn to tell him that i 'm not completely dependent on him to protect me . 
 but the street is empty . 
 i speed up . 
 malcontent 's people could grab me from the street and sweep me into a tunnel deep underground . 
 and ... maybe that 's what i want . 
 to make contact with malcontent . 
 but not before trying the akkadian towers . 
 and on my own terms , not as a prisoner . 
 i 'm close enough to the club that elliott 's guards will hear me if i scream . 
 so instead of being afraid , i find myself annoyed that someone is following me . 
 i turn , waiting for the person to emerge . 
 it 's a man in a dark hood . 
 before he can react to me waiting for him rather than running away , i reach up and push his hood back . 
 i do n't recognize his face , but his skin is unblemished . 
 `` who are you , and what do you want ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` are you the scientist 's daughter ? '' 
 the man asks . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want to know if there is still a reward for information about dr. phineas worth . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 my voice quavers , and i put a hand to the lamppost beside me to steady myself . 
 `` yes , of course there is . '' 
 i have gold to reward him for his information , but it 's in elliott 's room , in his pack . 
 `` what of my father ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the man steps away from me . 
 `` i want to see my payment first . '' 
 i reach into my pocket . 
 the diamond ring is there . 
 can i trade it to this man for his information ? 
 i ca n't take him to my chamber , and if i go up to retrieve the gold , he might well disappear . 
 `` take this , '' i say . 
 the man stares at the ring , and unexpectedly , his eyes fill with tears . 
 a long-lost memory of some other diamond ring ? 
 i do n't know , or care . 
 `` what do you know of my father ? '' 
 `` he 's dead , '' the man says . 
 i ca n't tell if he 's happy or sad . 
 his voice is weary . 
 emotionless . 
 i study his face for some sign that he 's lying , but he meets my eyes . 
 he believes what he 's just said . 
 the world wavers for a moment , and i have to grab the rough wall of the building beside me to keep from falling . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` he used to feed the fish in the stream behind the science building , at the university , yes ? '' 
 father always saved bits of bread for the fish , in the same way that he saved food for hungry children . 
 that stream is the place elliott and i last saw him . 
 `` some of the students realized who he was . 
 they went after him . 
 killed him and threw his body in the river . 
 it 's better , i think , throwing them in the river , than leaving them in the streets . '' 
 it 's this detail about the fish that convinces me . 
 could he be dead ? 
 a wave of dizziness and nausea sweeps over me , but i force it down . 
 my father , who took me to parades . 
 who comforted me when i was hurt . 
 who made me sleeping drafts and kissed my forehead as i drifted to sleep . 
 `` did you see it happen ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` or simply hear about it ? '' 
 either way , his story rings painfully true . 
 he reaches into his robe . 
 i step back , expecting some weapon , but instead he pulls out my father 's spectacles . 
 i put out my hand , and the man drops them onto my trembling palm . 
 they are lighter than i would have expected . 
 but they are his . 
 the left earpiece is twisted . 
 i 'd recognize them anywhere . 
 my legs refuse to hold me up , and i collapse there in the street . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' the man says . 
 and this time i can hear the regret in his voice . 
 he steps to the mouth of the alley , calls to the guards at the club . 
 they come running , helping me to my feet . 
 the man is gone . 
 along with elliott 's diamond ring , and my hopes for repairing my world . 
 without my father and his elusive antidote , there is only one person who can save april . 
 malcontent . 
 he claimed that he had a cure . 
 if it is n't too late for that . 
 if he is n't too angry that she allowed me to escape . 
 would he forgive her transgression if i turned myself over to him ? 
 i need to prepare myself to find out . 
 chapter thirteen as i approach april 's room , i 'm expecting the worst . 
 but she is sitting up , dressed in a bright gown . 
 `` you keep leaving this , '' she says , instead of `` hello '' like a normal person . 
 she 's holding my makeup bag . 
 i throw myself into her arms and hug her . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 i start to ask , but she puts her hand to my mask , shushing me . 
 `` let 's not talk about that . 
 we 're back in the debauchery club . '' 
 i stare at her , at a loss , and then she laughs . 
 `` let 's dye your hair . '' 
 she pulls bottles and vials from her own bag . 
 i want to laugh with her , but i 'm afraid if i do , something inside me might break . 
 the most i can summon is a smile . 
 `` this is the first time i 've seen you smile in a long time , '' she says softly . 
 `` there has n't been much to smile about . '' 
 my father ca n't be dead ; april ca n't be dying . 
 but i know better than that . 
 i held my twin brother while the life bled out of him . 
 bad things happen every day . 
 unspeakable things . 
 `` you are n't even going to recognize yourself , '' she says , and it takes me a moment to realize that she 's talking about my hair . 
 the first time she dyed it was so that i would n't see finn when i looked in the mirror . 
 whether or not the color had anything to do with it , i rarely see him now . 
 for weeks , since malcontent 's attack , i 've barely thought about him . 
 but the memories are still there . 
 with father dead , and if malcontent kills me , then only mother will be left to remember finn . 
 preserving his memory is important . 
 but he 'd still want me to fight for april . 
 even if it means losing everything . 
 including him . 
 `` you told elliott about our father , '' april says , pouring water into a basin . 
 `` i can tell by the way he looks at me . 
 halfway pitying , half angry . '' 
 april 's room is more opulent than mine . 
 hangings cover the walls and carved furniture looms over us , dressing tables and mirrored chests and armoires . 
 a dressing room stands open , and a variety of dresses are strewn about . 
 the tray from this morning with the remains of breakfast is still on the bedside table . 
 the servants have n't come back for it , too afraid of catching the contagion . 
 `` he needed to know . '' 
 april turns me so that she 's behind me . 
 her hands are in my hair , massaging in the herb mixture that will change the color . 
 `` does he deserve to know that you 're in love with will ? '' 
 she asks softly . 
 even though she 's working with my hair , i move to face her . 
 her blond hair is lustrous , falling in waves over her shoulders . 
 but a sore oozes over her left eyebrow , and she is n't wearing eye makeup because of it . 
 her eyes look nak * d. `` i 'm not in love with him , '' i say . 
 `` you 're angry at him . 
 that does n't mean you do n't love him . '' 
 `` i 'm not angry anymore . 
 i understand what will did . 
 the decision he made . 
 and i wo n't pretend i 'm not attracted to him . 
 but i 'm not in love with him . 
 i 'm not in love with anyone . '' 
 `` is this the same speech you gave kent ? '' 
 she asks , spinning me back around and smearing something that smells of lavender into my hair . '' 
 ` april is more important than kissing boys , ' '' she mimics . 
 `` he believed you . 
 i do n't . '' 
 this is what girls are supposed to do with their best friends . 
 gossip about boys . 
 my lack of interest in it has always been a sore spot with april . 
 and now ... the weight of the world seems to be on my shoulders . 
 i ca n't forget that father is dead , that april is sick . 
 that i should n't be sitting here-i should be devising some plan , no matter how crazy , to save her . 
 she wraps my hair in a towel and drops into a matching chair , so close that our knees touch . 
 `` who is a better kisser ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 and then her nose wrinkles . 
 `` if it 's elliott , i do n't want to know details . 
 is it elliott ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to tell you details , '' i say , indignant . 
 but then , because she 's my best friend , and because she 's waited a long time for this sort of discussion , taking me to the club two or three times a week ... i sigh . 
 `` elliott is insistent . 
 intense . 
 with will , it 's like i forget that anything else exists . '' 
 i feel my face burning . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say quietly . 
 `` they are both important to me . 
 without kissing . '' 
 `` but kissing makes everything better , '' she says . 
 her eyes meet mine , and i laugh . 
 a real , true laugh . 
 i reach out and take her hands . 
 `` what can we do for you ? '' 
 i ask , though i know that this change in subject will kill the laughter . 
 `` nothing . 
 kent has tried everything . 
 if there were any cure , he 'd know . 
 he lost his mother to the plague , and he knows everyone who 's been experimenting and inventing . 
 he 's smarter than anyone i 've ever met . '' 
 she glows a little when she says this . 
 `` what about your father ? 
 he said that he could cure you . '' 
 this is as close as i will come to revealing my desperate plan . 
 `` do n't believe him , araby . 
 i 've thought about it , wondered if i should 've stayed . '' 
 she gives me a sad smile . 
 `` not because i regret saving you . 
 that was the good part . '' 
 she runs a comb through my hair , untangling it . 
 and then she rinses it with water from a small pitcher . 
 my heart sinks . 
 if malcontent ca n't save her , then she 's doomed . 
 `` why should n't we believe him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` because he 's a liar , '' she says . 
 `` and he 's crazy . 
 if he could cure the contagion , would n't he cure all those men who are following him ? '' 
 but i 'm not so sure . 
 it 's convenient that malcontent has never gotten the disease . 
 his men believe he is a saint . 
 but we know better . 
 he must have some cure that we are n't aware of . 
 he 's my last chance to save april . 
 she 's running her hands through my hair , though surely the tangles are all out by now . 
 i lean into her , comforted by her touch . 
 `` will took me up in the hot-air balloon , the one that used to be tethered on the roof of the morgue , '' i say . 
 because i 've not told anyone . 
 i 've not let myself think of it . 
 but lately will is slipping back into my thoughts . 
 `` what ? 
 why did n't you mention this before ? 
 tell me everything ! '' 
 she 's animated suddenly , spinning me around to look at her . 
 `` he showed me the city and said that i had to believe in good things . '' 
 this is where my heart drops . 
 `` because he was getting ready to betray me . '' 
 tears well up , and i force them down . 
 april squeezes my shoulder , then busies herself by lining up the leftover vials of hair dye on the bureau across the room . 
 `` you 're pale . 
 we need more of that sparkly eye shadow , '' she says . 
 `` yes , '' i agree . 
 `` we do . '' 
 `` i left some in elliott 's room , before we left the city . 
 i 'll call for mina to fetch it . '' 
 her new protege seems happy to do april 's errands . 
 april helped me through my darkest moments , and now she 's doing the same for this delicate girl . 
 when she comes back into the room , april has finished with my hair . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' mina says . 
 `` sit down , '' april commands . 
 `` i 'll put makeup on you , too . '' 
 the girl smiles , but her expression is sad . 
 she 's still in mourning for her brother , when every bit of happiness is followed by guilt . 
 mina pulls up a chair and april carefully lays out a selection of makeup brushes on a silver tray . 
 `` close your eyes , '' she tells mina , and smears something over her eyelids . 
 `` tell me about your brother , '' i say . 
 mina 's eyes fly open , and april tsks . 
 mina closes them again immediately . 
 the silence stretches so long that i think she is n't going to say anything , that she 's still mad at me , but finally she answers . 
 `` he had a crooked smile , '' she says . 
 `` he kept me out of the orphanage . 
 made sure that i was always cared for . '' 
 `` my brother liked to play pranks , '' i say . 
 `` i hated it every time he put a spider in my bed or jumped out from behind something . 
 but i miss his laugh . '' 
 `` at least he had a sense of humor , '' april says . 
 `` elliott was always too serious for pranks . 
 too intense . '' 
 she arches an eyebrow at me . 
 `` elliott 's eyes scare me , '' mina says . 
 `` i think he sees everything . 
 that he can see through people . 
 but will 's eyes are dreamy . '' 
 `` will 's eyes are dreamy , '' april agrees , giving me another knowing look . 
 april reaches over to examine the color of my drying hair . 
 her fingers , as she brushes my forehead , feel warmer than they should . 
 i raise my hand to her cheek . 
 she 's still feverish . 
 `` close your eyes , araby , '' april says . 
 `` we did n't get all this glittery stuff for nothing . '' 
 and then the brush is moving over my eyelids , feather soft , and i 'm transported for a moment to the simplicity of getting ready for our evenings at the debauchery club . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 april turns me toward the mirror . 
 mina claps her hands . 
 `` oh , i love it . '' 
 i glance over to see if she is sincere or if she is mocking me . 
 her eyes are shining . 
 she claps once more , as if to emphasize how much she loves it . 
 i stare at myself . 
 april has done it again . 
 last time she dyed my hair violet . 
 this time , she 's colored half of it a dark midnight blue that shimmers in the candlelight . 
 i look like someone new . 
 not the scientist 's daughter . 
 not finn 's twin sister . 
 just araby . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 april smiles . 
 footsteps in the hallway distract me . 
 has elliott returned ? 
 april does n't seem at all surprised when i excuse myself , hurrying to elliott 's rooms . 
 but he is n't there . 
 back in my chamber across the hall , i find quill and ink and carefully pen a message to malcontent . 
 i tell him that i will trade myself for april 's life and where to find me . 
 even if that man was wrong and somehow father is still alive , i do n't have time to waste searching for him . 
 april does n't have time . 
 pushing the letter deep into a pocket , i open the door to my chamber , prepared to go down to the cellar , to try to find a passage that connects to the ones malcontent is using . 
 but will is coming down the hallway , pulling henry along with him , and i can tell immediately that something is wrong . 
 anger and distress radiate from him . 
 his hair is wild , and his brow is furrowed . 
 he shoves henry at me . 
 `` elise is gone . 
 she went outside for a moment and malcontent 's men snatched her . '' 
 i fall back against the paneled wall . 
 `` oh , no , '' i breathe . 
 `` how do you know it was malcontent ? '' 
 `` henry said they had dark robes . 
 i have to go try to find her , and i ca n't take him . 
 i know i have no right to ask , but will you keep him safe ? '' 
 henry 's eyes are huge in his face . 
 i wrap my arms around his too-thin shoulders . 
 `` you 're scaring him . '' 
 `` he needs to be . 
 in a world where someone grabs ... '' his voice breaks . 
 `` i kept her inside for years . 
 i kept her safe . 
 i 'll do anything to get her back . '' 
 he turns away . 
 `` will , wait . '' 
 i lift henry to my hip and block will 's path . 
 `` you do n't know where to go , you do n't know - '' `` i know that malcontent is stealing little girls . 
 i 'm going underground . 
 to the place where i took you when he had the children before . 
 the tunnels by the pier . 
 if she is n't there , i 'll keep looking . '' 
 `` do you need me ... '' i start to ask . 
 `` you could take me again ... '' i hold henry close and look directly into will 's eyes . 
 without breaking our gaze , he grips henry 's shoulder in a way that must be painful , but the little boy does n't complain . 
 `` it 's amazing , how right your boyfriend was . 
 prophetic , really . '' 
 `` he 's not - '' i begin , but then i shake my head . 
 `` right about what ? '' 
 `` the dangers of caring for too many people . '' 
 the flash in his eyes makes my heart stop for a moment . 
 and then he releases henry and walks around me . 
 henry and i watch him until he turns a corner , and then listen to his footsteps get farther and farther away . 
 `` let 's go downstairs and find you something to eat , '' i finally say to henry . 
 his face is white and drawn , and he buries it in my shoulder . 
 before we reach the kitchens , a servant stops us . 
 `` you have a visitor , '' he says . 
 `` an old servant of your family ? '' 
 our old courier stands in the hallway . 
 i 'm so glad to see him alive and well that i would embrace him , if i was n't already holding henry . 
 he rushes up to me and grabs my arm . 
 his fingers are shaking , and his eyes are sunken in , as if from some terrible pain or worry . 
 `` miss araby ! 
 thank god i found you . 
 prospero 's men took my daughter . '' 
 `` prospero 's men ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 they say they are rescuing them , but the people in the lower city know better . '' 
 `` are you sure it was n't malcontent ? '' 
 `` it 's prospero , '' he insists . 
 `` you must have heard of his orphanages , where he trains his servants and his ... entertainers . 
 he 's planning some last entertainment for his great masked ball . '' 
 i look at henry . 
 i swore to protect him , but will is after the wrong man . 
 elise and who knows how many other girls are in danger . 
 `` do you know where this orphanage is ? '' 
 `` no . 
 people whisper about it , but ... '' `` come upstairs . '' 
 i set henry down and lead him and the courier back to april 's room . 
 april is in bed , propped on pillows . 
 the tray of food still sits ignored on her vanity table . 
 i push henry toward the food and gesture for the courier to help himself , too ; he 's grown gaunt in the weeks since i 've seen him . 
 `` i was planning to eat that , '' april says as henry discovers a pudding and spoons it into his mouth with such intense concentration that i think his eyes have crossed . 
 `` i 'll ask the servants to send more , '' i say . 
 `` where 's mina ? '' 
 even as i ask , the girl pops her head in from april 's dressing room . 
 i wave her into the room . 
 `` the orphanages . 
 you said your brother protected you from them . 
 can you tell me where they are ? '' 
 `` the building is near the last place we lived . 
 it 's one reason my brother wanted to get me out of the city , why we ran away ... . '' 
 i take out my book of maps and lay it on the table , gesturing for her to show me where to look . 
 after a moment her forehead wrinkles . 
 she does n't understand the maps . 
 `` i could take you there , '' she says finally , `` but these ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` we have to find elise , '' i say . 
 `` and this man 's daughter . 
 if you ca n't read the maps , will you lead us ? '' 
 mina nods , though her eyes are larger than usual . 
 terrified . 
 my estimation of her goes way up . 
 `` i 'm going with you , '' april says , swinging her legs over the side of the bed . 
 `` where are my shoes ? '' 
 `` you ca n't , '' i say . 
 `` you need to rest . 
 and i need you to watch henry . '' 
 `` i 've been resting all day , '' she counters . 
 `` i 'm not leading you into danger . 
 and i 'm not taking henry either . 
 if anything happens to him , will will never forgive me . '' 
 `` then i guess you 'll have to stay here . 
 order some more pudding for me , will you ? '' 
 and with that , april sweeps out of the room . 
 chapter fourteen henry and i stand in april 's doorway for a moment . 
 i ca n't think how to force april to stay , other than locking her in her room . 
 which never really works in the debauchery club , at least not in my experience . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i call , running to my room for the small gun that elliott gave me . 
 i catch up to them at a closet where april is handing out cloaks . 
 unlike those that malcontent 's men wear , these are made of velvet and lined with satin . 
 but they are heavy enough to hide our shapes a bit . 
 someone will have to approach us to tell that we are three girls alone with one man and a child . 
 i have no idea how we will save elise and the other kidnapped girls . 
 my mind races , trying to form some sort of plan . 
 we exit through a side door and down an alley . 
 i hold henry tight , and as we reach the street , he moves closer to me . 
 like elise , he was never allowed to go outside . 
 i squeeze his shoulder . 
 the streets are busy today . 
 groups , families-or what 's left of them-with luggage , some moving toward elliott 's safe zone , and others in finery , hoping to beg or bribe their way into prospero 's ball . 
 twice we hear crying . 
 discreet sniffling through an open window , and then wailing from a courtyard . 
 i doubt elise and the courier 's daughter are the only girls who have been stolen away . 
 as we turn the corner , my attention is caught by a man looming over a woman holding a grubby child . 
 her suitcase is open , spilling into the dirt of the street . 
 i keep my eye on them , even as our small group crosses the street , hurrying toward our destination . 
 the man empties the suitcase , and then knocks the child from the woman 's arms . 
 `` henry , hold miss april 's hand , '' i say under my breath . 
 people walk past , ignoring the scene , but i ca n't tear my eyes away . 
 i have to do something . 
 the man pulls himself up to his full height and reaches back for a weapon that 's strapped to his back . 
 he 's discovered this woman does n't have anything worth stealing , but he has n't moved on . 
 i stride across the street even as the woman throws herself over the boy . 
 i hold my gun in front of my body . 
 i do n't even remember pulling it from my pocket . 
 my gun only has two shots , so i must be careful . 
 he 's holding a wooden club . 
 it 's an ugly weapon , rusty nails protruding through the wood . 
 he arcs his arm , ready to take a swing at the woman . 
 `` step away . '' 
 my voice escalates on the second word . 
 the man raises his head and sneers , until he spots the gun in my hand . 
 he spits into the scattered belongings . 
 i see the disdain in his small , mean eyes . 
 he does n't think i 'll shoot . 
 i want to prove him wrong . 
 because if i do n't , he 'll terrorize other women and other children . 
 but i only have two shots , and i may need both of them to save elise . 
 i wait . 
 very deliberately , the man gathers himself and spits again , not into the clothing , but at me . 
 it hits just below my hairline , hot and disgusting , and slides down behind my mask . 
 i hold the gun as steady as i can , forcing my fingers not to pull the trigger , because he 's retreating . 
 the man saunters away as if he has n't a care in the world . 
 my hand shakes a little , wanting to hurt him . 
 but i do n't . 
 i keep the gun trained on the man until he disappears down a side street , out of sight . 
 the woman pulls herself up and clutches her child . 
 i lower the gun and force myself not to pull the mask away . 
 not to wipe at the sticky residue that has pooled below my cheekbone . 
 even if no one else is infected , there 's still april , only a few steps behind me now . 
 i must keep the mask on . 
 `` thank you , '' the woman says quietly . 
 i do n't look closely at the child she is holding . 
 he has n't cried out once , not even when the man knocked him from his mother 's arms . 
 if he 's badly hurt , i do n't want to know . 
 i ca n't do anything about it . 
 `` the debauchery district is in that direction , '' i say , pointing . 
 `` take the child and get inside . 
 one of the soldiers will find you medical help if you ask . '' 
 `` araby ? '' 
 mina has my arm and is pulling me away . 
 `` we have to keep moving . 
 he might come back . 
 with friends . '' 
 the woman heeds the warning and starts moving , scooping a few of her belongings into the battered case . 
 but i 'm rooted in the middle of the street with my gun in hand . 
 `` araby ! '' 
 it takes henry 's small voice to bring me back to reality . 
 i slide the gun back into my pocket . 
 `` let 's go , '' i say . 
 `` it 's near the river , '' mina says . 
 `` in the lower city . 
 we have to hurry . 
 do n't stop again . '' 
 she leads us to the abandoned industrial district . 
 the buildings are massive enough to block out the sun . 
 they loom on every side of us . 
 the streets themselves often disappear as if they 've been consumed by the factories . 
 we walk up one street , and then down another . 
 there are hardly any people here , but i watch for the dark cloaks of malcontent 's men . 
 as we pass a tent set up in the shadow of a blown-out factory , a girl stumbles into the street , scratching at her bleeding eyes . 
 henry screams , and all of us step back . 
 the girl falls to her knees , and before i can let out the breath i 'm holding , a man runs out of the tent . 
 he sees us watching and grimaces as he throws a rough blanket over her . 
 i lead our small band away . 
 i 'm not sure if she was already dead , but it 's just a matter of time . 
 we reach the stench of the river soon . 
 `` there , '' mina says eventually , pointing . 
 the orphanage is a squat one-story building surrounded by hulking factories . 
 all of the windows are barred . 
 `` so here we are , '' april says . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` first , we find a cellar with access to the underground tunnels , '' i say , trying the closest door . 
 it is locked . 
 `` araby , last time we were in the tunnels - '' april begins . 
 `` we need a way to escape out of sight once we find the girls . '' 
 i cut her off . 
 `` look for a tunnel entrance . 
 prospero 's men wo n't want to follow us into malcontent 's domain . '' 
 `` they came into elliott 's domain to take elise , '' april mutters . 
 `` if you have a better plan , you can tell me . 
 otherwise , we find a tunnel entrance . 
 you and henry wait there , ready to help the girls to safety if we get them out . 
 i 'll go up to the orphanage and knock on the door . '' 
 `` are you going to tell them you want to adopt a few little girls ? '' 
 april 's expression is almost identical to one that elliott makes . 
 i lead them down the street that passes in front of the orphanage . 
 studying the paving stones , i find the mark of an open eye . 
 before it was elliott 's symbol , it was the symbol used by a secret society to mark entrances to the tunnels . 
 i kneel and press the stone until it slides back to reveal a gentle slope leading into a narrow passage . 
 `` all of you stay here in the shadows . 
 i 'll knock on the door and try to find out how many guards are in there . 
 i doubt prospero has many people in the city . 
 but if there are lots of guards , then we 'll have to think of some way to sneak into the building . 
 look for a back door or a tunnel entrance . '' 
 if the sun was n't fading , i 'd look for a way to sneak into the orphanage first . 
 but it 's already late afternoon , and i do not want to be out at night with a pack of young girls . 
 whatever happens now , we have to do it quickly . 
 i approach the door , and rap heavily . 
 a guard answers . 
 he looks tired and unhappy . 
 `` i 'm looking for someone , '' i say . 
 `` a guard . 
 he 's very handsome ... . '' 
 i try to make my voice wistful , like a girl in love . 
 the guard frowns . 
 clearly this is n't what he was expecting . 
 `` you need to move on , '' he says . 
 `` this is n't a safe place . '' 
 `` he said he would meet me last night , '' i say in a rush . 
 `` and i could n't make it . '' 
 i hope that the frightened flush on my cheeks looks like a blush . 
 `` sorry , miss , '' he repeats . 
 `` i 'm the only one here . 
 the boss has pulled the others - '' my gun is out and pointed at the center of his chest . 
 if he 's the only guard , then my two bullets will be more than enough . 
 `` where are the girls ? '' 
 i demand , waving across the street with my left hand . 
 april and the others leave the doorway across the alley . 
 `` inside , '' he says . 
 `` believe me , i want nothing to do with this . '' 
 looking into his exhausted eyes , i believe him . 
 `` you should 've joined the rebellion . 
 they wo n't make you kidnap children . '' 
 `` my family is at the palace , under prospero 's ... protection , '' he admits . 
 he means his family is held hostage . 
 `` i 'm sorry for that , '' i say . 
 `` some of these girls are under my protection . '' 
 `` keep the gun on him , '' april commands . 
 `` i 'm going to go in and bring them out . 
 we do n't want to be trapped inside if more guards show up . '' 
 the soldier 's eyes shift from me to april , and she grabs his lapel . 
 `` is that what you hope to happen ? 
 are more guards on their way ? '' 
 `` hurry , '' i tell her . 
 `` get them out . '' 
 april and mina disappear into the building . 
 henry stays near me . 
 i keep my gun trained on the guard . 
 he sits down on the step , seeming resigned . 
 mina appears in the doorway with five chubby toddler girls , all dressed in frilly white outfits . 
 elise is not with them . 
 i stare at the girls . 
 `` what 're they supposed to be ? '' 
 `` swans , '' the guard says . 
 i look at him , but he just shrugs . 
 `` that 's what they are calling them . 
 prospero 's little swans . '' 
 then he adds in a low voice , `` crocodiles eat swans . '' 
 my heart sinks . 
 i do n't trust prospero , and i know his entertainment is often depraved , but surely ... i study the girls ' tear-streaked faces . 
 while my attention is on them , the guard lashes out , kicking my legs from under me . 
 i land hard , the air knocked out of my body , just as his boot connects with my ribs . 
 my mask has been pushed askew . 
 shrill voices are screaming . 
 but i 'm still gripping the ivory handle of the gun . 
 the guard aims another brutal kick at my chest , and i pull the trigger . 
 he falls beside me , clutching his own chest , and i scramble away , afraid it 's a feint , but blood trickles through his hands . 
 as i stagger to my feet , i realize that i ca n't quite catch my breath . 
 i think he bruised one of my ribs . 
 the courier leads the bigger girls out , and elise runs toward me , wearing the same ludicrous swan costume as the others . 
 `` do n't hug me , '' i gasp , forcing a smile so she is n't frightened . 
 her face pales anyway . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 `` henry 's waiting for you , '' i say , nodding toward him and trying not to wince . 
 elise puts her arm around him protectively , as though he 's the one being rescued . 
 some of the girls bounce up and down on their toes , the lace and feathers of their outfits spinning around them . 
 `` we need to go , '' i call . 
 mina is carrying a girl who 's little more than a baby , and april is right behind her . 
 and i walk away from the man i shot . 
 the first person i 've ever killed . 
 the children squirm . 
 several girls sit on the steps , and one of them lies down in the dirt , staining her white costume . 
 in the near silence , we hear the sound of wheels against paving stones . 
 nearly all of the carriages that are left belong to prospero . 
 these girls were collected in his name . 
 his men are coming . 
 we have to go now . 
 april shouts , `` everyone grab a partner . 
 big girls with little girls . 
 you have to hold someone 's hand . '' 
 they jump to attention , looking up to her with wide eyes . 
 `` do n't let your partner go for any reason . 
 we do n't want to lose anyone . 
 araby will lead us . '' 
 one small girl has no partner , so i hold her hand , showing them to the mouth of the tunnel , which we left open . 
 april takes up the rear , and the courier , holding tightly to his daughter 's hand , is somewhere near the center . 
 mina stays close to april . 
 one of the girls trips down the stairs , and they all squeal . 
 `` be careful and quiet , '' i admonish . 
 the tunnel is narrow , which is good for keeping them all within arm 's length , but every time we get to a cross tunnel i hold my breath , worried that one of the little girls will disappear into it . 
 we have no light but what filters through the cracks in the paving stones above . 
 those tiny trickles of illumination only serve to make the darkness seem more oppressive . 
 one of the younger girls stubs her toe and begins to cry quietly . 
 we pass through a series of brick arches , and i hear rushing water . 
 and then i feel water seeping into the toe of my boot . 
 the tunnels ahead may be flooded . 
 `` we need to find a way up , '' i say . 
 `` look for stairs or a ladder . '' 
 we 've passed a dozen ladders , but now i do n't see any , and the water is flowing over my feet . 
 this feels all too familiar . 
 my ribs throb , the wound on my back burns , and panic is setting in . 
 just when i 'm about to tell everyone to turn back and search for one of the ladders that we passed before , one of the side passages opens to a stairway . 
 i stumble up the steps , holding tight to the squirming girl in my arms . 
 april herds everyone into an open square , and though i do n't know how many we had to begin with , i keep trying to count them because it seems the right thing to do . 
 a cry startles all of us , and a woman runs toward us . 
 the soles of her shoes seem to echo each time her feet hit the street . 
 she grabs one little girl and embraces her . 
 soon we are surrounded by a crowd , all talking at once . 
 we are in the debauchery district , near the club , so it should n't surprise me that elliott finds us , drawn by all the noise . 
 he pulls me up , so that the two of us are standing on the base of a statue beside a stone horse . 
 people are shouting and crying , and i hear the words `` hero '' and `` rescue . '' 
 elliott raises my hand , clasped in his own , above our heads , and the crowd cheers . 
 i look around at all the faces . 
 after the devastation of the city , it 's just nice to see people smiling , to see that they have something to be happy about . 
 the little girls are finding their families , being reunited . 
 will is standing in a doorway , outside the adoring crowd . 
 elise must have found him . 
 he has his hand on her shoulder , though his eyes are trained on me . 
 henry is holding elise 's hand . 
 he is the only person who is n't clapping . 
 his tattoos stand out starkly on the pale skin of his neck . 
 he must realize i took henry into danger . 
 he must be furious . 
 but his face is completely blank . 
 i pull away from elliott . 
 but he does n't let me get far , pressing his palm against the stone wall behind us , nearly pinning me to the building . 
 he leans in , as if to kiss me . 
 the crowd cheers wildly . 
 the way that he 's claiming me makes me feel claustrophobic , and i put my hand to my ribs , gasping for breath . 
 elliott says something about me being shy . 
 he does n't yell it for everyone to hear , but he says it loudly enough that the ones in the front will repeat it for the others . 
 the crowd is exhilarated . 
 i do n't like his possessiveness , but if he was n't holding me , i might collapse from exhaustion and pain . 
 `` slip away with me , '' he whispers , and i think he means something suggestive , that he wants to be alone with me , and i do not want that . 
 `` you should stay , '' i say . 
 `` you love being the center of attention . '' 
 `` i believe they are clapping for you , '' he responds . 
 `` but that does n't matter . 
 we have to get away from all of this . 
 i 've found your father . '' 
 and he has to catch me because my knees give out . 
 my father or my father 's body ? 
 `` we have to get to my steam carriage , '' he says . 
 `` come . '' 
 he waves to the crowd and leads me away . 
 inside the stables , he hands me a pair of goggles . 
 `` we 're going to go fast , '' he says , smiling . 
 we pass an entire city block that has been gutted by fire . 
 charred bed frames stand within neat brick squares . 
 a chair . 
 a chimney standing all alone , the wall that surrounded it gone . 
 we pick up speed , and the wind blows through my hair . 
 it rushes against my face , as if it 's blowing away all the disease and decay . 
 soon the top of the akkadian towers comes into view , far above the other buildings in this part of town . 
 it seems impossible that we once had the ability to build such things . 
 that i ever lived there . 
 `` the tower is still standing , '' i marvel . 
 `` it was burning when we left the city . '' 
 `` the rain doused the fire , so it 's mostly intact . 
 people still live on the lower levels . 
 most of the richest occupants moved to less damaged premises , of course . '' 
 elliott pulls the carriage into a building that once housed a smithy . 
 the carefully lettered sign outside says the business services steam carriages . 
 `` it 's as good a place to hide this as i can think of , '' he explains . 
 he secures the carriage , taking a few small parts from the engine and pocketing them . 
 the street-level windows of the buildings here are mostly shattered . 
 can we still make glass ? 
 are any glassmakers still alive ? 
 no blacksmiths , no new windows . 
 elliott 's plan should be to start a school so that people can relearn these arts . 
 a potted flower sits on a balcony above us . 
 a red geranium that has somehow survived all the death and destruction . 
 we 're standing in the shadow of the akkadian towers . 
 for a year , i pulled up to the imposing double doors with april in her ostentatious steam carriage . 
 did the doorman survive the fire ? 
 what happened to our cook ? 
 before the red death , couriers would have been in and out , going about their business , but the streets are deserted . 
 we enter the alley behind the unfinished tower . 
 the last time i walked here was with will , and we saw a dead boy with his well-crafted leather boots and his immaculate white mask . 
 elliott pulls open a door with broken hinges and ushers me into a dark corridor . 
 `` is this building attached to the other ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the two buildings share a basement . '' 
 if we had moved here when i was younger , when finn was alive , the two of us might have explored the building more . 
 instead , i stood on the roof and thought about jumping . 
 elliott leads me through the empty echoing cellar that connects the unfinished tower to the half-ruined one where i used to live . 
 he takes a match from his pocket and strikes it , using the fleeting light to determine our path . 
 when it burns down to his fingertips , he drops it to the floor . 
 `` i need to start carrying candles , '' i say , mostly to myself . 
 i follow elliott to a stairway that leads up and connects to the stairs for the main tower . 
 i suppose the elevator will never be repaired , now . 
 we are , perhaps , four stories up when we hear a sound from the corridor . 
 elliott puts his hand on my arm , and then , slowly , one finger to his lips . 
 we tread lightly , trying not to draw attention , as we climb the next set of stairs . 
 luckily , stairways in the akkadian towers do n't creak , even after a fire . 
 when we stop to catch our breath , i raise my eyebrows . 
 `` squatters , '' he whispers . 
 i frown , glancing upward . 
 i hate the idea of anyone living in our old apartment . 
 `` they 'll avoid the highest levels , '' elliott reassures me . 
 `` the building is unstable , so they 'll want a quick escape route . '' 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 `` probably not . '' 
 elliott smiles . 
 i tread more carefully and avoid any spots that look damaged . 
 finally we reach the top floor . 
 the door to my family 's apartment stands partially open . 
 i stop on the threshold . 
 elliott takes my hand , and with his other he pulls out a small gun , almost exactly like the one he gave me . 
 our footsteps echo against the tile floor . 
 if anyone is here , they will hear us . 
 elliott leads me down the hall but does not stop at father 's study ; he makes no move toward it . 
 i break away from him and slide the door open . 
 the room has been ransacked . 
 the paneling is torn from the wall , the desk is crushed into splinters . 
 `` there is nothing to see in there , '' elliott says , except he has n't entered the room . 
 `` you did this , '' i say , stepping farther into the destruction , away from him . 
 `` you came here without me . '' 
 `` there was n't enough information in his journal . 
 i thought maybe i 'd find more here . '' 
 i turn . 
 he 's leaning against the doorframe , his face inscrutable . 
 i 've been waiting for him to bring me here , hoping ... my eyes burn . 
 at the back of the study , nothing remains but wooden beams . 
 it used to be covered with a handsome wood paneling that hid shelves upon shelves of glass jars . 
 in the jars are rats , floating in liquid . 
 several have fallen to the floor and broken , spilling limp dead rats and noxious liquid , which is perhaps what is making my eyes sting . 
 `` this is where he did it , '' i whisper . 
 `` this is where he created the red death . '' 
 chapter fifteen `` come away , araby , '' elliott says softly . 
 and then , more urgently , `` i did n't break those jars . 
 the building must have shifted , or someone else has been here . 
 we should get out of this room . '' 
 on the floor , i see a brooch in the glass . 
 i bend down-it must have belonged to mother-but elliott grabs me . 
 `` i do n't think you should touch that . '' 
 he 's right . 
 we step back into the hallway and slam the door behind us . 
 but as ever , it makes no sound . 
 we creep through the empty rooms . 
 in the kitchen , elliott 's boots crush the shards of bone china that have fallen from the cabinet . 
 through the arched doorway that leads to the dining room , i see that the vase at the center of the table is still filled with roses-all dead . 
 i leave elliott in the kitchen and slip into my bedroom . 
 crossing the floor in three quick steps , i throw open the door of my closet . 
 no one has pillaged this wealth of whalebone and silk , so i grab a favorite dress , a lovely muted red . 
 in a quick movement i discard the one i 've been wearing , which is stained and soiled with tunnel debris . 
 `` much better , '' elliott says from the doorway . 
 i blush deeply and pull the red dress over my head . 
 he steps into the room as i adjust the skirts , pretending that i was not just undressed in front of him . 
 mother would be mortified . 
 a glance in the mirror to adjust my hair reminds me how terrible my mask looks , cracked and stained with grime . 
 in my bureau , my spares are packed in cotton . 
 i drop the cracked mask into the drawer , where it lands with a hollow thud . 
 `` here . '' 
 before i choose a new one , elliott hands me a tube of red lipstick . 
 `` i think you were wearing this the first time i saw you . '' 
 `` the first time you saw me , you thought i was dead . '' 
 but i glide the lipstick on anyway , because it reminds me of the days before , and april . 
 then i cover it with a new white mask . 
 elliott raises an arm to escort me out , but i remove one more mask from the bureau . 
 this one covers the whole face , and it glitters . 
 `` this was for one of your uncle 's infamous parties . '' 
 elliott takes it from my hands , drops it back into the bureau , and slams the drawer . 
 `` as long as i have anything to do with it , you 'll never attend one of his parties . '' 
 he stalks from the room , but i hesitate . 
 should i tear the gemstones from the mask ? 
 in our little band , elliott controls all the gold . 
 and money often equals power . 
 i rip off a few gemstones and pocket them , then grab mother 's favorite scarf and wrap it around my shoulders . 
 `` your father wo n't come if he thinks anyone is here . 
 let 's go to the other apartment . '' 
 and so we enter penthouse a , april 's old home . 
 this apartment appears untouched , with chairs upholstered in gold silk still arranged around low glass tables . 
 `` where did your mother go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` as soon as the city became frightening , she ran to prospero 's protection . '' 
 the doors to the bedrooms are wide open , and elliott collects a blanket from his mother 's bed and two bottles of wine from the kitchen before he opens the door to a closet , steps inside , and gestures for me to follow . 
 `` i 'm not sure i want to crawl into a cupboard , '' i start to say , but then he pushes the back wall and light filters in . 
 i follow as he walks into the garden where he first recruited me to join his rebellion . 
 this humid , lush , abandoned place is where he and i began . 
 `` it certainly was easier for you to get into the garden last time than it was for me , '' i say , remembering the utility closet on the floor below and the hatch i had to climb through . 
 `` i was testing your ingenuity . 
 i could n't use a party girl who did n't have the initiative to find and climb a ladder . 
 you know , my uncle murdered the architects who built the akkadian towers . 
 he did n't want anyone to know the building the way he does . '' 
 `` how well do you know it ? '' 
 elliott 's eyebrows draw together . 
 `` not as well as prospero . 
 not as well as i 'd like to . 
 the garden is far from the only secret in the akkadian towers . '' 
 i looked into this garden every day from mother 's comfortable sitting room , but i 've only been inside that one time in the dark . 
 there are stunted trees lining the fake stream . 
 i recognize the bulbs of spring flowers . 
 this place is ready to bloom . 
 but the earth is disturbed in some areas as well . 
 as if by an earthquake . 
 elliott takes a tentative step forward , as if expecting the floor beneath us to move . 
 vines cover some of the trees , strangling them in this sea of green . 
 after a few steps , he seems confident that the garden is stable enough for the two of us . 
 at least , he makes no move to leave . 
 he places the wine and blanket on the low wall , where he was sitting weeks ago when he asked me to join his cause . 
 `` we might as well be comfortable while we wait for your father . '' 
 but i 'm nervous . 
 on edge after the excitement of rescuing those girls and the discovery that father may be alive . 
 `` walk with me , '' elliott says , and takes my hand . 
 `` this was always one of my favorite places . 
 no matter what villainous things he created , prospero also engineered luxury . '' 
 he leads me through the garden , past arbors of flowers to a low swing attached to the bough of a weeping willow . 
 `` prospero had to have extra water piped in to keep this old tree alive . '' 
 elliott pats the trunk . 
 `` but it still looks healthy . '' 
 `` the tree gets clean water , but the people of the city are dying . '' 
 i laugh a little , and then choke . 
 elliott turns his head . 
 there is something about him here , something calm and thoughtful . 
 as if i am seeing a different elliott . 
 an elliott who could have been a poet instead of a revolutionary . 
 he gestures to the swing , and i sit . 
 the wooden seat is cracked and lined with fungus . 
 all the piped-in water is now trapped in the air , making it heavy and muggy . 
 elliott wraps his hands around my waist and pulls me toward him . 
 then he slides one hand to my back , while still holding me against him with the other , like he knows what he is supposed to do-push me away from him so the swing can ascend-but he does n't want me to glide away from him . 
 eventually he lets go , and the movement of the swing feels unnaturally slow , as if this moment might last forever . 
 the moisture in the air settles on my skin , but instead of seeming clammy , it feels like fine silk . 
 when i swing back to him , he catches my shoulders , his hands trailing over the bare skin , delicately tracing my still-healing wound . 
 `` elliott . '' 
 i shift , and he wraps his arms around me and pulls me off the swing . 
 we tumble to the ground , laughing . 
 i reach out and brush the tiny blue flowers in the grass . 
 `` the same color as your hair , '' he says . 
 `` what was april thinking ? '' 
 but i do n't want to think about april , not now . 
 i do n't want to think of anything that 's happening outside these glass walls . 
 no matter what , when we leave this place , people will die . 
 we will find father , or i will go with malcontent . 
 elliott will overthrow prospero , or not . 
 so i lead elliott back over to the wall where we left our things . 
 he spreads the blanket beneath a bower of leaves and opens the bottle of wine . 
 `` i do n't have glasses . '' 
 he is not apologetic . 
 `` we 'll have to drink from the bottle . '' 
 he takes a long drink and then passes the bottle to me . 
 it 's better wine than what we 've been able to buy from the market . 
 `` this is - '' i begin . 
 `` magical . '' 
 elliott finishes my sentence . 
 i 'm not sure it 's what i would have said , but i do n't correct him . 
 `` will you will wear this ? '' 
 he holds out his hand , and the diamond ring , the one that i traded yesterday , lies in the palm of his hand . 
 it still sparkles , even after all it has been through . 
 i do n't ask how he retrieved it . 
 we are the children of murderers , abandoned by our fathers . 
 we do things others would n't dream of . 
 but here in this garden , we can forget . 
 so i take off my mask and kiss him . 
 and he kisses me back . 
 all of his intensity and all of my own yearning seem to twine between us . 
 the ring falls from my hand to the earth . 
 `` i love you , '' elliott whispers into my neck , and i do n't know what to say , but then i do n't have to say anything , because he kisses me again . 
 when i open my eyes a moment later , i think there 's a slow anger burning in his . 
 yet he 's still kissing me . 
 and then , abruptly , he stops . 
 a shadow falls over us . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 father 's voice is hoarse . 
 i jolt up immediately , readjusting my dress . 
 father presses his lips together . 
 he looks tired but the same as ever . 
 his hair is mussed , and there are ink stains on his hands . 
 a wave of love for him overwhelms me , and i throw my arms around him . 
 he smells of cedar wood and tobacco . 
 though he might 've been shocked at finding me tangled up with elliott , he pulls me close . 
 perhaps he did n't think he 'd ever see me , ever embrace me , again , either . 
 `` dr. worth . '' 
 elliott is standing now too , and his voice is cold but unsurprised . 
 he is perfectly composed . 
 he knew father would come here , to the garden . 
 that he would find us . 
 he set it-me-up . 
 like today after april and i rescued those children , elliott is staking some sort of claim . 
 the diamond ring is still lying in the dirt , and i leave it there . 
 father ignores him and brushes my hair from my face . 
 his eyes are filled with tears . 
 `` i was afraid that you were in the explosion , but then i saw your messages . '' 
 the explosion-oh , god . 
 he told me to leave on the steamship with elliott , but i never boarded because will gave me to malcontent . 
 `` i want you to pretend you never met me . 
 become someone else , '' father continues . 
 his eyes are more haunted than i 've ever seen . 
 he knows that i know , about the disease , everything . 
 he 's ashamed . 
 `` i would n't do that , '' i respond slowly . 
 there is no doubt , now , that he 's guilty . 
 `` i could n't , but you have to explain . 
 i need to hear it from you . '' 
 he does n't answer . 
 some childish part of me still hoped that he would proclaim his innocence , and somehow i would find it in me to believe him . 
 the silence stretches out . 
 i 've come all this way , and he answers me with silence . 
 but i did n't come back to the city just to ask him this . 
 i came to save april . 
 `` april is dying from the weeping sickness . 
 will you help her ? 
 can you ? '' 
 father 's brow furrows . 
 `` you know there is nothing that can be done . '' 
 his tone is completely without hope . 
 and this is somehow worse than everything that came before . 
 because if he can help april , he can undo a little of the evil he has done . 
 in his journal , i saw a man twisted by remorse , but also a man willing to make excuses for his own deeds . 
 a weak man . 
 i want my father to be strong . 
 to save the day . 
 i grip father 's sleeve . 
 `` but the rumors . 
 you had something that you threw away when finn died . 
 april is dying because of me . 
 we have to help her ! '' 
 `` if there had been a way , would finn have died ? '' 
 the way he says my brother 's name is just one more stab in my heart . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 i say in a low voice . 
 `` after finn died , you stopped working on cures and just created ways to kill more people ? '' 
 father stumbles back , away from me , his face completely white . 
 `` it 's all the prince let me do , '' he says , with the same lost look i 've seen him wear for years . 
 i turn away so he ca n't see how it infuriates me . 
 elliott does n't need to see how weak my father is . 
 elliott is an expert at exploiting weakness . 
 as if to make some sort of amends , father puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 he takes a tiny vial from an inside pocket . 
 `` you did drink yours ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` it protects against the red death ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` give some to elliott , '' i say . 
 and then , because he 's still my father , i add , `` please . '' 
 father squares his shoulders . 
 he told me to go with elliott , but he 's never approved of our friendship . 
 elliott crosses his arms over his chest and smirks . 
 `` you do n't love her , '' father says . 
 but elliott said he did . 
 just moments ago . 
 and i never responded . 
 that 's not the sort of thing he 's likely to ignore . 
 father rolls the vial back and forth between his thumb and forefinger , as if considering . 
 `` give him the vial , '' i say . 
 `` whether you like him or not , elliott is doing some good for the city . '' 
 father hands elliott the vial . 
 `` drink half . '' 
 he does so without a word . 
 i take it out of his hand and cork the vial before tucking it into my pocket . 
 `` i 'll need another , too , '' i tell father . 
 that will be enough for henry , elise , and will . 
 father takes a second vial from his vest pocket , and i snatch it . 
 elliott keeps that slight mocking smile on his face , but i see the anger in his eyes . 
 he knows that this vial is for will . 
 the gesture may be innocent , an attempt to protect a friend , the children . 
 but it 's too soon after ignoring his declaration of love . 
 i care for him . 
 but i do n't love him . 
 his eyes narrow , and something between us changes . 
 we ca n't stay here . 
 if father ca n't help april , then my course has been chosen for me . 
 i press my mask to my face and hold out elliott 's , for him to put on . 
 in return , he holds out the diamond ring . 
 i take it , but i wo n't wear it . 
 i drop it into my pocket . 
 elliott gives a sharp , ugly laugh , as if my gesture confirms everything he 's been thinking . 
 i look into his eyes , trying to understand , but he 's closed off to me now . 
 `` i 'll come with you to your friend , '' father says . 
 `` if nothing else , i have an ointment that will soothe her - '' `` that 's what we wanted , '' elliott cuts in . 
 `` to soothe my sister . 
 as she dies . '' 
 elliott lights a cigarette as father retrieves his small doctor bag . 
 `` i 'm sorry that she caught the disease , '' father says . 
 `` there are ways to prevent the spread . 
 a white powder . '' 
 we 're making our way back through the garden as he speaks . 
 `` prospero would n't let us manufacture enough of the vaccine , but it exists . 
 but after you catch either of them ... there is n't much you can do . '' 
 `` i need to know everything about the powder , '' elliott says . 
 `` how to make it , how to distribute it . 
 you 'll help me ? '' 
 father sighs . 
 `` it 's better than watching the world fall to ruin , i suppose . 
 something to occupy our time while people destroy what 's left of the city . '' 
 i hate his disillusionment . 
 father 's face has become so lined in the last few weeks . 
 despite my anger and disappointment , i want to smooth the concern from his face . 
 he is about to say something else when the metal hatch nearby shudders . 
 someone is trying to enter the garden through the maintenance closet below . 
 father hurries to it and twists a lever , locking them out and sealing us in . 
 he does n't know about the door leading in from penthouse a. `` come quickly , '' he says . 
 `` it must be malcontent . 
 his men have been searching for me . 
 we can break a window and escape through one of the apartments . '' 
 `` there is still only one stairway leading down . '' 
 elliott paces back and forth . 
 `` all they have to do is block it . 
 we 're going to fight our way out . 
 araby , do you have your gun ? 
 your knife ? '' 
 `` i 'm staying here . '' 
 i step in front of elliott , forcing him to look at me . 
 malcontent is on the other side of that door . 
 as terrified as i am of him , he 's april 's last chance . 
 and as much as they despise each other , father and elliott can work together . 
 they can save some of the people . 
 `` go through penthouse a , '' i tell elliott . 
 `` take my father with you . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' father says . 
 `` i 've only just found you . '' 
 elliott does n't say anything . 
 `` if anyone stays , it will be me . 
 i 'll tell them that i 've been hiding here , alone , '' father says . 
 `` malcontent will kill you , '' i say . 
 `` he wants you , and he wants elliott . '' 
 `` do you think he wants you any less ? '' 
 i do n't . 
 malcontent will kill me . 
 publicly , to show his power . 
 but of the three of us , i am the most expendable . 
 elliott 's silence is unnerving . 
 i know he 's angry , and hurt . 
 but we were trying to accomplish something together . 
 before i sacrifice myself , i want him to acknowledge that . 
 he does n't even look at me . 
 whatever was between us , it seems to have slipped away . 
 `` araby ... '' father 's voice is anguished . 
 `` i 've already lost your brother , your mother is imprisoned . 
 i ca n't - '' what he says next is lost in the sound of hammering at the metal door . 
 malcontent 's men have realized that it is locked from within . 
 they know someone is up here . 
 `` go . '' 
 i push him , and he does n't budge . 
 elliott may be ready to leave me , but father is stubborn . 
 i steel myself to hurt him . 
 `` you might be able to save me later . 
 if not ... well , there is n't much for me to live for in this ugly , decaying world , is there ? '' 
 father blanches . 
 and i shove him away from me . 
 but as i go to the metal door and begin twisting back the lock , i 'm thinking of will . 
 he was the one who showed me that living was better . 
 he knows that the suicidal girl is gone . 
 but if i think of the things i 'll never be able to say to will , i wo n't have the strength to do what has to be done . 
 `` if you 're still here when i open this , '' i say over my shoulder , `` malcontent will take all of us . 
 and everything will be lost . '' 
 `` he 'll search , '' elliott says . 
 `` he is n't stupid . '' 
 `` then be quick and find a place to hide . '' 
 i hear their footsteps-the one who hesitates must surely be father-but i ca n't look away from my task . 
 i give the lever one last twist and steel myself . 
 the hinges make a terrible sound as the great metal door slides back . 
 i do n't let myself look in the direction father and elliott have gone . 
 i wo n't give them away . 
 `` miss araby worth . '' 
 a chillingly cold voice calls from the bottom of the metal ladder . 
 `` what a pleasure . 
 now i can hand deliver your invitation . '' 
 chapter sixteen instead of malcontent with his cloaked henchmen , prospero stands at the bottom of the ladder , a red rose in the pocket of a heavy , well-made jacket . 
 he 's wearing both a mask and protective gloves . 
 he sees my surprise and laughs . 
 `` were you expecting someone else ? '' 
 `` you never come into the city . 
 especially not with the red death ... '' i 'm frozen at the hatch , staring down . 
 `` i wanted to see it one last time , '' he says softly . 
 `` come , join me . '' 
 i 'm caught . 
 i ca n't flee , or he will find elliott and father . 
 i 'll have to find some way to escape him before he leaves the city . 
 `` good , good , '' prospero says as i climb down . 
 `` this is so fortunate , because i 've already retrieved my niece from the debauchery club . 
 i know she wo n't want to attend the ball without you . '' 
 `` april ... '' my voice gives out . 
 i have to swallow before i can finish . 
 `` you have april ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he says . 
 `` have you ever known her to miss a party ? '' 
 `` how wonderful that you found us , '' i whisper . 
 `` we 've longed for a party . '' 
 but how will we keep april 's illness a secret so that he does n't kill her on the spot ? 
 it feels much farther going down the stairs than it did following elliott up . 
 we do n't stop until we reach the lobby . 
 though the room is still ornate , it seems tarnished now . 
 a doorman i do n't recognize bows to the prince . 
 outside , the moon is rising . 
 black carriages line the street , and two of prospero 's soldiers load crates and barrels into the steam carriage directly in front of the akkadian towers . 
 the windows up and down the street are dark . 
 even here , in the wealthiest section of the city , all but one of the streetlamps have gone dark . 
 several young girls stand in the last flickering pool of light . 
 they wear ornate dresses , their masks decorated with sequins . 
 one clutches her gold invitation between gloved fingers . 
 a young man carrying a violin case walks up . 
 he 's also holding his invitation . 
 they all climb into a carriage , prepared to be shipped away . 
 i search the line of carriages . 
 prospero could be lying about april . 
 but then something flutters out of a carriage window . 
 a glossy black feather . 
 and there 's a flash of blond hair before the curtain falls back into place . 
 april . 
 prospero puts his hand on my shoulder , and i jump . 
 as i watch , the carriages begin to move , carrying her farther away from safety and the hope that we 'll find her father and get a cure . 
 only prospero , me , and a handful of his guards are left on the street . 
 they are wearing black cloaks of the sort that malcontent 's men usually wear . 
 prospero waves , and one of the guards brings me a similar one . 
 `` all the better to blend in at night , '' he says . 
 `` my brother may be crazy , but he has a few good ideas . '' 
 his eyes flash once , and then he turns away . 
 three wizened guards join us . 
 they all have silver hair . 
 at least most of the young men seem to have defected to elliott 's side . 
 one guard has a jagged scar from his ear to his chin . 
 he is thin , and he wears a sword . 
 the other two guards are stocky . 
 one has eyes that are set too close together . 
 the other holds a musket and gives me a look so cold that he must know who i am . 
 and hate me for it . 
 i 'd swear i 've never seen any of them before , but the man with the sword reaches out to touch my hair . 
 `` i liked the purple better , '' he says . 
 `` we must move quickly , '' prospero says . 
 `` we 'll pay our respects to the dead , give my brother these '' - he holds up the keys i remember from the throne room , the ones to the pumping station that could help save the city - `` and then we 'll be on our way . '' 
 `` so you have given up on the city . '' 
 i try to put all the scorn i can into my voice . 
 `` it 's never been what i wanted , '' he says . 
 `` i tried , but your father ruined everything . '' 
 this man has always been at the center of the web . 
 he is even more to blame for all of the death and despair than my father . 
 i slip my hand into my pocket to feel the cold solidness of the gun . 
 i have one bullet left . 
 if i get the chance , i 'll kill him . 
 as prospero leads us across two wide avenues , the tip of my boot crushes part of a shattered mask . 
 we stop in front of the great cathedral . 
 it is miraculously intact , spared from fire and vandalism . 
 the stone is a costly white marble , and in the dim moonlight , it glows a little . 
 it is n't tall , not compared to the skyscrapers that surround it . 
 but it has a soaring quality , especially from where we are standing , under the great stained-glass window . 
 gargoyles peer down at us from the ornate window ledges . 
 `` our mother was to be buried here , '' prospero remarks . 
 `` our father offered a very generous donation . 
 but the priests said that the crypt was full . 
 father increased his offer , until the greedy priests agreed . 
 but they never did it . 
 they took the money and discarded her body because they were afraid to pry up any of the stones , terrified to open the vaults . 
 the warnings are carved throughout the building , in latin . 
 ` beware of the vault . ' 
 inside were heaps of unidentified bones , the victims of a plague . 
 the priests believed that a terrible illness would be unleashed on the city if they opened the tomb . '' 
 prospero steps across the threshold , touching the scrollwork beside the door with one gloved finger . 
 i follow him , searching the scrollwork for any such warning . 
 could the plague have originated in this cathedral , instead of in my father 's lab ? 
 prospero keeps talking . 
 he 's always loved the sound of his own voice , especially here , where even a whisper carries and echoes . 
 `` those priests were fools . 
 my brother and i tunneled into the vaults . 
 we found rings , jewels , and even a locket with a snippet of hair . 
 years later , i gave that locket to your father when i asked him to find a solution to our rat problem . 
 he was excited to study an ancient plague . '' 
 my heart sinks . 
 i should stop trying to find ways for father to escape the guilt . 
 it always comes back to him . 
 `` come inside . '' 
 prince prospero beckons from the cavernous darkness . 
 without meaning to , i have stopped on the threshold . 
 his cold eyes glint from the shadows , chilling me , though the night is unseasonably warm . 
 names are engraved in each of the flagstones beneath our feet . 
 stepping-stones , burial stones , there is no difference in an ancient church like this . 
 some are engraved with images too worn to decipher . 
 pieces of an enormous pipe organ lie abandoned and decaying . 
 a patch of night sky is visible where the roof has collapsed . 
 the prince murmurs something , and as i strain to make out his words , i hear something else . 
 the soft rustling of thousands of wings , shifting restlessly in the darkness of the eaves . 
 the cathedral is filled with bats . 
 enormous , bloated , disease-carrying bats . 
 prospero freezes , and his eyes move upward , ever so slowly . 
 is it possible that he did not know bats have taken up residence in abandoned churches throughout the city ? 
 even the smallest children know this . 
 by now the sky is fully dark . 
 the slightest sound could wake the bats . 
 i 'm afraid even to breathe . 
 but prospero walks to the front of the nave , easily a hundred paces from where i am standing , and kneels . 
 his men stand in the doorway , watching me , their weapons ready . 
 prospero puts both hands to the altar and presses until some sort of panel pops out-a wooden drawer . 
 he takes the keys from inside his vest , but before he places them inside , stone grates on stone , and one in the floor rises . 
 a figure in dark robes ascends silently from beneath it . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be here until tomorrow , '' prospero rasps . 
 the keys jingle , once , as he holds them above the secret compartment , as if unsure what to do with them . 
 and then all i hear is the whisper of restless wings . 
 chapter seventeen a single bat leaves the safety of the roof and swoops downward , and then everything is silent again . 
 malcontent lets his hood drop . 
 his hair is shot with white , and his eyes are bloodshot . 
 while prospero is cold , malcontent burns . 
 and yet ... there is a little of elliott in each of them . 
 `` how appropriate to meet you here , '' malcontent says , `` where your crimes began . '' 
 he steps away from the slab of limestone that must conceal a tunnel rather than a tomb . 
 two of his men follow . 
 `` elliott could do much to improve the city , '' prospero says to his brother . 
 `` i trust you will stop him . '' 
 in this moment , my loathing for both of these men eclipses all other feelings . 
 they are bent on destroying what 's left of the city , sabotaging everything elliott is trying to do . 
 `` it was good of you to agree to meet me tomorrow , here at mother 's empty tomb . '' 
 malcontent gives a quick laugh . 
 `` but my men said that you were obviously leaving tonight , and i wanted to see you once again . '' 
 he steps forward . 
 prospero 's men are still in the cathedral but have n't left the doorway . 
 they can still run if things continue to go poorly for the prince . 
 `` take him , '' malcontent says . 
 two of malcontent 's diseased men flank the prince . 
 the prince flails as one of the cloaked men reaches up and grabs his mask . 
 prospero freezes . 
 in the silence , the crunch as the mask hits the floor is shocking . 
 the other man , whose face is dripping with open sores , lunges at the prince , smearing the foul pus from his wounds onto prospero 's face . 
 the movements are practiced . 
 he 's done this before . 
 prospero 's scream echoes through the church . 
 the bats flap above us . 
 malcontent 's man lets him go , laughing , and prospero scuttles backward like a frightened crab . 
 he 's so close now that i could almost touch him . 
 the keys fall to the floor . 
 i measure the distance to the door while keeping an eye on the diseased man . 
 i do n't want to draw his attention , but if he makes the slightest move in my direction , i 'm ready to run . 
 malcontent sees me and gestures for me to join him . 
 just hours ago i 'd planned to give myself to him , but now april is on her way to the palace . 
 i have to stay with prospero , whether i like it or not . 
 a knife shines in the near-darkness . 
 from his undignified crouch on the floor , prospero throws the blade . 
 it nicks malcontent 's ear , but he keeps his chin high , even as blood drips down . 
 the knife hits a statue behind him and clatters to the ground . 
 above us , thousands of wings flutter . 
 `` is this ... the same knife ? '' 
 malcontent asks , retrieving the blade . 
 anger contorts his face . 
 he stares up , not at the bat-covered ceiling , but at the statues around the church , chanting something under his breath . 
 as he toys with the knife that prospero threw at him , i hear footsteps . 
 even more men are ascending from the tunnels . 
 our only hope is to get back to the waiting steam carriage . 
 prospero and malcontent are eyeing each other from across the room . 
 `` find the keys , '' malcontent says to his soldiers . 
 no one is paying any attention to me . 
 i reach into my pocket , so slowly that none of them notices . 
 the ivory handle of the gun is heavy in my hand . 
 i pull it from my pocket , aim toward the ceiling , close my eyes , and pull the trigger . 
 the sound explodes and , all at once , is joined by the screeching bats and the screams from the men as the crazed creatures descend . 
 i put up my other arm , to shield my hair as best i can , and run . 
 bats careen in every direction , swooping down and then back toward the ceiling . 
 someone knocks into me hard , and i fall . 
 something touches my hair , and i scream . 
 tiny pebbles rain down from above , along with bits of mortar . 
 i crawl across the floor , and my fingers find something cool and metallic . 
 the gold key ring . 
 everyone in the cathedral is fending off the swarm . 
 i 've lost track of prospero , and i do n't see malcontent . 
 i clutch the keys and crawl into a small chapel . 
 i ca n't hide the keys on my body-now that i 've revealed my gun , when one of them catches me , they 'll surely search me . 
 above , a gargoyle looks down from a ledge . 
 i aim and throw the key ring up . 
 it falls over the statue 's snout , then slides to lodge between it and the rough gray stone . 
 it will have to do . 
 and i got rid of the keys just in time , because prospero grabs me from behind and drags me out of the chapel and through a door that is so perfectly concealed in the stonework that i did n't see it before . 
 once we 're outside , he shoves me ahead of him toward the covered steam carriage that is waiting . 
 one of the large , gruff men heaves me into the carriage , and then prospero grabs my wrist and twists , hard , forcing me to drop the tiny gun and locking my right wrist into a restraint attached to the seat . 
 he kicks my ivory-handled pistol aside . 
 it does n't matter ; both bullets are gone . 
 `` give me your mask , '' he says . 
 he 's scrubbing at his face with a handkerchief , and his eyes water as he wets the cloth with wine from a bottle beside his seat and scrubs again . 
 `` but masks ca n't protect anyone except their original owners , '' i say , holding tight to my mask . 
 he yanks it from my face . 
 it 's too small on him , and he looks ludicrous , and as crazed as his brother . 
 he coughs , and even though it 's much too early for any signs of the weeping sickness to manifest , his eyes go wide with horror and he scrubs at his hands once again . 
 then he kicks at the empty gun again , mocking me and the weapon , though i saved his life with it . 
 `` elliott gave that to me , '' i say , wanting to see his response to his nephew 's name . 
 he scowls behind the mask , and then , in a voice filled with childish spite , he says , `` your mother does n't approve of him . '' 
 `` no , '' i agree . 
 `` she does n't . '' 
 `` she used to cry over elliott . 
 she did n't understand that torture is an art . 
 that i had to train him . '' 
 i shake my head , willing him to stop talking , but he does n't . 
 `` do you know how i convinced your mother to stop coddling him ? 
 i told her that it might be entertaining to replace him with a pair of twins . 
 everyone loves twins . 
 she never let elliott hide in her room after that . '' 
 not only is this his first smile since that diseased man rubbed infection into his face , this is the first time that i 've ever seen prospero 's smile reach his eyes they crinkle up in the corners . 
 i feel my hand balling into a fist . 
 i shift in my seat , as if trying to pull my knees into my body for comfort . 
 but my knife is in my boot . 
 if i can get it , i might be able to hurt him . 
 elliott warned me that it would be difficult to put a knife into someone , but i do n't think it will be so hard if that person is prospero . 
 and i did shoot a man for the first time today . 
 `` you killed my brother , '' i say . 
 he raises his eyebrows in mock hurt . 
 `` i sent the men who killed your brother , it 's true . 
 i did n't know finn was among the ill . 
 i would have preferred to have him alive . '' 
 he pours the wine left in the bottle into a goblet and drinks without offering me anything . 
 not that i would have accepted . 
 last time he gave me wine , it was laced with poison . 
 `` you must realize that i wanted both you and your brother , '' he goes on , as if he is trying to convince me of something . 
 `` but your spineless father said that if i touched either of you , i would die , bleeding from my pores . 
 your brother died while your father was eating at my table . 
 i do n't believe he has ever recovered from it . 
 and he 's never known the truth , has he ? 
 the way your brother suffered , as he died ? '' 
 father does n't know . 
 but i do . 
 i try to put all of my loathing into my eyes , but he wo n't really know how much i hate him until my blade meets his throat . 
 i listen for sounds of fighting or screams . 
 for an ambush . 
 surely elliott will send his men to try to stop the prince and all of these steam carriages . 
 but nothing happens ; no one attacks . 
 it 's just me and him , alone . 
 with my left hand i push the window covering aside , fully expecting him to reprimand me , but he is silent . 
 we 've left the lights of the city behind . 
 `` so this is the end , for you and the city , '' i say . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he watches me stare out the window . 
 `` it 's a shame your father ruined my plans by creating a disease that killed everyone , rich and poor , indiscriminately . 
 but at least i have saved a thousand of its shining citizens . 
 they 'll have the experience of a lifetime and be safe from the dying masses . '' 
 i have nothing left to say to this man , so we ride on in silence . 
 at some point he realizes that he 's lost the gold key ring . 
 i watch him searching his pockets , but he does n't mention what he 's looking for . 
 `` i thought you were giving them to malcontent , '' i say . 
 `` not after he tried to ambush me . 
 not after - '' he stops talking to wipe his face once again . 
 he ca n't speak of what that diseased man did to him . 
 he deserved it . 
 but he wo n't live long enough to die of the contagion . 
 `` so the keys go to something ... a device that can save the city from the swamp ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` my scientists claimed it would work . 
 i never tried it . '' 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 he smiles a toothy grin . 
 `` does malcontent know ? '' 
 `` my brother is too busy whipping his disease cult into a frenzy . 
 but he would know if he was paying attention . 
 i 'm surprised he and his acolytes have n't tripped over it . '' 
 the swamp . 
 the device is in the swamp . 
 the doctor who escaped from the dungeon said the other scientists were heading there . 
 but where ? 
 if only i had paid more attention , the times i 'd flown over or skirted around the swamp . 
 where would someone who wanted to hold back the swamp build a device ? 
 and then ... i think of the manor house . 
 the horror the family must have felt as the swamp approached their home . 
 and i remember how all the doors were locked . 
 that had to be it . 
 the device was hidden there . 
 now i know where the device is , and i know where the keys are . 
 and i 'm trapped in a carriage , headed to prospero 's stronghold . 
 when we pass out of the forest , the sun is rising . 
 a figure is standing on the bluff , looking down at prospero 's fortress . 
 i hope it 's someone who has come to fight , but neither will nor elliott could have gotten there before us . 
 could they ? 
 prospero 's eyes mock me . 
 `` you are n't the first prisoner in this carriage who wanted to kill me , '' he says . 
 `` none of the others have succeeded either . '' 
 `` why would i want to kill you ? '' 
 i ask , trying to emulate april 's sarcastic tone . 
 he ignores my words , but keeps his eyes trained on my mouth , exposed without my mask . 
 `` you know , i can cause you excruciating pain , '' he says conversationally . 
 `` i 've been through excruciating pain , '' i say . 
 he smiles , as if to suggest that he can prove me wrong . 
 that he will . 
 as we approach the palace , it is evident that this is where all the smiths in the city have gone . 
 huge iron gates surround the palace , taller than before , forming rings around the other fences and ultimately the fortress itself . 
 `` they sank the iron poles far into the ground , in case there are tunnels i do n't know about , '' prospero says . 
 `` and i flooded the dungeons . 
 no one will be visiting my ball without an invitation . '' 
 `` i hope you removed the prisoners . '' 
 i wish i could take the words back the moment i say them . 
 i keep giving him opportunities to show how frightening he is . 
 the fences and barricades are much too high to climb . 
 without the tunnels , how will i get april out of here ? 
 the prince toys with his silver cufflinks , in the same way that elliott does his . 
 `` i wonder which of your suitors will show up for my ball , '' he says . 
 `` elliott hates being left out . 
 and i gave william an invitation myself . '' 
 my heart misses a beat . 
 `` when ... did you see will ? '' 
 `` when i retrieved my niece from the debauchery club , of course . 
 i almost thought he might try to stop me . 
 he was prepared to fight , but he was outnumbered . '' 
 will . 
 i ca n't consider the possibility that he might come for us . 
 i do n't want prospero to see the hope in my eyes . 
 `` elliott wo n't come , '' i say , to distract myself . 
 and to distract prospero . 
 `` he has to save the city . '' 
 `` against his own father ? 
 do you really think he 's strong enough for that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i did try to teach him ruthlessness . '' 
 he pauses , and when i do n't respond , he continues . 
 `` surely you are a better prize than a dying city . '' 
 i fold my hands in my lap , trying to keep them still . 
 how difficult it would be to strangle a man with only one free hand ? 
 we pass the first gate , and i see the open flame of a smithy . 
 `` they are sealing it , '' he says , though i did not ask . 
 when the carriage pulls to a stop , it 's near a dead man hanging from the end of a noose , his body twisting against the inner fence . 
 `` what did he do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the prince climbs out , smiling . 
 `` he was overwhelmed by one of my parties . 
 frenzied . 
 he tried to leave . '' 
 servants and courtiers rush out , and one comes to unlock the manacle . 
 i ca n't help noting the clean and ornate clothing . 
 women wear floor-length silk dresses . 
 men wear brocade vests . 
 i search the crowd for april , though surely she is already in the palace . 
 her carriage left the city long before ours . 
 rubbing at the welt that the manacle left on my wrist , i follow the prince inside . 
 and that 's where i spot her , standing in the shadows with a white bandage plastered to her forehead . 
 so that 's how she 's hiding the contagion . 
 at least for now , by candlelight . 
 several courtiers stand near april , watching her suspiciously . 
 `` did something happen ? '' 
 i ask , gesturing to the bandage , hoping she has a story . 
 `` i was attacked . 
 you know how it is , in the city . '' 
 the listeners whisper to one another , seeming satisfied to be able to report that the prince 's niece was attacked by ruffians . 
 that the city is as violent as they 've heard . 
 we follow the prince 's entourage . 
 when he takes his seat , the room goes silent for half a second . 
 just long enough for me to hear a familiar tune . 
 somewhere in this great echoing fortress , my mother is playing piano . 
 and yet the piano in this room is empty . 
 i look around , at a loss , but april summons a servant who ushers me through the castle , past the rows of rusty old cannons , to the tower . 
 at the top i push past the servant into the room with the piano . 
 mother is wearing a light-blue dress with a lace collar . 
 she turns , and i watch the emotions cross her face . 
 relief . 
 shame . 
 she does n't stand , and we do n't embrace . 
 `` you 're alive , '' she says , and for a moment i think she 's going to fall from the piano bench . 
 `` thank god . 
 i hoped ... but the prince told me that the ship exploded . 
 i did n't know what to think . '' 
 so both of my parents believed that i was dead . 
 i look around the room at the textured wallpaper , the doilies that stand under oil lamps . 
 it is warm and inviting , until you see the bars on the window . 
 the piano dominates the room . 
 it 's how i knew this was her prison , when elliott inadvertently brought me here . 
 `` i missed your childhood and the last years of finn 's life in this room , '' she says . 
 the tone of her voice is neutral . 
 as if she is expecting me to judge her for being a captive here . 
 and i did for years . 
 i thought she chose to spend time with her rich friends instead of in the basement with finn and with me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` so sorry . '' 
 i collapse onto the rug at her feet , and she runs her hand gently over my hair . 
 she does n't even say anything about the unnatural color of it . 
 it 's been weeks since i 've seen her and years since i let her comfort me . 
 i ca n't remember when i last slept . 
 i know that i must find a way for april to escape and carry information to elliott . 
 and i must destroy this man who has ruined my family . 
 but for now i let her lead me to her bed and tuck me in . 
 as i drift off , her cool hand pushes the hair back from my forehead , and then she kisses my cheek . 
 a cacophony of hammering wakes me sometime later . 
 when i walk over to the window , it 's impossible not to remember how elliott put his hands on my shoulders last time i stood here , gently drawing my attention to various escape routes . 
 all of which now might be gone . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're awake , '' mother says from behind me . 
 `` you need to be fitted for your ball gown . '' 
 a woman is already in the sitting room , waiting with measuring tapes and pins . 
 the seamstress measures mother first , clicking her tongue and remarking that mother has lost weight . 
 and then she measures me , writing numbers in a small book . 
 `` the gowns will be ready tomorrow afternoon , '' the woman says , and then she 's gone and mother and i are alone , awkward and silent . 
 she has n't asked me about father yet . 
 does n't she want to know if he 's alive ? 
 does she care ? 
 or has the red death finally given her too much to forgive ? 
 `` i usually play in the afternoons , '' she tells me . 
 `` is that why he keeps you here , to play piano ? '' 
 i 'm not really sure what i 'm asking her , what i want to know . 
 but i feel the need to put her relationship with prospero in some perspective . 
 how did it happen ? 
 `` how did you meet him ? '' 
 `` i 've known him since we were children . 
 he likes having someone from that part of his life . 
 even then , he was driven , though not like ... now . '' 
 driven ? 
 is that the way to describe a megalomaniac ? 
 `` father is also driven , '' i suggest , trying to determine how she is defining the word . 
 `` yes . 
 both of the men in my life have been consumed by a higher purpose . '' 
 a higher purpose ? 
 they worked together to destroy the world . 
 she sees the disgust on my face , and for once she stands up for herself . 
 `` i did n't choose to be his hostage . 
 i 've tried to be his friend because it 's the only way i could help . 
 i kept him from hurting people when i could . 
 i stood beside him in the throne room and begged him to stop . 
 occasionally he listens . '' 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' i say . 
 `` it must have been terrible . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 you 're alive . 
 and we have to keep you that way . '' 
 i give her a quick hug . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whisper again . 
 `` come with me , '' she says . 
 `` i play for the young ladies who like to practice their dancing in the afternoons . 
 i do n't want to let you out of my sight . '' 
 i 've rejected her every time she 's acted motherly toward me since finn died . 
 i may not have many chances to make up for my cruelty . 
 so i follow her downstairs to a ballroom with a gilded ceiling , hoping that april will find me there . 
 dozens of girls glide about the room , not waiting for the music to begin . 
 mother sits at the piano , arranges her skirts , and begins to play . 
 beautiful dresses swirl this way and that . 
 i settle in a corner to watch . 
 one after another , the girls approach me to ask breathless questions . 
 have i come from the city ? 
 was it frightening ? 
 did i see anyone dying ? 
 did i see anyone with the red death ? 
 i answer honestly . 
 i have seen people dying , and it was terrifying . 
 one of the girls puts her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` at least you are here now , '' she says . 
 `` do n't even think about the outside world . 
 i pretend it does n't exist , '' says another . 
 `` it 's safe here . 
 we 're safe . '' 
 they grasp hands and start a dance that takes them in a circle . 
 what silly , deluded girls . 
 one of them glances out the window , then breaks away from the circle . 
 at her squeal , everyone else follows . 
 i join them warily . 
 what horror is the prince constructing now ? 
 `` a new arrival . '' 
 the girls are pressed against the glass . 
 `` he has to be the last , '' another girl says . 
 `` my mother told me there are already one thousand . 
 someone must have died . '' 
 `` or someone is going to die , '' another girl suggests . 
 the girls laugh nervously , but they do n't turn away from the window . 
 `` how are you safe , if this is what happens here ? '' 
 i ca n't help asking . 
 a blond girl frowns at me . 
 `` we 're safe as long as we do n't anger the prince , '' she says , as if i might be stupid . 
 `` or draw his attention . '' 
 and then they are peering down at the guest once more . 
 `` he is very handsome . '' 
 the wistfulness of the girl 's voice makes me think of how april and i used to admire will . 
 could he have come ? 
 i push my way through to the window . 
 the figure is on foot . 
 could will have walked all the way from the city ? 
 dark hair spills over the collar of the man 's coat . 
 but that 's all i can see . 
 mother has stopped playing . 
 she watches me from across the room . 
 `` he 's tall , '' one of the girls observes . 
 and then they are all talking at once . 
 i will him to look up and show his face , but he never does . 
 `` i 'd give anything to dance with a young man , '' the girl continues . 
 the others agree . 
 `` all the men our age have gone to the city , '' another tells me . 
 nervous excitement stirs in the pit of my stomach as the girls press in around me . 
 i was sure that i would know will anywhere , but now i 'm afraid that i 'm indulging in wishful thinking . 
 i should n't hope that it 's him . 
 i should n't want to see him as badly as i do . 
 i must be strong for mother and april . 
 i do n't need will to come and save me . 
 chapter eighteen the girls eventually go back to dancing , with mother playing the piano and smiling indulgently at them . 
 they swirl around the small ballroom , and april finds me in the corner . 
 her bandage is smaller today , a white square affixed to her forehead . 
 she 's arranged her hair to mostly hide it . 
 `` do you have a plan ? '' 
 she asks immediately . 
 `` an escape plan ? 
 they say that no one has left . 
 not since prospero put up the new gates and fences . '' 
 `` we have to find a way for you to leave , '' i say . 
 i glance around to see if anyone is listening , but all the girls are caught up in their dance , so i finish in a rush . 
 `` and you have to take a message to elliott for me . 
 you have to tell him that the pump is in the manor house . 
 he 'll know what you mean . '' 
 april blinks her blue eyes several times . 
 `` wait , are n't you coming with me ? 
 i need you , araby . '' 
 her voice quavers . 
 she 's been so brave . 
 but i ca n't go with her . 
 i put my hand on her arm . 
 `` we ca n't let the prince continue , '' i explain . 
 `` and if someone were to kill him , all the supplies stockpiled here would be free for elliott . '' 
 `` what makes you think you can kill the prince ? '' 
 april studies my face , frowning . 
 `` i 'm the one who has to do it . 
 we ca n't wait for elliott or will to rescue us , '' i tell her . 
 `` elliott is saving the city , and will ... '' i 'm not sure about will , so i do n't say anything more about him . 
 a clock strikes , and the courtiers flock through assorted doorways toward the throne room . 
 `` time for dinner , '' april says . 
 `` someone will die before the night is over , but unfortunately , i doubt it will be the prince . '' 
 a line of performers stands near the doorway of the dining room , juggling the porcelain heads of china dolls . 
 the stuffing hangs from some of them . 
 the performers do their juggling emotionlessly , not looking to the left or the right . 
 `` do n't distract them , araby . '' 
 april pulls me along . 
 `` if one of them drops a head , the prince puts the juggler 's head in a vise . 
 it 's ... terrible . '' 
 and that is what prospero wanted to do to elise . 
 he wanted to make her one of his performers . 
 in a little swan costume . 
 april and i sit across the room from the prince 's table , trying not to call attention to ourselves . 
 i search the faces at each table , looking for will . 
 i do n't see him or anyone who looks like him , but the room is crowded and i ca n't see everyone . 
 `` the masked ball is tomorrow night , '' april says . 
 `` they 've been holding nightly parties for weeks . 
 decadent , horrible parties . 
 but the real fun begins tomorrow . '' 
 she slumps for a moment , closing her eyes . 
 she should be in bed . 
 servants lead my mother across the room to the prince 's table . 
 she seats herself calmly . 
 `` you 'd think he would 've replaced her by now , '' april murmurs . 
 i 'm not sure how to respond to such an observation . 
 it never occurred to me before that if elliott knew my mother , then april must have too . 
 `` why did you never tell me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she raises her eyebrows . 
 `` that my mother was a hostage here ? '' 
 `` everyone is a hostage here . 
 i just knew that the lady who played the piano , and who my uncle occasionally smiled upon , turned out to be our neighbor . 
 i was pleased to learn that she had a daughter my age . '' 
 a group of entertainers are escorted into the dining room , and i notice how they cower when prospero turns his gaze their way . 
 he shakes his head , and they slink back to the shadows . 
 `` trained in the orphanages ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . 
 and even here , people have heard that we saved those girls . '' 
 `` news carries fast . '' 
 i 'm surprised that anyone here knows what we did in the city . 
 the prince turns to my mother , and she goes to the piano . 
 the song she plays is like nothing i 've ever heard before . 
 haunting and sad , but also defiant . 
 i feel like she 's speaking to me , like she 's trying to express everything that we 've never been able to say to each other . 
 the crowd is mesmerized . 
 finally she raises her hands and pushes back . 
 the prince stands , signaling that dinner is over . 
 while mother 's song still echoes in my head , he leads us to the throne room . 
 each beam that stretches across the ceiling of the hall is in the likeness of a reptile-mostly dragons , but some are snakes or even crocodiles . 
 i had n't noticed that during my previous visit . 
 the stained-glass windows are familiar , and the odd artifacts and objects of torture that lie on tables beneath . 
 prospero has gaslights throughout his palace , but for this room he 's chosen open flames , which give the chamber a primitive , frightening look . 
 the shadows are deeper and darker than ever . 
 april grabs my arm . 
 `` we should stay out of sight , '' she says . 
 `` elliott and i had hiding places when we used to live here . '' 
 `` show me . '' 
 but we 're in the tide of hundreds of bodies moving in the same direction . 
 we could n't turn and leave the room without drawing attention . 
 a lady in an enormous dress pushes between us , and april is gone . 
 my mother stands by prospero 's throne . 
 her face is white . 
 she makes a quick gesture at me , as if shooing me away . 
 beside mother , prospero is smiling . 
 i go cold all over . 
 but even as i turn , more people surge into the room , and the enormous wooden doors swing shut . 
 i 'm trapped . 
 everyone follows prospero 's gaze to me . 
 i back up until i 'm against the great wooden doors , but they grab me , herding me forward to a red x painted on the floor . 
 the crowd pulls back as a noose drops soundlessly from the ceiling . 
 before i can react , someone loops it over my head , cinching it around my throat . 
 i stand very still , trying to draw calm breaths , but ca n't quite fill my lungs . 
 my knife is still in my boot , but how can i get to it ? 
 and then the noose begins to rise . 
 `` i had some lovely children who could have danced for us tonight , but the scientist 's daughter robbed us of that pleasure , '' prospero says . 
 `` we shall see what sort of entertainment she can provide . '' 
 mother cries out . 
 i 'm on my toes , gagging , grasping at the rope . 
 i ca n't turn my head , but my eyes find her . 
 servants hold her back as she tries to run to me . 
 then she holds out her hand , offering it to the prince . 
 `` not her . '' 
 around me , the couriers murmur expectantly . 
 `` your maternal affection does you credit . '' 
 the prince smiles , and the servants release her . 
 tears course down her face . 
 a boy with a hammer is pushed onto the dais . 
 mother tousles his hair with her left hand . 
 her right rests on the arm of prospero 's throne . 
 and i know instantly what 's about to happen . 
 no ! 
 i ca n't get my fingers between the coarse rope and my throat , but i keep clawing at it . 
 `` mrs. worth has made her decision . 
 her daughter is more important than entertaining my guests . 
 she no longer needs the use of her hands . '' 
 the courtiers press forward . 
 mother considers them with cool disdain . 
 the boy raises the hammer and then looks to the prince , who nods . 
 i scream as the hammer slams down on mother 's hand , but it comes out more like a croak . 
 when the boy raises the hammer again , it is shaking so hard that i think he might drop it . 
 `` he 's new , '' someone whispers . 
 the boy brings the hammer down again . 
 i scream again , but my throat burns . 
 suddenly the noose slackens , and i fall to my knees . 
 a walking stick hits the floor beside me . 
 in the silence , the sound reverberates through the room . 
 elliott . 
 he came . 
 to save me . 
 gasping , i look up , tearing the rope away from my throat . 
 and it is n't elliott . 
 will stands among the courtiers , holding the thin , sharp blade that was hidden within the stick . 
 `` is this what passes for entertainment in your court ? '' 
 he asks . 
 his voice is calm , reasonable . 
 he holds out a hand for me , never taking his eyes off prospero . 
 i take it and stumble to my feet . 
 prospero smiles . 
 anyone with any sense would run . 
 but will is n't budging , and i doubt we would make it far anyway . 
 `` i 've heard so many stories about this wonderful place , filled with marvels , '' will says . 
 `` is this what impresses you , seeing a woman 's hand smashed with a hammer ? '' 
 the prince shakes his head slowly , as if we 've disappointed him in some way . 
 i stand so close to will , he must feel how violently i am trembling . 
 will finally looks over at me , and i see that he is as terrified i am . 
 in one smooth motion , he has us running toward a small door at the side of the room . 
 but we are n't fast enough . 
 someone hits will from behind , and he drops to one knee . 
 blood dribbles down the side of his face . 
 `` come on , '' i rasp , helping him back to his feet . 
 he pulls me close and swings out with his blade to clear our way . 
 but we only get a few more steps before someone hits him again . 
 i feel the impact this time too . 
 will wavers , but he raises elliott 's sword . 
 i pull the knife from my boot . 
 `` take him , '' the prince commands , and the crowd surges forward . 
 will thrusts and stabs a man in a purple velvet waistcoat . 
 blood pours out , splashing onto the floor tiles . 
 but the blade is stuck , and in these close quarters will ca n't yank it free . 
 i keep my knife low , slashing at anyone who gets too close , but then the guards are upon us , and they have guns . 
 prospero 's men ignore me as they throw will to the ground , chaining his hands behind his back . 
 our eyes meet for a moment . 
 i reach out , and then drop my hand to my side . 
 and then the guards drag him away . 
 the throne room is completely silent , and as i look into the faces of the courtiers , i see pity on a few . 
 i glare back . 
 some of these people purposely blocked our escape . 
 prospero shouts something about dancing , and then mother is beside me . 
 the crowd parts . 
 they are letting us go . 
 a servant leads us past the expressionless jugglers , out of the throne room . 
 once outside , the servant puts an arm around my mother and helps her up the spiral staircase to her tower room . 
 without saying a word to us , he locks us inside . 
 we stare at each other . 
 mother 's face is ashen , and i 'm still holding my knife . 
 prospero will pay for that oversight . 
 `` let me see your hand , '' i say , putting the knife down . 
 `` it will heal . '' 
 she hides her face . 
 as always , she wo n't let me see her pain . 
 `` mother ... '' i think it 's my broken voice that makes her turn back to me and place her hand in mine . 
 it 's soft , from hours of soaking in scented oils . 
 i probe it quickly , wincing when she does . 
 it is n't a formless mass , not like the clockmaker 's hand . 
 only one of the fingers is obviously broken , swollen over the others . 
 `` see if you can move it , '' i say , because that 's what father would ask when finn or i came to him with some injury . 
 she ca n't . 
 both mother and i jump at the sound of a key in the door . 
 it swings open , and a servant enters with a tea tray . 
 followed by april . 
 wordlessly , the servant puts down the tray and leaves . 
 i grab a delicate silver fork and one of mother 's silk scarves and use them to make a clumsy splint for mother 's finger . 
 father used to do this for neighborhood children . 
 before sending them off for a real doctor . 
 if will were here , he could help me . 
 if will were here ... i blink back tears . 
 who knows what prospero has done with him ? 
 the remains of mother 's silk scarf fall to the floor . 
 `` fix her mask , too , '' april says in a low voice . 
 mother 's mask has fallen askew . 
 i reach up , but she adjusts it with her left hand . 
 her eyes are dry , yet the way she sits , with defeat in every line of her body-i ca n't help imagining this is what it would have been like if she 'd been with me while i waited for finn to die . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' april says . 
 `` i heard someone whispering . 
 they could tell that i was diseased . 
 i had to get out of there before they realized who i am . 
 then everyone would know . '' 
 she drops into an armchair and looks up at me from under her lashes . 
 it 's a common pose for her , but her expression is not . 
 `` i think i may be dying . '' 
 `` no , '' i say , as if my denial can change anything . 
 `` but you need to lie down . '' 
 i reach out to her , unsure what to do . 
 frustrated that we 're trapped here . 
 i pick up the tea set and lead her into the bedroom . 
 `` have you come up with an escape plan ? '' 
 i ask , crumbling a tiny cake beneath my fingers . 
 the texture is so dry , i could n't possibly swallow it . 
 `` you have to get out of here . '' 
 `` perhaps someone will rescue us . '' 
 april smiles weakly . 
 `` will tried , '' i say . 
 `` and look how that turned out . '' 
 `` you and your mother got out of that room alive because of will . '' 
 `` do you think he 's alive ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she says it too quickly , and i think she must be lying to make me feel better until she adds , `` my uncle can keep people alive for a very long time . '' 
 i discard the rag i was using for her face , and wet another one for her shoulders and neck . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he 's always stayed in the shadows before , keeping himself and the children alive . '' 
 `` araby , '' april says , `` why do you think he 's done any of it ? 
 why do you think he went to the city ? 
 because he loves to walk around stinking piles of dead bodies and listen to elliott 's snide remarks ? 
 he loves you . '' 
 i squeeze the cloth hard , and water drips down onto the floor . 
 `` is n't it wonderful , being in love ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 it feels like the rope is back around my throat , cutting off my air supply . 
 and yet , to finally be sure , to know my feelings , even if they are desperate , even if i may never see him again-it 's terrible and wonderful at the same time . 
 `` i love him , '' i whisper . 
 `` love . '' 
 april spits the word out . 
 `` even if i live and by some miracle i 'm not hideous , all kent really wants is to take his airship and explore , to see what 's left of the rest of the world . 
 that 's why he built it . '' 
 `` kent ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do n't ask . 
 i ca n't explain it . 
 and it will never work . 
 i could never go with him , '' april continues . 
 `` even if we find a way to stop my illness , no one with the contagion can go exploring . '' 
 i take her hands . 
 `` we 'll find a way . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that everything does n't always work out in the end , '' april says . 
 `` not for everyone . 
 you 've just figured out that you love will . 
 so you 're going to break my brother 's heart . '' 
 a few weeks ago i might have argued that elliott does n't have a heart to break . 
 now we just sit in silence , waiting for the night to be over . 
 april drifts off , and i go check on mother . 
 she is sitting in her chair , with her eyes closed . 
 i 'm not sure if she has dozed off or not , but her mask is askew . 
 i reach over and adjust it , not wanting to take any chances now that april is with us . 
 she reaches for my hand . 
 despite the makeshift splint on her crushed finger , her hand feels like it always has . 
 cool . 
 loving . 
 hands that tucked me into bed at night and felt my brow when i was sick . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whisper . 
 she opens her eyes . 
 `` you do n't need to apologize , araby . '' 
 i kiss her forehead and then tiptoe back to the bedroom , where i stare at the ceiling as the gruesome images of the night replay in my head . 
 april lies beside me , and though she is quiet , i know she is n't sleeping either . 
 tomorrow is the masked ball . 
 tomorrow it all ends , one way or the other . 
 sometime in the earliest hours of morning , we hear screams . 
 the nights ' festivities are coming to an end . 
 chapter nineteen for hours once the sun is fully risen , the castle is silent . 
 guests are sleeping , or hiding , terrified by the revelries last night . 
 we 're given no breakfast , but taciturn servants deliver an afternoon meal . 
 april asks if she can visit her mother , but the request is ignored . 
 she shoves back from the table and stalks over to the barred window . 
 my bag was brought to the tower , along with the mask that prospero borrowed , so i pull out the little poetry book that father gave me . 
 tucked inside is the flyer accusing father of creating the contagion . 
 i hand the pamphlet to mother and watch as she reads . 
 her cheeks turn pink . 
 `` did he know - '' i start , but i ca n't bring myself to finish . 
 did he know it would kill people ? 
 would kill almost everyone ? 
 `` he had nightmares . 
 so many nightmares . 
 afterward ... '' she crumples the pamphlet in her fist , rips it , and lets the pieces fall to the floor . 
 `` there was a time when he actually hung a noose in our bedroom . 
 i begged him to stop , reminded him that you were still alive . '' 
 i dreaded hearing this from him , but it 's worse hearing it from her . 
 `` the guilt was crushing him , '' she whispers . 
 `` he never meant to hurt anyone . 
 that 's why he was so driven to create the masks . 
 and then finn - '' she stops at the sound of a key rasping in the lock . 
 i leap to my feet , but mother is seemingly frozen , and april remains at the window . 
 a troupe of maids sweep into the room with bundles of satin and bows . 
 i bend closer to mother 's ear . 
 `` what will they do to will ? 
 the one who saved me , last night , '' i ask in a low voice . 
 `` he did n't save you , araby , '' mother says . 
 `` there are two plagues raging through the city . 
 we 're trapped in this palace , and prospero has decided to use you for his entertainment . 
 he never changes his mind about such things . 
 none of us have been saved . '' 
 it is n't an answer . 
 she ca n't tell me that she thinks will must be injured or dead . 
 i refuse to believe that he 's dead . 
 the maids draw us apart and shake out the dresses . 
 april 's dress is silver , soft and flowing . 
 it reminds me of the one i wore from elliott 's closet , though this is satin rather than silk . 
 `` you are going to be beautiful , '' a tiny maid says to her . 
 even in this terrible place , there are kind people . 
 `` i already am , though this dress is nice . '' 
 april smiles . 
 but she is leaning against the wall and does n't move to touch or truly admire the dress . 
 i 'm afraid to show too much concern for her in front of the audience of maids . 
 still , i keep my eye trained on her when i can . 
 she is very pale . 
 next the girls unwrap a dress the same shade of blue as the strands of my hair . 
 it 's lovely . 
 i reach out to touch it , but they pull it away and usher us from our tower prison , down a hall and two sets of twisting stairways , to a series of interconnected rooms with bathing alcoves . 
 i look for a chance to break away , but guards flank us the entire time . 
 the room fills with steam and condensation builds up behind my mask , but i do n't take it off . 
 the maids begin to untangle my hair . 
 if they brush april 's , they will see that she 's been hiding the contagion . 
 even as i try to come up with a plan , they gather around her , exclaiming over the waves in her long blond hair . 
 one brings out curling tongs and begins piling her hair on top of her head . 
 `` no - '' i start to say . 
 `` leave it down . '' 
 april keeps her voice casual , throwing me a look . 
 i study their faces . 
 these girls are young ; they may have come from prospero 's orphanages . 
 and so they might be sympathetic to us . 
 even , possibly , to will . 
 i 'm not averse to using his striking looks to help get us out of danger . 
 `` you know what happened to me and my friend in the throne room last night , '' i begin . 
 they do n't answer , but they all look sidelong at me , and then at one another . 
 `` is he alive ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 one girl glances at the red marks around my throat . 
 as she rubs some sort of lotion into my hair , she leans close and whispers , `` he is in the cell under the prince 's private chambers . 
 it 's where he keeps the dangerous criminals . '' 
 one of the girls working on april 's hair gasps and drops the curling tongs . 
 she 's seen the contagion . 
 it was inevitable . 
 the girl adjusts her mask nervously . 
 `` if anyone sees this , '' she says fearfully , `` things will get ugly . 
 even if you are prospero 's niece . '' 
 `` we need to get her out , '' i say . 
 `` back to the city . 
 my friend , will-he could help . '' 
 `` there might be a way , '' the tiny maid who admired april 's dress says . 
 the other girls try to quiet her , but she waves them off . 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` if the prince kills them , then they 're dead , like everyone else . 
 but if not , they can take us all back to the city . 
 they can save us . '' 
 the other maids have all stepped away from april . 
 her hair shines . 
 it 's the shadows under her eyes that worry me . 
 and the oozing contagion . 
 `` tell me , '' the tiny one says to me . 
 `` did you really attack the orphanage and rescue all of the girls ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` we were all trained there . 
 we know what it 's like . 
 you saved those girls , even though you did n't have to . 
 even though you are the richest girls in the city . '' 
 `` it was the right thing to do . '' 
 i meet each girl 's eyes . 
 how far can this heroism take me ? 
 `` so can your father cure her ? '' 
 the small one gestures to the sore that mars april 's neck . 
 `` what about the red death ? '' 
 they are as frightened of the city and what 's outside the castle as everyone here . 
 but they may be more frightened by what is inside . 
 enough to trust me , the scientist 's daughter . 
 i ca n't explain to them that it is n't my father who has promised to help april . 
 that i have to get her to her own father . 
 `` if we get her away in time , yes , i think she can be cured . 
 and my father is working with april 's brother to find a cure for everyone . 
 i want to get her out tonight . 
 she and will must return to the city . '' 
 `` araby ? '' 
 april says in a whisper . 
 `` i do n't know if i can make it . '' 
 `` you have to , '' i say . 
 `` just a few more hours . '' 
 the maids help me into my dress . 
 mother reenters the room , followed by her own maids . 
 she eyes the scandalous way the dress clings to me . 
 the maids pull my hair back from my face and curl it , arranging a few strands to spill down my back . 
 one of the girls opens a box and presents a mask . 
 at first i think it 's the ornate one elliott shoved back into the drawer in my bedroom . 
 but then i realize that though it reaches over the eyes , disguising the wearer , it leaves the mouth terribly , dangerously , exposed . 
 the girls have painted my lips a shocking red . 
 the mask is adorned with sequins and feathers . 
 when i put it on , it complements my cheekbones , the contours of my face , while making my eyes look enormous and mysterious . 
 `` peacock feathers are unlucky , are n't they ? '' 
 mother asks . 
 i used to say that i was the lucky one , because i lived and finn died . 
 the rest of this night will prove whether that was true . 
 april dusts powder over my shoulders , making my skin glow . 
 `` it is n't so different from all the nights when we went to the debauchery club , '' she says , her voice falsely bright . 
 we both know how different this is . 
 we controlled our visits to the debauchery club , deciding when to arrive and when to leave . 
 our lives were never at stake . 
 the maids dress mother in a gown that is the opposite of mine , black with blue accents . 
 her mask also has peacock feathers . 
 she considers it with distaste . 
 the small maid leans close to me , applying eye makeup . 
 `` we can hide the prince 's niece , '' she whispers . 
 `` she must act like she is going to the ball , and we 'll take her to a hidden room . 
 couples sometimes use them , but not until much later . 
 what about your handsome friend ? '' 
 `` can you take me to him before the ball ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i know it is too much to ask , and her eyes go wide , but then she smiles . 
 `` do you have something to bribe the guards with ? '' 
 `` i have a diamond , '' i say . 
 `` but only one . 
 they will have to find some way to split the wealth . '' 
 elliott would be furious . 
 but i have nothing else to give . 
 she grips the seam of my beautiful dress and pulls . 
 the fabric separates , leaving a gaping hole . 
 `` her dress is ripped , '' she announces . 
 `` the seamstresses are all at work downstairs . 
 i 'll take her to see if one of them can mend it . '' 
 and then she 's pulling me through the corridor , down three flights of stairs , conferring with two more maids , and finally i 'm handing elliott 's ring to a guard . 
 the diamond flashes , and the men are suitably impressed . 
 `` through here , '' the guard says . 
 `` you 'll have to speak to him through the door . '' 
 the last time will and i spoke through bars , i was on the inside , and he was walking away from me . 
 this door is heavy oak , and the bars are so high that i can barely stand tall enough to see through them . 
 `` will ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` araby ? '' 
 his voice is full of disbelief . 
 all i can see in the darkness is the impression of his shape , his dark hair . 
 i sink to the floor and press my face against the door . 
 chains scrape across stone as he moves closer too . 
 `` we do n't have much time , '' i say . 
 `` when the ball begins , if someone lets you go , can you take april back to the city ? '' 
 `` i will take you anywhere . '' 
 `` not me , just april . '' 
 before he can ask questions or argue , i rush on . 
 `` i have ... unfinished business . 
 but i will join you later if i can . '' 
 `` do n't ask me to leave you . '' 
 his voice sounds harsh . 
 what if i ca n't talk him into going ? 
 `` april is dying . 
 you have to get her to malcontent . 
 i know it seems wrong , but he is the only one who can help her . 
 and then you have to tell elliott that the pump is in the manor house in the swamp . 
 please . '' 
 he does n't say anything for a long time . 
 `` you owe me , '' i say finally . 
 `` i 've been trying to repay-i 'm no elliott - '' `` i do n't want you to be elliott . 
 one of those is enough . '' 
 he laughs . 
 the sound of it makes me stronger . 
 `` and i do n't want elliott , '' i whisper . 
 again , he does n't say anything . 
 did he hear me ? 
 `` will ? '' 
 the tiny maid gestures that it is time to go . 
 `` will , please , '' i say . 
 i stand and press the half-empty vial from father through the bars . 
 `` drink this . '' 
 and then the girl is pulling me away . 
 `` the guard changes just after the ball begins , '' she whispers . 
 `` we can get him out then . '' 
 we leave the corridor to find a seamstress , who frowns at the rip in my dress but sews it up deftly and sends us on our way . 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 the maid asks once we are alone . 
 `` yes . '' 
 and if i survive the night , i will tell him so . 
 before i reach mother 's suite i pass an enormous mirror . 
 the back of my dress plunges indecently low and my wound is only partially healed , still red and puckered . 
 the rope burns from last night are red and inflamed , all around my throat . 
 there is no way to hide either . 
 somewhere in the house , a clock marks the hour . 
 the ball will begin soon . 
 the moment i enter mother 's sitting room , i know that something is wrong . 
 neither she nor april is there . 
 worried that the prince swept them away while i was gone , i hurry to check the bedchamber . 
 mother sits by the bed , holding april 's hand . 
 she looks up as i enter , but april does n't move . 
 she 's sprawled across the bed in her ball gown , all silver and gold , and the purple of her bruises . 
 mother holds my gaze . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 april is so still . 
 she is n't going to escape with will . 
 my father ca n't make her better , and neither can her own . 
 not now . 
 i shudder and , though mother reaches for me , i collapse to the floor and hide my face in the blankets . 
 `` araby , '' mother says in a broken whisper . 
 `` you do n't have your mask . 
 not the one to stop the contagion . '' 
 in my grief i do n't care , but she pulls me back . 
 i catch sight of myself in the mirror , my eyes wide and wild . 
 the wound pulses red around my throat . 
 i look back to april 's lifeless body . 
 `` she put on more eye makeup . '' 
 `` apparently what the maids did was n't ... dramatic enough . '' 
 mother takes a silk coverlet and pulls it over april . 
 `` the prince is planning to escort us to the ball . '' 
 the sadness in her voice has been replaced by fear . 
 everything crashes down on me . 
 the prince is coming . 
 but i wo n't let him have her , let him throw her away with the other victims of this terrible plague . 
 i 'll get through tonight , somehow . 
 i 'll manage to get april back to elliott , in her ball gown . 
 he 'll have her buried in some ornate grave . 
 he 'll commission a statue , something garish with weeping angels . 
 tears start at the corners of my eyes , but i do n't let myself cry . 
 `` we 'll tell him that april went to her mother , to show off her dress , '' mother says , and she guides me to the door . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i hurry to the bureau . 
 my hands are shaking as i open the drawer for my ivory-handled knife . 
 i realize , too late , that i have no boot to place it in . 
 my shoes are elegant slippers . 
 but i need it , so i take two of mother 's silk scarves and tie it , with shaking hands , to my thigh . 
 then i give one last look to april , hidden , shapeless beneath the blanket , before joining mother in the other room . 
 she shuts the door to the bedroom gently . 
 finally i 'm able to ask , `` did she suffer ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she said she wanted to lie down for a moment , she made a great show of arranging her hair so she would n't muss it . 
 and then it seemed she fell asleep . 
 i went to sit beside her , and realized she was n't breathing . 
 she just - '' `` i wish i had been here , '' i whisper . 
 mother , cradling her injured hand , looks away from me . 
 `` and i wish i had been there with you when finn died . '' 
 i have a feeling that at this moment , she will answer anything i ask . 
 `` why did father release the red death ? '' 
 i watch the emotions cross her face . 
 she drops her hands , and for a brief moment i think that i was wrong , that mother is going to treat me like a child . 
 lie . 
 suggest that father did n't do it . 
 but she does n't . 
 `` do you remember the night you and april went to the club ... you were wearing a long black dress , with a corset you had just dyed ? '' 
 i remember everything about that night . 
 will testing me , saying i should wear the silver eye makeup . 
 elliott following me through the women 's powder room , offering me his silver syringe . 
 `` april brought you home . 
 she had one of her servants carry you in . 
 for a moment , we thought that you were sick , or dead . 
 he 'd been trying so hard to protect you from the prince . 
 but he could n't protect you from yourself . 
 and he could n't stand that . 
 he could n't stand the world we lived in , and he blamed himself for everything . 
 including your misery and your pain . '' 
 `` he released the red death that night ? '' 
 `` that was when he began to talk of it again . 
 then , when you were gone , when everything went to hell , i think prospero called his bluff . 
 but he was n't bluffing . '' 
 my face feels stiff and frozen . 
 `` he asked me , after i returned , if i could be happy in this world . '' 
 `` and what did you say ? '' 
 she 's whispering now . 
 `` i did n't answer . '' 
 mother looks away from me , and i 'm ashamed . 
 why could n't i offer father something more ? 
 but no , i wo n't hold myself responsible for my father 's actions . 
 prospero was the one who used father to start the first contagion . 
 who killed my brother . 
 and then , instead of finding a cure , my gentle , loving father gave up on people . 
 on humanity . 
 on everything . 
 the door to our room is slightly ajar . 
 the maid did n't lock it when she brought me back from visiting will . 
 i could make a run for it now , could race down the corridor holding my gown up to my knees so that i do n't fall . 
 i could go back to will . 
 but mother is holding tight to my hand , and she is the only one who understands , at least a little . 
 she found me , holding finn 's hand . 
 and tonight she held april 's , even though april meant nothing to her . 
 i have to succeed tonight . 
 i saved those little girls . 
 i refuse to give up , to make the same horrible mistake my father did . 
 instead , i will change the course of our world . 
 `` maybe you can escape , '' i whisper . 
 i could send her to will , even without april . 
 `` it 's too late , '' mother says . 
 and she is right . 
 a shadow falls over the threshold , and there 's the prince . 
 he notices the open door , and his eyebrows go up . 
 `` i come bearing gifts , '' he says . 
 as if he never tried to hang me , or to crush my mother 's hand . 
 he 's carrying three boxes . 
 from one he extracts a circlet of glistening stones . 
 diamonds for my mother . 
 a fortune in one velvet-lined box . 
 i ca n't watch him fasten them at her throat . 
 i do n't want to see him touching her . 
 `` come here , miss araby worth , '' he says to me . 
 sapphires flash as he takes them from the box . 
 ostentatious oversized blue stones , surrounded by tiny , sharp diamonds that reflect every light in the room . 
 the prince seems to take pleasure in placing the gemstone collar directly over the rope burns at my throat . 
 i do n't give him the additional pleasure of seeing how it hurts . 
 his gift does not hide my injury . 
 if anything , the necklace accentuates it . 
 i want to tear it off and throw it away , but of course i do n't dare . 
 the prince knows how i feel . 
 he 's smiling , and i hate him . 
 he holds the third box for a moment . 
 i wait for him to ask where april is , but instead he says , `` it 's almost time . '' 
 and taps his fingers together in a gesture that is , perhaps , supposed to indicate glee . 
 `` my most lavish party , '' he adds . 
 `` i 've been planning this for years . 
 i hope you enjoy yourselves . '' 
 he reaches out to kiss my mother 's hand , lingering over her maimed finger . 
 my stomach lurches as his lips touch her skin , and he looks up to meet my eyes . 
 then two of his guards enter the room . 
 each of them takes one of mother 's arms , and they lead her away . 
 she gives me a reassuring smile as they practically drag her out . 
 `` when you locate my niece , bring her to me , '' he tells them as they are leaving . 
 and then his attention is focused completely on me . 
 `` i 'd like you to walk with me , '' he says . 
 `` because you and i are going to have a little fun . 
 do you like to play games ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 but of course it does n't matter . 
 he hands me a black satin bag lined with velvet . 
 it is held shut with a heavy silk cord that i can wrap around my wrist to hold . 
 `` the ball is held in seven interconnected rooms , '' he tells me . 
 `` in each room , i have hidden something that has a special significance to you . 
 if you can find what i have hidden , and place the items in this bag before the clock counts down the hours , then you win . '' 
 `` what do i win ? '' 
 my voice has never sounded so cold and uncaring . 
 not even in the moments when i tried to punish mother for all of the slights i imagined . 
 for leaving me alone , for finn 's death . 
 `` my prizes are always worth winning . '' 
 he puts one hand under my chin and raises it so my eyes meet his cold , dead ones . 
 i 've made a terrible mistake . 
 `` at the end of the game , if you 've succeeded , i 'll let you choose . 
 your mother , or your beau . 
 do n't worry . 
 if you leave her with me , i 'll take good care of her . 
 i wo n't promise the same for the boy . '' 
 my hatred for him chokes me . 
 did he know my plan ? 
 have the maids gotten will out , or could he still be a prisoner ? 
 `` i 'll play your game , '' i say through gritted teeth . 
 but i wo n't choose . 
 i wo n't have to , because somehow , before this night is over , i will kill him . 
 he puts out his arm , and reluctantly i take it , waiting for his answer . 
 as we glide through the corridor , courtiers move out of our way . 
 we pass mirror after mirror . 
 i refuse to look into any of them . 
 he smirks . 
 he never doubted that i would play . 
 i do n't want to see his gloating face , and i do n't want to see myself , not in this costume he created for me . 
 not when april will never wear a beautiful dress again . 
 instead i study the other guests in their finery . 
 how odd to see their mouths but not the expression around their eyes . 
 it 's the very opposite of everything i 'm used to , and i ca n't read anyone . 
 i am completely isolated in this throng of revelers . 
 and i 'm going to have to accomplish this task , his so-called game , alone . 
 `` how do you know seven things that are important to me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you barely know me . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` but i know your mother very well , and she loves you . 
 i 've been collecting information about you for some time . '' 
 `` then you should know that i do n't like games . '' 
 i did n't think , when i tied the knife to my leg , how impossible it would be to retrieve . 
 if i could get it , i would stab him right here . 
 i would slip the blade up under his ribs or into his gut like elliott showed me . 
 `` and you should know that i do n't care in the least what you like or do n't like , '' the prince answers , his eyes gleaming . 
 chapter twenty we follow satin dresses and jeweled masks to carved wooden doors standing open at the top of a staircase . 
 i hesitate only for a moment before i step over the threshold . 
 `` have fun , '' prospero says , and gestures for me to descend before disappearing into the crowd . 
 this place is dark and deep . 
 perhaps what elliott said about his uncle importing this castle stone by stone is true . 
 the walls are a blue deeper than my dress . 
 they feel like they might close in and crush me . 
 though the ceilings are high , my impression of the room is subterranean , as if we are in one of the dungeons , if prospero had n't flooded them . 
 a thumping drum passes for music , and people press in from every side . 
 one thousand guests were invited to this ball , and it seems like all of them are in this room . 
 dancers wear primitive masks and costumes . 
 i 'm not sure if they are guests or were just placed here to entertain . 
 i force a smile because , in this mask , everyone can see my mouth . 
 the sapphires at my throat are cool , but not cold enough to soothe the throb of the rope burns . 
 at least , in this room lit only by torches , the welts wo n't be so noticeable . 
 the doors at the top of the stairway slam shut . 
 no one else can enter . 
 drums throb . 
 faces are obscured . 
 a girl steps on my foot . 
 the pain is sharp , as if her slippers are adorned with spikes . 
 torch smoke burns my eyes . 
 i wish i understood prospero 's game . 
 what kinds of objects am i looking for ? 
 what might mother have told him about me ? 
 across the room , there 's a deep shadow between two torches . 
 since the room is mostly an open floor , those shadows are one of the only places that prospero could have hidden anything . 
 i force myself to move , following the light of the torches . 
 but the shadow is only a bare , rough wall . 
 i feel my way along the walls , bits of blue paint flaking off under my fingers . 
 this room is dark . 
 how am i supposed to find - the wall ends . 
 turning a corner , i come upon an alcove where dainty feet dangle before my eyes . 
 the maids who did my hair , who offered to help me , swing from nooses , limp . 
 i swallow hard . 
 they ca n't have been dead long . 
 about the same amount of time as april . 
 i whip around . 
 surely the prince is watching me , gloating at the horror he orchestrated , showing me that he learned my plan to free april and will . 
 he ca n't hurt april , but what might he have done to will ? 
 scanning the room for some evidence that he is watching , all i see around me are scantily dressed dancers , some writhing together on a raised dais while others whirl about the dance floor . 
 i force myself to look back . 
 i killed these girls . 
 i asked them for help , and somehow he found out . 
 the little one is in the center , her serviceable boots a bit higher than the rest . 
 i take two steps forward . 
 then a third . 
 a deep-blue ribbon is tied around her ankle . 
 something hangs from it . 
 two more steps , and i recognize it . 
 elliott 's silver syringe . 
 special significance . 
 mother did n't tell prospero about this . 
 she does n't know . 
 but there is no doubt that it 's meant for me . 
 and to take it , i am going to have to touch this poor dead girl . 
 i brace myself and stand on my toes , reaching up , fumbling , ashamed that i am allowing prospero to force me into this horrible game . 
 the syringe is cool in my hand . 
 i stare down at it , realizing that i have never held it before . 
 elliott always handled it as he injected oblivion into my veins . 
 the music stops . 
 as horrible as the pounding drum was , hearing the whisper of the dead girls ' petticoats in the sudden silence is worse . 
 i back out of the alcove and slip the syringe into the bag . 
 from someplace deep in the castle , a clock bell tolls . 
 the dancers blink . 
 someone bumps into me , and one of the sapphires on my choker tears into my throat . 
 hot droplets of blood fall down onto my dress , but instead of soaking into the heavy satin , they roll off , disappearing to the floor . 
 the clock thunders seven times . 
 then the drums pound , and the primal rhythm begins again . 
 i study the position of the torches . 
 another set , barely visible across the room , gives the same impression that the ones i 'm standing beneath did . 
 they 've been placed at intervals to create the illusion that something lies between them . 
 so perhaps the real door is not marked at all . 
 i look to where the shadows are the deepest , and after turning nearly in a complete circle and running my hands over the dark blue of the walls , i finally spot the doorway and pass through to the next room . 
 this room is lit by glowing gaslight bulbs in a huge chandelier that dangles low over the dancers ' heads . 
 the floor is mosaic tile , cool and elegant . 
 the walls are purple , trimmed with gold , adorned with antique portraits , ladies and gentlemen in tall wigs posing with unnaturally thin dogs . 
 some feature gentlemen riding horses . 
 in the corners of the room , ladies sip tea from china cups . 
 some have exposed legs ; others wear skirts that touch the floor , like those from before the contagion . 
 the doors here are not hidden ; in fact , there are too many . 
 dozens of white columns line the wall , and between each pair is another door . 
 all are propped halfway open . 
 i look for mirrors or some other sort of illusion ; this chamber can not be as large as it seems . 
 across the room , i see april 's mother . 
 i had n't expected to meet her here , and she 's the last person i want to see . 
 as i try to decipher where the prince might have hidden an object of significance , she spots me and comes forward . 
 the gold hair that both of her children have inherited is artfully arranged to hide the streaks of gray . 
 my breathing becomes quick and shallow . 
 i have to tell her . 
 i 'm going to have to look in her face and tell her . 
 but she does n't ask about april . 
 `` come . '' 
 she sweeps me across the room , out of the way of the revelers . 
 throughout the room , the guests are dancing , their ball gowns swirling around them . 
 `` we need to talk , you and i , '' she says , in a tone that suggests we have spoken more than a few words before tonight . 
 her tone is crisp . 
 when i would visit april , her mother always sounded overly friendly , as if she could n't believe anyone wanted to spend time with her daughter . 
 but she sounds different tonight . 
 it hits me that she 's speaking to me not as april 's friend , but as elliott 's ... whatever she believes i am to her son . 
 i need to get away from her , but she 's holding my arm tightly , and i do n't think it 's in my best interest to cause a scene . 
 she 's led me to the ladies with their china teacups and feathered fans . 
 they wear lacy white masks and pastel dresses , in contrast to my dark , bold one . 
 `` you have to help elliott , '' april 's mother says . 
 sharp blue eyes peer at me through her mask . 
 pink feathers caress her cheek . 
 `` he wo n't be able to kill his uncle , '' she says . 
 `` the man has power over him . 
 you have to find someone who can actually kill the prince . '' 
 `` elliott hates his uncle , '' i tell her . 
 i 've run my hands over the network of scars on his back . 
 i know a little of what prospero put him through . 
 `` he does . 
 but that does n't mean he can do what needs to be done . 
 when you were here before , the prince poisoned you , yes ? '' 
 when i nod , the sapphires at my throat jab again into the delicate skin . 
 `` you were alone in a carriage with prospero . 
 elliott was planning a rebellion . 
 did you never wonder why elliott did n't kill him then ? '' 
 i stare at her . 
 what is she suggesting ? 
 `` do you think that he did n't have a weapon , hidden somewhere ? 
 or did you doubt that elliott could kill a man with his bare hands ? 
 his uncle trained him very , very well . '' 
 `` i do n't doubt it , '' i whisper . 
 around us , ladies sip their tea to the sounds of stringed instruments from some hidden alcove . 
 everything in this place is hidden under layers of deception . 
 like this woman 's motives . 
 `` every day prince prospero is alive is a day that he will cause suffering . '' 
 `` i understand , '' i say . 
 and i agree with her . 
 `` elliott chose wisely in you . 
 share a drink with me before you got to the next room . '' 
 she heads for a table covered with silver goblets . 
 i have n't found whatever 's hidden in this room , but i ca n't stand to share a drink with this woman , when i know her daughter is dead and she does not . 
 i can return to this room after i 've found the other items . 
 people come and go . 
 but i realize that they are n't really leaving . 
 they waltz through one door and then back in through the next . 
 it 's a series of closed-in arches rather than passages to another room . 
 but to the left is a wall draped with purple hangings . 
 i 'm guessing that , as in the last room , the main door is obscured . 
 edging forward , i 'm about to brush one of the curtains aside when a guard blocks my way . 
 he smiles and pulls a vicious-looking knife from a sheath at his side . 
 so this is what happens if i try to move on without succeeding in my search . 
 i take a step , as if to challenge him , but the extent of his smile unnerves me , and finally i step back . 
 it 's prospero 's palace , after all . 
 he makes the rules . 
 april 's mother is watching me . 
 she raises her goblet in a mock toast . 
 it 's silver , like the one the prince used to poison me . 
 what does she know ? 
 as april 's mother sets her cup on the table , i see that a purple ribbon has been tied around the heavy stem of one of the goblets , and i lunge forward to take it . 
 inside is henry 's toy airship . 
 i spill it into my hand . 
 is this supposed to tell me that henry is in danger , that somehow the prince has found not only the treasured toy , but the child ? 
 i deny the sudden crippling fear . 
 henry and elise are safe . 
 it 's will i need to worry about . 
 as i drop the toy into the bag , april 's mother melts into the crowd . 
 and the gong of the clock sounds once again , clear , loud , and deep . 
 does it mark the hours , or my progress ? 
 it does n't seem long enough for an hour to have passed . 
 i square my shoulders and move on , ignoring the dozens of open doors . 
 instead i go back to the wall covered with purple silk curtains . 
 i push the first aside only to see bare stone , but the second one reveals a narrow passage . 
 it leads to a room that is completely green , from the tapestries on the walls to the ornaments on tables . 
 a woman steps into my path and says , `` at your age , you should be married . '' 
 when i dodge her , i end up on the dance floor , nearly colliding with a pair of revelers . 
 i stumble out of their way and look up to see a figure approaching me from across the room . 
 he looks no different than the other revelers in his dark suit and vest . 
 but the black mask accentuates his fair hair . 
 the first time i came to this terrible place , prince prospero said that at a masked ball , i might not even recognize his nephew . 
 but i know elliott . 
 he is all subtle grace and elegant menace . 
 elliott 's on my side . 
 he can help me through this maze . 
 help me find and kill prospero . 
 the green-tiled floor is filled with dancers . 
 but someone , somewhere , is watching me , recording my progress , and even as i allow elliott to take me into his arms , as one hand moves to my shoulder and the other to my waist , i know that whether elliott realizes it or not , this meeting is on prospero 's terms . 
 that i ca n't let myself be swept up in the relief of not being alone . 
 even in elliott 's arms , it 's still me against prospero . 
 we glide across the floor without speaking . 
 finally he says , `` if you see will , tell him i want that walking stick back . 
 it once belonged to the mayor of the city , and as such , was precious to me for a long time . 
 i thought it was all i had left of my fath - '' `` prospero has will and my mother . '' 
 i cut him off , his teasing tone not sitting well with me . 
 `` where 's april ? '' 
 i hate telling him like this , in the middle of all these people . 
 i reach up , putting my hand to the front of his well-cut coat . 
 and that 's when i see that a slender green ribbon has been affixed right above the pocket of his vest . 
 somehow prospero has pulled elliott in , hopefully unwittingly , and made him a part of his game . 
 at least now i do n't have to search this room . 
 what i need is right in front of me . 
 but first i have to tell him about his sister . 
 `` elliott , april is dead . '' 
 he misses a step . 
 and then another . 
 a pair of dancers collides with us , hard , and i 'm knocked out of elliott 's arms . 
 he stands there stunned , and guilty , and altogether too young for the amount of responsibility he has taken on . 
 the couple who crashed into us find their rhythm and glide past . 
 elliott closes his eyes briefly . 
 when he opens them , they are bright with unshed tears . 
 he does n't ask for details , and for that i am thankful . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i came for food , '' he says . 
 `` and weapons . 
 thousands of people sought out my protection . 
 with what prospero has here , i can care for them . '' 
 despite everything , he could make a good ruler . 
 `` and to look for you , '' he says , but he says it dispassionately . 
 as if i am something he misplaced . 
 `` after you rescued those girls , the city was abuzz with rumors about the scientist 's daughter . 
 i need you , at least until i 've shored up my support . '' 
 now the emotion is in his voice . 
 a sort of longing that makes my heart ache . 
 because it is n't for me . 
 not anymore . 
 our feelings are so twisted and confused . 
 we do n't love each other , not in the way that begets complete trust and sacrifice . 
 not the way i need to be loved . 
 elliott wants to use me . 
 april once told me that elliott liked poetry better than women . 
 she should have said power . 
 but i promised to be by his side . 
 `` i will always help you , however i can , '' i whisper , inching my hand from where i was holding his forearm , toward the pocket and the green ribbon . 
 `` how did you get in ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` did prospero send men after you that night in the tower ? '' 
 `` no , your father and i escaped that night . 
 i took the clockmaker 's invitation . '' 
 did he kill the clockmaker ? 
 the horrible suspicion makes me stumble , though elliott catches me . 
 i do n't meet his eyes . 
 he 's ruthless . 
 i am trying to be . 
 in the end , maybe we will be the same , but i 'm not there yet . 
 `` i told you not to trust me , '' he says , and smiles . 
 it does n't reach his eyes . 
 and i do n't trust him . 
 whether he 's telling the truth or not , he 's not here without prospero 's knowledge . 
 i thrust my hand into his pocket and pull out the ribbon . 
 elliott jerks away , releasing his hold on my arms . 
 i trip over my feet and fall to the floor , a heap of skirts , and stare at what is lying in the palm of my hand . 
 i 've never seen it before in my life . 
 it 's a small gold pocket watch . 
 i press the release , and it springs open . 
 inside , there 's an inscription : to finn . 
 happy birthday . 
 love , papa . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the distant clock tolls . 
 for a few moments everyone on the dance floor freezes . 
 listening ? 
 waiting ? 
 elliott extends a hand to pull me to my feet , but i wave it away . 
 on the floor , i finally have a chance to untie my dagger . 
 removing it from beneath the midnight-blue skirts , i slide it , along with the small gold watch , into the black satin bag . 
 then i climb to my feet without his help . 
 `` i am sorry , '' i say . 
 apologizing for having to tell him about april . 
 for not loving him . 
 for the death of whatever might have been between us . 
 he puts his hand under my chin and raises it . 
 `` do n't be sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't afford distractions , not now . 
 not even pretty ones . '' 
 the music ends . 
 in a ripple of movement , people begin to bow . 
 the prince has mounted a dais in the center of the room . 
 the musicians stare at him in apparent surprise . 
 the clock strikes once , a different peal than the one i 've heard before . 
 deafening . 
 the lights flicker , and a woman screams . 
 even the prince is completely still . 
 and i am alone . 
 elliott is gone . 
 while i was watching prospero , elliott abandoned me . 
 without telling me how finn 's watch ended up in his pocket . 
 chapter twenty-one my knife is within reach , and so is the prince . 
 i edge closer to the dais . 
 now that the shock of the clock striking has worn off , people are moving again . 
 the prince claps his hands and tumblers flip into the room , pushing the guests back to the walls . 
 my eyes are still trained on prospero , but then a man grabs me , and holds me in place , just for a moment . 
 it 's long enough for the prince to disappear . 
 to force me to continue the game . 
 i find a door at the back of the room leading to two staircases . 
 one goes up , and the other down . 
 which to choose ? 
 in the end , surely they will all lead me back to wherever prospero wants me to go . 
 holding the black bag , and my knife , close , i go up and through an arched entryway into a room that hurts my eyes . 
 everything burns orange . 
 contortionists do tricks on a brightly lit stage , and servants in orange dresses circulate with drinks . 
 guests kiss in the corners . 
 and on low divans , and on the dance floor . 
 my face burning , i thread my way though . 
 a servant hands me a chilled beverage , but instead of drinking , i rub the cool glass across my forehead . 
 this room is very hot . 
 dozens of shiny objects have been suspended from the ceiling on nearly transparent strings , so they appear to be floating . 
 a diamond catches the light and flashes . 
 i ca n't escape from elliott 's ring . 
 as many times as i 've traded it or given it away , it always returns . 
 this time with a finger inside . 
 it hangs from the ceiling , shimmering . 
 the nail bed of the severed finger is covered with dried blood . 
 i try not to imagine how it got that way , whose finger it was . 
 i slide the ring from the finger and drop it into my black purse . 
 and then , before the gong can sound , i stumble out of the room , into a long corridor . 
 no one interferes or follows . 
 my footsteps echo . 
 it 's mostly empty and drab after the decadence of the room behind me . 
 could i have left the path i was meant to follow ? 
 but no , signs have been scrawled above each door of the corridor . 
 elliott 's eye symbol . 
 the red scythe . 
 i stop before a door covered with mathematical equations . 
 it reminds me of father 's incessant scribbling , and of solid , dependable kent . 
 i have something that reminds me of elliott , of finn , of will , and of the debauchery club . 
 could the next be something of my father 's ? 
 i choose the equation door , but have no idea if it 's the right decision . 
 behind it is a quiet room , not a lavish ball . 
 as i look around the room , i realize that it feels familiar . 
 it is almost the same as our sitting room in the akkadian towers . 
 i tiptoe closer to the white curtains . 
 behind them is a garden nearly identical to ours except for a stunted sycamore tree in the center . 
 leaning against its trunk is a figure dressed in black robes . 
 a mask streaked with red tears covers his entire face . 
 he is holding a scythe . 
 if prospero had captured reverend malcontent , why would he place him in this garden , instead of using him as part of his gruesome entertainment ? 
 but then the figure reaches up to adjust his mask , and i know his hands . 
 the same hands that held me during the parade , that soothed me , that gave me sleeping drafts night after endless night . 
 i fear death like everyone else , but this is only my father . 
 and then he sees me . 
 he raises his hand , as if to ask me what i am doing here . 
 covered in dark robes , he picks his way to the glass door that separates us . 
 on my side , it is in an alcove , mimicking the closet elliott took me through in penthouse a . 
 the door of the garden slides open . 
 `` araby , '' he says , putting a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` father . '' 
 i throw my arms around him . 
 `` not too close , '' he says . 
 but still , he pulls me into him , crushing me against his chest . 
 `` find your mother and get out of here , as far away as you can . '' 
 i do n't have to ask why he 's here . 
 with his disguise , with everything the prince has done to our family , father is here for revenge . 
 and he deserves his vengeance . 
 but i traded my safety for his . 
 `` you need to go back to the city , '' i say . 
 `` the prince would love to kill you . '' 
 `` my life is n't worth anything , '' he says . 
 `` it is to me , '' i say , `` and to mother . 
 please . 
 you go . 
 i can kill the prince , but you 're the only one who can help the people dying in the city . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he says . 
 `` so very sorry . '' 
 there is so much regret in his voice that i think he 's apologizing for all the deaths , for finn . 
 the atrocities i 've been waiting for him to atone for . 
 `` i ca n't let you do this . 
 i should never have let you trade your safety for mine . 
 if you die , then i have nothing to live for . '' 
 he pushes me into the garden and slams the door . 
 i hear the deadbolt slide home . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i throw myself at the window . 
 father turns away , dramatic in his costume . 
 i pound the glass with my fists and scream for him to let me out , but he does n't even look back . 
 chapter twenty-two i do n't waste a moment . 
 if this garden is a replica of the one in the akkadian towers , then there must be a trapdoor leading out . 
 father did n't cover his tracks ; he did n't expect to be locking me inside . 
 i can see where the earth is disturbed , and i feel something metallic beneath my heels . 
 the trapdoor . 
 as i kneel , frantic to clear it , i see something else in the dirt . 
 father 's glasses , tied with a white ribbon . 
 the ones the man in the alley gave me to convince me that father was dead . 
 did prospero go through my room at the debauchery club ? 
 and does prospero know father 's here , or is this simply a twisted reminder of the hero i thought my father was ? 
 clearing the hatch is messy but not difficult . 
 as i work , the clock strikes again . 
 i pry the door open and peer into the smoky darkness . 
 this opening has no ladder . 
 the room below does not seem to be a closet like the one in the akkadian tower , but part of a larger chamber . 
 voices and laughter float up . 
 i swing down , wincing at the pain in my bad shoulder . 
 my dress makes a horrible tearing sound as i fall to the floor with a thump . 
 i 'm in a long antechamber . 
 at the end of the room is an archway . 
 people stand beneath it , their eyes pass over me , but none of them seem surprised that i 've appeared through a hole in the ceiling . 
 i take a deep breath but choke before i 've fully inhaled . 
 directly in front of me , a man lights a pipe . 
 the smoke that billows around him is more than any one pipe could produce . 
 the walls of this new room are covered with lavender silk . 
 the lights are low and purplish , streaming through windows with leaded violet panes . 
 low couches line the walls , and people recline upon them , laughing quietly . 
 the conversation here is intimate , sedate . 
 on a low table is an assortment of implements . 
 syringes , pipes . 
 gauzy curtains caress my face . 
 `` this is the good stuff , '' a girl murmurs . 
 `` it 's been in the prince 's storehouse for years . 
 they say it gets better with age . '' 
 a dark-haired boy leans close to me . 
 his hair is tousled like will 's . 
 i wish , fleetingly , i could go back to the time when i was merely a patron of the debauchery club , waiting breathlessly for will to flirt with me . 
 that april could be beside me , laughing at my awkwardness whenever he appeared . 
 `` i have what you want , '' the boy says , trying to entice me . 
 but it 's not will 's voice , and it 's easy to say no . 
 among the pipes and the vials on the table is a small brush with a painted handle . 
 it 's beside a small jar of sparkly silver eye shadow . 
 april 's eye shadow . 
 she used it just hours ago . 
 i grab both and drop them into the bag , pulling the drawstring tight . 
 i leave behind these people , lost in oblivion , as the gong sounds once more . 
 six objects . 
 the game is nearly over . 
 and then i 'll have to choose . 
 not between will 's safety and my mother 's . 
 i wo n't accept that . 
 i 'll have to choose how to kill the prince . 
 unless my father gets to him first . 
 the room that i 've stepped into is completely white . 
 the music is sedate , but after the silence of the last room , it seems loud . 
 musicians play sitars and violins . 
 i imagine that the girl from the debauchery club might be here , singing about suicide . 
 the dances in this room are informal , people swaying to the music , too close for propriety . 
 mother would not approve . 
 will-the real will-is standing across the room . 
 my heart stops . 
 and when it starts up again , it hurts . 
 it beats wildly . 
 he 's wearing a formal jacket , velvet with brocade trim , but underneath , it 's the same sort of thing he wore when he was examining us at the club-a fitted shirt , dark pants . 
 no vest or other fashionable additions . 
 he 's scanning the room , the dancers . 
 he 's looking for me . 
 he sees me before i reach him , and i stop a few paces away , too overcome with relief . 
 too confused to speak . 
 he 's wearing the same dark mask as all the other men , but on him it is entrancing . 
 i look at his mouth , exposed as it is . 
 and then it 's impossible to focus on anything else . 
 we 've only stood here for a moment , but it feels so long that i 've begun to believe that he is never going to touch me again . 
 finally he puts his hands on my shoulders and draws me in . 
 his thumb caresses the base of my throat , carefully avoiding the rope burns . 
 our masks bump together , and one of the peacock feathers drifts slowly to the floor . 
 but the moment is interrupted as the horrible clock toll pulses through the room , shaking the walls and the floor with a peal that is louder and longer than any before . 
 the crowd surges , pushing us back toward the bare white walls . 
 `` it 's the prince , '' someone says . 
 `` a madman is chasing him . '' 
 i have to stand on tiptoes to see anything , but indeed , the prince is running through the room . 
 his mask is askew , and his eyes dart this way and that . 
 a figure in dark robes and a mask that covers his face follows . 
 he carries a scythe in his hand . 
 he moves like he 's stalking prey , slowly , methodically . 
 the revelers are crying , falling to the floor , scrambling over one another to get away from father and his blood-streaked mask . 
 `` who let him in ? '' 
 i hear a man scream . 
 `` the red death , '' a woman moans . 
 `` do n't let them out of your sight , '' i tell will . 
 pushing myself away from the wall , i force my way through the hysteria , pulling will along . 
 we hold hands even while pursuing death . 
 my hand fits so perfectly in his . 
 before we reach father , guards pour in from every direction . 
 everyone freezes , from the half-dressed revelers to the contortionists in their unnatural positions . 
 the guards surround the prince . 
 but father has disappeared . 
 i eye the soldiers . 
 before will and i can proceed , elliott enters the room . 
 he halts just inside the doorway , but his jaw clenches below the line of his mask , and i know he sees me . 
 with will . 
 `` take the prince , '' he says to his men , without taking his eyes from me . 
 `` araby , prospero is up to something . '' 
 at will 's warning , i look to the prince , who raises his arms and then drops them dramatically . 
 debris begins to rain from the ceiling . 
 at first it 's simply confetti , but then orange marbles pour down . 
 the sound is like raindrops , and when the marbles hit , they sting . 
 courtiers trip as they run for the door , trying to shield their faces . 
 some scream as sharp glass slivers begin to fall . 
 `` i want him alive , '' elliott calls , lunging into the crowd . 
 his fair hair shines in the candlelight . 
 i put my hand on will 's arm , allowing elliott to pass us . 
 the doorway he 's headed for is one that i explored earlier . 
 and prospero is long gone . 
 like the first two rooms of the ball , the shadows behind the stage hold a less obvious door . 
 we have to fight the crowd running the other way , but eventually i drag will into a black corridor . 
 only steps from us , two guards are pushing father , in his deathly black robes , against the wall . 
 `` dr. phineas worth , you are under arrest . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i hurl myself at them . 
 one of the guards shakes his head . 
 `` we have our orders . 
 step away , miss worth . 
 your father is a murderer . '' 
 but neither one touches me . 
 they probably still think that elliott and i ... will tries to break in , but the guard blocks him . 
 while they are distracted , i throw my arms around father . 
 he strips off the dark robes and mask and presses them to me . 
 `` do what has to be done . '' 
 the guards pull us apart , but they do n't take the robes away . 
 cradling the bundle , i feel something in the pocket . 
 my heart constricts . 
 i look to father as the soldiers shove him toward the violet room . 
 he nods . 
 when they are gone , i reach into the pocket and pull out a glass vial . 
 holding it to the light , it looks empty , but i know something horrible lurks inside . 
 not only is there a cork stopper , but it has been sealed with wax . 
 will draws a sharp breath . 
 `` are you going to try to stop me ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 because i know he has strong opinions about murder and death . 
 about right and wrong . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` but i 'm going with you . '' 
 i could n't ask for anything more than that . 
 i drop the robes and the mask of the red death . 
 clenching the vial in my fist , i lead will through another door . 
 and now we have reached the center of prospero 's labyrinth . 
 the walls , the floors , the ceiling , all black . 
 everything except the windows-those are a horrible bloody crimson . 
 this room is smaller than the others , and already crowded with courtiers fleeing my father and elliott 's guards . 
 we move through the press , pushing when we have to . 
 like the outer room , everything in this room is black , from the wood floor to the wall panels . 
 manacles line the walls . 
 instruments of torture . 
 and the clock looms over everything , ebony , tall , menacing . 
 prospero cowers in the shadow of the great clock . 
 no one recognizes him , because these people have never seen him cower . 
 they do n't expect the pathetic , trembling man with tears streaming down his face to be their cruel , sardonic prince . 
 elliott warned me how difficult it would be to kill someone . 
 even this man who deserves it more than anyone . 
 prospero and i stare at each other . 
 `` elliott is coming . '' 
 will puts his hand on my wrist . 
 the movement reminds me of the black velvet bag that is hanging there . 
 of prospero 's mockery of decency and love . 
 his destruction of my own family , and so many others . 
 i consider dumping the contents over the prince 's head , but these items are too precious to me . 
 `` tell everyone to get out , '' i say to will . 
 `` clear the room . '' 
 will does n't hesitate . 
 `` move ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` out of the room , get out , or face certain death . '' 
 most flee , but some wait , expecting some sort of show . 
 they 've been at prospero 's court too long . 
 taking the final steps across the room , i break the wax seal with my fingernail . 
 i stop when the toe of my shoe touches prospero 's silk jacket . 
 he pulls his arm away , still hunched in the shadow of the clock . 
 i scrape at the cork to coax it out of the vial , but it breaks off , too far down in the vial to get at . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 elliott is behind me now . 
 i look back for a moment , and our eyes meet across the black room . 
 he wo n't forgive me for taking his revenge from him . 
 i throw the vial to the floor . 
 it shatters at the prince 's feet . 
 the clock begins its thunderous peals , and prospero 's mask hits the floor with a crack . 
 he climbs to his feet and stretches out to me , but i just shake my head . 
 a single red tear rolls down his face . 
 elliott 's men flood the room even as he collapses . 
 prince prospero is dead . 
 the sun rises , blazing through the red windows . 
 the glass shards sparkling against the wood floor are far more beautiful than the diamonds prospero fastened at my mother 's throat . 
 and then someone knocks my feet out from under me , and i hear the word `` murderer ! '' 
 leveled at me as i hit the floor . 
 chapter twenty-three elliott 's shadow falls over me , and i look up at him over his uncle 's body . 
 he 's looking at prospero , his face stricken . 
 two guards take my arms , but even as i find my footing , one of the guards begins to convulse . 
 red tears streak his face . 
 `` i told everyone to clear the room , '' will says from somewhere behind me . 
 `` she killed the prince , '' the other guard insists . 
 `` elliott ordered that he be taken alive . '' 
 elliott silences him . 
 `` araby worth has always worked for me . 
 she killed the prince at my command . '' 
 he pulls me up and leans in to my ear . 
 `` i still need my execution , '' he whispers . 
 `` but do n't worry , i have a prisoner who will do . '' 
 father . 
 the shock hits me like a blow . 
 i see the truth written on his face , which is so close to mine that we could be about to kiss . 
 elliott lets me go . 
 will catches me , giving me a moment to find my strength . 
 `` we should get out of this room , '' i say , taking will 's hand so he knows i can stand now . 
 `` we do n't know ... how well protected we are . '' 
 will just emptied his vial this afternoon , and i 'm unsure how long it takes for the antidote to enter his system . 
 `` the party is over , '' elliott calls . 
 `` everyone should return to the city . '' 
 our camaraderie , whatever held our small band together over the past weeks , is gone . 
 `` you should find your mother , '' elliott says . 
 i do n't look back at him or at prospero 's corpse as i guide will out of the room . 
 `` it 's over , '' he says . 
 i do n't feel any triumph . 
 april is dead . 
 elliott hates me . 
 my father is a prisoner . 
 i just killed prince prospero , and all i want to do is collapse to the floor and weep . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` pick up the pieces , '' will says . 
 `` right now we find your mother . 
 tomorrow we hire some sort of lawyer to defend your father . '' 
 `` are there any lawyers left ? '' 
 we step out into the corridor and come face-to-face with a group of revelers . 
 `` the party is over , '' wills tells them , echoing elliott . 
 they stare at us , stunned , as we brush by . 
 `` at least we got fancy new clothes from the experience . '' 
 will adjusts the lapel of his jacket . 
 but , as usual , my dress is in tatters . 
 i stop to rip off a bit of blue fabric that drags the floor . 
 will leans close . 
 `` it looks good on you that way . '' 
 i look up at him . 
 when he kisses me , every nerve in my body tingles . 
 my toes curl up , and my heart pounds . 
 prospero is dead , and we are alive . 
 we find my mother sitting alone in the white room , staring at the wall . 
 when i call to her , she stands . 
 `` so it 's over , '' she says . 
 `` and you killed him . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i do n't know what else to say . 
 will puts his arm around me . 
 `` we need to get to the roof . 
 if elliott is here , then kent must have brought him . '' 
 `` do you know the way ? '' 
 i ask mother . 
 she leads us silently . 
 we pass through two mostly empty rooms , up a flight of stairs . 
 as we go , she takes in will 's tattoos , our linked hands . 
 but she says nothing , and her face remains expressionless . 
 i think maybe she 's in shock . 
 on the roof , the wind whips my hair back and forth . 
 it 's midmorning now , and the sun burns my eyes . 
 kent smiles when he sees us , but it fades when he notes that april is n't with us . 
 the ship is beautiful . 
 the great balloon floats above the roof , and the wooden deck gleams under the feet of the two children who spill out of the cabin as soon as we appear , leaping onto will , hugging him , hugging me . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 my mother asks . 
 it 's the first time she 's spoken since we left the party . 
 henry turns to her and solemnly holds out his hand . 
 my mother leans down and shakes it . 
 `` i 'm henry , '' he says . 
 `` and that 's elise . '' 
 `` why are you wearing those masks ? '' 
 elise asks . 
 `` are you in disguise ? '' 
 `` does it look silly ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 i put my hand to my velvet mask . 
 one last peacock feather remains . 
 i pull the mask from my face , and she takes it from my hand and peers through the eyes , holding it over her white protective mask . 
 `` no , you looked magical , '' elise says . 
 `` where is april ? '' 
 kent comes across the deck of the ship . 
 the girl mina is behind him , her face filled with concern . 
 `` she 's dead , '' i say , because april would be annoyed if i dragged it out . 
 she would n't want me to be coy . 
 she would want shock and drama and weeping . 
 `` i had a plan to get her out , but the contagion ... '' when i reach out , will is there to support me . 
 kent 's face goes completely colorless . 
 mina sniffles . 
 we stand together , unable to say anything . 
 at least i know they understand . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 kent asks . 
 `` we should bring her ... body ... but we should n't have her on board with the children , and elliott wanted me to find the pumping station as soon as possible . '' 
 `` it 's in the swamp , '' i say . 
 everyone turns to me . 
 `` in the old manor house . 
 that 's what all those locked doors were hiding . 
 prospero almost gave the keys to the machine to malcontent , but i hid them in the cathedral . '' 
 kent pushes his glasses up on top of his head and runs his hand through his hair . 
 `` kent , we 'll come back for april 's body , if elliott does n't bring her , '' i say . 
 `` but we should go now . '' 
 he nods and moves to the wheel . 
 the ship begins to rise . 
 the wind is brisk , and we move quickly . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 will asks . 
 `` the keys , '' i say . 
 `` then the swamp . '' 
 `` exactly , '' kent says . 
 he 's tapping his foot against the deck , as if he can make the ship move faster just with the force of his nervous energy . 
 `` we need to set up a hero , someone the people can look up to besides elliott , so his power wo n't be absolute , '' he says . 
 `` you already saved those little girls . 
 you killed prospero . 
 now you 're going to find a way to bring fresh water to the city . 
 to cleanse the swamp . 
 and will and i will be there to help you . 
 and it 's ... probably best that will is n't within stabbing distance when elliott returns to the city . '' 
 will pushes back his hair , his expression somewhere between guilty and embarrassed . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he pulls a pamphlet from his pocket and hands it to me . 
 in an effort to right the wrongs of my forebears , i plan to hold an official election in two weeks ' time . 
 all occupants of the city are invited to vote . 
 anyone who would like to claim office may run for it . 
 i shall be running for the office of mayor of the city . 
 `` it does n't even sound like him , '' i say . 
 but we all know that it will do exactly what will intended . 
 elliott ca n't renege on this election without looking like he plans to be the newest tyrant . 
 and maybe it will keep him from executing my father without a proper trial . 
 elliott is not going to take this lightly . 
 `` i knew the risk i was taking , '' will says . 
 `` and i 'll accept the consequences . '' 
 `` not alone , '' i say . 
 i watch kent steer for a few moments , wondering if i should say anything more about april , but then will pulls me away . 
 we stand at the rail at the back of the ship , but instead of the breathtaking scenery below , we look at each other . 
 `` i do n't deserve - '' he begins , but i put my hand up to stop him . 
 it 's too close to what i thought after finn died . 
 that i did n't deserve happiness . 
 neither of us should be thinking that way any longer . 
 not when he was the one who convinced me that living is worth it . 
 `` do n't apologize again , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's over . 
 we 've both done terrible things . 
 and we 'd do them again if we had to . '' 
 he starts to say something , but i stop him with a quick , mostly innocent kiss . 
 the wind ruffles his hair . 
 he stares out over the landscape , and then he looks back to me , a hint of a smile on his lips . 
 `` let 's go into the cabin , '' he says . 
 and with that , the contrite will is gone . 
 he 's the will i first met , whose movements are smooth , and whose eyes promise excitement . 
 he shuts the door behind us , and then , as if we have all the time in the world , he runs his thumb over my cheek , lifts my chin . 
 my eyelids flutter closed . 
 but he does n't kiss me . 
 his hands caress the line of my throat before sliding to my shoulders . 
 every movement sends sparks through me . 
 and though i ca n't help appreciate the skillfulness of his touch , i do n't let myself melt . 
 not yet . 
 `` be still , '' i say , grabbing his hands , and placing them at my waist . 
 even there , resting lightly at my sides , his fingertips makes me shiver . 
 starting at his collar , i trace his tattoos , ever so slowly , up , up , up . 
 my hands are in his hair , delighting in the feel of it slipping through my fingers , silky and coarse at the same time . 
 i follow the tattoos back down . 
 i could keep touching him forever , but his slow smile indicates that he 's not going to just stand there while i do it . 
 he leans in , and his lips capture mine . 
 it 's nothing like the times before . 
 not gentle , not questioning . 
 just passionate . 
 i 'm pinned against the door , and he 's devouring me . 
 at some point , my knees give out-it 's been a very long day and night-and he guides me to the cot . 
 we do n't stop kissing , even when the springs protest loudly . 
 i ca n't get enough of him . 
 `` araby ! '' 
 my mother calls . 
 we hear the door creaking open and we break apart , but it 's not enough to hide what we 've been doing . 
 she stands on the threshold , scandalized , her hand covering her mouth . 
 she steps back , as if she might faint , and though she 's had a terrible night , i ca n't help smiling-even knowing that i should be embarrassed , because she has to see that though i 'm still wearing what 's left of my dress , i 've halfway unbuttoned his shirt . 
 even now , his face red , he has to pull his hand back to stop an inadvertent caress . 
 if she had n't interrupted , i 'm not sure we would 've been able to stop . 
 `` it is n't proper for you to be alone in here , '' she says . 
 i 'm not sure what she thinks i was doing , all those nights at the debauchery club . 
 i was n't kissing boys , but i could have been . 
 still , she is my mother , so i do n't argue . 
 will and i follow her back out to the deck . 
 now that the passion has faded to a bearable level , i ca n't help thinking of april . 
 she wanted this for me . 
 encouraged it . 
 but april will never kiss a boy again . 
 not the ephemeral boys she used to meet at the club , or kent with his glasses and messy hair . 
 i hug myself and look down , realizing with surprise that we 're over the city . 
 approaching the cathedral . 
 `` ladder drop in just a few moments , '' kent calls . 
 `` araby , you know where the keys are . 
 mina will go with you . 
 the two of you are lightest . '' 
 `` and neither of them is afraid of heights , '' will says bitterly . 
 kent ignores him . 
 the cathedral has lost none of its grandeur and very little of its dark menace , even in the daylight . 
 `` be careful , '' i tell mina once we 're on the ground . 
 `` i shot a gun up into the ceiling , so the structure may be damaged . 
 and there are bats . '' 
 `` bats ? '' 
 her hand goes immediately to her hair . 
 it reminds me too much of april , and i turn away for a moment . 
 inside , the smell is horrifying . 
 i forgot that several men were killed during malcontent and prospero 's fight . 
 mina gags as we move past the bodies , to the chapel where i hid the keys . 
 at first i 'm afraid they 're gone , but then i see the glint of gold . 
 i point them out to mina . 
 `` how 're you going to get up there ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i study the wall below the gargoyle . 
 the stonework in this building is ornate ; maybe i can climb it . 
 `` give me a boost . '' 
 it 's difficult to find firm places to hold , but i slowly feel my way upward , using fissures in the ancient stone . 
 the key ring is looped over the gargoyle 's snout and ear . 
 i grab it and slip it over my wrist like a bracelet . 
 i 'm bracing myself for the treacherous climb down when something crashes in the nave of the cathedral . 
 below , mina curses . 
 the sound of hundreds of wings thunders above us . 
 `` get out , '' i call to mina , but she shakes her head . 
 `` not without you . '' 
 i slide down , having trouble finding my handholds . 
 i hit the stone floor hard . 
 the key ring is around my wrist , and i have mina 's trembling arm , dragging her toward safety . 
 the keys jingle loudly . 
 whatever caused the crash , i do n't want to know . 
 outside , the sky is dark with bats flying up and around the airship . 
 kent drops the rope ladder . 
 we will have to climb up through them . 
 i steel myself and start up . 
 as i reach from one rung to the next , all the wounds i 've accumulated begin to throb . 
 halfway up , a bat flies straight toward me and i shriek , ducking my head . 
 its wings brush my hair , but i keep going . 
 and then i 'm at the ship , and will has me in his arms . 
 `` with this wind we 'll be over the swamp in an hour , '' kent says after we pull up mina . 
 `` better bandage up whatever needs bandaging . '' 
 we stand at the prow of the ship , watching the terrain beneath us devolve into swampland . 
 `` there it is ! '' 
 elise exclaims as the manor house comes into view . 
 at the edge of the swamp we see a few steam carriages , but we have no way to know who they belong to . 
 `` we do n't want elliott here , playing the hero for the people , '' kent says . 
 `` but i hope those are his men . 
 there are n't enough of us to fight malcontent 's army . '' 
 the swamp is like the sea , huge and undulating , making the manor house look tiny . 
 `` we 'll take the ship down and tie her to the chimneys again , '' kent says . 
 and he and will do so , quickly , anchoring it to the roof like they did before . 
 as we approach the hole in the roof , a crocodile splashes below , but i ignore it . 
 we have more to fear from malcontent 's fanatics than from hungry predators . 
 `` wait here , '' kent tells mother and the children . 
 `` stay in the interior cabin . '' 
 he 's holding two lanterns and a gun for each of us . 
 he hands one of each to me , along with the keys . 
 once again i find myself clasping will 's hand . 
 kent pushes the first door open . 
 the room is filled from floor to ceiling with clockwork . 
 i 've never seen so many gears , so many different types of metal ; it covers every bit of the wall . 
 each door on the north side of the house hides a similarly amazing array of fitted cogs . 
 kent opens all of them and examines the machines . 
 `` amazing , '' he says . 
 `` simply amazing . 
 but something is missing . '' 
 he goes back down the corridor , taking a paper from his pocket and studying it . 
 `` the controls must be on the floor below . '' 
 `` is n't that floor flooded ? '' 
 will asks . 
 `` only partially . 
 i 'll start the fire on this level to produce the necessary steam . 
 you two go below and find two levers that look like this . '' 
 he shows will a diagram . 
 `` make sure they are in this position . 
 then insert the keys . '' 
 he looks to be sure i still have the key ring . 
 `` turn them at the same time . '' 
 muskets fire from outside the house . 
 but we ca n't stop or turn back now . 
 we have to set this thing in motion . 
 the floor below is more than partially flooded . 
 will and i stop at a gently sloping grand staircase that twists and turns and disappears into the dirty water below . 
 i hold up my lantern , only to see it reflected by dozens of glowing disks . 
 crocodile eyes . 
 `` be careful , '' will says quietly . 
 `` they may lay their eggs inside , which would make them especially aggressive . '' 
 we hear more shooting outside the house , and then a soft splash . 
 one of the reptiles swims very slowly toward the staircase . 
 `` the levers are over there , '' will says , pointing . 
 i tear my eyes away from the rippling water below . 
 the room was once dominated by the gracious staircase we are standing on . 
 it 's a tall room , and even with the water covering the floor , the ceiling is high . 
 a metal beam stretches from about midway up the staircase to a decorative balcony across the room , where the levers and a great wheel are . 
 it must be the remains of the scaffolding used by the scientists who built this device . 
 the rest has fallen into the water below . 
 `` we 'll have to climb across and turn it on , '' will says . 
 `` the scientists who built this thing must have had a platform suspended below the beam , but it 's long gone . '' 
 i look at the beam and then , slowly , to the water below . 
 `` we 'll scoot across , '' will says . 
 `` it wo n't be so hard . '' 
 but he 's only saying that to make me feel better . 
 it 's going to be terrible . 
 the light of one lantern is not enough in this place . 
 i hold tight to the lantern , and my palm is sweaty . 
 a crocodile has climbed two steps up the grand staircase . 
 i reach for my gun . 
 `` wait , '' will says . 
 `` we do n't want to disturb the rest of them . '' 
 `` i want to shoot them all , '' i say . 
 `` you could go upstairs and help kent , '' will suggests . 
 `` give me a turn to play hero ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you alone . '' 
 he kisses me quickly and then lifts me up onto the beam . 
 i set the lantern before me and hesitate for a moment . 
 it 's too close to the ceiling to stand , and almost too narrow for crawling . 
 we 'll have to slide . 
 halfway across the beam , the pistol that kent gave will falls out of his pocket and splashes into the water below . 
 the crocodiles dive after it from every direction , and the water churns . 
 the splashing and gurgling are bad enough , but in the half light of the lantern i can also see the gleam of their teeth , the glow of their eyes . 
 i freeze , gripping the metal beam with all my might . 
 will wraps both arms around me . 
 i feel his heart beating , and i borrow courage from him . 
 `` will ? '' 
 kent is standing at the top of the stairs , holding his lantern high . 
 `` the fire is going strong . 
 those levers must be pulled now . '' 
 the light of his lantern wavers , casting shadows , and i 'm not sure at first that the shape i see is real . 
 until it 's lunging toward kent . 
 `` behind you ! '' 
 i cry , but he must have sensed the movement . 
 he throws himself to the side . 
 the assailant raises something and brings it down , crashing , over kent 's head . 
 at the sounds of the scuffle , the big crocodile lounging at the bottom of the stairway raises its head . 
 for a moment kent seems to be getting the upper hand , but the attacker is pounding him over and over . 
 it 's malcontent . 
 he is n't wearing his dark robes , but the hulking shape and nearly graceful movements give him away . 
 `` i 'll pull the levers , '' i say . 
 `` take the gun . 
 help him . '' 
 kent pushes the reverend back , and his red scarf falls to the water , where a crocodile bites into it , shaking it back and forth in the water . 
 will takes the gun as the big crocodile noses up the steps . 
 i tear my eyes away from all of it . 
 i have my job . 
 i 'll let them do theirs . 
 i scramble to the end of the beam . 
 i hear a gunshot , and the crocodiles below me are moving . 
 afraid ? 
 or angry ? 
 i lean toward the levers from the edge of the beam , as far as i can without falling into the water . 
 i grasp the first one and pull it up . 
 the second is stuck , but i yank hard and it finally moves . 
 i shove the keys in and use both hands to turn them . 
 the great wheel begins to turn with a loud grinding sound , and the water ripples . 
 craning to look over my shoulder , i see will , nearly across the beam , holding the gun in front of him . 
 the other two figures have disappeared , but the crocodiles seem very interested in the area they vacated . 
 will must have shot someone . 
 the water below us is rising , and with it the crocodiles that could n't clamber onto the stairway before . 
 i scoot quickly to where will is waiting . 
 several crocodiles are just a few steps under where we 'll have to step off . 
 `` you go first , '' he says . 
 `` if they snap at you , i 'll shoot . '' 
 `` then how will you get past them ? '' 
 `` i 'll figure something out . '' 
 the water is rising too quickly . 
 `` jump off and run ! 
 now , araby ! 
 you have to trust me . '' 
 and i do , so i leap . 
 my feet hit marble , and i jump over a snapping crocodile to a higher step , finding my footing and turning to see that will is trapped . 
 if he does the same thing i did , the big crocodile will tear into him . 
 i scream for help , even though i do n't know right now if kent is alive . 
 will still has our lantern , and with the churning of the water wheel , i 'm unable to tell if anything is approaching me , if my screams are drawing more predators . 
 suddenly elliott is beside me , lighting a match . 
 he rips something from the top of a vial with his teeth , lights it , and tosses it into the water . 
 fire blazes across the surface . 
 the creatures in the water dive away . 
 `` it wo n't last long , '' elliott says . 
 `` we do n't want to burn down the entire structure . '' 
 as i pull away from him , will joins us , and we limp down the corridor , away from the rising water and the crocodiles . 
 through the open doors on the next floor , we see the clockwork parts turning . 
 great wooden wheels move the water . 
 smaller ones control its flow , sending it through huge barrels . 
 kent is alive . 
 he 's wearing his goggles and kneeling in the corner of the room . 
 we all rush to him . 
 `` where are you hurt ? '' 
 elliott asks over and over . 
 `` i think a rib or two are broken , '' he says . 
 `` and one of the crocodiles took a nip at my leg . 
 it 's lucky that will took that shot . '' 
 his eyes slide over , and we all turn to see malcontent sprawled on the floor . 
 he 's holding a blood-soaked pillowcase to his shoulder . 
 he 's bloodied and only half conscious . 
 he opens his eyes as elliott stares down at him . 
 `` we 're going to take you back to the city , '' elliott says . 
 `` and you will answer for your crimes . '' 
 `` i 'd expect no less from you , '' malcontent says , his inexplicable hatred for elliott burning in his eyes . 
 `` but just try to leave this house alive . '' 
 elliott raises his eyebrows but does n't respond . 
 will walks over and ties up malcontent , giving the wound a cursory glance . 
 then the rest of us turn to look at the machinery . 
 `` does this thing really work ? '' 
 i ask kent . 
 `` can we cleanse the water ? 
 can we save the city from the plague ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the men who built it did n't even know . 
 prospero killed them before they could test it . 
 it 's tragic to build something so magnificent and never even discover if it worked . '' 
 elliott lights a cigarette . 
 `` almost as tragic as taking over a city and then having it pulled out from under you with an election . '' 
 his face is impassive , but he says the word `` election '' like it is a curse . 
 kent looks up . 
 his face is badly bruised where malcontent hit him . 
 `` how did you get here so quickly ? '' 
 `` you mean just in time ? 
 i did n't come to tarnish your attempt at heroism . '' 
 it would be hard to miss elliott 's sarcasm . 
 `` but i did n't want to miss out on any fun . '' 
 with the machine running , we collect ourselves and limp back to the roof . 
 when we emerge , there is an eerie silence , broken only by the splashing of the water and the grinding of machinery . 
 we take two steps , and then a gunshot rings out . 
 `` the hunter , '' i breathe . 
 of course malcontent would bring his most deadly soldier . 
 elliott looks at his father , who smiles from his place in will 's grasp . 
 `` the hunter never misses . '' 
 `` he did once , '' elliott murmurs . 
 and he walks across the roof as if there is no danger . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i scream . 
 but elliott no longer cares what i say . 
 he scans the swamp with one hand shading his eyes . 
 another shot rings out . 
 i gasp , but elliott is still standing . 
 a boy stands waist-deep in the water of the swamp , holding a gun . 
 `` is that thom ? '' 
 i ask . 
 will nods . 
 thom points to a man who floats facedown . 
 `` please send someone to fetch the body , and me , before the crocodiles come , '' thom requests politely . 
 `` i hope you 'll accept this as my apology for letting him go the last time we were all here . '' 
 luckily the crocodiles are wary , avoiding the churning water around the house . 
 elliott 's men hoist thom into their boat . 
 he climbs up the side of the house where the interior stairway was once exposed , easily scaling the sections that kent tried to make impassable with his ax . 
 `` thank you , '' elliott says . 
 `` you 've done a great service - '' `` i did it for will , '' the boy says . 
 `` he saved my life . 
 took the blame for me . 
 and for miss april , because she was kind to me . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' elliott says , ignoring the fact that he was the one who posed a threat to thom . 
 below us , windows shatter and crocodiles swarm out of the lower levels of the house . 
 the manor seems likely to fall to ruin , destroyed by the machine within . 
 we are falling to ruin as well-gashed , tattered , burned . 
 will wraps his arms around me . 
 elliott looks over at us . 
 `` i 'll be a good leader , araby . 
 better than the others . '' 
 `` a benevolent one ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` doubtful , '' elliott says . 
 `` one who gets things done . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 kent heads to the ship . 
 `` would you like to go back to the city in style ? '' 
 for a moment elliott seems ready to take us up on it , but he shakes his head . 
 `` i 'll stay with my men . 
 we 'll need to organize patrols . 
 clear out the bodies of the dead crocodiles before they block the water wheel . 
 and i 'm going back to the palace for april . 
 i wo n't leave her body in that place . '' 
 `` we can take him , '' i gesture to malcontent . 
 `` oh , i think he 'll stay with me , '' elliott says . 
 he prods his father with his boot . 
 `` the reverend will answer for his crimes . 
 as will your father . '' 
 will goes with kent toward the airship , but i 'm unable to walk away from elliott yet . 
 i want to scream at him . 
 i want to hurt him . 
 more than i already have . 
 he 's going to punish me for what i 've done to him . 
 i can see it in the tilt of his head , the coldness of his eyes . 
 `` let 's not forget that we still need each other , '' i say . 
 he slumps against the chimney , and though he kicks at his father again , the movement is desultory . 
 i turn away and climb the steps onto the deck of the airship . 
 kent lifts off , and it seems that everyone needs will . 
 first he 's being attacked and kissed and hugged by elise and henry . 
 then he 's applying salve to the slash across kent 's face . 
 `` a physician is a respectable profession , with some training , '' my mother says to no one in particular as she watches will patch everyone up . 
 the seams of will 's shirt come apart a little more as he dabs at kent 's forehead . 
 `` araby . '' 
 mina 's eyes are huge . 
 `` i ... think there are more tattoos . '' 
 so much for respectability . 
 my mother seems ready to say something else , but my attention is on will . 
 the way he moves . 
 the way he scans the deck , making sure henry and elise are safe . 
 the way it feels when his eyes catch mine and his attention is focused completely , for a few moments at least , on me . 
 `` you were amazing - '' `` what about you , with the heights ? '' 
 my voice is teasing , and his mouth turns up in the corners . 
 `` we make a good team . '' 
 chapter twenty-four it is raining again , and the city smells of dead leaves . 
 will holds a black umbrella over me . 
 henry and elise stand close to my mother to avoid the downpour . 
 in front of us stand three statues , weeping angels holding out their hands in supplication . 
 `` she will be missed , '' elliott intones , and he shuts the book that he was reading from , pushing wet blond hair from his eyes . 
 the cemetery is filled with black dresses beneath white masks . 
 it 's the first time i 've been to a funeral in years . 
 the first time we 've had the luxury to bury our dead . 
 cold water washes over the ankles of my boots . 
 it is a fitting day to bury april . 
 i waver a bit , too miserable to cry , and will holds me tight . 
 thom , our newest hero , rearranges flowers and then settles beside the grave , his head bowed . 
 but the rainwater running through the streets is clean . 
 already the swamp has receded a few feet . 
 elliott postponed the election , but he 's going to have it-even though he 's unopposed . 
 will now prints a newspaper , reporting on elliott 's every move . 
 kent is making plans to leave the city , though at the moment elliott has requisitioned the airship to bring food to the populace . 
 it 's a daunting task . 
 father is still in elliott 's custody , and when he goes outside escorted by his guards , people yell obscenities . 
 but he 's alive . 
 my father is a murderer . 
 but so am i . 
 the magnitude of what he 's done hits me sometimes . 
 and then i think that maybe elliott is right to seek retribution . 
 at least i 've had a chance to tell father that i love him , and soon i may be able to tell him that i forgive him . 
 he 's helping to produce the white-powder vaccine and mixing it with the water supply . 
 new cases of the weeping sickness are almost unheard of . 
 no one has died of the red death in days . 
 people still wear masks , but eventually we may not have to . 
 i go to the debauchery club every day , to beg elliott to release my father . 
 most days he wo n't see me . 
 sometimes he speaks as if we are friends , but on those days , when i finally bring myself to mention father , his eyes go frosty . 
 perhaps it would be different if april were alive . 
 i do n't know . 
 by the time we leave the cemetery , the rain has stopped . 
 everything is still wet , but the sun is shining now . 
 we pass over a low bridge , and i rest my hands on the stone rail , listening to the unfamiliar sound of childish laughter . 
 in the green space between two buildings , a group of boys is kicking a ball back and forth . 
 laughing . 
 henry watches them with interest . 
 `` you can cry , '' will says . 
 `` she ... would want you to wail . 
 loudly and dramatically . '' 
 and something opens up inside me , because he 's right . 
 she would want dramatics . 
 `` i wish she could see this . '' 
 i gesture past the children playing , to a new hat store that has opened down the street . 
 imagine a store that sells only hats . 
 with sequins and feathers . 
 i cry for a long time , and will holds me . 
 the children are with us , silent and still . 
 i know this must be hard for them , and yet i draw comfort from them being here . 
 elise takes one of my hands and henry takes the other . 
 `` i miss her , '' i say into will 's shirt . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i wipe my eyes . 
 the river runs bluish gray through the center of the city , and even though the rain just cleared , crews are already hammering at burned-out buildings . 
 perhaps tomorrow elliott will listen when i beg him for my father 's freedom . 
 `` could we go talk to them ? '' 
 henry asks . 
 `` to play for a little while ? '' 
 will grumbles a little as henry pulls him toward the boys . 
 henry is glowing with anticipation , but when one of the boys kicks the ball too far , it 's elise who retrieves it . 
 she hands it back to him , and he smiles at her shyly . 
 will 's eyebrows go up . 
 two of the boys wave at me . 
 i helped their mother move their belongings to a new apartment last week . 
 my status as hero has earned me some responsibility , helping to reunite families , particularly children who were lost . 
 `` we should n't stay ... , '' will begins . 
 he 's bothered by my mother 's continuing disapproval of him , and it 's getting late , but i shake my head . 
 the children have been absorbed by the group . 
 the boys gather around elise to show her how to kick , but she 's a natural and does n't need much instruction . 
 henry is laughing with the younger children . 
 a bit of parchment is half buried in the dirt at the edge of the field . 
 i pick it up , half expecting an indictment of my father , but it 's merely ... an invitation to a party ? 
 not a sumptuous masquerade ball . 
 a child 's birthday party . 
 when is henry 's birthday ? 
 i wonder . 
 and elise 's ? 
 perhaps this year i will even celebrate my own . 
 and finn 's . 
 april would approve . 
 i wipe away the last of my tears and settle into will , watching the children play . 
 `` is your birthday coming up ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` maybe we could throw a party . '' 
