 i do n't remember how the sun feels . 
 it 's an abstract concept for me , something i know exists , but does n't have the meaning it once did . 
 when we first came down , my mom and dad said it was just for a few weeks , just a precaution . 
 the outbreaks in the city came from some biological agent released in times square , i guess , and the news was full of conflicting reports on whether it came from north korea or iran . 
 other sites had other theories , but it was a coordinated strike , targeting cities all over the world . 
 at the time , i did n't know why-or even what-was happening . 
 i was thirteen when my parents quietly bought a unit in the bunkers . 
 by that point , the city was bad enough that my mother no longer went out to do the marketing . 
 instead , she called a service that brought our food , and she did n't let the courier come into the apartment , either . 
 he left our groceries in the foyer with the doorman , who then scanned to make sure there were no foreign objects in the boxes or suspicious contaminants present . 
 by this point , i had stopped attending school . 
 i was nine when they declared a state of national emergency and the country went to martial law , trying to contain the damage . 
 whole sectors of the city were designated hazardous and quarantined accordingly . 
 my dad said the heavily armed soldiers in the streets patrolled to protect me , so i was n't to worry about them . 
 they would soon restore order and things would get back to normal . 
 though i did n't know it at the time , he was totally wrong . 
 for us , normal ended on may 5 when the chemicals exploded in times square . 
 the world never recovered . 
 it 's funny , but when i look back over my childhood , i see a progression of my world getting smaller . 
 at five , i went on a plane with my parents and the whole universe lay open before me . 
 there was a white beach with sand soft as powder and an endless blue ocean ; the air was balmy , and it was an island , covered in mountains . 
 i remember asking if this was heaven , and my mother laughed . 
 she said , `` it 's not heaven , robin , but it is paradise . '' 
 there were other wonders on that trip , but i was so young that they 've begun to fade , colors running together like a painting left out in the rain . 
 i mind this fiercely because it feels like time is stealing what little i have left . 
 after we came home , i went to school , and my world was my teacher and twenty-four other students . 
 then it narrowed further to my parents and the walls of the apartment with the occasional supervised trip outdoors . 
 and when i was thirteen , they took away the sun . 
 i argued . 
 i sulked . 
 i tried to convince my parents they were overreacting-we did n't need to go live underground like rabbits , but they were afraid . 
 the streets teemed with people who had been infected with the metanoia virus , and public services could n't cope with them all . 
 my parents told me these unfortunates were unable to hold a job ; their health and mental abilities had been permanently compromised . 
 in time , they promised , the government would help the sick . 
 i was n't sure shooting them or rounding them up in trucks counted as help , but i got used to hearing automatic-weapons fire and the rumble of large engines as i fell asleep . 
 that morning , the bunker company sent an armed escort to take us from our apartment . 
 we put on special clothing and masks that would allegedly protect us . 
 i rode in an armored vehicle for the first time-and the last-that day . 
 we went into a tall building , down some stairs , and through a heavy , heavy door . 
 my parents signed some documents , and then we took possession of our new home . 
 `` it 's so small , '' my mother said . 
 my father put an arm around her . 
 `` we 'll get used to it . 
 we 'll make do . 
 this is just a precaution , just for a little while , until they get things back in order . '' 
 now , i wonder if he knew , if he suspected . 
 for the first year , we maintained contact with the outside world . 
 the air we breathed was regulated and filtered , our food was expensive and packaged `` like the astronauts eat , '' according to my mother . 
 that was supposed to make it more exciting , but i had to force my mine down . 
 sometimes i wondered what the point of survival was , if this was what we had to do ; it seemed there was nothing in the world worth saving . 
 then silence fell . 
 reports stopped coming . 
 i was fourteen years old . 
 my mother spent all day weeping when the news sites went quiet . 
 another day , she pressed random keys on the terminal , trying to get anyone to respond . 
 and that was when we found the local intercom . 
 oh , we had known there were others in units nearby . 
 we had seen the doors when we took possession of our unit , but the manager said it was best we did n't mingle because opening the hermetic seal on our doors increased the risk of contagion . 
 the company did its best to guarantee a 100 percent contaminant-free atmosphere , but that warranty existed only in our bunker , not in the public areas like the hallway . 
 which should be safe , but there was no guarantee . 
 the terminal beeped , and then a voice said , `` hello ? '' 
 he sounded young . 
 my mother lost interest when she realized she had n't contacted the authorities for a status update . 
 someone who sounded like that could n't know any more than we did . 
 so she stepped away and i took her place . 
 a few more keystrokes and i had an image on-screen . 
 i had spent most of my time sleeping , drawing , or reading , as i had n't been a tech person even before we came down here . 
 in the bunker , i sketched furiously , as if i could keep the world alive by capturing my memories of it . 
 `` are you inside too ? '' 
 the boy asked . 
 i nodded and told him our unit number . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` i 'm in three f. austin shelley , '' he added , as if i had asked . 
 `` robin schiller . '' 
 i could n't think of a good way to ask this , so i just came out with it . 
 `` have you talked to anyone or heard anything - '' `` no . 
 this is the first contact i 've had with anyone outside our flat in almost a year . '' 
 he had dark brown hair , green eyes , and a thin face with the concentrated pallor of one who has n't been outdoors in a while . 
 i 'd probably be showing the same lack , if i did n't have my father 's dark skin . 
 from my mother , i 'd gotten hazel eyes and my interest in drawing . 
 i 'd never been outdoorsy or sporty , and i was lucky my dad did n't care about such things too much . 
 before , he had some idea i might be a doctor like him , but with the way things had changed , i did n't think much about the future . 
 even then , i suspected i might not have one . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` almost a year , since i was fourteen . '' 
 that made him a year older than me . 
 surprising , how much i liked knowing i was n't the only one my age down here . 
 he might understand how alone i felt and how impossible everything seemed . 
 i wanted to chat more , but there was no chance , that day . 
 `` robin , '' my mother said . 
 `` come away . 
 your father wants to talk to you . '' 
 `` will you call me again ? '' 
 austin asked . 
 `` yes , '' i said quickly . 
 i memorized the colors currently lit on the terminal . 
 `` soon , i promise . '' 
 my parents sat me down and explained that it was likely we would n't be going back up . 
 if the world was in such bad shape that the infrastructure had collapsed , they did n't see us returning . 
 which meant i had to adjust to the small life we currently knew . 
 two years ago , i would 've protested . 
 but i had grown up a bit since then . 
 i understood the limitations , and i only nodded . 
 early the next morning while my mom and dad were still asleep , i used the terminal to call austin . 
 it was n't so much that i thought they would mind as the fact that i wanted something of my own . 
 since we lived in one room , it had gotten harder to remember when i had hours to myself , no one looking at my drawings over my shoulder . 
 he answered on the first ring , his voice a sleepy whisper . 
 `` robin ? '' 
 `` you asked me to - '' `` i know . 
 not about anything specific . 
 i 'm just tired of talking to my parents . 
 my mother 's trying to pretend this will be over shortly . '' 
 `` it might be , '' i said . 
 `` but probably not in the way she hopes . '' 
 the video aspect of the call stayed dark , as lights and moving images would wake our parents in a way that whispers might not . 
 so his sigh came across with poignant clarity . 
 i imagined his fear echoed my own , but i did n't mention it . 
 we did n't know each other well enough to share such things . 
 `` what did you do , before ? '' 
 it was an open question . 
 `` i was at a charter school , studying art . 
 i 'm fourteen , '' i added , because he might not have been able to tell from the quick glimpse yesterday . 
 `` my parents called me home from military academy just before they dropped the bomb about the bunker . '' 
 `` i do n't know anything about boarding school . 
 did you like it ? '' 
 his hesitation told me the answer was no . 
 `` i got used to it . '' 
 at that point , my parents stirred , so i whispered , `` tomorrow ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 please . '' 
 it was the tacked-on `` please '' that made me determined not to miss a day . 
 i suspected austin shelley was lonely like me . 
 after that , the days fell in to a routine . 
 austin would have been a year ahead of me in school , for what little such things mattered these days . 
 he had wanted to become an architect-though that seemed unlikely now-and he was fascinated by how things worked . 
 i ticked off the days in my journal , each one bringing a fresh conversation with my new friend . 
 thirty-four days after i first called austin shelley , my father sat me down . 
 at first , i thought it meant they 'd learned my secret and i was about to get a lecture , but instead , my parents wanted to discuss our current living conditions . 
 apparently , they thought it was n't healthy for us to be cooped up like animals in an exhibit . 
 `` we 've discussed the risks at length , '' my father said , `` and your mother and i agree that we should get to know the other families down here . '' 
 `` yes . 
 if we 're stuck , we might as well make the best of it , '' my mother added with a determinedly cheerful expression . 
 i 'd seen that look many times , just before she offered me the lesser of two evils , but i was tired of our four walls , however expensive they had been . 
 safety at the cost of new experiences tasted like stale , unleavened bread . 
 so later that day , my father unsealed the door and we stepped into the hallway beyond . 
 inside our bunker it was easier to pretend , but here , it was definitely grim and institutional , constructed quickly in answer to the growing unease . 
 other doors opened around us , and in their shhh sounds i heard a tacit acceptance that this was our new reality . 
 six families . 
 six bunkers . 
 four of them had children , but most were younger . 
 i might end up watching them to give their parents a break , but they 'd never be my friends . 
 not like austin . 
 he came toward me with a shy half-smile , like he felt odd about meeting someone with whom he 'd been talking in whispers for over a month . 
 i knew exactly how he felt . 
 this was possibly the worst party ever ; since we all had the same rations , there was nothing to offer but our company . 
 i offered my hand , and he shook it , solemn-faced . 
 as far as our parents were concerned , we were strangers , but he had been a lifeline across days that seemed so alike as to have no end . 
 and sometimes i had dark thoughts , like , is survival at this cost even worth it ? 
 most days , the answer was yes , but occasionally it was just because i knew he was waiting to hear from me . 
 austin was taller than me by at least four inches . 
 at military school , they probably made him participate in team sports too . 
 i beckoned for him to come into our unit , away from the kids chasing one another up and down the hall . 
 there were five of them , not including us , which meant some families had more than one . 
 i could n't imagine how they were coping with the reduced space . 
 probably , their mothers put them on the exercise machine and made them use it until they exhausted all their energy . 
 `` so this is you , '' he said , and then his pale cheeks colored . 
 i pretended i thought he meant our apartment instead of acknowledging it as a lame version of so we meet at last . 
 `` is it like your place ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 `` this is the sketch book i was telling you about . 
 i 'm almost out of pages . 
 but i like this one - '' i broke off , conscious that he was studying me , not the book . 
 `` do i look ... different than you expected ? '' 
 it was an issue for some people that my father was a different color than my mother . 
 fervently i hoped that would n't be the case for austin ; he shook his head quickly , eyes dropping to the floor and then back to mine again . 
 `` it 's just ... odd , '' he managed finally . 
 he 's shy , i guessed . 
 ordinarily , i could be too , but we 'd talked enough in the mornings that he felt like an old friend . 
 so maybe if i treated him that way , he would relax . 
 i hoped so . 
 for me , he offered the bright spot at the start of each day . 
 `` everything is . '' 
 `` i do n't draw people , '' he said then . 
 `` but i have some designs . 
 buildings . 
 would you like to see ? '' 
 again , the touch of color . 
 i could n't figure out why he was so awkward with me , unless it was the weight of knowing the private things we 'd whispered to each other without ever expecting the doors would open . 
 maybe i had played a priestly role in his mind , that of confessor , but now that i was standing here , it felt different . 
 i followed austin next door to find that his unit was a precise mirror of ours , every amenity , each feature . 
 carefully , i paged through his sketches , then tapped one . 
 `` this is amazing . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . 
 where did you see it ? '' 
 `` that 's one i wanted to build . 
 after i became an architect . '' 
 his green eyes swam with desperation and sorrow because now , that was an impossible dream . 
 and there was nothing i could say to turn the world right side up again . 
 my goals had always been smaller-to draw or paint . 
 maybe i could still do that on a reduced scale , but austin could n't . 
 everything he wanted had been stolen from him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , but it was n't enough . 
 for a few seconds , i covered his hand with mine . 
 i 'd seen my dad do it countless times with patients , but this felt ... different . 
 a little spark went through me . 
 i 'd always known i was odd-not in the sense that i preferred boys over girls , but in the sense that it did n't matter . 
 most times , i 'd rather keep company with a beautiful painting , lost in my own head . 
 but on the two occasions when my interest had been roused , it was by what went on in their hearts and minds , not the physical trappings . 
 in my admittedly light romantic past , there had been a couple of crushes and one kiss . 
 his chin dipped so he was n't looking at me anymore . 
 `` it 's probably for the best . 
 i 'd only have fought with my dad about it . '' 
 but he did n't pull his hand away . 
 in fact , he shifted until it lay palm up beneath mine . 
 i had never been so conscious of the heat of my skin against someone else 's . 
 the touch gave me a fluttery feeling in my stomach , and i did n't know if i should lace our fingers together , but i think he was waiting for some kind of cue he did n't receive because a few seconds later , he drew back . 
 `` you do n't get along ? '' 
 that opened the door to a flood of confidences he imparted in his morning voice , soft enough that it created a familiar bond . 
 we had been talking for an hour when our families decided we should return to isolation with promises to repeat the meeting soon . 
 i wished i could stay with austin , but things would change soon enough-and in ways i could n't have predicted then . 
 if i 've learned anything since those days , it 's not to wish too hard for a shift in circumstances since it never happens as you imagine . 
 a month later , the markowitz parents fell ill . 
 the oldest child called our unit , sobbing , as she begged my father to come and save them . 
 he was only doctor in the bunkers ; my mother implored him not to go . 
 i understood her caution , but i also knew why he would ultimately refuse her . 
 `` i have to try , mel . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` do n't go , '' she pleaded , as if she knew . 
 `` call the administrator . '' 
 ostensibly , there was a corporate representative here to make sure nothing went wrong . 
 he did periodic checks , but he did n't socialize with us , did n't communicate more than necessary . 
 likely he had orders to that effect as it would be impossible to hand down unpopular edicts if he got too close . 
 before my father could reply , the comm sounded , an official tone . 
 `` i regret to inform you that there was a fault in the ventilation systems . 
 all units may have been exposed to outside toxins . 
 naturally , a full refund will be issued . '' 
 `` a refund , '' my mother repeated , looking numb . 
 `` what good will that do us ? 
 jeremy , i ca n't watch you and robby die . '' 
 i ached because she had n't called me that in so long , not since i was a little kid . 
 my dad wore a tight , brave expression , but i saw terror in his dark eyes . 
 his hands curled in to fists , as my calm , unflappable father fought the urge to take out his rage on the furnishings . 
 i had never been so frightened in my life . 
 `` i have to check on the markowitz family , '' he said softly . 
 `` jeremy - '' `` stop it . 
 if we 're already been exposed , then it does n't matter . 
 you know that . '' 
 exposed . 
 such a small word to contain so much horror and vulnerability . 
 my mother took to her bed after my father left ; first she cried until she had no voice , then she took a pair of pills that let her sleep . 
 looking back , i can say she was a sweet woman , but she was n't strong . 
 that day , austin called me for the first time while our parents were awake . 
 time seemed too precious for secrets now . 
 `` i guess you heard , '' he said . 
 `` yeah . 
 my dad is making rounds , trying to help . '' 
 `` mine is - '' the audio cut in and out , revealing the fury his dad did n't bother to contain . 
 `` come over . 
 you should n't be around him when he 's so mad . '' 
 i could hear bits of the rant about how mr. shelley would sue the company , but it was all sound and fury . 
 even the colonel knew there would be no legal recourse in the new world rising from the ashes of the old . 
 that was part of why he was so angry . 
 austin did n't ask permission from his parents ; if we were all dying anyway , what did obedience matter ? 
 he slipped into our unit with minimum fuss . 
 here , it was quiet at least . 
 `` i do n't want to die , '' he whispered in our morning voice . 
 a lump comprised of equal parts fear and sympathy rose in my throat . 
 `` me either . '' 
 `` i 'm not ready . 
 i mean , i always knew it might come to this , but part of me believed my old man . 
 he could buy his way out of anything . 
 even this . '' 
 his voice broke . 
 `` turns out , not so much . '' 
 `` i tried to pretend it was n't happening . 
 live in my own head . '' 
 somehow he went into my arms or i went into his and we tangled , hard . 
 he was shaking , or i was . 
 so hard , knowing the air you breathed might be what killed you . 
 austin smelled exactly like me ; he used the same company-provided soap and toiletries , but it was a little better on him , deeper and richer , or it might 've been the alchemy of his skin . 
 if it had n't been for my mother asleep behind us-or the fact that my father could come back at any moment-i might 've done more than hold him , if i 'd been that brave , then . 
 in truth , i was n't ; and it might 've felt like taking advantage anyway when he was so obviously upset . 
 he did n't go back to his unit that night . 
 austin slept in my bed , curled against my back . 
 my mother did n't wake . 
 in the morning , i roused to a comforting arm over my waist ; it was the first time i 'd slept the night through with another person . 
 i wondered if he would regret the need and vulnerability , but he did n't seem to . 
 nor did he appear in any hurry to go back next door . 
 by the time my father returned , he looked exhausted , dark rings about his eyes . 
 the slump of his shoulders told me it had n't gone well at the markowitz place . 
 `` bad ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` the parents died in the night . '' 
 i bit out a word i was n't supposed to use , and my father did n't even chide me . 
 `` that was fast . '' 
 `` the oldest girl has it , and there 's nothing i can do for her , but the younger two seem to be all right . 
 the administrator collected the bodies . '' 
 `` so we just wait to die ? '' 
 austin demanded . 
 my father shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know , son . 
 the girls will be over here shortly , once they finish packing . 
 i hope you do n't mind looking after them . 
 i need to get some sleep . 
 is your mother - '' `` she 's not handling it well . '' 
 but she was suffering from more than self-medication . 
 illness followed , so she grew weaker and weaker . 
 my mother never said my name again . 
 never called me robby . 
 as she lingered near death , i held in the tears through sheer force of will . 
 even austin 's hand on my shoulder did n't help , though it felt nice . 
 she died just before midnight . 
 the oldest markowitz girl also died that night-or maybe the administrator hurried her along . 
 he was a cold-faced man and quick with a needle ; i resolved never to be alone with him . 
 soon , we had two little orphaned girls underfoot , and austin stayed with us until his mother came for him , wearing a look unlike any i 've ever seen . 
 `` i know you and the colonel have had your differences , but you need to say good-bye . '' 
 he shot me a panicked glance and i stood reflexively . 
 `` do you mind if i come ? '' 
 mrs. shelley shook her head . 
 `` he 's sick , you know . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` my father 's been tending people . 
 both these girls lost their families to the plague . 
 if i have n't gotten it by now , maybe i 'm immune . '' 
 i should n't have said that . 
 austin 's father passed that night , and by morning , i was burning with fever . 
 i gloss over this part of the story because i ca n't remember much about it . 
 some things are crystal clear , even at a remove of years , but not this . 
 there were broken mirrors in my head , sweat and pain , a glimpse of my father 's heartbroken face and green eyes luminous with tears . 
 i 'm told i lay near death for seven days , and on the seventh , i came out of it . 
 i recovered . 
 in our small cross section of the populace , i 'm the only one who did . 
 a few simply never got sick . 
 by the time the dying stopped , our small community had been decimated . 
 of the original twenty-five , six of us lived . 
 me , austin , my father , his mother , and the two markowitz girls . 
 after overhearing some cryptic comments from the administrator , we talked it over and decided to abandon the bunkers . 
 there was apparently a vaccine , but it had n't been thoroughly tested , and in some cases , it was making things worse . 
 instead of merely dying , some people were ... changing . 
 it sounded alarming-and i did n't want the company using us as test subjects for their faulty medicine or cleaning us up as a failed experiment . 
 we had to get away . 
 to hide . 
 so the next morning , we packed up everything we could carry-and it was n't much . 
 the walk was ... harrowing . 
 i 'd never realized there was a whole world beneath the city , but there clearly was . 
 people lived down here in warrens and tunnels-pale folk with shining eyes and suspicious stares . 
 most did n't look kindly on strangers and moved us along . 
 but after endless turns , endless twists through a dark world , we found a place that welcomed us . 
 they were a fairly new settlement , calling themselves the college enclave , because of a nearby subway stop , i guess . 
 and when they found out we had a doctor among us , they drew back the barricades and welcomed us . 
 on the surface , most had been homeless , drug addicts or alcoholics , those that society threw away . 
 down here , they had the power . 
 in a heartbeat , everything changes . 
 `` they 're evacuating the city , '' one of the settlers told us . 
 `` apparently it 's uninhabitable up there right now . '' 
 another shrugged . 
 `` we would n't have qualified for evac anyway . 
 they 're shortlisting those who can contribute to society . '' 
 a dusky-skinned man with dreadlocks said , `` down here , we all can . 
 we do . 
 doctor , do you mind checking out my little girl ? '' 
 because he always did , my father said yes-and the rest of us found a little piece of ground to call our own . 
 it was dark , cramped , and smelled a bit , of smoke and other , less pleasant things . 
 i felt sure i 'd get used to it . 
 life had already shifted so much . 
 austin laced his fingers through mine and drew me away from the others . 
 `` it 's better than the bunkers , '' he said softly , his tone more hopeful than certain . 
 `` i hope so . 
 at least we 're not at the company 's mercy . 
 let them try to find us here . '' 
 his expression became exultant , defiant , even . 
 he put a hand on my shoulder and pushed me against the wall , then kissed me with such surety and promise . 
 no more waiting for cues , apparently . 
 since he had been for me , almost from the moment i heard his voice in the dark , i curled my hand into his hair . 
 there had been one touch of lips to mine before this , but this was the kiss i would cherish and remember , a kiss to obliterate all others . 
 i was breathless when he stopped . 
 `` i was n't sure if you ... '' he started , then he shifted to , `` i was afraid . '' 
 `` do n't ever be . 
 not with me . '' 
 that night , the original settlers decided we needed some rules to follow ; each of us should serve a purpose . 
 austin was confident that night , possibly because of us . 
 and so he said , `` you should divide up jobs like an old-school tribe . 
 some people hunt , others build . '' 
 most people laughed , but the chief said , `` what about the rest ? '' 
 `` they breed to keep numbers up , naturally . 
 but not too much . 
 we want to survive , not overpopulate . '' 
 to my surprise , they ratified his idea . 
 and it worked well for a long time . 
 my father lasted ten years down there ; mrs. shelley passed on shortly thereafter . 
 the markowitz girls had sons and daughters . 
 and austin ? 
 he was a builder , even down here ; oh , he crafted the most marvelous things . 
 i helped him in that . 
 austin shelley was also the love of my life . 
 i lost him two years ago . 
 and i am so very tired now . 
 my name is robin schiller , and i have come to the end of my life . 
 in this final recounting , i entrust my tale to you , my pupil ; you are the first wordkeeper . 
 in this world , words matter . 
 sometimes they 're all we have . 
 so i entrust mine to you . 
 let them be remembered . 
 let it be so . 
