 part i confidential files wicked memorandum , date 220.6.24 , time 0936 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : welcome welcome , colleagues , to the beginning of the greatest collaborative human effort in the history of our planet . 
 i would not dare suggest that this is a time for excitement . 
 the world has never known such dark times as these , and celebration is far from appropriate . 
 what i would like to establish , however , is that we can feel hope and pride that we are a part of something that is working to save the human race . 
 and to succeed , we must hit the ground running . 
 those of you in charge of the search parties in the designated twelve sectors are to report back to the council each time a suitable subject is discovered . 
 it is far too early to know what percentage of the population meets our needs , but it has become obvious that the number will be small . 
 we need to test each subject immediately so we can choose candidates with the greatest potential to last until the very end . 
 the design team for the maze will be presenting their latest plans to us tomorrow morning at 0900 hours at command center 3 . 
 building a structure of this sophistication is an ambitious project during the best of times , and given the current state of the world , we anticipate that implementing phase 1 will take the next several years . 
 we will spare no expense to keep the project on track . 
 in a few years we will have our elite candidates to help in the final design and building phases . 
 tomorrow 's meeting will also devote a segment to the biotech creatures we have manufactured to help us create and fully manage the planned variables . 
 our psychs and doctors have worked to come up with an action plan . 
 they believe that we can achieve sixty percent of the patterns we need by setting in motion the incidents we have plotted so far . 
 with at least ten years until the project reaches its cli ** x , i think that is an incredible number . 
 members of the council plan to stay in constant communication throughout the entirety of this project , so do feel free to share your thoughts with me or the others on the council at any time . 
 i am proud to be a part of this great endeavor , along with all of you . 
 the future has begun . 
 wicked memorandum , date 221.11.26 , time 1056 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : elite candidate we have discovered a most extraordinary candidate . 
 none of us can put a finger on why he seems so perfect to serve as one of our elites . 
 there is simply something about him . 
 though very young , he seems to have an awareness of his surroundings well beyond his years . 
 his verbal and cognitive skills are at an adult level , yet somehow he still holds on to an innocence-a childlike quality-that has endeared him to everyone he has met so far . 
 preliminary tests show the most promising results we have had thus far . 
 his intelligence and capacity to learn are immeasurable . 
 he also has the potential for incredible physical abilities , which of course will be vital in the maze if he ends up doing what we would like him to do . 
 we have decided to name him after one of the most important inventors in history , as we believe strongly that he will go on to achieve great things . 
 if you would like to observe thomas , go to room 31j . 
 -lrb- located next to teresa . -rrb- 
 i think you will be impressed . 
 wicked memorandum , date 224.9.6 , time 1108 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : implants one of the most delicate elements of our project is complete . 
 all brain devices , including the swipe trigger , the manipulators , and the telepathy tools , have been successfully implanted . 
 i am happy to pass on that the doctors reported only seven deaths during surgery . 
 many fewer than we had feared and anticipated . 
 transcript of subjects a1 and a2 , meeting 1 beginning of transcript thomas : hey . 
 teresa : hi . 
 thomas : why did they put us in here ? 
 teresa : i do n't know . 
 they wanted us to meet and talk , i guess . 
 thomas : how long have you lived here ? 
 teresa : since i was five . 
 thomas : so ... ? 
 teresa : so four years . 
 thomas : you 're only nine ? 
 teresa : yeah . 
 why ? 
 how old are you ? 
 thomas : same . 
 you just seem older is all . 
 teresa : i 'll be ten soon . 
 have n't you been here just as long ? 
 thomas : yeah . 
 teresa : why do they keep some of us separate ? 
 i can hear other kids screaming and laughing all the time . 
 and i 've seen the big cafeteria . 
 it 's got ta feed hundreds . 
 thomas : so they bring your food to your room , too ? 
 teresa : three times a day . 
 most of it tastes like a toilet . 
 thomas : so you know what a toilet tastes like ? 
 teresa : ca n't be worse than the food they give us . 
 thomas : heh . 
 you 're right . 
 teresa : so there must be something different about us , do n't you think ? 
 thomas : i guess . 
 there has to be a reason we 're kept alone . 
 but it 's hard to guess what when we do n't even know why we 're here . 
 teresa : i know . 
 is your life pretty much school stuff from wake-up to lights-out ? 
 thomas : just about . 
 teresa : they keep telling me how smart i am . 
 thomas : me too . 
 it 's weird . 
 teresa : i think it all has something to do with the flare . 
 did your parents catch it before wicked took you ? 
 thomas : i do n't want to talk about that . 
 teresa : why not ? 
 thomas : i just do n't . 
 teresa : fine , then . 
 me neither . 
 thomas : why are we in here , anyway ? 
 seriously , what 're we supposed to be doing ? 
 teresa : talking . 
 being tested . 
 i do n't know . 
 sorry being around me is so freaking boring for you . 
 thomas : huh ? 
 you 're mad ? 
 teresa : no , i 'm not mad . 
 you just do n't seem very nice . 
 i kind of like the idea of finally having a friend . 
 thomas : sorry . 
 sounds kind of good to me , too . 
 teresa : then maybe we passed the test . 
 maybe they wanted to see if we 'd get along . 
 thomas : whatever . 
 i quit guessing about things a long time ago . 
 teresa : so ... friends ? 
 thomas : friends . 
 teresa : shake on it . 
 thomas : okay . 
 teresa : hey , does your brain hurt sometimes ? 
 i mean , not just like a normal headache , but deep down inside your skull ? 
 thomas : what ? 
 are you serious ? 
 yes ! 
 teresa : shh ! 
 quiet , someone 's coming . 
 we 'll talk about it later . 
 end of transcript wicked memorandum , date 228.2.13 , time 1842 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : telepathy progress a quick report to all those not directly involved in project silence . 
 of all the elements we debated during the planning stages , this is one that i think we can all agree is an absolute winner . 
 the potential for valuable pattern results from those with implanted abilities is enormous . 
 though we have not yet officially begun collecting data , we can already see what a boon to the studies project silence will be . 
 please remember the reasoning we have agreed upon for why the elites have been given this special gift of communication ; it is important in case you ever come into direct contact with them and are questioned . 
 these candidates are , by nature , very curious-not only about this particular issue , but also about why they are being treated differently from other subjects in all aspects . 
 they have often asked each other about it , and the questions have become constant now that they can speak to one another via telepathy . 
 please remember , if questioned , to answer that they have been given the ability to do this for one reason and one reason only : to allow them instant communication as they help us complete the maze . 
 the irony is that it really will help . 
 quite a bit . 
 i believe we greatly underestimated how smoothly and efficiently the structure will operate with such remarkable workers . 
 it is vital that these candidates never learn the truth . 
 once our subjects know that we have manipulated their brains to such an extent , we will lose the advantage of their oblivious and sincere reactions to the upcoming variables . 
 their altered perspective and inevitable suspicion will not only taint the results in the beginning , but will also make it almost impossible to implement the stimulating experiments when we begin feeding them memory retrievals and the like . 
 those are the two things i wanted to bring to your attention . 
 first , that the telepathy is working even better than we could have hoped , already proving that it will be invaluable in creating the kinds of situations and variables we will need throughout the experiment . 
 and second , that we must ensure that thomas and the others think they have been given this ability merely to assist in their design-and-build efforts . 
 wicked memorandum , date 229.6.10 , time 2329 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : spread of the flare due to the increased rapidity of the virus 's spread and the outbreak within our own facilities , it seems we may need to rethink the schedule of the maze experiment . 
 although it would be ideal to keep to our five-year time line of study and analysis , i suggest we pare back to two years before sending in our catalyst subjects . 
 i 've spoken with thomas , teresa , aris , and rachel ; they are in agreement . 
 i do not believe we will be able to collect all the necessary patterns by the end of this phase . 
 this makes it almost certain that we will be required to implement the second phase we have tentatively planned for . 
 we will achieve results more quickly by accelerating the schedule , though the experiment will be much , much riskier . 
 the next few months are going to be terribly difficult . 
 i am instituting mandatory testing with the psychs for all partners every other day so we will know when we have reached the point of no return , at which time decommissioning will take place . 
 we can not let the decline of our minds jeopardize the very project meant to stop such a thing . 
 please be sensitive around thomas and the others . 
 despite their intelligence and maturity , sometimes we forget how young they are . 
 they will need thick skin to make it through the transition to becoming our replacements ; they will have to survive with their emotional and psychological foundations intact or the whole project could be a failure . 
 we must watch them closely . 
 at this time it is important that we not let hopelessness prevail . 
 we have a chance to save the future . 
 be diligent . 
 be decisive . 
 detach your emotions from the difficulties of the present and remember what we have held as our mantra from the very beginning : we will do whatever it takes to succeed . 
 whatever it takes . 
 wicked memorandum , date 231.5.4 , time 1343 to : partners from : kevin anderson , chancellor re : my farewell to you all i hope that each one of you will forgive me for doing this in such a cowardly manner , sending you a memo when this is something i should do in person . 
 however , i have no choice . 
 the effects of the flare are rampant in my actions , embarrassing and disheartening . 
 and our decision not to allow the bliss within our compound means i ca n't fake it long enough to say goodbye properly . 
 typing these words is difficult enough . 
 but at least i have the ability and time to write and edit in the small windows of sanity left to me . 
 i do not know why the virus affected me so quickly and so viciously . 
 i deteriorated far more quickly than almost all of the original group . 
 but no matter . 
 i have been decommissioned , and my replacement , ava paige , is ready to take charge . 
 the elites are well into their training to serve as the links between us and those who will continue to run wicked . 
 ava herself admits that her purpose is almost that of a figurehead , with our elite candidates the true rulers . 
 we are and will continue to be in good hands . 
 the noble endeavor we began over a decade ago will see itself through to fruition . 
 our efforts , and for almost all of us , our lives , will have been spent justly and for the greater good . 
 the cure will be built . 
 honestly , this is more of a personal note . 
 to thank you for your friendship , your compassion , your empathy in the face of such difficult tasks . 
 one word of warning : it gets bad in the end . 
 do not fight your decommission . 
 i did , and now i regret it . 
 just leave and end the suffering . 
 it has become too much . 
 thank you . 
 and goodbye . 
 wicked memorandum , date 231.5.5 , time 0716 to : from : re : i only have two fingers left . 
 i wrote the lies of my farewell with two fingers . 
 that is the truth . 
 we are evil . 
 they are kids . 
 we are evil . 
 we should stop , let the munies have the world . 
 we ca n't play god . 
 we ca n't do this to kids . 
 you 're evil , i 'm evil . 
 my two fingers tell me so . 
 how can we lie to our replacements ? 
 we give them hope when there is none . 
 everyone will die . 
 no matter what . 
 let nature win . 
 wicked memorandum , date 231.6.22 , time 1137 to : the replacements from : thomas -lsb- subject a1 -rsb- re : the purge i take total responsibility for what we have had to do over the last few days . 
 what we have to keep in mind , though , is that wicked is alive and stronger than ever . 
 the maze is up and running and our studies are in full swing . 
 we are on the path and we can not stray from it . 
 all i ask is that what we have done here remain within the organization and never be referred to again . 
 what 's done is done , and it was a mercy . 
 but now , every waking thought has to be devoted to building the blueprint . 
 ava paige is the new chancellor of wicked , effective immediately . 
 wicked memorandum , date 232.1.28 , time 0721 to : my associates from : ava paige , chancellor re : regarding chuck i wanted to share some quick thoughts about chuck 's death since talk of it is rampant around the compound . 
 though not surprising , the reaction disappoints me . 
 we all understand what it is we have been asked to do , and we all knew that we would be expected to do things that are difficult . 
 but wicked 's purpose is about the long term , and everything will have been for nothing unless we accomplish our ultimate goal . 
 showing small mercies along the way does no one any good . 
 the psychs have determined what we need to stimulate our subjects and seek the patterns ; their edicts are our first concern . 
 chuck was a wonderful child full of life and sweet tenderness . 
 of all our subjects , he may have been the one most likely to earn our sympathies , as well as those of his companions . 
 ironically , that is the very reason why what happened needed to happen . 
 you saw the results for yourself . 
 most importantly , and to ease your conscience , remember that chuck was not a potential candidate and most certainly would have met an even worse death eventually . 
 if anything , we did show him a mercy by setting up the scenario that led to his murder . 
 there is not much else to say . 
 i do not need to preach about morals or right and wrong . 
 we are in survival mode , and the only thing that matters is maximizing the number of lives saved in the long run . 
 please visit our in-staff counselors if need be , but then please move on and stay on course for the scorch trials . 
 the discussions regarding this matter must cease immediately to keep morale up . 
 part ii recovered correspondence to all survivors of the sun flares the flares information recovery endeavor , henceforth known as fire , hereby calls upon municipal units , police agencies , social services and any surviving governmental entities for help . 
 because most means of communication have been rendered useless , this flyer is being disseminated to the four corners of the world by any available means , including netblock , berg , plane , boat , car , and horse . 
 so far fire comprises representatives from the north american alliance , russia , the european union , the united states of africa , and mexico , all countries that have suffered catastrophic damage from the sun flares . 
 we hope to gather more representatives from around the world as quickly as possible . 
 the globe has been ravaged by this disaster . 
 but now is the time to pull together to do what we have always done : survive . 
 fire 's first task is to assemble world leaders and collect information . 
 we will then organize governing units , police forces , and food and shelter coordination plans . 
 if you read this message , please find a way to send word back to the fire headquarters in anchorage , alaska . 
 post-flares coalition memorandum , date 217.11.28 , time 21:46 to : all board members from : chancellor john michael re : population concerns the report presented to us today , copies of which were sent to all members of the coalition , certainly left no room for doubt as to the problems that face this already crippled world . 
 i am certain that all of you , like me , went to your shelters in stunned silence . 
 it is my hope that the harsh reality described in this report is now clear enough that we can begin talking about solutions . 
 the problem is simple : the world has too many people and not enough resources . 
 we have scheduled our next meeting for a week from tomorrow . 
 i expect all members to come prepared to present a solution , no matter how extraordinary it seems . 
 you may be familiar with an old business saying , `` think outside the box . '' 
 i believe it is time we do just that . 
 i look forward to hearing your ideas . 
 to : john michael from : katie mcvoy subject : potential john , i looked into the matter we discussed over dinner last night . 
 amriid barely survived the flares , but they 're confident that the underground containment system for the most dangerous viruses , bacteria , and biological weapons did n't fail . 
 it took some wrangling , but i got the information we need . 
 i 've looked through it and come up with a recommendation . 
 all the potential solutions are far too unpredictable to be usable . 
 except one . 
 it 's a virus . 
 it attacks the brain and shuts it down , painlessly . 
 it acts quickly and decisively . 
 the virus was designed to slowly weaken in infection rate as it spreads from host to host . 
 it will be perfect for our needs , especially considering how severely limited travel has become . 
 it could work , john . 
 and as awful as it seems , i believe it could work efficiently . 
 i 'll send over the details . 
 let me know your thoughts . 
 - katie to : katie mcvoy from : john michael subject : re : potential katie , i need your help preparing my full proposal for the virus release presentation . 
 we need to focus on how a controlled kill is the only way to save lives . 
 though it will make survival possible for only a select portion of our population , unless we take extreme measures , we face the eventual extinction of the human race . 
 you and i both know how hypothetical this solution is . 
 but we 've run the simulations a thousand times and i just ca n't see any alternative . 
 if we do n't do this , the world will run out of resources . 
 i firmly believe it is the most ethical decision-the risk of race extinction justifies the elimination of a few . 
 my mind is made up . 
 now it 's a matter of convincing the others on the board . 
 let 's meet at my quarters , 1700 . 
 everything has to be worded perfectly , so prepare yourself for a long night . 
 until then , john to : randall spilker from : ladena lichliter subject : i 'm still sick from the meeting today . 
 i just ca n't believe it . 
 i ca n't accept that the pcc actually looked us in the eyes and presented that proposal . 
 seriously . 
 i was stunned . 
 and then more than half the room agreed with them ! 
 they supported it ! 
 what the hell is going on ? 
 randall , tell me what the hell is going on ? 
 how can we even think about doing something like that ? 
 how ? 
 i 've spent the afternoon trying to make sense of it all . 
 i ca n't take it . 
 i ca n't . 
 how did we get here ? 
 come see me tonight . 
 please . 
 - ll post-flares coalition memorandum , date 219.02.12 , time 19:32 to : all board members from : chancellor john michael re : eo draft please give me your thoughts on the following draft . 
 the final order will go out tomorrow . 
 executive order # 13 of the post-flares coalition , by recommendation of the population control committee , to be considered top-secret , of the highest priority , on penalty of capital punishment . 
 we the coalition hereby grant the pcc express permission to fully implement their pc initiative # 1 as presented in full and attached below . 
 we the coalition take full responsibility for this action and will monitor developments and offer assistance to the fullest extent of our resources . 
 the virus will be released in the locations recommended by the pcc and agreed upon by the coalition . 
 armed forces will be stationed to ensure that the process unfolds in as orderly a manner as possible . 
 eo # 13 , pci # 1 , is hereby ratified . 
 begin immediately . 
 to : john michael from : katie mcvoy subject : potential john , we received the following radio message from soldiers at ground zero eu : an exchange between a lieutenant larsson and a private named kibucho that began during a helicopter flyover . 
 i have to warn you , it 's a little disturbing . 
 * begin transmission * larsson : what the * expletive * is that down there ? 
 through that gash in the roof . 
 what 's all that movement ? 
 kibucho : they 're supposed to be * expletive * dead by now . 
 it has to be animals or something . 
 larsson : no way . 
 but it 's too dark . 
 we need to get down there and have a look . 
 kibucho : i 'll tell them . 
 * three-minute break in transmission * larsson : open the door . 
 kibucho : are you sure ? 
 larsson : open the * expletive * door , private ! 
 kibucho : going in . 
 * two-minute break in transmission * kibucho : he chopped off my leg ! 
 he chopped off my * expletive * leg ! 
 larsson : what ? 
 what the * expletive * are you talking about ? 
 kibucho : -lsb- garbled response . -rsb- 
 larsson : private ! 
 what 's going on ? 
 kibucho : half of them are alive ! 
 get me out ! 
 larsson : backup , backup , backup ! 
 we need backup in sector seventeen of ground zero eu immediately ! 
 kibucho : -lsb- garbled screams . -rsb- 
 larsson : holy * expletive * ! 
 holy * expletive * ! 
 they 're eating him ! 
 my god , they 're eating him ! 
 kibucho : -lsb- garbled screams that cut off abruptly . -rsb- 
 larsson : they have me cornered ! 
 oh , * expletive * , they have me cornered ! 
 * end transmission * we need to gather the board . 
 - katie to : randall spilker from : ladena lichliter subject : unbelievable i know you 've been sick , but the reports are flying in now . 
 have you seen any of them ? 
 these are n't rumors anymore , randall . 
 they have at least 27 confirmed sightings of infected groups . 
 the virus did n't kill them ! 
 none of the doctors or scientists can nail down what 's gone wrong . 
 but most of the people living at ground zero locations are completely insane , like animals . 
 they 're monsters ! 
 but that 's not even the worst part . 
 what has the coalition terrified is that victims even had time to escape from the remote camps . 
 the coalition thought the incubation period and onset of death would be much faster . 
 and there are reports of symptoms in citizens outside the hot zones . 
 everywhere . 
 randall , we have a major , major crisis on our hands . 
 they should 've listened to us . 
 they should 've listened ! 
 god help us . 
 - ll to : john michael from : katie mcvoy subject : some last words john , there 's no way we can stop this . 
 you 're right . 
 i hate to admit it , but it 's true . 
 every effort we made to prevent the spread was pointless . 
 the virus is jumping bodies every second . 
 we can only hope that the rumors of the presence of immunes are true . 
 they might be the only chance we 've got for survival . 
 a cure . 
 i ca n't think of any other possible solution . 
 somehow , we have to find a cure . 
 did you hear what the media has taken to calling it ? 
 the flare . 
 i 'm sure it 'll stick . 
 i have it . 
 i know i do . 
 i 'm leaving . 
 i do n't want to infect anyone . 
 you were a true friend in this madness . 
 goodbye , john . 
 - katie post-flares coalition memorandum , date 220.05.01 , time 11:23 to : all board members from : chancellor john michael re : another solution the killzone . 
 that 's their word for the brain now . 
 where the flare does its damage and slowly kills you with lunacy . 
 and they already have a nickname for the immunes , too . 
 the munies . 
 what utter ridiculousness . 
 but jargon matters not . 
 what matters is how it all connects . 
 the killzone . 
 the flare . 
 the immunes . 
 a world that 's in complete catastrophe . 
 we need to find a cure . 
 there is no other way to go forward . 
 we will meet tomorrow , 0800 . 
 i have an idea . 
 part iii suppressed memories thomas 's first memory of the flare it had been five days since they 'd locked thomas up in the white room . 
 on that fifth day , after trying his best to go through the routine he 'd established-exercise , eat , think , repeat-he decided to lie down and sleep . 
 let his terrible new world wash away for a while . 
 exhausted , he faded quickly and images began to bloom in his mind . 
 thomas is young-he ca n't tell how young exactly . 
 he 's curled up in a corner , knees pulled up to his chest , shivering with fright . 
 his dad-the man who holds him , reads to him , kisses him on the cheek , hugs him , bathes him-is on a rampage , screaming hateful things and turning over furniture . 
 his mom tries to stop him , but he pushes her away without even seeming to realize who she is . 
 she stumbles , tries to regain her balance , then slams into the wall a few feet from thomas . 
 sobbing , she crawls to him , pulls him into her arms . 
 `` do n't worry , honey , '' she whispers . 
 `` they 're coming to take him away . 
 they 'll be here soon . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 thomas asks . 
 his voice sounds so young , and it breaks his dreaming heart . 
 `` the people who are going to take care of him , '' she answers . 
 `` remember , your daddy 's sick , very sick . 
 this is n't really him doing all of this . 
 it 's the disease . '' 
 suddenly dad spins around to face them , his face aflame with anger . 
 `` disease ? 
 did i just hear you say disease ? '' 
 each word comes out of his mouth like a poisoned dart , full of venom . 
 mom shakes her head , hugs thomas tighter to her body . 
 `` why do n't you just say it , woman , '' dad continues , taking a step toward them . 
 his chest is lurching with his attempts to suck in breath , and his hands are clenched into tight fists . 
 `` the flare . 
 tell the boy how it is . 
 tell him the truth . 
 your dad has the flare , thomas . 
 it 's comin ' along real nicely . '' 
 another step closer . 
 `` your mom has it , too . 
 oh yes . 
 soon she 'll be chewing on her fingers and feeding you dirt for breakfast . 
 laughing hysterically while she breaks the windows and tries to cut you . 
 she 'll be bat crazy , boy , just like your daddy . '' 
 another step closer . 
 thomas squeezes his eyes shut , hoping it 'll all go away . 
 the dreaming part of him does n't want to see anymore , either . 
 wants it to end . 
 `` look at me , boy , '' dad says with a snarl . 
 `` look at me when i 'm talking to you . '' 
 thomas ca n't help it . 
 he always does as he 's told . 
 his dad looks calm now in every way except one : those fists . 
 fingers and knuckles white . 
 `` that 's good , '' dad says . 
 `` good boy . 
 look at your daddy . 
 do i look crazy to you ? 
 huh ? 
 do i ? '' 
 he shouts those last two words . 
 `` no , sir , '' thomas says , surprised he can say it without shaking . 
 `` well , you 're wrong , then . '' 
 dad 's face pinches with anger again . 
 `` i 'm crazy , boy . 
 i 'm a madman . 
 i could eat both of you for dinner and love every bite . '' 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 mom screams , a sound so loud it pierces thomas 's eardrums painfully . 
 `` you stop it right now ! 
 i swear to god i 'll rip your heart out if you touch my son ! '' 
 dad laughs . 
 not just a chuckle , either . 
 his whole body shakes and he throws his head back as booming laughter pours from him , filling the house with its noise . 
 thomas has never heard something sound so wrong before . 
 but the man keeps it up , laughing and laughing and laughing . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 mom screams again . 
 she repeats it over and over until finally thomas ca n't take it anymore and covers his ears . 
 then the doorbell rings , barely loud enough to be heard . 
 but both of his parents go silent . 
 dad looks in the direction of the front door , his face suddenly showing fear . 
 `` they 're here to get you , '' mom says through a sob . 
 `` my sweet , the love of my life , they 're here to get you . '' 
 thomas woke up . 
 frypan , swipe removal operation frypan looked up at his nurse , and though nervousness filled his gut , he knew he was doing the right thing and forced himself to relax . 
 he was about to get his memories back . 
 his memories ! 
 he could n't wait to see his past . 
 the woman swabbed a spot clean on the side of his neck , then poked the needle into a vein before he could get another word out . 
 there was a sharp sting and then warmth flowed through his body . 
 `` there , '' she said . 
 `` just rest for a few minutes . 
 we 'll lower the mask as soon as you fall asleep . '' 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 frypan whispered ; he could n't help himself-he wanted answers . 
 `` what is the swipe , anyway ? '' 
 `` just relax now '' was all she said in response . 
 frypan closed his eyes and resolved to shut up . 
 the answers would come soon enough . 
 he breathed deeply , doing his best to follow directions , to calm his nerves . 
 the warmth he 'd been feeling expanded as weariness trickled in , pulling him toward sleep . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 frypan 's eyes snapped open to see his nurse staring down at him through what seemed like a white haze . 
 he tried to speak , but only a mumble of something unintelligible came out . 
 `` you look ready , '' she said . 
 `` just wanted to let you know i 'm about to lower the mask . 
 you do n't need to do anything-go ahead and close your eyes again . 
 when you wake up you 'll remember everything . '' 
 he grunted , closed his eyes . 
 he had n't been this tired in a long time . 
 something squeaked , followed by a grating sound , then a few hard clinks . 
 he felt the pads of the mask on his skin . 
 something whirred , reminding him of the grievers , which sent a brief spurt of panic through him before it got swallowed by his exhaustion . 
 just before he lost consciousness , he swore he could feel cold worms trying to burrow their way into his ears . 
 * * * frypan swam in a pool of darkness . 
 somewhere on the outside , in the periphery , he was aware of pain . 
 it bit at his nerves , sliced through his head and brain . 
 but a dullness , the fog of drugs , numbed it , made it a thing he did n't care about . 
 as he floated in the absence of light , he remembered how others back in the maze had described the changing-an awful journey into a swirling white tornado of their imagination . 
 and that was when recalling only a few flashes of memory . 
 they talked about the extreme pain , and he wondered if he was about to go through something like that . 
 he was n't too keen on the idea-a good burn from the stove was about the worst thing he 'd been through before . 
 things developed differently than he could 've ever guessed . 
 he floated in an impossible vacuum-with no gravity , no sense of direction or space . 
 finally an unseen ground solidified below him and his feet touched a hard surface . 
 he pulled himself together and looked around , hoping for a light to banish the darkness that pressed in on him , scaring him . 
 something creaked close by and he turned toward the sound , saw an open door , a soft light spilling out to reveal a stone path between him and the entrance to who-knew-where . 
 he knew this all had to be imagined , that he was n't actually in this place , seeing what he was seeing . 
 it had to be symbolic , something formed in his imagination to be able to process whatever the doctors were doing to his brain with their mask machine . 
 he reached the door in just four steps , hesitated in front of it , then pushed it open wider and entered a sea of blackness . 
 as his eyes adjusted , he realized he was in a long hallway that stretched into the distance as far as he could see . 
 the walls , floor , and ceiling were no longer black , but white . 
 they went on until they converged into a single point . 
 a series of screens was set into the right wall , one about every three feet , seeming to continue as far as the hallway itself did . 
 the screen closest to him suddenly flickered with static ; then a moving image formed within its square , perfectly clear and crisp . 
 frypan stepped closer to get a better look . 
 a man , standing at a kitchen counter , his arm moving furiously as he mixes something in a bowl . 
 frypan is sitting on the floor , staring up at this man . 
 his ... dad . 
 the man turns to face frypan , a huge smile on his face . 
 `` these are going to be the best pancakes ever eaten by humans . 
 almost ready ! '' 
 frypan laughs . 
 the screen goes black . 
 frypan realizes this was his first memory , the earliest his mind can go back ; he was maybe three years old . 
 he is remembering his dad , his kind face full of love as he smiled and spoke . 
 frypan knows what to do next , reminds himself that it 's all imagined-this is how his brain has chosen to give him his life back . 
 he walks to the next screen . 
 he 's sitting in a small pool , splashing and shrieking , crying when too much water gets in his eyes . 
 warm hands reach down-a woman 's hands-and wipe his face ; then he begins all over again . 
 a ball is thrown in and he kicks it . 
 his mom 's body keeps appearing and disappearing in the background as she paces back and forth . 
 she 's just learned some awful news about the disease spreading across the world . 
 he does n't know how all this is so clear from just watching a few images . 
 but it is . 
 he moves on to the next screen . 
 a little older , helping his dad in the kitchen . 
 they 're making stew , chopping up all the veggies and meat . 
 his dad is crying . 
 frypan knows that his mom has been taken away for further testing , and that they 've said his dad will be next . 
 on to the next screen . 
 a man in a dark suit , standing by a car . 
 papers in his fist , a grave look on his face . 
 frypan is holding hands with his dad on the porch . 
 wicked has been formed , a joint venture of the world 's governments-those that survived the sun flares , an event that happened long before frypan was born . 
 wicked 's purpose is to study what is now known as the killzone , where the flare does its damage . 
 the brain . 
 frypan is immune . 
 others are immune . 
 less than one percent of the population , most of them under the age of twenty . 
 many people have developed hatred toward those who are immune , call them the munies and do terrible things out of jealousy . 
 wicked says they can protect frypan while they 're working toward a cure . 
 his dad says many things to him . 
 mostly that he loves him and is so glad that he 'll never go through the horrible things they 're seeing happen around the world . 
 madness and murder . 
 frypan has no reason to process or think too deeply about the returning memories . 
 they 're not like new revelations , things to which he should respond somehow . 
 they 've always been there , inside him . 
 he has already reacted to them . 
 he has been shaped by them . 
 he 's not learning . 
 he 's not experiencing . 
 he 's remembering . 
 he walks to the next screen , hungry to be himself again . 
 minho , phase 3 trial three days had passed since they 'd arrived on the bergs from the scorch , and minho was just about ready to go whacker . 
 he 'd been kept in a small dorm room with plenty of food and absolutely nothing to do . 
 counting the rows on the wallpaper and imagining faces in the swirly patterns of the ceiling had grown old . 
 and he 'd heard nothing about thomas or his other friends . 
 on the morning of the fourth day , the rat man showed up at his door with two armed guards . 
 `` follow me , '' he said . 
 `` no hugs and kisses ? '' 
 minho asked . 
 `` i 've missed your ugly face . '' 
 `` follow me or you 'll be fired upon . '' 
 not even a crack in his stone-hard expression . 
 minho sighed and did what he was told . 
 he was n't in the mood to be shot that day . 
 and if he was honest with himself , anything would be better than sitting in that room for one more second . 
 minho followed the rat man down a long hallway and then into a small chamber that led to several marked doors . 
 `` you 're in room number eight , '' the rat man announced . 
 he gestured to the door marked # 8 . 
 they stood in silence until minho asked , `` oh really ? 
 and what am i supposed to do in there ? '' 
 `` a simple test , '' the rat man answered . 
 `` nothing like the trials before , i assure you . 
 yours is probably the easiest of all the tests we 've created , and i think the shortest . 
 you will be asked one question and one question only , and the answer will consist of exactly one word . 
 sound simple enough ? '' 
 it sounded too simple . 
 `` you actually think i could ever trust you , shuckface ? '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the rat man asked . 
 minho shook his head . 
 `` i swear to god that if you do one more thing to me or my friends , i wo n't quit fighting until i 'm dead . '' 
 a smirk appeared on the man 's face , enraging minho even more . 
 `` i give you my word that your response alone will dictate what happens . 
 everything from this point on is voluntary . 
 the trials are over . '' 
 minho was so angry he almost shook . 
 he knew he had no choice but to do what he was told , and it drove him crazy . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 the rat man asked . 
 minho grunted . 
 he walked over to the door marked with an eight and opened it . 
 he was surprised-there was no fancy gadgetry , no complex machines . 
 it was just a small beige room with a single wooden chair in the middle of a brown-tiled floor . 
 a whiteboard hung on the opposite wall , and beside it stood a tall , muscular man dressed in green scrubs and a white lab coat . 
 he had perfectly combed black hair and the worst mustache minho had ever seen . 
 `` welcome , '' the man said . 
 `` my name is lincoln . 
 please have a seat , facing me . '' 
 curiosity took over . 
 minho sat in the chair , wondering what to do with his hands , until he finally folded them in his lap . 
 `` now please observe , '' lincoln said in a cold , clinical voice . 
 the man turned and started writing with his finger on the upper left hand corner of the board , his touch creating a bright red line as he moved . 
 the first word lincoln wrote was thomas . 
 then he moved down a few inches and wrote newt . 
 then down again and added frypan , and aris under that . 
 the man shifted to the right and wrote harriet in the upper corner on that side . 
 he moved down and wrote sonya . 
 then teresa . 
 then , to minho 's surprise , brenda . 
 when lincoln was finished , eight names were printed in red on the board , evenly spaced . 
 he turned to face minho once again . 
 `` do you confirm that you are aware of these eight individuals ? '' 
 lincoln asked . 
 minho rolled his eyes . 
 `` yeah , genius , i know them . 
 the rat said you 'd only ask me one question . 
 is that it ? '' 
 `` the actual experience exercise has not begun . 
 this is what we would call prep work . 
 please answer the preliminary question and then we will begin the test . 
 do you - '' `` yes ! '' 
 minho yelled . 
 `` i know them . 
 what now ? '' 
 lincoln showed no signs of being caught off guard . 
 he calmly responded , `` thank you for confirming . '' 
 his eyes flickered to one of the back corners of the ceiling ; minho turned to see what he was looking at . 
 a beetle blade was attached to the wall ; its red light made it impossible to miss . 
 minho could see the familiar scrawl of wicked painted on its body . 
 memories of the maze flooded in , and he shifted to face lincoln again . 
 of course they 'd be observing all this , he told himself . 
 but did they really have to use beetle blades ? 
 he had n't seen those since leaving the maze . 
 `` okay , we 're ready to begin , '' lincoln said loudly . 
 the man returned his full attention to minho . 
 `` as you 've been told , i 'm going to ask you one question and one question only . 
 your response should be limited to one word . 
 i 'll pose the question in ten seconds if you 're ready . '' 
 minho let out a small laugh to show how absurd the situation was , then nodded . 
 he was ready . 
 when the allotted time had passed , lincoln spoke in a grave voice that showed he meant every single word . 
 `` our doctors have determined that we need to dissect the brains of these subjects for a more in-depth study . 
 but we will allow you to spare one of them . 
 which person do you choose to save ? 
 that is your question . '' 
 * * * five full minutes passed . 
 minho sat in silence . 
 it could n't possibly be true . 
 did wicked really mean to cut his friends ' brains apart ? 
 `` minho , '' lincoln said , `` i need you to answer the question , but you can take some more time if you need to . 
 i know it must be difficult . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to answer your stupid question , '' minho replied , surprised at how much venom was captured in each word . 
 `` this is no game . 
 the people on this list have been used to their fullest extent , and the only value remaining is to study them physically . 
 your friends will have the honor of donating their lives to the noblest cause ever known to mankind . '' 
 minho said nothing , seething in his chair . 
 lincoln persisted . 
 `` be thankful that the psychs determined that this trial would be beneficial . 
 at least you get to save one of the people you care about . '' 
 minho broke eye contact and looked down at his hands . 
 he 'd been gripping the sides of his chair tightly , he realized . 
 spots swam before his eyes , blood pounded in his head-almost as if he could hear it running through his veins and to his heart . 
 of all the many times he 'd felt anger since entering the maze , it had never been like this . 
 never . 
 `` how much time would you - '' `` i do n't need any time ! '' 
 minho yelled before the man could finish . 
 `` i refuse to answer ! 
 if you even touch a single one of them , i swear ... '' `` i 'm afraid you have no choice in the matter , '' lincoln 's voice was firm , and he seemed unfazed . 
 `` times are desperate , and we need to complete this blueprint . 
 we need those brains for study . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you do it , '' minho said , suddenly calm . 
 `` if one of them gets hurt , i 'm done . 
 take your chances with me , do however many tests you need to , but leave them out of it . '' 
 `` that 's simply not an option , minho . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 we need you to make this choice . 
 and we 're willing to take whatever actions necessary to ... encourage you to continue volunteering . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 the lines of lincoln 's jaw tightened . 
 `` it means what it means . 
 now which of these names do you choose ? '' 
 `` i choose all of them , '' minho said . 
 `` you can choose only one . '' 
 `` all of them . '' 
 `` one and one only . '' 
 `` all . '' 
 lincoln took a step forward . 
 `` i 'll ask it a final time before taking further measures . 
 which of your friends do you want to save ? '' 
 `` every single one . '' 
 lincoln rushed forward and grabbed minho by the shirt , pulling him to his feet . 
 `` you will choose , now ! '' 
 minho was terrified , but he ignored it . 
 `` all ! '' 
 lincoln reared back with his right hand , formed a fist , and punched minho in the face . 
 pain burst through his head as he fell to the floor . 
 lights seemed to flash along the brown tiles a few inches from his eyes . 
 lincoln grabbed him and pulled him back up , turned him around so they were facing each other once again . 
 his strength was ridiculous ; minho had no chance . 
 `` which name do you choose ? '' 
 lincoln asked him . 
 minho 's face felt broken and he tasted blood , but he refused to give up . 
 `` i wo n't choose ! '' 
 he spat a wad of red goo onto lincoln 's face . 
 the man did n't flinch ; he punched minho again , but held him up this time so he could n't fall . 
 another explosion of pain , more lights . 
 `` minho , '' lincoln said with insulting calm . 
 `` which of the names do you choose ? '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' minho forced out . 
 lincoln punched him on the other cheek . 
 again . 
 then again . 
 minho 's head felt like needles and mush . 
 `` make a choice . '' 
 lincoln spoke between heavier breaths now . 
 `` which one of the names do you choose ? '' 
 minho did n't get it , could n't comprehend how this could all be necessary . 
 the confusion just made him even angrier and more stubborn . 
 `` all of them , '' he said , ashamed of how it came out , nothing but a whimper . 
 `` we can do this all day , '' lincoln said . 
 `` we 're not leaving and i 'm not stopping until you give me an answer . 
 all you have to do is say one name . 
 just say it ! 
 now , which one ! 
 say it ! '' 
 `` all of them , you slinthead shuck-faced piece of klunk . '' 
 minho smiled . 
 lincoln showed the slightest hint of surprise on his face , but recovered almost as quickly as he had slipped up . 
 he stepped back , smoothed out his clothes . 
 `` the test is over , '' the man said . 
 `` you 're free to go . '' 
 stunned and battered , minho remained speechless as the guards came into the room and escorted him back to his dorm . 
