 1 the breeze that wafts by me is deceptive . 
 it carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals . 
 marron believes the herb will lift our mood and help us all forget we 're living in a cave . 
 like that 's possible . 
 the sage does not mask the reek of illness and brackish water . 
 it does nothing against the cold in here . 
 cold that is bone-cracking . 
 skin-splitting . 
 nor does the sage have any effect on the darkness , darkness so complete it sucks you under like a riptide , pressing the air out of your lungs and teasing nightmares from your imagination . 
 the sage does not keep me from seeing stone walls everywhere i look , rough and gouged surfaces , like meat clawed from an animal . 
 there is no forgetting where we are . 
 no amount of good smell can take my mind off this cold , stale grave , or the aether that 's put us here by destroying the world outside . 
 i look around me , at the dweller cavern where i am stuck helping molly . 
 this place is the most desperate of all . 
 `` help me , '' someone rasps behind me . 
 `` water , '' moans another voice off in the shadows . 
 the sounds of the dwellers wheezing and moaning have not ceased since i arrived . 
 they are sick . 
 every one of them is struggling to survive out here , out of their home , the dweller pod . 
 i kneel by a young dweller girl wrapped in wool blankets . 
 she is around my sister 's age , eight , and has a complexion as gray as ash . 
 her eyes are rolling back with fever and she looks a little monstrous , but i ca n't make myself care . 
 my sister has been back less than a day . 
 i should be with clara instead of this stranger . 
 seeing her sorry condition , i do n't even bother trying to give her water . 
 if i do , it 'll just run down the side of her face , like it did for the last three people before her . 
 so i stand and move on to the next dweller . 
 `` everything all right , brooke ? '' 
 molly calls from across the cavern . 
 i stop mid-stride , the jug sloshing a few drops onto my hand . 
 `` yes , molly . 
 everything 's great . '' 
 i 'm sure my disgust for the dwellers is apparent on my face . 
 `` just trying to figure out which one of them looks the worst . 
 it 's not easy to do . '' 
 twelve hours ago , the moles arrived on a ship with perry and his new toy , aria . 
 the dwellers were forty-some in number . 
 none has succumbed to illness yet and died , as far as i know . 
 when they first saw us , every one of them looked terrified , like they expected us to roast them alive for supper . 
 i enjoyed that moment . 
 not even an hour later , the first dwellers fell ill with fever . 
 and then it was like an avalanche of illness as they dropped off , one after another , until they were all teetering on the edge of consciousness . 
 molly had them brought back here , to this isolated cavern in the deeper recesses of the cave , to sweat and moan and fight for their lives . 
 gren told me most of this , because i left right after their arrival . 
 the dwellers were n't the only ones who came from their pod on the hover . 
 my sister , clara , did too . 
 as soon as i set eyes on her , i did n't see anything else . 
 clara had been gone for a year , and i had missed her every single day she was gone . 
 `` just keep going in order , '' molly says to me now . 
 `` take them one at a time . 
 they all need help . '' 
 i glance around me at the shivering , sickly bundles . 
 what they need is a miracle . 
 `` why do we keep giving them water if they just throw it back up ? '' 
 `` because they 'll dehydrate otherwise . '' 
 `` but they 're not keeping it down . '' 
 molly rises from the dweller she 's been helping and comes over . 
 she grunts a little as she kneels at my side . 
 with the added work and the moisture in the cave , her joints are bothering her more than usual . 
 `` they might keep a little down , '' she says . 
 `` we have to hope for that . '' 
 she studies the dweller before her-a girl my age-and her face softens with sympathy . 
 the girl is delicate as a bird , with short black hair that spikes up like the leaves of an artichoke . 
 her green skin color only enhances the resemblance . 
 like that of all the dwellers around me , her immune system collapsed . 
 she looks ready for a burial at sea . 
 `` her name is rune . '' 
 molly runs a hand over the girl 's head , smoothing down her hair . 
 `` i spoke with her briefly when she stirred a little while ago . 
 she 's one of aria 's friends . '' 
 i ca n't believe she touches them . 
 `` and you 're telling me this why ? '' 
 molly 's amber eyes find mine . 
 she shakes her head slightly , but her expression is kind . 
 `` you could make more of an effort , brooke . '' 
 `` i 'm making an effort , molly . 
 many efforts , in fact . 
 i 'm giving them water . 
 i 'm holding buckets while they retch . 
 you know the boy ? 
 the burly one-soren ? 
 he vomited on me ten minutes ago . 
 spewed on me . 
 look at my sleeve . '' 
 i hold it out , showing her . 
 how much more am i supposed to do ? 
 i left my sister 's side to be here . 
 molly watches me like she 's not sure if she wants to say something else . 
 i notice the lines around her eyes . 
 her face holds a sheen of perspiration , a few heavier drops beading over her thin lips . 
 she 's exhausted . 
 she 's been here since the dwellers came in . 
 i wish she did n't care so much about everyone . 
 it 's sucking the life out of her . 
 her attention shifts , her eyes twinkling with reflected lamplight as they take in the feverish dwellers around the cavern . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 molly pushes a strand of hair away from her face and lets out a long sigh . 
 `` we need to find another way to handle this . 
 i 'd better have a talk with marron to see what else we might do . '' 
 with a muffled groan , she stands . 
 `` you 'll need to stay here alone for a few minutes . '' 
 she hesitates . 
 `` try to be nice , brooke ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll try , '' i grumble , though i 'll do no such thing . 
 people who try to be nice are false . 
 they 're liars . 
 you should never force your behavior to be a certain way . 
 you should just be . 
 maybe it 's not going to be nice , but at least it 'll be honest . 
 `` when you get back , can i go ? 
 i want to see my sister . '' 
 i ca n't get enough of clara . 
 she 's changed so much in a year . 
 not just in the way she looks-taller , thinner , and older . 
 she talks like the dwellers now , all sharp-edged . 
 she even moves like them , a little hesitant , a little poised . 
 i need to draw that out of her . 
 `` you 'll see her again soon . 
 we all have to pull our weight around here , and do n't forget that it was the dwellers who brought clara back . '' 
 `` it was the dwellers who took her . '' 
 `` her abduction was more than just their doing . '' 
 i ca n't disagree with that . 
 vale , perry 's brother , was as responsible for clara 's abduction as the dwellers were . 
 even more so , since he was our blood lord . 
 it was his responsibility to protect us , but what did he do ? 
 he sold my sister and he sold his own son , talon . 
 for food . 
 then he tried to frame perry for it . 
 i 'm not the only one of the tides who still has a hard time accepting how crooked vale was . 
 it 's strange how you can know something-know the pointy , sharp truth-but still want to bend and blunt the edges so it fits better in your mind . 
 molly gives me a wink and walks away , knowing she 's won our little debate . 
 when she 's gone , i kneel next to soren . 
 i found out from molly earlier that he was helping aria inside the pod . 
 i should dislike him for that , but he 's the healthiest one here , so he 's my favorite . 
 even though he soaked my sleeve . 
 `` if i give you water again , will you keep it down this time ? '' 
 i ask , seeing that his eyes are open . 
 barely , but they are . 
 `` ca n't make any promises , '' soren rasps . 
 he 's kidding around , which is another reason he 's my favorite . 
 this place is hell . 
 if you can joke in here , then you can make light of just about anything . 
 `` well , aim to the side this time , all right ? '' 
 he nods and parts his lips . 
 i bring the water to them and pour it in slowly . 
 he 's sallow and sweaty , but he would n't be bad-looking if he were n't a dweller . 
 he has a strong face , with a heavy brow and eyes that look like they do n't miss much , even in their glazed , sickly state . 
 all the dwellers are fair , with no wrinkles or scars or blemishes . 
 i guess those qualities were done away with in the pods . 
 i feel very lucky that i look as good as they do-or better , actually-just by plain good fortune . 
 i can tell soren is taking small , careful sips so as to keep the water down . 
 `` what 's your name again ? '' 
 he croaks when he 's finished . 
 `` not telling you again . '' 
 all i need is forty dwellers moaning `` brooke '' to me all day long . 
 drinking has made soren out of breath . 
 he 's panting a little when he says , `` outside ... what 's happening ? '' 
 `` aether . 
 lots of it . '' 
 his eyes narrow like he 's trying to picture the sky outside , and a small worry line appears on his brow . 
 `` how are we going to - '' `` there 's nothing you can do to help , '' i assure him , `` especially in your pathetic condition , so just go back to sleep . '' 
 i get up and move on to the next person . 
 molly says i 'm not making enough of an effort with these people , but i really do n't think she 's been paying attention . 
 my path through the cavern is methodical . 
 and targeted . 
 i work my way toward aria , who i 've avoided until now . 
 i did n't want molly watching me around her . 
 i did n't want to feel like she was policing me . 
 like she thought i might hurt aria . 
 being suspected of that would streak me , even though the idea of doing her harm does hold some appeal . 
 it takes me ten minutes to reach aria 's side . 
 glancing around to make sure no one is watching me , i kneel next to her , moving as quietly as i can . 
 she is in a deep sleep or maybe unconscious , but she is an aud . 
 i do n't want to take any chances that i 'll wake her . 
 as i look her over , my heart starts thudding and my face warms with anger . 
 her right arm is bandaged , but blood seeps through the wrap , staining the white gauze with bright red spots . 
 her arm was shot , apparently . 
 it 's becoming infected , apparently . 
 i should feel bad for her , i suppose . 
 i do n't . 
 she looks good for someone who 's wounded . 
 that actually is apparent . 
 her hair is as black as the darkness around me but still shines like a diamond . 
 her skin is as pale as the moon , and she breathes like an aud . 
 soundlessly . 
 elegantly . 
 gently . 
 i am blond and strong and loud and determined , and no one will ever call me elegant . 
 no one will ever see me as gentle . 
 she is everything i 'm not . 
 and perry chose her . 
 over me . 
 i let out a slow , shaky breath . 
 leaning closer to her , i picture perry kissing her . 
 coals heat in my stomach , warming with every second that passes . 
 the heat becomes unbearable ; i nearly expect to see a glow through my shirt . 
 i ca n't stand it anymore and have to let it out . 
 words pour from my lips . 
 `` you probably ca n't hear me , '' i whisper , `` but i hate you . 
 i hate that you took away who i love . 
 he was mine and we were happy until you came along . 
 maybe you think you fixed that by bringing clara back , but you did n't . 
 perry should be mine . 
 not yours . '' 
 i sit back on my heels . 
 the coals are still sizzling inside me . 
 that did n't make me feel any better . 
 footsteps close in behind me . 
 my heart almost leaps out of my throat as i whirl and see a figure emerging from the shadows . 
 perry . 
 i thank the skies he 's not an aud or he 'd have heard everything i just said . 
 then i remember that he is a scire , and two thoughts spring into my head : he will know my hateful feelings toward aria , and he will smell vomit on me . 
 standing , i pull my sleeve behind my back and summon my happiest memory in hopes of softening the bitterness i 'm certain is in my temper . 
 clara 's giggle comes to mind . 
 the burbling sound my sister makes when she laughs-hopefully preserved despite her time with the dwellers-is all i can come up with , but it 's enough to make me smile . 
 perry stops in front of me , but his eyes hold on aria for a beat . 
 his hair is pulled back , with the shorter strands pinned behind his ear . 
 `` hey , brooke . '' 
 `` hey , per . '' 
 i 'm relieved that i sound calm . 
 his weight settles to one hip as he looks around . 
 `` does n't look like there 's been much improvement . '' 
 my eyes stray to his narrow waist and then to the dusty leather pants that skim his long , muscular legs . 
 he is nineteen now , and the only boy left in him is his ranginess . 
 the leanness that makes him look even taller than he is . 
 i take in his crooked nose , his steep cheekbones . 
 the bright green of his unrelenting eyes . 
 he is weathered and softened like a seashell . 
 beautiful in the exact opposite way of the plain perfectness of the dwellers . 
 he looks back at me , waiting for me to respond . 
 i want to say that he improved this place the second he appeared . 
 it 's the kind of thing i would have said once . 
 but i just say , `` not really . 
 if anything , they 're worse . '' 
 `` how is she doing ? '' 
 he asks , tipping his chin . 
 the coals in my stomach crackle with heat . 
 while i 've been mooning over how beautiful he is , he 's been thinking about aria . 
 i 'm losing to a girl who 's unconscious . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 an hour ago , molly and marron huddled by aria as they discussed her injury , but i was n't listening . 
 all i know is that the wound seems to be festering , but that 's true for many things around here . 
 perry lets out a slow breath , and his focus settles on me squarely . 
 he is no longer thinking about aria . 
 he is thinking about me . 
 i know because a shadow falls over his eyes and he suddenly looks guilty . 
 maybe even a little worried . 
 `` take a walk with me , brooke ? '' 
 i did n't expect that . 
 `` i ca n't right now , '' i blurt . 
 all i 've wanted for months is time alone with him , but now i find myself trying to escape it . 
 `` molly wanted me to - '' `` i just saw her . 
 she 's sending marron and a few others over . 
 she said you 're free to go . '' 
 `` oh . 
 all right . '' 
 as we walk out , i 'm glad he 's in front of me so i can try to gather myself . 
 i know nothing is going to happen between us , but it does n't appear that my body is aware of this . 
 my pulse races , and anticipation curls through me . 
 it 's a familiar feeling . 
 six months ago we 'd sneak into this cave , roar and liv trailing behind us , and i would land in perry 's arms . 
 `` brooke , '' he says , turning suddenly . 
 we are somewhere in one of the jagged corridors that weave through the caverns inside the mountain . 
 there 's a lantern far ahead , but the light is dim . 
 i can only see the soft glint of the blood lord chain at perry 's neck . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 sounds bounce around in all this rock , and though he is two paces away , it feels as though he whispered the question right into my ear . 
 gooseflesh prickles the skin on my arms . 
 `` clara 's back . 
 liv is dead . 
 how do you think i am ? '' 
 it 's a rude comment , but i do n't know what else to say . 
 he rejected me . 
 does he really expect me to confide in him ? 
 and i do n't know why he 's asking me that question , anyway . 
 if anyone knows how i am , it 's perry . 
 his nephew , talon , was missing just like clara . 
 and liv was his sister . 
 he lost her too . 
 there are no words to describe the emotions colliding inside me . 
 my friend is gone ; my sister is back . 
 i am scalding and yet i 'm chilled to the bone . 
 i am angry . 
 i am sadder than i 've ever been in my life . 
 my emotions rise and fall like the stoop and soar of a hawk . 
 i am scared . 
 i am alone . 
 i do n't know what i am , and i miss him , and he should n't ask me that question , because he knows . 
 he can scent it . 
 he is living it . 
 he is breathing my pain . 
 perry lets out a slow breath . 
 `` can i do anything ? '' 
 `` you have enough to do . '' 
 `` i care about you , brooke . '' 
 `` no , you do n't . 
 i know who you care about . '' 
 i point to the dweller cavern . 
 `` she 's in there . '' 
 i do n't want to say any of this . 
 there are times i wish i had a cork to stopper my mouth . 
 perry takes a step closer , his voice growing softer and quieter . 
 `` aria and i are together , and that 's not going to change . 
 but i want us to change . 
 i want us to move past this . '' 
 `` there is no us anymore , peregrine . 
 you made sure of that . '' 
 i ca n't look into his worried eyes for another second , so i stare at the links of his chain . 
 i want to wrap my fingers around it and pull his mouth down to mine . 
 i want to feel his lips . 
 his tongue . 
 his body . 
 it makes no sense . 
 he broke my heart and i still want him so much . 
 how is that possible ? 
 maybe i caught the dwellers ' fever . 
 maybe i 'm delirious . 
 we are quiet for a long , long stretch that 's probably only seconds . 
 but i ca n't leave and he ca n't leave , and every time he speaks , i feel worse . 
 `` brooke ... you 're one of the best people i know , '' he says softly , breaking our silence . 
 the words fall like frost on my skin . 
 `` am i , perry ? 
 that 's great to know . '' 
 i step forward . 
 he does n't back away . 
 i have to tilt my head up to see into his eyes . 
 we 're only inches apart . 
 not as close as i want us to be . 
 `` well , you know what ? 
 you 're one of the best blood lords i know . 
 how does it feel to be almost the best ? '' 
 silence . 
 a muscle flexes in his jaw , but he does n't speak . 
 `` it 's a bit like not being good enough at all , is n't it ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` you 're twisting my words . 
 that 's not what i meant to - '' `` it is , perry . 
 it is what you meant . 
 admit it . 
 i 'm not good enough for you . '' 
 before he can say another word , i spin and head into the darkness . 
 i do n't even bother trying to walk . 
 i run . 
 my feet strike the hard stone ground at a reckless pace , but i do n't hear a sound . 
 not my footfalls , or my own breathing . 
 there is only a desperate plea , filling my thoughts . 
 get out of my heart , perry . 
 please . 
 get out of my heart . 
 2 with the hours i spent helping molly , i missed supper with my sister . 
 that streaks me more than anything else has today . 
 my stomach rumbles loudly with hunger , like it 's demanding to be heard . 
 i imagine it taunting me : you thought vomit and brokenheartedness was all ? 
 foolish of you . 
 i want to find clara , but first i make a quick detour to the cluttered cavern that serves as our kitchen , grateful to find a leftover piece of bread . 
 it 's burnt and so hard it feels like a log , but it 's food . 
 i pull the dagger from my belt and cut the center , then wedge a thick slice of goat cheese inside . 
 i head for the main cavern , managing not to chip any teeth as i wolf down my meager meal . 
 when we found out we 'd be moving from the tide compound to this cave , marron took it upon himself to make it as livable as possible . 
 he had a wooden platform installed at the center of the main cavern-a raised dais , about a foot and a half tall and forty feet square . 
 his idea was that people needed a smooth place to sit and eat . 
 it seemed like a lot of trouble to go to at the time , but he was right to have it built . 
 it 's the area where the tribe gathers now . 
 the platform always has at least a dozen people sitting on it and along its perimeter . 
 it 's where we socialize and spend our free time-what little we have of it . 
 the platform is my first stop in my search to find clara , and i 'm smiling before i even get there . 
 just thinking about my sister makes me forget perry 's you 're one of the best people comment . 
 `` brooke ! '' 
 gren calls out . 
 he stands to the left of the platform . 
 gren is one of the six . 
 the three seer brothers are with him as well . 
 twig is n't here-he 's away with roar-and reef is absent too , probably off growling at someone about something . 
 so at this very moment , the six are actually the four . 
 despite being relatively young , the six are harder-edged than the men born into my tribe . 
 `` borderland tough , '' my father says of them . 
 fighters to the core . 
 they used to be a wandering pack that had no allegiance to a blood lord . 
 they 'd still be in the borderlands if it were n't for perry , who won their loyalty and brought them into the tides . 
 perry is like that . 
 always gathering strays . 
 i see evidence of it everywhere . 
 in marron and the six . 
 in the dwellers . 
 even in a mutt like flea . 
 perry never turns anyone away . 
 only me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i walk up to them , resting a hand on my hip . 
 from the corner of my eye , i see bread crumbs on my chest , so i brush them off . 
 hyde 's cheeks turn radish red as a blush creeps over them . 
 hayden and straggler start elbowing each other . 
 gren 's smile widens , his eyes leaving my face and straying downward . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 gren and hayden are in their twenties , unlike hyde and straggler , who are closer to my age of nineteen , but they all behave as though they are twelve . 
 collectively . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 i ask gren . 
 `` you , brooke , '' he says immediately . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 here we go . 
 `` i do too , '' says hayden . 
 `` i 'm desperate for you . '' 
 `` do n't listen to them , brooke , '' says hyde . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` i need you the most , '' says straggler , the youngest brother . 
 `` keep out of this , boy-man . 
 you do n't know anything about women . '' 
 `` that 's why i need her the most ! 
 teach me , brooke ! '' 
 i let them go on for a little while . 
 i like the six . 
 i 've known every male in the tides since i was born , and i 'm related to almost half of them , so it 's fun having new boys around . 
 they joke constantly , but i 've fought alongside them and i trust them . 
 they might be a little crass , but they respect me . 
 i 'd beat them blue if they did n't . 
 `` have you seen my sister ? '' 
 i say , cutting them off . 
 silence falls over them . 
 their smiles fade , and they look at one another like i 've just given them a complicated problem to solve . 
 thankfully , bear , who is sitting nearby , overhears . 
 `` with your parents , '' he calls over . 
 `` they 've taken her to bed . '' 
 `` see you , '' i say to the six . 
 i head to the tucked-away section of the main cavern where we have tents set up , hoping i 'll catch clara before she falls asleep . 
 gren jogs up beside me , so silent he 's almost at my side before i notice him . 
 his ruddy , wavy hair looks like hammered copper in the dimness . 
 he is the biggest joker of the six . 
 when there 's mischief happening , he 's usually at the helm , so i 'm almost smiling before he speaks . 
 `` something came up on the afternoon patrol . 
 intruders were spotted . '' 
 a little surge of adrenaline shoots through me . 
 i stop . 
 `` intruders ? '' 
 gren 's mouth is set in a grim line . 
 he nods . 
 `` a small group of people . 
 well inside the northeast border . '' 
 `` who ? 
 how many ? '' 
 `` do n't know for sure . 
 maybe three or four . 
 morgan and pierce were out there . 
 they did n't get a good look . '' 
 morgan and pierce are n't seers . 
 their vision is half as powerful as mine . 
 i would have seen everything . 
 i should have been there this afternoon instead of serving water to moles . 
 when we moved to this cave , we gave up the tide compound , but this is still our territory . 
 we still protect our land . 
 we have to defend our food and our shelter ; we ca n't afford to lose either . 
 gren 's news could mean real trouble . 
 strangers on tide land could mean a raid . 
 `` does perry know ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` reef 's telling him now . 
 we 're going out for a closer look tonight . 
 you free ? '' 
 there 's a big part of me that wants nothing more than to curl up next to my sister and fall asleep . 
 but i 'm a tider . 
 this tribe is my family , and i 'll do anything to protect it . 
 `` give me a little time to see clara , but i 'll be there . '' 
 gren smiles . 
 `` great . '' 
 he walks away , then pauses and turns back . 
 `` i told you we needed you . '' 
 slipping through the heavy canvas flaps of our family 's tent , i find my mother and sister sitting on bed pads on the floor . 
 mother is brushing clara 's hair , and they 're both facing me , their faces glowing with light from the lamp that rests on the small crate beside them . 
 though they look alike , like mother and daughter , like me , with large blue seer 's eyes and heart-shaped faces , their expressions could n't be more different . 
 my mother is smiling . 
 she was talking , as she pulled the brush through clara 's long hair , until i entered . 
 now her hand has stilled , and her excited , joyful face is lifted to me . 
 for the past year , i listened to her cry every night . 
 i wondered if she 'd ever be happy again . 
 i wondered if she 'd ever stop . 
 i wo n't be here tonight , but i know she wo n't cry . 
 her daughter is back . 
 her little girl . 
 her sunbeam , as she calls clara . 
 and clara is a sunbeam . 
 bright and golden and cheerful . 
 the child whose shrieks of laughter could always be heard in the compound . 
 the one who always ran from one place to another , never walking . 
 never doing anything without an extra kick of energy . 
 the girl whose hair is being combed does n't look golden or cheerful anymore . 
 clara 's face still has baby-fat roundness , but her blue eyes are serious , adult eyes . 
 i glimpse the fearful , lost look in them just before she covers up with a smile . 
 `` hi , brookie , '' she says , a sunbeam again . 
 so bright she is blinding . 
 so bright you ca n't even see her . 
 i cross to my mother and plant a kiss on top of her head . 
 she laughs . 
 `` what 's that for ? '' 
 i do n't hand out affection easily . 
 `` just because . '' 
 because i want to keep you happy . 
 i hold out my hand . 
 `` can i take over ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 my mother gives me the brush and scoots away . 
 `` i 'm going to get us some water and a few more blankets . 
 it 's going to be cooler tonight . '' 
 it 's not . 
 the temperature in here does n't fluctuate . 
 it 's always uncomfortably cool . 
 but i know she wants everything to be perfect for clara 's first night back . 
 mother pauses at the tent flap , looking from me to clara . 
 the love in her eyes is so strong it feels like an embrace . 
 `` my beautiful girls , '' she says , and then slips out . 
 i sit behind clara and pull the brush through her hair , letting the silence settle . 
 people are bedding down in the tents around us . 
 with each drag of the bristles through my sister 's butter-blond hair , the sounds of footsteps and voices grow quieter . 
 `` do you miss liv ? '' 
 clara asks . 
 her voice is so soft i almost ca n't hear her . 
 i do n't know how she learned about liv . 
 from talon ? 
 from mother ? 
 and what else does she know that will surprise me ? 
 once , i could anticipate everything clara said and did . 
 a year apart has changed that . 
 `` yes . 
 i do miss her , '' i answer . 
 `` but are you going to be all right ? 
 without her , i mean ? '' 
 my eyes well up . 
 clara is the only one who has asked me that . 
 everyone else is too worried about the aether , or about the dwellers , or about cinder and roar . 
 `` you 're back , clara . 
 so , yes . 
 i will be . '' 
 `` i should be too . 
 because i 'm back . '' 
 i set the brush down on my lap . 
 what she is n't saying is much louder than what she is saying . 
 i ca n't pretend i do n't know what she means . 
 `` but you are n't , are you ? '' 
 clara shakes her head . 
 a lump rises in my throat . 
 `` why , sweetie ? '' 
 her narrow little shoulders shrug . 
 it was a stupid question anyway . 
 clara was n't harmed in reverie . 
 the dwellers treated her well enough , it seems . 
 but she was taken away from us for a year and made into a test subject . 
 now we 've gotten her back , but the world is burning , the sky is one great blanket of aether , and we 're living in a rotten , dark , horrible cave . 
 clara is n't the only one who has changed in the past year . 
 the tides have . 
 everything has . 
 she has every reason in the world to be scared and lost . 
 `` have you told mom ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 clara shakes her head violently , and i know we 're thinking the same way . 
 the least she can do-the least either of us can do-is spare our parents any more pain . 
 they have suffered enough . 
 it 's the same reason i have n't told my mother how i hurt over losing liv . 
 how i ache whenever i see perry . 
 how i even miss stupid , irresistible roar , who should be here . 
 roar is exasperating , but at least he 'd understand what i 'm going through . 
 but he 's not here . 
 my closest friend is dead . 
 roar is away . 
 perry has chosen another . 
 there are no other options for me . 
 i ca n't turn to anyone else . 
 we are all hurting and missing people . 
 everyone is scared , so you ca n't talk about your worries because worries are everywhere . 
 when everyone you know is on the verge of drowning , you do n't stop to tell the person next to you that you do n't like swimming . 
 you just do n't . 
 i set the brush aside and wrap my arms around clara . 
 she is bigger than i remember , but she still feels so small . 
 i pull her close and she curls against me , turning so i can see her face . 
 clara 's wide eyes look up at me . 
 beautiful seer eyes . 
 i know what she 's feeling . 
 she 's lost , but i 'll help her . 
 i 'll be anything she needs me to be . 
 `` it 'll be fine , clara . 
 you 're here . 
 we 're together . 
 i promise nothing will ever happen to you again . '' 
 that seems to calm her , so i keep saying it . 
 over and over . 
 gradually , i feel some of the tension seep out of her rigid little back , and she relaxes , her weight settling more fully on me . 
 i press my nose to her forehead and breathe in her sweet smell . 
 i have n't seen a strawberry in weeks , but somehow my sister smells of them . 
 it 's her natural fragrance ; even perry and liv always said so . 
 she is a sunbeam that smells of strawberries . 
 everything to me . 
 i kiss her head and hold her tighter . 
 `` i missed you so much . '' 
 clara does n't reply . 
 she has already fallen asleep . 
 i hold her for a while longer , feeling grateful . 
 so grateful she is here . 
 and then , like a landslide that begins with a small pebble , my mind turns to perry , and then to liv , and then to roar , and finally to how the four of us used to be . 
 i used to feel so carefree and alive when we were together . 
 lighter than air . 
 now when i think of them , i feel only the heavy , hot coals in my stomach . 
 i have to change this . 
 i ca n't do anything about liv or roar , but i have to let go of perry . 
 i do n't want him to take up space in my mind any longer . 
 i need to be strong so i can help clara . 
 i decide right then : i 'll do whatever it takes to put peregrine behind me . 
 i am moving on . 
 starting now . 
 3 when my mother returns , i help her tuck clara in . 
 then i tell her i 'm going out on night watch . 
 she understands . 
 she does n't ask questions like my father would if he were here . 
 father would insist on coming with me . 
 he was a great warrior once , but now he 's older , and i 'm faster and sharper without him . 
 i grab my bow and quiver , kiss clara and mom good-bye , and jog out to the main cavern before he arrives . 
 most everyone has gone to the tents to sleep . 
 only a few lamps still burn around the perimeter of the platform , illuminating a dozen stray people . 
 i spot a tall figure holding a bow , and my heartbeat stutters . 
 then he rises to his feet , and i see that it 's just hyde . 
 he joins me , flicking the blond fringe out of his eyes . 
 `` you 're with me tonight . 
 the others headed out ten minutes ago . '' 
 hyde is the middle brother of the seers . 
 i rarely see him without hayden or straggler . 
 `` you were left behind by straggler ? '' 
 i ask . 
 hyde smiles . 
 `` it happens . '' 
 he shifts the bow and quiver on his shoulder . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` yes , hyde . 
 i am ready . '' 
 since i made my decision about perry , i 'm feeling much more optimistic . 
 i am finished with grief and rejection . 
 tonight i 'm not just driving away intruders from tide territory . 
 i 'm driving away unwelcome , unhealthy , unhappy thoughts . 
 i 'm reclaiming the territory of my mind and heart . 
 we leave the cave , trading the smell of sage and standing water for the outside smells : burning forest mixed with fresh ocean scent , and that peculiar prickle of the aether , which is n't a scent so much as a creeping , crawling sensation over your skin . 
 it 's much brighter outside , thanks to the aether churning in glowing blue eddies above us . 
 that sight used to send us running for the shelter of our homes . 
 now we are accustomed to it . 
 now we live in a cave . 
 `` fierce , '' hyde says , his eyes on the sky . 
 `` i 'll protect you . '' 
 `` i would n't be here if i did n't believe that . '' 
 his tone is light , but i know he means it . 
 i might not be six and a half feet tall or weigh two hundred pounds , but i fight as well as any of the six . 
 we cross the small strip of sand to the switchback path that climbs to the bluff above . 
 hyde 's bow bounces gently on his wide back as he walks . 
 it 's a beautiful bow , fashioned from a slender , straw-colored piece of yew . 
 it matches hyde . 
 his build and his hair . 
 an expert bow for an expert archer . 
 hyde is one of the best , like me . 
 i smile to myself . 
 my plan is working . 
 already perry 's words do n't hurt as much . 
 we crest the bluff and head due east , following the route reef described to hyde earlier . 
 then we walk an hour and a half until we reach the top of the gentle slope , which affords a clear view of the easternmost border of tide land . 
 this area is one of the few places in our territory that has n't succumbed to fires from aether storms , and the oak trees along this ridge are majestic and ancient . 
 hyde and i settle on a fallen branch that 's as large as an ordinary tree . 
 we can see miles away-toward our eastern border . 
 if there are intruders crossing into tide land , we 'll spot them from here . 
 now there 's nothing left to do except that all-important job of being a sentry-waiting . 
 before us , the valley slopes down to a grass clearing woven through by a line of trees that follow a dry creek bed . 
 my eyes wander to the largest tree . 
 the first time with perry was there . 
 that night comes back to me with perfect clarity , and my face warms as i remember how he looked and how i felt . 
 how we were both trembling and trying not to laugh in our fumbling , breathless eagerness . 
 then my memories sink deeper , and i am with liv earlier that night . 
 she 'd pulled me behind the cookhouse after supper . 
 `` i love him , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 roar and i are ready . '' 
 that was the moment i decided perry and i were ready too . 
 `` brooke , you two do n't have to just because we are , '' liv said . 
 `` i love him too , '' i told her . 
 liv just stared at me , and i remember thinking , she knows . 
 she knows perry does n't love me . 
 she would scent it , as a scire . 
 know it , as his sister . 
 it was the kind of thought that flew like a sparrow through my mind . 
 there and gone . 
 i did n't want to trap it and examine it then . 
 perry and i were happy . 
 we had fun together . 
 and i wanted to believe that fun would lead to better things . 
 deeper feelings between us . 
 so i hoped . 
 it 's strange now to think the four of us lost our virginity on the same night . 
 it 's the sort of thing that would reinforce the dwellers ' view of us as savages , if they knew . 
 but i would n't have had the courage any other way . 
 i knew perry would never hurt me . 
 even if he did n't love me the way i loved him , he cared for me . 
 and i wanted to keep us all together , our paths heading in the same direction . 
 my world was perfect when i was with roar , liv , and perry . 
 all i ever wanted was for us to stay the way we were . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what happened . '' 
 hyde 's voice pulls me from my memories , thankfully . 
 i 'm doing a rotten job at moving forward . 
 `` with liv , '' he elaborates . 
 he turns toward me slightly . 
 his legs seem so much longer than mine . 
 like they go on forever . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . '' 
 i guess i was wrong about no one caring how i feel about liv . 
 `` thanks ... it feels like i lost her a long time ago , though . '' 
 `` when she left for rim ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 in a way , i 've been grieving for liv since she left to marry sable , the northern blood lord she was betrothed to . 
 the day she walked out of the tide compound , i knew i 'd probably never see her again . 
 the difference is that now i 'm sure of it . 
 a lump rises in my throat . 
 i should n't say anything more . 
 but the way hyde is watching me , like he really wants to know , to listen to me , makes me feel safe . 
 `` we did everything together . 
 me and perry and roar and liv . 
 the cave ? 
 we used to sneak out of the compound and go there , the four of us . 
 just to get away from the tribe and be alone . '' 
 `` i heard that , '' hyde says . 
 i stare at him , questions flitting through my mind . 
 what exactly did he hear ? 
 from who ? 
 `` reef mentioned something about it once , '' he rushes to say . 
 it 's a poor cover-up . 
 reef is the last person in the world who would discuss something so trivial . 
 hyde just does n't want me to feel gossiped about , but i do n't really care . 
 people gossip . 
 i 'm guilty of it too . 
 but unlike hyde , i never pass up a good teasing opportunity when i see one . 
 `` reef was telling stories about the adventures liv , perry , roar , and i had in the cave ? '' 
 `` maybe it was gren or hayden . '' 
 `` or twig or straggler ? '' 
 `` er ... yeah . '' 
 hyde grins sheepishly , knowing i 've caught him . 
 `` one of those . '' 
 he has a softer-looking face than perry , i notice . 
 his nose and jaw are more sweeping than starkly cut . 
 kindness rests easily in his eyes . 
 `` it was a long time ago , '' i say lightly . 
 only six months , actually , but i do n't want to look like i 'm stuck in the past . 
 `` we used to think it was the greatest place . 
 well , roar , liv , and i did . 
 perry never liked it much . 
 but liv and i ... we felt like it was a whole new world that we 'd discovered . 
 we used to see it as someplace magical . '' 
 i laugh a little , picturing the dark hovel we just left behind . 
 `` i ca n't believe we used to think that . '' 
 hyde scratches the scruff on his chin . 
 `` i can . '' 
 `` you can believe it ? '' 
 he lifts his shoulders . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't . '' 
 hyde laughs . 
 `` i really can . 
 is n't that what magic is ? 
 something you see when you should n't ? '' 
 `` if that 's your definition of magic , then it 's everywhere . '' 
 i wave at the sky , which should n't be the way it is either . 
 `` even up there . '' 
 hyde looks up , his expression turning pensive as he considers the aether . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 i say , watching him . 
 `` you ca n't really think there 's magic in the aether ? '' 
 i just see destruction . 
 `` what if it 's not what you see , but how you see it ? 
 what if the magic is in your perspective ? '' 
 he gestures to the plateau that spreads in front of us . 
 `` what if real magic is about having the right outlook ? 
 the right view on life ? '' 
 i feel like he 's just become someone different before my eyes . 
 someone poetic . 
 someone intriguing . 
 all i can do is stare at him . 
 after a moment , he looks away . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` turn away from me . '' 
 `` i was regretting what i said . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 what he just said was beautiful . 
 i ca n't believe he regrets it . 
 `` what do you have to lose if you say what you want to say ? '' 
 hyde is suddenly fascinated with pulling a bit of leather from the frame of his quiver . 
 `` hyde ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 `` i do n't know how to act around you sometimes , '' he says , winding the leather around his finger . 
 `` sometimes ? '' 
 `` alone , '' he says . 
 `` when we 're alone . '' 
 `` i intimidate you ? '' 
 he lifts his head . 
 `` completely . '' 
 his eyes hold steady on my face . 
 `` i do n't want to ruin my chance to know you , brooke . 
 that 's why . 
 i do n't want to ruin it by saying the wrong things . '' 
 my stomach does a somersault . 
 up until this second everything felt normal . 
 we were just two sentries , passing the time with conversation . 
 but now he is no longer just hyde . 
 he is hyde , who says he wants to know me , which feels so much more profound than to get to know me . 
 hyde , who asks me how i 'm doing without liv and talks about magic like it 's in your eyes , not in the world . 
 i search for it now . 
 i search for magic in his blue eyes . 
 i do n't see it , but what i do see is just as surprising . 
 there is hope in hyde 's eyes , and it 's real and honest and so different from the physical hunger i 'm accustomed to seeing in the gazes of men . 
 i lick my lips , choosing my next words with care . 
 `` you do know me , hyde . '' 
 i am blatantly fishing for more . 
 no . 
 i 'm not fishing . 
 he is on the line , and i 'm reeling him in . 
 `` true . '' 
 hyde blinks , his smile wobbling . 
 `` i meant know you better . '' 
 it 's the exact answer i expected . 
 exactly what i wanted to hear . 
 `` you have n't lost your chance . '' 
 i lean closer to him . 
 `` how can you lose a chance if you have n't even taken it ? '' 
 he holds perfectly still for a long moment . 
 then he inclines his head a little to the side , bringing his face closer to mine . 
 his blue eyes drop to my mouth . 
 we 're close enough that i can see every fine hair on his jaw . 
 this is my chance to retreat , but i do n't . 
 a delicious spell has fallen over me . 
 i want this . 
 and i 'm moving on . 
 this is what it means to move on . 
 i feel hyde 's hand cradle the back of my head , but i need no encouragement to draw closer . 
 our lips meet and hold , both of us stiff with awkwardness for an instant . 
 then hyde 's lips part and his tongue slides , velvet soft , against mine . 
 desire seeps through my limbs like warm honey as we find our way , shifting closer . 
 he is patient and gentle at first , but then he becomes playful . 
 he nibbles at my bottom lip , and i can tell he 's smiling . 
 he 's a happy kisser . 
 a girl could fall in love with that , i think . 
 heat curls in my veins , and i reach for him , wanting more . 
 his shoulders feel different , not quite rounded enough with muscle , but i ignore that . 
 his hand is on my back , the pressure too light . 
 i ignore that too . 
 i focus on the movement of his mouth over mine , which is full of affection and care . 
 he kisses like a poet . 
 like he 's writing poems on my lips . 
 but it lacks something . 
 a confidence . 
 a ferocity i 'm familiar with . 
 ignore , brooke . 
 ignore . 
 ignore . 
 ignore . 
 it 's too late . 
 i realize i 'm getting in my head too much , because i hear the leaves rustle with a breeze . 
 hyde senses my hesitation , and his hand stills on my cheek . 
 i feel the softest tremble of his fingers on my skin . 
 i do n't want it to tremble . 
 i am past tremble . 
 perry knew i liked him to take control . 
 he knew what i wanted . 
 by now he would have - i suck in a breath , feeling like an arrow has sliced right through my heart . 
 i jerk back . 
 hyde 's eyes fly open . 
 we both freeze for an endless instant . 
 then i jump to my feet . 
 my legs shake beneath me as shame and lust play tug-of-war in my body . 
 how could i think about perry just then ? 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 hyde scrubs a hand over his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , brooke . 
 was that too much ? '' 
 i 'm so confused . 
 i do n't know what just happened . 
 no . 
 i do know . 
 kissing hyde was n't too much . 
 it was n't too little , either . 
 it just was n't kissing perry . 
 `` no . 
 it was great . '' 
 my voice comes out scratchy , like i 'm going to cry . 
 hyde rises to his feet . 
 for a moment i think he 's going to leave , but he does n't . 
 he steps closer . 
 `` the last thing i want to do is hurt you . 
 i really like you . 
 i know about you and perry , and maybe this was too soon . 
 maybe it 's not the right time , with all that 's happening . 
 but i do n't care . 
 i 'll wait for you . '' 
 `` i like you too , hyde . '' 
 it 's the truth . 
 he is thoughtful and romantic , and i should appreciate him for who he is , instead of just seeing him as not like perry . 
 `` it 's just that ... '' i bite my lip , not wanting to explain to him that he is amazing but i am the one who is a mess . 
 `` you should n't wait for me . '' 
 i do n't know how i 'm supposed to move on , but i do know that having him wait for me is n't going to help . 
 hyde 's gaze darts past me suddenly . 
 he lets out a curse , his posture tensing . 
 in an instant he is all warrior again . 
 a sentry who has just spotted danger . 
 our waiting is over . 
 4 in the midst of a scrubby stand of birches roughly a mile away , i see what has alarmed him . 
 three people . 
 too far for me to see their faces . 
 close enough that i can tell they are all men . 
 we watch them for a few moments , taking in the practiced stealth of their movements . 
 how their progress is careful and furtive , and runs parallel to the well-trod trail instead of on it . 
 there is no doubt in my mind-they are attempting to stay concealed . 
 the men in the distance are n't weary travelers seeking asylum . 
 they are hostile . 
 hyde comes to the same conclusion . 
 `` that 's trouble . '' 
 `` let 's run them off . '' 
 hyde pulls his bow and quiver over his shoulder . 
 his eyes blaze with intensity , and his muscles are coiled and rigid , like he 's ready to spring forward . 
 there 's not a trace of kindness or playfulness in him anymore . 
 he gives a tight nod , and we jog down the hill toward the trespassers . 
 with a hundred yards still to go , hyde and i slow to a quiet prowl . 
 we could shout at them to leave from here . 
 we could engage them with our bows . 
 hyde is a brilliant archer , as accurate as i am . 
 but i have a clear view of the three men now . 
 they have stopped walking , and i can see their faces . 
 and i know them . 
 i freeze . 
 hyde reacts immediately , stopping with me . 
 `` is it roar ? '' 
 he murmurs , sensing the shock that 's swept over me . 
 i shake my head . 
 roar 's return would be a great thing . 
 this is not . 
 anger ignites inside me , and i surge forward . 
 my strides are fast and long , fueled by an endless flow of rage . 
 hyde is next to me as we break through the tree line and come into the open . 
 the three men stand on a rise above us , and hyde and i have no cover . 
 i have put us in the worst position possible , but i do n't care . 
 `` wylan ! '' 
 i slow to a jog and reach back , grabbing an arrow from my quiver and nocking it . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 his head whips to me . 
 his eyes flare with surprise ; then his expression transforms into something venomous and hateful as he recognizes me . 
 i approach the rest of the way slowly so i can keep my aim steady , my arrow ready to fly if necessary . 
 hyde holds pace beside me , his bow also drawn and nocked . 
 as i have wylan in my sights , hyde swings his arrow between the other two traitors , gray and norris . 
 hyde was there the night gray poisoned aria . 
 he was also there the morning wylan took a third of the tribe and left , renouncing his loyalty to perry and to us-the tides . 
 he knows as well as i do that these three were forbidden ever to come back . 
 i stop when we are forty paces away . 
 wylan stands with his hands raised in surrender , looking from me to hyde . 
 the strength of my vision allows me to see him as clearly as most people see at five paces . 
 weeks in the borderlands have not been good to him . 
 his brow is heavier and lower . 
 his pointy jaw juts out farther . 
 his grimy skin sags like a plant that has wilted in the midday sun . 
 clothes that are no more than rags drape on his bony , stooping form . 
 he has always had a pinched face , like he 's just swallowed ash . 
 in the time since he left us , he only appears to have become more bitter . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there is a soullessness to his black eyes that chills me . 
 `` i came to talk to peregrine . '' 
 `` perry would kill you . '' 
 `` then i 'm lucky to have come by you first . '' 
 `` i may kill you myself . '' 
 wylan 's nostrils flare , and his chin rises slightly in suppressed anger . 
 he has never liked me . 
 `` i mean no harm , brooke . 
 i 've come to ask forgiveness . '' 
 he glances at the two men at his sides . 
 `` we have . '' 
 `` you 're seeking forgiveness ? '' 
 it seems impossible . 
 it 's a word i 'd never expect to hear from his mouth . 
 but he nods . 
 `` yes . 
 i want to come home . '' 
 there is something in the way he lingers over the word home . 
 does he know we 've abandoned the compound ? 
 `` please , brooke . 
 we 're tired . 
 we want to be back with our tribe . 
 take us home with you . '' 
 `` no chance , '' hyde growls . 
 he stands motionless at my side , his legs firmly set , his form perfect . 
 the picture of an archer at his most lethal position . 
 `` tell peregrine , then , '' wylan says . 
 `` i beg you , brooke . 
 take the message for me . 
 tell him i want to speak to him . 
 he 'll forgive me . 
 at least give me a chance . '' 
 hyde says , `` i 've heard enough . '' 
 i have too . 
 i drop my aim and let my arrow fly . 
 it sinks deep into the earth between wylan 's feet . 
 he lets out a yelp and lurches back , but hyde 's arrow flies an instant later , also landing inches from wylan 's foot . 
 `` idiots ! '' 
 wylan yells , retreating frantically . 
 `` you 're insane ! '' 
 `` get out of here , '' i tell him . 
 `` come back to this land again and it 'll be your death . '' 
 after we run them off , hyde and i hold our post until the morning watch relieves us . 
 we talk about wylan . 
 i am surprised by the fisherman 's return-wylan has always been so proud , so stubborn-but hyde is not . 
 `` you do n't know the borderlands , '' he says to me . 
 he is right . 
 i do n't know them , nor do i want to . 
 `` pride is the first thing you lose out there , '' he continues . 
 `` and the most painless . 
 the trick is to hold on to your honor . 
 there are no laws . 
 no rules beyond the ones you choose to live by . '' 
 he gives me a faint smile . 
 `` if you break those , you make an enemy of yourself , and that 'll destroy you faster than anything else . '' 
 i stare at him , marveling at how everything he says intrigues me . 
 questions pop into my head , but i hardly know where to start . 
 i just want him to keep talking . 
 hyde raises his eyebrows questioningly . 
 `` we were good together , '' i blurt , just to say something , and i could kick myself . 
 what i meant is how we handled wylan . 
 how it felt like we were perfectly in tune through the entire encounter . 
 i do n't want him to think i meant anything more . 
 i do n't want to hurt hyde . 
 the hope i saw in his eyes earlier is a precious thing ; i 'm afraid i 'll destroy that part of him . 
 and if i do that , i could lose this-my connection with this warrior who is fierce and perfect at my side . 
 this poet , whose words twinkle like stars before my eyes . 
 a smile spreads over hyde 's lips . 
 it 's affectionate and understanding and gentle . 
 `` incredible , '' he says . 
 `` it was an encounter to remember . '' 
 i still do n't know if we 're talking about our kiss or our stand against wylan , but it does n't matter . 
 i do n't fear anymore . 
 i know , whatever happens between us , hyde and i will be fine . 
 `` it was , '' i agree . 
 `` it sure was . '' 
 when the morning patrollers arrive , we fill them in and then return to the cave , where we assemble in the battle room , a small cavern perry uses to discuss important matters . 
 there is a table here . 
 a long wooden trestle brought from the compound , and benches and chairs . 
 i drop into one of them . 
 i never expected that sitting in a chair would feel like such a luxury . 
 hyde sits on my left . 
 across the table are reef , marron , and perry . 
 they remain silent and serious as hyde and i take turns describing what happened . 
 `` bold of them to show up , '' reef mutters gruffly . 
 `` they know they are n't welcome here . '' 
 bold is putting it mildly . 
 i still ca n't get over wylan 's gall . 
 i look at perry , anticipating his reaction . 
 i hate wylan for betraying my tribe , but it 's personal for perry . 
 wylan insulted him in front of the tides . 
 and then there 's gray , who tried to poison aria . 
 but perry seems calm . 
 thoughtful . 
 nowhere near as furious as i expected . 
 `` he did n't come to make amends , '' he says . 
 i say , `` he said he wanted forgiveness . '' 
 perry shakes his head . 
 `` that 's an excuse . 
 a story he came up with to explain why he was here . 
 wylan knows i 'd never forgive him . 
 he would n't have risked coming back unless he needed something . '' 
 i press my lips together . 
 i did n't consider that wylan might have trespassed onto our land with another motive in mind . 
 `` maybe he was trying to get to the compound , '' reef says . 
 `` there are still supplies there , and it 's unguarded . 
 we left plenty behind that could be valuable . 
 they could fetch a man some bartering power in the borderlands . '' 
 it 's true . 
 we could n't bring all our belongings with us into the cave . 
 tools . 
 furniture . 
 clothing . 
 we had to leave most of our things behind . 
 marron shakes his head . 
 `` a plausible theory , but unlikely . 
 there were only three men on foot . 
 carrying away goods would be impractical and difficult . 
 i do n't know that the effort would justify the reward . '' 
 he looks at perry . 
 `` you do n't believe he 's motivated by revenge ? '' 
 another long pause as perry thinks it over . 
 i imagine perry has a whole host of memories with wylan . 
 he 's a seer , like me , so his recollections would be strongly visual . 
 but he 's a scire as well . 
 perry would have scent memories-all the tempers he 's scented from wylan . 
 they would form a pattern , a reliable way to predict behavior . 
 and , by working backward , the root of behavior : motivation . 
 finally , he responds . 
 `` wylan loves himself more than he hates me . '' 
 marron nods , like this statement makes all manner of sense . 
 `` self-preservation , then . 
 he 's driven by visceral , life-sustaining needs . '' 
 `` shelter , '' reef says . 
 `` the cave and the food stores we have here , '' marron says , nodding . 
 `` that 's what he 's after . '' 
 i remember the way wylan 's voice pulled at the word home . 
 he 'd made it sound syrupy , and now i recognize that tone as falseness . 
 home implies an emotional attachment , but that 's not what he wanted . 
 what wylan wanted was a roof over his head . 
 `` but they were only three , '' hyde says . 
 `` you told me that when they dispersed , they took a third of the tribe , '' marron says to perry . 
 `` a quarter . 
 almost a hundred people . '' 
 i ca n't help but remember aria 's marking ceremony , when gray slipped hemlock into aria 's tattoo ink . 
 she almost died . 
 perry beat gray to a pulp in front of everyone when he learned what gray had done . 
 that attempt to poison aria fractured my tribe . 
 some people sided with perry and his right to defend aria . 
 others , led by wylan , saw it as a betrayal . 
 they viewed aria as a mole , an interloper who should n't have been there to begin with . 
 i was one of them . 
 i did n't want her there . 
 but i did n't want to see her killed , either . 
 i stayed with the tides that day , but dozens of people left . 
 their faith in perry as a blood lord was shattered . 
 they broke oath and followed wylan out of the tide compound . 
 that morning i lost friends i had never spent a single day without . 
 it was like losing liv , but worse . 
 liv did n't choose to go . 
 `` you think the others are still with them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` hiding in the borderlands somewhere ? '' 
 marron turns a ring around his finger as he replies . 
 `` wylan was their leader when they left . 
 he still could be . 
 his entry into the territory could have been a scouting pass . 
 the tip of the spear , probing for weakness . '' 
 `` you think he 's coming back with a larger attack , '' perry says . 
 it is more a statement than a question-he has already accepted it-but marron replies anyway . 
 `` yes . 
 we have to be prepared for it . '' 
 5 when i finally make it to my tent , i 'm crushed to find it empty . 
 clara is n't here . 
 i want to go search for her , but i 'm too exhausted . 
 normally , hyde and i would have traded shifts , two hours on watch , two hours asleep , but we 'd felt it best to double up after what had happened with wylan , both of us alert for danger . 
 we were thrumming with adrenaline too , but now that rush has faded and my eyes wo n't stay open . 
 i collapse onto my bed pad and barely pull my boots off before i plunge into sleep . 
 at some point i feel the covers shift , and i emerge from the rainbow colors of a dream to see clara . 
 she burrows under my blanket and nestles beside me . 
 it 's the middle of the day , and she should n't be here , but i love that she is . 
 i love that my sister has come to find me . 
 i pull her close and drift back to sleep , breathing in her strawberry scent . 
 when i finally wake , clara is still sleeping . 
 in my dreams i saw her standing in the rain , shaking and crying . 
 great big hiccups came out of her between sobs as she said , do n't leave me , over and over . 
 but then i touch my shirt , feeling the dampness at my breastbone , and i know it was n't a dream . 
 not all of it , anyway . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i do n't know how to help her . 
 she 's not like talon , who seems to have returned without missing a step . 
 talon lost his parents and his aunt , and yet whenever i see him he is laughing and running off somewhere with willow and flea , no sign at all of being scarred . 
 not my sister . 
 do n't leave me , she cried in my arms . 
 clara is n't lost , like i thought before . 
 she 's worried we 'll turn our backs on her again . 
 sell her again . 
 she is afraid of being betrayed . 
 she is afraid that if she lets herself love , she 'll only be abandoned again . 
 and i understand that . 
 i wo n't pretend what i 've gone through is the same , with perry , but it 's not different , either . 
 i am afraid too . 
 fear is what pulled me away from hyde . 
 an unexpected sadness washes over me as i remember what he said . 
 that he wanted to know me . 
 he was opening his heart , but i could n't because mine is closed . 
 mine is bruised and wailing and grasping to stay afloat . 
 mine is hiding in a corner , terrified it will be discarded again . 
 and i do n't want it to be . 
 so much , i do n't want it to be . 
 a lump rises in my throat as the urge to talk to someone slams into me . 
 i need to tell someone how lonely i feel . 
 how perry and liv and roar left a hole in my life that i do n't know how to fill . 
 i need someone to tell me that everything will be all right . 
 molly . 
 molly is strong , like my mother is n't . 
 i do n't have to worry that my problems will burden her with worry . 
 no one else is as wise and understanding . 
 i pull on my boots , tuck the blankets in around clara , and jog to the dweller cave , because that 's where i 'll surely find molly . 
 right away i see that the situation in here has deteriorated . 
 the dwellers are not shivering and drifting in and out of consciousness anymore . 
 they are silent and still and barely breathing , and there is nothing even partly amusing about it . 
 it 's frightening . 
 they are on the verge of dying , and it 's so chilling that i almost forget why i came here until molly calls my name . 
 i see her in the dimness , crouching over one of the dwellers . 
 but any thought i had about having a long talk with her vanishes when she snaps , `` hurry , brooke ! 
 now ! '' 
 i rush over and see that she 's pinning aria down . 
 aria is convulsing . 
 her legs thrash against the blankets and her eyes are wide , but i ca n't see her pupils . 
 they 're rolling back . 
 `` get perry , '' molly says . 
 `` bring perry and marron now ! '' 
 for a second , i ca n't move . 
 i can only stare . 
 the bandage has been removed from aria 's arm . 
 the bullet wound on her bicep almost makes me retch . 
 it is swollen and raw . 
 the smell that comes from it is curdled and festering and wrong . 
 the infection is worse . 
 even i can see that it 's spreading into her bloodstream . 
 `` brooke , go get peregrine ! '' 
 molly snaps . 
 i turn to go , but it 's as though perry somehow sensed he was needed , because there he is , running toward us . 
 gren appears behind him , and that explains why perry is already here . 
 gren is an aud . 
 they were likely in the battle room nearby and gren heard molly . 
 heard her panicked voice shouting perry 's name . 
 i step back before i am run over by them . 
 there is a mad scramble as molly issues orders . 
 then aria is in perry 's arms and it 's like the night she was poisoned . 
 the night of her marking ceremony . 
 he carries her out , but this time we all follow . 
 he takes her into the battle room and sets her on the trestle table . 
 marron enters , making clipped demands for clean towels , boiled water , and surgical supplies from the dweller hover . 
 i have never heard such a commanding tone from him . 
 i 'm there . 
 i know i 'm there because i see and hear everything . 
 but i am numb as the supplies arrive . 
 numb as aria is injected with needles that finally relax her rigid , shaking muscles . 
 numb as her arm is sliced open by molly while marron aids her . 
 the smell and the blood make me queasy , so i stare at perry 's face as he hovers over aria . 
 he speaks to her though she 's unconscious . 
 he begs her to hold on and he tells her in a dozen different ways that he loves her . 
 the things he says ... they are beautiful . 
 i do n't want to see or hear any more . 
 i leave the battle room , with its small army of people fighting to keep aria alive , and wind my way through the dark corridors of the cave . 
 i wander aimlessly for a while , not feeling angry or hurt or much of anything . 
 all i can hold in my mind is hope . 
 i want aria to heal . 
 i do n't want perry to have his heart broken too . 
 as much as it hurt to be left by him , he 's my blood lord . 
 and he 's my friend . 
 he was my nemesis in archery competitions when we were young . 
 he was my best friend 's little brother . 
 roar 's constant companion in tormenting liv and me . 
 a pest for many years , in truth . 
 awkward and gangly and too quiet , until the day he became gorgeous and graceful and quietly confident . 
 he is not just a friend , i realize . 
 he is family . 
 that means we have an unbreakable bond . 
 i want him to be well and happy . 
 even if it 's not with me . 
 his face appears in my mind as he whispered to aria so passionately and desperately . 
 the bond between them is visceral , like marron said in the meeting this morning . 
 life-sustaining . 
 it 's what i want . 
 perry never felt that way about me . 
 he cared for me . 
 i know he did . 
 does . 
 but he never felt that for me , like if one of you dies , you both die . 
 then it hits me , and i do n't know how i did n't realize it before . 
 i never felt that way about him , either . 
 6 it 's a revelation . 
 it 's a revelation , and i need time to consider it . 
 it 's a precious jewel ; i need to hold it up to the light . 
 turn it , so i can see its shine from every angle . 
 i cross the main cavern in a daze , barely aware of the eyes that follow me as i pass the platform and walk outside to the sandy cove . 
 i do n't stop until the waves are pushing against my shins . 
 then i stare at the ocean and let it come . 
 all of it . 
 the truth . 
 there was no beginning to roar and liv . 
 no starting point . 
 the day roar came limping into the compound with his grandmother , he was already in love with liv . 
 she was in love with him , too . 
 everyone in the tribe saw it . 
 we all knew the seed was there ; it just needed to emerge . 
 when it did , liv had something incredible in her life . 
 something i wanted too . 
 but there was more to it than just that . 
 there were other reasons i wanted perry . 
 my attraction to him was growing by the day , and he had always been honest and loyal and good . 
 i wanted him for who he was , and for what he 'd help create . 
 a perfect foursome of friends , made up of two couples . 
 made up of two sets of best friends . 
 every combination felt good . 
 more than anything , though , i wanted us to be like roar and liv . 
 as unabashedly in love . 
 but we were n't . 
 unlike liv and roar , perry and i had a beginning . 
 it was a spring night , in the clearing . 
 the tribe was gathered after supper , enjoying a crisp evening outside after a long winter . 
 roar was singing while pierce played guitar . 
 i sat next to perry on the dirt , close enough that our legs bumped . 
 he moved to scoot away , but i grabbed his forearm and kept him there . 
 then i kissed him , right there in front of everyone . 
 at home , my mother nearly pinched my arm off for that . 
 but i knew perry too well . 
 know him , since he has n't changed . 
 he does n't do anything unless he believes in it , heart and soul . 
 i knew i 'd need to give him a big push to get us started . 
 and it worked . 
 after that kiss , everyone assumed we were together . 
 i let them think we were . 
 i watched perry 's amusement at the notion gradually shift to acceptance . 
 the next time i kissed him , he kissed me back , and that was all . 
 in a way , perry was the last to know about us . 
 but while i initiated things between us , it did n't stay that way . 
 perry was there for me . 
 laughing with me . 
 wanting me . 
 i know , for a time anyway , that he was as swept away by me as i was by him . 
 but that started to change as soon as liv and roar left for rim . 
 with our foursome split in half , perry began to drift away from me . 
 the hints were subtle at first . 
 he 'd draw away from a kiss too soon , or fall silent when i spoke to him about our future . 
 then the signs grew into bigger things . 
 misunderstandings . 
 arguments that never felt like they were resolved . 
 i saw the direction we were heading . 
 i just did n't want to believe it . 
 but i believe it now . 
 perry and i had a beginning . 
 we were bound to have an end . 
 and i understand that we were great together sometimes , but what we had was flawed and maybe a little forced . 
 maybe it was something that i really wanted , but that was n't actually there . 
 maybe the magic was n't in us . 
 it was in my eyes . 
 7 why do you get to go outside , but i ca n't ? '' 
 clara asks me that evening . 
 `` i have to , '' i answer . 
 clara blinks her wide blue eyes at me . 
 `` but i have n't been outside in months and months and months . '' 
 `` you are n't missing anything . '' 
 `` yes , i am ! 
 i want to run on the sand ! 
 and it 's so dark in here . '' 
 `` it 's dangerous out there , clara . '' 
 wylan and his band are n't the only things i want to protect her from tonight . 
 outside , the aether is raging , dropping funnels only a few miles from the cave . 
 when the wind blows in from the right direction , it carries the smell of smoke from forest fires . 
 it 's a measure of perry and reef 's concern that they 're sending us out there tonight . 
 they would n't put the patrol at risk unless they had legitimate fears about wylan returning . 
 clara crosses her arms and makes a sulky face , like she is five instead of eight . 
 she thinks it 'll melt me , seeing her act so young . 
 like the sweet , innocent little sister i lost . 
 but my reaction is the opposite . 
 at some point in the past year she learned to manipulate people , and that makes me want to hit something . 
 `` then why are you going ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i 'm not going to tell her about wylan , so i drop a kiss on her head . 
 `` i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 `` brookie , please take me with you , '' she says , her eyes filling with tears . 
 those are n't an act . 
 they 're real , and my throat tightens up . 
 `` clara , i have to do this . 
 you know i would n't leave you otherwise . '' 
 around the platform , people are watching us . 
 the tribe has been shaken all day , worried that the dwellers are faltering . 
 the only thing we want less than sick dwellers on our hands is dead dwellers on our hands . 
 aria 's condition has rattled them as well . 
 she pulled through her surgery , but it was close . 
 she almost lost her arm . 
 and judging by the restless glances thrown my way , the tribe has heard about wylan and his band too . 
 it has n't been an easy day for anyone . 
 i can tell my tribe wants me outside , where my bow and my eyes can protect them . 
 it 's where i need to be for clara 's sake too . 
 so i tell her that . 
 `` i 'm going out there for you , clara . 
 to keep you safe . 
 i have to go now . '' 
 i hug her . 
 then , to take my mind off leaving her , i count my steps as i walk outside . 
 one , two , three ... five ... eleven ... twenty . 
 hayden falls in step with me when i reach forty-two . 
 by ninety-seven we have stepped completely out of the cave . 
 i pause on the small strip of sand and finally allow myself to look back . 
 bad idea . 
 the pull to return to my sister is immense . 
 strong , like i 'm falling toward her . 
 she needs me in there and she needs me out here , and how am i supposed to know what 's right ? 
 what 's best ? 
 `` ready ? '' 
 hayden asks . 
 he is watching me closely . 
 `` i 'm with you tonight ? '' 
 my voice is sharp , like the crack of a whip . 
 i wonder if hyde requested not to be with me . 
 i wonder why i feel jilted and depressed when i was the one who balked at what he offered . 
 which was tenderness and poetry and smiling kisses . 
 good job , brooke . 
 because those things are all so horrible . 
 can this day get any worse ? 
 a laugh bursts out of hayden . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're so happy about it . '' 
 he gives me his back before i can respond , and breaks into a jog , threading his way up the steep switchback path to the bluff . 
 `` thrilled , '' i mutter , catching up to him . 
 my walk with hyde last night on this same trail felt contemplative , but hayden attacks it . 
 he is muscular and long-limbed like hyde , but more energetic . 
 louder and more aggressive . 
 the pace he sets forces me to focus on my footing and my breathing in order to keep up with him . 
 in minutes , sweat rolls down my spine , but i relish it . 
 since we 've been in the cave , we have n't run like this . 
 everyone is always shuffling around , looking miserable . 
 you ca n't be miserable when you 're running . 
 it 's such a simple and pure way to feel alive . 
 as we put miles behind us , my mood begins to lift . 
 gren and reef are n't far to the north , and hyde and straggler are just south of us . 
 we have reinforced our patrol numbers in all posts , but most substantially here on the eastern approach-the shortest distance to the cave . 
 if wylan is coming , this would be the most direct path , the one that would give us the least amount of time to react . 
 this is where we are most vulnerable , so perry appointed the six to guard it tonight-the six and me . 
 i am with these warriors because i am one of the best , but that distinction brings me nothing but pride now . 
 it 's an honor to be regarded as their equal . 
 after an hour of running , we stop to catch our breath and drink water . 
 my eyes drift to the range of hills to the north , and dread seeps through me . 
 the aether looked fierce last night , but today its threats are not empty . 
 the sky there flashes with funnels . 
 along the ridge below , a glowing orange line has appeared . 
 fire . 
 land is burning . 
 tide land . 
 mine . 
 i 've been so focused on the trail ahead of me that i did n't see it . 
 `` do you think reef and gren are in that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 then i gulp water , trying to slake my thirst . 
 hayden 's seer eyes take in the distant hills , and then settle on me . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` they were swinging south to avoid it . '' 
 i focus my attention on the trees around me . 
 the flutter of their leaves and the sway of their branches . 
 `` the wind is blowing our way , hayden . 
 you do know what that means ? '' 
 he takes another deep drink from his water skin and nods . 
 `` why do you think i 've been in such a hurry ? '' 
 `` you knew the fires were going to blow our way ? '' 
 `` i had a feeling . '' 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 `` because i was n't sure . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` but now i am . '' 
 i shake my head at him . 
 `` great . '' 
 the dry creek bed we followed from the cave is pooling with smoke . 
 our path is disappearing behind us . 
 `` we ca n't go back . '' 
 `` no . 
 but we better keep moving . '' 
 we have no other choice . 
 the fires to the north-the source of the smoke that 's blowing our way-show no sign of abating . 
 we run again . 
 the wind continues to build , blowing hot , thick smoke that swirls past us . 
 black pieces of ash and glowing embers flutter by , some as large as leaves . 
 my lungs ache when hayden finally stops . 
 i have to press my thumbs into my eyes for a few seconds to relieve the stinging . 
 still trying to catch my breath , i scan the distance for our position . 
 i want to see the wooded slope where hyde and i posted up last night , but i find that i ca n't see more than three hundred yards away . 
 i know this territory as well as i know clara 's face , but with smoke billowing past , nothing is recognizable . 
 i bite back a curse . 
 sight is my gift . 
 when i ca n't see , i 'm not happy . 
 `` well , i 'm terrified , '' hayden says . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` definitely lost . '' 
 he kneels , pulling his quiver over his shoulder . 
 sweat drips off his forehead . 
 he swipes at it absently and withdraws a compass from a small pocket . 
 relief washes over me . 
 `` i could hug you right now . '' 
 that small instrument may have just saved our lives . 
 it 's easy to lose direction when you ca n't navigate by sight . 
 as disoriented as we are , we could get turned around and head directly toward the fire line . 
 `` a nice thought , but unnecessary . '' 
 hayden checks the compass . 
 `` we have n't gone off course by much . 
 we 're still heading east . '' 
 he points straight ahead and stands . 
 `` let 's keep going . 
 we have to get clear of this smoke . '' 
 as we run again , he does n't state the obvious . 
 we are n't protecting the tribe anymore . 
 we are no longer looking for signs of wylan and his group . 
 our mission has shifted . 
 we are running to save our own lives . 
 the night becomes snatches of foreign-looking woods . 
 the dirt beneath my feet and hayden running next to me . 
 i have the feeling we 're getting swept out to sea . 
 away from safety and everyone we know . 
 i do n't know how long we 've been running when my energy begins to flag . 
 unable to keep up anymore , i slow down . 
 hayden notices immediately . 
 he hooks his arm into mine and yanks me forward , giving me the boost i need to climb a small hill . 
 we collapse at the top , sprawling on the dirt . 
 i lie there for a while , facedown , trying to catch my breath . 
 then i roll on my back and stare up at the aether . 
 my muscles twitch , and i 'm so light-headed it feels like the world is spinning . 
 a gust drifts over me , cooling me down . 
 the air is clear here . 
 not a trace of smoke . 
 i close my burning eyes and drink it into my lungs . 
 my sweat-drenched clothes are heavy on my skin . 
 i sense hayden climbing to his feet . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` i 'm great . 
 just perfect . '' 
 he does n't move away . 
 when i peer at him through my lashes , i find him looking down at me , his full lips parted just slightly . 
 `` still want to know where we are ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i climb to my feet , my legs quavering a little . 
 i know where we are . 
 the tides ' territory is shaped like an hourglass , narrower in the middle , broader at its poles . 
 three hours of running due east would cut right through this narrow section and put us at the edge of the territory-or just beyond . 
 though i 'm positive about where we 've ended up , i need to hear hayden say it . 
 i do n't know if i 'll really believe it otherwise . 
 my voice is barely above a breath as i say , `` tell me . '' 
 8 the borderlands , '' hayden says . 
 where chaos reigns . 
 my father 's voice fills my mind . 
 it 's what he always says when the borderlands are mentioned . 
 like it all goes together . 
 one long name for a place that belongs to no one . 
 the borderlands , where chaos reigns . 
 also , where i am currently standing . 
 the knowledge spreads through me like ice , chilling my overheated muscles . 
 as a little girl my nightmares were about this very place . 
 i dreamed that monsters and wolves and ghouls lived here . 
 bloodthirsty creatures that tore into flesh for no reason . 
 now i am older and i know better . 
 monsters and ghouls do n't commit atrocities out here . 
 people do . 
 `` does it feel like coming home ? '' 
 i hear myself say . 
 i do n't know what i want from hayden 's response . 
 maybe some assurance that he 's as comfortable here as anywhere . 
 hayden lifts an eyebrow . 
 `` if home is where a person finds sanctuary and peace , then this place has never been that to me . '' 
 his tone is surprisingly somber . 
 what was it like for him to look after two younger brothers out here ? 
 did he worry about hyde and straggler constantly , like i worry about clara ? 
 he smiles at me suddenly . 
 it 's a cover-up grin , like clara 's sunbeam smile . 
 like he believes he said something he should n't have . 
 `` drink , '' he says , handing me a water skin . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i take it . 
 i finished mine an hour ago . 
 the leather skin is warm and damp from his grip . 
 `` do n't worry about being out here . 
 it 's not as bad as you think . '' 
 i take a long drink and hand the skin back to him . 
 `` i can stomach anything except lies . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 it is as bad . 
 but we 'll be safe on this hill until the wind carries the smoke away . '' 
 i consider our position and see that he 's right . 
 our hill is small , but we have a few oak trees here that will give us some cover , and an unobstructed view on every side . 
 no one will sneak up on us without earning an arrow between the eyes . 
 my gaze strays west . 
 clara is out there , inside the cave on the edge of the coast . 
 i wish i could see her . 
 all i see are plumes of smoke interspersed with glowing spots , where the flames leap highest . 
 the aether rolls in waves across the sky , looking so alive , so vibrant , compared to the earth with its scorching skin . 
 i do n't know whether it 's the sight of this war between earth and sky or the cooling of my sodden clothes that chills me , but i begin to shiver . 
 `` you want me to get a fire going ? '' 
 that makes me laugh . 
 `` would you ? 
 that 'd be great . '' 
 i ca n't think of anything i 'd like less than a fire . 
 the smoke has gotten in my hair . 
 it 's all i can taste . 
 all i can feel , in the tightness of my lungs . 
 i feel like i 've bathed in smoke . 
 hayden gazes across the distance . 
 `` the wind is dying down . 
 the fires will burn out soon . 
 we 'll be able to get back by morning at the latest . '' 
 that sounds overly optimistic , but i do n't say anything . 
 hayden finds a smooth rock to perch on . 
 `` come on . 
 there 's room for you . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say reflexively . 
 after pacing around for five minutes , i realize he 's chosen the only spot on this craggy hill that 's halfway comfortable , but i 've already made up my mind . 
 i plop down on the dirt a few paces away from him . 
 a sharp rock pokes into my backside . 
 i am cold , tired , and wet-and i smell like a chimney-but that rock is what pushes a string of curses out of me . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 hayden asks . 
 i can tell he 's trying not to laugh . 
 `` wonderful . 
 how 's your throne ? '' 
 `` could n't be better . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` you 'd be more comfortable over here , brooke . 
 and warmer . '' 
 `` warmer ? 
 you want me to warm up with you ? 
 do you really think i 'm that gullible ? '' 
 `` i was trying to be practical , but suit yourself . 
 i have to admit , though , i 'm flattered you do n't trust yourself around me . '' 
 i snort and pick up a pebble to throw at him . 
 my arm stops mid-throw . 
 because of the natural curve in the rock he 's chosen , hayden is leaning back , half-reclined . 
 it 's a casual , relaxed pose . 
 comfortable . 
 and i suddenly do n't know why i 'm here in the dirt , when i could be there . 
 i hop to my feet and stalk over to him . 
 `` i will punch you if you touch me , '' i say , sitting beside him . 
 `` you have nothing to worry about . 
 i 'm no poacher . '' 
 my heart stops for two full seconds . 
 hayden is watching my reaction , and i can tell he 's been waiting to say this for hours . 
 maybe since we left the cave . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 `` i would never overstep . 
 especially since he 's my brother . '' 
 `` hyde told you ? '' 
 hayden shakes his head , his grin huge . 
 `` hyde would never talk . 
 i had a feeling , based on the smile that has n't left his face since you two came back this morning . '' 
 `` you and your stupid feelings ! 
 it was just a kiss ! '' 
 it streaks me that i 'm even explaining myself . 
 i smack him on the shoulder . 
 `` i can kiss whoever i want . '' 
 hayden 's hands come up in defense as he laughs . 
 `` of course you can , but that 's beside the point . 
 all i meant to say is that i 'm not interested '' - he gestures at the space between us - `` so we 'll be fine here . '' 
 in an elaborate display of nonchalance , he crosses his arms behind his head and leans back like he 's basking in the sun . 
 the smug smile on his mouth makes my blood boil , but i 'm determined to play this the right way . 
 i lean back too , pretending i 'm as comfortable as can be in my clammy , smoky clothes . 
 as the minutes drag by , i can tell hayden is disappointed i did n't react to his comment . 
 `` i told you not to lie to me , '' i say , after five full minutes have passed . 
 he peers at me . 
 `` when did i lie ? '' 
 `` just now . 
 you said you 're not interested , but that 's not true . 
 i 've seen you watch me . '' 
 `` ca n't i look at you ? '' 
 `` of course you can . 
 it 's just the way you look at me that 's telling . '' 
 `` and how is that ? '' 
 `` you do this thing with your mouth . '' 
 `` i do a thing ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you pout . '' 
 hayden throws his head back and laughs . 
 `` i pout at you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you do . '' 
 it 's actually not a pout , but that 's the only word i can come up with . 
 occasionally , like just a short while ago , his lips relax in a very appealing , sultry way that is close to a pout , but not a pout . 
 `` well , '' he says . 
 `` do n't let my pout scare you . 
 i promise you 're safe at my side . 
 you and i would never work . '' 
 `` you just said that so i 'd ask why . '' 
 `` you just said that because you 're avoiding asking why . '' 
 `` fine . 
 why , hayden ? 
 why are you so sure we 'd never work ? '' 
 `` aside from the reason i mentioned earlier ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 aside from that . '' 
 `` there 's no spark between us . '' 
 i glare at him . 
 does this boy ever say anything direct ? 
 does he never say what he actually means ? 
 turning my focus out over the hills , i consider the situation . 
 he has done this on purpose , of course . 
 to make me wonder if there might be a spark between us . 
 the problem is that even though i see his trickery , i actually am wondering . 
 my heart is thumping , and i 'm suddenly aware of just how close he is . 
 i have always found him attractive . 
 handsome in a grown , mature way . 
 i 'm not the only one who thinks so . 
 i 've heard women in the tribe talk about his smile on more than one occasion . 
 my move on plan did n't work with hyde . 
 how could it , when i saw hope in his eyes ? 
 hope that i did n't feel myself ? 
 i wo n't use someone else just to make myself feel better . 
 i like hyde too much . 
 but hayden ? 
 i look at him , a little ripple of excitement moving through me as i find him watching me . 
 in his eyes i do n't see hope . 
 all i see is humor-and heat . 
 and those soft-looking lips ... i really would like to kiss him . 
 `` there 's only one way to find out , '' i say , before i can stop myself . 
 `` and you did offer to warm me up . '' 
 hayden 's eyes narrow slightly . 
 `` brooke ... you 're sure ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 his hand comes up , and he runs his fingers along my cheek . 
 i jump a little , but he does n't . 
 his fingers are steady on my skin . 
 steady as they trace my neck and then run across my collarbone . 
 his eyes are sensual and dark as they follow the path of his touch . 
 his mouth relaxes , and there it is . 
 that sultry pout . 
 i expected a kiss . 
 that 's not what 's happening , and it 's thrilling . 
 he looks into my eyes , his gaze so dark and hungry that it takes everything in me not to shiver . 
 then he bends toward me , and his lips close over mine , the pressure soft but sure . 
 i kiss him back , and hayden moves in , his tongue sweeping against mine , and a single thought explodes in my mind : hayden knows what he 's doing . 
 he sets an immediate tone , kissing me with confidence , and it feels achingly good , achingly familiar . 
 i twist my hands into his hair and kiss him deeply , and hear him groan . 
 `` brooke , '' he whispers , `` easy . '' 
 but everything he 's doing contradicts that . 
 his hand grips my thigh , so tight that i feel the pressure of every finger . 
 i move closer to him . 
 he moves at the same time , and with all the moving that 's happening we end up lying on our sides , face-to-face . 
 together we are tumbling down a hillside of desire , and it feels safe . 
 so safe not to care . 
 this is only about lips and hands and skin . 
 swirling , smoky desires that are swallowing me up . 
 hayden 's hand rolls up my ribs and brushes over my breast , sending a wave of desire through me . 
 but after a few moments he surprises me by drawing away . 
 `` brooke , there 's definitely a spark here . 
 we might actually catch fire if we do n't - '' `` shhh ... this is more fun when you do n't talk . '' 
 his laugh is a short , clipped sound . 
 `` fun ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 fun . '' 
 i pull him to me again . 
 he rolls on top of me , and then i roll on top of him , and it 's like a little battle in the midst of our kisses , our legs tangling up . 
 my hand finds his shirt , slipping over the rolling muscles in his stomach . 
 he makes a hissing sound and darts away . 
 `` all right , '' he says . 
 `` that was good . '' 
 i do n't know what just happened . 
 i do n't know why he pulled away . 
 `` it was better than good , hayden . '' 
 he mutters a curse and sits forward over his knees . 
 `` brooke , just ... give me a minute here . '' 
 there 's only one reason he could have stopped . 
 i ca n't let that get in the way . 
 `` hayden , what happened with hyde was ... '' i do n't know how to finish my thought . 
 what happened between hyde and me was a beautiful , fragile thing . 
 but it feels like talking about it with hayden would be disrespectful . 
 `` it 's not that . '' 
 he rubs his hands over his head and lets out a breath . 
 `` though it should be . '' 
 `` then what ? 
 is it perry ? 
 because i 'm not with him anymore . '' 
 hayden lifts his head . 
 `` no , brooke . 
 it 's you . '' 
 this throws me . 
 my cheeks warm . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 i ask , preparing to defend myself . 
 `` you 're running , brooke . 
 it 's like we 're back in those woods . 
 you 're sprinting through this , and i do n't think ... '' he sighs . 
 `` i just have this feeling you do n't really want to do this . '' 
 `` are you really going to tell me what i want ? '' 
 `` i 'm only telling you what i think . 
 but i would like to know : what do you want ? '' 
 what do i want ? 
 i have to think about it for a moment . 
 i want to feel wanted and cherished and safe . 
 i want to find someone who wo n't trade me for another . 
 i want to find love that is visceral and life-sustaining . 
 all those answers seem a little inappropriate . 
 so i say , `` i want you to kiss me again . 
 you 're good at it . '' 
 hayden gives me a look i 've never seen before . 
 like he 's in pain and about to laugh at the same time . 
 `` if i do , you 'll hate me tomorrow . '' 
 `` you have it backward . 
 i 'll hate you tomorrow if you do n't . '' 
 `` but i 'll hate myself , and that 's who i have to live with for the rest of my life . '' 
 i do n't know why that makes me laugh , but it does . 
 hayden smiles . 
 it 's disarming , his full lips pulling into a wide grin . 
 `` i do n't want to start this the wrong way , brooke . '' 
 i 'm not sure what the right way would be . 
 he 's older , and surely he 's been with other women . 
 are there paths to love , to relationships , that are better than others ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i only know the one i 've taken . 
 `` start what ? 
 you said you were n't interested . '' 
 hayden laughs . 
 `` i 'm interested , brooke . 
 the question is , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm interested in not hurting anymore . '' 
 and there it goes . 
 my stupid , runaway mouth . 
 `` never mind , '' i say , rubbing my arms . 
 the cool night air is seeping back into me , chilling me again . 
 hayden falls quiet for what feels like a week . 
 `` that 's a good interest , '' he says . 
 `` the most important one . '' 
 a look of concern emerges on his face , and panic spears through me . 
 i 've exposed too much of myself , my pain . 
 `` would you stop looking at me like that ? '' 
 `` am i pouting again ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're looking at me like i 'm weak . '' 
 the last thing i want is for hayden or any of the six to see me that way . 
 `` you , weak ? '' 
 he grins , shaking his head . 
 `` never . 
 now come here before you freeze . '' 
 he lifts his arm , inviting me closer . 
 `` are you joking ? '' 
 the words are barely out of my mouth before he drops his arm around me and pulls me close . 
 then he stretches his legs out , and shifts his back a little , searching for a comfortable position . 
 everything between us has changed . 
 he feels totally different than he felt five minutes ago . 
 brotherly . 
 `` so , '' he says conversationally , `` i 'm a good kisser . 
 was i better than hyde ? '' 
 maybe not brotherly , then . 
 `` oh , now that 's a surprise . 
 you made it into a competition . '' 
 how did i not see that coming ? 
 `` you 're avoiding the question again . '' 
 `` you were different . '' 
 `` which is a careful way of saying better . '' 
 `` actually , different is a way of saying dissimilar . 
 unalike . 
 there 's no value judgment . 
 it 's a neutral word . '' 
 `` was hyde that bad , or is it just that i 'm on a completely higher level ? '' 
 i jab my elbow into his ribs . 
 he laughs and squeezes my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not going to forget what just happened , brooke . 
 probably ever . 
 when you 're ready , i 'll be here . 
 and if you 're never ready , that 's fine too . 
 i 'll just suffer in silence until i 'm old and gray with age . '' 
 there 's no downplaying the glimmer of desire in his eyes . 
 i do n't feel the urge to draw out his thoughts like i did with hyde . 
 what i feel is the pull to kiss him again . 
 so different , i think . 
 one brother seduced me with poetry and gentleness . 
 the other with heat and desire . 
 i settle in beside him . 
 what did i see in perry ? 
 i search my memories , trying to decide if he was more one way or the other . 
 more alluring in mind , like hyde , or in body , like hayden . 
 after a few moments i realize perry was both . 
 gentle and thoughtful at times . 
 irresistibly sexy at others . 
 but this realization does n't hurt like i expect . 
 i do n't feel coals in my stomach , or the bruising in my heart . 
 and i do n't want to dwell on what perry was to me , either . 
 with hayden 's body next to mine , i feel warmer . 
 my muscles are tired , and i allow myself to slouch against him . 
 to let go of my weight and just be here . 
 hayden was right . 
 this sort of heat between us is better for me right now . 
 hayden 's voice pulls me from my thoughts . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 i look at him and say the first thing that comes to mind . 
 `` you have perfect lips . '' 
 i expect him to laugh or make some kind of comeback . 
 but he just kisses my forehead and tucks me back into the crook of his arm . 
 we sit and watch the burning hills , just doing that . 
 nothing more . 
 and i am content . 
 9 it 's deep into the night when i hear a shout . 
 it pierces the night quiet , instantly sending my pulse to a gallop . 
 hayden has nodded off beside me , but he wakes with a small jolt . 
 i grip his forearm to keep him from making any sudden movement that might give away our position . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 his eyes pan across the rolling land below us , and he blinks a few times to shake off sleep . 
 `` a man 's voice . 
 close . '' 
 i do n't hear it anymore . 
 now i only hear the creak of branches as they sway with a breeze . 
 we come to our feet slowly , forcing steadiness out of our tired , stiff limbs . 
 there could be auds nearby , so we are careful to move in silence as we find our bows . 
 the sky has calmed considerably since the show of funnels and the smoke hours ago . 
 the aether flows are smoother , almost veil thin . 
 they are as calm as i 've seen them in days . 
 we have gone from a tempest to a gentle , low tide . 
 safer for us , but without a thick concentration of aether above us , we 've lost much of our illumination . 
 the night has grown dim . 
 a murky rolling blue , like we 've swum to the bottom of the sea . 
 my range of vision has decreased to only two hundred yards . 
 wearing horse blinders could not feel worse . 
 `` we should move off this hill , '' i say . 
 `` we wo n't know what 's going on unless we get closer . '' 
 my idea is borderline idiotic . 
 we 're in a secure position , and leaving it for unknown danger would be insane . 
 but i have never been one to wait around for things to happen . 
 i 'm confident that hayden will steer us right , though . 
 `` good idea , '' he says . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 no voice of reason , then . 
 my fingers tighten around my bow . 
 as we descend the hill , my heart thuds so powerfully in my chest that i wonder if hayden can hear it . 
 we walk half a mile before we see them . 
 a group of people emerges from the mottled darkness . 
 i count forty . 
 they stand in a wooded fold between two hills . 
 i search for wylan but only see strangers . 
 i recognize the dry creek bed , though . 
 the trees grow thick there , because the water still runs beneath the ground . 
 somewhere , miles to the west , is the spot where hyde and i were posted last night . 
 but tonight i am farther out , on the edge of tide land . 
 then i hear him . 
 `` listen up ! '' 
 wylan snaps . 
 he jumps onto a boulder , appearing above the crowd . 
 `` we 'll head north and approach along that ridge . 
 expect to be challenged by a pair of sentries . '' 
 he points into the darkness . 
 `` two archers , within the first mile . 
 good fighters . 
 but there are more of us , and we ca n't expect to take this land and the food we need , land and food that are rightfully ours and that we deserve , without having to show some courage , can we ? '' 
 there are a few grunts of agreement . 
 hayden 's eyes lock with mine , and i know we 're thinking the same thing . 
 reef and gren are guarding the area these people plan to move through . 
 they 're in danger . 
 `` once we get past them , '' wylan continues , `` we wo n't run into any trouble until we reach the cave . '' 
 the cave . 
 clara . 
 i yank an arrow from my quiver , nock it , and fire . 
 it 's a wild action . 
 aggressive and possibly suicidal . 
 but if i do n't do something , gren and reef could die . 
 my tribe could be harmed , and my sister . 
 my arrow spears a man through the thigh . 
 i keep going , loosing another . 
 hayden joins me , and in moments screams of terror lift from wylan 's group . 
 they are visibly shocked and confused . 
 we are firing on them from the rear-the borderlands , where they came from-and surely the direction they believed they could retreat if needed . 
 but soon their own bows appear , and arrows slice past me . 
 i ca n't fire anymore without risking my life , so i kneel behind a rock outcrop and pray that my instincts are right . 
 gren is an aud . 
 he 'd have heard the commotion wylan 's group just made . 
 tell me he heard . 
 it 's the only chance hayden and i have of getting out of this alive . 
 i look to my right . 
 hayden has taken cover behind a tree . 
 when he sees me , he winks . 
 there 's something a little reckless about him . 
 he 's enjoying this . 
 like me . 
 wylan 's group is creeping toward us . 
 i 'm no aud , but i can hear them approaching , their steps swishing through grass and crunching on twigs . 
 it hits me then : my gamble failed . 
 there 's been no sign of gren or anyone else . 
 i look at hayden again . 
 we 're going to have to make a run for it , and that wo n't work either . 
 most likely i 'll get a few arrows in my back . 
 i pull up to my feet and see hayden do the same . 
 no time to dwell on the situation . 
 just have to act . 
 hayden tips his chin , telling me to run first while he lays down a barrage of shots , giving me cover . 
 but then i hear something new . 
 shouts behind me . 
 peering over the outcropping , i see wylan 's group scattering . 
 arrows are sailing down at them from the west . 
 gren ! 
 he heard . 
 he and reef have positioned themselves opposite us , behind wylan 's group . 
 and better still , a volley of arrows flies from the south as well . 
 hyde and straggler have joined in the fight too . 
 gren and reef must have sent them a signal-or they 'd seen the commotion themselves . 
 hayden lets out a growl of pure battle hunger and leaps into action . 
 i grab my bow and set to work again , my heart swelling with what i know is a sure victory . 
 we have hemmed in wylan 's group . 
 thanks to the fires , hayden and i landed in an advantageous position . 
 while hyde , straggler , reef , and gren push the intruders out of tide territory , hayden and i have created a dam , prohibiting their retreat to the borderlands . 
 we have trapped them . 
 i focus on one target , loosing an arrow . 
 it plunges into wylan 's thigh . 
 he buckles to his knees , clutching his leg . 
 he looks up at me . 
 `` shoot her ! '' 
 he screams . 
 the words die in his throat as my next arrow spears him through the stomach . 
 he topples over . 
 i move on to my next target , knowing that wylan is finished . 
 we could turn this into a slaughter if we wanted to , but we do n't . 
 reef 's whistle calls us off . 
 i lower my bow and see that we showed restraint and mercy . 
 we wounded quite a few , but their loss of life is minimal . 
 `` go ! 
 get off this land ! '' 
 i yell . 
 then i watch as the survivors limp away . 
 wylan is not one of them . 
 he lies motionless on the grass . 
 i put him there , and i feel no regret for what i 've done . 
 he 'll never be a threat to the tides again . 
 10 in the battle room , reef and hayden take turns explaining what happened . 
 when they are finished , perry 's green eyes narrow on me . 
 `` why did you engage them ? '' 
 i could give him one of several different answers . 
 gut feeling . 
 fear . 
 because i knew we could press our advantage . 
 but instead i just say , `` i wanted it to be over . 
 and i knew we 'd have to take some risks to keep him out for good . '' 
 `` thank you , brooke . 
 you did well . '' 
 he holds my eyes a moment longer , his direct gaze brimming with gratitude and respect . 
 something passes between us that feels solid and promising . 
 i was wrong before . 
 perry and i do n't have an ending . 
 we just have more beginnings . 
 when the discussion turns to food rations and other matters that do n't concern me , i excuse myself . 
 my impulse is to find clara , but somehow my feet take me to the dweller cavern . 
 molly comes over when she sees me . 
 `` well done , '' she coos , cupping my cheeks . 
 `` i heard all about it from willow . '' 
 i went straight to the battle room when i arrived . 
 how willow knows everything before everyone is a mystery to me . 
 `` thanks , '' i say to molly . 
 `` does that mean i get out of dweller water duty today ? '' 
 she purses her lips . 
 `` well , i suppose since - '' `` i 'm kidding , molly . '' 
 feeling strong and proud of myself , i pick up one of the jugs by the water barrel and fill it , deciding i 'll pitch in for a little while . 
 today the dwellers are improving . 
 i see glimpses of life returning to them . 
 the regular rise and fall of their chests as they slumber . 
 the twitching behind their eyelids that tells me they 're dreaming instead of floating in darkness . 
 soren is awake . 
 he watches me for a few minutes before i finally kneel beside him . 
 `` i was waiting for you , '' he rasps . 
 `` why did n't you call me over ? '' 
 i say , giving him some water . 
 `` i do n't know your name . '' 
 he wants me to tell him , but for some reason i like keeping it from him . 
 `` shame , '' i say , putting the clay jug to his cracked lips . 
 he takes five long sips . 
 his increasing thirst is a good sign he 's recovering . 
 `` the water ? '' 
 he says , nodding at the jug . 
 `` you do n't need it . '' 
 `` i do n't need it ? '' 
 `` as an excuse . 
 you 're using it so you can come talk to me . '' 
 i 'm tempted to pour the rest on his head . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i say , forcing myself to look smitten . 
 `` i can come over to your side anytime ? '' 
 i stand . 
 `` what about when i want to leave your side ? 
 do i need an excuse then ? 
 or permission ? '' 
 i start walking backward . 
 `` oh , look . '' 
 i glance at my feet . 
 `` it 's working ! '' 
 he grins . 
 `` your name ! '' 
 he tries to raise his voice , but it comes out sounding more like a croak . 
 `` bye , soren ! '' 
 i leave the cavern because i want him to wonder where i went . 
 also because i remember the reason i came here to begin with . 
 i had forgotten that aria was moved after her surgery . 
 she 's been recovering in perry 's tent . 
 that 's where i head . 
 i find her sleeping on a bed pad wide enough for two . 
 no need to guess who she shares it with . 
 the realization stings , but only faintly . 
 the warrior in me is too strong today for me to feel weakness . 
 and while i have not moved on , i am moving . 
 i am trying . 
 i am creating new beginnings . 
 i kneel at her side and take a few seconds to let my pulse calm . 
 then i lean close to her and say what needs saying . 
 `` i told you before that you took him from me ... . 
 you did n't . 
 he was mine for a time , but now that 's past , and it 's all right . 
 it would have happened with you or without you . 
 but now he 's yours . 
 he belongs to you , and i think he always will . 
 and i hope you know how lucky that makes you . 
 anyway , i just wanted to tell you that i do n't hate you . 
 you never deserved that . 
 so ... that 's all . '' 
 11 that night , clara sleeps next to me again . 
 she does n't cry and my mother does n't cry either . 
 i wake up feeling rested and cheered . 
 it 's a feeling i recognize . 
 it 's how i used to always be . 
 maybe we 're all adjusting to being reunited . 
 `` take me outside , brooke , '' clara pleads after a breakfast of boiled oats and a handful of dates . 
 i ca n't see why not . 
 wylan is n't a threat anymore , and i wo n't take her far . 
 just right to the cove outside . 
 `` sure , '' i say . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 talon and willow skip up as we pass the platform . 
 willow 's constant shadow , her mutt , flea , prances up as well . 
 when they learn where clara and i are going , they ask to come along . 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` sure . '' 
 nothing can spoil my mood . 
 `` anyone else ? '' 
 `` straggler ! '' 
 chirps willow . 
 `` you have to come ! '' 
 `` i 'm busy , willow , '' he calls over . 
 he 's on his back on the platform . 
 it looks like we interrupted his nap . 
 `` you 're not busy ! '' 
 talon shouts . 
 he and willow scuttle over to straggler and grab him by the arms . 
 as i watch , they yank him off the platform and tow him over . 
 i do n't know any adults as persuasive as children . 
 a race begins before we have even emerged from the mouth of the cave . 
 willow darts across the beach , flea barking as he lopes alongside her . 
 clara breaks into a run , kicking up sand behind her . 
 she 's fast , but talon is all heart and determination . 
 i wonder who will win . 
 i plop down to watch , their shrieks and hollers ringing in my ears . 
 willow trips first and tumbles onto the sand , and then clara does . 
 talon throws himself down , i think , because everyone else has done it . 
 the morning is fearsome-a storm is gathering strength above us-but i do n't care . 
 the sound of my sister 's laughter is louder than the crash of the waves . 
 how can this day ever be anything less than perfect ? 
 `` do n't feel like racing ? '' 
 straggler asks as he sits next to me on the sand . 
 `` maybe later . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 straggler shrugs . 
 `` i mean i would . 
 but i twisted my ankle this morning and it 's a little sore . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` oh ... '' he smiles . 
 `` it 's my birthday . '' 
 like that explains everything . 
 `` for your birthday you got a twisted ankle ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a family tradition . 
 whoever 's birthday it is gets pinned down first thing in the morning and roughed up a little . 
 it 's something my brothers and i do to remember . '' 
 `` remember ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` our father . 
 when we were younger , he used to wake us up by tickling us . 
 eventually the whole lot of us got in on it , even our mother . 
 you always knew you 'd wake up pinned down and tickled to the point of crying when it was your birthday . 
 mom and dad passed on , but we still do it . 
 every birthday . 
 except we changed it from tickling , you know , since we 're not little kids anymore . '' 
 `` so you beat each other up . '' 
 `` yeah ... not badly , though . 
 you think it 's strange , do n't you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 their tradition does n't bother me . 
 in fact , i think it 's sweet . 
 but i feel bad for straggler . 
 hyde and hayden are well over six feet-more than a head taller than straggler , who has n't hit his growth spurt yet-and they 're strong . 
 it seems like they have an unfair advantage , but strag must be used to it . 
 as the youngest and smallest , he 's the butt of everyone 's jokes , and he 's forever lagging behind , which earned him his nickname . 
 a shame since his given name , haven , is so beautiful . 
 `` how old are you today ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` sixteen . '' 
 he grins proudly , like he 's automatically become a man . 
 then he glances away , and a giggle slips out of him that 's all boy . 
 `` my brothers said if i ever kissed you , they 'd beat me unconscious . '' 
 well . 
 all right , then . 
 `` they told you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 they 'd never talk . 
 it 's just i overheard them arguing . 
 they were both saying you like them the most , and then the rest sort of came out . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 this was bound to happen . 
 `` do you want to kiss me ? '' 
 straggler makes a squeaking sound . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he says , his eyes flying open . 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 i mean , yes . 
 i would . 
 i do . 
 but i know we are n't going to , so that 's all right . 
 more than all right because of course i did n't expect you to . 
 do that . 
 with me . '' 
 i stare absently at willow , talon , and clara , who have begun another race , as i consider the situation . 
 i have no desire to kiss straggler . 
 my move on plan has changed . 
 hyde and hayden are incredible in their own ways , but i 'm not ready to open my heart again . 
 not yet , but one day i know i will be . 
 one day i 'll find someone who will see me as the best instead of one of the best . 
 i will find a life-sustaining love . 
 but my new plan is to focus on me now . 
 instead of trying to heal a wound , i 'm going to keep doing things that make me feel strong . 
 spending time with clara . 
 protecting my tribe . 
 i can do those . 
 they fill me . 
 and some wounds you ca n't fix by sheer will . 
 you just have to let them heal on their own . 
 regardless of all that , i am going to kiss straggler . 
 not for me , but for him . 
 the contentment inside me is so strong that i have to spread it . 
 i actually feel like trying to be nice . 
 `` haven ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i have a birthday gift for you . '' 
 then i lean over and plant a kiss on his lips . 
 when i draw away , he is stunned , but i 'm not finished yet . 
 i ca n't help but smile , knowing how much my next words will mean to him . 
 `` you can tell both of your brothers i said you were the best . '' 
