 chapter one three years from his to control peter miller stared at the hard stone planted in the graveyard . 
 the name , date , and relevant details were lost on him as he simply looked at the stone . 
 all around him people lay buried beneath the earth where at one time they 'd been in the prime of their life . 
 what had happened to them all ? 
 when they were alive did they experience love ? 
 was their love reciprocated ? 
 he had all these questions about people he did n't know , and yet there were more pressing issues to deal with in his own life . 
 control , the exclusive bdsm club , was thriving even though the residents had tried to shut it down . 
 he worked as a dom there and had trained many subs in the last few years . 
 no matter how many women he trained there was still a void inside him . 
 he was twenty-eight years old , and he 'd achieved next to nothing in his life . 
 for the past ten years he 'd been in love with a woman who was married to another man . 
 that same man had almost died , and instead of taking his shot , he 'd not wanted to . 
 his friendship with laura was different . 
 something was n't the same , and he did n't know what it was . 
 staring at the gravestone he saw the person who 'd passed had once been a son , husband , and a brother . 
 peter was no such thing . 
 his parents had disowned him for being friends with laura and the rest of the cape falls outcasts . 
 the only things he 'd achieved in the last few years were moving out of the small apartment and into a house near control . 
 the salary he was paid for working at the club kept him in a good lifestyle . 
 then he 'd become a good dom . 
 he took care of his women and made sure they got everything he needed . 
 there 's nothing for you here . 
 `` this place is f ** king morbid . 
 why do you always come here ? '' 
 edward banner asked . 
 edward was one of the men who worked at control . 
 he was close friends with the owner , william , and had travelled from england to live in cape falls . 
 peter still could n't believe edward had moved to cape falls . 
 the town was a nightmare . 
 `` i invited you because you needed to get out of the club . 
 be respectful or leave , '' peter said , looking at the gravestone . 
 `` fine , i 'd rather be here , in a cemetery , than dealing with daisy and the twins . 
 i remember a time when william would n't have kids , and now he 's got two sets of twins running amok . '' 
 edward shook his head . 
 `` it 's totally not right . '' 
 peter laughed . 
 in the last three years daisy had become pregnant twice , and both times she 'd given birth to twins . 
 the first set was twin boys , which william had been happy about . 
 the next two were girls , and their father had become over-protective overnight and they had n't even gone to play school . 
 peter felt for the men who 'd come in twenty years wanting to date william 's twin girls . 
 `` he does n't let them near the club , edward . 
 what 's your problem ? '' 
 peter loved children . 
 over the last three years he 'd spent plenty of time with laura 's kids . 
 thinking about laura made pain spike through his heart but not in the usual , yearning , kind of way . 
 something was different , and he hated not knowing what it was . 
 `` i do n't want kids . 
 i hate kids , but daisy 's kids are always around and i find myself wanting something i 'd given up on a long time ago . '' 
 peter glanced up at his friend . 
 `` you 're not serious . '' 
 `` you 're not the only guy who tries to avoid the things that make you want something , '' edward said . 
 peter did n't like how accurate the older man was . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 peter turned away from the gravestone and started toward another one . 
 `` i know a lot more than you think . '' 
 edward followed behind him . 
 `` you avoid any romantic attachment because you 're still yearning for laura , dean 's wife . 
 i 've heard everything . 
 the locals of cape falls love to talk . 
 although , i 'm not seeing the long lost yearning look on your face anymore . 
 maybe you 've moved on ? '' 
 spinning around peter glared at him . 
 `` then explain it to me if you 're such an expert . '' 
 edward rested his hands on his hips . 
 `` dean riley was diagnosed with testicular cancer three years ago . 
 it was in the early stages , and they caught it . 
 he gets regular check-ups and is now in the peak of health . '' 
 peter felt the tears spring to his eyes at the remembered pain on laura 's face . 
 dean and laura had been through a lot in the last three years . 
 `` dean gave you the chance to win his woman . 
 he did n't know how severe the cancer was and wanted you to be the man to take his place , but you would n't do it . 
 you were in love with a woman you could never have . 
 then out of the blue you got a chance , and you did n't take it at all . '' 
 `` that has nothing to do with avoiding , edward . 
 you 've just stated some facts . '' 
 `` i 've never seen you attempt to date other women . 
 you keep women , even your subs , at a distance . 
 no one can get close to you . 
 your friends are the only people you allow close to you , nothing else and no one else . '' 
 peter shrugged . 
 `` what more is there to life ? 
 i ca n't have the woman i love , and i do n't think it 's fair letting another woman get close . 
 it would be unfair of me to let another woman think they 've got a chance with me . '' 
 edward stared at him . 
 `` do you even love laura ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 've been in love with her for ten years , and you 've never really been close to her . 
 are you sure you 're actually in love with her ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 `` i 'm not going to talk with you about this . '' 
 peter headed out of the cemetery with edward following behind him . 
 he 'd walked the entire distance from the club to the cemetery near town . 
 `` why not ? 
 it 's not like i 'm on dean 's side . 
 i imagine everyone knows you 're in love but see dean and laura together , so they do n't really care . '' 
 `` and you 're saying you care ? '' 
 peter asked , amazed . 
 he kept walking , needing the fresh air to keep him sane . 
 `` i 'm your friend . 
 of course i care . '' 
 peter stopped . 
 `` i appreciate your caring , i really do , but i ca n't handle this right now . '' 
 edward reached out , touching his arm . 
 `` you can talk to me . 
 when the time is right , you can talk to me no matter what . '' 
 staring at his hand , peter nodded . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` i better get back to the club . 
 take care , and i 'll see you tonight . '' 
 it was saturday night , and it was always busy on the weekends . 
 `` you certainly will be seeing me . '' 
 peter smiled and watched the other man walk away before heading into town . 
 he passed several people who stared at him . 
 some whispered behind their palms . 
 he did n't care . 
 like every other saturday he went to the library , going straight to the back to grab a book off the shelves . 
 he loved his peace and quiet , but at the library he got to see people while he was doing it . 
 grabbing a book from the shelf , he sat down and flipped open the page . 
 `` you 're here again ? '' 
 rose slater asked . 
 he looked up to see the girl who stocked the shelves . 
 rose was a beautiful woman with blonde hair and blue eyes . 
 he 'd seen her around town and the library many times . 
 she was nineteen and had n't been allowed to go to college . 
 her family would n't let her leave cape falls . 
 yes , rose slater was his only piece of heaven away from the club and all his troubles . 
 `` i thought you 'd be used to me by now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm used to you . 
 i just thought you 'd have something more exciting to do on a saturday . '' 
 she smiled at him , and peter could n't help but be struck by how it lit up her whole face . 
 `` no , nothing interesting . '' 
 he smiled , thinking about his morning trip to the cemetery . 
 `` well , i 'll see you at lunch . '' 
 she turned to leave , and he took the time to admire the curves of her ass . 
 she 's got her whole life ahead of her . 
 leave her alone . 
 staring down at his book , peter could n't help but wish his life had been different . 
 if he 'd not fallen for laura he might have had a chance to experience love with rose . 
 **** rose watched the clock ticking . 
 she was counting down to the time when she got to sit with peter outside of the library and have lunch . 
 he was so handsome , and she knew a lot about him . 
 she remembered him from when she was younger and should n't have developed a crush on him . 
 letting out a sigh , she passed the doorway , carrying some books , and watched as he turned a page of the current book he was reading . 
 in the last ten years peter had changed . 
 gazing through the window she had seen how his boy-next-door good looks had advanced into the masculine strength of a confident man . 
 he looked nothing like the boys whom she used to go to school with . 
 there was a maturity in his depths where there was once a nonchalance about life . 
 peter had changed . 
 his hair had darkened over the years and was no longer a sandy blond . 
 i should n't be thinking about his hair or his muscular body . 
 licking her lips she dropped her gaze to the book in her hand . 
 the title meant nothing to her . 
 she placed the book on the shelf then went around the counter to serve a young girl . 
 the mother glanced in peter 's direction and clucked her tongue . 
 she knew who he was and who his friends were . 
 they were the social outcasts of their small town . 
 rose knew the only reason they put up with them was because of the steer brothers and the fact gabriel was an amazing sheriff . 
 rose saw the mother clucking her tongue , but she noticed the hand the woman pressed to her breast . 
 for as much as she despised peter 's presence , the woman was also affected by him . 
 the town knew he was a dom . 
 he worked at control , and his reputation for being a fair man with women had circulated . 
 the mother and daughter scurried out of the library leaving rose alone with her thoughts and a few of the other staff . 
 she continued to stock the shelves , all the time aware of the man in another room . 
 her body hummed to life whenever he was around . 
 she was drawn to him like a moth to a flame . 
 if her family was to ever find out about her association with him they 'd find some way to stop it . 
 the best part of her day was his visits to the library . 
 it was lame of her , but she really loved seeing him . 
 when he did n't visit her the days always went by slowly . 
 i 'm going to get caught . 
 dropping her gaze to the computer , she started checking the system and typing in the reserves that had been delivered . 
 her family shared the old-fashioned views of the town . 
 she 'd gotten good grades and should have gone to college . 
 her family did n't believe in college . 
 they would n't help her get in , so she was stuck in cape falls working at the library . 
 she loved books but wished there was something else to keep her going . 
 what did n't help her situation was the fact she knew they were planning something . 
 she feared it was a marriage to one of the men they 'd picked out . 
 putting the books on the shelf she glanced through the window and watched as peter kept reading . 
 how had he escaped everything ? 
 there were times she felt like she was drowning in the open air . 
 her family pushed her all the time . 
 they wanted her to be the perfect girl who would marry the man they chose . 
 she did n't want to end up like that . 
 a couple of times she 'd passed control . 
 the only thing her parents allowed her to do was walk . 
 she took long walks and ended up looking at the front gates of control , wondering if her future could be inside there . 
 her thoughts were ridiculous . 
 no one would want to help her . 
 shaking her head , she finished working and was shocked as the clock struck noon peter was waiting for her . 
 he stood by the front doors smiling . 
 grabbing her bag , she walked toward him , and together they headed out onto the grassed area . 
 it was open , and she knew it was only a matter of time before she got caught with him . 
 for now , she loved spending time with him . 
 `` did your mother make your packed lunch ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 she watched him pull a salad out of his inner pocket . 
 it was warm in the late october day , but peter still wore a long jacket . 
 `` yeah , she always does . 
 who packed your lunch ? '' 
 she pointed at the fish salad he started eating . 
 rose made her own lunch . 
 she hated it when her mother interfered with her food . 
 also , she was n't about to tell peter that her mother had banned foods . 
 the cupboards were locked , and all she was allowed was two meals a day . 
 her parents were strict , and they hated her fuller figure . 
 no matter how much she dieted or exercised there was no dropping the extra pounds . 
 banning food and putting chains on the cupboard was her parents ' next radical move . 
 she was scared of what would happen in six months when she did n't lose weight . 
 shaking her head , she pushed the bad memories aside and smiled at peter . 
 `` daisy made this for me today . 
 she 's determined to be a good mother , but that has extended into everything . 
 everyone at the club feels like they 're being mothered . '' 
 rose smiled . 
 daisy sounded nice . 
 `` how is it at the club ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 `` you 're way too young to be told about a bdsm club , rose . 
 maybe when you 're older i 'll consider it , '' he said , taking a bite of what looked like a grape . 
 `` i 'm nineteen . 
 i 'm grown up . '' 
 he stared at her for several seconds . 
 `` have you lost your virginity yet ? 
 been with a guy , multiple guys ? '' 
 heat filled her cheeks , and rose looked down at her spread sandwich . 
 it was low fat spread , and the bread was granary . 
 everything was healthy , even if she did make it herself . 
 she was only allowed two slices of bread a day . 
 her lunch consisted of an apple , banana , and two slices of bread . 
 tears filled her eyes thinking about the extreme way she 'd been living . 
 she was nineteen and worked in a library but still felt extremely dependant on her family . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , i 've never been with a guy or multiple guys . '' 
 peter reached out and touched her chin . 
 `` i should n't have said those things . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no , it 's all right . 
 we 're friends , right ? '' 
 the simple touch of his fingers on her chin was doing crazy things to her insides . 
 `` of course we 're friends . 
 i love spending time with you , rose . '' 
 he looked like he wanted to say something else , but he did n't . 
 `` i love spending time with you as well . '' 
 she took a small bite of her sandwich . 
 rose did n't know what she 'd get for dinner tonight , and just recently her parents had been keeping a diary of everything she was eating and doing . 
 there were times she wished she could confide in someone about what was happening . 
 she never wanted peter to know about her parents , let alone her eating problems . 
 chapter two peter knew he should n't be encouraging her , but he could n't stop himself . 
 when he was around rose , she made him feel alive . 
 the feeling was entirely different from how he felt around laura . 
 for ten years he 'd loved the same woman and watched her fall deeper and deeper in love with another man . 
 watching a woman he could never have had finally take its toll . 
 he 'd been eating lunch with rose for the last six months . 
 she was his pleasure zone . 
 whenever he was in the library and around her , he got the chance to forget all about laura and his connection to her . 
 glancing down at her sandwich , he 'd also recognized her lunch getting smaller , much smaller . 
 he did n't want to say anything as he got the feeling she was very self-conscious about her curves . 
 peter was n't . 
 the curvier the woman the better she was for him . 
 he did n't like playing with very slender women . 
 some of the doms only loved a slender woman , but he always opted for the fuller women . 
 there was something about holding onto a woman 's h * ps as you drove into her . 
 not only that , he loved to stroke their rounded tits and spank their full asses . 
 shaking his head , peter pulled himself out of his thoughts and concentrated on the woman in front of him . 
 rose was a submissive woman . 
 he recognized it in her and had spotted it the first time he walked into the library . 
 her head would bow down until he spoke to her . 
 she also waited for him to open doors . 
 it could be part of her upbringing in cape falls , but he doubted it . 
 since he 'd started his training , he 'd become adept at spotting a sub and knowing how to work with one . 
 many subs had left him more than satisfied . 
 he 'd taken great pride in becoming a dom , and william made sure of it as well . 
 she 's nineteen and has no business being in the club . 
 he would never be with a woman who was too young . 
 rose was only nineteen , and even though she clearly had a maturity about her , she was still young and she had n't been with a man . 
 she needed to know what it was like to be with a man sexually before he 'd consider touching her . 
 yet the thought of another man revealing her curvy body to his viewing pleasure made him so mad . 
 `` would you like to try some of my salad ? '' 
 he asked , offering some to her . 
 her gaze drifted down to his plastic tub , but she shook her head . 
 `` no , thank you . 
 i 've got my lunch . '' 
 he did n't pry even though he wanted to . 
 `` so , do you see yourself working in the library for the rest of your life ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she gazed at him , her blue depths watering as she stared at him . 
 `` i doubt i 'll be working here much longer . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 rose licked her lips looking past his shoulder . 
 `` my family are old-fashioned . 
 i think they 're trying to marry me off . 
 they 're plotting something , but i do n't know what . '' 
 the smile she gave him was empty . 
 `` they have no idea you 're talking to me , do they ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i never want to tell them because if i do then they 'd take it away from me . '' 
 peter hurt for her . 
 he knew she was suffering , and there was nothing he could do to help . 
 her family were the ones in control . 
 it was how cape falls worked . 
 the parents made the decisions , and the children did as they were told . 
 their town had survived like this for many generations . 
 he , laura , anna , and daisy had been the few people to make it out of cape falls with their own kind of family . 
 they were a unit , and they always went into town together . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` why ? 
 you ca n't do anything about it . 
 it 's the way it is . '' 
 she dropped her gaze to eat more of her sandwich . 
 peter wished he could take her troubles away , but there was nothing he could do . 
 he could n't offer her anything . 
 his love was for laura and would always be for her . 
 loving laura was something he was used to . 
 reaching out , he held rose 's hand , pulling her hand close to his chest . 
 `` i really wish there was something i could do to help you . '' 
 `` there 's nothing you can do . 
 i 'm sorry for bringing it up to you . '' 
 he shushed her , staring into her face . 
 `` we 're friends , rose . 
 we talk to each other about our troubles . '' 
 silence met his words , and they stayed still for several seconds . 
 `` rose , is that you ? '' 
 peter turned to the noise to see a young man , a little older than rose , approach them . 
 he was with three other men , who were looking at rose as if she was something to eat . 
 he did n't like their attention , and his hands fisted at his side . 
 `` shit . '' 
 peter heard her whisper . 
 `` i 'm guessing they 're some of the people who you do n't want to know ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` they 'll tell my parents and ruin everything . '' 
 she pulled her hand away and started to eat her sandwich . 
 `` i thought it was you . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 the mystery man came to stand beside rose . 
 peter stared at him , seeing the possessive glint written in his eyes . 
 he wanted to know who the man was so he could put him in his place . 
 `` hi , brad , i 'm just eating lunch with peter . '' 
 brad , the mystery man now had a name , turned his attention . 
 peter saw the assessment because he was doing his own . 
 what he saw in brad was lacking . 
 the man was cruel . 
 peter did n't know how he knew it , only that he did . 
 what he also did n't like was the way he knelt down beside rose and started playing with a strand of her long hair . 
 her blonde hair was long enough to cover her full ass . 
 she kept it in a ponytail , so the strands lifted up a little and rested above the curve of her ass . 
 `` peter miller , right ? '' 
 brad asked , offering his hand . 
 `` the very one , and you are ? '' 
 peter did n't take the offered hand and continued eating his lunch . 
 `` i 'm a friend of rose 's . '' 
 rose was shaking . 
 peter wanted to make her shaking disappear . 
 `` i 've got to get back to work , '' rose said . 
 when she made to pass him , peter grabbed her hand . 
 `` lunch was lovely , rose . 
 thank you . '' 
 she glanced at the other men , nodded and turned away . 
 peter returned his attention back to the men . 
 they were all stood watching her leave . 
 he got to his feet and pocketed his empty lunch box . 
 `` you should n't be around her . 
 what 's the matter ? 
 not enough sluts visiting your club that you 've got to pry women out of town , '' brad said . 
 staring at the man , peter knew rose would be in trouble if brad got near her . 
 his gut was telling him to protect her . 
 he stepped up close to brad and found he had to look down at the man . 
 `` do n't talk about the club like that . '' 
 walking past them , he felt all four men follow him . 
 cutting through the path he saw it was secluded , and he sensed they 'd make a move . 
 none of them was a match for him no matter what they thought . 
 peter spun around to face them , taking them by surprise . 
 `` you should n't come near rose again , '' brad said . 
 `` and you 're going to stop me ? '' 
 peter folded his arms . 
 brad 's three friends held back . 
 `` yeah , i am . '' 
 brad lunged at him , and peter grabbed the man , pushing him up against the hard brick wall . 
 `` i do n't know , and i do n't really give a shit , who you are . 
 do n't threaten me , and do n't go telling rose 's parents . 
 i may be a lot of things , brad , but i know how to f ** k you up and your friends . '' 
 he leaned in close to the guy 's ear . 
 `` and guess what ? 
 i 've got friends , too . '' 
 he shoved the little prick back to his friends . 
 `` back off . '' 
 leaving the scene , peter did n't feel better . 
 he was worried about rose . 
 the town of cape falls may be having changes , but the people were still stuck in the past . 
 **** rose saw brad and his friends enter the library . 
 they were not good men , but brad came from a good , wealthy family and everyone put up with him . 
 he scared her , as did the others in his group . 
 licking her lips , she grabbed the cart of books and made her way around the library putting more books on shelves . 
 her job was not exciting , and she knew laura , dean 's wife , had once been in her position . 
 they were two women who were going to end up very differently . 
 she made her way into one of the rooms and started putting books back into the medical section . 
 after a few minutes she started to relax . 
 she loved her lunch with peter , even if he had broken her heart . 
 he 'd pretty much made it clear there was no chance for him and her to ever be together . 
 it was incredibly stupid of her to think anything could change . 
 peter was totally out of her league , and she 'd never have a shot with him . 
 she jumped at the sound of the door to the room closed and locked . 
 turning to face the door she saw brad with his three friends . 
 the blinds in the room were closed . 
 no one could enter or see what was going on . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her pulse jumped like crazy inside her chest . 
 she 'd heard many rumours about these four men . 
 a lot of gossip surrounded them with no proof to back it up . 
 the three men stood separate from one another as brad moved in closer . 
 she watched him , terrified . 
 rose had noticed his gaze on her whenever she was in town . 
 he made her skin crawl , and it took every ounce of willpower not to flinch away from him . 
 `` your parents do n't know peter visits here , do they ? '' 
 she glanced at him and then at the three men . 
 their arms were folded , and smirks were on their face . 
 her heart raced . 
 cape falls was a shitty town , but the rumours about these men were the worst . 
 she heard they preyed on women , raped them , but they always had an alibi . 
 the women left cape falls or ended up in some accident . 
 she hated it and hated them . 
 `` no , he sits in a room and reads . 
 there 's nothing else to it . 
 he has a right to visit the library as well . '' 
 brad laughed . 
 `` he 's f ** king scum , rose . 
 you should n't allow him near you or to touch you . '' 
 he reached out to stroke her face , and she flinched away . 
 brad paused with his hand mid-air . 
 his friends laughed . 
 she stayed still as brad stroked her cheek . 
 `` i do n't want you eating with him again . 
 i 'll be here from now on . 
 you stay away from him . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rose bit her lip as he grabbed both her arms and hauled her up close to his body . 
 `` because i 'll tell your parents and then there will be nowhere for you to turn . '' 
 brad lowered his head , and rose turned her face in time . 
 his lips brushed against her cheek . 
 `` remember , i 'll be around , rose . '' 
 she did n't like the sound of his voice . 
 he scared her so much . 
 brad held her in his arms , and she kept her gaze on his chest not wanting to look into his eyes . 
 please leave . 
 please leave . 
 please leave . 
 she repeated the words to stop herself from screaming them out . 
 soon they left the room . 
 rose watched them leave and took a deep breath . 
 they were scary men , and she did n't want to have to be alone with them ever again . 
 after her shift at the library she made her way home . 
 her parents were not home yet , but it would only be a matter of time . 
 she entered their home and went straight to the kitchen . 
 rose was starving , and she really needed to eat . 
 glancing at the cupboards she saw them all locked and bolted . 
 turning to the fridge she looked inside . 
 her mother had marked where the milk was when she left , and everything was put in place . 
 if she ate anything her parents would know . 
 they were controlling everything . 
 she left the kitchen and made her way toward the laundry closet . 
 there was where she found the scales and the measuring tape , along with the notebook her mother kept at her father 's insistence . 
 every morning without fail she was forced to stand on the scales , and then she was measured around the waist , hips , arms and br ** sts . 
 her father would check the numbers and decide what to do . 
 growing up she 'd never suffered with this . 
 her parents fed her without concern at all . 
 they 'd given her chocolate , sweets , and healthy meals . 
 it was only recently her food ban had come into force , along with the regular checks on her weight and measurements . 
 closing the door , she headed upstairs to her room . 
 she was n't allowed a lock , and her mother cleaned her room every day . 
 there was no chance of privacy . 
 her mother believed privacy was overrated and she needed to do what her parents requested of her . 
 i 'm nineteen and nothing but a prisoner . 
 she walked to her window and looked out over the horizon . 
 her bedroom had a clear view of the outskirts of town . 
 many times she 'd wondered what it would be like to simply empty her bank account and leave without looking back . 
 once she left she 'd be in charge of her future . 
 there would be no more weighing scales or locked cupboards . 
 she 'd be free to do what she wanted when she wanted to do it . 
 letting out a sigh , she rid her mind of the thoughts . 
 her mother 's words came back to her . 
 `` you leave this house and this town and you 'll never survive . 
 you 'll be at the mercy of some pimp who 'll use you and your body . 
 can you hack having a new man between your thighs every minute ? '' 
 over the years she 'd grown terrified of leaving her parental home . 
 she would n't last two minutes out in the real world . 
 **** brad entered his parents ' home with his friends following behind him . 
 both his parents were at work , and there was no one home , which was how he liked it . 
 his family were not as rich as the steer brothers , but they were close to it . 
 `` did you see the look on her face ? 
 she 's terrified of you , '' adam said . 
 he smirked , going into the games room and taking a seat . 
 thinking about rose made his dick rock hard . 
 `` terrified she may be , but soon she 'll be my woman and i can do whatever the f ** k i want with her . '' 
 all three friends turned to him . 
 they 'd been with him growing up and knew what he was like . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 tyler asked , smirking . 
 `` my dad put in a word with her dad . 
 they 're following strict instructions to put her through an eating regimen . 
 she 's been reduced to two meals a day and is weighed every morning . '' 
 adam and tyler smirked . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 there 's no way the slaters would put their daughter through that , '' john said . 
 shaking his head , brad grabbed the notebook , which updated her progress . 
 he threw it at john . 
 `` i told you , she 's going to be mine very soon . '' 
 john shook his head . 
 `` if you already like her then why are you putting her through this ? '' 
 brad looked at his friend . 
 they 'd done a lot together . 
 they always had each other 's backs , and if one of them was to fall , they 'd all fall . 
 their secrets were what bound them together . 
 brad was n't going to jail for messing with a couple of sluts , and neither were any of his friends . 
 `` the power . 
 i 'm in control , and rose will know who 's the boss . 
 i do n't want a wife who goes out to work . 
 i want a wife who knows her place . 
 rose will know her place , and then we can all have a chance to play with her . '' 
 he noticed john did n't smile right away where adam and tyler did . 
 in the next second john started smiling , putting brad 's mind at ease . 
 brad had big plans for rose . 
 she was going to learn her place when it came to his friends . 
 he looked forward to training her for his personal needs . 
 chapter three peter sat inside william 's sitting room watching him hold one of his daughters . 
 he heard daisy laughing in the distance , and he stared at his friend and boss . 
 the last thing he 'd anticipated on a weekend was to be called in for a chat . 
 william 's chats were always personal and about problems . 
 rubbing his head , peter glanced at his watch . 
 the last two days this week rose had n't eaten lunch with him . 
 brad had arrived just as they were leaving , taking her away from him . 
 he despised the man . 
 there was something about brad that made peter tense around him . 
 the guy was bad news . 
 he did n't like him one bit , and rose was looking weak . 
 since he 'd last seen her on saturday , she 'd seemed fine . 
 it was wednesday , and she was already looking pale and withdrawn . 
 he hated it , and what he hated even more was the fact he could n't bring himself to stop it . 
 his heart belonged to another woman . 
 there was no chance for him to enter a relationship knowing laura was the only one who owned his heart . 
 `` you 've not taken a sub , peter , '' william said . 
 `` we 've discussed this before . 
 i 'm not ready to take a sub , and i 'm not going to commit to a woman when i 'm elsewhere , '' he said . 
 they argued about this regularly . 
 peter never took a permanent sub . 
 he trained many and gave the women who wanted him some time . 
 he never got too close to the women and always remained impassive . 
 william looked angered . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . 
 we 're all worried about you . '' 
 `` edward told you about my cemetery trips ? '' 
 peter asked , knowing he was going to hurt the other man when he next saw him . 
 `` yeah , he did , and frankly i 'm worried . '' 
 william stood up , tapping his daughter 's diaper covered bottom . 
 `` i do n't see why you 're worried . 
 i 'm good at what i do . '' 
 `` dean riley did n't die . 
 he was more than happy to step aside and let you have laura , and you refused . 
 he did n't die , and he 's still happily married to the woman you 'd gladly take a bullet for . '' 
 there was a time when those words would have cut through him . 
 peter fisted his hands at his sides to try to find something to make him feel again . 
 `` do you think i visit the cemetery wishing dean was there ? '' 
 peter asked , disgusted by william 's assumption . 
 `` frankly , yeah i do . '' 
 peter stood . 
 `` no , i do n't visit the cemetery because i 'm a sick f ** k. i 'm in love with laura , and she 's happy because dean 's alive . 
 i visit the cemetery to think . 
 i 'm not wishing for anything , william , and to be honest , your suggestion is f ** king insulting . '' 
 he stormed out of the room and crashed into daisy . 
 she fell on her ass . 
 `` shit , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he reached down helping her to her feet . 
 `` no , it 's okay . 
 the kids keep me on my toes , and i refuse to hire a nanny . 
 i 'm going to be the best mom i can be . '' 
 peter smiled at her . 
 `` you 'll be fantastic . '' 
 he did n't give her chance to talk to him . 
 william called out to him , but he ignored the shouts of his name . 
 he left the gates of william 's house and club and surprised himself by heading toward dean 's home . 
 it had been a couple of month since he 'd last seen the couple . 
 they 'd left cape falls to go on a vacation around europe . 
 driving up to their front door , he saw laura near the side of the house hanging out washing . 
 he took the time to admire her fuller curves . 
 after a couple of kids , she 'd gotten bigger in the h * ps and br ** sts . 
 every time he looked at her , peter was blown away by her beauty and her strength . 
 staring at her now , nothing happened . 
 she was a beauty and he admired her , but nothing happened . 
 there was no reaction to her presence at all . 
 dean opened the front door , smiling at him . 
 climbing out of the car he headed to the front door . 
 `` it has been a while since we 've seen you , '' dean said , holding his hand out for him to shake . 
 peter shook his hand and headed inside . 
 he laughed as their kids jumped on him , demanding hugs and kisses before laura entered the house , steering them away . 
 `` i 'm so pleased you stopped by , '' she said , hugging him . 
 closing his eyes , he inhaled her scent before pulling away , feeling uncomfortable . 
 it did n't feel right anymore . 
 peter frowned when his lower body did n't respond to her . 
 usually he had to be careful around her because his c ** k always hardened . 
 maybe he was tired . 
 `` i 'm here to see dean and find out how he 's getting on . '' 
 `` okay , '' laura said , smiling . 
 `` i 'll leave you two alone . '' 
 they entered dean 's study where all the magical stories happened . 
 `` i did n't think you were going to stop by , '' dean said , taking a seat . 
 `` for a long time i was n't going to . 
 i just needed to get away from the club and from william . '' 
 he took a seat opposite dean and looked at the older man . 
 dean was nearing fifty whereas peter and laura were only twenty-eight years old . 
 it was a big age gap , but the two were in love . 
 `` i 'm pleased you stopped by . 
 there 's something i wanted to ask you , '' dean said , leaning forward . 
 `` are you all clear of the cancer ? 
 do you get regular appointments and checks ? '' 
 peter asked , cutting dean off . 
 `` yes on all counts . 
 it 's miraculous what 's happened . 
 when i was told i had cancer i was expecting the worst . 
 i did n't want to leave laura alone in the world . '' 
 peter nodded . 
 he would n't want to leave laura alone , period . 
 he would n't want to leave any woman alone at all , not if she belonged to him . 
 silence fell on the room . 
 `` i 'm pleased you survived , '' peter said , thinking about william 's words . 
 `` i need to ask you something , and i do n't want you to take offence , okay , '' dean said . 
 rubbing his hands together , peter waited for dean to speak . 
 `` why did you help me get better ? '' 
 dean asked . 
 peter burst out laughing . 
 `` is this a sick joke ? '' 
 `` you 've been in love with laura for as long as i 've known her . 
 i knew , when i found out the news that no matter what happened , you 'd be there to care for her . 
 she would always have you . '' 
 dean leaned forward , staring at him . 
 `` you want laura , i know you do , yet you could have had her and you made me fight the cancer . 
 you 've done everything in your power to make sure laura is happy . 
 why ? 
 you could be in my place right now . 
 i know if i was to go , laura would get the chance to fall for you . '' 
 peter shook his head , standing and pacing dean 's office . 
 `` why is it so hard for everyone to believe i 've been a good guy ? 
 why does there have to be an ulterior motive ? '' 
 running fingers through his hair , peter stopped and glared at the man before him . 
 `` i was never going to let you die just so i could have a chance with laura . 
 i love her , yes , and i 'll do everything for her . 
 but i would never be happy being second best , dean . 
 i could have made laura love me , but you 'd always be number one . '' 
 staring around the room , peter needed to get out of their house . 
 he could n't be here . 
 `` i 've got to go . '' 
 storming out of the house , he got behind the wheel . 
 laura was standing in the doorway looking at him . 
 he threw the car into reverse and headed into town . 
 there was only one person he wanted to see , one person who did n't look at him like he was going to crack under the pressure , and that was rose . 
 finding the first available parking space , he climbed out of his car and headed into the library . 
 when he did n't see her at the counter , he searched the library looking for her . 
 he found her alone in the history section . 
 walking into the room , he closed and locked the door . 
 she turned to look at him . 
 the fear in her eyes died down and was replaced with pleasure . 
 `` peter , '' she said . 
 he did n't give her chance to ask him anything . 
 closing the distance between them , he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close . 
 rose gasped . 
 staring into her clear blue eyes , he slammed his lips down on hers . 
 he was being selfish , but he could n't stop himself . 
 peter needed to feel her against him . 
 the world was threatening to swallow him whole , and rose was the only person who could ground him . 
 **** there was no chance rose was going to break the kiss . 
 peter 's arms surrounded her , trapping her against his hard body and the book shelves . 
 closing her eyes , she opened her mouth for his searching tongue . 
 he deepened the kiss , exploring her mouth . 
 his grip tightened on her ass as he rubbed himself against her . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck , moaning . 
 no words were necessary as he kissed her . 
 after what felt like days but she knew it was only minutes , peter broke the kiss . 
 `` i 'm not backing away . 
 brad can go and suck his own dick . 
 you 're eating lunch with me from now on , understand ? '' 
 he asked . 
 words failed her , and she nodded her head , agreeing with him . 
 `` good , i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 and like that , peter left the library . 
 lunch time was over , and now her thoughts were all over the place . 
 what was she going to do ? 
 brad could ruin everything , and he 'd not missed a lunch time yet . 
 pushing her troubled thoughts to the back of her mind , she finished her shift at the library and headed home . 
 she could n't stop thinking about that kiss . 
 peter sure knew how to use his lips . 
 rose had never been kissed before in her life . 
 pressing fingers to her lips , she could n't help but smile . 
 when she got home she was shocked to see her parents home . 
 entering the front door she found her mother waiting for her . 
 `` we 're having guests tonight . 
 you 're to go get bathed and changed . 
 i 've set out an appropriate dress . '' 
 her mother dismissed her . 
 not seeing the sense in arguing with her , rose walked upstairs to her bedroom . 
 she saw a peach dress laid out on the bed , along with a pair of black pumps . 
 shaking her head , she climbed into the bath and washed herself . 
 all the time , she could n't stop thinking about peter and his expert lips on hers . 
 they were the only thoughts she wanted to have . 
 once she was done in the bath , she dried her body and hair and started to get changed . 
 she heard the door go , opening and closing . 
 minutes passed , and her mother shouted up the stairs requesting her presence . 
 staring in the mirror , she saw the dress was a perfect fit . 
 she hated it . 
 her stomach growled . 
 she was n't allowed breakfast anymore , and her lunch consisted of fruit . 
 brad did n't offer her anything more , and whenever he saw her lunch , he smirked . 
 spending time with him and his crazy friends scared her . 
 her only consolation was the fact lunch was spent near other people . 
 leaving her bedroom , she made her way downstairs to where her parents were waiting in the sitting room . 
 `` there she is . 
 come on in , rose , '' her father said . 
 she froze when she saw brad with his parents . 
 what were they doing here ? 
 swallowing past the lump in her throat , she headed toward the only seat available . 
 the room was silent as she took her seat . 
 brad smiled at her . 
 `` can i get a refill ? '' 
 brad asked . 
 `` certainly . 
 rose , get brad a refill on his wine , '' her mother said . 
 feeling sick to her stomach , rose moved into the kitchen , grabbing the wine bottle . 
 brad still had his crazy smile as she refilled his glass . 
 there was water for her . 
 she poured out some wine and took her seat . 
 her thoughts returned to peter and the kiss . 
 soon they moved into the dining room . 
 rose blanked everything out . 
 she 'd learned from a young age to keep quiet at her parents ' dinners . 
 brad spooned food onto her plate , and no one questioned what he fed her . 
 she noticed he did n't put much on her plate , and he did n't give her seconds . 
 when she reached for more food , her mother shot her a glare , stopping her from eating . 
 tears filled her eyes , but she glanced down at her lap . 
 she sank her nails into the flesh of her thighs , to stop herself from calling out . 
 after peter 's kiss , this was turning into the worst night of her life . 
 `` rose , why do n't you and brad go up to your room ? '' 
 her father asked . 
 she frowned . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 no boy was allowed in her room . 
 `` do it , and do n't argue . '' 
 brad grabbed her arm , leading her out of the room . 
 `` you should learn to do as you 're told , '' he said , escorting her upstairs . 
 dread filled her , making her stomach turn . 
 she 'd not eaten enough , but with brad leading her upstairs she was thankful . 
 he knew where her room was , which she did n't like . 
 brad closed the door , taking a seat on her bed . 
 `` this is nice . '' 
 `` why are you here , brad ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` our parents are not friends . 
 there 's no reason for you to be here . '' 
 `` well , you see , that 's where things are about to change . '' 
 he got off the bed , moving toward her . 
 she took a step back . 
 brad reached behind him pulling out a small black box . 
 `` our parents already think it 's a great idea . 
 you 're going to be my wife , rose . '' 
 the wall stopped her from moving . 
 his hand curved around her waist , halting her progress . 
 brad opened the box , but she could n't bring herself to look at him . 
 `` we ca n't get married . 
 we do n't know each other , and we 've not dated or anything . '' 
 her pulse pounded as she saw her words were falling on deaf ears . 
 brad did n't care , and from the look of it , neither did her parents . 
 they 'd already agreed to this . 
 she was alone . 
 `` you 'll be my wife . '' 
 he released his hold on her and grabbed her hand . 
 there was no use fighting him . 
 brad was stronger than she was . 
 he slid the ring on her finger . 
 pain radiated in her chest . 
 the ring was a perfect fit . 
 one of his hands banded around her waist as the other palm slammed beside her head , on the wall . 
 `` and that f ** king peter miller will keep his hands away from what is mine . '' 
 her eyes widened as she looked at him . 
 he could n't have seen that kiss , could he ? 
 `` i saw the f ** king kiss , rose . 
 you did n't fight him . 
 i saw everything . 
 he did n't close the f ** king blinds . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` i suggest you kiss me the same way , or i tell your parents everything . 
 they 'll cut you off , and you 'll be on the streets with nothing . '' 
 he kissed her lips , and rose let him . 
 she did n't fight him , but she did n't respond either . 
 brad leaned away . 
 `` i suggest you kiss me , or i 'll make sure your food is taken away from you and your parents let you move in with me . 
 i know adam , tyler , and john want a piece of you . 
 i always share what 's mine with my friends . '' 
 she watched him , feeling sick . 
 rose needed to stop this . 
 he turned to leave her room . 
 for now , she needed to follow his rules . 
 she needed to find a way out of this . 
 grabbing his arms , she wrapped her arms around brad 's neck and kissed him . 
 rose closed her eyes imagining it was peter . 
 rose vowed she would find a way to get out of this . 
 she was never going to be at the mercy of brad or his friends . 
 chapter four peter had n't seen rose at the library the following day or the day after that . 
 he found out from one of the women working there that she 'd handed in her notice . 
 seeing no reason to stick around the library , he no longer went back . 
 laura had left the library stopping his visits and now rose . 
 what was wrong with him that the women always seemed to leave him ? 
 stop feeling f ** king morbid . 
 leaving the library he saw gabriel leaving his patrol car . 
 he waved at the other man . 
 peter had a lot of respect for gabriel . 
 he 'd taken on amy and another man 's kids and raised them as his own . 
 `` hello , gabriel . 
 we 've not seen you or amy at the club recently , '' peter said , hugging him . 
 `` we 've been looking at moving out of cape falls . 
 amy does n't like living here anymore . 
 she wants to leave . '' 
 his words shocked peter . 
 `` you 're planning on leaving cape falls ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking at a position elsewhere . 
 it 's not healthy here to raise two kids . 
 the town folk are not accepting of our ways . 
 the steer brothers are fighting with anna to stay . 
 we talked with paul and david , and they 're ready to leave cape falls altogether . '' 
 this was news to peter . 
 `` wow , okay . 
 i never thought anyone would leave the town . 
 it 's such a beautiful place , '' peter said . 
 `` it 's a beautiful area , but the people bring it down . 
 they 're awful , and i agree with amy . 
 our kids will be going to the same school as the locals , and we ca n't let that happen . 
 so much has happened , and they 're already being picked on . 
 i ca n't let it happen . '' 
 gabriel appeared to have aged years in the last few months . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , '' peter said , meaning it . 
 `` speaking of trouble , do you know rose slater ? '' 
 gabriel asked . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 peter tensed thinking about the other woman . 
 `` she keeps coming into the station and then turns around leaving it . 
 i do n't know what to do with her . 
 it happens a couple of times a day , '' gabriel said . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on , '' peter said . 
 he knew where she lived , and he was going to find out . 
 `` okay , i 'll come and see william soon . 
 do n't let him know about my leaving . '' 
 peter waited for gabriel to leave before heading in the opposite direction . 
 he was worried about rose . 
 her quitting the library was not like her . 
 she 'd spoken to him about going to college and doing so many things . 
 why would she suddenly be frequenting the sheriff 's office ? 
 none of it made sense to him . 
 crossing town , he headed toward her home . 
 there were no cars in the driveway . 
 he opened the gate , going down the garden path toward her house . 
 before he could bail out he knocked on the door . 
 after several minutes rose opened the door . 
 her eyes went wide when she saw him . 
 he saw she was shaking , and she looked past his shoulder . 
 `` what 's going on , rose , and do n't f ** king lie to me , '' he asked , warning her . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 frustration ate at him . 
 charging past her , peter slammed the door . 
 rose looked sick . 
 her blonde hair was bound in a clip , and she folded her arms . 
 he saw her shaking , and he also heard the sound of her stomach growling . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 peter cupped her cheek , and she stared at his chest . 
 wanting answers , he charged down her house , and when he passed the kitchen he glanced inside . 
 `` peter , please , stop . 
 you should n't be here , '' rose said . 
 he stopped and looked at the kitchen . 
 what he saw turned his stomach . 
 going inside , he tested the chains to make sure it was n't a trick . 
 they were locked solid . 
 opening the fridge he saw the lines on the milk and the monitoring of the fridge . 
 `` what the f ** k is this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she lifted a hand to her face , wiping her eyes . 
 he saw the glint of a diamond on her ring finger . 
 grabbing her hand , he looked at the ring . 
 `` tell me what 's going on now , '' he said . 
 tears filled her eyes as she stared at him . 
 `` my mom and dad will be home soon . '' 
 `` then you better f ** king explain fast . '' 
 he let go of her hand . 
 `` how does a woman who wants to go to college and enjoys working at the library suddenly get engaged and quit her job ? '' 
 `` you do n't understand ? '' 
 `` why is that same woman being monitored on what she eats ? '' 
 peter had heard about this sort of lifestyle before for a submissive . 
 some submissives allowed for this kind of lifestyle . 
 rose was not in a submissive relationship . 
 she was in her parents ' house . 
 leaving the kitchen , he opened doors , cupboards and drawers looking for the scales , tape measure and notebook . 
 he found them in the long cupboard . 
 flicking them open he got the answers as to why her lunch had been reduced . 
 `` tell me what the f ** k is happening , or i 'm phoning gabriel to report abuse . '' 
 he grabbed his cell phone ready to do it . 
 `` do n't . 
 it 's brad and my family . '' 
 peter stopped , looking at her . 
 `` speak , rose . '' 
 she looked behind her before speaking . 
 `` i 'm engaged to brad , the guy you saw at the library . 
 he 's the one who organised that . '' 
 she pointed at the book in his hand . 
 `` if i do n't marry him then my parents will kick me out . 
 i do n't have what it takes to survive on my own , peter . 
 i 've got to do what they say . '' 
 `` you look hungry , rose . 
 what are your meal times now , and what are you allowed ? '' 
 he asked . 
 her cheeks were red . 
 he did n't give a shit about her embarrassment . 
 this kind of control was not healthy , especially to a woman like rose . 
 they were starving her and could be doing long term damage . 
 `` i 'm allowed a slice of toast for breakfast , two pieces of fruit for lunch and some dinner . 
 i also have to complete ten miles a day on the running machine . 
 brad does n't want a fat bitch , and i 'm to stick to a strict regimen and be a v-virgin on my wedding day . '' 
 tears were pouring down her face as she spoke . 
 his heart went out to her . 
 `` why did n't you come to me ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 he would have done something to help her . 
 `` why would i come to you , peter ? 
 you 're in love with another woman . 
 i 've got no one else to turn to . 
 i know this is my future . '' 
 peter closed the distance , cupping her face . 
 `` this future will get you killed , rose . 
 brad 's the one in control , and what makes you think he 's not going to stop this control or make it worse ? 
 he could make you go days without food . '' 
 he stopped as his anger threatened to consume him . 
 rose was being abused , and from the look inside the book this had been her life for a good few months and he 'd not seen it . 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` he scares me , peter . 
 if i do n't do as he says he 's going to share me with his friends . 
 i do n't want to do that . 
 i would n't survive that . 
 i 'll be good . 
 i promised . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , that 's not going to happen . 
 brad is bad news . '' 
 peter cupped her cheek , resting his head against hers . 
 `` there 's no stopping it . '' 
 `` yeah , there is . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 `` you 're coming with me . '' 
 he stormed up the stairs , opening the doors until he found her room . 
 **** rose had to stop him , but as she followed him up the stairs and entered her room , she could n't form the words . 
 she watched him throw her clothes into an overnight bag , pack up some of her books , and then he was done . 
 peter was saving her from her parents and from brad . 
 it was only a matter of time before something bad happened to her . 
 she knew the rumours about brad had to be true . 
 the way he kept warning her about sharing her with his three friends scared her . 
 each time he mentioned it , he looked more and more aroused . 
 there was no stopping him , and brad was the one who held all the cards right now . 
 he made sure she knew who was in control of her and the situation . 
 `` you ca n't take me with you . 
 if brad finds out ... '' she could n't finish her words . 
 `` i 'm counting on brad finding out . 
 i 'm not afraid of that little prick . '' 
 the violence in peter 's words shocked her . 
 `` no one should ever withhold food like that . '' 
 he dropped her cases and stood near a wall . 
 she could n't tear her gaze away as he thumped the wall . 
 `` peter , do n't . 
 you 'll hurt your hand . '' 
 `` i do n't give a f ** k about my hand . '' 
 peter turned to her , his hands cupping her face . 
 `` no one should ever do what they 've done to you . 
 he was wrong , and your parents were wrong to follow those orders . '' 
 he brushed her lips with his , and then they were walking down to the front door . 
 `` wait , i 've got nowhere else to go . 
 this is my only home , and i 'm not cut out to be alone . '' 
 her mother 's past words stopped her in her tracks . 
 `` you 're staying with me , '' he said . 
 `` i would never let you go , rose . 
 you 'll be safe with me . 
 i promise . '' 
 he stopped to talk to her . 
 she wanted to go with him , but her sudden fear held her back . 
 `` rose , if you stay here you 're going to end up married to brad . 
 when that happens , your voice will no longer be heard in this town . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 she got the message loud and clear . 
 once she married brad no one would care . 
 this was her only opportunity to get away from that . 
 `` get me out of here . '' 
 grabbing her hand , peter led her out of her home , across town toward his car . 
 rose noticed several of the town locals stare at them . 
 she dropped her head unable to meet their gaze . 
 peter did n't seem to care . 
 `` let the bastards look . 
 what will it take to get these people out of the dark ages ? '' 
 she wished she knew what he was talking about . 
 rose had lived this way her whole life and did n't know any differently . 
 he helped her into the passenger side of the car . 
 once her case was in the backseat , peter climbed in the front and pulled out of the parking lot . 
 `` you should n't be alone for some time . 
 i do n't think brad is going to take too kindly to this , and there 's something about him i do n't trust , '' he said . 
 she did n't argue . 
 there was a cruelty to brad , and she hated it . 
 being near the other man made her feel dirty . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 staring down at her hands , rose could n't meet his stare . 
 `` i did n't know what else to do . 
 before i knew what was happening i was engaged . 
 they 'd already quit for me at the library . 
 i did n't have a say in anything . 
 i was alone . '' 
 he grabbed her hand , squeezing her tight . 
 `` you 're not alone anymore . 
 i 'm here , and nothing is going to happen to you . '' 
 in no time at all he was pulling into his private drive . 
 `` this is it , my home . '' 
 opening her door , she climbed out and went toward the back . 
 peter already had her case in hand . 
 she waited for him to unlock the door , and they entered together . 
 he put her case down near the door . 
 `` i 'll settle you in a room shortly . 
 first , you need to eat . '' 
 peter took her hand once more , leading her to the kitchen . 
 `` i ca n't do you a large breakfast . 
 we 're going to start slow to bring your strength back , okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 he left her to get a seat as he stared cracking eggs into a bowl . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 've not eaten properly in some time . 
 if i put too much food inside you quickly you 'll get ill . 
 we 're going to settle on a two egged omelette and then build it up . 
 i want you to eat small snacks and build your appetite back up , '' he said . 
 `` you know your way around a kitchen pretty good . '' 
 she smiled , trying to distract him from his obvious anger . 
 `` i 'm not angry at you , rose . 
 i 'm angry at the town and your parents . 
 they put you in real danger . 
 you do n't deserve to be in danger . '' 
 he stopped whisking , leaning his hands on the counter . 
 she noticed he was counting . 
 `` parents should never do that to their kids . '' 
 `` i think brad 's parents were paying mine . 
 he wanted me to know how much control he had over the situation . 
 i know it does n't help , but it 's what he wanted to me to know . '' 
 peter shook his head . 
 `` he 's a f ** king coward and a loser . 
 the boy pretends to be a man when all he 's doing is living off his dad 's money . '' 
 rose remained silent . 
 `` anyway , let 's get you fed . '' 
 she stayed silent while he cooked . 
 at home her mother did all the cooking , and it was foreign for her to see a man in the kitchen . 
 he brought over a plate , placing it in front of her . 
 `` eat up . 
 i know you 'll want more , but trust me on this . '' 
 when would he realise that he was the only person she trusted ? 
 she could n't even bring herself to talk to the sheriff , and he was supposed to be there for people who needed him . 
 she took small bites , relishing the taste of the beautifully cooked omelette . 
 rose wanted more but ate only what he put in front of her . 
 peter showed her to one of the spare rooms after she finished her dinner . 
 `` i want you to take a shower and then rest . '' 
 `` it 's a little early for sleep , '' she said . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 you need your sleep . 
 i wo n't be leaving the house today . 
 do as i ask . '' 
 rose nodded not wanting to push her luck . 
 she was grateful to him for taking her away from the mess she 'd created for herself . 
 chapter five an hour later peter checked on rose to see if she was asleep . 
 she was curled up in bed , wearing a teddy printed shirt . 
 he moved close to the bed , reaching out to stroke the hair off her face . 
 she was such a beautiful woman . 
 it was hard to imagine anyone trying to hurt her . 
 leaving her alone , he closed her door silently . 
 heading downstairs he made all the necessary calls . 
 there was no way he was leaving her alone . 
 gabriel arrived , and soon after the steer brothers did . 
 william and edward arrived last . 
 he had n't bothered to call dean . 
 `` is there a reason we 're meeting this late ? '' 
 paul steer asked . 
 `` do you know where rose slater is ? '' 
 gabriel asked , cutting through paul 's question . 
 `` she 's upstairs , sleeping . '' 
 the sheriff erupted . 
 `` do you have any f ** king clue how much trouble you 're in ? 
 her parents are screaming at a kidnapping case . 
 you could be arrested , peter , and charged with her kidnapping . '' 
 `` they were starving her , gabriel . 
 she was trapped in her own home , afraid and being forced to eat the smallest amount of food . 
 when i went to see her she was shaking with hunger . 
 if you went to their house they 'd hide it . 
 i saw the chains on the cupboard . 
 the bottle of milk was f ** king marked so she could n't even sneak anything . '' 
 peter stopped . 
 his anger was getting the better of him . 
 `` i helped her . 
 when she wakes up you can ask her yourself . 
 i did n't kidnap her . 
 i was saving her . '' 
 edward put a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` peter did n't kidnap me , '' rose said . 
 she stood in the doorway with bed-matted blonde hair . 
 he stared at her , struck by how beautiful she looked . 
 every time he saw her , peter was always stopped by her kindness . 
 she had the most intense blue eyes he 'd ever seen . 
 `` rose ? '' 
 gabriel asked . 
 `` my family were starving me . 
 i do n't want to go back there . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` your parents are demanding your return , '' gabriel said . 
 peter watched her shake her head . 
 `` no , brad is demanding my return . 
 not my parents . 
 they do n't give a shit about me . 
 i 'm not going back . '' 
 he saw the determination in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm nineteen . 
 this should be my choice , no one else 's . '' 
 she tucked some of her hair behind her ear . 
 rose looked so young . 
 the setting sun cast a glow over her . 
 the night shirt she was wearing came to above her knees . 
 her large br ** sts were pressed against the night shirt , showing hard erect ni ** les . 
 removing his jacket , peter wrapped it around her shoulders covering her up . 
 edward cleared his throat turning away . 
 the other men did n't show any signs of noticing . 
 they all had their own women to deal with . 
 `` i 'll vouch for rose . 
 she can work behind the bar at control to show her independence if that 's what you need , '' william said . 
 wrapping his arms around her waist , peter pulled her close . 
 she went lax under his touch . 
 closing his eyes , he allowed himself the pleasure her nearness let him have . 
 `` i 'll tell them you 're safe and you have n't been kidnapped . 
 is there any chance you 'll want to talk to them yourself ? '' 
 gabriel asked . 
 `` no , i do n't want to talk to them or have anything to do with them . '' 
 gabriel asked her a few more questions . 
 peter caressed her stomach , trying his best to offer her the support she needed . 
 `` go on into the kitchen . 
 i 'll cook you something . 
 i 'm going to say bye to my friends . '' 
 rose nodded , leaving him alone to deal with their wrath . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i f ** ked up , '' peter said , staring at william . 
 `` i do n't think you f ** ked up . 
 none of us know how we 're going to respond when we 're pushed into such a situation . 
 i can see rose is a submissive , but she 's young , peter . 
 i need you to understand that , '' william said . 
 gabriel and william shook his hand on the way out of the door . 
 paul and david steer had been quiet during the whole process . 
 `` call us if you need us , '' paul said . 
 `` you 're planning on moving away , are n't you ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` we have no choice . 
 the town refuses to change . 
 it 's getting worse , and i 'm not about to raise a family in a town that wo n't get better , '' paul answered , shaking his hand . 
 `` we 'll be around some time yet . '' 
 peter nodded seeing them all out until only edward remained . 
 `` take care of her , mate . 
 she looks like she 's been hurt one time too many , '' edward said . 
 `` i will . '' 
 his friend glanced over his shoulder but then left . 
 frowning , peter watched them all go . 
 turning back into his home , he headed for the kitchen . 
 rose was sat down waiting . 
 `` they 're all your friends . 
 the outcasts you talk about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah , your family have reported that you 've been kidnapped . '' 
 she handed his jacket back to him . 
 `` i did n't think of putting anything on . 
 i 'm not used to men staring at me like that . '' 
 `` you 're a desirable woman , rose . 
 men are going to want to look at you . '' 
 rose shook her head . 
 `` i do n't see that , but thank you for saying it anyway . '' 
 taking her hand in his , peter caught her chin in his other hand . 
 `` i 'm not lying to you , rose . 
 i 'm not trying to make you feel better . 
 i 'm telling you the truth . 
 i mean what i say . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not used to it . '' 
 he dropped her hands and removed his hand from her face , but he did n't leave . 
 peter could n't move away from her . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` stand up . '' 
 peter found himself ordering her without meaning to . 
 he went to open his mouth to speak . 
 the words he was looking for were held back . 
 she stood up . 
 her head tilted back looking up at him . 
 `` are you okay , peter ? '' 
 he did n't feel okay . 
 staring down into her beautiful face all he wanted to do was lift her in his arms and carry her up to bed . 
 `` did you want brad touching you ? 
 being with you ? '' 
 `` no , i ca n't stand him . 
 he makes my skin crawl . '' 
 reaching out , he pushed some of her hair off her face , stroking her cheek with his knuckles . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` did you like my kiss ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , i loved your kiss . 
 i like it when you touch me . '' 
 he tilted her head back and leaned forward . 
 `` do you want me to kiss you now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 her voice was so soft like a whisper . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 **** was this really happening ? 
 rose watched his head move , and seconds later his mouth was on hers . 
 at first the caress of his lips was light , and then something changed . 
 his hands sank into her hair , fisting the strands . 
 her ni ** les hardened , and her pu ** y grew wet with need . 
 she ached all over , and a fire was burning bright . 
 the kiss peter had given her in the library had been the only thing to keep her stable throughout it all . 
 she was weak where it came to him , and there was nothing she could do to stop it . 
 he tilted her head back , exposing her neck , and he plunged his tongue inside her mouth . 
 she moaned , meeting his tongue with her own . 
 her heart pounded inside her chest so hard that she thought it was going to crash out of her chest . 
 he pressed her against the kitchen counter , holding her in place with his hands in her hair . 
 rose met his strokes and wished she knew what she was doing . 
 `` please , '' she said , moaning . 
 peter broke the contact to press kisses down her neck . 
 he sucked on her exposed neck . 
 the night shirt she wore was too big and had fallen down one arm . 
 `` you 're so f ** king beautiful , '' he said . 
 she 'd never thought herself as beautiful before . 
 in peter 's arms , she felt it . 
 `` peter . '' 
 his name came out as a groan . 
 nibbling her lip she gasped when he pushed her nightshirt down exposing one of her br ** sts . 
 refusing him was out of the question . 
 she was so turned on , and she would do everything he asked . 
 `` i should n't be doing this , '' he said . 
 `` please , do n't stop . '' 
 she lifted her hands up touching his arms . 
 in all the time they 'd known each other they 'd never really been together intimately . 
 she could n't recall really touching him . 
 `` this is n't right , '' he said . 
 peter still held her arms , and her breast was still exposed . 
 his gaze went from her breast to her eyes then back again . 
 she saw the fight he was having . 
 `` this is so right . 
 i 'm not afraid with you , peter . 
 please , i want you to be my first , '' she said . 
 the instant the words left her lips , rose felt him withdraw from her . 
 she cursed her own stupidity as he looked at her . 
 he drew her nightshirt back up , gave her one last lingering kiss , and backed away . 
 he did n't say a word as he made her a sandwich . 
 she ate in silence aware of his emotional and physical withdrawal . 
 `` i need to go to the club for an hour . 
 will you be okay by yourself ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she wanted to ask why . 
 less than a couple of hours ago he 'd told her he would n't leave her . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 he gave her a card with several numbers on . 
 `` here is where you can reach us all . 
 do n't answer the door to anyone . 
 if something happens and you 're scared , call me and i 'll be here . '' 
 peter hesitated , and all she wanted to do was go back to what they were doing . 
 instead , she picked up her sandwich and took a bite , not tasting anything . 
 he left a few minutes later . 
 closing her eyes , she wished there was something she could do to have stopped him . 
 finished with her sandwich she started to clear away the dishes . 
 she stood at the kitchen sink , washing the plates and putting away the stuff he 'd taken from the fridge . 
 her heart ached for what she could n't have . 
 the town loved to talk about the outcasts , and she 'd heard a lot of rumours about him . 
 she knew he was a dom and what a dom was . 
 they 'd also been a lot of talk about his feelings for dean 's wife . 
 she 'd seen laura riley around town , and laura was a beautiful woman . 
 the sound of the back door unlocking made rose pause in her tracks . 
 it was like she 'd imagined her into appearance . 
 laura riley stood removing her coat . 
 `` peter , i 'm going to kick your ass if you do n't come here . '' 
 clearing her throat , rose gained the other woman 's attention . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but he 's not here . '' 
 laura 's gaze turned to her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he 's left to go to the club . 
 you 've just missed him . '' 
 rose turned the tap off . 
 she saw why peter loved the other woman . 
 there was no way she could compete with laura . 
 `` i know i should have called , but he 's been avoiding me . '' 
 laura moved forward , offering a hand . 
 `` i 'm laura riley . '' 
 `` rose slater . '' 
 she shook her hand . 
 rose wished she could find fault with the other woman , but there was nothing there . 
 laura looked happy to see her . 
 her gaze went up and down rose 's body . 
 glancing down , rose remembered she was in a nightshirt . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no , do n't be sorry . 
 if you 're why peter 's been avoiding me then i 'm happy . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not the reason why . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' laura said . 
 `` if you 're not here because of peter then why are you ? '' 
 heat rose in her cheeks . 
 rose did n't know how to explain . 
 `` he 's helping me out of a tricky situation . 
 nothing is going on with me or with peter . 
 he does n't see me that way . '' 
 she thought about his kiss and his instant withdrawal from her . 
 this woman was why peter did n't start anything with anyone else . 
 he was totally in love with laura riley . 
 any hope she had at having a chance with peter vanished . 
 she saw the affection laura had for peter , and they 'd been friends for a long time . 
 there was no way for her to fight for a small piece of his heart . 
 `` well , how did you two meet ? '' 
 laura asked , keeping the subject on peter but changing it slightly . 
 `` we met at the library . 
 i work there . 
 i mean i used to work there . '' 
 laura smiled . 
 `` i remember working in the library . 
 he always sat in the historical section . 
 it was always quiet . '' 
 rose 's heart broke . 
 rose had thought he sat there to get some quiet time away from the rest of the library but to also talk to her . 
 he 'd probably been in the library hoping to relive memories of his time with laura . 
 `` yeah , i forgot about that . '' 
 rose smiled , wishing the pain would swallow her up . 
 she 'd been falling for a guy she had no chance with . 
 the more she thought about it , the harder it was for her to handle . 
 `` come on , tell me some more , '' laura said . 
 not wanting to send her away , rose sat down and talked with the older woman . 
 she answered all her questions , and each time laura said something , rose felt her heart break a little more . 
 she did n't even know if she 'd be able to survive the rest of the night . 
 chapter six peter should n't have left her . 
 he sat in one of the private booths watching as edward worked over a sub 's ass . 
 the older man knew what he was doing with the leather-bound whip , and all peter could do was admire his skill . 
 his c ** k was n't rock hard for anything other than the little blonde back at his home . 
 he should n't have kissed her . 
 not only should n't he have kissed her but he also should n't have exposed her glorious full tit for him to see . 
 now he could n't stop thinking about her tits and how they 'd taste in his mouth . 
 downing down the shot of whisky , he relished the burn it made him feel . 
 the sounds of male and female moans filtered through the air . 
 none of them would sound like rose when she came . 
 he 'd been so close to spreading her out on the counter and feasting from her body . 
 instead , he 'd backed away . 
 rose was a f ** king virgin . 
 he 'd never taken a virgin before in all of his life . 
 the subs that came to him had experience . 
 they knew the score and did n't expect anything from him . 
 rose had n't even been taken by a man , and he doubted she 'd experienced an orgasm . 
 edward sat back on the bench looking mighty smug . 
 `` what the f ** k are you smiling at ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` well , mate , i just saw a woman completely lose it , go into sub space , and i helped bring her down . 
 i 'll be taking her to bed tonight , to make sure she does n't fall from her high . 
 i 'm all in good spirits . 
 what are you doing here when you 've got a pretty blonde waiting for you at home ? '' 
 edward asked , turning the questions on him . 
 `` the blonde is not mine . '' 
 peter motioned to the waitress for a refill . 
 edward covered the glass , shaking his head . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 peter was n't in the mood to be controlled . 
 `` i 'm saving you from making a mistake . 
 alcohol , even in an experienced dom , can change our focus . 
 you 're not getting drunk on my watch . '' 
 edward held up the bottled watered and motioned for two . 
 `` nothing is going to happen between rose and me , '' peter said , grumbling . 
 he never drank to numb the pain . 
 there was a time he 'd hoped something would numb it , but only hard work and determination kept laura out of his thoughts . 
 even though , thinking over the last few months , he 'd not been constantly plagued by laura . 
 she was n't the first person he thought about , and ever since he 'd met rose , laura had been the last thing on his mind , if she entered it at all . 
 `` that girl is in love with you , peter . 
 i saw it in her eyes . '' 
 `` you got hard for her , '' peter said . 
 edward shook his head . 
 `` she 's a beautiful , full , ripe woman . 
 a single man would be crazy not to get hard for her , but her eyes were on you , peter . 
 you 're the only person she wanted . '' 
 peter took the bottled water from the waitress and thanked her . 
 she lingered a little , but he refused to give her anything in return . 
 he did n't play with the waiting staff or any of the staff at william 's club . 
 peter thought about rose . 
 how was he going to keep his distance if she was working at the club ? 
 `` you ca n't deny you do n't have feelings for her , '' edward said , drawing him back into a conversation . 
 `` and why ca n't i ? '' 
 `` if you did n't have feelings for her , peter , you would n't have taken her away from her parents . 
 you 've got feelings for her . 
 you 're just trying to hide from them . '' 
 he hated the fact his friend was right . 
 edward should n't be right about shit like this . 
 sipping down the cold water peter wondered what he was going to do . 
 he could n't stand the thought of setting her up alone elsewhere . 
 the last couple of days of not seeing her had driven him crazy . 
 rose had become part of his life . 
 the library became his one piece of heaven because he was close to her . 
 when that was taken away from him , he 'd been lost . 
 `` rose is a virgin . 
 she 's never been with another man before . '' 
 edward nodded . 
 `` i saw that . 
 innocence clings to women , and i can spot them miles away . 
 rose did n't have to open her mouth before i saw it . 
 she does n't see herself as desirable either . 
 coming downstairs in that shirt revealed so much about her , peter . 
 she needs a good dom and a good man . '' 
 `` she 's too young to know what she wants . '' 
 `` yet you settled for being in love with laura from a young age . 
 you went after her in college , but i recall you saying you felt for her in high school , right ? 
 that would put you at eighteen , '' edward said , arguing . 
 `` besides , you do n't need to tie her up and spank her to be a dom . 
 you can wait for all that . 
 i know you do n't crave it , peter . 
 you 're an experienced dom , but it 's not something you need to keep yourself grounded . 
 there is so much more to you than you realise . '' 
 peter took a long pull on the bottle . 
 he really wished it was whisky . 
 `` have you ever been with a virgin ? '' 
 `` yes , i 've had two virgins in my life . '' 
 licking his lips , peter felt embarrassed to be asking such questions . 
 `` how do you treat them ? '' 
 edward chuckled . 
 `` you start out treating them like bone china . 
 you make sure they know your desire , but you keep it locked away . 
 never frighten them and always show them how to take care of their bodies . 
 women have the right to know what to do with themselves more than anything . '' 
 peter listened . 
 he really wanted to make it work with rose . 
 he could n't give her his heart , but he could give her a life with him . 
 `` the first time will always be painful . 
 there 's nothing you can do to ease it . 
 ride the wave , listen to their bodies , and then let everything else come naturally . '' 
 edward grabbed his hand . 
 `` you 're a natural , and you care for rose . 
 you do n't need instructions on how to care for her . '' 
 nodding , peter threw down a bill and turned to leave . 
 `` thank you for discussing this with me . '' 
 `` take care of her , peter . 
 she 's a keeper . '' 
 peter waved goodbye and headed back home . 
 **** rose watched as laura poured another cup of tea . 
 there was a grace to the other woman that rose knew she was lacking . 
 laura looked comfortable and confident in her own skin while rose felt anything but . 
 she listened to laura talk about her marriage and the children . 
 the other woman sounded so happy . 
 `` did you ever love peter ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 laura paused , turning to stare at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that 's rude . '' 
 `` no , it 's not rude at all . 
 i know there 's a lot of gossip around town . 
 you 've not lived with peter long have you ? '' 
 laura asked , bringing over the two cups . 
 `` this is my first night . '' 
 biting her lip rose stared at the other woman wondering what she 'd make of her words . 
 `` peter 's and my relationship goes a long way back . 
 we went to the same high school . 
 we were not really good friends , and i tutored him in high school . '' 
 laura shook her head smiling . 
 `` college was when things started to change . 
 it 's crazy when i think back to that time . 
 dean had n't long been in cape falls , and i 'd already fallen for him . 
 i found out later that peter had fallen in love with me . '' 
 rose waited as the woman paused in her story . 
 `` i fell pregnant with dean 's baby . 
 he 'd left , and everything went to hell and back . 
 peter was always there . 
 i never let it get far . 
 i knew he was in love with me , but i made it clear that my love for dean would always hold me back . '' 
 laura laughed . 
 `` he was going to raise my child as his own . '' 
 `` peter is a good guy . '' 
 rose agreed . 
 `` he 's the best . 
 peter was n't always good . 
 growing up he was a bully and a jerk . 
 when i see him now , i 'm shocked by the transformation inside him . 
 he 's amazing and nothing like the guy i remember from our early years . '' 
 `` his love for you has n't changed , '' rose said . 
 laura sighed . 
 `` i ca n't speak for his feelings , rose . 
 i 've never encouraged him . 
 he 's my best friend , and yes , he 's the person i turn to . '' 
 laura licked her lips . 
 `` i thought dean was cheating on me , but he 'd gotten cancer . 
 peter was there for me and dean . 
 i do n't know about his feelings anymore . '' 
 `` that kind of love does n't go away , '' rose said , hurting inside . 
 `` or it changes without anyone realising it . '' 
 rose frowned , not understanding the other woman . 
 `` peter is stubborn . 
 you mean something to him , rose . '' 
 she was n't going to dispute laura 's words . 
 there was no need to fight what rose already knew . 
 peter was in love with laura , and that was never going to change . 
 the sound of the front door opening made rose pause . 
 she still wore her nightshirt . 
 peter appeared in the doorway , stopping when he saw laura . 
 he was soaking wet , and she finally heard the rain falling outside . 
 his eyes widened , and rose saw his guard fall into place . 
 `` laura , what are you doing here ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 his gaze remained rooted on laura 's face . 
 rose knew she did n't stand a chance even if his gaze had looked more shocked than happy by laura 's appearance . 
 `` she came to see you , and i 've taken up too much of your time . '' 
 rose stood , leaving her cup on the table . 
 `` it was lovely to meet you , laura . '' 
 she smiled at the other woman and left them alone in the kitchen . 
 making her way upstairs , rose left her door partially ajar . 
 going to the window she sat down on the sofa in the corner in the room . 
 she watched the rain falling in the dark night . 
 it was still warm . 
 holding onto her knees she wondered what was happening downstairs . 
 tears filled her eyes and fell down her cheeks as another wave of pain consumed her . 
 she could n't handle the pain . 
 peter was in love with a woman who she had no chance of competing with . 
 laura was a lucky woman to have two men who loved her . 
 all rose wanted was to have one man love her . 
 wiping the tears from her cheeks , rose stared out of the window wondering what she was going to do with her life . 
 staying with peter for any length of time was out of the question . 
 she could n't live with him , knowing he wanted another woman . 
 rose watched the rain fall down the windows finding little comfort in the constant pitter-patter of the rain hitting the windows . 
 even if she did n't stay with peter there was no chance she was going back home . 
 brad was dangerous news . 
 there was never any proof of what he did to women . 
 what could she do ? 
 shaking the fears from her thoughts she allowed herself to relax . 
 peter was n't going to kick her out of his home . 
 she had a few weeks to get her bearings back . 
 **** brad kicked over the television watching it smash . 
 he 'd been told by his father that rose had n't been kidnapped . 
 she 'd gone with peter miller willingly . 
 the f ** king bitch was supposed to be his woman . 
 he 'd planned everything . 
 rose was going to be his wife , and she was going to do everything she was told . 
 `` you can have any woman you want , brad . 
 rose is not worth this shit , '' adam said . 
 tyler was sat on the sofa waiting , and john stood near the door silent . 
 his plans had f ** ked up because of that bastard . 
 the tension inside him would n't ease . 
 his wedding night was going to consist of sharing her with all three of his friends . 
 they were all together in their plans . 
 adam , tyler , and john wanted rose . 
 he 'd seen the desire for her on their faces . 
 she 'd been the one of the girls they 'd left alone . 
 they 'd watched her for many years . 
 her family was part of the old cape falls ways . 
 she would follow in her mother 's footsteps doing as she was told . 
 `` i do n't want any other woman . 
 i want rose . 
 all the other women before her were just sluts , '' brad said . 
 they 'd taken a lot of women in the last few years . 
 some of the women had tried to make out they 'd forced them . 
 all four of them had made sure the women did n't talk . 
 `` i need another woman . '' 
 john jerked . 
 `` you said stacey was the last time . 
 we 're not doing that again . '' 
 brad shook his head . 
 `` she was going to be the last woman . 
 rose was going to be ours . 
 until i get her back , my plans have changed . '' 
 he headed toward the door . 
 `` no , i ca n't do that again , '' john said . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 grabbing his friend around the neck , brad noticed john did n't look frightened at all . 
 `` we 're in this together no matter what happens . 
 remember , john , you never went to the cops before now . 
 you 're an accomplice even if you do n't join in the fun . '' 
 he let go of his friend and headed out the door . 
 rose was going to pay , and until then , he 'd find another weak woman afraid of him . 
 the one guarantee in cape falls was there were always women who were not heard . 
 the steer brothers and the f ** king outcasts had tried to change that . 
 no one could change it now . 
 chapter seven peter waited for rose to leave before turning his attention to laura . 
 he fisted his hands at his sides staring at the woman he 'd been in love with for as long as he could remember . 
 her beauty had grown with age , and she looked more beautiful each day . 
 even as he thought this , his body did n't respond to her again . 
 there was no tightening as he looked at her . 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` hi , peter . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 he asked , moving toward the kettle . 
 `` everything is great . 
 rose is a beautiful woman . 
 i love her hair . 
 she 's got pretty hair . '' 
 `` are you here to talk about my woman 's hair ? '' 
 he poured himself a strong coffee . 
 `` she 's your woman ? '' 
 the question made his pause . 
 `` yes , rose is my woman . '' 
 he turned back to laura and waited . 
 `` rose does n't know she is . 
 she does n't know what she is when it comes to you . '' 
 laura stood , going toward him . 
 she put her cup on the counter , staring at him . 
 `` why are you here , laura ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` rose thinks you 're in love with me , peter . '' 
 `` that 's not new . 
 everyone in cape falls knows i 'm in love with you . '' 
 laura cocked her head to the side , looking at him . 
 `` do they ? '' 
 sipping at the warm liquid he waited for her to continue . 
 `` you 're not in love with me , peter . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you 're going to tell me how i feel ? '' 
 `` okay , i 've beaten around the bush because i do n't want to hurt your feelings , but you 're getting old . 
 it 's time you had a wakeup call . 
 you 're the only person in cape falls , in our little outcast circle , who thinks you 're in love with me . '' 
 `` this is going to be good , '' peter said , ignoring her last words . 
 laura angry was actually quite comical . 
 `` you 're not in love with me , peter . 
 you have n't been in love with me for a long time . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you do n't get hard for me . 
 for a couple of years you tried to hide your erection whenever you touched me . 
 i saw it and never mentioned it . 
 for the last couple of years , even before dean got his cancer , you did n't try to stop hugging me completely . 
 you 've been flaccid , peter . '' 
 he listened to her explanation . 
 peter could n't remember when he 'd stopped responding to her , only that he had been unresponsive to her . 
 her body was amazing . 
 he adored her curves , but in his mind he saw rose 's curves . 
 at the thought of rose his c ** k started to stiffen . 
 frowning , he cut the thoughts of rose out of his mind and stared at laura . 
 his c ** k started to go . 
 what the hell was happening to him ? 
 he never wanted to analyse his lack of response to laura . 
 loving her was the only thing he knew how to do . 
 `` you 're not interested in me . 
 your love for me has changed , peter . '' 
 she stepped up close to him . 
 grabbing his hand , she pressed it against her breast . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 he asked , trying to pull out of her grasp . 
 `` i 'm proving something to you . '' 
 in the next breath her lips were on his , and peter did everything he could to fight her . 
 this is your chance . 
 kiss her . 
 cupping her cheek , peter tried to deepen the kiss , but every time he did , he could n't help but feel sick to his stomach . 
 this was n't right . 
 dropping her hands , laura stepped back . 
 he felt nothing . 
 peter was n't disappointed or upset by his lack of response . 
 `` why did you do that ? 
 what is dean going to think ? '' 
 he asked , wiping his mouth . 
 laura laughed . 
 `` dean was the one who ordered me here . 
 he felt it was time you realised the truth seeing as you were more than happy to stay blind to it . '' 
 `` what truth ? '' 
 peter asked , feeling all wrong for kissing her . 
 `` your love for me is not like the love of a man for a woman . 
 you see me as your friend or as your sister . 
 nothing else , peter . 
 in fact , i 'm grossed out right now because i see you as my brother . '' 
 laura wiped her mouth , looking as grossed out as he felt . 
 `` why did n't you just tell me ? '' 
 he asked , hating the truth blaring in his face . 
 `` you were n't taking the hint . 
 you 're hiding behind your feelings for me , and it needs to stop . '' 
 laura pointed up at the ceiling . 
 `` there 's a woman upstairs who feels more for you . 
 you should give her the time of day , peter , before you lose every chance . '' 
 `` tell dean 's he 's f ** ked in the head for letting you do that . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i will , and i 'll be telling him off for making me do it . 
 i love you , peter , and i want to see you happy . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 and he did , but now that love was different . 
 he recognised it and smiled . 
 peter felt free for the first time in the last ten years . 
 he 'd not been responding to her , and now the crushing pain had eased . 
 his heart was free to love again . 
 peter was free to love rose . 
 `` i 'm going to go . 
 go and get your woman , peter , and do n't drive her away . 
 this is your chance to get your happy ending . '' 
 laura left minutes later . 
 he called dean giving the guy a talking to and letting him know laura was on her way home . 
 locking up his home , peter made his way upstairs . 
 he found the guest room door open . 
 stepping inside he found rose curled up on the sofa near the window . 
 `` how is laura ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 the room was too dark , and he flicked the switch on . 
 `` she 's fine , and she 's made me realise a lot of things . '' 
 he moved closer , taking a seat next to her . 
 her fingers were white from holding her legs . 
 she appeared to be holding onto herself . 
 reaching out , he took one of her hands in his , but she shrugged him off . 
 her cheeks were flushed , and he saw the hurt in her eyes . 
 `` you 've been crying . '' 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 she wiped at her cheeks . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 he reached out , wiping the tears from her eyes . 
 when she did n't push him away , peter pulled her onto his lap . 
 `` why did you kiss me when your heart belongs to another woman ? '' 
 she asked , shocking him . 
 closing his eyes , peter tried to find the right words . 
 `` i 'm not in love with laura . 
 i thought i was , but i 'm not . '' 
 `` how can you know ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i just know . '' 
 he could n't explain it to her . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 he tilted her head back to see him . 
 `` because i want to have something with you , and if i 'm not mistaken i think you want to have something with me . '' 
 she stared up at him , silently without speaking . 
 `` answer me , please , rose , '' he said . 
 **** rose stared up into his eyes wondering how best to answer . 
 how could he suddenly change his feelings about laura ? 
 she did n't know what to trust . 
 it was all so confusing . 
 `` tell me the truth , '' peter said . 
 `` yes , i want to be with you . '' 
 `` then trust me . 
 laura is not an issue , and she has n't been for a long time . '' 
 licking her lips , she looked past his shoulder outside to where the rain was falling . 
 `` why did you stop earlier ? '' 
 she asked , needing to know the truth . 
 `` you 've never been with a man , baby . 
 i 've never been with a virgin , and i did n't know how to handle that . 
 i want to give you everything , and at that time i could n't give you what you needed . '' 
 her cheeks had to be flushed with her embarrassment . 
 she 'd never spoken to anyone about her virginity . 
 rose recalled brad 's demands of keeping her innocence , and she wanted rid of it . 
 `` i want you , peter . 
 only you . '' 
 `` what about everything you 've been through ? '' 
 he asked , tucking hair behind her ear . 
 `` i 've not been through anything . 
 my food was taken away from me . 
 brad did n't do anything to me . 
 i 've not been affected by it , and i do n't want to spend time thinking about it . '' 
 she tried to reassure him . 
 `` we 'll take everything slowly . 
 i want you to get used to your freedom , rose . 
 i 'll take you to control tomorrow , and william will talk you through your work . '' 
 she nodded , nervous about going to somewhere different . 
 `` you 're moving to my room , '' peter said , picking her up in his arms . 
 rose squealed , wrapping her arms around his neck . 
 `` i can walk . '' 
 `` and i want to carry you . 
 i like having you in my arms . '' 
 she held onto his neck as he carried her out of the room . 
 he entered his room , which was next door . 
 his bed was large and dominated most of the room . 
 everything was moving fast , but rose did n't care . 
 she 'd spent many months daydreaming about this one man , and now he was carrying her through to his bedroom . 
 `` nothing is going to happen tonight . '' 
 peter tucked her in bed . 
 `` i 'm going to take a shower . 
 you can fall asleep if you want . 
 i 'll be back soon . '' 
 she watched him walk into the en-suite bathroom , and she became aware of his wealth . 
 peter had been disowned by his family , but he 'd worked his way back up in the world . 
 she wondered if all his money came from the club . 
 pushing the thoughts aside , she pulled the blanket underneath her chin , watching the door . 
 hearing the water running , she imagined him na ** d in the shower . 
 she 'd never seen a man na ** d before , and her curiosity was getting the better of her . 
 stay in bed . 
 i want to see him . 
 making one final decision , she shoved the blanket off her and padded toward the bathroom . 
 the light was on , and she pushed the door open . 
 the glass of the shower door showed his na ** d body . 
 his body was smeared because of the style of glass , and she could n't make him out . 
 the shower shut off , and she knew she should turn away and get back into bed . 
 she could n't move . 
 rose felt rooted to the spot . 
 the shower stall opened , and peter was climbing out . 
 his body was hard , ripped , and made her mouth water . 
 he had several tattoos on his chest and down his body . 
 she saw a love heart painted black and several words she could n't understand . 
 `` rose , '' he said . 
 she stared at him surprised . 
 rose would n't have pictured him with tattoos . 
 gazing down his body she saw his c ** k thickening . 
 peter was getting hard before her very eyes . 
 licking her lips , she quickly returned her gaze to his . 
 he did n't reach for a towel . 
 they were both stood frozen staring at each other . 
 `` i 've never seen a na ** d man before , '' she said , blurting out the words . 
 his gaze moved down her body . 
 `` take your nightshirt off . '' 
 the order left his lips , and rose stared at him shocked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 've seen me . 
 i think it 's fair i see you . '' 
 `` no , i thought you said nothing was going to happen ? '' 
 she asked , unsure . 
 her hands itched to do what he asked . 
 rose always felt the need to please him . 
 `` nothing is going to happen . 
 we can get na ** d without anything happening . '' 
 she stared into his eyes and lifted the nightshirt over her head . 
 rose felt her hair graze her bu ** ocks as it fell around her . 
 she was n't wearing any panties with her nightshirt . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' peter said . 
 `` why did you get tattoos ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i like the feel of the needle on my skin . '' 
 he took a step toward her . 
 she held her ground refusing to back away . 
 `` do you like them ? '' 
 she kept her gaze locked on his . 
 he stepped right up close to her . 
 licking her lips , rose glanced down looking at each tattoo . 
 `` they 're beautiful . '' 
 `` i love them . 
 touch them , '' he said . 
 jerking her gaze back up to his , rose could n't be sure if she 'd heard him correctly . 
 `` you want me to touch you ? '' 
 in answer , he grabbed her hand and placed it on his chest . 
 `` i always want you to touch me , rose . 
 i 've watched you putting books away , and i could n't stop myself from imagining what it would be like to have your hands on my body . '' 
 her hand was palm flat on his chest . 
 she felt his heart beating rapidly in his chest . 
 `` i never knew that , '' she said , looking at him . 
 he felt warm . 
 his chest was damp from the shower . 
 peter 's palms covered hers on his chest . 
 `` touch me , rose . '' 
 his hand moved hers up to his neck . 
 she felt his pulse pounding , and then he brought her hand down to his chest . 
 first one nipple pressed against her palm and then the other . 
 biting her lip she followed the path of her hand , going down . 
 `` i 'm going to touch you now , okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded , not really listening to him . 
 he reached out touching her face . 
 she caressed his abs moving down to grip the hard length of his cock . 
 he groaned . 
 `` be careful with that . 
 light touches are better than not . '' 
 rose chuckled . 
 his hand moved down to cup her breast in his palm , and she could n't remember how to breathe . 
 chapter eight `` breathe , rose , '' peter said . 
 his hand cupped her mound . 
 her hard nipple poked against his palm . 
 his c ** k hardened with renewed need . 
 rose 's small fist tightened on him . 
 `` loosen your grip , baby . '' 
 if she held him much tighter she threatened to cut off his circulation . 
 `` sorry , i do n't know what i 'm doing . '' 
 peter smiled . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll teach you everything you need to know . '' 
 her blue eyes glittered up at him . 
 her chest rose and fell with every indrawn breath she took . 
 `` do you like what i 'm doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you 're not doing anything . '' 
 he changed that , stroking her nipple with his finger . 
 she gasped , staring down at where he touched her . 
 `` it feels nice , '' she said . 
 rose looked up at him , closing her eyes . 
 peter came back to her . 
 he was more than happy to leave tonight with nothing happening between them . 
 licking his lips , peter knew he only had so much control . 
 this was not about dominance . 
 he wanted rose , badly . 
 moving her backwards , peter turned the light on as he pushed her to the bed . 
 she went back , her hand holding her steady . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he stopped . 
 `` do you want me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` if you want me to stop you 'll say so . '' 
 her gaze met his . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` then lean back . 
 stop me if you get afraid . 
 i 'm going to show you how amazing two people can feel together . '' 
 he knelt on the bed , following her up . 
 she kept looking at his c ** k and then at his face . 
 `` open your legs . '' 
 rose did as he asked , opening her thighs . 
 peter settled between them with his hands going either side of her head . 
 `` tell me what you 're feeling right now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm nervous . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 've never done anything like this before . 
 i do n't know what 's expected of me . '' 
 `` are you frightened of me ? '' 
 he asked , needing to know the answer . 
 `` i could never be frightened of you , peter . '' 
 her hand rested on his cheek . 
 she pulled away seconds later . 
 grabbing her hand in his , peter pressed her palm against his cheek . 
 closing his eyes , he relished the sensation , moaning into her palm . 
 `` i love it when you touch me . '' 
 peter was n't lying . 
 his body hummed with desire at the simple touch of her hands . 
 her voice made him hard . 
 everything about her made him rock hard . 
 `` you 're a dom . 
 how can you settle with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 've always been a dom , baby , but i do n't need it . 
 i do it because i enjoy it , but i can live without it . '' 
 he 'd happily live without it if it meant having rose by his side . 
 in the last few hours he 'd been freed , and he was the person to have put himself in the trap . 
 he did love laura , but he was n't in love with her . 
 for the first time in his life he could be happy , truly happy without fear of not being whole . 
 peter stared down into rose 's beautiful blue eyes , seeing her feelings written on her face . 
 he truly believed he could be in love with her . 
 she was so beautiful and kind . 
 he loved spending time with her . 
 he loved being around her . 
 she made him a better person by existing . 
 `` and having you is not settling . 
 i can promise you that . '' 
 he leaned down , taking her lips under his . 
 `` kiss me back , '' he said , breaking contact long enough to speak to her . 
 she moaned , opening her mouth for him . 
 peter cupped her face , moving his hand down her body . 
 she was so curvy that her body filled his hands perfectly . 
 moving from her lips down , peter kissed her neck then her collarbone . 
 he kissed his way down to the tops of her br ** sts . 
 his mouth watered , and then he was sucking on her red-tipped buds . 
 rose cried out , thrusting her h * ps against him . 
 pressing a palm to her stomach peter held her steady . 
 `` stay still . 
 i 'll get there soon , '' he said . 
 she stilled under his touch , staring up at him . 
 going back to her na ** d br ** sts , peter sucked on one red-tipped nipple before going to the next bud . 
 he changed between each nipple , dividing his attention . 
 he pressed both of her br ** sts together , licking the tips with his tongue . 
 rose moaned . 
 she kept still as he sucked on her sweet little ni ** les . 
 her tits were so large and her ni ** les so small , but peter found them addictive . 
 she smelt like strawberries , really luscious and sweet . 
 `` so perfect . '' 
 he rubbed his thumbs against each tight bud . 
 caressing his hands down her sides , he kissed a path to her full rounded stomach . 
 even though she 'd been withheld food , her curves were still in place . 
 he kissed the bottom of her stomach just above her pubic hair . 
 peter chanced a glance up at her before settling between her thighs . 
 her legs were wide open , and her feminine scent permeated the air . 
 `` are you ready for me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm going to lick your cl * t and bring you to orgasm , and then i 'm going to f ** k you , baby . 
 i 'll go gentle . '' 
 she nodded , staring down at him . 
 `` tell me no , and i 'll stop . '' 
 only when he was satisfied she understood his words did he gaze down at her pu ** y . 
 her pubic hair covered her outer lips . 
 peter opened her lips exposing her creamy slit . 
 rose was turned on , and her cl * t was glistening in the low light . 
 her scent grew stronger . 
 her cl * t was red and swollen begging to be stroked . 
 he watched her response as he pressed a thumb to her aching bud . 
 rose screamed out , sitting up on the bed . 
 `` it 's okay , baby . 
 i 'm touching your clit , '' he said . 
 she lay back , and he noticed she was shaking a little from his caresses . 
 he touched her lightly , trying to get her used to the small touches of his fingers . 
 peter watched her responses . 
 her ni ** les tightened even more , and her stomach shook . 
 cream spilled from her body , encouraging his touches . 
 when she stopped jerking from the caress of his fingers peter replaced them with his tongue . 
 he licked in one long stripe over her creamy slit . 
 circling the nub , peter teased her relentlessly . 
 he felt her close to the edge , and he pulled away . 
 pinching her ni ** les between his thumb and finger he increased the pressure watching her writhe in pleasure . 
 `` feels so good , '' she said , squirming at his touches . 
 peter drew everything out until he finally brought her to her first orgasm . 
 rose sat up on the bed , crying out , shaking and gripping his hair . 
 he kept up his teases until her first orgasm began to ebb away . 
 wiping her juices from his chin , he moved up the bed , wrapping an arm around her . 
 `` wow , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` i take it you 've never experienced an orgasm before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 that 's my first . '' 
 peter felt a huge sweep of possessive pleasure knowing he was going to be the first man to have her . 
 he 'd be the only man to have her . 
 there was no way he 'd be able to share her with another man like william had daisy . 
 `` get ready for many more firsts , '' peter said , kissing her . 
 she pulled away licking her lips . 
 `` what 's that taste ? '' 
 `` it 's your pu ** y , baby . 
 you 've got such a nice taste . 
 i 'll be going down on you again . '' 
 he stroked her cheek seeing her eyes glistening . 
 `` what 's the matter , rose ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you can talk to me about anything . '' 
 **** rose did n't know the right words . 
 how did she communicate her thoughts ? 
 her body was humming from the orgasm he 'd given her , and he 'd mentioned he was going to do it again to her . 
 was that going to be it ? 
 would tonight be her one and only time with him ? 
 the thought upset her . 
 she did n't just want one night with peter . 
 `` i guess i was just wondering where we went from here . 
 i mean , i do n't know what the future holds , and we 've not been together for long . 
 we do n't even know that much about each other . '' 
 he took her hand , resting it against his very hard , tattooed chest . 
 peter was warm to the touch . 
 she licked her lips , wondering if he tasted as good as he looked . 
 she had to be going insane . 
 there was no other explanation for her sudden need to lick him . 
 get a grip , rose . 
 `` we know a lot about each other , rose . 
 information and knowledge are overrated . 
 i look forward to getting to know you as we explore this thing between us . 
 getting to know one another can be the fun part in everything . '' 
 his hand moved down her body , cupping her breast in his palm . 
 `` unless you do n't want to be with me after tonight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i want to be with you . 
 what about laura ? 
 i do n't know how you can be in love with her for so long and then decide one night you 're not . '' 
 she heard him sigh . 
 his hands did n't leave her body . 
 one palm moved down to cup her mound . 
 `` for a long time i 've been in love with laura . 
 i could never have her , and i 've not even tried to fall for another woman . 
 i 've never given myself the chance to love someone else . 
 over time my feelings for laura have changed . 
 i still love her . 
 she 's my best friend , but she 's not the woman i 'm in love with . '' 
 a finger slipped between her folds , touching her clit . 
 `` i think i could be falling for you , '' he said . 
 his honesty surprised her . 
 she 'd never expected it at all . 
 rose stared into his eyes wondering why he was putting himself out there . 
 `` i think i 'm falling for you as well , '' she said , wanting to put herself out there for him to catch . 
 peter teased her clit , stroking her nub . 
 they were moving fast , but that was the way she wanted it to be . 
 he brought her to another orgasm with his fingers . 
 his touch ignited a new fire within her body . 
 she did n't know she could feel so much pleasure . 
 `` you should be wet enough for me now , '' he said . 
 `` tell me now if you want me to stop . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to stop . '' 
 she needed him to continue . 
 there was no way she was leaving this bed a virgin . 
 peter was the only person she wanted to be with . 
 he was the only man she ever thought about . 
 he settled between her thighs once again . 
 peter leaned over , going into the drawer beside the bed . 
 `` i 'm going to get a condom . 
 i doubt you 're on birth control . '' 
 `` i 'm not allowed birth control , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll get you sorted in a few weeks . 
 we can use condoms until then . '' 
 she watched as he tore open the condom wrapper open , exposing the latex . 
 her gaze did n't drift as he rolled the condom over his erect length . 
 she saw him grip his c ** k in his hand seconds before she felt the tip of him rubbing against her pu ** y. letting out a gasp she felt the tip of him enter her . 
 both of his arms went either side of her head . 
 `` are you ready for this , baby ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it will hurt . 
 i 'm not going to lie to you . 
 most women 's first time hurts . 
 i 'll be careful , and you 'll tell me if it hurts . '' 
 peter did n't seem to be asking her a question , and she did n't respond to his comment . 
 there was no need for her to . 
 she was laid out on the bed , exposed for him to do what he wanted . 
 he stared into her eyes , and rose was caught in his gaze . 
 she did n't want to look away from him . 
 rose trusted him completely . 
 peter started to move . 
 she did n't tense up . 
 he slammed inside her in one smooth thrust . 
 the pain took her by surprise . 
 he 'd warned her , but she 'd not really believed it . 
 she cried out , sinking her nails into his arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , stroking her body . 
 he was so thick , and she felt stretched from his possession . 
 `` you 're so tight . '' 
 for several minutes neither of them moved , and only when rose was ready did she nod for him to continue . 
 he pushed deep into her body and then out . 
 peter kept up a smooth pace taking her deeply . 
 his lips were on hers , his hands brushing up and down her body with every thrust . 
 rose held onto his arms meeting him with ever press of his hips . 
 he was rock hard , and the pain his penetration initially created numbed against all the pleasure she was experiencing . 
 her body became a vessel of his need , and she responded to his touch . 
 `` this first time i 'm not going to last , '' peter said , through gritted teeth . 
 `` i want you to come again before i lose it . '' 
 she did n't think it was possible to have a third orgasm . 
 peter took her by surprise when he teased her body into submission . 
 she let go , and her screams were captured by peter 's kisses . 
 he tensed above her . 
 his c ** k pulsed inside her letting her know he 'd found his release as well . 
 rose lay back and had never felt so happy before in her life . 
 she 'd given peter her virginity , and she knew in her heart and soul , he 'd cherish the gift she 'd given him . 
 he collapsed on top of her . 
 his weight squashed her onto the bed . 
 `` i 'll move when i get my bearings back . '' 
 rose chuckled . 
 `` i do n't mind . '' 
 she ran her hands all over his back . 
 `` i 'm never usually insecure about my ability in the bedroom , but i need to know if it was good for you , rose . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 did peter have any idea how sweet he was ? 
 `` it was perfect . 
 i would n't change a thing . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he brushed her lips with his and held her tight . 
 for the first time in her life , rose felt loved . 
 **** john could n't stop vomiting . 
 brad , adam , and tyler had all left , but he could n't bring himself to leave . 
 the woman they 'd picked was a mess . 
 he stared down at her where she was curled up in a ball . 
 kelly lighthouse was a sweet young woman who 'd finished high school and was working at the nursery . 
 he 'd seen her around town plenty of times . 
 why had the guys picked her ? 
 he never hurt anyone . 
 but i did . 
 john had hurt the women his friends picked because he never reported them . 
 the women left town or disappeared . 
 he could n't even keep track of them anymore . 
 he was twenty-two years old and had been out of high school a long time . 
 brad promised him the girls loved it and were only fighting it because it was in their nature . 
 john could n't believe that any more . 
 bending down john found the strength to lift her in his arms . 
 she was so small that he was surprised she was still breathing . 
 taking a deep breath he took her out to his car . 
 he could n't leave her . 
 kelly deserved more than that . 
 all the women he 'd let pass deserved more than that . 
 their voices needed to be heard . 
 placing her gently in the back of his car , john pulled out his cell phone . 
 before he typed in the number he leaned forward and threw up again . 
 his stomach was empty , and there was nothing coming up . 
 he was dry heaving . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 if he did n't do this now , he 'd never do it , and the women needed to be heard . 
 punching in the number he waited for the sheriff 's department to answer . 
 john did n't give the person chance to speak . 
 `` i need to report a gang rape . '' 
 chapter nine peter stared down into rose 's face . 
 she looked so peaceful in sleep . 
 stroking her face , he untangled his limbs and made his way downstairs . 
 the sun was shining , and the rain appeared to have been dried up because of it . 
 he whistled , setting up his coffee machine , waiting for rose to wake up . 
 he was in love with her . 
 peter felt it deep into his soul . 
 rose was a special woman , and he looked forward to spending a great deal of time with her . 
 laura had given him back his life . 
 he 'd never have thought for one moment he was over her at all . 
 loving laura had been part of him for so long it was natural to feel certain things . 
 his body never lied . 
 he was n't yearning for laura anymore , and he 'd be damned if he wasted another moment of his life . 
 humming to himself , peter was shocked to hear the sound of his door being knocked . 
 he tightened the robe around his body , making his way toward the front door . 
 william , edward , and gabriel were standing there . 
 their faces were grim , and peter was on alert . 
 `` why do i feel like this is not a social call ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` can we come in ? '' 
 gabriel asked . 
 nodding his head , peter moved aside for the three men to pass . 
 he ushered them into the dining room . 
 they all sat around the table , and peter poured them all a strong coffee . 
 `` you guys are starting to freak me out . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 peter asked , nervous . 
 `` i got a call last night from john turner , brad 's friend , '' gabriel said . 
 peter tensed at brad 's name . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 he was tired of their pointed looks . 
 `` kelly lighthouse was gang-raped last night . 
 john has named brad , tyler , and adam as being the men . 
 i 'm waiting for the dna results . 
 the bastards did n't wear condoms . 
 the steer brothers have made sure they remain in custody . 
 kelly was lucid enough to name them . 
 the girl fought . '' 
 gabriel stopped and looked away . 
 peter did n't know what to say . 
 kelly was such a sweet young woman . 
 she had her whole life ahead of her . 
 he could n't believe something so horrible could happen to her . 
 he 'd known something bad was going on with brad . 
 peter had no idea it could have been something so awful . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` john has admitted he did n't have anything to do with the rape or the previous victims . 
 he 's mentioned a couple of names of women , but he does n't remember them all , '' gabriel said . 
 `` is he trying to save his own skin ? '' 
 peter asked , disgusted . 
 `` no , he wants to be charged as well . 
 i do n't know what 's happened to him , but he 's like a changed man . 
 he wo n't accept a lawyer and refuses to change his statement . 
 when i told him he could get off with a warning or even a shorter sentence , john shook his head . '' 
 gabriel stopped , gripping his coffee cup lightly . 
 `` john said he did n't come forward sooner , and he was just as bad as his friends . 
 he should have come forward . 
 i 've announced an emergency meeting in the town hall . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 william and edward remained quiet . 
 `` the steer brothers agree with me , as do these two , '' gabriel said , pointing at the other men . 
 `` it 's time to open up the town 's minds . 
 they 're that closed off that four of their boys thought they could get away with it . 
 i 'm about to open their eyes to the truth of their actions . '' 
 rose cleared her throat capturing their attention . 
 `` i think that 's a good idea . '' 
 peter went to her . 
 he saw the tears in her eyes . 
 wrapping his arms around her body he pulled her in close . 
 `` i need to go and see kelly . 
 she should n't be alone now , '' rose said . 
 `` of course . 
 we 'll visit her later today . '' 
 `` i 've organised for the town meeting to be at two . 
 it would be great if you two could make it , '' gabriel said , standing . 
 `` how is kelly ? '' 
 rose asked , stopping the other man with a hand to his chest . 
 `` she 's hurting . 
 there are no words to describe what she 's been through . '' 
 `` how are her parents handling it ? '' 
 rose asked , not letting the other man move . 
 `` her mother had to be sedated , and her father is being watched . 
 he knows what 's happening , and he wants to be at the town hall when i show them what 's happened . 
 things are going to change in cape falls . 
 it has to . '' 
 gabriel nodded at them before leaving . 
 edward and william left . 
 so much had changed , and peter did n't know what the hell was going on . 
 a few years ago , the steer brothers had gotten permission to exhume their three fathers to find out which brother was daisy 's father . 
 peter recalled the hurt in both paul and david when they discovered their youngest father had been the one to stray from their mother . 
 daisy , at least , had gotten some closure from the pain . 
 her mother and the youngest steer brother were her parents . 
 paul , david , and daisy 's relationship was always strained . 
 the door closing pulled him out of his thoughts . 
 `` i feel like i 've woken up in the twilight zone , '' rose said . 
 he stroked her hair wishing he could take everything away that she 'd just heard . 
 `` do you know kelly well ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i 've seen her around town , but i do n't really know her . 
 it seems so cruel . 
 i feel like i should know her . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , baby . 
 there 's nothing we can do other than be there for her . '' 
 he tightened his grip around her , not wanting to let her go . 
 `` i feel so awful . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 he was doing a lot of asking just recently . 
 `` last night was the best night of my life , and i 'm so happy . 
 i do n't think i should be happy . '' 
 taking hold of her chin , peter forced her to meet his gaze . 
 `` you should be happy . 
 you 've got nothing to be guilty about . '' 
 `` how can you not think i 'm partly to blame ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did n't understand the sudden change in her mood . 
 `` where are all these thoughts coming from ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if you had n't taken me yesterday brad might not have gone searching for another person , '' rose said . 
 his anger was instant as he looked at her . 
 `` no , you 're not to blame . 
 john finally came forward , and from what i heard this was not the first time . '' 
 he stroked her cheek trying his best to reassure her . 
 `` there 's no guilt here for you . '' 
 she smiled . 
 tears filled her eyes , spilling down her cheeks . 
 `` i do n't think my thoughts are ever going to change . '' 
 `` they will . 
 come on , go and get dressed . 
 we 'll take a trip to the hospital and then on to the town hall . 
 this is going to be a long day . '' 
 peter watched her leave as he went to the laundry room , grabbing out some laundered clothes . 
 he paused in getting dressed . 
 if this did n't wake up the sleeping town of cape falls , he really did n't know what would . 
 **** rose rubbed her hands together as the nurse led her down to kelly 's room . 
 peter stayed behind along with a few of the other visitors . 
 kelly did n't want anyone to visit without her permission . 
 rose was surprised by the turn-out in the hospital . 
 there were plenty of locals from cape falls present . 
 her palms were sweaty , and she wished there was something more she could be doing . 
 `` she 's right through there , '' the nurse said . 
 there was a sense of doom around everyone . 
 rose sensed the pain in the hospital staff . 
 swallowing past the lump in her throat , rose rounded the door . 
 she saw kelly 's mother first . 
 the older woman was reading to her daughter . 
 tears were evident on the woman 's face as she looked at the woman on the bed . 
 rose cleared her throat looking toward the bed . 
 kelly 's face was bruised from fighting . 
 her body was covered with a hospital gown , covering most of the damage . 
 `` rose is here , honey . 
 i 'm going to check on your father and give him an update . '' 
 rose watched the older woman kiss kelly before leaving her alone . 
 there was only a year between the two . 
 they were n't strangers , but they were n't close to each other . 
 rose felt like she had to be here for the other woman . 
 kelly stared at her , not saying a word . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 rose asked , then cursed . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 that was insensitive . '' 
 `` you could start by coming inside and sitting down . 
 i 'd feel less contagious if you were to do that , '' kelly said , her voice sounding hard . 
 rose moved into the room , taking a seat that kelly 's mother had been sat in a moment ago . 
 kelly let out a breath . 
 rose saw the tears in the other woman 's face . 
 kelly was older than she was by a couple of years . 
 having only left school last year , rose did n't know if she could handle what kelly was going through . 
 `` i do n't know what to say to you , '' rose said , admitting the truth . 
 `` no one does . 
 my dad gets angry , and i ca n't even look at him . 
 everything has changed . '' 
 `` do you remember what happened ? '' 
 kelly nodded . 
 `` yeah , i remember . 
 i know you were engaged to be married to him . '' 
 the disgust in kelly 's voice could n't be covered up . 
 `` i 'm not , kelly . 
 it was forced . 
 peter miller got me out of that mess , and i actually think i 'm sort of dating him . '' 
 rose smiled and then stared at her lap . 
 she should n't be talking about her good news . 
 `` do n't do that . '' 
 glancing up , rose wondered what to say . 
 `` do n't do what ? '' 
 `` do n't feel bad for having a happy life . 
 he , erm , he complained about you leaving him while he was doing it . 
 i know you 're not with him at all . '' 
 kelly sat up , wincing as she did . 
 rose reached out to help , but the other woman shook her away . 
 `` do n't help me . 
 i ca n't stand for people to touch me . 
 i can talk to you because i know he tried to hurt you . 
 you 're different , rose . '' 
 nodding , rose took a seat again . 
 `` i know i 'm considered sweet , and when i heard you were waiting to see me i thought you 'd try and talk me out of getting him convicted . 
 you and your family are part of the old ways where we keep crap to ourselves . '' 
 rose shook her head . 
 `` he needs to rot in jail for this . 
 i 'd never try to talk you into doing something you did n't want to do . '' 
 `` good . 
 i may be sweet to everyone , rose , but i 'm not going to back down from this . 
 what they did was wrong . 
 i 'm not backing down , and i 'm not giving up . 
 they did this with other girls . 
 they were talking about it while they - '' kelly shook her head . 
 `` cape falls needs to change . 
 they thought they could get away with it . '' 
 `` they wo n't , kelly . 
 your voice will be heard above theirs . 
 things are going to change . '' 
 kelly nodded . 
 `` i need you to make sure today that my voice is heard in that meeting . 
 i want them to know the town is the cause of this . '' 
 rose listened to kelly 's instructions . 
 gabriel would see kelly 's message was put across . 
 `` i heard that john helped you . '' 
 the tears fell harder and faster . 
 `` he did n't do anything , rose . 
 he has to suffer with the rest of them . '' 
 rose stayed listening to kelly for a long time . 
 when her mother finally returned , she said her goodbyes and made her way out . 
 peter was waiting for her . 
 he stood when he saw her , and she went straight into his arms . 
 `` it 's okay , baby . '' 
 `` she 's strong , peter . 
 this should n't have happened to her . 
 her voice needs to be heard . 
 cape falls has got to change , and she picked me to make sure her pain gets across . '' 
 she noticed several of the locals were listening to her talk with peter . 
 they turned away when she gave them a pointed look . 
 `` we 've got to go . 
 the meeting will start in a minute . '' 
 peter helped her into his car , and the drive was taken mostly in silence . 
 rose could n't find the right words to say to him . 
 everyone was going to change in cape falls . 
 she did n't know why it was going to be now , but she knew it was . 
 kelly had started a rollercoaster ride , and no one was going to settle until they got justice . 
 the town hall was heaving with activity . 
 peter parked the car , and rose waited for him to open her door . 
 he was always the perfect gentlemen . 
 she looped her arm through his , and together they made their way to the front of the hall . 
 their seats were reserved . 
 dean and laura were sat together . 
 peter waved at the couple , and rose smiled . 
 they took their seats next to daisy and william . 
 the red-head was crying as she held onto her husband . 
 there were murmurs among the folks . 
 no voices were raised . 
 silence fell on the hall as gabriel took his place on the stand . 
 he stood on the podium looking out at the audience . 
 his voice would carry far and wide , and the few people who did n't make it to the hall would know what he said . 
 `` i 've brought you hear today for an incident that occurred last night . '' 
 gabriel stopped , looking down at his notepad . 
 he started laughing , lifting up the notebook . 
 `` i was going to use a bunch of statistics and crap . 
 you 're not going to listen to this shit , and seeing as this is our small town i think it 's time you all f ** king woke up . '' 
 rose flinched at the anger . 
 `` last night , brad , tyler , and adam-you all know their last names . 
 you 've seen them together a number of times . 
 they took kelly lighthouse and proceeded to gang-rape her . '' 
 rose listened to his words , flinching as he detailed what had happened to kelly . 
 he went into graphic detail about what happened to her . 
 biting her lip , rose stared up at the stage then all around her . 
 not a soul in the room was without a tear . 
 this was the harsh reality of what happened . 
 `` they did n't think kelly would have a voice because of the way this f ** king town works . 
 it ends now . 
 i was going to leave . 
 i was going to take my wife and children and leave this place because you 're all a waste of my time . 
 no , that 's not going to happen . 
 this ends now , today . 
 you will leave this room , and you will think about that young woman who has been violated . 
 you will leave this town knowing that every single one of you had a part to play in her crime . '' 
 gabriel stormed off the stage not giving anyone a chance to argue . 
 the crowd did n't erupt in argument . 
 slowly , the crowd disappeared leaving the few outcasts remaining . 
 `` i ca n't believe it has taken something like this to get through to them , '' paul steer said . 
 everyone agreed . 
 rose glanced down at where her hand was locked with peter 's . 
 both of their hands were locked tight . 
 chapter ten peter took rose home . 
 he did n't want her waiting around any longer than she had to . 
 after he 'd spoken with dean they 'd left . 
 she was silent as he pulled into the driveway . 
 he cut the engine off and climbed out . 
 walking around the car he helped her out . 
 `` i did n't see my parents . 
 do you think they even know what 's going on ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 `` i think they do . '' 
 he helped her into the house , taking her straight to the sitting room . 
 peter did n't see the use of tea or coffee . 
 pouring a scotch for both of them , he handed her a glass before taking a seat next to her . 
 `` do you really think gabriel 's speech will help ? '' 
 shrugging his shoulders , peter gave her his undivided attention . 
 `` i think the town is in shock . 
 cape falls has never had to live through something like this . 
 everything is always brushed aside as if it does n't matter . 
 i hope it changes things , '' peter said . 
 `` what was it like for you and laura when you left ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 he watched her toe off her shoes and settle her feet underneath her body . 
 `` they cut us off . 
 her family refused to talk to her , and she was pregnant with dean 's baby . 
 i was the one who told dean to walk away . 
 i thought he was too old for her and he 'd only make her miserable . '' 
 peter laughed , recalling their conversation . 
 `` i then searched him out and begged him to return . 
 at least , i think i begged him . '' 
 `` you had two opportunities to get laura , and you did n't take either of them . '' 
 peter smiled . 
 `` laura was never supposed to be my girl . 
 i see that now . 
 i was supposed to wait . '' 
 `` what were you supposed to wait for ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 he reached over , twirling a strand of her blonde hair between his fingers . 
 `` i was supposed to wait for a beautiful , blonde-haired , blue-eyed vixen who keeps me on my toes . 
 you , rose , i was supposed to wait for you . '' 
 peter could n't hold back any longer . 
 leaning down he brushed her lips with his . 
 the first touch was like electric on his lips . 
 he did n't want it to stop . 
 `` you 're a charmer , '' rose said . 
 `` always . '' 
 he leaned back , giving her enough breathing room . 
 `` then the steer brothers showed their love for anna , and the town just went crazy . 
 i think in the last few years it has gotten worse . '' 
 he shook his head , thinking about all the things he 'd witnessed in the last few years . 
 `` amy with her abusive husband , the town took his side . 
 i never understood that . 
 after laura , anna , amy , and even daisy , i lost all interest in the town . 
 i did n't want to be part of something that hit back at the victims . '' 
 peter took her hand , holding her close . 
 `` i grew apart from the town , and my friends opened my mind up to everything else . '' 
 `` do you feel that if you had n't supported laura , you 'd be like them ? '' 
 rose asked , getting it right . 
 `` i do n't want to think about what i would have been . 
 i know i would n't be the guy i am today , and for that , i 'm thankful . '' 
 her smile grew wide . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do n't freak out , okay ? '' 
 he frowned , wondering what she could say that would make him freak out . 
 `` i think i 'm a bit in love with you right now , '' she said . 
 peter 's world stopped . 
 her smile captured him , but her words made him feel like a superhero . 
 `` i think i 'm a bit in love with you , too , '' he said . 
 her smile brightened . 
 he did n't know how it was possible for her smile to get better , but it did . 
 she took another swig from her glass . 
 `` peter miller , will you do me a favour and turn this day into a better one ? '' 
 he took her glass from her , placing it on the counter . 
 peter took her hand in his , leading her upstairs without speaking a word . 
 she followed him without fighting . 
 opening his door , he flicked the light on in his bedroom . 
 peter wanted to be able to see her , and he would n't be able to do that without the added light . 
 taking her in his arms , peter pushed the jacket from her shoulders . 
 she did n't fight him , grabbing his shirt and tugging it over his head . 
 groaning , he wrapped her hair around his fist , slamming his lips down on hers . 
 their moans mingled , and her nails scored the flesh of his abdomen . 
 breaking away from the kiss he stared down into her eyes . 
 `` take your jeans off , '' he said . 
 her hands fumbled with the button of her jeans . 
 she flicked it open and started to remove her jeans and pants . 
 `` slowly . 
 i want to see your body revealed to me slowly , '' he said . 
 she followed his instructions , peeling the jeans from her body slowly . 
 all the time he kept his grip firm in her hair . 
 `` unbutton your shirt , '' he said . 
 he saw her hands were shaking , but he did n't help her . 
 peter watched her remove the shirt slowly . 
 licking his lips , he flicked the strap of her bra off her shoulder . 
 `` you 're so beautiful . 
 every time i see you , you 're more beautiful than the last . '' 
 `` charmer , '' she said . 
 her cheeks were flushed . 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 reaching around her back , he flicked the clasp of her bra , years of experience making it easier for him . 
 `` that 's not fair . 
 even i ca n't do it that quickly , '' she said , pouting . 
 `` years of practice . 
 i 've got nine years on you , baby . 
 i was a determined man even in my youth . '' 
 `` you 're still young . '' 
 he smiled . 
 the years were catching up with him , but he knew he was n't old yet . 
 `` and i 'll keep you on your toes , baby . '' 
 peter cupped her face , bringing her face up close to his . 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 `` yes , and i keep my promises . '' 
 he touched her lips with his , consuming her with his kiss . 
 she moaned , her hands going around his neck . 
 he continued to grip her hair as he deepened the kiss . 
 her na ** d body pressed against his . 
 all that remained on him was his trousers . 
 `` remove my pants , '' he said , kissing down her neck . 
 she fell to her knees before him . 
 peter growled , looking down at her . 
 her hands fumbled with his jeans . 
 after several attempts she finally got them down around his ankles . 
 peter watched her , charmed by her attempts . 
 he 'd taken her virginity , and yet she still had a lot to learn . 
 her next actions caused him to stop . 
 her fingers wrapped around his hard erection , squeezing him tight . 
 rose gazed up at him . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 she asked . 
 curious to see what she would do , peter nodded . 
 **** peter 's gaze was on her , and rose wanted to impress him . 
 she 'd not really seen much in the way of giving a guy pleasure , but from the look of the hard shaft it was self-explanatory . 
 opening her lips , she took the tip of him inside . 
 his taste erupted on her tongue , startling her . 
 pulling away , she looked down at his hard shaft wondering if she 'd done something wrong . 
 when he did n't make a comment , she licked the tip of him again , slowly . 
 a jewel of cum seeped out of the tip . 
 he tasted salty . 
 the taste was n't entirely repulsive , and rose wanted to please him . 
 `` tell me what to do ? '' 
 she asked , cupping his hard shaft . 
 peter took her hand in his , wrapped her fingers around the root of his shaft . 
 he applied some pressure and then eased off . 
 `` do n't hold me too tight . 
 i do n't like to feel like i 'm being tortured , '' he said . 
 she nodded , looking at how he 'd gotten her fingers . 
 `` open your lips . '' 
 rose did as he asked . 
 `` take the tip of me inside and continue down , sucking me into your mouth until you hit your hand . '' 
 she did as he instructed . 
 he went to the back of her throat . 
 her hand stopped her from taking more of him than she needed to . 
 looking up at him , she saw his eyes were shut with his head facing down . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 've never done this before , have you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm finding it hard to control myself . 
 your mouth should n't feel so good . 
 i feel like i 'm going to explode any minute . '' 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 `` it is to me . 
 i like to give my women plenty of pleasure before i come . 
 this is your first time with a c ** k in your mouth . 
 i do n't want to flood you with cum . '' 
 he stroked her cheek . 
 `` are you in control now ? '' 
 she asked , teasing the shaft . 
 `` barely . '' 
 she sat back on her knees . 
 he 'd not let go of her hair . 
 letting out a sigh , she gazed down at the floor . 
 `` that 's not helping either , rose . 
 you look like a true submissive , '' he said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she quickly glanced up at him . 
 `` if you opened your thighs more and tilted your head back down , you 'd look like the perfect submissive . '' 
 feeling a little wicked , rose did what he said . 
 she heard him gasp . 
 before she could say another word , peter grabbed her in his arms and hauled her onto the bed . 
 he finally let go of her hair as he crushed her against him . 
 `` you 're going to test me at every turn , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i want to give you everything , peter . '' 
 she took his hands , laying a kiss to his palms . 
 `` everything ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 the hungry look in his eyes made it hard for her to speak . 
 `` i 'm going to hold you to that , baby . 
 for now , i need to be inside you . '' 
 he did n't move from the edge of the bed . 
 peter opened her thighs , and in the next breath he was inside her . 
 rose groaned as his hard c ** k filled her . 
 `` fuck , i forgot the condom . 
 i ca n't stop . 
 shit . '' 
 peter pulled out of her only to slam back inside . 
 rose held on , loving the feel of his c ** k pushing inside her . 
 he stretched her inner walls , consuming her with a passion she did n't even know she possessed . 
 `` please , peter . '' 
 `` fuck . '' 
 he pulled out of her abruptly , going to the drawer where he kept the condoms . 
 she was on fire . 
 his hands were shaking as he placed the condom over his cock . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 moving to his side , rose took the condom from his fingers and did her best . 
 he talked her through putting the latex on . 
 she was starting to understand why plenty of women went on the pill . 
 the condoms were a bloody pain . 
 he did n't waste any time , lifting her off her feet . 
 peter was inside her before she 'd hit the bed . 
 they both groaned as he seated himself to the hilt inside her . 
 `` you feel so f ** king tight . '' 
 `` which one is the real peter ? '' 
 she asked , moaning as he pulled out of her until only the tip of him remained and then slammed deep , taking her by surprise as the pleasure mixed with a little pain . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` this crude speaking one . '' 
 she cried out as his lips were on her br ** sts . 
 `` or the tame , kind one . '' 
 `` they 're both me , baby . 
 you 'll get both , and in time , if you want to , you 'll get the dom in me as well . '' 
 peter moved her up the bed until she was laid amongst the pillows . 
 when he was satisfied with her position , peter gripped the poles of the head board behind her . 
 she watched his tattooed chest and muscles tighten as he pulled out of her body only to pound back inside . 
 rose gasped , reaching for the head board behind her . 
 she gripped the hard wood for something to hold on to . 
 there was nowhere else for her to go . 
 she needed to hold on . 
 something had taken control of peter , and he was showing her another side to him . 
 rose was n't scared . 
 he excited her no matter what he did . 
 `` so ... fuck ... ing ... beautiful ... and ... all ... mine . '' 
 he spoke each word after each thrust of his hips . 
 the pleasure intensified . 
 peter was hitting a point inside her that combined with pleasure and pain . 
 she did n't know whether to scream for him to get off or thrust up to meet him . 
 the two points mingled together . 
 she liked the slight pain a little too much . 
 keeping hold of the head board , she gave herself to peter . 
 he f ** ked her hard , taking what he wanted and in turn giving her so much pleasure . 
 he was relentless in his thrusts . 
 peter drew out her need until he pushed her over the edge twice . 
 she never thought it was possible to have two orgasms , one right after the other . 
 peter made her body his own personal instrument . 
 when he was satisfied with her response to him , peter finally growled out his release . 
 she held him through the pleasure . 
 peter had done what she 'd asked and taken her away from the horrid memories of the day . 
 rose came down from her high , and it all came flooding back . 
 `` we ca n't escape this , can we ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 his honesty hurt , but she was thankful for it . 
 still , there were times honesty was overrated . 
 chapter eleven peter left rose in bed to grab some dinner . 
 he checked out his fridge , finding nothing other than sandwich fillings . 
 shaking his head at his lack of organisation , he made a quick note for tomorrow . 
 he 'd run to the supermarket tomorrow with rose . 
 grabbing some cheese , ham , and pickles from the leftovers , he made up several sandwiches and headed back up to bed . 
 he found rose curled up on the window seat watching the rain . 
 `` it 's still warm , '' she said . 
 `` it 'll get cold soon . 
 winter will be here and snowfall , and you 'll be wishing for the warmth , '' he said , promising her . 
 `` i doubt that . 
 i 'm a winter girl . 
 i love being curled up in front of a fire . '' 
 `` i love christmas . 
 i never put a tree up here , and i 've always visited laura and the kids on christmas . '' 
 she took a sandwich from the pile . 
 peter saw her hesitate at his words . 
 `` i was thinking this year we could make our own traditions ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 she nibbled at her sandwich . 
 `` do you think william still wants a waitress at his club ? '' 
 `` yeah , he 'll want you all right . '' 
 peter took a bite of his sandwich . 
 `` business does n't slow down because of what 's happened . 
 it 's sad , but it 's the harsh reality of life . '' 
 `` i wonder what 's going to happen to cape falls . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 if it does n't change , it 's going to lose a lot of people . 
 everyone is growing tired . 
 staying rooted in the past is not ideal for everyone . 
 it sucks . '' 
 peter had been part of cape falls all of his life . 
 he 'd taken several trips out to the city to get a sense of how different they were . 
 the cities moved around , constantly . 
 there was no standing still in the city . 
 peter liked to take his time to enjoy life . 
 living in the city would never do it for him . 
 he 'd also visited a few other towns , getting a feel for how they were . 
 most of the towns he 'd visited worked together . 
 there were no outsiders in those towns . 
 he sat back on his sofa wondering what would have happened to him if he 'd left when he was going to . 
 `` have you ever been out of cape falls ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` parents did n't ever want to leave . '' 
 `` i think we should go away some time . 
 there 's another town not too far from here . 
 law castle , it 's called . '' 
 `` it sounds like fun . 
 you 're not planning on dumping me there , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` not on your life . '' 
 they sat on the sofa , in his room , eating the sandwiches he 'd made . 
 he watched her eating and enjoying the food he 'd put out for her . 
 `` you 're a good cook , '' she said . 
 `` laura taught me . '' 
 there was a flash of hurt in her eyes , and peter regretted the words . 
 putting the nearly empty plate onto the floor , he tugged rose onto his lap . 
 he was wearing a robe , and so was she . 
 the robe did n't disguise her full , lush curves . 
 `` i should n't be upset about it . 
 i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 she did n't fight him as he got her to straddle his waist . 
 `` laura played a big part in my life . 
 yes , i started out being in love with her , and i 'm not going to apologise for that , rose . 
 she taught me a lot of things . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 help me to understand how she helped you become the man you are . '' 
 settling his hands on her ass , peter smiled , thinking over the last ten years with laura in his life . 
 `` she taught me how to pass tests without cheating , and because of that , i was able to work at control . 
 william has his own rigorous test for passing his standards in order to train and punish subs . 
 laura taught me how to sew . 
 i could n't put a button on my shirt , and i kept going to her to do it . 
 i was n't using excuses to see her . 
 i needed to sew my button back on . '' 
 `` i can sew buttons , '' rose said , making him smile . 
 `` would you be offended if i asked you to do mine ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` good , i may be able to do it to make a button look passable , but that 's all i can do . '' 
 rose chuckled , encouraging him to continue on . 
 he talked about learning to cook and to grow a few vegetables in the back of his garden , all because of laura . 
 `` laura taught me to be a better man , rose . 
 without her i would n't be who i am today . 
 there 's no need to get jealous of her . 
 i 'm yours , and nothing is going to change that . '' 
 `` you 're mine ? '' 
 she asked , pressing a palm to his robe covered chest . 
 `` yes , and you 're mine . '' 
 `` laura 's a good woman . 
 she got you all to herself for a long time . 
 i ca n't help but be jealous of that . 
 she 'll know you in ways i 'll never understand . '' 
 she toyed with the edge of his robe . 
 `` yet you 'll know me in ways laura will never know . 
 what we 've got going for us is special , rose . 
 i do n't want to ruin that , ever . '' 
 `` me either . '' 
 `` then do n't let the past come between us . '' 
 he searched for the sash of her robe , pushing it off her shoulders . 
 `` you 've got a one-track mind . '' 
 `` only around you . '' 
 peter laughed when she lifted a foiled packet from the pocket of her robe . 
 `` you 're a bad girl , '' he said . 
 `` last time you forgot . 
 i did n't want you to forget this time . 
 it 's kind of important . 
 we 're not ready for a baby , '' she said , pressing the latex in his palm . 
 he went to talk , but her robe fell down to her waist cutting off all other thought processes and words . 
 her large br ** sts were topped with her small red-tipped ni ** les . 
 taking the condom from her hand , he quickly removed his own robe . 
 peter rid rose of the rest of her robe until she was as na ** d as he was . 
 gripping the length of his cock , he tore into the foil and rolled the fresh condom down his length . 
 when the condom was on securely he turned his gaze back to rose . 
 her gaze was on his latex covered cock . 
 `` come here , baby . '' 
 she crawled toward him . 
 her br ** sts swayed with the movement . 
 once he had her seated on his cock , those tits were getting sucked . 
 **** rose straddled his lap , watching as he eased the tip of his c ** k through her slit . 
 he pressed the tip down until the head was inside her pu ** y. peter 's hands went to her hips , and then he yanked her on his cock . 
 gripping his shoulders , rose cried out as he seemed to go deeper than he 'd ever done before . 
 he lifted her up in his arms and started to suck on her ni ** les . 
 she cried out . 
 the pleasure pulsed between her thighs and gripped her stomach tight . 
 his lips were wicked as they sucked on her . 
 `` so f ** king sexy . 
 i love your tits , baby . 
 i could suck on them all day long . '' 
 to prove his point , peter took first one nipple and then the other between his lips . 
 `` peter , that feels so good . '' 
 she whimpered as both his hands worked around to cup her ass . 
 his c ** k pulsed deep inside her . 
 he gripped her ass in his tight hands . 
 `` tell me how you feel ? '' 
 peter asked , pulling away from her breast . 
 he did n't move between her thighs . 
 `` i love you sucking on my br ** sts . '' 
 `` what about this ? 
 do you love me gripping your ass , too ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his grip tightened making her gasp out at the slight pain . 
 `` yes , '' she said , moaning as his grip seemed to tighten more . 
 with his hands on her ass , peter lifted her off his c ** k and then slammed deep inside her . 
 she held onto his shoulders trying her best to keep hold of him . 
 biting her lip , rose stared into his eyes seeing the pained expression on his face . 
 `` never letting you go , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want you to let me go . '' 
 `` good , because you 're mine . 
 you 're not having any other men , rose . 
 only me . '' 
 she smiled , groaning as he thrust again , hitting a spot deep inside that made her pulse . 
 gasping , her nails sank into the flesh of his shoulders . 
 `` no man , ever . '' 
 nibbling her lip , rose tried to stop herself from admitting the truth . 
 she 'd told him earlier that she loved him , but she 'd only said that she was thinking she loved him . 
 `` i love you , peter . '' 
 he paused , staring into her eyes . 
 `` you do n't think that you love me ? '' 
 shaking her head , rose rested her palm against his chest . 
 `` i 've loved you for a long time . '' 
 peter stroked her cheek , pushing the hair off her face . 
 `` for a long time i thought i was in love with the same woman , and it was only when i started to see you that i doubted my feelings . '' 
 his hand caressed down her cheek to rest on her chest above her heart . 
 `` i love you , too , rose . 
 i 'm not talking sweet words and romance . 
 i can do the sweet and the romance , but the way i feel about you is anything but sweet . '' 
 her heart pounded inside her chest , and it was n't just from arousal . 
 `` how do you feel about me ? '' 
 `` there 's this dark burning possession . 
 i need to see you . 
 the few days that i did n't get a chance to see you , i felt my world had collapsed . 
 the kiss only started everything , rose . 
 we 're meant to be together . '' 
 tears filled her eyes at his tender words . 
 wrapping her arms around his neck , she pressed a kiss to his lips . 
 `` does that mean you love me ? '' 
 `` yes , you 'll never really know how much i love you . 
 love is too subtle a word . '' 
 `` for me , it 's perfect . '' 
 she tightened her pu ** y around his cock , feeling and hearing him groan . 
 `` now , f ** k me . '' 
 peter growled . 
 `` you vixen . '' 
 he lifted her off his c ** k and brought her back down on his hard shaft . 
 her br ** sts bounced with each jerk of his hips . 
 `` so tight , so perfect . 
 my woman , my future , '' he said , pressing lips all over her body . 
 his lips were on her br ** sts , her face and down her chest . 
 she was consumed by his powerful thrusts . 
 `` i 'm close , baby . 
 finger that sweet slit for me . 
 i need to feel your cunt tighten around me . '' 
 rose loved it when he talked dirty . 
 she slipped a finger between them and started to stroke her cl * t to match his thrusts . 
 she gasped , moaned , and she felt her pu ** y tighten more around his cock . 
 `` come for me , baby . 
 i need you to come . '' 
 listening to his words , rose glanced down , watching his hard dick disappear inside her body . 
 the condom did n't do him any justice , but the sight alone made her ache . 
 she kept up her strokes , close to orgasm already . 
 peter never failed to turn her on . 
 `` i 'm going to teach you everything , show you everything . 
 your whole world is going to explode , and you 're going to love every second . '' 
 he rode her harder . 
 even with her on top , peter was the one in control . 
 `` your body is only going to know my cock , and when i get you on birth control , i 'm going to f ** k you without a condom . 
 i want to see your cunt , wet and naked . '' 
 those words were all it took . 
 rose came , crying out as peter 's thrusts got harder and more intense . 
 `` fuck , i 'm going to come . '' 
 with the last thrust , peter growled . 
 his c ** k kicked inside her , and she felt him pulse into the waiting condom . 
 she collapsed on his chest . 
 from this angle she was n't going to get crushed by him . 
 holding onto his body , she felt his heart hammering against her chest . 
 the only sound to be heard in the large room was their breathing . 
 he stroked her back , caressing his fingers down her spine and resting his hands on her ass . 
 `` during sex people say shit they do n't mean . 
 did you mean what you said ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` about loving you ? '' 
 her mind was a little fuzzy . 
 he 'd taken her on a rollercoaster ride , and she needed time to regain her thoughts . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` are you feeling a little insecure ? '' 
 `` you 're younger than me , rose . 
 when i commit it will be for life . '' 
 `` i come from cape falls . 
 i marry for life . '' 
 she stroked the edge of one of his tattoos . 
 `` cape falls is going to change . 
 you do n't have to be stuck on that tradition - '' rose pressed a finger to his lips . 
 `` shut up . 
 i love you , peter , and i intend to spend the rest of my life proving it to you . '' 
 she dropped her lips onto his . 
 `` i 've woken up and gone to heaven . '' 
 rolling her eyes , rose giggled as he picked her up and carried her through to the bathroom . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we 're taking a shower together , and then we 're going to bed . '' 
 he did n't give her a chance to respond to his words . 
 putting her on the floor , he pulled out of her body making her wince . 
 the used condom was removed and thrown into the trashcan . 
 he took charge , carrying her into the shower . 
 rose felt loved by his affection . 
 the day had been stressful , but ending with peter in her arms would make any day worth it . 
 peter , from his visits to the library , through to visiting her at her parents had saved her . 
 did he realise how much life he 'd given her ? 
 compared to how she 'd been living , peter had given her a chance to breathe . 
 she felt like a woman , his woman . 
 the thought alone of being consumed , owned and possessed , by peter was enough to make her toes curl . 
 chapter twelve the following morning , peter made rose breakfast , and then they were in his car , heading toward the local supermarket . 
 the town appeared quiet . 
 people were walking around , but there was no real activity . 
 he saw the frowns on people 's faces . 
 gabriel 's words must have hit them all . 
 parking the car , he walked around to rose 's side of the car . 
 he helped her out of the car , wrapped an arm around her waist , and escorted her through to the supermarket . 
 peter could n't recall a time in the last twenty-eight years when cape falls had been like this . 
 the town 's people were always talking or doing something . 
 usually , when he came to town , the people loved to talk behind their hands , whispering . 
 no one was doing anything . 
 the grim expressions communicated more than anything . 
 `` everyone is so quiet , '' rose said , whispering . 
 `` let 's hope gabriel got through to them . '' 
 they entered the supermarket . 
 rose was pushing the trolley , and peter held her h * ps as they walked together . 
 he was doing his best to protect her from stares or gossip . 
 he remembered a time when laura had been in town , and their spiteful behaviour had been directed at her . 
 peter made sure to always be in the same place as she was . 
 dean had taken his place , which he was thankful for . 
 tightening his grip on rose 's hips , they made their way to the vegetables and fruit . 
 no one said a word as they made their way around the shop . 
 everyone was in their own world . 
 `` this is so weird . '' 
 `` it 's good though . '' 
 they were around the canned food section when one of the local women , cassandra marton , stopped them . 
 she was in her early thirties and had married young . 
 peter knew she 'd been one of the biggest gossipers . 
 he made to pass around her , but cassandra put a hand on the trolley stopping them . 
 `` if you 're going to say something hateful , i suggest you move the f ** k on , '' peter said . 
 years of having to put up with the town 's abuse had finally gotten to him . 
 rose was special . 
 she was different and pure . 
 she should n't have to put up with negative crap at all . 
 he would fight tooth and nail for her respect in this town . 
 his respect , he did n't give a crap about ; rose 's respect , however , he did . 
 cassandra withdrew her hand . 
 several other customers had stopped to watch the scene . 
 `` i 'm not going to say anything , '' cassandra said . 
 the other woman looked down at her shoes . 
 `` i heard what happened , and i heard about you and rose . 
 i wanted to stop and say that you guys look lovely together . '' 
 cassandra paused . 
 he saw her lick her lips , and her hands shook . 
 peter could n't recall a time a woman was so nervous . 
 `` you 've turned into a fine man , peter miller . '' 
 he was shocked when she held out her hand to shake . 
 peter stared at her hand wondering what the hell was going on . 
 `` is this some kind of trick ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he would n't put it past them . 
 the more he thought about the crap he 'd put up with , the more it made him wonder why he 'd not left cape falls . 
 `` no trick at all . 
 i 'm disgusted with myself that it has taken this incident to make me open my eyes . 
 the sheriff 's speech hit me hard . 
 things around here need to change . 
 it wo n't happen overnight , but it will happen . 
 i ca n't assure this is for everyone . 
 this is for me . 
 i 'm showing you my friendship and support . '' 
 cassandra 's eyes were bright with tears . 
 `` you will not get any trouble from me or my family . 
 you 're welcome , and so is the club , control . 
 i 've removed my name from all the petitions . 
 it will be nice to see some change around here . '' 
 peter 's heart pounded . 
 he stared at her hand , which was shaking . 
 this is what he 'd been wanting for a long time . 
 slowly , he took her hand in his and shook it . 
 there were a few murmurs around the market . 
 `` i look forward to seeing more of you two . '' 
 cassandra smiled and stepped around them . 
 rose glanced up at him . 
 `` it 's a start , '' he said . 
 they finished their shopping . 
 a couple of the locals who 'd stopped talking to him started to speak to him . 
 safely in the space of his car , he drove out to control . 
 he typed in his security code , and they were allowed inside . 
 `` what you 're about to see is completely private . 
 you do n't talk about this place with anyone else , '' peter said , pulling up into the first available parking space . 
 `` i 've got no friends . 
 can i still tell you ? '' 
 she asked , teasing . 
 shaking his head , peter went around to her side and helped her out . 
 opening the door , he heard the commotion in the main bar room . 
 daisy was standing with one of the babies on her hip . 
 william 's two boys were playing with a train set on the floor . 
 this was not the bdsm part of the club , and william loved to have his children around him most of the time . 
 `` baby , it 's good news , '' daisy said . 
 `` no , something is happening . 
 this is not like the town at all . 
 i 've had three deliveries this morning , all without a hitch . 
 something is going on , '' william said . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 peter asked , coming forward with rose in his arms . 
 daisy turned to them and smiled . 
 `` peter , maybe you could talk some sense into him . 
 he 's being difficult . 
 and who is this lovely young woman ? '' 
 daisy asked . 
 bringing rose forward he introduced her to daisy . 
 `` is she special to you ? '' 
 daisy asked , looking from rose to him . 
 there was a hesitant smile on her lips . 
 `` she 's the woman i love . '' 
 daisy cried out , giggling . 
 `` yes , i knew it . '' 
 before peter knew it , daisy had taken his woman and was introducing her to the children . 
 walking toward william , he waited for the other man to talk . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 william turned to look at him . 
 `` the petition on my club has been withdrawn , and i 've received three of my deliveries . 
 i 've also been sent some compensation for my troubles opening up the club . 
 i do n't trust it . '' 
 peter smiled . 
 `` the town is changing . '' 
 `` no , a town does n't change this fast . '' 
 william was shaking his head . 
 shrugging his shoulder , peter glanced behind him . 
 rose had the other twin daughter on her lap . 
 he watched for a few seconds as she played with the little boy . 
 `` cape falls has never known an attack like this . 
 or if it has , the sheriff has never done what gabriel did yesterday . 
 you 've got to trust it , '' peter said . 
 if the town was reaching out then they all needed to let down their guard and trust it . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? 
 trust them ? '' 
 `` not trust them but give them the benefit of the doubt . '' 
 **** `` peter looks happy . 
 i 've never seen him so happy , not even when he was with laura , '' daisy said . 
 rose looked up at the red-haired woman . 
 daisy was so pretty , and the happiness glowed out of her . 
 `` peter 's special . 
 i love him with my whole heart , '' rose said . 
 `` from the way he keeps watching you i 'd say he loves you with his as well . '' 
 glancing up and toward peter rose saw that his gaze was on her . 
 he did n't turn away from her either . 
 her arms were wrapped around the baby on her lap . 
 smiling , she pulled her attention away from him to focus on daisy , who said , `` i 've been hoping for him to find a woman for some time . 
 it 's nice to know that it 's you . '' 
 `` you 're all good friends ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 daisy shook her head . 
 `` we 're more of a family . 
 peter 's been a little withdrawn of late . 
 i think realising he 's not in love with laura has been a huge help to him . 
 he always had some excuse when we were all together . 
 dean loves to barbeque , as do the steer brothers . 
 he 's not been present for any of them . '' 
 rose listened , watching her man out of the corner of her eye . 
 `` well , i 'm not going anywhere . 
 in fact i 'm supposed to be working here sometime soon . '' 
 `` that 's awesome , '' daisy said . 
 `` william , rose can start tonight , ca n't she ? '' 
 the other woman pulled the men out of their conversation . 
 `` that 's earned you ten , daisy . 
 yes , she can start tonight , '' william said . 
 frowning , rose turned back to daisy . 
 `` punishment . '' 
 she mouthed the word to her . 
 still not understanding , rose put the word aside and figured she 'd ask peter later . 
 when william was finished talking with peter , he escorted her back to his office for her to fill out her application form . 
 peter stayed behind with daisy . 
 `` usually , i have a period of time to see if i can trust you . 
 peter has vouched for you , so i 'm going to trust him , '' william said . 
 she glanced up from her form . 
 `` i 'll do everything i can to make him proud . '' 
 `` do you have any idea what goes on at this club ? '' 
 he sat back thoughtful . 
 rose stopped writing . 
 she was putting peter down as her emergency contact and his address as her new home . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` but you trust peter ? '' 
 william asked . 
 putting the pen down , she stared at one of his friends . 
 `` when it comes to peter i trust him completely . 
 he would never steer me wrong . '' 
 `` you trust him . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` this is a bdsm club . 
 in the private rooms there are subs being punished and pleasured . '' 
 rose swallowed past the lump . 
 `` peter 's my everything . 
 you 're not going to scare me away . 
 i can handle what this club can do . 
 i 'm only a waitress , and i 'll train hard . '' 
 `` okay then , finish filling out the form . '' 
 nibbling her lip , she hesitated . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what did you mean earlier to daisy ? 
 she said something about punishment . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` my wife is my business . 
 she needs discipline and punishment . 
 by shouting and interrupting she earned ten spanks on the ass . 
 i have n't decided if i 'll use the cane or my hand . '' 
 heat filled rose 's cheeks . 
 her question was answered , and she went back to filling in her form . 
 once she was finished , william took her around the bar , showing her where the beer and everything else was stored . 
 she saw edward had arrived during her absence . 
 `` we 've got a new waitress ? '' 
 he asked , coming closer . 
 peter took a seat at the bar as daisy took her children out of the club and to her home . 
 william kissed her on the way past . 
 rose saw the love shining between the couple , even with the punishment hanging over their heads . 
 `` yeah , we have . 
 where have you been ? '' 
 william asked , standing in front of edward . 
 `` i 've been in cape falls . 
 i went to the diner and got my first pancake breakfast without attitude . 
 did you know a sweet young woman by the name of isabel served me ? '' 
 there was a dreamy look on edward 's face . 
 `` isabel benson finished high school six years ago . 
 she could n't afford to go to college as she supports her younger sister . 
 her parents abandoned them once isabel was of age to support them . 
 she 's a nice woman , '' rose said , remembering the woman she was talking about . 
 `` hum , she 's the submissive sort , '' edward said , popping a grape into his mouth . 
 rose tuned out listening to william talk to her about the alcohol and the beverages available . 
 by the time they were finished it was dark and she was ready to get home . 
 `` i expect you here tomorrow night . 
 peter will bring you , '' william said . 
 peter wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her outside to the waiting car . 
 `` do you think edward has a thing for isabel ? '' 
 rose asked , getting into the passenger side of the car . 
 `` i 'd say . 
 she 's the first person he 's talked about since coming here three years ago . 
 i 've always wondered why he stayed . '' 
 peter settled behind the wheel . 
 `` he 's british , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i imagine some of the ladies will love his accent and how he always says ` mate ' and ` love ' . '' 
 rose chuckled . 
 `` this has been a really weird day . '' 
 `` well , you better get some rest tonight . 
 control is always busy , and it 's your first day . 
 have you ever waitressed before ? '' 
 peter asked . 
 `` no , i 've carried books around . 
 tomorrow is going to be a long day . '' 
 `` tonight , you 're mine . 
 i 've kept my hands off you while you 've been working . 
 it 's not going to happen . 
 once i 've fed you , i want you na ** d and in my bed . '' 
 rose moaned . 
 heat bloomed in her pu ** y. `` take me home , peter . '' 
 she glanced down as he caressed her thigh . 
 rose wished she had n't worn jeans . 
 the drive home was slow . 
 she sat at the counter watching as he made her dinner . 
 by the time they made it up to his room , she was desperate for peter to be inside her . 
 he did n't rush to get her naked . 
 peter took his time , peeling each layer off her . 
 she felt so close to him as he thrust inside her body . 
 rose had never felt so connected to another person before in her life . 
 she would give everything of herself to him . 
 all peter had to do was ask . 
 chapter thirteen the following night peter did everything he could to keep his nerves in check . 
 that morning he 'd left rose in bed to take a visit to town . 
 there was a small jeweller near the barbers in town . 
 it was only small , but he 'd found what he was looking for . 
 he 'd been surprised by how welcoming the town was to his presence . 
 there were none of the usual sneers he got . 
 `` how do i look ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 he glanced up from his coffee to see her in a pair of dark blue denim jeans and a dark red blouse . 
 her blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail . 
 he glanced down to see her fidgeting , wringing her hands together . 
 getting up from his seat , he placed his palm over her enclosed hands . 
 `` stop panicking . '' 
 `` i do n't know how to look . 
 how does one dress for this ? 
 william did n't tell me , and i never asked . '' 
 her face was red , and he figured she 'd been running around upstairs trying to find the right outfit . 
 reaching up , he removed the band that bound her hair . 
 `` you do n't need to be so professional . 
 your hair looks lovely like this . '' 
 peter sank his fingers into her length , brushing out the strands . 
 she sighed , leaning in close . 
 tilting her head back he claimed her lips . 
 caressing her lips with his tongue , he sought entry into her mouth . 
 she submitted to him instantly . 
 peter knew it was only matter of time before she gave herself to him , and he had the ring ready to take what he truly wanted from her . 
 letting out a moan peter pulled away first . 
 `` you have a just f ** ked look . 
 you 'll fit right in . '' 
 she giggled . 
 her hands gripped the lapels of his jacket . 
 `` i do n't want to go out tonight . 
 i want to be here with you . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` when we get home tonight i 'll make it up to you . 
 i have n't been to the club properly in some time . 
 i get an excuse to watch you and be there . '' 
 rose sighed . 
 `` will there be any women vying for your attention ? '' 
 `` a few subs will try to gain my attention . 
 do n't worry about them . 
 i 've got a plan that will let them all know who i belong to . '' 
 `` you belong to me ? '' 
 `` just as you belong to me , baby . '' 
 in the few days since he 'd taken her home , rose had really flourished . 
 he could n't believe how much she 'd changed . 
 peter loved watching her grow , and he certainly loved watching her eat . 
 he 'd never take her food away from her . 
 if he ever saw her parents again he did n't know if he 'd be able to keep his opinion to himself . 
 `` i 've got to get you to the club . 
 you 'll start your training . 
 i 'm usually behind the bar , but just recently william has been getting daisy to do it . 
 you might have her for company . 
 anna usually watches the kids while it happens . 
 we 've all gotten quite close over the last few years . '' 
 he felt her nod . 
 `` daisy was telling me that you have n't been to many barbeques or dinners or anything . '' 
 peter let out a sigh . 
 `` i hated the sympathy they 've given me . 
 whenever laura and dean arrived they 'd go quiet . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's not going to happen anymore . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` and i 've got you . '' 
 the journey to the club was short . 
 he took her in his car not wanting her to walk her first night . 
 there were already several cars parked up outside the club . 
 peter knew it would only be a matter of time before the club became really popular . 
 not only was control a bdsm club , but the main section was for anyone . 
 people could come simply to party or dance . 
 entering the main foyer he recognised several people from around cape falls . 
 they all looked out of place but were trying their best to mingle . 
 rose whistled by his side . 
 `` i never thought i 'd see this , '' she said . 
 peter shrugged . 
 he ignored the locals and went straight to the bar . 
 edward was standing behind the bar serving up a beer . 
 `` who would have thought cape falls has a curious and wicked side , '' edward said . 
 `` not me , '' peter said , taking a seat . 
 william appeared and took rose away . 
 `` you nervous about tonight ? '' 
 edward asked , drawing him out of his nerves . 
 peter stared at his friend . 
 `` she 's going to do her shift here , and then i thought about taking her back to where the real action begins . '' 
 `` bringing her to the bdsm club is a risky move . 
 what if she does n't like it ? '' 
 glancing at where rose had gone , peter turned his attention back to his best friend . 
 `` i 've got to know how she handles it . 
 first , i 've got to see how she goes behind the bar . '' 
 edward nodded . 
 `` your booth is free . 
 i 'd enjoy it while you can . '' 
 peter left the bar and headed toward his booth . 
 where he sat he got a clear sight of rose as she came behind the bar . 
 she was wearing an apron around her middle . 
 he saw edward teasing her . 
 rose kept blushing . 
 peter chuckled when he saw her spill beer down her front , dropped a glass , and mixed tequila wrong . 
 `` she 's going to be a nightmare to train , '' william said , taking a seat . 
 `` get used to her . 
 i 'm not letting her go . '' 
 peter could n't take his gaze away from her . 
 she looked so adorable . 
 edward was wiping his face from a fizzy bottle she 'd opened . 
 he was surprised by the other man 's patience . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 william asked . 
 `` it has only been a couple of days . 
 you 've been in love with laura for a long time . 
 you 're sure you 're not confusing the two ? '' 
 peter smiled . 
 `` i 've had a wakeup call . 
 rose is the woman for me . 
 i love laura and that will never change , but my love is nothing more than the love of a brother to a sister . 
 trust me , william . 
 i 'm completely over it . '' 
 william nodded . 
 `` then i 've got everything ready for you later . 
 the club will be closed , and the others will be here to witness it . '' 
 he glanced back at rose . 
 `` if your woman can survive the night . '' 
 **** rose 's feet hurt , and she smelled like stale beer . 
 she stared down at her red top with dark brown stains all over it . 
 edward flopped down on the nearest bar stool . 
 he was tired , and she was thankful he had n't yelled at her . 
 `` i suck at this , '' rose said . 
 `` nah , well , yeah , you do suck . 
 practice will make perfect . 
 i hope . '' 
 she could n't help but chuckle at his frown . 
 `` i 'll do my best . '' 
 the main bar was closed , and rose saw peter heading toward her . 
 he was laughing . 
 `` i hate to say this , honey , but your skills behind the bar need to be improved . 
 having said that , watching you was hilarious . '' 
 peter rounded the bar , wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 she circled her hands around his neck , pulling him close . 
 `` i stink . '' 
 `` you look gorgeous . '' 
 he fingered her shirt . 
 `` i was thinking about going back to the main part of the club . 
 will you come with me ? '' 
 her heart raced . 
 staring up at peter she saw the hope dancing in his eyes . 
 `` i 'd love to come with you . '' 
 peter smiled . 
 `` edward , will you go on through to make sure everything is ready . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 they were left alone . 
 running her hand up his side , she smiled as she imagined him naked . 
 her pu ** y heated , wanting him alone all to herself . 
 `` how was your first day of work ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it was n't like putting books on shelves . '' 
 she scrunched up her nose . 
 `` i 'll have to get better . 
 i stink . '' 
 he stroked her cheek . 
 `` you 'll always smell good to me . '' 
 peter dropped his head , brushing her lips with his . 
 she moaned as his tongue plunged deep inside her . 
 `` i could f ** k you right here , '' peter said , resting his head on hers . 
 `` why do n't you ? '' 
 he slapped her ass . 
 rose yelped , enjoying the slight burn from his touch . 
 `` you 're a vixen . 
 i 've got something to show you . '' 
 he took her hand , leading her toward the back of the club . 
 she followed him through a set of doors that opened up into a large room . 
 the lights were turned low , and her heart stopped when she saw the small collection of people . 
 she recognised laura with dean and gabriel with amy . 
 william , daisy , and edward were also present . 
 `` the steers got the short straw . 
 they 're babysitting the kids , '' peter said , whispering against her ear . 
 `` why is everyone here ? '' 
 `` they 're here to witness something . '' 
 `` rose , '' daisy said . 
 she turned as the other woman wrapped her arms around rose . 
 glancing up at peter , rose smiled in return . 
 `` what 's everyone doing here ? '' 
 rose asked . 
 `` they 're all here for peter 's surprise . '' 
 the other woman left , leaving her and peter some space . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 rose turned to peter wanting some answers . 
 he stroked her cheek . 
 `` i had no idea how to do this , and then i thought asking you all alone would n't make it special . 
 i want you to remember this moment for years to come and for you to know that you mean the world to me . '' 
 she listened as everyone grew silent . 
 `` i 've not known you very long , but our time together has been the best part of my life . 
 there is no one else i would want in this world other than you . 
 rose , i love you with my whole heart . 
 my life with you would be complete . '' 
 rose gasped as he went down on one knee . 
 `` rose , will you marry me ? '' 
 the room was deadly silent . 
 `` i stink , peter . '' 
 `` and i still love you . 
 i 'm never going to stop loving you . '' 
 laughing , rose nodded . 
 `` yes , yes , yes , a million times yes . 
 i 'll marry you . '' 
 peter stood , lifting her up in his arms . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist . 
 cheers went up . 
 rose did n't listen to them . 
 her happiness was being in peter 's arms as he swung her around . 
 `` how is this going to be the best proposal ever ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 when peter put her on her feet she turned to see edward smiling . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` you 're covered with stains , and you stink , '' edward said . 
 `` i know you do because i do . '' 
 rose smiled . 
 peter 's arms were around her stomach . 
 the tips of his fingers caressed the underside of her breast . 
 `` this was perfect . '' 
 she would remember this moment for the rest of her life . 
 there was no way she was going to forget her smelly clothes , aching feet , and the smile on peter 's face when she said yes . 
 `` you do n't even have a ring , '' edward said . 
 `` fuck , i knew i forgot something . '' 
 peter grabbed the box out of his pocket . 
 `` here you go , baby , '' he said . 
 he slid a small diamond engagement ring on her finger . 
 `` there , now it 's perfect , '' peter said . 
 rose lifted her hand in the air to look at the ring . 
 `` i did n't need a ring . '' 
 `` every woman deserves an engagement ring . '' 
 he tilted her head back , kissing her lips . 
 when peter finally let her go , rose was embraced by all his friends . 
 even though gabriel was tense from the case , he embraced her and wished her congratulations . 
 rose did n't bring kelly up . 
 laura looked so happy , and so did dean . 
 peter was busy talking with william and daisy , leaving her alone with the other happy couple . 
 `` you have no idea how happy we are for peter and for you , '' laura said , hugging her . 
 `` i did n't know peter was going to propose . '' 
 rose kept playing with the ring on her finger . 
 laura looked at dean with a smile . 
 `` he let us know about his plans last night . 
 you 've made him whole , honey . 
 i 've never seen him so happy . 
 you bring out the best in him . '' 
 rose glowed from the compliment . 
 `` i hope we 'll be present for some of the barbeques and stuff . '' 
 she saw the couple stare at her . 
 feeling embarrassed rose stumbled over her words . 
 `` i-i mean , d-daisy said that he 's , erm , been somewhat absent . 
 i was hoping to change that . 
 that 's all . 
 i 'm not expecting an invitation . '' 
 cringing at her words , rose looked down at the floor . 
 `` we look forward to it . 
 peter has been missed , and it would be nice to get to know you , '' dean said , shaking her hand . 
 she smiled . 
 turning around she saw peter on his own , looking at her . 
 there was wickedness to his smile . 
 she knew he was thinking about something naughty . 
 going to him , rose wrapped her arms around his waist . 
 `` let 's take you home . 
 i want to f ** k you so damned hard . '' 
 `` charming . '' 
 `` i 've got a whole life time to be crude and charming . 
 you 're my woman now . '' 
 peter dropped a kiss to her lips , and rose felt like the luckiest woman in the world . 
 chapter fourteen three months later in the last few months a lot had changed in peter 's life . 
 he 'd organised the fastest church wedding in the history of the record books , or at least to him he had . 
 rose had loved the fact he wanted to get married as quickly as possible . 
 the day had been perfect , and he 'd taken her away to england with edward trailing behind them for a honeymoon . 
 their days had n't been filled with sunshine and beaches , but they 'd been stuck in bed in a five star hotel . 
 he could n't complain , and he knew rose had n't wanted to return home . 
 edward had finished up some business and was now living in cape falls with no plans to return back home . 
 peter , on the other hand , intended to book the same hotel year after year . 
 time alone in a room without being disturbed suited him . 
 last night rose had also agreed to be his submissive . 
 he was going to be the one to train her at control under william 's watchful gaze . 
 peter had asked the other man for support . 
 he wanted rose to enjoy that life together . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 rose asked , glancing over her shoulder at him . 
 `` it 's a new year dinner . 
 i 'll be fine , i promise . '' 
 it was the first week in january , and the steer brothers had invited them to their home in celebration of the new year . 
 they 'd spent their first christmas together . 
 rose had cooked a small christmas dinner for the two of them . 
 together they 'd decorated a tree and hung a few lights around the room . 
 `` this is our first one as a couple , '' rose said , wrapping her arms around his waist . 
 caressing her face with the back of his knuckles , peter brushed his lips against hers . 
 `` so much has changed around cape falls . 
 my love for you has not . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 cape falls was slowly dealing with what had happened to the young woman . 
 kelly had moved away from town . 
 gabriel kept in constant touch with the young woman . 
 peter had a lot of respect for kelly . 
 her testimony had brought forward a couple more victims . 
 they 'd told their stories , and john had confirmed everything . 
 brad and his friends were going to spend a great deal of time in prison . 
 john was also serving time , but he 'd be released in a few years for good behaviour . 
 gabriel had promised to do everything he could to keep brad and the others behind bars . 
 the town had also turned its back on the men . 
 cape falls was changing in ways that shocked peter . 
 the people no longer looked down on the outcasts . 
 they 'd been allowed back into certain shops where they 'd once been banned . 
 the biggest surprise came at control . 
 peter could n't believe how many people now visited the club . 
 to most people it was a nightclub , but he and those who knew control , got access to the other part of the club . 
 rose was also going to be part of that exclusive club . 
 she 'd promised herself to him , and now she 'd promised to train as his sub . 
 he did n't want a full-time submissive . 
 peter enjoyed dabbling , and now he had his own woman to dabble with . 
 they 'd gotten over so many hurdles together . 
 rose 's parents had tried to make contact with her . 
 she saw them around town , and peter had even been approached by them . 
 he did n't appreciate their push for rose to forgive them . 
 they could rot for all he cared . 
 fortunately , rose did n't want to forgive her parents . 
 she wanted them to leave her alone . 
 there were some things she could n't forgive , and what they did to her , rose could n't get past . 
 he would n't judge her , and , in fact , he agreed with her . 
 peter was n't the one they 'd tried to starve because they 'd been paid to by another family . 
 no matter what she decided , peter knew he 'd always be on her side . 
 `` i wish we were staying home . 
 when we leave it means i ca n't have you when i want . '' 
 he stroked a hand down to her breast . 
 rose moaned , thrusting up to meet his touch . 
 `` it has been one month of me taking birth control , peter . 
 go to this dinner with me , be good , and you can f ** k me without a condom . '' 
 `` are you trying to top me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his c ** k tightened with her words . 
 he 'd wanted to f ** k her without a condom for some time . 
 in the last few months he 'd encouraged her to enrol in a college course . 
 he 'd done a lot of research , and there were classes she could take online . 
 peter remembered her passion for education and wanted to show her his support . 
 during the day she studied , and at night she worked at control . 
 `` i do n't know what that is . 
 teach me what to do , and i 'll know . '' 
 he chuckled at her teasing . 
 `` okay , you 've won me over , but you 've got to promise me that when i give the signal we leave . '' 
 `` you always leave before dessert , '' she said , whining . 
 peter laughed . 
 `` the only dessert i want to eat is you . '' 
 `` i love chocolate . '' 
 leaning forward , peter nibbled on her neck . 
 `` i 've got chocolate fudge cake in the fridge with your name on it . '' 
 `` we 'll leave before dessert , '' she said moaning . 
 happy that he 'd won their bargain , peter grabbed her hand and headed out into the night . 
 cape falls might be changing , but he had the love of rose to keep him happy . 
 for ten years he 'd felt trapped and like he was drowning and stuck . 
 rose had picked him up out of his misery and shown him what true happiness and love were all about . 
 his trips to the cemetery had ceased . 
 seating rose into the car , peter glanced back at his house . 
 he imagined it full with the sound of laughter . 
 all in good time . 
 smiling , he climbed into the driver 's side and headed toward the dinner . 
 he was so looking forward to the dessert . 
 epilogue edward was so angry , and he did n't have the first clue how to make the anger stop . 
 over the last few weeks he 'd gotten to know the young waitress , isabel benson . 
 not once had he anticipated what he 'd found out about her . 
 staring down at her , he felt ready to murder someone . 
 she had n't locked the door properly to the staff changing rooms , and he 'd barged in to see her skirt around her waist with a blunt knife in her hand . 
 what the f ** k was she doing ? 
 well , he knew what she was doing , but why ? 
 `` please , do n't tell anyone , '' she said . 
 isabel was working the late shift at the diner . 
 closing his eyes , edward felt sick to his stomach . 
 never in all his life had seen something so desperate . 
 he could n't believe he 'd not noticed the signs blaring at him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , hurting for the young girl . 
 tears filled her eyes as she looked at him . 
 `` it helps to numb everything else . 
 i ca n't handle it anymore . 
 sophie is finishing high school in a few months , and she 's going to be good enough to get into a good college . 
 i ca n't afford it , and i 've got to be the one to tell her . 
 no one should have seen this . 
 how did you get in ? '' 
 `` you did n't lock the door properly . 
 what would have happened if someone else found you ? '' 
 he asked , getting angrier with every passing second . 
 `` i usually lock the door . 
 i ca n't believe i was so stupid . '' 
 she rubbed at the section of her thighs that were n't cut . 
 tears dropped from her eyes , and he could n't hate her . 
 he wanted to hate her , but he could n't . 
 he stared down at her thigh . 
 making a quick decision , he locked the door to the staff changing quarters . 
 grabbing a fresh cloth from the pile near the sink , he dampened it with cold water and came toward her . 
 edward knew he should walk away from her . 
 isabel was dangerous if not handled carefully , but he was addicted to her . 
 he came to the diner for a glimpse of her sweet smile and lush curves . 
 she had too many issues . 
 not tiny issues but big issues that forced her to cut herself . 
 the problem was , she had no one . 
 everyone who was supposed to love her had walked out leaving her alone . 
 he could n't be like them . 
 he would n't be like them . 
 the only person she had was sophie , her younger sister . 
 sophie could not deal with this . 
 edward did n't know if he could deal with the kind of care isabel needed , but he knew he 'd care for her . 
 there was no way he could leave her alone . 
 kneeling in front of her , he noticed the discoloured white panties . 
 they 'd clearly been washed one too many times . 
 pressing the damp cloth to the cut at the top of her upper thigh , edward glared at her . 
 `` you 've never had anyone take care of you , have you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't need taking care of . '' 
 her lips wobbled . 
 he lifted up the blunt knife he 'd taken from her grip seconds before . 
 `` do you call this taking f ** king care of yourself ? '' 
 shaking his head , edward stared down at the other scabbed over cuts . 
 how long had she been harming herself ? 
 cut and run , she does n't need you . 
 if this was n't a cry for help , edward did n't know what was . 
 `` please , do n't tell anyone , '' she said . 
 her lips wobbled , and tears spilled out of her eyes . 
 isabel benson needed someone to be in charge . 
 she needed an expert dom to help her . 
 he 'd played with so many subs that he did n't have a clue how to look after a sub full-time . 
 the woman in front of him needed him . 
 he could n't walk away . 
 from their few brief talks , edward was already hooked and in too deep with this woman . 
 `` i 'm not telling , isabel . '' 
 she let out a sigh of relief . 
 grabbing her face , harshly , edward forced her to look at him . 
 `` do n't think this is the f ** king end of it , love . 
 you 've just earned yourself a keeper and a dom . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 've got that right , missy . 
 you 're not going to be hurting yourself anymore . 
 that stops tonight . '' 
 `` you ca n't do this . '' 
 `` do you have any idea the kind of danger you 're in ? 
 these could get infected , or worse you could slip and nick a major artery . '' 
 edward shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not letting that happen . 
 you 're going to answer to me as your master , isabel . 
 i 'll be taking care of you from this day forward , '' he said . 
 `` no , you ca n't do that . '' 
 she tried to pull away from him . 
 `` if you think of fighting me on this i 'll make sure the right people know . 
 do you know what happens then ? '' 
 he asked , looking her in the eye . 
 `` no , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 `` you 'll be committed to a hospital where you 'll be observed and treated . 
 i should let them do this . 
 you 're twenty-four years old for f ** k 's sake . '' 
 edward shook his head . 
 `` your sister , sophie , will be alone again without anyone . 
 you 'll take the one stable thing out of her life , isabel , and that one stable thing she has , is you . '' 
 tears were streaming down her face . 
 his heart broke for her , but edward could n't lie to her . 
 this was the cold harsh truth . 
 `` help me , '' she said , whimpering . 
 wrapping his arms around her , edward held her tight . 
 `` i will , i promise . '' 
 he hoped to god he did n't lose her or himself in the process . 
 for once in his life he was going to be looking after someone who was n't himself . 
 let me get this right . 
 the end 
