 prologue five years ago james castleden stared at the woman in front of him . 
 they 'd been dating for a short time . 
 in all of that time he 'd kept this side of himself hidden . 
 he wore no shirt , and his leather pants did n't help him . 
 when he was helping train a sub he liked wearing his leather pants . 
 it was a strange kink he held , disciplining a woman and dominating her . 
 he 'd accepted who he was , even though he 'd hidden that part of himself away from veronica . 
 for the first time he 'd thought he could really make a go of it , to finally have a vanilla relationship with a woman . 
 he 'd been wrong . 
 no matter how many hours he spent with veronica , his true self could n't be denied . 
 she was n't supposed to see what was held in the dungeon . 
 his lifestyle was n't open for her to stare at or ridicule . 
 veronica star looked at him like he was some evil person . 
 she was his waitress at ravage , but her job description was confined to the top level not here . 
 `` how could you do that ? 
 what is this place ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` this is who i am , veronica . '' 
 he saw her gag in disgust . 
 he placed the coiled whip down on the table in front of him . 
 they were in one of his private rooms where couples could go after a session for some quiet time . 
 `` you 're disgusting . 
 i let you near my sister , '' she said . 
 james got angry . 
 prudence star was not in any danger with him . 
 there was no way he 'd ever allow anyone to hurt the younger woman . 
 at eighteen she was a breath of fresh air in his jaded life . 
 from the moment he 'd met her , he 'd seen she was different . 
 young , fresh , and seeing the whole world for the first time . 
 he enjoyed being around her because she did n't expect anything from him other than the pleasure of his company . 
 `` do n't you f ** king dare insinuate anything about her . '' 
 he moved closer invading veronica 's space . 
 the woman flinched once then glared at him . 
 he saw her true colours , and he did n't like it . 
 at one time he 'd thought she was the one . 
 he loved watching her . 
 the graceful way she walked around his club . 
 the kindness in her eyes as she smiled at him . 
 she was different from the other women , and different from her sister . 
 veronica was still pure in her own way . 
 this side of her was a different matter . 
 she was n't open or giving him a chance to explain . 
 veronica was going on the defensive , and he hated it . 
 so many people tried to judge him about his lifestyle , and they had no right to . 
 `` you kept this from me . 
 what else have you kept from me ? 
 i know prue likes you . 
 i 've seen the way you two are with each other . '' 
 james placed a hand over her mouth . 
 `` do n't go down that road . 
 you 're angry at me , not with her . 
 she 's your sister , and i saw her as such . '' 
 `` i do n't get this lifestyle , james . 
 i see it is a part of you , and i refuse to be part of it . '' 
 `` then i guess we 're done here , '' he said . 
 at one time he 'd really thought she was the one woman for him . 
 he could n't believe how wrong he 'd been . 
 `` my notice is effective immediately , '' she said . 
 `` i expected as much . '' 
 she moved toward the door . 
 her back was ramrod straight as she walked toward the door . 
 his heart ached for what he could have had with her . 
 `` i suggest you keep what you saw down here to yourself , '' he said , thinking about the repercussions at the last minute . 
 veronica turned to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you may hate everything you see here , but that contract you signed when you first started working for me is binding for all parts of the club . 
 not one word to anyone , otherwise there will be consequences . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't believe i thought you were the one . '' 
 `` then it is a good job you got out before i did something sick to you . '' 
 `` promise me one thing , '' she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 'll protect prue . 
 i do n't want her mixed up in a place like this . '' 
 `` i think that is her choice to make . '' 
 `` please , i know you care about her . '' 
 she was right . 
 he really did like her sister . 
 `` fine , i 'll make sure . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 veronica left . 
 the moment she walked out of the door , james felt like a wretched shit . 
 he kicked the chair across the room trying to rid his body of the anger the confrontation had caused . 
 he 'd wasted his time . 
 james knew he should have been open with her . 
 veronica was different from the women he 'd dated . 
 james grabbed the coiled rope from where he 'd placed it and walked out of the room . 
 cadeon greeted him as he moved back to the club . 
 `` trouble in paradise ? '' 
 `` it was never paradise , '' james said , grabbing his drink off the table . 
 `` i knew it was n't . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 james asked , staring at his friend . 
 `` you never cared about where she was . '' 
 the few words made james angry . 
 `` before you start ranting and raving at me , let me explain . 
 when she was around , you had no desire to keep her clamped to your side . 
 the men she served drinks to would touch her butt , and yet , you would n't respond . '' 
 james listened , not liking what the other guy was saying . 
 `` there is a reason we 're who we are , james . 
 if she was the right woman it would n't matter where you were . 
 no man would be allowed to touch her without your anger rising . 
 your need to know where she was would consume your every waking moment . 
 if veronica was your woman then you would n't be down here training a sub . 
 you 'd be wherever she was . '' 
 `` maybe my father was wrong . 
 this is in my blood . 
 the possessive crap is not . '' 
 `` it is not crap . 
 you 'll sense it with the right woman . '' 
 `` have you found it yet ? '' 
 james asked . 
 cadeon smiled . 
 `` i 've not felt the full pull of possession and need . 
 i 've sensed it with some women i 've dated . 
 there is a woman out there for me . 
 i 'm waiting for her to fall right into my arms or my office . 
 in fact , i would n't care where she fell as long as i was the man to catch her . '' 
 james smiled at his friend 's description , unable to argue with his words . 
 veronica had n't invoked that kind of need , but he 'd thought she was the one . 
 he thought about prudence , her younger sister . 
 he 'd never see her again , and he knew he 'd miss her . 
 james hoped she got everything she wanted out of life . 
 she was sweet and deserved so much happiness . 
 he did n't understand why he felt a sudden twang in his heart at the thought of prudence happy with another man . 
 james really wanted her to get everything she wanted out of life . 
 **** `` you dumped him ? 
 how could you , veronica ? 
 he was a cutie and so nice , '' prudence said . 
 her textbook lay open on her lap . 
 she was in her first year of college and was struggling through her courses , not that she 'd tell her sister who excelled at everything . 
 `` not everything is about looks , prue . '' 
 her sister was banging some saucepans down on the hob . 
 she winced listening to her sister bang around . 
 prue knew it was n't about looks . 
 james was so much more than something pretty to look at . 
 she 'd been intrigued by him from the first moment she met him . 
 his dark brown eyes seemed to look at her and have so much knowledge about her from a single glance . 
 she really liked him and would miss talking to him . 
 they 'd only talked a few times , but she felt like they 'd connected . 
 `` he 's older than you , prue . 
 do n't even start thinking about it . '' 
 prue blushed and was pleased her sister was n't witness to it . 
 his age did n't bother her . 
 she liked the man he was , not what was in his bank balance or the way he looked . 
 he was unlike any other man she 'd ever seen . 
 `` i do n't want you seeing him , prue . 
 i mean it . '' 
 `` you do n't have to keep saying my name , veronica . 
 i get it . 
 james is out of the picture . '' 
 prue glanced down at her book as a wave of sadness consumed her . 
 she 'd never see him again , and she did n't like it . 
 prue knew he 'd never look at her like he did her sister . 
 veronica was perfect whereas she was not . 
 pushing those thoughts to the back of her mind , she concentrated on her textbook . 
 the last thing she needed was to flunk any of her classes . 
 she was only just making the grade now . 
 her parents would be on her case if she failed anything . 
 the sounds of the pots and pans banging around in the kitchen faded from her mind as she thought about james . 
 she did n't understand her desire for him . 
 his age and his relationship with her sister should put her off , they did n't . 
 she must be the worst sister in the world . 
 chapter one one year on from his obsession prudence star stared up at the blaring light outside of the night club , ravage . 
 one small and simple word and yet to her it held so much meaning . 
 two of her friends had become regular members of the club while she 'd held back , scared to take the next step . 
 ever since the media had covered the exclusive club she 'd been waiting for an opportunity to visit james . 
 the owner had dated her sister for a short time . 
 prudence had only met him a couple of times . 
 the few chance meetings had left a lasting impression , on her at least . 
 `` are you coming , prue ? '' 
 her friend called to her pulling her out of her thoughts . 
 all of her friends shortened her name down , and she was more than happy with that . 
 she hated her first name . 
 `` yeah , i 'm coming . '' 
 she followed behind anya and becky in the hope of trying to calm her raving nerves . 
 she 'd been in many clubs in her older years . 
 prue did n't know why this one was making her so nervous . 
 she pushed her hair out of her eyes in order to stop her hands from shaking . 
 ravage was a club like every other club she 'd visited . 
 get a grip . 
 the media had been inside the club . 
 prue could recall the anger on james 's face at having his place invaded . 
 she knew james preferred his privacy . 
 he never gave anything away about himself unless he had to . 
 the man on the front door gave them a once-over . 
 prue did n't like the feel of his eyes on her body . 
 there was only one man she wanted to look at her body , and this guy was n't him . 
 stop thinking like that . 
 you promised to deliver this stupid letter for your sister . 
 also , you want another look at the man who 's been plaguing your dreams for the last few years . 
 james had begun dating her sister while prue was only eighteen . 
 there were only seven years between her and veronica . 
 `` you do n't look old enough , '' the doorman said . 
 prue blushed . 
 what more was she supposed to do ? 
 her face might look young , but her body was that of a woman . 
 how could the man mistake her for being younger than twenty-one ? 
 her two friends sniggered . 
 she shot them a glare . 
 opening her coat wider , she placed a hand on her hip and stared at the man in front of her . 
 `` are you trying to tell me that i do n't look old enough to be here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` last time i checked , veronica 's little sister was not allowed inside this club . 
 you 're too young , sweetheart . 
 when i started working for the club i was ordered not to let you inside . '' 
 `` not too young to stare at , though . '' 
 she snapped at the man feeling really annoyed at her sister 's protectiveness . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i like looking at beautiful women , and you 're a beautiful woman , prudence . '' 
 anya and tonya were giggling as they made their way inside the club . 
 `` i 'm going to have to get this checked by the big man himself , '' the guy said . 
 she growled . 
 `` you do know it has been five years since my sister quit this place ? '' 
 `` so ? 
 you can never be too careful , especially with all the press lurking about trying to get inside . '' 
 a scowl replaced the easy smile on his face . 
 she wondered how bad things had gotten . 
 the press release about this place being a bdsm club was leaked months ago . 
 why were so many people desperate for a piece of this place and that other club , possession ? 
 `` do i need to wait outside ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the cold nights were back with vengeance . 
 she did n't mind the cold so long as she was n't outside feeling the worst of it . 
 `` no , you can wait at the bar while i go and check out some id . '' 
 `` do n't you need my id ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nope , i 've got my orders , prue . '' 
 he took her by the elbow leading her through to the bar . 
 from what she saw passing through the club looked like any ordinary club . 
 it had a long bar with booths or tables dotted around . 
 the colouring was dark with plenty of spot and head lights around . 
 the dance floor was heaving with sweaty bodies . 
 she stared longingly . 
 prue loved to dance . 
 the guy placed her on her seat . 
 she sat down feeling like a told-off schoolgirl rather than the twenty-three year old woman she actually was . 
 `` this is ridiculous , '' she said . 
 `` sorry , babe , rules are rules . '' 
 he signalled the bar tender . 
 `` she is veronica 's little sister . 
 make sure she does n't have anything alcoholic . '' 
 `` i 'm over twenty-one . '' 
 `` sure thing , leo . 
 be careful , james is not in the best mood tonight . '' 
 she heard leo groan then leave . 
 `` that guy is named leo ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the barman nodded . 
 `` after the painter ? '' 
 the barman nodded once again . 
 `` do you have a name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` jermaine , miss . 
 i 'll get you some water . '' 
 prue knew it was useless to even try to argue with the man . 
 she spun round on her seat and watched the dancing couples . 
 the heat radiating around the club was becoming uncomfortable . 
 she stood up and removed her full length coat . 
 sitting back down in her chair , she watched jermaine approach . 
 he looked her over and stopped . 
 her face might be young like she thought before , her body however , was all woman in all the right places . 
 she was n't model thin or massively overweight . 
 at least to herself she was n't overweight . 
 her body shape had always been on the bigger side . 
 her h * ps were always larger , and her br ** sts were the same . 
 she did have a small waist , compared to the rest of her . 
 her thighs were large as well . 
 veronica had been the thin girl in the family with the golden hair and kind eyes , while she 'd been on the chunkier side . 
 when she stood next to her slimmer older sister she thought she looked like an elephant . 
 it was when she was around her family when she felt she did n't like herself . 
 she loved her body and had learned to accept her curves , with the help of a professor while she was at college . 
 she would never tell anyone about that part of her life . 
 jermaine handed her over her drink . 
 she thanked him then continued to stare at the sea of bodies . 
 `` are you really veronica 's little sister ? '' 
 jermaine asked . 
 `` did you know my sister ? '' 
 `` yes , she was a heck of a good barmaid and one hell of a waitress when she needed to be . 
 leo has only been with us a year . 
 james makes sure everyone knows you 're not allowed inside . 
 it was one of his rules when veronica left . '' 
 that was veronica all over . 
 her elder sister would excel at everything . 
 `` yeah , i 'm her younger sister . '' 
 someone whistled from the bar to gain his attention . 
 prue watched him walk away . 
 she picked up her water and sipped out of the straw he 'd given her . 
 running her fingers through her hair , she stared at the dance floor . 
 she kept playing with her hair . 
 she 'd gotten it coloured the other day , and she did n't know if she liked it . 
 while she 'd been at the stylist , she 'd asked them to dye her hair black and red . 
 they 'd dyed the top part black , and then underneath there were flashes of red . 
 `` have you been let out to play with the grown-ups ? '' 
 anya asked , taking a seat next to her . 
 `` you could have waited for me , '' she said . 
 `` where would the fun have been ? 
 that guy on the door looked hot , prue . 
 you have to admit he was worth a bit of your time , '' becky said , sitting on her other side . 
 prue kept looking at the dancing couples . 
 she so wanted to be with them . 
 `` i 've been told to stay here until he gets my clearance or something . 
 i think veronica put some sort of protection order against me at this place . '' 
 becky snorted . 
 `` miss goody-too-shoes is always spoiling your fun . '' 
 `` she means well by it . 
 veronica does n't want to see me get hurt . '' 
 `` or have a life . 
 she is a control freak , prue . 
 she 'll try to stop you having your fun , so that she can have her own fun . 
 i do n't like it , and neither should you , '' anya said . 
 `` please , do n't talk about her . 
 she 's still my sister . 
 why do n't you guys go and have some fun ? 
 i 'm going to wait to be given permission . '' 
 prue looked at the dance floor longing to be in with the crowd . 
 `` is your jailer here to stop you ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 she looked behind her to see leo had n't returned , and jermaine being flirted with by a brunette at the other side of the bar . 
 prue glanced from the dance floor to the barman and back again . 
 screw it . 
 she wanted to have some fun , and if breaking the rules was the only way she was going to get it , then that is exactly what she was going to do . 
 in a quick move , she left her jacket and water at the bar then ran to the dance floor getting lost in the crowd of bodies . 
 becky and anya laughed along with her . 
 the music thumped against the walls and inside her body . 
 the tune took her over . 
 she raised her hands above her head and began swaying her h * ps to the beat . 
 in no time at all a couple of guys had surrounded them . 
 prue resisted the urge to push them away . 
 her friends were looking for some action while she was only hoping to gain james 's attention and give him that letter . 
 she wondered what her sister had to say to james that was so important she could n't wait to see him herself . 
 pushing all thoughts of her sister and james out of her mind , she stopped the wandering hands on her hips , closed her eyes , and danced . 
 **** james castleden stared at the man inside his office , dane . 
 he was supposed to be at possession , but stephen did n't want him at the club . 
 the convicted criminal made a lot of the clients uneasy . 
 getting this man back from the united kingdom and in their custody had been a bloody headache . 
 dane had killed some people in the short time that he had served dominic green . 
 `` where were you this afternoon ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` out . '' 
 `` you 're not supposed to go f ** king out ! 
 not without someone with you . 
 if the cops find out about you just wandering the streets then it falls down on our head . '' 
 `` i agreed to this shit to be in possession . 
 i 'm not into this spanking shit or tying people up . 
 i 've seen enough to last me a life time . 
 i want to go back to possession or the deal is off , '' dane said . 
 `` do you think it is that easy ? 
 do you have any idea what stephen , cadeon , and i went through to get you out of jail ? 
 you 're a murderer and a pimp - '' dane slammed his fist down on the table . 
 he stood up leaning over the desk , and his huge body made the large desk seem small in comparison . 
 `` i may be here because of you , and do n't try to insult me . 
 i was never a pimp . 
 do n't even put that f ** king tag on my card . 
 yes , i killed people . 
 i was doing my job to stay alive . 
 now , either send me back to possession or back to the uk because i do n't have to deal with your american shit if i do n't want to . '' 
 james was n't scared . 
 dane may have killed people , but there was a skill in his own body . 
 at forty-six he still continued to train . 
 being a wealthy businessman and a dom did n't mean he could sit on his ass all day twiddling his thumbs . 
 he ran his club and his businesses with both hands . 
 there was no slowing down in his life , and that is exactly what he wanted . 
 `` i ca n't let you go back yet . 
 stephen does n't like you scaring the clients . '' 
 `` then he better pick stronger clients . 
 i agreed to be at possession , nothing else . '' 
 `` do you really know anything about dominic and his businesses ? '' 
 james was starting to wonder if they should just send him back and hope for the f ** king best . 
 `` i know a lot more than you think . 
 the policemen handling my case are being given information . '' 
 `` they 're fbi agents . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 a knock at his door stopped james in his tracks . 
 he glared at dane , who glared right back . 
 `` come in . '' 
 leo , their doorman , peeked his head around the corner . 
 `` is this a bad time ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 james did n't want anyone to know about dane . 
 he was to be their secret . 
 only the closest members of both clubs knew about him . 
 `` veronica 's little sister is at the bar . 
 am i allowed to let her in ? '' 
 leo asked . 
 james closed his eyes pinching the bridge of his nose . 
 could his day or night get any worse ? 
 veronica 's name no longer left a hollow feeling inside his chest . 
 instead , he was left feeling like he owed her something for not being truthful about who he was . 
 it was that guilt that made him show her picture to every doorman who worked for him . 
 leo had been with him for a year and james felt like he could trust the other man . 
 `` what is she doing here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` she came with some friends . 
 her friends are regular visitors to the main bar . 
 they do try to get past to the main part of ravage , we 've been able to stop them so far . '' 
 james watched as dane eased back in his chair , smiling . 
 `` veronica did n't want her sister at the club . 
 tell her to go . '' 
 james recalled the younger sister . 
 she 'd been a real treat even at eighteen . 
 prudence . 
 the name echoed around his mind making him smile . 
 she 'd been the only member of her family that made him feel like he fit in . 
 `` that 's easier said than done . 
 she does n't look like the type of woman to take no for an answer . '' 
 he let out a frustrated sigh . 
 when had he become a babysitter ? 
 first , an ex-convict or convict and now an ex 's little sister had joined the club . 
 `` i 'm coming . 
 stay here , '' he said to dane then made his way around his desk . 
 `` she 's sure grown up some from that picture you showed me . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` prudence . 
 she looks old enough , sir . '' 
 `` no matter how old she is , her sister did n't want her here . '' 
 veronica had made it clear to him when she 'd ended their relationship . 
 she did n't want any part in his sicko sex life , and if her sister was to come around then she wanted him to steer her in the other direction . 
 the noise made him moan . 
 he had n't been able to shake off this blasted headache . 
 the spot lights did n't help . 
 all the pressure from the media had started to weigh down on him . 
 he followed leo to the main area of the bar . 
 the darkest side to the club was hidden away underneath the main bulk . 
 he 'd been sure to keep security tight since his and stephen 's secret had been out . 
 possessive men seemed to be the in thing at the moment . 
 he could n't complain . 
 the club was making so much more money from the publicity even though it was unwanted . 
 leo paused at the bar . 
 `` well , where is she ? '' 
 james asked . 
 he remembered how sweet prudence was the last time he saw her . 
 she 'd been in her pyjamas with her hair tied up in a bun and a spoon sticking out of her mouth . 
 he was looking for that same girl he remembered . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 she 's not there , '' leo said . 
 jermaine was serving a brunette who was laughing at him . 
 james saw through the woman 's act . 
 she was trying to get free booze from his barman . 
 he clicked his fingers gaining jermaine 's attention . 
 `` those drinks better be paid for , '' he said . 
 `` this young man has been kind enough to say they 're on the house , '' the woman said . 
 she turned in her seat , stood , and wrapped her arms around his body . 
 her fake tits pressed against him . 
 james gazed down at all of her falseness and felt repulsed for ever finding something like this attractive . 
 `` do you see what i 'm trying to say , jermaine ? 
 women will come on to you in an effort not to pay my prices . '' 
 he eased the woman away from him and walked down to where leo was standing . 
 jermaine followed . 
 the blush on his cheeks was unmistakable . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , sir . 
 i wo n't let it happen again . '' 
 `` good , because everything you spent on her will be coming out of your pay check . 
 i do n't like being made a fool of . 
 i suggest you learn your lesson now . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` where is veronica 's sister ? '' 
 leo asked . 
 `` what ? 
 erm , i do n't know . 
 she was here when i brought her the water , '' jermaine mumbled . 
 `` you idiot . 
 you were supposed to be watching her . '' 
 james stopped leo from yelling at the boy . 
 `` i suggest one of you find her , as otherwise you 're both going to be in serious trouble . '' 
 he stayed by her seat at the bar waiting in case she came back . 
 james looked out on the dance floor . 
 the crowd opened up as three women stumbled out laughing . 
 three guys followed them . 
 two women had brownish hair while the third had black and red . 
 her saw the flash and change of colour as she approached the bar . 
 he could n't take his eyes away from the vixen who was heading in direction of the bar . 
 all of the blood went from his head to his cock . 
 james gazed down the length of her body . 
 the woman was on fire . 
 she was f ** king beautiful , and the ache in his groin intensified . 
 he wanted her , badly . 
 the instant hit of lust startled him . 
 being a dom , he should know how to contain his needs . 
 he was the one who trained his staff , who taught them that control was the key in his club . 
 one of the guys wrapped his arm around her waist pulling her back . 
 she pulled his hand away and dodged his kiss . 
 she did n't want the guy 's attention . 
 you 'll want mine ! 
 james shook the thoughts from his mind . 
 he did n't know what the hell was going on inside his head . 
 he was supposed to be looking for prudence . 
 she liked to be called prue . 
 he 'd always liked to use her full name . 
 it rolled off the tongue with such ease for him . 
 her h * ps swayed from side to side with every step , and her tits bounced . 
 he 'd never seen such full h * ps before . 
 this woman was coming home with him tonight . 
 she still had n't noticed him as she leaned against the bar . 
 `` looks like your jailer is gone , and so is the booze . '' 
 `` what do you say you go back to my place ? '' 
 the guy asked against her ear . 
 james listened as he approached . 
 the small group had n't noticed him yet . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 `` come on , babe . 
 i 'll make it worth your while . '' 
 he stroked her arm . 
 that small touch was all it took for james to explode . 
 he walked over to the woman , name unknown , and banded his arm around her waist . 
 `` this woman is mine . '' 
 in other words , back the f ** k off ! 
 the woman in his arms tensed . 
 the other women gasped . 
 her body pressed against his . 
 james felt every supple curve , and her scent invaded his senses . 
 he needed this woman more than he needed his next breath . 
 never in all of his life had he felt this way about a woman . 
 the possessive need he 'd witnessed in his two friends was the only thing he could compare it to . 
 yet , what he 'd seen was completely different from how he felt . 
 he needed to know everything about this woman . 
 she was his everything . 
 `` well , it was about time you came out to see me , james . 
 i was getting a little worried that the police were going to come . '' 
 james recognised that voice . 
 the woman in his arms turned around . 
 he got a really good look at her . 
 the blue of her eyes gave everything away . 
 they were like the clear ocean of the mediterranean . 
 her skin looked flawless and smooth . 
 he 'd been looking for a young innocent girl of eighteen . 
 in his arms was a woman . 
 a sexy , desirable woman with passion blazing in her eyes stared at him . 
 that woman was prudence star , and james knew he was in trouble . 
 chapter two dane waited for their footsteps to disappear . 
 he could n't believe he 'd been placed in the f ** king bdsm club . 
 it just goes to show the wealthy did n't do f ** k all right . 
 he was risking his neck for this shit , and what for ? 
 to be told off by a guy who thinks he knows everything about the world . 
 james castleden was like the rest of them . 
 they talked the talk but did n't have the first clue in what real pain felt like . 
 he moved around the desk and logged into the computer . 
 the passwords were a little tricky to get past . 
 after a few tries dane was able to get through . 
 he 'd made a promise , and he was going to see it through even if it meant breaking his word to the men who had gotten him out of hell . 
 he logged into the messenger and wrote an email to the person he was paying to release the woman on the list . 
 she was british , like him . 
 only he 'd been the bastard to capture her and put her in the system in the first place . 
 he knew her virginity was the only thing keeping her safe . 
 glancing at the door , he named a price and place where to drop the money . 
 of everything he 'd done since being on dominic 's payroll , this was the worst . 
 the terrified look in her eyes still haunted him . 
 since lloyd black 's arrest and eugene being killed the selling had gone quiet . 
 when he was working for dominic he 'd never had anything to do with the selling of women . 
 he was there to pay off his father 's gambling debts , not because he wanted to be part of the crime going on all the time . 
 his father had asked him to become a monster . 
 if he did n't then their whole family was as good as dead . 
 dane had never liked to be threatened . 
 he 'd gone to dominic 's house to tell him to back off . 
 at the time he 'd been twenty years old with a life ahead of him . 
 he 'd been at college and was preparing to go to university in the summer . 
 his life would be away from his alcoholic mother and gambling addict father . 
 he 'd start a life away from london and away from all the shit . 
 his parents were not bad . 
 they just did n't try to be good or to give him the best start . 
 he never blamed them . 
 he 'd learned at an early age to deal with the bad in life . 
 standing on the doorstep to dominic 's house , he 'd never anticipated what was to come . 
 dominic had wanted him . 
 to get through college and to make the money for his courses for university , he 'd taken up fighting and not the legal kind . 
 it was the kind that made decent money and was on the quiet . 
 what dane had n't known was that dominic had been watching him at his fights . 
 the moment he knocked on the door he 'd been caught . 
 his parents had been picked up by some men . 
 they were chained up in dominic 's sitting room being tortured . 
 dane could still recall the pain and agony on their faces . 
 **** `` so , the mighty son has returned . 
 come in and sit awhile . 
 i was getting a little bored , '' dominic said . 
 `` you son of a bitch , '' dane yelled and tried to charge at the man . 
 the guards held him back . 
 he managed a few steps before they pushed him to the ground . 
 he cried out , the anger too strong to contain . 
 dane wanted to do some damage . 
 he wanted to hurt something , anything . 
 `` now , now , behave , dane . 
 otherwise this is going to go a lot worse for you . '' 
 he was pulled to his feet and forced to his knees where a man slammed his fist in his face then kicked him in the stomach . 
 dane went over . 
 once he was down , blows rained down until he had no choice but to sit compliant and listen . 
 no one had touched his parents . 
 all the attention was on him . 
 `` i 've seen you in action , dane . 
 you 're a strong man . 
 a fighter and someone i can use . '' 
 `` i 'm not fighting anymore . '' 
 there was another harsh kick before dominic continued on . 
 `` i made a lot of money out of you . 
 that kind of cash does n't dry up that easily . 
 now , your father owes me a lot of money . 
 he has a thing for cards and women . 
 i provide that . '' 
 dane knew it was no good to interrupt him . 
 he stayed on the ground without fighting with a foot pressed on his back . 
 his body was on fire . 
 every part of him felt like it was being broken and shattered apart . 
 he did n't know how long he could last with this much pain . 
 `` please , '' his father said . 
 he closed his eyes unable to watch the blow that landed on his parent . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 dane asked . 
 he could n't bear to see his family in pain . 
 they may not have given him a brilliant start , but they were still his family . 
 `` i want you on my team , son . '' 
 the term son made him wince . 
 there was nothing fatherly in what dominic wanted from him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no ? 
 is that what you 're saying to me , boy ? '' 
 dane kept his eyes closed . 
 he could n't think , and he needed to . 
 `` well , that is not good . '' 
 seconds later he was pulled up , and he looked dominic in the eye . 
 there was nothing good inside him . 
 dane saw that immediately . 
 he was evil , and from the look of it , he liked doing bad things to people . 
 `` you make a choice , son . 
 either you become mine and do as i say , or i will kill your parents and everyone you 've ever cared about , and i 'll make you watch while i do it . '' 
 there was the sound of crunching bone and the shrieking of his mother . 
 the fight left him . 
 dane looked into dominic 's cold dead eyes and knew his future , the one he wanted more than anything , was gone . 
 `` what 's it going to be , son ? '' 
 **** dane pulled out of his memory . 
 his palms were sweaty , and his heart raced . 
 no matter how many times he looked back he could n't see another way out . 
 his life had been cemented in that moment . 
 there was nothing he could do except live the life that came . 
 the life he 'd lived so far had been one of violence and pain with no end in sight . 
 from the age of twenty-one , he 'd become the face of terror for dominic 's gang . 
 his boss owned every part of him . 
 his parents had died several years later when he was twenty-seven . 
 at the time dane had n't seen the point in leaving . 
 in seven years he 'd killed and caused so much damage that staying with dominic had been the best plan . 
 he looked around the office . 
 james castleden did n't know how lucky he was . 
 he had a good business , and even with the freaky sex shit , he could have a good family . 
 no matter what dane did , he 'd always have the guilt and the remembered look in the victims ' eyes when he made them draw their last breath . 
 shaking his head , he stared down at his hands . 
 they were his biggest weapons and always had been . 
 he pushed the thoughts away and focused on the problem at hand . 
 the guy was asking for several hundred thousand dollars in exchange for the girl he 'd wronged . 
 it was a lot to ask for . 
 he was prepared to do everything he could to right the wrong he 'd done . 
 the fbi could n't do a thing about it , and neither could the men who 'd set him free . 
 dane wanted it all to end . 
 the guilt and the anger were a part of him no matter what he did . 
 once the email was sent , he erased all traces from it and then fired up the computer , putting more security in place so that no one could hack james 's files , before going back to his seat . 
 he liked the men who were willing to help him . 
 they were taking a chance on him even though they knew he was a convicted murderer . 
 he leaned on his knees staring at the ground . 
 his life had been filled with a lot of bad choices , but none of that excused his behaviour . 
 when james had called him a pimp he 'd defended his own name , yet he was exactly what james accused . 
 one time when he 'd been told what to do , he 'd never thought it would have been to fool an innocent woman . 
 he shook his head . 
 his worst sin was the one he could n't undo . 
 no matter what he did to win her back , the woman who 'd fought to get away would never look at him the same . 
 chapter three james could n't believe prudence was standing in front of him . 
 this was not the girl he remembered . 
 everything around them disappeared until it was only the two of them in the room . 
 she smiled up at him , the same welcoming smile he remembered when he went to pick veronica up from her house . 
 prudence had been living with her for a short time while she was at college . 
 just thinking about it , the time that had since passed felt like a lifetime ago . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked as everything came rushing back . 
 he saw the flash of disappointment in her eyes and refused to do anything about it . 
 no matter what his body said or what any other organ said , prudence star was off limits to him . 
 `` besides checking out the hottest club around ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you know you 're not allowed here , prudence . '' 
 `` why do you still call me by my full name ? '' 
 `` because it is your name . '' 
 and i like it . 
 he did n't add the last part . 
 the last thing he needed was for her to know how she 'd affected him . 
 she was twenty-three years old , and he was forty-six years old . 
 he was too f ** king old for her . 
 she deserved someone ... normal . 
 the word alone made him shudder . 
 james did n't consider himself abnormal , until veronica reacted the way she did over his lifestyle , he knew prudence would never be for him . 
 prudence was his ex-girlfriend 's little sister . 
 he should n't be thinking about her in any way , even though her body was pure sin . 
 look at those curves , the way her skirt moulded to her hips . 
 he 'd seen the way her ass looked . 
 every part of her tempted him like a moth was tempted by a flame . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm here because of veronica . '' 
 he froze at the sound of his ex . 
 `` what does she want ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 prudence moved away from him to grab something from her coat . 
 james watched as she bent forward exposing the base of her back . 
 fucking hell ! 
 he ran a hand over his face trying to forget what he 'd just seen . 
 sweet , little , innocent prudence had a tramp stamp along the base of her back . 
 he had n't got a good look at the design , and he knew ink when he saw it . 
 the desire to bend her over the bar and have a closer look was too strong . 
 shaking his head , he shot a glare to her friends before turning back to prudence . 
 `` here it is . 
 she was adamant that i give this to you . 
 i 'm surprised she did n't call you herself . 
 her marriage is not going well . '' 
 `` that was over between us , prudence . 
 you know that . '' 
 he took the white envelope she offered wondering what veronica wanted him to know . 
 their last meeting had n't ended well . 
 in fact , it was one of the worst break-ups he 'd ever been part of . 
 `` i know . '' 
 they stood in the one spot staring at each other . 
 the guy who 'd been pawing at her was waiting to pounce again . 
 `` back off , '' james said to the guy as leo and jermaine appeared through the crowd . 
 `` you found her , '' leo said . 
 `` yeah , i found her . 
 get that boy out of my club . '' 
 he turned back to prudence to see her smiling . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` i do n't like seeing men paw women in my bar . 
 thanks for this . '' 
 james walked away before he did something he 'd regret . 
 she was too young , and he needed to remember that . 
 he passed leo and jermaine telling them that they could let her stay as long as they kept an eye on her . 
 james did n't want her anywhere near the basement of the club . 
 the basement was where the real action began . 
 the basement contained his very own dungeon . 
 pulling his cell phone out of his pants pocket he dialled stephen 's number . 
 stephen was the owner of possession , an exclusive club for men who felt possessive about their woman . 
 james held a place in the club , which he rarely used . 
 he much preferred his bdsm club . 
 the people who visited his club understood him . 
 he knew he held the possessive gene just like his father before him . 
 however , his need went a little deeper than needing to know every detail of his woman 's life . 
 his need could n't be easily sated with seeing his woman . 
 james required complete submission , his woman on his terms doing everything he said without argument . 
 several years ago he 'd tried the straight and narrow lifestyle . 
 it was n't for him . 
 veronica had seen to that at their final meeting . 
 `` hello . '' 
 stephen answered on the last ring . 
 `` i 'm not keeping dane . 
 either keep him with you or send him back to jail . 
 he 's not my responsibility . 
 he 's yours . '' 
 there was muttering over the line . 
 he made out ursula 's voice and the rustle of paperwork . 
 `` he 's scaring the clients , james . 
 i ca n't have him here . 
 especially with the press jammed up my ass , '' stephen said . 
 james stopped in the hallway before entering his office . 
 `` listen to me . 
 he is your responsibility . 
 i 'm dealing with the crap from the press just as much as you . 
 at least you have a woman by your side . 
 i 'm juicier meat because i 've got f ** k all . 
 this was the deal that you , cadeon , and lucas cooked up with the fbi . 
 i have no involvement with this . 
 i do n't even know what you agreed to . 
 he 's a murderer for crying out loud . '' 
 james hit his head against the wall in order to bring some focus into his world . 
 prudence 's presence had really knocked him hard . 
 she was n't a little girl anymore . 
 his feelings were completely irrelevant . 
 he needed to keep his focus ; otherwise he was going to be in trouble . 
 his friend cursed on the other line . 
 dane 's release had not come easily . 
 all of them had had to delve into their pockets for lawyers and judges , not to mention the reassurance they gave to the fbi . 
 the headache was intensifying from thinking about all the paperwork he 'd needed to sign from giving money to help . 
 `` look , we 've got to keep him safe . 
 i 've got a few members of the bureau working undercover here to keep an eye on him , '' stephen said . 
 `` then why send him to me ? '' 
 `` because he was getting restless . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` i covered for you growing up , stephen . 
 i 'm not taking your shit now . 
 get lucas to come and pick him up . 
 i want him out of my establishment in two hours . '' 
 james ended the call resting his head against the wall . 
 his club was his one salvation . 
 it meant he did n't have to be at the front line with stephen . 
 he did n't want any part in that life . 
 possession was n't for him . 
 this lifestyle was for him . 
 he rolled his shoulders trying to loosen the knots forming in his muscles from the stress of everything that had happened . 
 james knew that being at the club meant sacrificing being in the know of what was going on with dane and the deal they had made . 
 he liked being in the dark . 
 by being in the dark it meant the people closest to him were never at risk . 
 there were a lot of people close to him who could end up hurt by him . 
 he would n't let that happen . 
 he needed to take care of them like he did in everything else . 
 opening his office door , he stared at dane who was turning around in circles with the chair . 
 `` hey , dad . 
 can i go out and play ? '' 
 after seeing prudence , james did n't want to be reminded of his age . 
 he walked past the turning chair and pushed . 
 the chair and its occupant tumbled out . 
 he watched dane recover without landing on his ass . 
 the other man buttoned up his shirt and gave a bow . 
 `` i 'll be at the bar . 
 not causing trouble . '' 
 dane left closing the door behind him . 
 sitting at his chair , james stared at the white envelope in his hands . 
 veronica had promised to keep his secret if he promised to never contact her again . 
 he 'd kept to his promise . 
 no conversation had passed between them . 
 james wondered what could be happening in his ex 's life for her to be the one to get in touch . 
 placing the envelope down on the desk he stared at it . 
 the pounding in his temples continued . 
 his mind was all over the place . 
 all he saw in front of him was her curves . 
 the temptation she provided him from simply being available . 
 he had n't seen a ring on her finger or any signs of her being owned by another man . 
 you want to own that body . 
 he shook his head . 
 his thoughts were not welcome . 
 james grabbed the envelope and slid it into a drawer . 
 he did n't need the pressures of his past . 
 he typed in his password to the computer and opened the link to the security cameras throughout the club . 
 the basement , or the dungeon , as some of his patrons liked to call it , had plenty of security . 
 he did n't want anyone to be hurt on his watch . 
 dominance meant the world to him , and so , too , did his reputation . 
 without both he knew he would be lost . 
 he hovered over the club 's security . 
 james wanted one more look to make sure he had n't made it up . 
 closing his eyes , he battled with himself . 
 then he pressed the button that would zoom the camera in to find her . 
 he needed to make sure she was all right . 
 james refused to question his need . 
 prudence was his responsibility . 
 he did n't want to see any other reason other than her being a friend . 
 **** okay , that sucked more than anything else in the world . 
 prue watched him walk away . 
 for a split second she was sure she 'd seen interest in his eyes . 
 he 'd demanded that guy be taken out of his club . 
 her two friends were looking at her . 
 she could n't handle the pity in their gazes . 
 the other two men who 'd been with them were gone . 
 she guessed they must have gone when james approached or when their friend had been kicked out of the club . 
 taking the seat at the bar she ordered a drink , a strong one . 
 jermaine got her the drink without argument . 
 `` sweetie , who was that man ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 `` what makes you think i knew him ? '' 
 prue winced at the sadness in her voice . 
 why was she sad ? 
 james meant nothing to her other than being the guy her sister used to date or f ** k. god , just the thought of them together made her upset . 
 she could n't handle this . 
 seeing james was supposed to make her feel better , not worse . 
 `` you 're not kidding anyone , prue . 
 you know that guy , and he knew you . '' 
 `` he 's veronica 's ex . 
 she used to work here . '' 
 `` oh my god ! 
 the guy you were crushing over owns this bar ? 
 wow , do you even know the reputation of this place ? '' 
 anya asked . 
 prue nodded her head . 
 she knew about the reputation . 
 the professor who 'd taught her to love her fuller curves had dabbled in the lifestyle . 
 the thought of james being into it made her hotter than hell . 
 `` we 've tried to get into that part of the club . 
 no one has a clue where it is . '' 
 she knew where it was . 
 prue would n't be telling them where it was . 
 they were walking right over it . 
 before the big media reveal about the bdsm club and possession , she 'd been going into several clubs that had mentioned this place as a way to become part of the crowd . 
 grabbing her drink she sipped at the clear liquid . 
 the alcohol burst on her tongue . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 did you see him ? 
 he could n't wait to get away from me . 
 do i have stale food on my clothes ? 
 do i smell bad ? '' 
 her friends shook their heads in denial . 
 she understood him not finding her attractive , she thought they were friends at the very least . 
 they 'd gotten on really well when he was dating her sister . 
 `` he was hot for you , prue . 
 make no mistake . 
 the moment we came off the dance floor he was eating you up . 
 for an old man he 's really cute . '' 
 prue frowned at her . 
 james may be older than she , but that did n't mean he was some kind of ancient being . 
 `` are you coming to dance ? '' 
 anya asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , you go on ahead . 
 i 'm going to stay here . '' 
 and drown my sorrows in alcohol . 
 they gave her a sympathetic hug then walked onto the dance floor . 
 for a few minutes she watched them before turning back to her drink . 
 she stirred the contents with a straw and watched as the ice began to melt . 
 someone took the seat next to her ordering a beer . 
 the british accent soothed her . 
 prue looked up to see a large man . 
 he had dark black hair with the darkest green eyes she 'd ever seen . 
 the man beside her was tall , taller than any other man she 'd seen . 
 he had to be close to six foot six . 
 probably not that tall . 
 her maths were awful . 
 realising she was staring , she felt the blush fill her cheeks . 
 `` you can look all you want , '' the man said , taking a seat next to her . 
 `` sorry , you 're so tall , '' she said . 
 jermaine brought the guy 's beer over and glared at him before placing it in front of him . 
 `` cheers , mate . '' 
 she listened to the accent , loving the way the smooth tones of his voice helped to relax her . 
 her thoughts turned to james , and she squashed them . 
 he saw her as nothing more than a little girl . 
 `` i 'm prudence star . '' 
 she offered the guy her hand . 
 `` most people call me prue . '' 
 `` dane . '' 
 he shook her hand then pulled away . 
 `` dane ... '' `` last name not necessary . '' 
 prue smiled . 
 jermaine stood near where they sat . 
 `` so , a sexy lady like yourself should n't be alone at a club like this , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 my girlfriends are on the dance floor . '' 
 `` and you 're not there with them ? '' 
 she stared at him . 
 `` you 're asking a lot of questions for a stranger . '' 
 `` i 'm a curious guy . 
 i 'm a friend of james . '' 
 he stared at her . 
 prue took a moment to really look at him . 
 his eyes may be the darkest shade of green she 'd ever seen , but there was coldness to them . 
 this man was not everything he was cracked up to be . 
 `` you see who i am now , prue . '' 
 `` looks can be deceiving , '' she said , taking a sip of her drink . 
 her hand shook . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 `` get the f ** k out of my bar , now ! '' 
 james said . 
 prue turned toward him , shocked to hear the anger in his voice . 
 she stared from dane to james . 
 the anger on his face was pure . 
 `` james , what is going on ? '' 
 she asked . 
 instead of answering her , he caught her arm in a vise-like grip and gave her to leo , who happened to be walking past . 
 `` go and put her in my room , leo . 
 make sure to lock the f ** king thing so she does n't get out . '' 
 james gave out the orders . 
 `` hey , let go of me , '' she said , pulling on the arm that held her . 
 prue fought with all of her might to be out of his grip . 
 the man held her tightly , and she did n't like it . 
 `` do as you 're told , '' james said . 
 she stared into his eyes not comprehending the sudden change in him . 
 where had he come from ? 
 and what was wrong with the guy she 'd been talking to ? 
 she wanted to argue with him . 
 the pleading look in his eye stopped her . 
 there was arguing , and then there was plain stupidity . 
 `` you better explain . '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 leo escorted her out of the bar . 
 she saw her two friends rushed to where james was . 
 he must have given them a warning because they only stared after her . 
 `` could you please loosen your hold ? 
 i 'm going to have a bruise otherwise , and i do n't want to have to explain that to my bosses . '' 
 her bosses would n't care about her bruises providing her work was done . 
 working in a sit down office job was boring . 
 why was she thinking all of this stuff now ? 
 she should be panicking . 
 he walked her down the hall to a set of doors . 
 she watched him open the first door , close it , then turn to the left to open another door . 
 he was leading her down some sort of maze . 
 she closed her eyes feeling her anger begin to rise . 
 veronica was going to get hell for this . 
 `` give james this letter for me . 
 it is important . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 he liked you and will remember you . '' 
 she was going to f ** king kill her sister . 
 go to a club known for bdsm . 
 check . 
 end up feeling like shit because of the guy in charge . 
 check . 
 get locked in a room . 
 leo put her inside a bedroom . 
 `` please , stay put until james comes to get you . '' 
 he closed the door , and she heard the unmistakable sound of the lock flicking into place . 
 again , get locked inside a room . 
 check . 
 chapter four james waited for her to leave before turning back to dane . 
 the moment he 'd seen the killer near prudence , he 'd completely lost it . 
 no way in hell would he put her in danger , not for him or possession . 
 her friend approached . 
 `` i suggest you grab your belongings and get out . 
 if you cause a fuss i will have you permanently removed from ravage , '' he said without even looking at them . 
 neither of the women said a word . 
 he saw them take their belongings and hesitate over prudence 's coat . 
 `` i 'll sort it out . '' 
 they were gone several moments later . 
 `` you 're causing a scene in your club . '' 
 `` my club . 
 my rules . '' 
 james folded his arms over his chest . 
 the anger threatened to consume him . 
 he wanted to tear this man apart . 
 dane had done nothing to him . 
 james merely hated everything the guy stood for . 
 he did n't give a shit what he had to offer , the information trapped inside his murderous brain . 
 all that james cared about was getting the son-of-a-bitch out of his life and away from prudence . 
 `` do you really want to do this now ? '' 
 dane asked , flexing his arms . 
 james saw the threat and recognised it . 
 `` you do not come into my club and talk to her . '' 
 james was ready to do some damage . 
 this was not going to be settled like men . 
 he was done talking with this guy . 
 `` out back . 
 now . '' 
 his actions were immature . 
 he needed somewhere to vent this aggression . 
 he was tired of feeling out of control . 
 the past year had been out of his control . 
 with dominic green , lloyd black , the human trafficking ring , and the threat to his and stephen 's clubs , he was done with it all . 
 ravage was his baby , and he was n't going to take shit for another second . 
 dane represented everything they 'd all lost in the last few months . 
 he opened the door to the back alley . 
 it was clean and tidy . 
 dane came out followed by jermaine and leo . 
 `` james , this is not you . 
 do n't do this , '' leo said . 
 `` i do n't give a shit . 
 this ass ** le has pissed me off for the last time . '' 
 he stared at the man across from him . 
 dane looked sad yet determined . 
 dane began to unbutton his jacket . 
 `` you 're not ruining my best suit , old man . '' 
 `` bring it on . '' 
 at forty-six years old , james felt in his prime . 
 the jacket was handed to leo who took it grudgingly . 
 `` i do n't want to fight you , '' dane said . 
 james did n't know what had come over him . 
 the sight of prudence and dane talking had sent him over the edge . 
 `` i do n't give a shit , british . 
 come on , you 've been trying to get me to do this for some time . 
 bring it . '' 
 dane kept his fists down . 
 they circled each other . 
 no blows came as the shine of headlights came down the alley . 
 cadeon and stephen got out of the car , followed by lucas and sean . 
 `` seriously , after all the camera crews and news stations , you 're going to start a fight in the middle of an alleyway where anyone can see ? '' 
 stephen said , slamming his door closed . 
 james kept his eye on dane . 
 the man may be on their side , but he still refused to trust him . 
 `` he 's your responsibility , not mine . '' 
 james dropped his fist and then turned to the other men who 'd turned up . 
 they were all his friends , or at least he thought they were . 
 `` we all agreed to get to the bottom of this . 
 not just for us but for isabella and rebecca . 
 they need to know the truth . '' 
 isabella was lucas 's younger sister . 
 she 'd spent six months in the hospital recovering from several years of starvation and neglect . 
 they 'd found her behind a load of bushes in the local park . 
 rebecca was another matter . 
 she was the ex-wife of lloyd black and possibly the only real link they had left of dominic green 's business . 
 james hated the way their lives were turning out . 
 they were not supposed to be part of something like this . 
 `` where are tate and kevin ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` at possession with rebecca and isabella . 
 they 're keeping an eye on things , '' stephen said . 
 `` get him out of here , '' james said , turning his back on his friends . 
 `` we need to talk , james , '' cadeon said . 
 james closed his eyes trying to block them all out . 
 talking was n't resolving anything . 
 the last year with having the press diving into his past and his life had left him open . 
 james did n't feel like his old life would ever return . 
 they were all becoming part of something a lot bigger than them . 
 how could the others not see the dangers being brought to them ? 
 it had taken a long time for him to realise it . 
 when he 'd agreed to help with dane 's release and the women involved with his friends , he had n't seen the real danger to them . 
 they were not white knights or soldiers . 
 they were men from wealthy backgrounds where their money got work done . 
 none of them would ever be prepared for anything else . 
 `` i 'm not talking tonight . '' 
 he walked away toward prudence . 
 **** `` anyone else thinking that good old james has gone off the rails ? '' 
 cadeon asked . 
 dane kept his mouth shut . 
 the last thing he needed was to be part of their stuff . 
 he had a short period of time to get the money together and do the exchange , money in exchange for the girl . 
 `` he 's clearly not handling everything well , '' stephen said , looking at him . 
 he climbed into the back of the car . 
 these bastards drove around in luxury , so there was more than enough room for the three of them in the back . 
 lucas and sean sat either side of him . 
 he knew these men had gone through a lot of trouble . 
 dane also knew what isabella had gone through . 
 he would n't talk . 
 these men , no matter how hard they tried to help , were not equipped to deal with the men who were running this thing . 
 in comparison to people like dominic , these boys were country folk . 
 cadeon and stephen climbed back into the car . 
 the engine was started up , and they pulled out of the alley . 
 it was the cleanest alley dane had ever seen . 
 most of them were dumps with the smell of rotting food and piss . 
 he shook his head . 
 the biggest mistake he 'd done so far was bringing his shit to their door . 
 to a point he understood their need . 
 he 'd felt it once before himself . 
 only once and he knew unless he got her back , he 'd never feel it again . 
 `` why does james hate you so much ? '' 
 lucas asked . 
 `` because i 've killed people . 
 i think it makes him a little green to think of someone like me in his place . '' 
 dane did n't understand why . 
 he thought bdsm was some freaky shit , and from what he 'd seen in the basement , that was pretty much torture to some people . 
 being forced and paid to hurt people or even worse , kill them , took all the possible fun out of kinky games in the bedroom . 
 he liked his sex rough . 
 he did n't like his sex with whips and chains , that was too rough for him . 
 `` so have i , '' lucas said , on a whisper . 
 he knew the background of the two men beside him . 
 they 'd served their country like noble men , fighting for a cause they believed in . 
 he admired them for it . 
 they killed because it was their job . 
 in the force , it was either them and their team or the enemy . 
 his kills were nothing like that . 
 he had to kill to show his loyalty . 
 dane shook away the sound of their screams . 
 the pleading tone of their voices could threaten to send him over the edge . 
 pushing it away , he stared past them out of the window . 
 dane wished he could be like all these men . 
 calm and collected with plenty of money to be secure . 
 instead , he was under the radar with a fake identity . 
 what the hell had he done ? 
 **** prue sat on the end of the bed seething . 
 her father had never marched her out of a party or embarrassed her in front of her friends . 
 the way her friends had looked at her had been a combination of pity and fear . 
 she was n't afraid of james . 
 he was all bark and no bite . 
 she 'd witnessed how sweet he could be with her sister . 
 there was nothing to him . 
 tapping her foot on the thick carpet , she watched the door for signs of james . 
 she 'd screamed and banged at the hard wood with no promise of being able to escape . 
 looking around the room provided her with nothing . 
 there were no personal effects . 
 all that was there was a bed . 
 one bed , nothing else to help her deal with her boredom . 
 the lock turned in the door . 
 james appeared , and she glared at him . 
 from the expression on his face , he was n't in the mood to argue . 
 too f ** king bad . 
 `` how dare you control me like that ? '' 
 she got off the bed and moved toward him . 
 james closed the door behind him leaning against the doorframe . 
 `` it was for your own good , '' he said , folding his arms across his chest . 
 the defiant act pissed her off . 
 she wanted him to say something else . 
 `` my own good ? 
 i was talking to a guy at a bar , james . 
 i was n't doing anything wrong . 
 you had no right to do what you did . '' 
 she poked his chest getting little satisfaction as the simple press of her finger did nothing . 
 james was all muscle . 
 she 'd seen him without his shirt , once , while living at her sister 's apartment . 
 that one look had kept her fantasies alive . 
 she was a horrible sister . 
 james was her sister 's ex . 
 how could she even think of having him for herself ? 
 `` this is my club , prudence . 
 i make the rules , and if i tell you what to do you 'll f ** king do it , or else ! '' 
 his voice rose with each word . 
 she heard the warning behind them . 
 the rebel inside her was too hard to ignore . 
 prue stared up the length of his body , taking in every part of him . 
 he was tall , not as tall as dane but tall enough to crowd her . 
 his shoulders were twice the size of hers with thick arms well defined with plenty of muscle . 
 she could only imagine the kind of strength he possessed . 
 all of him was larger than she . 
 he made her feel small and delicate in comparison to his size and weight . 
 she stared up his body going to his lips . 
 they were pressed together in a hard line of disapproval . 
 she wondered how they would feel pressed against her own lips with pleasure being his only intent . 
 stifling a moan she moved up to his eyes . 
 they were brown and always made her freeze on the spot . 
 sometimes she was sure they were as black as the night depending on his mood . 
 she 'd spent way too much time analysing this man 's body . 
 next , his hair , which was black apart from the few shades of grey she saw streaking it . 
 this man was twenty-three years old than she , and yet he was the most attractive man she 'd ever seen . 
 licking her lips , she looked down at the floor . 
 did james have any idea how she felt ? 
 his words finally penetrated her perusal of him . 
 she frowned . 
 or else ? 
 `` or else ? 
 or else what , james ? 
 you 'll spank me ? 
 put me over your knee and tell me what a bad girl i 've been ? '' 
 once she started it , there was no stopping . 
 prue closed the small distance between them , pressing her body against him . 
 he did n't push her away or pull her closer . 
 taking his silence into account she leaned up so she was able to whisper into his ear . 
 `` i 've heard all about this club , james . 
 you 're a dominant man , and i know what dominant men do . '' 
 he caught her arms pulling her back . 
 `` i do n't know what has gotten into you . 
 i suggest you take my advice and do n't come back here . '' 
 james stared down at her . 
 she gazed into his eyes , watched as they turned black . 
 heat swamped her pu ** y . 
 she waited for him to speak . 
 when he did n't say anything she placed her hand against his chest . 
 `` i 've never been good at being told what to do , james . 
 i do n't like being told what to do . '' 
 she stroked his chest feeling the warmth vibrate against her palm . 
 `` you 'll do as i say , '' he said . 
 there was too much arrogance in his tone . 
 `` and why would i follow your instructions when i would n't even follow my parents ' ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he leaned down , freezing her to the spot . 
 his hand came out to caress her cheek . 
 she sucked in a breath when his thumb trailed along her bottom lip . 
 what she 'd give for him to put his lips on her . 
 her heart pounded inside her chest . 
 her cl * t was swollen . 
 she knew she 'd need to find some release tonight . 
 `` because when i threaten , prudence , i mean every single word . 
 if you do n't listen to what i say then there will be consequences . '' 
 he leaned in close . 
 his lips were centimetres away from hers . 
 she closed her eyes waiting . 
 `` there is a taxi waiting for you downstairs , prudence . 
 he 'll take you wherever you want to go . '' 
 in the next moment he released her and then was gone . 
 leo stood outside the door waiting for her . 
 she wanted to find james and kick him . 
 she 'd made a total ass of herself , and she did n't like it . 
 leo held her coat in his hand . 
 she snatched it off him then followed him out of the front of the club . 
 `` he means well , prue , '' leo said . 
 `` i do n't give a shit what he means . 
 no one , especially not a guy , orders me around . '' 
 she wrapped her coat around her , climbed in the back of the taxi , and gave her home address . 
 she 'd long since moved out of her sister 's apartment . 
 veronica was now a happily married woman with two young children . 
 tonight , however , she was staying with prue . 
 the taxi pulled up outside of her home . 
 she went to pay the driver . 
 he reassured her that her taxi had been paid for . 
 shrugging her shoulders , she got out of the car and made her way to her front door . 
 the driver pulled away when she was locking her front door . 
 `` you took a long time , '' veronica said . 
 that was it . 
 prue turned around and confronted her sister . 
 `` how dare you ban me from ravage or any club for that matter ? 
 how could you , veronica ? '' 
 her sister folded her arms staring at her . 
 she saw the guilt written across her face . 
 prue cursed and charged past her . 
 she was tired of being treated like a child . 
 her parents wanted to dictate her life to her , and veronica kept protecting her in all possible ways . 
 `` i did it for your own safety . '' 
 veronica followed her into the kitchen . 
 prue grunted while filling the kettle up . 
 she placed it on the base and flicked the switch for it to start boiling . 
 `` my safety ? 
 everything you 've done has been for my safety . 
 when are you going to let me live my life the way i want ? '' 
 `` prue , it 's not that simple . '' 
 `` actually , it is . 
 when it comes to me , you simply butt out of my life . '' 
 she turned back to her sister , glaring at her perfection . 
 veronica was still thin even after a couple of kids . 
 no wonder their parents preferred her . 
 she was the perfect housewife and mother whereas prue worked in a dead end job with no boyfriend to speak of . 
 she shut all thoughts of james out of her mind . 
 `` you 're young . 
 i do n't want you to make mistakes . '' 
 `` they are my mistakes to make . 
 you 're not protecting me . 
 you 're smothering me , veronica . '' 
 `` i want you to be happy . 
 to have what i have , '' veronica said . 
 `` i do n't want what you 've got . '' 
 silence met her answer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` marriage , kids , the house , and the perfect life you lead , i do n't want it . 
 never have . 
 i love what i 've got . 
 i need you to back off . '' 
 her sister gave her a look that made prue think she 'd grown three heads or something . 
 `` did you give james my letter ? '' 
 `` yes , i gave it to him . 
 i do n't know if he 'll read it . '' 
 `` i 'm pleased you got out of ravage okay . 
 i was so worried about you . '' 
 veronica walked to her , wrapping her arms around her waist . 
 prue rolled her eyes . 
 she loved her sister , but this was too much . 
 she pushed her away then made herself a cup of tea . 
 `` you worked at that place for a couple of years , and you dated the owner of the club . 
 ravage is not a problem . 
 it is as harmful as going to the library . '' 
 `` prue , you have no idea what goes on in there . 
 trust me , ravage is not safe . '' 
 shaking her head , she walked past her sister . 
 `` are you staying the night ? '' 
 `` yes , if you do n't mind . '' 
 `` stay all you want . 
 i 've got to work tomorrow , so post your key through the letter box when you leave , '' prue said , walking up the stairs toward her room . 
 `` you 're working on a saturday ? '' 
 she stopped to stare at her older sister . 
 the shock on her sister 's face made prue laugh . 
 `` sorry , sis , we small people still have to work to keep a roof over our heads . 
 see you tomorrow . '' 
 prue closed the door of her bedroom before placing her cup on the side of the bed . 
 she walked over to the mirror over her dresser . 
 pulling the make-up wipes from her drawer , she slowly began to remove the make-up she 'd worn . 
 her thoughts returned to james . 
 his presence alone was enough to make her melt . 
 if only he had n't been with veronica . 
 she did n't want to hurt her sister by dating her ex . 
 she finished removing her make-up then dressed in her soft teddy bear patterned pyjamas . 
 prue sat in the centre of her bed sipping her tea . 
 she hated arguing with her sister . 
 when her cup was empty , she walked down the stairs to see her sister curled up on the sofa . 
 a romantic comedy was playing on the television . 
 `` i thought you 'd be asleep by now , '' veronica said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for yelling at you . 
 i know you worry about me . '' 
 veronica turned the television off and then turned to her . 
 `` apology accepted . 
 you 're right , i do care about you . 
 i do n't want you getting hurt . 
 after everything that has been brought to light about james and his club , i do n't want you anywhere near it . '' 
 she moved to the other end of the sofa and sat down . 
 `` when you wear stuff like that , i forget that you 're an adult . '' 
 prue looked down at her night clothes , smiling at her sister 's comment . 
 `` i know . 
 i was wondering . 
 what happened between you and james ? '' 
 prue asked . 
 when her sister had broken it off with james , veronica had never talked about what happened . 
 `` we wanted different things . '' 
 `` did you love him ? '' 
 prue asked , holding her breath . 
 `` you 've got a lot of questions tonight . '' 
 `` are you surprised after the mysterious white envelope ? 
 you never talked about him , and when you were with him , you seemed happy . '' 
 veronica stared at her a few minutes before answering . 
 `` i was happy , prue . 
 he is an amazing man . 
 i just was n't the type of woman he wanted . 
 i think i 'm going to go to bed . '' 
 prue watched her sister leave . 
 her heart was hurting . 
 she wanted james , and she knew her sister still had feelings for him . 
 veronica had n't answered the one question prue wanted her to answer the most . 
 did she love him ? 
 prue was starting to think her sister had n't gotten over her feelings for james . 
 chapter five james watched as lucas sanchez spanked the sub before him . 
 the other man was blowing off some serious steam , and the sub before him loved every second of his attention . 
 james saw the look of rapture on her face . 
 she was a regular at ravage and was always looking for the right dom to give her what she needed . 
 he flicked his cell phone open and then closed , keeping his hands occupied . 
 several other couples were dotted around the small room . 
 the small bar served the voyeurs and helped to ease newer members into the lifestyle . 
 james took pride in this part of his club . 
 the bar and the main bulk of the club upstairs kept a regular supply of customers looking for a good time , while this provided many more needs , for himself and for others . 
 lucas had been working the woman over for an hour . 
 the show had brought a lot of attention from the select few of clients in his club . 
 it amazed him how many people were in the lifestyle . 
 staring down at his hands , he could n't stop thinking about prudence . 
 the way she 'd felt in his arms . 
 he wondered what it would feel like to wrap her two-toned hair around his wrist and to see the submission in her eyes . 
 for many years , he 'd been able to spot a submissive a mile away . 
 his father had trained him to take over the club . 
 his father and stephen 's when they were alive had been long-time friends . 
 their families connected as far back as over a hundred years . 
 when they died stephen had inherited possession , and james had gotten ravage even though he had been a frequent visitor and trained dom before the club became his . 
 when he 'd turned eighteen , his father had sat down and talked to him , openly and honestly . 
 the conversation at the time grossed him out , but the content was important to him . 
 from the moment he hit his teens and puberty , he 'd known he was different . 
 the way he felt about women and his needs during sex had scared him . 
 until his father gave him the talk . 
 he did n't think of his parents in the lifestyle ; that was too much for him to deal with . 
 the moment his father brought him to the club , he 'd known this was where he was supposed to be . 
 he 'd trained many subs over the years and helped plenty of couples to find their own way within the life of bdsm . 
 dominance was part of him , and he accepted that . 
 but ? 
 he shook his head . 
 but nothing . 
 he was n't going to think about her . 
 prudence was off limits to a guy like him . 
 he would n't do anything about it . 
 you felt the pull . 
 the undeniable need to claim her , to take her and make her yours , for the rest of your life . 
 she 's not mine . 
 she could be . 
 the sound of the sub finding release pulled him out of his thoughts . 
 he watched lucas clean her up , cuddle her , and then walk over to where he was sitting . 
 `` you 've trained her well . '' 
 james nodded his head . 
 `` you 're usually with a sub now , training . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 lucas said . 
 `` nothing is wrong . 
 i got another dom to train the newbie . '' 
 james took on subs who were in need of finding an experienced dom who would n't hurt them . 
 `` something is on your mind . '' 
 `` no shit . 
 how can you even think straight with everything that is going on around here ? 
 dane and all the problems with dominic , i feel like i 'm going to explode . '' 
 james vented to the other man . 
 he did n't know why he was finding it difficult to comprehend everything that had happened in the last few months . 
 all he knew was how it was affecting his life . 
 nothing was the same . 
 nothing felt the same to him anymore . 
 it was a never ending waste of time to him . 
 his club , his pride and joy , no longer held any appeal . 
 it was like he was stuck in limbo with no chance of escape . 
 he grunted then ran his fingers through his hair . 
 what would his father do in this situation ? 
 `` you ca n't let it get to you , james , '' lucas said . 
 `` easier said than done . 
 i ca n't move without thinking the press is riding my ass . 
 more and more members want to join the club . 
 vetting them is becoming a problem . 
 i do not want to put my people at risk because of everything that is happening over there . '' 
 `` do you think stephen is not going through the same thing ? '' 
 `` it 's different . 
 he has ursula . '' 
 lucas laughed . 
 `` there is nothing different . 
 she 's had to give up studying because of the press hounding her at college . 
 her teachers did n't want to teach someone associated with him , let alone on the verge of marrying him . 
 cadeon is part of this mess , too . 
 violet is expecting their first child in a few months , and he 's getting stuck at work . '' 
 james listened to everything lucas had to say , shocked by the news . 
 he 'd thought he 'd been in the loop . 
 from what lucas was saying , he was nowhere close to understanding what was going on . 
 lucas continued on . 
 `` then we have the problem with sean . 
 he 's going off the rails big time . 
 my sister , isabella , being back has set him off . 
 isabella spends most of her time locked away in her room refusing to talk to anyone , least of all me . 
 then we come to rebecca . 
 she 's staying at possession and she is terrified to say one word out of place . 
 the people around you are suffering , james . 
 you 're just not around to see it . '' 
 `` why have n't you told me ? 
 none of you have come to me . '' 
 `` why should we ? 
 you lock yourself away here and never give a thought to the pain or damage your friends may be going through . 
 ravage has become your whole life . 
 you do n't go anywhere . 
 when was the last time you visited possession to simply have a drink and chat with the men there ? '' 
 james thought about the question . 
 visiting possession had n't been high on his list of things to do . 
 unless it was to deal with the shit they 'd put themselves in , he 'd not been there in over two years . 
 `` look , i do n't know you like the others , and i appreciate you taking me on when i do n't have the money to back my name , but i think you need to take a step back and see what we 've still got . '' 
 lucas finished his coffee and stood . 
 `` i 've got to get back to possession . 
 think about what i 've said . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 he sat there another few minutes before he could n't take it anymore . 
 james made his way up from the dungeon and went to his office . 
 the moment he sat down in his chair to start looking at figures his phone rang . 
 `` james , '' he said , picking up the receiver . 
 `` sir , veronica 's sister is here again with her friends , '' leo said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` she 's at the bar while her friends are on the dance floor . '' 
 james put the phone down , cursing . 
 it was monday night , and she 'd been plaguing his thoughts all weekend . 
 he felt like a sick bastard for wanting her . 
 james moved toward the filing cabinet in the corner of his office and pulled out the file on veronica . 
 he typed her number into his cell phone and rang her . 
 `` hello , '' she said . 
 he hated the way her voice sounded nervous . 
 she knew it was him . 
 `` your sister is here again . 
 i made you a promise , but i ca n't keep throwing out good paying customers . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , james . 
 did you get my letter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , i have n't had chance to open it . '' 
 `` please , open it . 
 it is important to me . '' 
 `` i will . 
 what do you want me to do about your sister ? '' 
 there was silence on the other line . 
 `` she hates that i interfered with her life . 
 i ca n't force you to do anything . 
 just keep her safe , will you ? '' 
 james ground his teeth together . 
 at one time , her words would have cut deep whereas now they only angered him . 
 `` we 're not monsters , veronica . 
 your sister is in good hands here . '' 
 she mumbled something . 
 his anger rose . 
 `` maybe next time you should bring me your crap yourself , and that way you wo n't be putting your sister in harm 's way . '' 
 slamming his phone shut he tore up her file , finally feeling closure over his ex . 
 he was n't ashamed of who he was , however lucas 's words had opened him up . 
 one year he 'd been pulling away . 
 he 'd not gotten regular updates , and he needed to keep in the loop . 
 this was n't anyone 's fault . 
 his friends needed his help , and he was going to start by helping them . 
 first , he needed to get prudence out of the picture . 
 she was messing with his head , and he did n't like it . 
 **** another night and she was waiting at the bar for the owner to come down and remove her . 
 she shivered at having james touch her again . 
 becky and anya had convinced her to go to the club after work . 
 she 'd wanted to see james again . 
 her thoughts were constantly veering toward him . 
 he was like a never-ending wet dream . 
 leo stood over her . 
 `` you can go and do your job , you know ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i left you alone last time , and you escaped . '' 
 `` am i under arrest or something ? '' 
 he glared at her , arms folded , and stared towards the far end of the bar . 
 she shrugged her shoulders , sipping the iced water that jermaine had given her . 
 `` i 'm not even going to answer that . '' 
 she sipped on her drink watching her friends on the dance floor . 
 james came and sat in the stool next to her . 
 leo left to go back on guard duty . 
 prue refused to look at him . 
 instead she watched her friends getting all the attention on the floor . 
 `` do you have another letter to give me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nope . '' 
 prue still had n't looked at him . 
 it was easier to answer him when she did n't have to stare into his eyes . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she ignored the question watching one of the guys touch her friend 's hips . 
 `` prudence , '' he said . 
 when no answer came from her , he caught her cheek in his hand and turned her to face him . 
 `` i came because i like being here . '' 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 `` why ? 
 this is a decent bar . 
 one of the best in the city and i 've just finished work . 
 i 'm blowing off steam . 
 i 'm not causing any trouble . 
 i ca n't even get alcohol , '' she said , holding up her glass . 
 `` see , water . '' 
 `` i promised your sister . '' 
 the anger rose even further . 
 she slammed her glass down on the counter and stood . 
 `` i 'm tired of that crap . 
 i 'm twenty-three , james . 
 i 'm not a child or a teenager . 
 i can make my own decisions . '' 
 to prove her point , she moved onto the dance floor with her friends . 
 anya and becky grabbed her hands . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 anya asked over the blaring of the music . 
 `` yes , just fed up of my sister and him trying to protect me . 
 i do n't need protecting . '' 
 she swayed her h * ps trying to get lost in the beat of the music . 
 `` i think he likes you more than he lets on . '' 
 becky whispered against her ear . 
 `` he 's staring at you , prue . '' 
 `` do you still want him , prue ? '' 
 she took a quick glance in his direction . 
 they were right ; he was watching her . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 he 's out of bounds for me . 
 i think my sister is still in love with him . '' 
 the song ended , and they moved back to the bar . 
 she grabbed her coat and moved around james , who had n't budged from his spot . 
 `` you ca n't ignore me , prudence . '' 
 `` it is prue , and watch me . '' 
 she pulled out of his hold moving closer to her friends . 
 jermaine brought her another iced water , which she drank . 
 `` your sister is still in love with him ? 
 when did that happen ? '' 
 anya asked . 
 `` when i asked her and she did n't answer my question . '' 
 `` what happened between them two ? '' 
 becky asked . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i really liked him . 
 in fact , i more than liked him . 
 i think my sister knew about how i felt . 
 she never said anything . '' 
 prue rubbed her temples feeling the heat of the bar getting to her . 
 `` i think he likes you . '' 
 shrugging her shoulders , she sipped her drink . 
 a few guys walked toward them . 
 her two friends gave them the smiles and the giggles . 
 prue tried to ignore the guy hanging around her . 
 `` hey , beautiful . 
 how are you ? '' 
 his smooth voice made her cringe . 
 one of his hands landed over her shoulders . 
 `` fine , thanks . '' 
 she pushed his hand off her shoulders . 
 `` would you like to dance ? '' 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 her two friends were chatting away while this other man was trying to grope her . 
 `` come on , babe . 
 give a guy a break and dance with me . '' 
 he pulled on her hand , which made her fall out of her chair and onto the floor . 
 her knees hit the tiled floor sending a blast of pain up her body . 
 shit , she had n't seen that one coming . 
 prue looked up at the sound of the commotion . 
 in the short time she 'd been on her knees , james had grabbed the guy by his collar and slammed him against the bar . 
 she was shocked by the brute force with which he worked . 
 `` when a woman says no , she means no . '' 
 he raised his fist . 
 leo caught him before he landed another blow . 
 james looked at the guy as if he was scum . 
 prue winced as she got up from the floor . 
 `` you better get out of my club and not come back . '' 
 he picked her up off the floor , one of his hands going under her knees as the other went to keep her back steady . 
 james carried her out of the main bar and down to his office . 
 her face was red with embarrassment . 
 she had n't even looked at her knees yet . 
 they hurt , but her pride hurt more . 
 the moment the door to his office shut she began to fidget in his arms . 
 `` put me down , please , '' she said . 
 he did n't let her down until he placed her on the sofa . 
 james kneeled in front of her , pulling her leg out in front of her . 
 `` you do n't have to look at it , james . 
 i can go back to the club . '' 
 `` prudence , you banged your knee on my tiled floor . 
 i know how painful they can be . 
 let me take care of you , '' james said . 
 he eased her pencil skirt up past her knee . 
 she winced from the sudden pain . 
 `` there is no blood . 
 you 've got a lot of bruising . 
 your knees took the full force of the floor . '' 
 `` lucky knees . '' 
 did he know his fingers were caressing her calf muscles ? 
 his touch was soothing and his fingers smooth . 
 she closed her eyes relishing the slight touch . 
 `` you 're bad for my business . 
 that is the second guy in the matter of four days i 've had to ban from my club . 
 at this rate i 'll be out of business by the end of the year . '' 
 james joked . 
 prue gazed at him . 
 `` you do n't like other men touching me . '' 
 she blurted the words out unable to stop them . 
 he paused on her knee . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 the admission did nothing to ease her confusion . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because they do n't deserve you , prudence . 
 i know the type of men who come here , and i do n't trust them . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` because of you being a dom ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looked up at her surprised . 
 `` did veronica tell you ? '' 
 `` no , the news did and an ex-boyfriend who liked to dabble in the lifestyle . '' 
 why was she talking to him ? 
 she was angry at him . 
 mad and wanted him to leave her alone . 
 the way he was caressing her calf made her feel like falling to sleep . 
 she saw his other hand tighten on his thigh . 
 the knuckles were white from her words . 
 `` this is wrong , '' he said . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 `` i dated your sister . 
 i 'm older than you . '' 
 `` we 're just talking , james . '' 
 he glared at her . 
 `` do you think i do n't see the interest in your eyes ? '' 
 prue dropped her gaze at his words . 
 `` i think you should go , '' he said . 
 she eased up off the seat , missing his touch as she did . 
 her knees hurt , and she was looking forward to a bath . 
 `` you need to stop sending men away , james , '' she said , stretching her hands above her head . 
 `` i saw no interest on your part . 
 i figured they were bothering you . '' 
 `` do you always send unwanted men away with other women in your club ? '' 
 he was silent , and her question was n't answered . 
 she glared at him , angered by the way he made her feel . 
 it was unfair that she was affected by him while he showed no signs of having any interest in her at all . 
 `` you 're not like other woman , prudence . 
 i have to protect you , '' he said . 
 she heard the determination in his voice , along with something else which she did n't know , and it startled her . 
 she took a step toward him invading his space . 
 a finger poked against his chest . 
 `` i 'm not your responsibility , james . 
 i can do whatever the hell i like . '' 
 he grabbed her finger pointing the digit away from his chest . 
 `` do n't start something you can not finish . '' 
 prue had no idea what came over her . 
 maybe it was the iced water or just being in the close proximity of this powerful man . 
 she pressed her body against the front of his . 
 her ni ** les hardened at the small contact . 
 her pu ** y felt like it was on fire . 
 `` who says i ca n't finish ? 
 you do n't know everything about me , mr. castleden . '' 
 she moved in close to his lips . 
 prue felt his breath mingle with her own . 
 `` you 're not playing with your college boys , prudence . '' 
 his hands came up grasping her arms . 
 she whimpered from the strength in his arms . 
 who would n't be affected by this man ? 
 he put an arm 's distance between them . 
 prue waited for him to let her go . 
 she stared at him for a few seconds trying to see if there was any sign of her effect on him . 
 there was nothing visible . 
 `` see you around . '' 
 she turned on her heel and left . 
 her two friends were waiting anxiously at the bar . 
 `` i 'm out of here . 
 i 'll see you at work . '' 
 she left the club without a backwards glance . 
 chapter six james watched her leave . 
 the sway of her h * ps and that full rounded ass tempted him where he stood . 
 he wanted to call her back , strip the skirt from her body and to see how full the curve of her ass actually was . 
 she should n't be tempting him like this . 
 he ran a hand over his face in an attempt to stem his desire for her . 
 the pulse of his c ** k was not going away . 
 he cursed her for invading his thoughts . 
 glancing around his office , he tried to find something to take his mind off her . 
 all he smelt was her subtle perfume that permeated the air . 
 `` fuck , '' he said . 
 seeing no salvation in his office , he left the room and made his way down to the dungeon where the real action was taking place . 
 the beat of the music in ravage held no appeal . 
 he did n't know if she had left or whether she was out there dancing with some ass ** le . 
 he took his usual booth in the back of the club so he could watch the proceedings . 
 the main bulk of the club was clear of any serious action . 
 a female sub was being punished for an indiscretion with missing a dom 's title . 
 watching his club usually calmed him whereas now all he saw was prudence . 
 what would she look like knelt at his feet or offering to do anything he ever wanted . 
 tate and kevin came over interrupting his thoughts . 
 they were two friends who dealt with security . 
 from what he knew they were brilliant at what they did and had made a fortune from the services they provided . 
 the two men were also in love with rebecca . 
 since her attack they rarely came to the dungeon or ravage . 
 they sat on either side of him , their expressions looking grim . 
 `` odd to see you here , '' james said , sipping a brandy that a waitress had brought over to him . 
 `` we needed to get out of there . 
 it was too much , '' tate said . 
 james guessed the there was possession . 
 `` how is it going over there ? '' 
 james asked , recalling what lucas had said earlier . 
 `` you mean between the nightmares and the endless quiet ? 
 nothing . 
 rebecca stares out of the window like she 's expecting to see something . 
 her cases are always packed , and she refuses to go back to the house that cadeon set up , '' tate said . 
 kevin remained silent in the booth . 
 `` sorry to hear it is so bad over there . '' 
 neither of them spoke . 
 `` she knows dane , '' kevin said , after some time passed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` neither of them speaks to each other , but we see the recognition on their faces . 
 they know each other , and i think it is down to lloyd black . 
 i bet he 's got shit loads to answer to . '' 
 kevin swigged down a full glass of whisky before slamming the glass down on the table top . 
 `` i 'm going to get another . 
 do either of you want one ? '' 
 both men shook their heads , and they waited for him to leave . 
 `` it is getting bad over there . 
 stephen is having to deal with clients who are refusing to pay their quote . 
 also , the press are having a field day with him . 
 they want him to talk about possession and how you become a member . 
 then with this dane business . '' 
 james listened while tate continued talking . 
 `` rebecca and isabella are not helping . 
 they live there permanently . 
 lucas and sean were talking to me the other day , and they do n't think this thing with dominic green is over . 
 our names are all over this . 
 kevin and i have increased security , and i recommend you do the same . '' 
 `` then i 'll let you and kevin handle my security over here . 
 i 've no idea where to start . '' 
 tate nodded . 
 `` we 'll deal with it at the weekend . '' 
 the sound of a sub crying out in pleasure pulled their attention out of their conversation . 
 james saw the dark-haired beauty being brought to cl ** ax . 
 all of a sudden the woman changed in his mind 's eye . 
 he saw two-toned hair . 
 the brown became black with the contrasting dark red underneath . 
 he shook his head trying to clear his thoughts . 
 prudence should n't be in his thoughts . 
 she was too young and one of his ex 's younger sister . 
 turning his attention back to the table , he thought about prudence with her sweet smile . 
 that sweet smile had turned into one dripping with sexual promise only moments ago . 
 `` i need you to do something else for me , '' james said . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 tate asked as kevin joined them at the table . 
 `` i want you to do a background check . 
 i want to know past boyfriends , her scores in college , and where she works now . '' 
 what the hell are you doing ? 
 she 's younger than you . 
 you should n't be doing this . 
 stop . 
 he could n't stop . 
 tate pulled out a book and began making notes . 
 `` i need a name . '' 
 `` prudence star . '' 
 `` when do you want this information for ? '' 
 `` by the end of the week or as soon as you can get it . '' 
 james sipped his drink . 
 a sub stood by their table looking down at the floor . 
 `` yes , '' james said with a growl to his voice . 
 `` my master has offered me to you , '' the voice said . 
 `` tell him i 'm not interested . '' 
 she scurried away . 
 `` that 's not like you , james , pushing away a sub . '' 
 he did n't say anything as he downed his drink . 
 since prudence had entered ravage on friday , training or taking a sub for the weekend had n't been on his mind . 
 none of them held any appeal . 
 he pushed kevin out of the way and got up . 
 `` get me those details . '' 
 he left the dungeon without a backward glance . 
 some people tried to catch his attention , he ignored them , pretending he had n't seen them . 
 james walked out of his club and asked leo to get him a cab to take him to possession . 
 he waited while leo talked to the taxi firm . 
 they used one who knew the score and kept their mouths shut . 
 once inside , the driver did n't speak to him or acknowledge his presence . 
 james stared out of the window trying to get the black and red haired beauty out of his mind . 
 at the gate to possession , he typed in the twelve digit number for his access code . 
 the gates opened and immediately shut when the car drove down the path leading up to the house . 
 when the taxi stopped , he paid some money for them to wait while he was inside . 
 he was surprised to see there was no doorman when he entered . 
 james kept his coat and made his way down to stephen 's office . 
 lucas and sean were coming down the stairs looking like they 'd just been to hell . 
 he saw lucas give him a nod of the head before leaving . 
 `` i 'm surprised to see you here , '' sean said . 
 the man looked like he 'd aged twenty years . 
 `` are you still drinking from the bottle ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` no , i drink from the glass and keep the bottle close by . '' 
 sean walked away leaving lucas and james alone . 
 `` where is the doorman ? '' 
 `` i think you need to talk to stephen . '' 
 lucas walked past him leaving james alone . 
 he knocked on the door and heard his friend 's muffled voice letting him know the door was open . 
 walking into the room james was shocked by what greeted him . 
 there were piles of paperwork on the table . 
 dane sat in the centre of the room looking through some of the mounds of paperwork . 
 stephen looked up . 
 `` james ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 `` the one and only . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 james asked , stepping around the room . 
 `` i finally emptied the basement of the house that dad kept hidden . 
 these are all the backlogs of files on the members of possession . '' 
 stephen went back to reading . 
 `` why do n't you have a doorman ? '' 
 `` he quit when he was attacked at the door by a pair who 'd managed to get an access code to the gate . 
 they did n't look like regulars . 
 they were members of the press . 
 after the attack there was an expose on the people who worked here . 
 i compensated him , and his job will still be here when all this crap dies down . '' 
 stephen explained without looking up . 
 james looked at the never ending paperwork . 
 `` how did they get the access codes ? '' 
 `` someone hacked our security . 
 i 've had tate and kevin put a tighter lock on things . 
 i 'm hoping it will hold up any possible threat . 
 i 've had it up to here with them . '' 
 stephen raised his hand above his head . 
 dane had n't looked up at him . 
 james did n't like this other man . 
 for him , he represented all the crap that was happening . 
 if it were n't for men like him then he would n't be in this position , and maybe prudence would n't be breaking into his thoughts . 
 `` i 'm getting them to boost my security . 
 how is ursula handling things ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he liked the other woman . 
 she made stephen calm and showed him what it meant to be a possessive man . 
 `` she 's not saying anything . 
 i know she hates the fact she ca n't finish her degree . 
 her family are being difficult . 
 they 're worried about her being with me . 
 it is a mess . 
 eugene really f ** ked everything up for us . '' 
 eugene black was the man responsible for putting possession and ravage in the spotlight . 
 if james could get his hands on the little f ** ker he 'd have killed him all over again . 
 `` why are you going through the old files and all the old members ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` to see if i 've missed something . 
 i 'm following my gut in this one , james . 
 i think there is an answer in here . 
 i have no idea what . 
 ursula thinks i 'm barking mad . '' 
 `` is this because of lloyd black ? '' 
 `` partly . 
 you do know he was friends with our parents , do n't you ? '' 
 james shook his head . 
 he had n't known . 
 james frowned as he recalled what stephen had said about the files being in the basement . 
 `` i thought the files were either on the computer or here , '' james said . 
 `` that is what i thought . 
 only within the last twenty years has information been going on file . 
 my dad printed everything off and stored it away in the house . 
 possession was not the original house where the club met . '' 
 `` where did the club usually meet ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` at my house , the one that has been passed down through each generation of knox 's . 
 some of the stuff here is in writing . 
 i think it dates back easily a hundred years . '' 
 stephen closed and file and threw it on the floor . 
 `` anything with black and knox ? '' 
 `` yes , you 're not going to like it . 
 this here has the three files of knox and black , but there is also castleden , james . 
 something went on among our families , and i 've no idea what it is . '' 
 **** dane listened to them talk . 
 they were getting close to putting their history together . 
 he 'd figured it out the moment he read the files . 
 it was done in code and one he 'd easily been able to decipher . 
 these two men had no idea how tightly they were wound with the black name or how tightly the black name was wound with green . 
 `` i 'm going to get a drink , '' dane said . 
 stephen nodded his head then continued talking with james . 
 he liked both men and knew when they saw the truth , they would be in for a world of hurt . 
 dane walked out of the office and down to the bar . 
 he saw lucas and sean drinking , which made him hesitate . 
 staring up the flight of stairs , he walked to the top floor to the far end . 
 he gave three knocks , and isabella opened the door . 
 she looked at him like he 'd gone mad . 
 behind isabella , rebecca stood . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` i could ask you two the same question . '' 
 he pushed past them and slammed the door glaring at them . 
 neither of them showed any fear . 
 `` i told you when i came here after getting out . 
 your being here is not good , '' dane said . 
 all three of them had agreed a few years ago what was going to happen . 
 he did n't like how it was going . 
 this could all turn on their heads . 
 `` things change , dane , '' rebecca said . 
 `` our plan does not change . 
 things are going to get ugly . 
 dominic was just the beginning . 
 he 'll come , and then you 'll both be sorry . '' 
 at mentioning him they both winced . 
 he hated to see the pain on their faces . 
 they were two young women who 'd suffered a great deal . 
 he wanted them to live their lives without fear . 
 `` what are you going to do when they find out the truth ? 
 isabella ? 
 rebecca ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , dane . 
 we ca n't run . 
 too much is at stake , '' rebecca said . 
 `` sean and lucas wo n't let me run . 
 i 'm thankful for your help , but i ca n't finish it . 
 this is my home . '' 
 `` i ca n't protect you here . 
 you 're too vulnerable . '' 
 dane wanted to hurt something . 
 all of his planning was for nothing . 
 `` we know you want to save her , dane . 
 we 're going to help any way we can to get her back . '' 
 he closed his eyes as he was once again swamped by the pain . 
 `` nothing is going to help if you two are still around when the shit hits the fan . 
 they 're coming , and they 're going to collect . '' 
 at his words silence descended on the room . 
 `` james and stephen have no idea how far back this thing goes , do they ? '' 
 dane did n't say a word . 
 from what he 'd read , neither did their fathers or their fathers before them . 
 whatever happened between possession and ravage was about to get a whole lot worse . 
 `` i better go before someone notices i 've gone . '' 
 dane held both women 's shoulders trying to comfort them . 
 `` please , get out of here before it is too late . 
 you will be nothing but pawns in this war among men . '' 
 he left them going straight to the bathroom when he saw sean walking up the stairs . 
 dane locked the door staring at his reflection . 
 he needed more time and more money . 
 another part of him did n't want james and stephen to be hurt . 
 dane closed his eyes shutting off the painful memories . 
 he needed to get isabella and rebecca to safety . 
 that was the one promise he was going to keep . 
 the other , he 'd die in her place if he had to . 
 **** `` do you really think they 'll be coming for us ? '' 
 isabella asked . 
 rebecca stared at the younger woman wishing she could give her something to help her feel safe . 
 `` if dane says he 's coming then he 'll be coming , and if we 're here , we 're as good as dead . '' 
 rebecca thought of tate and kevin . 
 they were in love with her . 
 she 'd seen the possessive glint in their eyes whenever they looked at her . 
 they wanted to keep her safe , and she hated the fact that they were in love with an illusion . 
 the rebecca they 'd fallen in love with was n't the real person she was . 
 she blinked away the tears filling her eyes . 
 lloyd black had destroyed every part of her that was good . 
 now , she did everything she could to survive . 
 `` why do n't we run ? '' 
 isabella asked . 
 `` i think you should run . 
 i ca n't . 
 i owe cadeon and stephen so much . 
 they protected me from lloyd when it got too bad . 
 then there are tate and kevin . '' 
 she cut off her thoughts . 
 `` they will love you no matter what , '' isabella said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` they wo n't . 
 not when they learn the truth . 
 who could love someone like me ? '' 
 isabella held her close . 
 she took the small amount of comfort that she could in the younger woman 's arms . 
 they both owed dane so much . 
 rebecca knew he was putting his life on the line to help them and the men who 'd helped to free him . 
 `` i ca n't leave lucas to this . 
 he 's all i 've got . '' 
 `` then it looks like we 're staying until the end . '' 
 they held each other for several minutes . 
 it was the only comfort they could afford themselves in this perilous time . 
 rebecca knew it was only a matter of time before possession and ravage were a distant memory . 
 she hoped and prayed they were all strong enough to deal with the danger that was lurking all around them . 
 chapter seven another meaningless day at work and her feet were tired from all the walking she 'd done . 
 she needed to find better fitting shoes . 
 the heels she wore were not doing the job she wanted . 
 prue loved the way the heels made her legs and ass look , but they were a nightmare on her feet . 
 she leaned back on her sofa , clicking on the television when her phone began to ring . 
 she ignored the shrill tone intent on disrupting her quiet time . 
 the phone went ignored for the next few minutes until the phone lay silent in its cradle . 
 her thoughts turned to james as the television showed a romantic comedy . 
 it was too early for any decent movie to be playing . 
 it had been four days since she 'd seen james . 
 monday seemed like an eternity away . 
 anya and becky went to ravage every night after work . 
 they were addicted to the club . 
 she 'd declined to go , preferring to stay at home with a tub of chocolate ice cream to keep her company . 
 prue flicked through the channels trying to find something to capture her attention when the phone began ringing once again . 
 she growled before getting out of her chair and answering the call . 
 `` hello , '' she said . 
 there was no sound on the other line . 
 she put the phone down , and it immediately began ringing again . 
 frowning , she picked the phone up , waiting for the person to respond . 
 goosebumps erupted on her arms as she heard heavy breathing on the other end . 
 the sound filled her with terror . 
 she 'd seen plenty of movies with heavy breathers down the line . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 no sound other than the heavy breathing . 
 she put the phone down then turned to sit on the sofa . 
 the phone began ringing . 
 prue picked the phone up and placed it against her ear . 
 the heavy breather was back . 
 she slammed the phone down and disconnected the phone from the wall . 
 prue stared at the phone and screamed when someone banged on her front door . 
 she put a hand to her brow , feeling the sweat on her forehead . 
 the neighbourhood she lived in was a good one . 
 she walked to the door surprised to see who was on her doorstep . 
 james stood waiting for her . 
 prue would recognise that frown anywhere . 
 she soaked him in through the little keyhole . 
 `` open the door , prudence . 
 i know you 're standing there . '' 
 she stuck her tongue out and pulled a face before putting on a bland expression and opened the door . 
 `` james , i 'm surprised to see you here . 
 veronica does n't live here . '' 
 her heart was racing partly from the phone call and mostly because having your wet dream on your doorstep would cause any body to have a meltdown . 
 `` i 'm not here to see veronica . 
 i 'm here to see you . '' 
 he brushed past her without giving her chance to invite him in . 
 `` you could have waited for an invitation . '' 
 `` i 'm not a vampire , prudence . '' 
 he moved into her sitting room , glancing around him . 
 she gazed at him stood in her sitting room . 
 the house was a nice size . 
 with him inside the sitting room made her place feel ridiculously small . 
 `` nice place . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 do you want anything to drink ? '' 
 she asked , pulling out her ponytail and allowing the locks to fall around her head . 
 `` no . 
 i want you to quit your job , '' he said , turning to look at her . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i know where you work , and i do n't want you working there anymore , '' he said , removing his coat . 
 the moment the coat was gone she lost all sense of her argument as she merely watched him . 
 his body was so large and muscular . 
 it is not the first time you 've seen a decent body , prue . 
 he 's not even naked . 
 stop simpering , you silly girl . 
 `` you ca n't tell me where to work , '' she said , folding her arms underneath her br ** sts . 
 she saw it . 
 his gaze went down to her chest and quickly looked up at her . 
 if she 'd been looking elsewhere she 'd have missed it . 
 that one glance gave her hope . 
 why are you hoping ? 
 he 's veronica 's ex . 
 you ca n't have him . 
 she did n't want him . 
 you do . 
 take what you want . 
 prue felt like a bitch and was confused . 
 veronica was a happily married mother . 
 why could n't she be with james ? 
 her life was turning into one long drama . 
 she could n't stand it much longer . 
 `` give me one good reason why i should give up my job ? '' 
 she asked , pulling his attention back to her . 
 she wondered what he 'd do if she opened her blouse revealing the white lacy bra she wore . 
 stop ! 
 do n't be bad , prue . 
 she wanted to be bad with james so much . 
 `` you work for cadeon ashwood , '' he said . 
 `` wrong . 
 i work in the building owned by cadeon ashwood . 
 i 've never met the guy . 
 i know violet , the woman he 's married to . 
 she was a quiet little thing . 
 i 'm not quitting my job . '' 
 she watched him grind his teeth . 
 his jaw locked in anger . 
 `` i 've told you to quit your job . '' 
 he took a step closer . 
 prue licked her lips from the way his gaze penetrated her own . 
 she 'd never seen him so serious before . 
 `` no , you ca n't order me around , james . '' 
 she stopped speaking the moment he stood in front of her . 
 she stared up his body wondering what was going on in that mind of his . 
 `` i do n't want you working for him . '' 
 `` he 's your friend ? '' 
 she knew the answer . 
 his and cadeon 's name had been linked together in the news . 
 `` i know , and i do n't want you working for him , prudence . '' 
 `` in case you have n't noticed , mr. castleden , jobs are scarce in this market . 
 the work i do for cadeon is good , and i get paid a decent wage . 
 not many women can say the same . '' 
 her heart was racing purely for him . 
 his subtle masculine scent teased her nostrils . 
 the scent of leather and hard muscled man was intoxicating . 
 he wore his leather pants making him look sinful . 
 `` what was your relationship with your professor , prudence ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked at him , staring into his eyes , and she knew . 
 james had run a check on her . 
 prue knew she should be angry at him checking her out , but it made her pleased . 
 prue loosened a hand and pressed her palm against the front of his shirt . 
 she felt the coil of muscle tense against her touch . 
 a chuckle escaped between her lips . 
 she took one step closer , closing the small distance between them . 
 her hand was the only part of her touching him . 
 it was enough for her to feel the heat escaping from him . 
 `` i never knew i was so important for you to check up on . '' 
 her ni ** les were hard points , and her pu ** y was on fire , her need escalating in a short space of time . 
 `` what was your relationship with your professor ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 she did n't speak a word only stared at him . 
 what did it mean for him to be checking up on her ? 
 in her heart she thought it meant so much . 
 did he care about her ? 
 want her the way she wanted him ? 
 her head , however , made her doubt herself . 
 he 'd been with veronica . 
 she 'd seen him happy and knew from the look on his face that he was n't happy . 
 `` you 've checked up on me , james . 
 you find out what went on between the professor and me . '' 
 she moved away taking a seat on her sofa . 
 if she had n't been wearing her pencil skirt she 'd have folded her legs under her . 
 prue picked up the remote and turned the volume up on the television . 
 her hand shook giving way to her nerves . 
 she wanted to challenge james and show him she could give as good as she got . 
 `` you f ** ked him , did n't you ? '' 
 her pulse leapt in her body . 
 she 'd never heard him be so crass before . 
 prue liked the way the word `` fucked '' rolled off his tongue . 
 again , she did n't answer flicking through the channels instead . 
 `` he was older than you , prudence . '' 
 she smiled recalling the way the other man had shown her the delights of the body . 
 it was a nicer and subtler way of saying how well the older man f ** ked . 
 out of the corner of her eye she saw the stress on his face from her lack of words . 
 why was she doing this to him ? 
 james had always been nice to her . 
 he ran his fingers through his black hair with the few specks of grey . 
 she wanted to run her own fingers through the locks . 
 how would they feel when she tightened on the length as he drove his shaft inside her ? 
 james sat down on the coffee table in front of her . 
 she saw the bulge in his pants and knew he wanted her . 
 the signs she 'd been looking for on monday were present now . 
 what should she do ? 
 prue did n't want to be another notch on his bed post . 
 or a guilty f ** k the next morning . 
 she 'd hate for him to regret being with her . 
 he took the remote from her hand and placed her hand within his . 
 she saw how much bigger he was than she . 
 she was n't scared . 
 his size comforted her . 
 in the modern world they lived in , she knew she was n't supposed to need a man to keep her safe but she did . 
 prue liked the thought of being taken care of . 
 prue 's secret fantasy was to have a man who not only wanted to possess her , he also needed to own her . 
 **** james felt the smooth softness of her hand . 
 since the moment he learned she worked for cadeon , alarm bells had been going off through his mind . 
 he did n't want her working for cadeon , and he knew it was silly . 
 he 'd known cadeon a long time . 
 the man was completely devoted to his wife , violet . 
 all of james 's concerns were not founded . 
 she was safe with cadeon where at other offices she would n't be . 
 no matter how many times he tried to talk himself out of it , he could n't stop the unease inside him . 
 she should n't be working for cadeon inside that office . 
 then to top it off , the report that tate had given him explained the rather dubious relationship she 'd had with her professor in college , michael lovell . 
 he recognised the name and the man . 
 he 'd been a frequent visitor to the dungeon at one time . 
 prudence 's name had never been mentioned once . 
 james knew something happened between them , and he hated it . 
 she was sweet and young , and michael should have kept his hands away from her . 
 why are you here ? 
 why do you want to kill the man for touching prudence ? 
 why do you want her to look at you and for her to tell you she 'd go anywhere with you ? 
 so many questions and he refused to answer any of them . 
 `` i know michael lovell . 
 i know what he likes . '' 
 her gaze went back to his . 
 the blush in her cheeks was unmistakable . 
 `` you have no right to question the men in my life . '' 
 he knew she was attracted to him . 
 james had always known the feelings he invoked in this woman before him . 
 when she was younger he 'd seen the admiration and the desire , the desire of a young girl who had no idea what real life meant . 
 the woman before him knew true desire . 
 she stared back at him . 
 the fire danced in her blue eyes as she looked back at him . 
 james saw the challenge in her gaze , and what was worse was the fact the dom inside him wanted to answer that call . 
 `` i 've never asked you about any of your conquests , james . 
 the many women you 've f ** ked . '' 
 none of his conquests would come forward . 
 the relationship he held with women was strictly business . 
 he trained them in the art of submission until he found the right dom for them . 
 the time he spent with them was good but not ground breaking . 
 he 'd never felt any connection of souls like his two friends had described to him . 
 not even with veronica . 
 she was the only anomaly in his life . 
 he 'd never taken her or trained her . 
 she 'd been a passing fancy that only age had shown him the truth . 
 he 'd never felt this need to keep her close . 
 staring at prue , he felt the need . 
 `` you can work for me , '' he said , hating the words the moment he said them . 
 `` why would i work for you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she had n't taken her hand away . 
 james held her hand close refusing to let go . 
 he needed to keep her close , and the only way to do that was by having her near him at all times . 
 it was wrong of him . 
 veronica would probably kill him if she ever found out . 
 he did n't care . 
 james was going to do whatever the hell he liked . 
 `` i can double your salary , '' he said . 
 he 'd seen all of her personal details . 
 tate had been thorough in his search . 
 james expected the thoroughness , especially after the mistake he 'd made with violet . 
 `` exactly how much did your check go into ? 
 you know i 'm paid well for my work . '' 
 `` i 'll make sure you can pay your student debts and own this house within the next five years , '' he said . 
 his wealth could keep her in the life of luxury for the remainder of her life . 
 he did n't want her to feel like a kept woman . 
 prudence was independent . 
 he saw it , understood it , and would respect it , at least for as long as he could handle her independent streak . 
 `` i do n't want to work for you , james . 
 i think you should leave before we say something we might regret . '' 
 james felt an excitement course through his body at her challenge . 
 did she not know what her words were doing to him ? 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to work for me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm positive . '' 
 he stood , pulling his coat on . 
 another plan had already begun to form inside his mind . 
 she 'd refused to work with him , and he 'd find another way to get what he wanted . 
 she followed him to the door . 
 he turned , cupping her cheek against his palm . 
 `` you 'll be mine soon . '' 
 before she got chance to speak , he walked back to the car . 
 the taxi driver was waiting for him . 
 he climbed in the back seat waiting for him to drive to the club . 
 while they were on the road , he pulled out his cell phone and dialled cadeon 's number . 
 cadeon answered on the fifth ring . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 cadeon asked as a way of greeting . 
 `` i want you to do something for me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i want you to fire prudence star on monday . '' 
 chapter eight the weekend could n't end fast enough for prue . 
 her dreams over the last three nights had been filled with james and the last words he 'd spoken before he left . 
 `` you 'll be mine soon . '' 
 those few words were enough to send her heart-rate sky rocketing . 
 she 'd never been spoken to with so much possession before . 
 unfortunately , because of her dreams , she 'd woken up late and was currently running toward the ashwood building in the pouring rain and was soaking wet . 
 the moment she walked through the doors , she wrung her hair out then made her way to the elevator . 
 prue saw her reflection in the steel and groaned . 
 she looked a mess . 
 opening her bag , she pulled out a hair brush and tried her best to make herself look presentable . 
 her skirt felt incredibly tight around her stomach , and her bra was digging into her shoulders and br ** sts . 
 the doors opened , and she walked over to her desk . 
 anya and becky were waiting for her . 
 `` mr. ashwood has demanded your presence in his office immediately , prue . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 anya asked . 
 she frowned . 
 prue had never met the owner of the building where she worked . 
 there was no reason for her to be meeting him . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i better go even though i do look like a lost cause . '' 
 she ran her fingers through her wet hair then went back to the elevator for it to take her up to the top floor . 
 prue walked across the office floor towards his office . 
 her heart was pounding . 
 cadeon ashwood 's personal assistant asked her to wait . 
 she took the time to gaze out of the window down to where people were getting wet from the rain . 
 her thoughts drifted to james and his unexpected visit on friday . 
 she also recalled the swelling in his pants . 
 his arousal had been hard to mistake . 
 she crossed her legs on the spot trying to stem her own desire . 
 her needs when it came to james were getting harder and harder to ignore . 
 `` miss star ? 
 mr. ashwood will see you now . '' 
 prue followed the woman . 
 cadeon was seated behind his desk . 
 she recognised him from the photographs taken over the past year . 
 `` miss star , thank you for seeing me . '' 
 she nodded her head , taking a seat in front of him . 
 her hands were shaking as she looked at him . 
 he was a handsome man . 
 not as handsome as james , but he could rival most men in the looks department . 
 `` i do n't know what this is about , mr. ashwood . '' 
 he paused , and she saw he was n't giving her direct eye contact . 
 `` i 'm afraid we 've had some difficulty of late , and we have to let some staff go . 
 it is with great regret we inform you that your position here will have to be terminated . '' 
 everything clicked into place . 
 prue knew he and james were very good friends , and she also knew that james would do anything to get what he wanted . 
 she 'd seen the intent and could n't believe the lengths he 'd gone to , to get what he wanted . 
 easing back in her seat she stared at him , seeing how uncomfortable he was . 
 his friendship was being tested to the max . 
 `` james put you up to this , did n't he ? '' 
 cadeon looked at her . 
 his eyes were filled with the same kind of heat that james possessed . 
 she knew this man was completely taken with his own wife . 
 the possessive flare that the news had reported on was not a lie . 
 she knew that now more than ever before . 
 `` i 'm afraid there is no stopping what he wants , miss star . '' 
 `` please , call me prue . 
 oh , he 'll get what he wants , just not in the way he thought . '' 
 she stood up and leaned over the desk to shake his hands . 
 `` lovely to meet you , cadeon . 
 give violet all the best . '' 
 she left his office moments later , walking back to the elevator that took her to her floor . 
 when she was there , she walked over to her desk and packed the few personal items before walking out of the door . 
 her anger was building with each step she took . 
 she ignored the taxi waiting for her and insisted on getting her own . 
 the taxi took her straight to ravage . 
 the club was closed . 
 she saw leo outside smoking a cigarette . 
 after paying the taxi , she waited to gain leo 's attention . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 she asked . 
 leo escorted her inside . 
 `` i 'm afraid you 're going to have to wait in his office . 
 james is a little busy at the moment . '' 
 he left her inside james 's office . 
 she took in the space around her . 
 prue knew where he was , and she was going to confront him . 
 the dungeon may be off limits to her , however , james had just cost her her job . 
 he was going to get a piece of her mind , whether he liked it or not . 
 she listened to the door to see if leo was standing guard . 
 prue opened the door a little to peer outside . 
 no one was hanging around . 
 she closed the door after her and decided to find the dungeon . 
 she walked to the far end of the corridor and found a door leading to a waiting room . 
 prue knew if it was night there would be guards on the door so no one could gain access . 
 she opened a set of doors that led to a flight of stairs . 
 for a split second , she doubted herself . 
 she should n't be doing this . 
 james would n't like her going down there . 
 he 's just lost you your job . 
 he deserves to get what is coming to him . 
 what he had coming to him , she did n't know . 
 taking the steps slowly , she descended to the last one until she came to another set of doors . 
 prue opened the doors and looked into a whole new world . 
 she 'd been to bdsm clubs before . 
 those clubs were nothing like this . 
 this whole place was like being immersed into a different world . 
 `` you need to show her that she can trust you . 
 you 're the one in charge of her . 
 she 's your responsibility . '' 
 she heard his voice giving instruction . 
 there was another man and a woman in the middle of the club . 
 the woman was bound to a table with her ass in the air . 
 her pu ** y was on display for them all to see . 
 prue could n't help herself . 
 she gasped . 
 the last bdsm club she 'd been to had been a long time ago . 
 the lifestyle had n't been part of her because none of the doms appealed . 
 she 'd done it for the current man in her life and because being told what to do turned her on . 
 her small gasp caught james 's and the mystery dom 's attention . 
 `` i told leo to put you in my office , '' james said . 
 `` too bad for leo that he had a pissed off woman on his hands . '' 
 she walked over to where james stood . 
 his chest was naked , and he wore a pair of leather pants . 
 he looked so damn good . 
 she wanted to stand there and admire him . 
 instead , she forced herself to storm over to him . 
 james came toward her . 
 he bent down , putting his shoulders against her stomach and lifting her . 
 the move was so unexpected that she left out a squeal . 
 `` continue with your training . 
 lucas will supervise you , '' james said , pointing to another man who 'd entered the room . 
 `` put me down , you f ** king ape . 
 you poor excuse for a f ** king man . '' 
 she wriggled on his shoulder in an attempt to make him put her down . 
 nothing she did budged him . 
 `` watch your head , '' he said , walking out of the doors she 'd just entered through . 
 she curled up the best she could while he took her back up to his office . 
 prue took the time to thump and slap his backside with all the anger she felt directed at him . 
 `` sorry , boss . 
 i ca n't keep her in one place , '' leo said when james passed him . 
 `` no problems , leo . 
 i 've got her sorted . '' 
 she hit him , cursed him , and did everything in her power to try to get him to put her down . 
 the door to his office closed , giving them much needed privacy . 
 only then did he put her down on her feet . 
 the moment her feet hit the floor she tried to slap him . 
 he caught her hand pulling her in tightly against his body . 
 `` do n't even think of trying to hit me . '' 
 he warned her . 
 she stamped on his foot as hard as she could . 
 his facial expression did n't change once . 
 prue stared down at his shoes . 
 they looked like hard working boots . 
 when she glanced back up in his face and saw the gleam in his eye , she knew she was right . 
 `` stop being such a hell-cat , '' he said . 
 `` you got me fired , james . 
 i liked that job . 
 okay , it was just a job , but it was one that meant i was able to keep a roof over my head and food in my stomach . '' 
 `` what makes you think i took your job ? '' 
 she punched him in the arm with her free hand . 
 `` i know you and cadeon ashwood are friends . 
 i read the papers , james . 
 i 'm not stupid even if you do like to treat me as if i am . '' 
 he captured her cheek with his palm . 
 the action was filled with such tenderness it made her stop . 
 prue stared at him shocked by his move . 
 **** her lips were in the shape of a heart . 
 james thought they looked so damn good . 
 he wanted to kiss them , desperately . 
 cadeon had kept his word . 
 he did n't know why it was important to him for her to be close , only that he needed to keep her there . 
 `` what more do you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he knew there was more knowledge behind her eyes . 
 the report he 'd gotten from tate last friday showed him how much prudence knew . 
 james cut off all other thoughts . 
 he did n't want to think of her with another man . 
 his hand remained against her cheek . 
 her skin was soft . 
 he refused to let go of such beauty . 
 gazing down her body , he saw her ni ** les were rock hard pointing up at him . 
 what he would give to feel them in his palm ? 
 her lips tempted him . 
 james wanted one taste , just one taste . 
 he lowered his head , cutting off all thought . 
 james claimed her lips . 
 prudence did n't fight him . 
 the instant his lips were on hers the fire ignited inside him . 
 he moved his hand from her cheek , sinking his fingers into the locks of her hair . 
 she wrapped her arms around him , pressing her curves against his body . 
 his c ** k filled and threatened to rip out of his pants . 
 still , he sank his tongue between her lips , tasting her for the first time . 
 heaven was all he could think about . 
 prudence was pure heaven . 
 her body accepted him as if she 'd been made to be his and his alone . 
 he kissed her like a starving man would devour his last meal . 
 even as his body went up in flames , his mind settled as he knew he 'd found the right woman . 
 prudence star was the one for him , and she 'd just turned his carefully designed world upside down . 
 james came up for air , and he stared down into her face . 
 her eyes were closed with a small smile playing along her lips . 
 he moved his body closer , and she melted against him . 
 in that one moment he thought of veronica . 
 he 'd never felt anything with her . 
 the few small kisses they 'd shared had been nice but nothing like what he felt now . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked , finally opening her eyes . 
 `` we should n't be doing this , '' he said , even as his body protested . 
 `` you were the one to kiss me , james . '' 
 he knew that , just like he knew he was the one who was still holding her in his arms not wanting to let her go . 
 `` i told you i did n't want you working for him . '' 
 `` and now i 'm not . 
 what are you going to do with me ? '' 
 she asked , licking her lips . 
 he 'd tasted those lips . 
 they had n't sated his desire . 
 her lips had opened up his need . 
 james knew of many things he could do to her and wanted to . 
 he eased her out of his arms then took a step back . 
 `` you can work here , and i 'll drive you home every night . '' 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 you lost me my job so that i can be a barmaid ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` there is nothing wrong with being a barmaid . '' 
 `` and there was nothing wrong with what i did . 
 i do n't want to serve drinks for a living . '' 
 a knock came at the door interrupting his thoughts . 
 leo looked around the door and gestured for him to come . 
 he looked at prudence before following him out . 
 james knew he 'd f ** ked up with her . 
 he only hoped she found the work enjoyable . 
 chapter nine prue stormed home unwilling to go down without a fight . 
 james was not going to get what he wanted . 
 there must be plenty of jobs out there . 
 all she needed to do was look in the right places . 
 on the way home she picked up a newspaper with the intention of looking for some work . 
 at home , she put the kettle on and sat at the kitchen table circling job offers . 
 while she made phone calls and crossed out job offers , she rubbed her lips thinking about the kiss . 
 at first for a few short seconds it had been the lightest of caresses , and then within an instant it had intensified . 
 `` stop thinking about him , prue . 
 he 's not worth it . 
 look for another job and put him out of your mind . '' 
 she reached for the phone to dial another number . 
 the phone began to ring . 
 prue picked the phone up and answered the call . 
 there was no sound on the other end . 
 she put the phone back down then picked the phone up to dial the number for another job . 
 by the afternoon , she 'd phoned several places and gotten three interviews booked for the coming week . 
 she made herself another cup of tea as her phone rang once again . 
 picking up the phone , she greeted them and waited . 
 there was no one on the line other than the heavy breathing . 
 she paused with her pen over the newspaper . 
 `` i do n't know who you are , but please stop calling me . '' 
 prue slammed the phone down then let it sit by her . 
 she hated the calls . 
 should she call the police ? 
 she shook her head . 
 a heavy breather meant nothing . 
 to relieve her mind she kept the phone off the hook for the rest of the night . 
 anya and becky paid her a visit later that night trying to get all of the juicy details out of her . 
 she told them as much as she wanted to . 
 for some reason she wanted to keep james 's involvement out of their conversation . 
 what he 'd done was between the two of them . 
 she was n't going to go and tell everyone what had happened . 
 when they were gone , she linked her laptop up to the internet and typed in his name . 
 there were plenty of searches relating to his name . 
 she added in the word `` possession '' and then `` ravage '' to see what else came up in the search engine . 
 most of the links were repeating what the news had said about their secret society . 
 she scrolled through the links and found a small one that was something similar to a forum . 
 prue clicked on the details and read through most of the posts available to her . 
 she knew the basics , but none of the research helped her . 
 if she was going to get answers then she 'd need to get them herself . 
 prue put her phone back on and dialled james number . 
 he answered immediately . 
 `` i was wondering when you were going to call , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got three job interviews lined up . 
 i 'm not phoning about work . 
 i 'm phoning because i want some answers . '' 
 she licked her lips staring at her reflection in the mirror over her fire place . 
 the black and red hair dye looked fine . 
 she would n't need to do a touch up for another few weeks . 
 `` and you think i 'm the one who can give you those answers ? '' 
 `` you 're the only one i know about possession and ravage . 
 i want to know what the media is talking about , '' she said , knowing he could blow her off . 
 he sighed . 
 `` why do you want to know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` if these interviews fall through - '' `` which they will , '' he said , interrupting her . 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 stop interrupting me . 
 it is not fair . '' 
 she ran her fingers through her hair , becoming agitated . 
 `` i want you to tell me your side of the story . '' 
 he was silent on the other end . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll pick you up for dinner . 
 i 'll choose the place . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll be ready . '' 
 `` prudence ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` wear something nice and keep your hair down . '' 
 he disconnected the call before she got chance to argue with him . 
 she walked up the stairs and ran herself a bath . 
 **** james hung up looking around his club . 
 he 'd typed her number into his phone so he knew it was her the moment she called him . 
 he made a few calls , organising a booth in the restaurant he preferred for comfort . 
 the owner of the place assured him his seat would be available . 
 leo walked over to him . 
 `` i 'll be out for the rest of the night . 
 please , make sure to keep a tight lock on things . '' 
 `` sure thing , boss . 
 have a nice night with the lady , '' leo said . 
 james nodded his head then left the club to go and dress . 
 he spent most of his time at the club now . 
 his own home was looked after by a variety of staff during his absence . 
 after the press had accosted him outside his home , he 'd not wanted to go back . 
 he changed his clothes before calling for a taxi . 
 outside the club he saw the queue of people trying to get inside . 
 leo was on the door once again , carding everyone . 
 leo had come to him for a job just after the press descended like a pack of walls . 
 hiring leo had been a good decision . 
 the taxi pulled up several minutes later , and he climbed inside and gave the driver prudence 's address . 
 she stood at her door . 
 he watched her lock her door then walk to the taxi . 
 she climbed in beside him . 
 the coat she wore obscured her body from his view . 
 together , they rode to the restaurant in silence . 
 james wanted to reach across and reassure her he was n't some kind of animal . 
 instead , he stared out his window trying to distract his mind and body from the tempting morsel at his side . 
 it was a hard temptation to resist . 
 he was determined to do so . 
 he helped her out of the car the moment they pulled up against the restaurant . 
 there were no press , which he liked . 
 this was where the wealthy could eat without the flashing cameras . 
 james took her hand , leading her inside the dark room . 
 the maitre d' showed them to their table . 
 he liked a secluded booth away from all the prying eyes . 
 being a wealthy man he hated being interrupted during his meal . 
 prudence sat down , and he helped her into her place at the table . 
 her coat , as well as his , was taken by the maitre d' . 
 the waiter presented their menus and left them in silence . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` and yourself . '' 
 he chuckled when she went bright red and gazed down at her menu . 
 `` this is very expensive , james . 
 i wanted to pay for my own meal , '' she said . 
 her honesty was refreshing . 
 the money meant little to him . 
 other women would have fawned over the prices while she looked nervous about the cost . 
 `` i 've forced you into this position , prudence . 
 i think it is only fair that i pay for your meal as well . '' 
 she nodded her head then went back to reading the menu in front of her . 
 `` thank you for agreeing to see me , james . '' 
 `` it was nice to be asked . '' 
 prudence glanced up at him . 
 `` i never thought about how awful it must be for you . 
 to have your whole life opened up for the world to see . '' 
 `` it has been difficult . 
 i was never ashamed of who i am . 
 unlike some people , '' he said . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he closed the menu knowing what he was going to order the moment he 'd entered the restaurant . 
 james wanted to put her at ease in a new place . 
 from the moment she 'd phoned him , he 'd wanted to take her to a place she 'd remember . 
 she looked absolutely stunning in the black knee length dress she wore . 
 her hair fell around her shoulders , and he saw the deep red peeking through the tips . 
 `` i was talking about your relationship with the professor . 
 michael should n't be taking advantage of his students . '' 
 `` i can assure you , he was n't . 
 i 'm not ashamed of my relationship with him , james . 
 michael and i had a thing , and over time it fizzled out . 
 there was nothing to it other than two people sharing some fun together . '' 
 the waiter came back . 
 james ordered beef wellington with potatoes and vegetables . 
 she ordered a chicken and spinach pasta with plenty of sauce . 
 `` michael should n't have done anything with you in the first place , '' james said . 
 he could n't get past her relationship with the other man . 
 the pain in his chest at the thought of michael touching her , hurt . 
 she reached over the table and took his hand . 
 `` i 've not seen him in over three years . 
 i do n't want to talk about our past lovers . '' 
 james knew she wanted to talk about ravage and possession . 
 `` what exactly do you know ? '' 
 he asked , taking a sip of his water . 
 `` nothing . 
 only the crap i 've heard in the news . '' 
 `` some of that crap is true but not all of it . '' 
 he replaced his glass on the table . 
 prudence made to pull away from him ; he kept a firm grip on her hand . 
 james wanted to touch her as he talked to her . 
 `` then tell me what is true . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 cadeon and stephen had each gone through this stage with their women . 
 what if she handled it badly ? 
 being owned by a man is not the most modern way of seducing a woman . 
 you 're seducing her now ? 
 `` the part about possession and ravage being exclusive clubs is true . 
 stephen knox is the owner of possession while i own ravage . '' 
 she did n't pull away from his hand . 
 he glanced around the restaurant seeing a few familiar faces among the people dining . 
 there were more possessive men out there than people realised . 
 `` i do n't know how to discuss it , prudence . 
 i 've learned to accept what is . '' 
 `` start with your own club . 
 i want to know more about you and how you 're linked . '' 
 the waiter came over with their meal . 
 james let her hand go so she would be able to eat unhindered by his touch . 
 when the waiter disappeared he began explaining himself . 
 `` ravage was already part of my family . 
 my father had built the club to be a gentlemen 's club very much like possession . 
 when i came to own the club i changed it so the main part of the club was open to everyone while the basement , or the dungeon , could be used for more exclusive purposes . 
 it made money and kept a tight lid on clients ' identity . 
 if they wished they could go through the club without questions . '' 
 he stopped to eat a piece of beef . 
 `` so is ravage your only business ? '' 
 `` no . 
 castleden has many stocks and shares with businesses worldwide . 
 i deal with them in my spare time . 
 my father placed a board who oversee that side of the investment . 
 i 'm called in when things get difficult . '' 
 he lived a good life . 
 his father had made sure he 'd want for nothing . 
 james preferred to be in his club . 
 ravage was his life . 
 it was who he was and defined the man he 'd turned into . 
 `` stephen also handles some of our joint ventures . '' 
 `` you and stephen are friends ? '' 
 `` we grew up together . 
 our family over generations had started the exclusive clubs . 
 my father went through it all when i was younger . '' 
 she was eating her pasta as the waiter came back with the wine bottle . 
 prudence covered her glass shaking her head . 
 james took some . 
 `` you own the bdsm club at the bottom ? 
 you 're a dom ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if they are questions or statements of facts , '' he said . 
 `` do you own the bdsm club under ravage ? '' 
 she asked , slowly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are you a dom ? '' 
 she asked , slowly once again . 
 `` do you know what a dom is ? '' 
 `` answer the question , james . '' 
 he glared at her . 
 james wanted to pull her over his knee and tan that ass with his palm . 
 the full round globes would be shining red with his hand print the moment he was through with her . 
 `` be careful , prudence . 
 i do n't like being spoken to like that . '' 
 she placed her fork down , linked her fingers , and stared at him . 
 he felt her assessment right down to his soul . 
 prudence saw past the layers he 'd built up to the man beneath . 
 he did n't know how he knew this , only the way she made him feel as she looked at him . 
 `` forgive my impatience . 
 are you a dom , sir ? '' 
 james was taken back . 
 michael must have shared more with her than he anticipated . 
 did she have any idea what the title meant to him ? 
 from the glazed look in her eye , james could only imagine that she did . 
 his c ** k thickened . 
 her gaze lowered to her plate , her head bowed in obedience . 
 to anyone who was looking at their table , she looked like she was saying a small prayer . 
 james knew the bowed head meant so much more . 
 `` you 're forgiven . 
 yes , i 'm a dom . '' 
 james reached over and tapped her hand . 
 she looked up at him then began eating when he nodded his head . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she smiled . 
 `` more than you realised , sir . '' 
 he watched as she forked a piece of pasta and popped it into her mouth . 
 she was n't running . 
 prudence stared at him as if she was waiting for something . 
 `` are n't you afraid ? '' 
 he asked , needing to know the answer . 
 `` i have nothing to be afraid of , james . 
 i was showing you that i understood your lifestyle and respected it . '' 
 `` you 're too young , '' he said . 
 proper words evaded him . 
 what could he say to her ? 
 `` i 'm twenty-three , james . 
 there is no age limit for this . 
 i 've not been in the lifestyle . 
 i 've experimented a little . '' 
 james was intrigued . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 `` tell me about your link to possession , and i 'll tell you about what i 've done . '' 
 he smiled . 
 prudence knew a lot more than he gave her credit for . 
 james wished he 'd been the one to teach her . 
 `` possession is designed for men who feel possessive towards their woman . '' 
 `` is n't every man supposed to feel that for their woman ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` this kind of possession was for men - '' `` with money , '' she said , interrupting him . 
 `` with money to be around like-minded people . 
 i 've seen it , prudence . 
 the way the men act around their woman . 
 stephen , for example , he did n't believe in it , but he became obsessed with his woman . 
 he needed to know where she was , and when another man was near her , he wanted to do harm . '' 
 `` that sounds very stalker-ish to me . '' 
 james laughed . 
 `` i agree . 
 it sounds it , but when you see it , you 'd never think of a stalker . 
 there is a consuming love sparking between them . 
 i 've seen cadeon and stephen with their women , and it is like little lightning bolts surging between them and their woman . 
 it is amazing to witness . '' 
 `` and possession provides these men with an outlet for all those feelings . 
 they can take their women and feel at ease because the men who go there know to leave the women alone ? '' 
 she asked . 
 james nodded . 
 `` the press made out we were forcing women to be taken in some kind of f ** king orgy fetish . 
 i 've seen the way these men are with their women , and possession is perfect for them . 
 i believe in it . '' 
 `` have you ever felt the consuming need for a woman , james ? '' 
 she asked . 
 chapter ten prue felt a new yearning inside of her . 
 she 'd watched and listened to the way james described it . 
 on the outside it sounded like an extreme stalker , but she craved to be completely taken by a man . 
 she wondered what it would be like to have a man so completely possessive of her that he phoned her just to hear her voice . 
 she waited for him to answer her last question . 
 her thoughts were drifting off to what he 'd told her . 
 the rumours where she 'd worked about cadeon had been similar , with the way he 'd been with violet up until she married him . 
 cadeon had been described as a demon possessed with keeping the other woman . 
 staring down at her food , she wondered if there would ever be a man out there like that for her . 
 `` no , i 've never felt a possessive need for another woman . '' 
 his words hung in the air between them . 
 she picked up a piece of pasta and ate it . 
 `` it must be nice for the women who get that , '' she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the women who know their man adores them that much . 
 it must be nice . '' 
 she felt a lump forming in the back of her throat . 
 `` could you excuse me ? 
 i need to use the bathroom . '' 
 prue left her seat and followed the directions the man gave her to the toilet . 
 the room was empty . 
 she walked up to the mirrors and moistened her hands with the water . 
 she shook off the excess then pressed her fingers to her neck . 
 she needed to calm down . 
 her pulse raced in her neck , and her body was in turmoil at what she 'd just learned . 
 how could she ever think of finding a man to love , knowing there was someone out there who 'd possess her ? 
 a pair of hands wrapped around her waist . 
 she gasped , opening her eyes and seeing james behind her . 
 `` you should n't be in here , '' she said . 
 `` i 've made sure the waiter wo n't let anyone inside . '' 
 his hand moved up against her neck . 
 she bit her lip from the image she saw . 
 his larger hand covered a great deal of her neck . 
 his fingers glided over her pulse . 
 `` tell me what is wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i just want you to be sure , prudence . 
 we name ourselves ` the owners ' . '' 
 he whispered the words against her ear . 
 the possessive way he held her neck was making her ni ** les tighten and her cunt clench for so much more . 
 `` we own our women . 
 they are ours to keep . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` i 'm telling you this because there are some women who could not handle being truly taken by a man . 
 there are times when our possession goes wrong . '' 
 `` not always ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've only heard of it once , but that once was enough . 
 the woman in question is permanently scarred by what happened . 
 be careful what you wish for . '' 
 his touch did not calm her . 
 `` i 'm going back to our table . 
 when you come back i want to discuss what you 've done . '' 
 he kissed her cheek and let her go . 
 his arms unwound from her . 
 she watched him take a step back until he was out of the door . 
 she 'd never been so turned in all of her life . 
 prue held onto the sink to try to gain support to her shaking limbs . 
 if this is what he could do from small touches , she wondered what he could do with more time in his arms . 
 she gave herself a quick glance in the mirror before making her way to the table . 
 her plate had been taken away while she 'd been gone . 
 `` the dessert menu will be with us shortly , '' james said . 
 nodding her head , she sipped her water wishing she 'd let the waiter fill her glass up . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 the waiter handed them the dessert menu . 
 she gave a quick look and settled on a chocolate cheesecake with whipped cream . 
 closing the menu , she waited for him to finish . 
 `` do you know what a safe word is ? '' 
 he asked , still looking at his menu . 
 `` mine is ` rose ' . '' 
 she answered the question without hesitation . 
 he glanced up . 
 `` it is my favourite flower . '' 
 `` what else have you done ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know everything . 
 i 've been tied up once , to a bed for a short time , and my ass has been spanked . '' 
 prue did n't know why she was telling him everything . 
 she wanted to show him she was n't some simpering girl . 
 she knew her own mind and what she liked in the bedroom . 
 `` have you ever needed to use your safe word ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` have you been in a bdsm club ? '' 
 `` only a few and i 've never joined in . 
 everything i 've experienced is at home in the privacy of my room . '' 
 `` would you like to see ? '' 
 prue smiled . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 the waiter took their orders for dessert . 
 they did n't speak . 
 james caught her hand in his , and his thumb stroked the pulse in her wrist . 
 when the dessert came , she took a forkful of her cheesecake without letting go of his hand . 
 she liked the comfort her gave her . 
 his fingers continued to stroke her and soothe her . 
 when the meal was finished , james grabbed his wallet and pulled out a card . 
 she felt the blush creep into her cheeks . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the waiter left . 
 `` i prefer to pay my own way . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to pay . 
 when you 're with me , you wo n't be paying for anything . 
 i will look after you . '' 
 she nodded her head and waited for the man to come back . 
 he came back and handed the card to james . 
 she made to get out of her seat . 
 james gave her a look that made her sit back down . 
 he helped her out of her seat then escorted her to get her coat . 
 the chill from the night air caught them both as they made their way outside . 
 the taxi they 'd arrived in was waiting by the curb . 
 james eased her inside then followed in behind her . 
 she did n't say anything as he took her hand once again . 
 the car pulled away from the curb and began the short journey to his club . 
 once they were there , leo opened the door for his boss . 
 james moved him out of the way to help her out of the taxi . 
 `` do n't you need to pay the driver ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they have an account with my name on it . 
 i do n't like driving around the city anymore . 
 i prefer to be taken . '' 
 leo remained at the door as james escorted her through the club . 
 she felt gazes following them around the room . 
 james kept a firm grip on her , taking her back to the room she 'd found earlier that day . 
 the guards were on the doors , and james took the elevator instead of walking down the stairs . 
 when the doors closed , james turned to her . 
 `` when you go inside , you 're going as my guest . 
 i will make them aware that you 're a new member and are learning the ropes . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he cupped her cheek . 
 `` prudence , for this short time i need you to be my sub . '' 
 she licked her lips wondering what it would be like to be entering his part of the club as his sub . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 `` doms will not approach you if you 're with me . 
 you 'll be able to look around freely . '' 
 prudence nodded her head . 
 `` do n't i need to wear something ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she watched him remove a silver chain with a cross on . 
 `` you can wear this . '' 
 she 'd never seen the necklace before . 
 `` i wear it whenever i go out . 
 it was my father 's , and when i have a son , i 'll pass it on to him . '' 
 prudence nodded , moving her hair off the back of her neck so he could place the necklace around her neck . 
 `` let me take your coat . '' 
 she turned to him , letting him take off what he wanted . 
 he moved the arms of her dress up to cover more of her chest . 
 `` i do n't want other men looking at what is mine . '' 
 what words followed that comment ? 
 `` i 'm going to press the button to open the doors . 
 i need you to keep this place absolutely private . 
 the people and where it is . '' 
 `` i 'd never tell anyone , james . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 his palm slammed against a button . 
 `` show time . '' 
 james pulled her close to his side . 
 she kept her gaze lowered , pressing her body against his . 
 her mind was a whirl of activity . 
 everything he 'd told her was playing over her mind . 
 to be owned by a man and in james 's case , to be owned and dominated . 
 she shivered , feeling the pulse of the thought take effect throughout her body . 
 she knew she was a submissive . 
 the thought of dominating a man or women held no appeal . 
 being dominated by a man she trusted and loved was different . 
 james , with his words , had filled her with a deep yearning she could n't stop from building . 
 he was a dream come true . 
 they made their way over to his table . 
 he sat down and then patted the seat next to him . 
 `` you may look around , '' he said . 
 she lifted her head seeing that the soft lighting of the room only highlighted what needed to be . 
 `` what happens here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` everything and nothing . 
 this is where we hold a munch , a place for a submissive and dominant to meet without expectation . '' 
 she 'd never been to one . 
 her experiences were purely down to the experience at home . 
 `` i 've also given classes here . 
 doms will bring their subs and give classes in certain styles of kink . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` rope play , roleplaying , spanking , and then the extreme classes . '' 
 `` extreme classes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , and i 'm not telling you about them . '' 
 he tapped her knee looking out at the crowd . 
 `` what is happening tonight ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 this is merely a social gathering where they can be themselves . '' 
 prue looked around the room seeing several couples dotted around the room . 
 she saw a female sub sitting at her master 's feet with her head bowed and her hair being stroked . 
 another master had the sub curled up against his side . 
 she fondled his c ** k as he talked to another . 
 `` this place is free , prudence . 
 there is no judgement here . '' 
 she liked it and pressed her body against his . 
 `` veronica did n't like it here , did she ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he froze by her side . 
 `` no . 
 she did not . '' 
 `` i like it here . '' 
 she snuggled against his side , watching and enjoying the feel of james by her side . 
 **** james stared out at the room feeling prudence go lax by his side . 
 she 'd surprised him from the phone call down to her last words . 
 he 'd never expected her to like his place . 
 this was his world . 
 he felt happy and content when he was here . 
 the club at the top was a great earner , but this was his life . 
 a couple of fellow doms raised their glasses to him . 
 he frowned refusing to acknowledge his new sub . 
 once tonight was over , prudence was not being allowed back down here . 
 he did n't want to watch other men vying for her attention . 
 she would be working in ravage at the bar . 
 her body grew heavier by his side . 
 he glanced down to see she 'd fallen asleep in his arms . 
 her face relaxed in sleep . 
 she looked younger , and he felt like a bastard for doing this to her . 
 he 'd wanted to startle her and make her run in the opposite direction . 
 shaking his head , he stared out at everyone . 
 this was who he was . 
 he 'd never be able to change who he was . 
 he laid her down on the booth 's plush cushion and found her house keys out of her pocket . 
 when he had her keys , he picked her up and made his way out of the club . 
 a couple of doms assisted him . 
 the taxi was called back . 
 the driver showed no signs of being irritated by the constant calls . 
 james made a note to pay a personal bonus to the driver . 
 he wondered how the guy would feel being his personal driver . 
 he 'd think of that at another time . 
 he wanted to get prudence settled . 
 she opened her eyes and snuggled in closer before falling back to sleep . 
 james held her close during the drive through the city to her place . 
 the night was thick with mist , and he knew it would be frozen solid the next day . 
 her fingers curled into the flesh of his leg . 
 he took the time to look at her in sleep . 
 she really did look too young to be with him . 
 james knew he was old . 
 he should be shot for the way he felt about her . 
 there was no way in hell she 'd ever be his submissive . 
 you want her to be . 
 you want her to look at you with so much love and trust that no man stands a chance . 
 can you live with yourself if she ends up with the michaels of this world ? 
 he knew she was a passionate woman . 
 james did n't know how passionate she was . 
 he could n't watch another woman look at him with the same revulsion that veronica had . 
 not with prudence . 
 the car pulled up outside her house . 
 using some careful manoeuvring , james got her out of the car without waking her . 
 someone must be looking down at them from the above . 
 the driver got out and took the key to open the door . 
 james thanked him and asked him to wait . 
 he carried her up the stairs . 
 the sound of the door closing did n't worry him . 
 he found her bedroom . 
 the double bed looked inviting . 
 he liked his poster bed . 
 in his room he kept silk ties to bind a woman to his bed . 
 `` stop thinking about it , '' he said to himself . 
 he laid her on the bed , removed her shoes , and then slowly eased her dress off . 
 she wore a lacy black bra . 
 the sight of her full body in the black underwear made his c ** k thicken inside his pants . 
 james eased her under the sheets , and he saw the interlocking black rose tattoo along the base of her back . 
 he 'd seen it in the club , but in the light he 'd not been able to make out the picture . 
 this design showed a tattoo with interlocking stems and thorns . 
 the dark design stood out against her pale skin . 
 he made sure she was warm enough before leaving her bedroom . 
 once he was downstairs , he moved to the kitchen to set the timer for the heating and hot water to come on . 
 at the table , he found the paper with her job interviews . 
 he took the paper and left her a note . 
 she was n't working for anyone else but him . 
 chapter eleven one week later the bar was in full flow . 
 the noise of the patrons was deafening to her ears . 
 jermaine was doing everything he could to bring her up to speed with working in the bar . 
 nothing she did was ever right . 
 since the moment she 'd lost her job , james had been everywhere she went . 
 the night they 'd gone out on a date , he 'd carried her home and stolen the paper with all of the interview details . 
 he 'd left her a note telling her the only job she needed was at ravage . 
 prue spilled the beer out of the cup and cursed . 
 jermaine came to finish the order as she tried to mix a couple of cocktails for another couple of women . 
 she took the money and gave them the wrong change . 
 jermaine had to type in the password to open the register . 
 `` we 're always busy , prue . 
 you 'll get the hang of it , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm causing you more work . 
 you should get james to fire me . '' 
 `` i 'm not doing that . 
 take a couple of the trays and grab the empty glasses from the tables . '' 
 jermaine was doing it again . 
 whenever she f ** ked up on a busy night he moved her away from the bar . 
 prue did n't argue . 
 she caused less mess the farther away from the bar she got . 
 she 'd never get the hang of being a barmaid . 
 prudence walked around the tables , taking glasses that were empty and food wrappers . 
 she hated this job . 
 james had n't lied about meeting her salary . 
 he paid her double what she 'd gotten for working in cadeon ashwood 's place . 
 the money did n't stop her from hating the job . 
 james had n't seen her since their date . 
 they 'd spoken on the phone , and she 'd seen him in passing . 
 he did n't say anything about their time together . 
 it was like their date never happened . 
 she did n't know what felt worse , the fact he ignored her , or that he treated her like she no longer existed . 
 prue thought they 'd connected that night . 
 she 'd felt his dominance , and her body responded to him . 
 `` stupid , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 she picked up the trays and made to move around . 
 someone passed her , bumping her with his hip , which sent her tray of glasses crashing to the floor . 
 all eyes turned to her . 
 the sound was deafening in the room . 
 her cheeks bloomed with her blush . 
 she lifted her gaze to see james staring at her . 
 instead of cleaning up her mess she pushed past him , not wanting to see him . 
 a loud cheering followed in her wake . 
 she ignored the comments as tears filled her eyes . 
 never in all of her life had she looked so incompetent . 
 she opened the door and closed it . 
 some alone time was what she needed more than anything else . 
 the tears fell onto her cheeks . 
 she rubbed them away in frustration . 
 the door opened . 
 prue turned her back to whoever followed her . 
 `` look at me , prudence , '' he said . 
 she shook her head . 
 prue stood in a darkened room . 
 there appeared to be no light on . 
 great , i ca n't even find a room with light . 
 `` i need some time alone . 
 please leave me alone , james . '' 
 `` you 're in a broom closet . '' 
 `` i do n't care where i am . 
 i need some time alone . '' 
 she folded her arms under her br ** sts then turned to face him . 
 `` is this what you wanted to see ? 
 did you want to see me miserable because i ca n't do this job ? 
 i never wanted to work here . 
 i was happy where i was . '' 
 his hand went over her mouth and stopped the flow of words from spilling out . 
 the light came on . 
 she blinked seeing his hand around the piece of rope that switched the light on . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 he asked . 
 james eased his hand away from her mouth . 
 she licked her suddenly dry lips . 
 a groan escaped from his . 
 the sound was so subtle that she thought she had n't heard him . 
 `` i ca n't do anything right , '' she said when no other sound came from james . 
 `` you can do everything you set your mind to . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 prue removed the band from her hair and moved away . 
 the closet smelled of disinfectant and cleaning products . 
 `` you 're not listening . 
 why are you doing this to me , james ? 
 why ? '' 
 she asked , hands on her h * ps when she turned back to him . 
 he stared down the line of her body . 
 his gaze felt like a caress down her skin . 
 like so many times before , her ni ** les tightened , and her pu ** y clenched with fresh arousal . 
 seeing james and not doing anything left her in a constant state of arousal . 
 not a day went by when she was n't thinking about him in some way . 
 working for him made her thoughts run riot with images of him . 
 there was no gap between her fantasies and needs . 
 james was there all the time . 
 `` i like having you here , prudence . '' 
 `` why do you use my full name ? 
 why ? 
 why ? 
 why ? '' 
 she asked , feeling frustrated with his lack of answers . 
 she walked toward him , standing in front of him with her arms folded . 
 `` i just want you . '' 
 her heart skipped a beat inside her chest . 
 she nibbled on her lip , staring past his shoulder . 
 nothing she did could make him tell her anything . 
 what did you expect ? 
 a confession of undying love ? 
 `` do n't do that ! '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` that . '' 
 his hand came up , pulling her bottom lip from between her teeth . 
 she held her breath as he rubbed his fingers along her lips . 
 `` i need just one more taste , '' he said . 
 in one instant she was standing with her arms folded , and in the next , her fingers were sunk inside his length of hair as his lips claimed hers . 
 this kiss was not gentle . 
 the man in front of her was hard and ruthless . 
 he was taking what he wanted without permission . 
 he owned her mouth as easily as he owned her heart . 
 prue gave him everything , pressing her body against his . 
 he pulled back , his fingers sinking into the length of her hair , and she felt him tighten his hands into fists . 
 the hair pulled as he tightened his hold . 
 her arousal was intense and strong . 
 `` your eyes are dilated , prudence . 
 i bet if i was to touch your sweet pu ** y you 'd be soaking wet for me , '' he said . 
 she moaned . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging him . 
 he pulled her close , pressing a leg between hers . 
 she wore jeans , but his leg against her mound made her wish she 'd worn a skirt . 
 if she 'd worn a skirt this could have turned into so much more . 
 james took her lips once more , rubbing his thigh between her own . 
 she kissed him back and rode his thigh . 
 her pu ** y was weeping her cum into her panties . 
 she did n't want him to stop . 
 prue dropped one of her hands to his shirt , opening the top buttons to expose his chest . 
 suddenly , he pulled away . 
 her own shirt had exposed the necklace she still kept around her neck . 
 he spoke no words as he picked up the silver cross . 
 `` you 're wearing it . '' 
 she licked her lips and tasted him on her tongue . 
 `` you never gave me permission to remove it . '' 
 james laid the cross outside of the shirt . 
 `` never hide it when you 're in my club . '' 
 `` james ? '' 
 he was gone . 
 prue stamped her foot . 
 his disappearing act irritated her more than the job . 
 he never gave her chance to talk about her position . 
 she ran her fingers through her hair , then tied the length up with the band . 
 she wondered what james had been thinking when he hired her . 
 he was acting like he did n't want her around . 
 prue left the safety of the closet . 
 the broken glass had already been cleaned up . 
 the bar remained busy , and jermaine continued to train her . 
 all the time she felt eyes on her . 
 **** james watched her work on his computer screen . 
 she spent a great deal of time cursing . 
 he wondered if she cursed the job , or him . 
 most of his nights were spent watching her at the bar . 
 her training continued to be a slow process . 
 the first night she 'd been working jermaine lost his temper . 
 james had told the other man to either be patient or find another job . 
 now , jermaine showed her nothing but kindness and patience . 
 the kiss he 'd shared with her had been a mistake . 
 he 'd not been able to help himself . 
 seeing that plump bottom lip between her teeth tantalised him . 
 he 'd needed another taste of her warm lips and soft body . 
 the cross she wore captured his attention . 
 she wore his token of dominance . 
 several members would see the token and leave her alone . 
 they would know she belonged to him and no one else . 
 he shook his head . 
 for the past week he 'd been making trips over to possession . 
 there was no fresh news from the paperwork . 
 he 'd looked through the files and seen nothing . 
 dane remained in their care with no more disappearing acts . 
 he wondered what was going on over there . 
 it was night time , and stephen rarely had any clients at night anymore . 
 james opened the drawer of his desk to find the folder with the paperwork he 'd requested . 
 all he needed to do was put his signature to the page , and prudence would never struggle again in her life . 
 he signed the document without blinking at the sum . 
 he 'd do anything to keep her safe . 
 james knew where his thoughts were leading . 
 this was how it had started for the others . 
 his possessive feeling , the need to claim her as his own , only increased the more she was with him . 
 he struggled to stay in his office when he saw other men flirting with her . 
 she was not his . 
 you want her to be . 
 you can have her . 
 claim her . 
 own her . 
 he opened his desk draw , placing the file into the drawer . 
 the white envelope remained unopened in his desk . 
 he stared at the thing that was responsible for bringing prue back into his life . 
 james had n't opened the letter . 
 running his fingers along the envelope , he decided not to open the letter yet . 
 veronica had been wrong about him . 
 he was n't a monster , and he refused to be treated like one . 
 he stared at his computer and saw prudence serving once again . 
 for the past week he 'd let the taxi driver take her home . 
 tonight , he 'd accompany her home . 
 he liked to know she got home safe . 
 **** dane waited for rebecca to lock her door . 
 isabella sat on the bed . 
 the more he saw both women the harder it was for him to keep quiet . 
 there were men in their lives who 'd be able to keep them safe . 
 he knew he could trust them with what he knew . 
 both women demanded he kept silent . 
 their silence was going to get them all killed . 
 he stared out of the window , which overlooked the forests surrounding the property . 
 his prison cell had contained bars when he was in england . 
 this was an open prison . 
 freedom was never going to come cheaply . 
 his freedom always came with a price . 
 `` what have you learned ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` i can get her , but the price has gone up to over a million , '' he said , without turning around . 
 dane had received the email earlier in the day . 
 `` i ca n't come up with that kind of cash in the next couple of weeks . '' 
 `` we do n't even know if he 's got her , dane . 
 she could be lost , '' isabella said . 
 `` no . 
 she had a value . 
 her virginity will keep her safe . '' 
 dane slashed his hand across his body . 
 he needed to believe she was safe . 
 dane would n't be able to live if he thought she was being hurt . 
 `` this needs to stop , '' rebecca said . 
 `` how do we stop it ? '' 
 isabella asked . 
 `` mary - '' `` do n't say her name ! '' 
 dane yelled at rebecca . 
 both women stared at him . 
 he was losing his mind . 
 `` there is no way out of this . 
 once you 're part of him , you remain part of it . '' 
 `` what has happened with the files ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` they have n't worked out the connection yet . 
 it is only a matter of time before they do , '' dane said . 
 `` i know this all started with violet . 
 the moment she came into the mix , everything blew up . '' 
 `` she is not to blame , rebecca . '' 
 rebecca nodded her head . 
 `` i know . 
 she 's a sweet girl . 
 this has to do with possession , ravage , green , and black . '' 
 `` they have no idea that they were taking girls from both clubs . 
 i do n't think their fathers knew about it , but from what i 've seen , possession and ravage were used as a way to smuggle women in and out of the states , '' dane said . 
 isabella gasped . 
 `` that ca n't be possible . '' 
 `` i think this is the lure . 
 good looking girls who are charmed by the idea of this place and are drugged and taken . 
 it is a stretch , but i think that is the link . '' 
 `` stephen and james are not like that . '' 
 `` but what about their parents ? '' 
 dane asked . 
 isabella remained quiet . 
 `` they 're dead , '' rebecca said . 
 `` yeah , how did they die ? '' 
 dane asked . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` where i come from people die all the time , and it does not take much to make it look like an accident , '' dane said . 
 `` do you really think stephen 's and james 's parents were in on trafficking women ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 the thought sounded ridiculous even to him . 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 what i can tell you , from the paperwork they 're going through , is that any lawyer will be able to link dominic green with stephen and james along with all the men downstairs . 
 i 'm talking tate , kevin , sean , and lucas . 
 all of them could go down . '' 
 `` they were not part of this , '' isabella said , getting to her feet . 
 `` no ? '' 
 dane asked , walking toward isabella . 
 `` then tell me , isabella . 
 why did you throw yourself at eugene black ? 
 what happened when sean rejected you ? 
 lucas being the devoted brother that he is , why did n't he find you ? '' 
 dane knew he hurt her with his words . 
 he needed them to see how easily everything could implicate the people they loved the most . 
 `` you 're twisting everything , '' isabella said . 
 tears were spilling down her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm telling you how others are going to see this thing . 
 no one is safe , not even them . 
 they can be the ones accused of everything , do n't you see ? '' 
 `` what should we do ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` you need to come clean to all of them . 
 we need to get them involved before it is too late . '' 
 `` i 'm not ready , '' isabella said . 
 `` then you better get ready . 
 the longer we leave it , the worse it will be . '' 
 chapter twelve two weeks later prue leaned against the alcove watching the couples sway together . 
 her break would be over soon . 
 she sipped her drink wishing she was the one in the arms of a loved one . 
 working at ravage was not the best job , but true to james 's word , the money was good . 
 the last two weeks had been a dream . 
 ravage opened every night , and she worked every night . 
 james liked to keep her close . 
 she 'd noticed the way he moved around the club whenever she was working . 
 every night when the main part of the club closed , he 'd take her home . 
 the driver left them to their privacy . 
 she loved it when he took her home . 
 they 'd hold hands , and james would pull her in close . 
 she forgot about everything in his arms . 
 her sister was forgotten , along with all of her worries . 
 james was part of her world . 
 he made sure the cross he 'd given her was always exposed for others to see . 
 she knew why he 'd done it . 
 he was warning other doms away from her . 
 she 'd found some information online . 
 in his own way he was stating his ownership of her . 
 prue liked it . 
 she fingered the necklace , longing for more than his chain of possession to be around her . 
 `` you 're on your own again , '' he said against her ear . 
 she closed her eyes feeling the shiver run down her spine . 
 his body pressed against her back . 
 she felt the hard ridge of his c ** k pulse against her ass . 
 neither of them was crossing that invisible line . 
 every night she lay in bed thinking of how it could be with him . 
 what she 'd do if his hands moved down her body to cup her br ** sts . 
 her own hands no longer satisfied her cravings . 
 she needed more , and she felt like a total bitch for her own needs . 
 their kisses had started something that neither knew how to stop . 
 at least she did n't know how to stop . 
 the more time she spent with him the harder it was getting to walk away . 
 the chemistry between them sparkled brighter than ever before . 
 `` i 'm on my break , '' she said , leaning back to feel his warmth . 
 one of his arms banded her waist . 
 his fingers teased the flesh where her shirt ended and her jeans began . 
 she 'd walked into work the following day after their time in the closet in a skirt that fell to her knee . 
 james made sure she spent the entirety of her shift away from prying fingers and lingering eyes . 
 did he even realise how possessive he was becoming with regards to her ? 
 `` i do n't like you on your own . 
 anyone could be here . '' 
 his fingers moved up under her shirt . 
 she closed her eyes , biting down on her lip . 
 her thoughts turned to mush as her body melted under the onslaught of his touch . 
 his other hand grazed down her side . 
 the tips of his fingers grazed her br ** sts . 
 she gasped then turned to face him . 
 his hand glided round to her back as his other took the drink from her fingers . 
 the beat of the music reached them in their private alcove . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` dancing . 
 a pretty lady like yourself should n't be alone . '' 
 prue stared at him , amazed , then relaxed her body against his . 
 the trust inside her when it came to him startled her . 
 she knew he 'd never hurt her . 
 biting her lip , she closed her eyes enjoying his scent surround her . 
 she was becoming addicted to his masculine scent mixed with the hint of leather . 
 `` i want to go back to the dungeon , '' she said . 
 he tensed . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're asking . '' 
 she eased back staring up into his eyes . 
 `` i wear your token , james . 
 that must mean something . '' 
 james withdrew . 
 she saw and felt it . 
 `` it means i 'm still taking care of veronica 's younger sister . '' 
 ouch . 
 that one hurt . 
 prue pulled away then removed his silver cross necklace . 
 she slammed the piece of jewellery against his chest . 
 `` i 'm not a child . 
 i do n't need someone looking out for me . '' 
 without waiting for him to speak , prue walked away . 
 she moved toward the bar and helped jermaine serve . 
 james came to the bar to try to talk to her . 
 she refused to speak to him . 
 he was a f ** king coward , and she could n't believe she 'd ever hoped for something more . 
 james tried to gain her attention . 
 she ignored him , refusing to give him the satisfaction . 
 she handed a couple their drinks when james caught her wrist in his hands . 
 `` do n't ignore me , '' he said . 
 `` fuck you , sir . '' 
 she pulled her hand away glaring at him . 
 she was done with waiting . 
 if he wanted nothing to do with her then she was n't going to waste her time . 
 james was the one . 
 she knew that , but he did n't . 
 `` i quit , '' she said when she saw anya and becky on the dance floor . 
 `` you ca n't quit , '' jermaine said . 
 `` yes , i can . '' 
 she left the bar going out to the crowd . 
 his eyes were on her . 
 she felt it , and her heart hammered inside her chest . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 anya asked . 
 `` showing a guy i can live without him and look after myself . '' 
 she threw her hands above her head and swung her h * ps to the beat pulsing on the dance floor . 
 veronica , james , and even leo could f ** k off . 
 she was twenty-three years old and could look after herself . 
 until james entered her life for the second time she 'd been renting a decent house with the hopes of buying it . 
 `` he 's watching you . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he should be watching . 
 i 'm not going to take anymore of his crap , and he 'll learn not to take advantage . 
 she knew he did n't need to take advantage . 
 her response was not forced . 
 he meant everything to her . 
 prue wanted him to possess her . 
 she wanted him to be like the men he 'd described . 
 prue craved his complete ownership . 
 her fantasies were filled with his possession . 
 she yearned , craved , and desired to be his . 
 biting her lip she kept her back to him hoping he 'd get the message . 
 **** james stared at the beautiful curves of her ass . 
 why had he ruined their moment ? 
 veronica and her age had been the last on his mind . 
 he knew what he was doing with her was wrong . 
 when she 'd asked to go back to the dungeon his whole body had gone into hyper-drive . 
 he wanted to take her down there and teach her what it meant to be owned by him . 
 she was n't wearing his token anymore . 
 any man could claim her as his . 
 he did n't like it . 
 men surrounded her group like moths to a flame . 
 her entire aura made men move toward her . 
 unlike her two friends , she held an allure and sexuality that attracted men to her . 
 he 'd seen the beauty inside her when she was only eighteen , the sweetness she gave everyone she came into contact with . 
 you want her . 
 take her before someone else takes what is yours . 
 one of the men from the group reached out to touch her hips . 
 prue smiled and pushed him away . 
 the action was subtle , but he saw it . 
 prue was on the dance floor to show him she could look after herself . 
 he got the message . 
 she did n't want the men 's attention . 
 her gaze caught him as one man replaced another . 
 she needs you . 
 james made his way onto the dance floor . 
 he pushed the man out of his way and caught her h * ps in his hands . 
 she placed her hands on top of his , ready to push him off , he was sure . 
 `` before you push me away let me apologise , '' he said . 
 james whispered against her ear . 
 he only wanted her to hear what he had to say . 
 her two friends smiled at her and walked away . 
 `` you 've sent them away . '' 
 `` they know i would n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 `` you do n't want me , james . 
 i 'm tired of showing all the signs . '' 
 he 'd seen the signs , and being the bastard that he was , he 'd given her nothing and taken everything she offered instead . 
 james held her waist , stroking the delicate flesh hidden beneath the blouse she wore . 
 her skin was soft . 
 he wanted to peel every layer of clothing away from her body and caress every inch of her . 
 the temptation she provided was more than he could stand . 
 `` i 've seen the signs , prudence . 
 and i want you . '' 
 `` then why wo n't you take me ? '' 
 she said . 
 he did n't answer . 
 she looked at him . 
 he saw the yearning in her gaze . 
 his age and something else held him back . 
 james let her go . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , before leaving her on the dance floor . 
 without looking back he made his way to his office . 
 he needed to get away from her before he did something he 'd regret . 
 he pushed past people in his way not interested in the filthy looks they sent him . 
 jermaine tried to stop him , and he ignored him . 
 the moment he was in his office , he rubbed his eyes . 
 `` fucking stupid . '' 
 he kicked the chair closest to him . 
 `` why are you fighting it ? '' 
 prudence had followed him . 
 his office door clicked open then closed behind her . 
 james kept his back to her . 
 the moment he looked at her , he knew he 'd be lost . 
 `` i want to , more than anything . '' 
 he admitted the truth . 
 his heart pounded inside his chest . 
 he felt like he was having a fight between his head and his heart . 
 his heart wanted her and was tired of fighting it , and his head kept telling him to walk away . 
 she 's the one . 
 you want her like a man possessed . 
 `` then stop fighting . '' 
 she walked in front of him . 
 her blue eyes caught him in her gaze . 
 her dark pupils were dilated . 
 he saw her need . 
 james stared down her body at her hard ni ** les . 
 would her pu ** y be as hot as he imagined ? 
 she grabbed his hand pressing his palm down over her heart . 
 her heart raced against his touch . 
 `` i 've always wanted you , james . '' 
 he 'd known . 
 god help him , he 'd known she was eighteen , and he was sure her feelings had never disappeared . 
 how could he fight this ? 
 there was no one else in the world for him . 
 james did n't want to let her go . 
 she moved his hand down to her left breast . 
 her full mound filled his palms . 
 she was just the right size for him . 
 prudence took his other hand and placed his palm between her legs . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , sir . 
 i want you and will do anything to be owned by you , '' she said . 
 her words were not lost on him . 
 he removed his palm from between her thighs to sink his fingers into her hair . 
 james brought her close to him as he thumbed her nipple feeling her tighten against him . 
 `` do you have any idea what those words mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i was listening to you , james . 
 i want that , too , and i think you do as well . '' 
 james did n't argue with her . 
 it was true . 
 the possessiveness that swamped him , the aggression he 'd displayed-he 'd seen it all in his two friends . 
 `` you 're so young , '' he said . 
 `` who cares ? 
 i do n't . 
 age means nothing to me . '' 
 james could n't fight it anymore . 
 the longer they were together , the harder it was to deny himself . 
 he hated other men talking to her , and he 'd been the one to put her in this position in the first place . 
 through his own actions , he 'd taken her own job away , giving her no choice but to accept what he gave her . 
 `` i want you , james , '' she whispered . 
 her blue eyes darkened with her arousal . 
 the kisses they 'd shared over the past few weeks had done nothing except ignite a flame inside them . 
 he sensed it strongly within her as he did himself . 
 james knew he was a fool to have allowed one kiss let alone all the others . 
 no other woman could tame the monster inside him apart from the woman standing before him . 
 james slammed his lips against hers . 
 there was nothing nice or subtle about taking her . 
 he needed to rid every memory of the men she 'd dated before him . 
 prudence was all his , and he was going to show her what it really meant to be owned by a dominant man . 
 `` there is no backing out , prudence . 
 i take you now , and you 're mine . 
 no one gets to touch what is mine . '' 
 she cupped his cheek . 
 her fingers stroked his skin . 
 `` i 've always been yours , james . '' 
 her words unleashed the monster within him . 
 he pushed her back until she was pressed against the wall . 
 in the next moment her blouse was torn from her body . 
 the buttons sprayed around the room . 
 he worked her bra off until her tits spilled out . 
 a groan escaped him . 
 she was ripe and ready to be f ** ked . 
 her pale mounds were tipped with cherry red ni ** les . 
 they were tight and pointing up at him . 
 he dropped his head to one nipple , taking it into his mouth . 
 prudence cried out . 
 he covered her mouth with his palm , pulling away from her . 
 `` be quiet . 
 we do n't want anyone running in here wondering what i 'm doing to you . '' 
 her gaze flashed to the door then down at him . 
 james went to remove his hand . 
 she placed her hand over his not allowing him to let go . 
 james smiled . 
 `` do n't make a sound . '' 
 he went back to tonguing her nipple . 
 james knew that no one would dare enter his office without his permission . 
 they were both safe inside his four walls . 
 he saw the arousal intensify in her gaze . 
 she was turned on by the possibility of being caught . 
 he ran his tongue over her skin and glided the tip of his tongue around her other nipple . 
 with his free hand , he fingered the wet bud he 'd left . 
 his c ** k pulsed in his pants . 
 the pr ** cum leaked out of the tip and into his pants . 
 he knew the first time with prudence would n't be enough . 
 leaving her nipple , he moved down to unbutton her jeans and lower the zipper . 
 he slid the metal zipper down before placing his hand over her mound . 
 her panties did n't hide her arousal . 
 she was soaking wet . 
 her feminine scent teased the air . 
 she smelt amazing . 
 james let go of the nipple and dropped down before her . 
 prudence looked down at him as he eased the denim down her legs . 
 her mouth was uncovered , and he heard her moaning . 
 the sound filled the air around him like the scent of her pu ** y did . 
 `` you 're soaking wet for me , baby ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` yes , what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she licked her lips , gazing down at him . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 chapter thirteen her body was on fire . 
 prue did n't know what to do . 
 she held onto the wall , stepping out of the jeans . 
 he pushed them aside . 
 in the next moment she heard the rip , and her panties were thrown in the same direction of her jeans . 
 he opened her legs wide . 
 she saw him watching her . 
 his gaze directed at her pu ** y . 
 she bit her lip trying to stem the groan building inside her . 
 james was a dominant man , through and through . 
 he would n't want her screaming out instructions at him . 
 he eased her pu ** y lips open . 
 `` your cl * t is lovely and swollen , '' he said . 
 staring down , she saw his thumb sliding through her slit . 
 the first touch on her cl * t made her jump . 
 `` relax , baby . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 prue closed her eyes trying to gain control . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 she opened her eyes , staring down at him . 
 his thumb touched her nub . 
 james was gentle , and with each stroke she got used to the feel of him against her . 
 his thumb eased down her slit and pushed into her cunt . 
 prue opened her legs wider . 
 `` more , '' she said . 
 james removed his thumb . 
 `` do n't tell me what to do , prudence . 
 this is not a scene , but you will do as you 're told . '' 
 `` do you want me to call you ` sir ' ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 nodding her head , she bowed her head . 
 `` forgive me , sir . '' 
 he got off the floor and stood in front of her . 
 `` undress me , '' he said . 
 prue did n't have to be asked twice . 
 she pulled the shirt off his body , watching his muscles flex as she did . 
 he looked so damn hot . 
 `` i love your hair like this . 
 i do n't want you to change it , '' he said , stroking her hair as she went to her knees in front of him . 
 she unbuckled his belt wondering how the leather would feel against the cheeks of her ass . 
 if he did it right she would feel pain along with a whole heap of pleasure as well . 
 she untied the leather pants and pulled them down his legs . 
 james wore black briefs . 
 the ridge that lay off to the side made her stumble . 
 he was large , thick , and she saw the wet patch of pr ** cum . 
 prue liked what she saw . 
 james stepped out of the leather pants . 
 he caught her hand where she was about to peel his briefs off . 
 `` i 'll do that . '' 
 he pulled her to her feet leading her over to his desk . 
 james lifted her on top of the desk . 
 the paperwork on top was pushed aside . 
 she held onto the edge as he sat down in his chair . 
 `` lie back . '' 
 prue lay back on the desk waiting for his next instruction . 
 she felt him move her legs into a position on his knees . 
 his hands moved up and down her thighs before going to her pu ** y . 
 he eased her slit open , and his fingers began stroking her clit . 
 she felt his digits sliding through her wetness , coating his fingers and her pu ** y . 
 she held onto the edge of the desk . 
 her whole body was wound tight from his touch . 
 prue heard the sound of his chair moving and then his tongue licked her clit . 
 she cried out before remembering his warning . 
 biting down on her lips she tried to contain her own cries of arousal . 
 his fingers teased her cunt as his tongue wrought havoc on her swollen clit . 
 her ni ** les were hard points . 
 the wet tips were getting harder in the cool air around his office . 
 she was so close to her orgasm . 
 the past few weeks had been a nightmare . 
 her fingers and dildo were no longer satisfying . 
 she rarely reached cl ** ax at all . 
 the only time she did , she was always thinking of him . 
 prue felt the whole world fade away . 
 they were the only two people in the world . 
 the sound of his tongue turned her on more . 
 she was wet , and he was drinking from her as if she was a goddess . 
 three fingers pressed inside her all at once . 
 his teeth bit down on the flesh of her clit . 
 she cried out . 
 all thought of being quiet left her mind as the sensation he was creating was sky-rocketing to the moon inside her . 
 she sat up on the desk watching his dark hair with grey streaks as he licked her clit . 
 prue saw his hand f ** king her and his tongue licking her clit . 
 the sight and the feelings he created sent her over the edge . 
 the little amount of control she possessed evaporated as on a tidal wave , her cl ** ax spread from inside her , outwards . 
 prue rode her orgasm as james continued to suck her cl * t into his mouth . 
 she shuddered , screamed , and thrust up to his fingers , prolonging the exquisite torture . 
 she collapsed onto the desk , feeling like her whole world had awakened . 
 prue felt him withdraw . 
 his fingers pulled out of her cunt . 
 she saw him licking the digits , staring at her . 
 `` you 're not regretting this , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i would n't regret hearing the sound you made . '' 
 `` good , because this is real to me , sir . '' 
 he stood up . 
 his briefs were gone from his body . 
 she stared down at his long , hard shaft . 
 the tip was wet with his cum . 
 the vein along the side was blue and throbbing . 
 `` i 'm not regretting anything . 
 the moment i take you , prudence star , you 'll be mine . 
 there will be no backing out . 
 i will own every part of you . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 his words filled her with hope . 
 what about veronica ? 
 prue cut off all thought of her sister . 
 james and veronica were not together . 
 neither of them were doing anything wrong . 
 `` i want to be yours , sir . '' 
 he pulled the cross from around his neck and placed it over hers . 
 `` never take that off . '' 
 she touched the silver chain and smiled . 
 when she 'd taken it off earlier , she 'd mourned the weight of his token around her neck . 
 she loved the thought of other men and doms knowing who she belonged to . 
 the moment she first met him when she was eighteen , in her mind she 'd been his , and now she was going to be his completely . 
 five years she 'd been in love with him . 
 in the last five years her feelings had only grown for this man . 
 prue opened her legs welcoming him into her heart and body at the same time . 
 **** james stared at his cross between her luscious tits . 
 the silver piece of jewellery looked perfect where it lay . 
 he never wanted her to take it off . 
 the longer she wore it the better he 'd feel . 
 he had n't been lying earlier . 
 the moment he took her , she was going to be his . 
 he fisted his shaft , watching her cream leak out of her pu ** y . 
 she was soaking wet . 
 the moment he touched her , he witnessed her attraction toward him . 
 her body was attuned to his unlike anyone else . 
 she was a small woman . 
 he 'd felt her pu ** y tighten around his fingers when he 'd finger f ** ked her . 
 he was n't a small man . 
 james knew he 'd need to take his time with her . 
 if he 'd had some lubrication to hand he 'd apply some to her pu ** y and his c ** k to ease his passage inside her . 
 unfortunately , he did n't have any on him . 
 he did n't like the thought of hurting her . 
 `` it might hurt , '' he said . 
 prudence gave him a smile . 
 he saw the emotion in her eyes , the love she felt for him . 
 he 'd seen it shining in her eyes many times before . 
 all the other times he 'd made some excuse for what he saw . 
 he could no longer deny himself the pleasure of seeing her in love with him . 
 he knew she was his for the taking . 
 `` i do n't mind a little pain . '' 
 james ran the tip of his c ** k through her slit . 
 `` i 'm not on any birth control . '' 
 `` how long has it been since your last man ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he clenched his teeth thinking about another man seeing her like this . 
 prudence was his . 
 no other man would ever see her like this if he had his way . 
 `` a while . '' 
 `` longer than a year ? '' 
 he asked , tormenting himself with her answer . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` longer than two ? '' 
 she nodded her head . 
 tears were glistening in her eyes . 
 he stroked her cheek with the back of his fingers . 
 `` i think that is wonderful , prudence . '' 
 `` why wo n't you call me ` prue ' ? '' 
 she asked . 
 james chuckled . 
 `` because everyone else calls you ` prue ' . 
 i love being the only one to use your full name . 
 it makes you all mine . '' 
 `` i could get pregnant if you do n't use anything , '' she said . 
 `` i wo n't mind if you do n't . '' 
 he saw her gasp and the way she licked her lips . 
 prudence looked nervously at him . 
 `` i 'm not ready for children . '' 
 james leaned down , kissing her lips . 
 she would taste her pu ** y juice on his lips . 
 she did n't pull away . 
 `` i 'll use protection . 
 i will always protect you . '' 
 james walked to his leather pants and pulled out the condom he always kept on him . 
 he 'd protect prudence , but he did n't want the latex between them . 
 he wanted to feel her against him , to feel her na ** d cunt wrapped tightly around his shaft . 
 he knew he was going to hell . 
 how could feeling this way about another person be bad ? 
 he did n't know . 
 james wanted her , and denying each other was hurting them . 
 james gave her the foil packet . 
 `` put it on me . '' 
 he watched the way her tits bounced as she sat up . 
 he 'd never look at his desk in the same way again . 
 from this day forth , he 'd sit at his desk and imagine her na ** d and waiting to be f ** ked by him . 
 she tore the foil with her teeth and then squeezed the tip before sliding the latex down his shaft . 
 her fingers shook a little as she placed the condom over his dick . 
 he knew in the way she was reacting , she 'd not had a lot of experience with protecting herself against men . 
 he took her hand , kissing her fingers . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 james pressed a hand to her chest , pushing her back onto the desk . 
 his c ** k was n't getting any smaller . 
 for the last month he 'd been waiting to get inside her . 
 he ran the tip of his c ** k through her slit . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you , prudence . 
 i 'm going to slide my c ** k inside your tight little cunt and claim you as my own . '' 
 `` yes , i want that . '' 
 he eased the mushroomed tip of his c ** k between her lips , feeling her pu ** y tighten around the head . 
 `` relax and let me in , baby . '' 
 she relaxed underneath him . 
 her body was becoming compliant against his cock . 
 once the head was inside , he caught her hands with his own , holding her . 
 he looked down to where they were joined . 
 his latex-covered c ** k was just inside her tight little pu ** y , and the visual was completely erotic to him . 
 `` you look so beautiful taking my cock . '' 
 she whimpered , staring up at him . 
 he held on tight to her hands and then slammed his whole length inside her wet cunt . 
 she cried out . 
 the sound of her screams grew louder . 
 james closed his eyes feeling the utter rapture of her pu ** y . 
 she was tight and squeezed him tighter than his own fist . 
 he gazed down to where they were joined . 
 he could n't see anything but her pu ** y lips and his pelvis pressed together . 
 she 'd taken him all the way inside . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` full , sir . '' 
 his title coming from her lips made his c ** k jump inside her . 
 she gasped . 
 `` say it again , '' he said . 
 `` sir . '' 
 `` who do you belong to ? '' 
 `` you . '' 
 her words came without hesitation . 
 james knew from this day forth , prudence star was his woman . 
 she was his possession , and he would make sure that he owned every inch of her body . 
 all of her cries of passion would be his . 
 no one else would see the beauty she possessed . 
 `` you are mine ! '' 
 he pulled out of her body and slammed inside , taking great pleasure in hearing her scream . 
 `` i 'm yours , sir . '' 
 he slammed inside her , feeling her pu ** y tighten around him with each of his thrusts . 
 her tits bounced as he f ** ked her on his desk . 
 her fingers held onto his hands as he rode her body . 
 it was n't enough . 
 he did n't feel like he could get deep enough inside her . 
 james let her hands go and grabbed her hips . 
 he moved her legs up the length of his body as he slammed inside her pu ** y , using his strength on her h * ps to pull her against him . 
 she placed her hands on the edge of the desk letting him take control of her body . 
 prudence bit her lip as he thrust home claiming the woman beneath him as his . 
 he 'd never felt anything as primal as he did in that moment . 
 the woman on his desk was the woman meant for him . 
 nothing mattered to him , not her age or her sister . 
 prudence was his woman , and he 'd spend the rest of his life proving to her how much he loved her . 
 he knew he could n't fight it anymore . 
 he loved her and had from the first moment he met her . 
 she was a beautiful woman . 
 a woman he should never have . 
 `` you are mine , '' he said , again . 
 `` always , sir . 
 i 've always been yours . '' 
 and he knew it was true . 
 he thrust inside her and exploded into the condom . 
 his orgasm came out of nowhere and went on and on . 
 james stared into his woman 's eyes and knew he 'd finally found the one who was supposed to be his . 
 his se ** n was spent inside the condom . 
 he wished he had n't worn the protection . 
 she was all his , and no matter what happened , he 'd make sure she was protected . 
 james caressed her stomach , wondering how she 'd look swollen with his child . 
 she 'd look stunning ; he knew that . 
 `` no regrets , '' she said . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no regrets . '' 
 chapter fourteen she 'd almost screamed out her love for him . 
 prue wanted him to know how she felt , but it was too soon . 
 they 'd only been together once , and she was nervous . 
 he eased off her body , pulling away . 
 she made to follow him , and he stopped her with a hand to her shoulder . 
 `` wait here , '' he said . 
 he grabbed his leather pants from the floor and put his shirt back on . 
 she watched him walk out of his office and saw the way he made sure she was protected . 
 without him in the room , she felt exposed . 
 her own arousal trickled out of her pu ** y. seconds later he came back with a cloth and bowl of warm water . 
 he set the bowl on his chair . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i asked jermaine for it and told him you would n't be working behind the bar anymore . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` where will i be ? '' 
 `` in this office with me . 
 you can do whatever you like , prudence . 
 you 're not working in the bar , and i want you close to me at all times . '' 
 prue was touched by his words but a little upset . 
 she did n't want him to think she was after his money . 
 `` i can work , james . 
 i do n't mind . '' 
 `` when we 're alone i want you to still call me ` sir ' . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i know you 're not after my money , prudence . 
 do you remember what i talked about at the restaurant ? '' 
 prue nodded her head . 
 she watched him wring out a cloth and then press the warm towel between her thighs . 
 a wince escaped her before she could contain it . 
 `` i was too rough with you , '' he said . 
 `` no , you were n't . 
 i liked what you did . '' 
 the warmth helped with the soreness created from his cock . 
 he was larger than any other man she 'd been with . 
 his c ** k had touched parts inside her she had n't known were there . 
 james had ruined her only dildo . 
 she 'd never be able to use that small c ** k remembering the way he felt . 
 `` i can pay my own way , '' she said , trying to steer the conversation back to what they were discussing . 
 `` i know you can . 
 you do n't need to . 
 you 're mine now , prudence . 
 do n't argue . '' 
 she closed her mouth . 
 her arguments died on her tongue . 
 `` so this is what it feels like to be owned by an owner ? '' 
 `` this is nothing . '' 
 `` will you be taking me to possession ? '' 
 `` i think you should meet the other women and my friends . '' 
 prue nodded her head and watched him clean her pu ** y . 
 when he was done , he made her sit on the desk as he got her clothing . 
 her panties were no good . 
 james looked at her jeans and shook his head . 
 the blouse and bra were tossed away in his trash bin . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he grabbed his coat from the hook he 'd placed it on . 
 `` i do n't like those jeans , and you 're not wearing them anymore . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave your office naked . '' 
 `` no other man is going to see you naked , prudence . '' 
 he came back with his coat , kissing her head . 
 `` what are we going to tell my sister ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i can talk to her if you want ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i should be the one to tell her . 
 i think she 's going to hate me . '' 
 he caught her face between his hands , forcing her to look up at him . 
 `` she 's not going to hate you . 
 veronica did not love me and never did . 
 i know this . 
 she should be happy for you . '' 
 james wrapped the coat around her . 
 he picked her up off the desk with a hand around her waist , settling her on her feet when she was on the floor . 
 he tied the belt at the front covering her up . 
 she 'd been wearing a pair of heeled shoes , which she 'd kicked off the moment she entered the room . 
 james kissed her lips , teasing them open to swipe his tongue inside her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't think when you do that . '' 
 `` that is the idea , '' he said , chuckling . 
 `` are you done with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` are you sending me home ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm not done with you . '' 
 she smiled . 
 he cupped her cheek , pressing his forehead against hers . 
 `` i never knew this could feel so amazing , '' he said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 she cupped his cheek , kissing his lips . 
 prue could n't believe she was free to touch him . 
 he 'd only been like this in her dreams . 
 he caught her hand pressing her palm to his chest . 
 `` only for you , '' he said . 
 she knew what he was trying to say . 
 a smile broke across her lips . 
 `` will you come with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` where do you want me to go ? '' 
 she 'd go to the ends of the earth for him . 
 `` home . '' 
 prue frowned , staring up at him . 
 she was caught by how tall he was . 
 without her heels he towered over her . 
 `` i thought this was your home . '' 
 `` it just goes to show i can surprise you . '' 
 he took her hand and led the way out of the office . 
 her friends were waiting for her at the bar . 
 anya looked worried while becky was chatting to jermaine . 
 from the glazed look in becky 's eye , prue knew her friend was seeing more to jermaine than simply a barman . 
 anya stood up when she saw her . 
 `` i wondered what had happened to you . '' 
 she glared at james over her shoulder . 
 he squeezed her waist . 
 she knew he was n't going anywhere while she talked to her friend . 
 `` nothing happened to me . 
 i 'm going out with james . 
 i 'll call you as soon as i can . '' 
 she pulled away from james and hugged anya and then becky . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 he wo n't do anything to hurt me . 
 i 'm safe with him . '' 
 her two friends glared at james . 
 their glares did not bother him . 
 she saw his gaze was focused on her . 
 prue became conscious of her na ** d state under his coat . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . '' 
 anya grabbed her hand before she got chance to leave . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . 
 he 's the one responsible for losing your job . '' 
 prue smiled , trying to reassure her friend . 
 james took her hand in his pulling her back against him . 
 `` i was taking care of her . 
 prudence is mine to care about . '' 
 he moved away from her friends . 
 she chuckled , blowing them a kiss . 
 prue could n't help it . 
 she loved how possessive he was of her . 
 it was turning her on the way he looked at her . 
 his hand tightened on hers as he led her out of the bar . 
 the line trying to get into ravage was down the street . 
 `` your place is very busy . '' 
 `` they 're trying to get into the dungeon . 
 bdsm is becoming popular for some reason . '' 
 prue chuckled . 
 she knew the reason why but kept her opinions to herself . 
 the taxi he 'd used the other night was waiting by the curb . 
 `` why have n't you employed this man to be your personal driver ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've been meaning to ask him . 
 a black and red haired minx has been keeping my thoughts preoccupied . '' 
 she flicked her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i 'm memorable . '' 
 **** `` where are we going ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` your house is not very clear . '' 
 james tapped her knee staring out of the window . 
 `` it is a surprise . '' 
 they would n't be disturbed at his house . 
 the press no longer lingered around his home . 
 he 's helped her into the taxi , nodding his head at the driver . 
 when he 'd been getting the bowl of hot water for prudence , he 'd phoned the firm to bring his usual driver . 
 before he left the taxi , he 'd offer the guy the job to be his personal driver . 
 the scenery was going by slowly . 
 he caressed her na ** d knee , knowing she had nothing to hinder his touch . 
 the driver was discreet and constantly stared out of the front window as he drove . 
 prudence placed her hand on top of his . 
 he stared at her face . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` please , not here . '' 
 she mouthed the words to him . 
 her face was flushed . 
 james wanted to push her but decided against it . 
 he never wanted to push her out of her comfort zone . 
 keeping his hand on her knee , he stared at the driver . 
 `` what 's your name , son ? '' 
 he asked the driver . 
 `` arthur , sir . '' 
 `` i 've been wondering how you 'd feel to having the full-time position of being my driver . 
 i 'll pay you well with plenty of benefits . 
 you 'll want for nothing . '' 
 `` i 'll think about it , sir . '' 
 `` you do that . '' 
 he sat back watching the streets go by . 
 james had n't been back to his home since the night the news had broken about ravage and possession . 
 the streets felt foreign to him . 
 his parents never suffered with this . 
 they 'd always been able to maintain their secrets . 
 his grip tightened on her knee . 
 she took his hand in hers , stroking his hand . 
 he smiled . 
 she was offering him so much comfort without even realising it . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` always . '' 
 james leaned across the car and kissed her cheek . 
 she was all his , and he could n't believe he could touch her freely . 
 the taxi pulled up outside of his house . 
 james got out , paid the man , and gave him the details for the position . 
 `` if you want the job then give me a call . '' 
 he helped prudence out of the car and watched the taxi drive away . 
 `` that was kind of you . '' 
 `` he 's a good worker and never asks questions . '' 
 she shivered , moving closer to him . 
 `` winter is biting a little too much this year . '' 
 the ground was covered in layer of ice and snow . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he walked to the security panel and typed in the password . 
 `` you 're seriously loaded , are n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he laughed . 
 she did n't sound greedy when she made the comment . 
 prudence sounded upset . 
 `` it is family money . 
 my parents had this and their parents before them . '' 
 `` they would n't have liked me , '' she said . 
 he took her hand and walked through the gates . 
 james waited for the gates to close before they began the walk down to the main house . 
 `` they 'd have loved you . 
 they were wealthy people but knew how the world worked . 
 my parents would have loved you because you made me happy . '' 
 `` i do n't think my parents are going to be quite so forgiving . 
 you are my sister 's ex . '' 
 `` i think you 're worrying a little too much . '' 
 together , they walked down the tarmac path . 
 the sound of her shoes clicking on the floor was the only sound to be heard in the dark night air . 
 she winced , and james caught her up in his arms . 
 `` put me down . 
 i 'm heavy , james . 
 i do n't want you to hurt yourself . '' 
 `` what did i tell you about using my title ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . '' 
 `` you will be . 
 i think we should teach you a lesson . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she asked , sounding curious rather than afraid . 
 `` yes , i think you 'd look lovely with your ass in the air across my spanking bench . '' 
 `` you have your own room for punishment ? '' 
 `` i have an entire room for a playroom , prudence . 
 this is my house , and i added what i wanted to make it mine . '' 
 he carried her down the last part of the drive . 
 the trees obscured the moon , but he knew where he was going . 
 `` is this the first time you 've been to your house since the press accosted you that night ? '' 
 she asked . 
 james nodded recalling the press outside his home . 
 `` up until that night i kept the gates open . 
 i never feared anyone coming here . 
 no one invaded my home with the intention of digging up my life . '' 
 `` the gates were closed and locked . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i made sure to have the security added , and the gates will remain closed for the rest of my life or until my son or daughter inherits this place . '' 
 she was silent in his arms . 
 he liked having her in his arms . 
 her arms were holding on tightly to him . 
 her feminine scent surrounded him , calming his nerves . 
 `` i 'm sorry you feel this way . '' 
 `` stephen and i should have known something was going to happen . 
 we got the warning signs but did nothing to stop it . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , sir . 
 your life was invaded either way . 
 i 'd never know what to do . '' 
 he saw the house was in total darkness . 
 prudence turned her head to look at what he was staring at . 
 `` wow , that is not a house . '' 
 `` it is a house . 
 it is my house . '' 
 james walked up the steps and placed her on her feet . 
 he kept one of her hands inside his as he grabbed the key from under the pot . 
 `` you keep your spare key under the pot ? 
 you 're not afraid of break-ins ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've never concerned myself with it before . '' 
 he pressed the key into the lock and turned the key . 
 the sound of the door opening filled the air . 
 james walked in and flicked the switch on the light . 
 the room was illuminated in soft light . 
 `` okay , the outside does not do this place justice , '' she said . 
 `` would you like a tour ? '' 
 he asked , wanting to impress her . 
 she turned to him , unbuckling the belt at the front of that coat . 
 `` actually , i 'd love for you to take me to your playroom , sir . '' 
 the coat fell to the floor , forgotten . 
 he stared at her body . 
 her full tits with her rounded cherry ni ** les pointed up at him . 
 his gaze drifted down to her full curves and rounded stomach . 
 he 'd never liked thin women , and her fullness reawakened his arousal . 
 licking his lips , he stared down her body . 
 there was no gap between her thighs . 
 they were thick and tempting him . 
 james knew how they felt wrapped around his waist . 
 he 'd had one taste , and that one taste was n't enough . 
 james pulled her into his arms . 
 `` what did i do to deserve you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she smiled . 
 `` you waited for me . '' 
 he grabbed a fistful of hair , pulling her down to his lips . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist as he carried her up to his playroom . 
 he kept it on the third floor next to his room . 
 james stopped every few steps to kiss her and press his c ** k to her core . 
 she cried out with each thrust of his hips . 
 her fingers tightened in his hair . 
 chapter fifteen prue held onto him as he took her up another flight of stairs . 
 she had no choice but to hold on . 
 her heart was racing with each step . 
 she 'd never been into a personal playroom before . 
 james would be her first real dom . 
 her experimenting had never got so far . 
 the silver cross dangled between her br ** sts . 
 he stopped at a door on the top floor . 
 james pressed her against the wall . 
 she wondered how his arms were doing carrying her weight . 
 `` before we go into this room , prudence , i have to ask you something , '' he said . 
 she loved the way he said her full name . 
 the explanation he 'd given her won her over all the time . 
 her full name felt like his now . 
 her parents did n't call her prudence . 
 `` what do you need to ask me ? '' 
 `` will you be my submissive ? '' 
 his cross dangled around her neck . 
 `` i thought i was . '' 
 `` i need to hear you say the words . '' 
 `` sir , james , i will be your anything . '' 
 `` i will claim you at ravage in front of the rest of the doms , but your word is more than enough for now . '' 
 he opened the door , covering her eyes with his hands . 
 `` i want you to keep them closed until i tell you . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 she felt him move away . 
 there was the sound of a light switch being turned on . 
 james held her hands and pulled her in closer . 
 `` okay , open your eyes . '' 
 the light brightened the room but did n't glare at her . 
 she stared around the room seeing what she 'd read about in the books . 
 there was a bed at the far end of the room covered in silk sheets . 
 she walked over to the bed . 
 the bed looked less frightening . 
 she touched the sheets feeling the silk against her finger tips . 
 `` it is soft . '' 
 james followed behind her . 
 she felt his presence at her back . 
 he was n't speaking , only watching her as she took in his personal space . 
 the bed had four wooden posts at each corner . 
 she saw the silk ties wrapped around each post . 
 `` this is for you to bind your woman to the bed ? '' 
 `` yes , or for you to bind me to the bed if you wished . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , i would n't want to do that . '' 
 prue opened the cuff and wrapped the silk around her own hand . 
 `` let me . '' 
 james took the silk and tied it around her wrist . 
 `` this way i can choose how tight or loose you get it . '' 
 prue tested the strength of his knot by pulling on the grip he held of the silk . 
 the knot stayed firmly in place as she tugged at the silk . 
 there was no give at her wrist . 
 james released her hand . 
 `` it does n't hurt . '' 
 `` that one did n't . 
 there are other ropes and bonds that are designed to hurt to a point . '' 
 she nodded her head , moving away from the bed . 
 `` you have n't seen everything , '' he said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` lie down . '' 
 prue did as he instructed , lying on her back . 
 she saw what he meant . 
 a mirror was on the ceiling as she saw her na ** d reflection staring back at her . 
 `` i like to watch everything . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he stared down at her . 
 she turned to look at him . 
 `` are you afraid yet ? '' 
 prue stared at him before answering . 
 `` why should i be afraid ? '' 
 `` i know you 've never been with a proper dom . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 he knelt down on the floor . 
 his hand covered her neck and the pulse in her throat . 
 `` i know this because no real dom would ever let you go . 
 you 're perfect . '' 
 james leaned over , dropping a kiss to her lips . 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` i like your answer . 
 no , i 'm not afraid . 
 i know you 'd never hurt me . 
 the moment i said the word , ` roses ' , you 'd back off . 
 you 're a good dom . '' 
 `` and how do you know this ? '' 
 `` you would n't still be in business at ravage if you were n't good . '' 
 `` i like your answer . '' 
 prue pressed against his hand and moved off the bed . 
 james was still dressed in his leather pants and shirt . 
 she brushed past him to go and look at other pieces of equipment . 
 `` is this a cage ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , i used to have one in my office until the press broke in and started taking pictures . '' 
 she crossed her legs as a wave of arousal swept over her . 
 james moved behind her , pressing a hand between her legs . 
 `` do you like the thought of being caged up ? '' 
 prue nodded her head . 
 all of her words had left her at the thought of being caged in his office , unable to move or do anything without him . 
 `` i could have it in my office again with you inside . 
 how would you feel at being trapped inside one waiting for me to let you out ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i would like that . '' 
 should she like that ? 
 being owned to the point that james controlled every part of her ? 
 `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 she waited for her control to be back in place and for james to move his hand from between her thighs . 
 he dipped a finger between her slit , coating the digit with her cream . 
 she heard him sucking her into his mouth as she moved onto something that looked like a swing . 
 the chains of the swing were hooked into the ceiling . 
 `` is this safe ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` everything in this room is safe . 
 i would never put you in any danger . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` a swing . '' 
 prue stared at the equipment . 
 what else could she call it other than equipment ? 
 a toy maybe ? 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 her curiosity had been piqued . 
 `` i 'll show you some other time . 
 take a look at something else . '' 
 `` why do n't you want to show me now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the moment you get inside the swing and feel what it can do for you , you wo n't want to move on . '' 
 she smiled , more curious than ever before . 
 raising an eyebrow at him , james shook his head and pointed for her to move on . 
 `` you have a lot of trunks in this room . '' 
 `` open them up and take a look . '' 
 prue flicked the lid on the first . 
 they were neatly organised by length , width , and size . 
 `` these are dildos ? '' 
 `` they 're anal plugs . '' 
 he reached in and pointed at the smallest one . 
 `` this is the starter . 
 it is small and not too wide . 
 it will help to ease the anus open . 
 when a woman can take this without any discomfort she can move up . '' 
 `` do all women have to start small ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 some women can take a c ** k straight away without any pain . 
 others can go for a bigger plug while others ca n't . 
 every woman is different . 
 have you ever had a c ** k in your ass , prudence ? '' 
 her cheeks filled with blood as embarrassment flooded her . 
 `` i 've never had a full cock . 
 a finger and a dildo are all . '' 
 `` why are you embarrassed ? 
 i want you to be honest with me . '' 
 `` just because you want me to be honest , does n't mean i 'm not a little worried about it . 
 i 'm use to everyone keeping their feelings to themselves . 
 we 've just had sex , and i 'm nervous you 're going to run at the first opportunity . '' 
 she slapped her hand over her lips , cursing her own words . 
 james removed her hand away . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , prudence . 
 you 're my woman . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` when we go to possession , you 'll know what i mean . '' 
 prue did n't argue with him . 
 she closed the trunk and opened the one next to it . 
 `` these are vaginal dildos , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she opened several more trunks and found plenty of nipple clamps , lubrication , and condoms . 
 another case held a variety of ropes . 
 `` i love to bind my woman . 
 i 'd love to see the rope against your skin . '' 
 nodding her head , she closed the case . 
 moving over to the wall opposite the bed she found the flogging cross . 
 she touched the leather straps at each point before moving onto the canes , paddles , and floggers she saw hanging up in order of length and size on the wall . 
 `` you 're very neat . '' 
 `` i like to have neatness in this space . 
 i think cleanliness is essential in this world . '' 
 she understood him . 
 if there was an accident and a cane drew blood , clean toys and equipment would limit or prevent any chance of infection . 
 `` this is your whole life , is n't it ? '' 
 `` being a dom is not a time for me to play . 
 this is who i am , prudence . 
 i do n't play around . 
 as my woman i will want you to take this seriously as well . '' 
 he was stroking a paddle as he spoke . 
 unable to say anything , she moved toward the spanking bench . 
 the bench reminded her of something she 'd seen in her gymnastics class when she was younger . 
 she ran her hand over the bench . 
 `` yes , it is safe , before you ask . '' 
 prue chuckled . 
 `` i was n't going to ask . 
 i trusted you the first time you told me . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` so , i believe you want to punish me , sir . 
 is this how you want to punish me ? '' 
 she asked , turning towards him and leaning on her hands . 
 her tits were thrust up in offering . 
 she saw his gaze followed the line down her body . 
 `` as tempting as it would be to see you over my bench , i 've got something else in mind . '' 
 he moved in close to her , pressing his pelvis against her own . 
 she gasped feeling the heat of his c ** k against her na ** d stomach . 
 even through his leather pants , she felt the heat of him like a scolding brand , a brand she would be more than proud to wear . 
 james dropped his head taking a nipple into his mouth . 
 if his hands had n't been around her body , she 'd have fallen in heap on the floor . 
 `` what do you do to me ? '' 
 she asked when he pulled off her breast . 
 `` show you how exquisite your submission could be . '' 
 `` how do you want to punish me ? '' 
 her mouth was bone dry . 
 finding the right words was a struggle for her . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` always . '' 
 she knew he 'd never hurt her , and if he pushed her farther than she wanted to go , she had her safe word . 
 **** james could n't have asked for a better response for her . 
 he 'd been worried that she would disappear because of what she liked . 
 his own passions were not the easiest for many women to accept . 
 he loved to push his woman and to show them how wonderful being his submissive could be . 
 prue was the only woman for him . 
 there would be no other submissive or training of other women for him . 
 any classes he gave would be with prue . 
 she was his one and only . 
 he knew that more than he knew his own name . 
 he took her hand in his and led her over to his bed . 
 prudence went without resistance . 
 james helped her onto the centre of the bed . 
 her pale na ** d body contrasted with the black silk sheets . 
 the red shade of her hair stood out from the two different shades of black around her . 
 he stood back looking down at her . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her hands were by her side . 
 she made no move to cover herself . 
 `` you look gorgeous . 
 would you mind if i took a picture ? '' 
 she covered her body . 
 `` i 'm not ready for pictures . '' 
 nodding his head , he leaned down on the bed to kiss her . 
 `` all right , i can wait for you . '' 
 he 'd waited all of his adult life for her , so a few extra years were nothing to him . 
 `` roll onto your stomach , '' he said , helping her turn over . 
 `` i want you to stretch out your arms and legs . '' 
 she followed his instructions , stretching her arms and legs out to the four wooden posts . 
 james started at the top left side . 
 he took her wrist in his hand and tied a sash around her wrist , tight . 
 after walking around to do her other wrist in the same fashion , he settled at the base of the bed . 
 her legs were splayed . 
 he saw the puckered hole of her ass peeking at him . 
 the cheeks of her ass were full and round . 
 taking one of her ankles , he opened her legs wider and wrapped the silk tie around her ankle . 
 there was not as much give in her legs as there was with her wrists . 
 he did n't want her to move . 
 her arms he 'd be able to hold down whereas her legs would be difficult . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm more than okay , '' she said . 
 her voice came out in breathy gasps . 
 he chuckled . 
 his woman liked being tied up . 
 james moved to her other ankle giving her the same kind of treatment . 
 once he was done , he grabbed one of his blindfolds and covered her eyes . 
 she let out a moan as he tied the folds at the back . 
 `` can you see ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i ca n't . '' 
 james grabbed a fistful of her hair pulling her head back for him to kiss her lips . 
 he plunged his tongue inside her , taking her mouth in a searing kiss . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he said , kissing her lips once again . 
 he reached down to cup one of her plump breast . 
 her nipple pressed against his palm . 
 `` i bet if i put my hand between your thighs i will find you soaking wet . '' 
 her cheeks were flushed with arousal . 
 james ran his hand down her back feeling her shiver from his touch . 
 he kept his palm on her ass as he ravished her lips . 
 caressing the cheeks , he ran a finger down the seam of her ass feeling her tighten her ass against his invasion . 
 `` i will have that ass , prudence . '' 
 she nodded her head , kissing him back . 
 he did n't probe her channel ; he only fingered her seam running down to her pu ** y. james knew he was right . 
 she was dripping wet . 
 her moan echoed around the room . 
 he released her pu ** y and slapped her ass . 
 she cried out . 
 her body jolted on the restraints around her waist and ankles . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 prudence nodded her head . 
 the action was slight but unmistakable to him . 
 whack . 
 whack . 
 james rained down blows on her ass . 
 the palm of his hand was making a lovely red hand print on her pale cheeks . 
 her cries continued , and so did her protests . 
 james paused feeling her pushing her ass against his palm even as her cries of `` no '' filled the air . 
 `` do you want me to stop ? '' 
 they had n't talked about her hard limits . 
 `` no , i do n't want you to stop , sir . 
 i love your hand on my ass . 
 please , punish me , sir . '' 
 he caressed the red marks he 'd made . 
 they were already beginning to fade . 
 he was n't being rough with her at all . 
 `` do n't tell me what to do , '' he said . 
 james climbed off the bed and fetched one of his favourite canes . 
 it was n't the one made out of wood . 
 she was n't ready for high levels of pain . 
 this was a small leather one . 
 he could control the strength of the hits . 
 `` say your safe word if it is too much . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he pushed her up onto her knees which spread her arms out wide . 
 her ass was up in the air . 
 the pink of her slit was on display for him to see . 
 running the cane over the flesh of her ass , he teased her cl * t rubbing the tip through her creamy slit . 
 she moaned , thrusting onto the cane . 
 james climbed behind her on the bed , slapping her ass . 
 `` stay ... still , '' he said , between each blow of his hand on her ass . 
 he kept the cane between her legs watching as she tried to remain still even as he rubbed the tip to her clit . 
 `` i need to come . '' 
 smack . 
 he added another blow to her ass at her words . 
 his c ** k was thick in his leather pants . 
 he climbed off the bed and removed his restrictive clothing . 
 she 'd turned her head toward him on the bed , her eyes covered by the blindfold . 
 she looked so sexy with the trust she was showing him . 
 `` what are you doing , sir ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm undressing . 
 you have my c ** k thick inside my pants . '' 
 she smiled , the lift of her lips lighting up her whole face . 
 `` really ? '' 
 james finished removing his clothing until he was na ** d like prudence before going to the bed . 
 he stroked her head before brushing her lips with his own . 
 `` you have no idea the effect you have on me . '' 
 he kissed her lips taking her moan within his mouth . 
 `` i 'm rock hard for you , baby . '' 
 she whimpered as he ran his hands over her body feeling her muscles relax against his touch . 
 james touched every inch of her body , recording her to mind . 
 he did n't know how long he was going to last . 
 her body was as addictive as her sweet pu ** y. chapter sixteen her ass was burning , but she wanted more . 
 his punishment was n't enough . 
 prue needed his hand on her ass . 
 she wanted his marks , the true signs of his passion and ownership . 
 his hands were rubbing down her body . 
 she felt like purring . 
 the smallest touch of his hands was sending her body into overdrive . 
 her pu ** y was on fire for his touch . 
 `` please . '' 
 she begged him hoping he 'd punish her . 
 the cane he used made her cl * t pulse with fresh arousal . 
 she 'd seen his equipment while looking around . 
 the small round cane would cause pain but not mark . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the tips of his fingers were teasing her pu ** y . 
 the small touches were not hard enough to make her come . 
 his teasing was driving her insane . 
 `` you , '' she said . 
 the wrong words would make him punish her instead of giving her what she wanted . 
 he slapped her ass making her tense and cry out . 
 james had used the cane . 
 the pain pulsed along the cheeks of her ass . 
 the pain went straight to her cl * t and made her moan . 
 `` you 're testing me , prudence . 
 tell me what you want . '' 
 `` i want you to f ** k me . 
 i want your c ** k deep inside my pu ** y. '' he chuckled , rubbing the strip where he 'd used the cane on her ass . 
 then he moved his hand up drawing over the interlocking rose tattoo on the base of her back , to the tattoo she 'd gotten when she was twenty-one . 
 `` when did you get this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` on my twenty-first birthday . '' 
 `` why do you love roses ? '' 
 `` they are pretty and have thorns so people know not to mess with them . 
 if people treat them wrong then they are bound to get hurt . '' 
 they did n't speak for a moment . 
 james spent the time copying over her design . 
 `` i love this design . 
 it suits you . '' 
 `` i did n't want any colour . 
 i think the black was perfect . '' 
 her pu ** y was dripping her cream down her thighs . 
 the blindfold stopped her from seeing anything . 
 `` so beautiful . '' 
 there was movement behind her . 
 she tried to listen out for certain noises . 
 she screamed as he plunged his tongue inside her cunt . 
 his fingers teased her cl * t as his tongue plunged into her pu ** y . 
 he pulled out and pressed in . 
 the movement was rapid and gave her no time to catch her breath . 
 she fisted the blankets underneath her . 
 it was too much . 
 prue cried out as her cl ** ax washed through her . 
 she pushed back onto his face feeling him licking her to fulfilment . 
 she 'd never had a man tongue-fuck her from behind before . 
 her head was dizzy from the amount of pleasure he was giving her . 
 there was no stopping from one pleasure to the next . 
 before she 'd come down from her release , he slammed inside her pu ** y . 
 the hard length of his c ** k pressed inside her . 
 she felt every inch of him pulse . 
 her walls tightened around his length as he remained still inside her . 
 `` you 're so f ** king tight . '' 
 prue cried out as he slapped her ass . 
 the sensation of the pain and the hunger inside her made her tighten around him . 
 he cursed and slapped her again . 
 she pressed back to him wanting him to ride her hard . 
 his hands grabbed onto her h * ps and pulled her back . 
 james kept her in place as he pulled out of her pu ** y . 
 she felt his shaft grazing the walls of her cunt . 
 biting on her lip she tried to distract herself from thrusting back onto his cock . 
 the tip of his c ** k was the only part of him inside her . 
 `` please , please , please , '' she said , over and over , begging him to f ** k her . 
 only when he was ready did he plunge inside her . 
 the action slammed him deep up to the hilt . 
 the length of him inside her put her on the verge of pain . 
 they screamed together , and their moans mingled in the air . 
 james was relentless in his assault on her senses . 
 his hands reached up to finger her ni ** les . 
 the tightness went down to her clit , swelling him up further inside her . 
 she did n't know what to do but to hold on . 
 `` i want to look at you . '' 
 james pulled out of her body then flipped her onto her back . 
 the blindfold was removed . 
 she blinked up at him as he slammed back inside her . 
 they both cried out . 
 prue tried to wrap her arms around him . 
 her hands would n't budge . 
 they both cried out in frustration . 
 james pulled on the ties , but they refused to budge . 
 he left her once again to grab some scissors from a draw near the bed . 
 he cut the two bits of silk around her arms and then near her feet . 
 he fell on the bed , and she dived on him . 
 they wrestled together , fighting to get closer . 
 james pulled her onto his lap , thrusting his c ** k deep inside her pu ** y . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck as they stared into each other eyes . 
 his eyes were almost black , and he tugged on the strands of her hair . 
 she moaned , looking into his eyes . 
 `` you 're mine . '' 
 she nodded unable to voice the words . 
 he kept saying them to her . 
 she saw the possessive way he was looking at her . 
 `` say it , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that james castleden owns you . 
 you 're my woman , my sub . '' 
 `` i 'm yours , james . 
 you own me , heart , mind , body , and soul . 
 i 'm all yours . '' 
 he plunged inside her body as his tongue plunged inside her mouth . 
 she 'd just told him how she felt . 
 prue knew she had n't said the words , but they were there between them . 
 his hands left her hair to grab her ass . 
 james took control of their thrusts and pulled her down onto his shaft . 
 from this angle he went deeper hitting her cervix . 
 the pleasure increased inside her body . 
 her ni ** les tightened to unbearable points . 
 her second orgasm was building inside her , pushing her to the edge . 
 `` i 'm going to come , '' she said . 
 `` yes , come all over my cock . '' 
 james sucked her ni ** les into his mouth , biting down on the tips . 
 she went over the edge into oblivion . 
 her pu ** y tightened around his c ** k f ** king her . 
 his thrusts increased . 
 prue felt him plunge inside her and then the kick as his orgasm overcame him . 
 she felt his se ** n spurting inside her with each wave of pleasure . 
 holding onto him , she pressed her face against his neck . 
 her body shook from the intense pleasure they 'd experienced . 
 james held her close . 
 his arms were tight around her . 
 she felt protected and safe . 
 licking her lips , she turned to look at him . 
 `` you 're amazing , '' he said . 
 he pushed her hair out of her face . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked when she did n't answer . 
 `` you did n't use a condom . '' 
 **** james felt her words like a kick to the stomach . 
 he 'd not considered wearing a condom . 
 she looked scared . 
 he pushed her hair off her face looking into her eyes . 
 the blue had dimmed as reality set in . 
 `` i could get pregnant , '' she said . 
 `` could , not will , prudence . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not ready to be a mother . '' 
 his c ** k pulsed inside her as a fresh wave of arousal hit him at the thought of getting her pregnant . 
 the primal satisfaction that swept through him for having his se ** n inside her shocked him . 
 he 'd never thought ha ** ng s * x without protection would leave him feeling so alive . 
 `` i do n't want you to feel trapped , '' she said , covering her face with her hands . 
 james chuckled , removing her hands from her face . 
 tears were glistening in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm the one who forgot . 
 you told me you were n't protected . 
 this is my fault . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to feel responsible for me . '' 
 he knew he should tell her how he felt . 
 she needed to talk to her sister first . 
 he knew veronica was hanging over their heads like a cancer . 
 when she realised they were free to love and to feel , he 'd show her how much he loved her . 
 this possessive feeling inside him could no longer be denied . 
 prudence was his . 
 `` you 're never going to be a responsibility to me . 
 i 'm yours , prudence . 
 heart , mind , body , and soul . '' 
 she smiled even as she dropped her head to his shoulder . 
 he picked her up in his arms , moving her out of his playroom and into his room . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist . 
 his c ** k thickened inside her . 
 james cursed his wayward body . 
 prudence held onto him as he laid her down on his bed . 
 he pulled out of her and gazed down at her pu ** y. his white seed was leaking out of her cunt and over the fine hairs of her pu ** y . 
 she looked red and swollen . 
 he went through to his bathroom . 
 james grabbed a fresh towel and filled the sink with warm water . 
 his reflection in the mirror above the sink caught his attention . 
 staring at his reflection , he saw his feelings clear on his face . 
 his whole world was filled with prudence . 
 he needed to stop doing this . 
 twice he 'd made love to her , and twice he 'd needed to clean her . 
 shaking his head , he wrung out the towel and moved to her . 
 she lay on the bed waiting for him . 
 `` i can wash myself , '' she said . 
 `` i like taking care of you . '' 
 pressing the towel between her thighs , he took her hand in his . 
 `` everything is going to be okay , '' he said . 
 she nodded her head , looking past his shoulder . 
 once he 'd cleaned her , he tucked her into the bed . 
 she 'd fallen asleep as he 'd been taking care of her . 
 she looked younger in her sleep . 
 `` i love you , prudence . 
 nothing is going to happen to you . 
 i meant what i said . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 he spoke to her hoping some of his words would sink in even as she slept . 
 james walked back to his bathroom and took a quick shower . 
 when he was done , he left his bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist . 
 he made his way down to his office . 
 it had been over a year since he 'd been here before . 
 his laptop was in the safe where he 'd placed it the day after the press had gone knocking at his door . 
 the books were well dusted . 
 the staff he 'd employed had done a fantastic job of taking care of his house . 
 he left the office to walk to the kitchen . 
 in the fridge were a couple of cartoons of fresh orange juice but no food . 
 tomorrow he and prudence would take a trip to the supermarket . 
 he liked the thought of going shopping with her . 
 shaking his head at his thoughts , he grabbed a carton and walked back to his office . 
 he typed in the twelve digit number into the safe . 
 it was the same number as his access code into possession . 
 he saw behind his desk , firing up the laptop . 
 when his laptop was loaded up , he picked up his phone and dialled possession 's number . 
 stephen answered sounding harassed . 
 `` hello , '' stephen said . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 `` james , what 's the matter ? '' 
 his friend asked . 
 `` are you all there ? '' 
 `` yes , and dane is here as well . '' 
 james hesitated . 
 he did n't like dane one bit . 
 his gut was telling him the guy was bad news . 
 `` could you put the speakerphone on ? '' 
 he waited as the phone went back into his cradle and the sound of his friends came over the line . 
 `` hello , james . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 cadeon asked . 
 tate and kevin acknowledged him . 
 dane remained silent even as lucas and sean said hello . 
 he was pleased . 
 with the way he was feeling he 'd call the guys in charge of dane 's release . 
 `` i found the one , '' james said . 
 silence met his words . 
 he waited for them to respond to him . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 stephen asked . 
 `` prudence star , '' tate said , before james got chance to answer . 
 `` he asked for a full background check on her . 
 a hottie as well from the pictures i 've seen . '' 
 james growled over the line . 
 `` she 's my woman , tate . 
 do n't start . '' 
 `` and he 'd already showing the possessive side . 
 i like this , '' cadeon said . 
 `` he can finally know what it 's like to be cursed like this . '' 
 `` how is violet ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` pregnant and scared . '' 
 james thought about what he 'd done . 
 prudence and pregnancy did not scare him . 
 he was excited about the thought of being a father . 
 `` i want you to meet her , and i want her to meet violet and ursula . '' 
 `` ursula would love someone else to talk to . 
 violet is a little shy for her tastes , '' stephen said with a laugh to his voice . 
 he smiled thinking about ursula and prudence together . 
 `` i 'll bring her over in a couple of days . 
 i want to make her comfortable soon . '' 
 `` which is code for , i 'm keeping her to myself for as long as possible , '' cadeon said . 
 james did n't argue . 
 it was going to be tough taking her into ravage . 
 at least he 'd have her in the office with him at all times . 
 james knew he 'd go insane thinking of all the men touching her at the bar . 
 no , she was n't working in his bar anymore . 
 he 'd find something for her to do . 
 `` can i have a word in private ? '' 
 stephen said to the room . 
 james heard him talking to the room . 
 the door closed , and they were alone . 
 the phone was picked up once again . 
 `` we need to meet somewhere to talk , '' stephen said . 
 `` i can come to possession . '' 
 `` no , it is not safe here . '' 
 `` then ravage . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 james frowned . 
 `` then you can come to my home . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll phone you in a few days ' time to arrange a meeting . '' 
 `` what is going on , stephen ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it now . 
 i 'm not completely sure i 'm right . 
 i need all the facts before i talk to you . '' 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 james asked , concerned for his friend . 
 `` it will be when i know all the facts . 
 i look forward to meeting your woman . '' 
 james nodded , and then the call ended . 
 he stared at the phone confused by the conversation he 'd just had . 
 glancing through his emails , he looked for something to occupy him . 
 sleep had been hard to come by for the last few months . 
 she 's all alone in your bed . 
 prudence needs you . 
 james shut down his laptop and placed it back in the safe before making his way back up the stairs to watch prudence sleep . 
 he put a chair beside the bed , watching her for several minutes . 
 when watching was n't enough , he threw his towel across the room and climbed in behind her . 
 he pulled her into his arms and settled down , staring at the ceiling . 
 there was no mirror above his bed in this room . 
 james made a quick note to get one installed . 
 he wanted to be able to see her as she slept in his arms . 
 the hours passed , and before he knew it , james fell to sleep with prudence in his arms . 
 chapter seventeen three days later the past three days had been pure heaven . 
 james never left her alone . 
 he called her all the time when she went home . 
 he 'd been trying to convince her to stay at his place permanently . 
 she was n't ready to give up her house . 
 anya and becky kept calling him the weirdo boyfriend . 
 they did n't understand how much she loved his attention . 
 the constant texts he sent and the phone calls made her feel loved and cared for . 
 with each phone call she remembered him talking about possession and ownership . 
 she loved the thought of being his . 
 she fingered the silver cross necklace around her neck . 
 he 'd demanded she wear it every day . 
 every time she walked into ravage he 'd pull the chain out of her shirt letting the cross dangle between her br ** sts . 
 the love she felt for him was growing every day . 
 the way he made love to her every day , sometimes with a condom and others without , made her yearn for his touch . 
 james reached for her whenever he could . 
 she lost count of the number of times he 'd reached for her at his office . 
 she imagined there was a print of her ass on the top of his desk . 
 in the middle of the night , he 'd find her core and sink inside her . 
 she 'd wake in the morning with his c ** k still inside her pu ** y . 
 she closed her eyes thinking of that very morning . 
 he was picking her up later today to take her to possession . 
 before then , she wanted to go and visit her sister . 
 prue stared at the paperwork that had just been delivered through the letterbox . 
 she was ready to go out and visit her sister . 
 the longer she waited to tell her sister , the harder it was for her to be with jams . 
 she needed her sister to know what was going on and to also reassure herself that veronica no longer loved him . 
 she opened the envelope reading the paperwork . 
 frowning , she read through the document . 
 it was the deeds to her house with her name on . 
 the only problem with the paperwork was the fact the house had been paid for . 
 pulling her cell phone out of her pocket , she dialled james 's number . 
 her gut was telling her he was responsible for buying her house . 
 he answered on the first ring . 
 `` are you missing me already ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 why do i have the deeds to my house ? '' 
 she asked , cutting to the chase . 
 `` i told them to f ** king wait . '' 
 `` so you did buy my house and put it in my name ? '' 
 he was silent on the other end . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i wanted to . 
 do not question my reasons when it comes to you , prudence . '' 
 she sighed rubbing her temples . 
 `` it is already hard for me to be with you . 
 i know you 're rich , but you buying houses for me is hard to deal with . '' 
 `` do n't , prudence . 
 this was for you . 
 the money does n't bother me . 
 i want you , baby . 
 not a bank balance . 
 you complete me . '' 
 prue smiled , being won over by his kind words . 
 `` you always know what to say . '' 
 `` have fun with your sister , and i 'll see you later . '' 
 `` what if your friends do n't like me ? '' 
 she asked , knowing her own friends did n't like him . 
 `` then i get you all to myself . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i 'll see you soon . '' 
 `` miss you already . 
 send me a text to let me know you got there safely . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 flicking her phone shut , prue walked out of her door and began the long walk to her sister 's house . 
 she knew veronica would be in . 
 her daughter was in school while her son was too young . 
 knocking on the door she waited for her sister to answer . 
 veronica had thomas on her hip as she answered the door . 
 `` prue . 
 look , thomas , your aunty has finally decided to pay us a visit . '' 
 prue chuckled , taking the bouncing baby out of her sister 's arms . 
 `` wow , he weighs a ton . '' 
 `` he 's growing into a strapping lad like his father . 
 come in . 
 i 've got the kettle on . 
 it is freezing outside , and i bet you could murder a coffee . '' 
 `` i 'll take a tea if i can . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i could n't stomach coffee when i got pregnant . '' 
 prue followed her sister down to her kitchen . 
 thomas stayed on her lap for some time ; but boredom got to him , and he was fighting to get down . 
 veronica put him in his high chair as she made a drink . 
 `` how have you been ? '' 
 prue asked . 
 `` fine . 
 i had mom and dad ` round the other week . 
 they wanted to know how you were doing . 
 i told them you 're doing fine . '' 
 she nodded her head , accepting the cup from her sister . 
 `` i 'm doing great , more than great . '' 
 `` i recognise that cross . 
 where did you get it ? '' 
 veronica asked , taking the seat beside her and pulling thomas back into her lap . 
 guilt assailed prue . 
 what should she say ? 
 `` do you love james ? '' 
 prue asked her sister . 
 she saw veronica pause with baby thomas on her lap . 
 prue knew if the answer was yes then her world was going to be turned upside down . 
 she was in love with james and had been since the first moment she met him . 
 there was no one like him . 
 the way he took her and made her feel so much was addictive . 
 prue knew her life was with him . 
 `` i 've been wondering that myself . 
 he was different from what i was used to . 
 there is something about the way he can command a room by his presence alone . '' 
 veronica smiled . 
 `` no , i never loved james . 
 i thought i did . 
 he was just a bit of excitement before i met daniel . '' 
 prue took a deep breath and closed her eyes hoping her sister would n't hate her . 
 `` i 'm in love with james . '' 
 she 'd been practising the words for several weeks , and in the end she 'd blurted them out . 
 prue whacked her hand against her forehead . 
 she took a peek at her sister seeing what her reaction was . 
 veronica was smiling at her son on her lap . 
 `` say something , '' prue said . 
 `` what do you want me to say , prue ? 
 i knew you were in love with him five years ago . 
 i 've seen the way he looks at you . 
 he loves you as well . '' 
 prue shook her head . 
 they had n't talked about love . 
 `` how do you know he loves me ? '' 
 `` i 'm guessing that cross is his . '' 
 she fingered the silver cross around her neck . 
 `` yes , he 's told me to always wear it . '' 
 `` he would n't give anyone his necklace , prue . 
 he loves it , and that is his stamp of ownership . '' 
 `` you know about his connections , '' prue said , keeping as much to herself as possible . 
 `` i know enough about him , prue . 
 do you know enough ? '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 `` then all i ask is that you be careful . 
 james is a good man , but there has been a lot of danger around him lately . 
 please , take care of yourself . '' 
 prue nodded her head . 
 `` you 're not angry with me ? '' 
 `` never . 
 you 're in love , and i can appreciate that . 
 i know we have no control over who we love . '' 
 `` i love you , veronica . '' 
 prue hugged her sister as thomas glared at her . 
 she chuckled at her nephew . 
 for the rest of her visit veronica showed her pictures of trips away . 
 prue hugged thomas and enjoyed every second she spent with her sister . 
 on the way out , veronica reminded her she 'd need to take james to meet their parents . 
 prue groaned . 
 `` i 'll warn them , but they 're going to have a talk with you . '' 
 she nodded her head . 
 `` i better go and get ready . 
 james is taking me out tonight . 
 love you , sis , and see you soon . '' 
 **** james glanced down at the ring he 'd bought . 
 he knew he 'd gone overboard . 
 they 'd been together for three days , and he now owned a wedding ring . 
 closing the box he placed the ring on the desk in front of him . 
 he knew she was the one . 
 there was no need to fight his feelings . 
 she was what he wanted more than life itself . 
 the times they were apart were hard to get through . 
 even now he was itching to call her and to see how she was getting on with her sister . 
 give her time . 
 you 'll have her for the rest of your life . 
 there was a knock at his door . 
 `` come in , '' he said . 
 veronica walked in , rolling a pushchair as she approached . 
 she looked like she 'd been running . 
 `` i never expected to see you here , '' he said . 
 `` i would n't be here if i did n't think it was important . 
 `` what could be so important ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` prue came to see me . 
 you 're in love with her . '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 james waited for her to finish talking . 
 `` you 're not arguing with me ? '' 
 `` i have nothing to say . 
 my feelings for prudence do not affect you . 
 she is my world and if you 've hurt her - '' she held her hand up stopping him . 
 `` i 've given her my blessing . 
 i know you were never in love with me , james . 
 i did n't love you either . 
 she is more than happy with you , and i ca n't argue with love . '' 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i know you 're not safe . 
 that story coming out last year was evidence of that , james . 
 i love my sister . 
 please , do n't do anything to hurt her . '' 
 he ran his fingers through his hair , getting angry at her . 
 james would never do anything to hurt prudence . 
 she was his world , and he loved her . 
 grabbing the box that contained the ring , he slammed it down on the desk in front of her . 
 `` does this look like i 'll put her at risk ? '' 
 she picked up the box and opened it . 
 her gasp was all the evidence he needed that he 'd made the right choice . 
 `` you really do love her , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i 've bought her house and put the deeds in her name . 
 prudence will want for nothing . 
 if she does n't want me , i will make sure she is provided for . 
 that 's how much i love her . '' 
 `` she wo n't refuse you . 
 prue loves you . '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 james wanted to hear prudence say the words for herself . 
 `` i better leave you . '' 
 `` you 've done your sisterly duty , '' james said , mocking her . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm still her older sister . 
 i want to make sure she 's doing the right thing . '' 
 james watched her sister walk toward his office . 
 he waited for a few minutes and then pulled out the white envelope . 
 james began to open the white flap when his phone buzzed . 
 prudence 's face appeared on the screen . 
 he answered her call tucking the envelope into his jacket . 
 `` she is happy for me , sir . 
 veronica gave us her blessing . '' 
 he chuckled , leaving his office . 
 `` i 'm on my way to pick you up . 
 will you be ready ? '' 
 `` yes , i look forward to meeting your friends . '' 
 `` they 're not that much fun . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 've met my friends . 
 i think it is only fair that i get to meet yours . '' 
 `` i 'm leaving the club now . 
 i 'll be at yours in no time . '' 
 `` good , i look forward to it . '' 
 leo was on the door signing some paperwork as james walked out the door . 
 `` what 's up , boss ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking prudence out . 
 will you keep an eye on things for tonight ? 
 i wo n't be back . '' 
 `` sure , i 'm more than happy to look after things . '' 
 james nodded , climbing in the back of the taxi . 
 `` have you thought about my offer , arthur ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'd love the position you 're offering . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 i 'll have a car sent to you soon . '' 
 james settled down watching the city go by . 
 he 'd never been so happy before in his life . 
 the ring he intended to give her was in his pocket . 
 he 'd wait for the perfect time to ask her to be his wife . 
 they were moving fast ; he knew that , but he loved her . 
 he thought about the issues with dane and the human trafficking stuff that had come around with rebecca and lloyd black . 
 he shook his head . 
 those thoughts were not going to spoil his future . 
 james pulled out the envelope and opened it . 
 there were several pictures of a man inside . 
 there was no other information other than the images . 
 he did n't get it . 
 shaking his head , he figured veronica had sent him the wrong envelope . 
 when he got a chance he 'd ask her about them . 
 it was n't his first priority , and he placed the envelope back inside his pocket , forgetting about it . 
 chapter eighteen the house was bigger than james 's home , which she never thought was possible . 
 the driver remained quiet as james left the car and typed in the code for the gates to open . 
 when he got back inside she snuggled up close to him . 
 she was wearing the black dress she 'd worn for their date . 
 `` why do you all have secured gates and secret passwords ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because we 're awesome , '' he said . 
 she laughed , patting his knee . 
 the driveway was covered with trees and bushes . 
 `` did your parents get the idea from here ? '' 
 `` i think they did it at the same time . '' 
 his arm was wrapped around her giving her comfort . 
 `` it is cold out , arthur . 
 you may come in if you wish . '' 
 james helped her out of the back of the car . 
 he took her hand leading her through the front doors . 
 `` they 're expecting us . '' 
 she followed him inside keeping her coat closed around her . 
 there were many doors , and only a few men were lurking in the rooms . 
 `` it is very quiet , '' she said . 
 `` since the news , it has been very quiet . 
 some of the men have been scarce . '' 
 prue nodded her head following him down to the end room . 
 she saw the bar was littered with several more men . 
 a woman was singing at the end of the bar . 
 her voice filled the room with wonderful music . 
 james pulled her in front of him . 
 `` prudence , i 'd like you to meet stephen knox . '' 
 he stopped at a table , and she recognised the man james pointed to . 
 `` and his woman , ursula . '' 
 the woman stood up and offered her hand . 
 `` it is nice to see another woman among the group . 
 i was starting to get a little bored . 
 sorry , violet , you 're not the most talkative . '' 
 the other woman smiled at her . 
 `` no offense taken . '' 
 prue shook their hands , knowing she 'd at least get on with ursula . 
 `` these are cadeon , lucas , sean , tate and kevin . 
 that guy at the end whom you met at ravage is dane . '' 
 yes , she recognised the man who 'd startled her at the bar . 
 that night felt like a lifetime ago . 
 `` it is lovely to meet you all . '' 
 prue did n't need to be a genius to know they were all tense . 
 `` i 'm bored , '' ursula said . 
 `` come on , prue . 
 i 'll show you the rest of the house . '' 
 ursula took her hand . 
 violet followed behind them . 
 cadeon got up to go with them . 
 violet shook her head , kissing him before leaving . 
 once they were out of the room , ursula took a deep breath . 
 `` i thought i was going to suffocate in there . '' 
 she pulled a lollipop out of her pocket and then popped it into her mouth . 
 `` you have a sweet tooth ? '' 
 `` it helps with the nerves . 
 stephen has been behaving oddly just lately . 
 i do n't have a clue how to handle him half of the time . 
 i think it has to do with dane and those two upstairs , '' ursula said , pointing up the stairs . 
 prue remained quiet . 
 violet shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` cadeon is worried about the baby . '' 
 she rubbed her stomach . 
 `` it is more than that . 
 stephen does n't want me left alone . 
 he 's put extra security everywhere . 
 i do n't go anywhere in the first place . '' 
 she shook her head , taking them down to the basement . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 prue asked . 
 `` a training room . 
 tate was teaching me some moves , but that all ended . '' 
 they sat down on the exercise bench . 
 this was the first time prue had ever been in a training room getting to know other women . 
 `` do you love james ? '' 
 ursula asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i met him some time ago . 
 he was dating my sister . '' 
 `` ouch . 
 how did your sister take it ? '' 
 prue smiled . 
 `` she 's happy that i 'm happy . '' 
 `` i was stephen 's housecleaner . 
 violet worked for cadeon . '' 
 she smiled at violet . 
 `` i used to work in the same building . 
 i do n't know if you remember me . '' 
 violet shook her head . 
 `` sorry , i do n't . '' 
 they sat in silence . 
 `` i bet this is the strangest greeting you 've ever been to . '' 
 she smiled at the women . 
 it was the strangest night of her life . 
 `` i think things are going to get a whole lot worse . '' 
 `` ursula , she does n't need to know this . 
 he 's gone . '' 
 `` what is going on ? 
 does this have to do with that news report last year ? '' 
 prue asked . 
 violet glared at the other woman . 
 `` what has james told you ? '' 
 `` only about possession and ravage and where it comes into his life . '' 
 prue was beginning to feel there was a whole lot more to the problem . 
 james had n't told her everything . 
 `` this is not our place , '' violet said . 
 prue stared between the two women . 
 they seemed to be having a private conversation . 
 `` james would n't want you to tell her what he does n't feel is relevant . '' 
 another bout of silence and then ursula smiled at her . 
 `` it is nothing . 
 i 'm sure everything is fine . '' 
 prue smiled and stared around the room . 
 `` so , how are you finding james ? 
 is he as possessive as stephen is ? '' 
 ursula asked . 
 `` i do n't know about stephen , but i think james is possessive enough . '' 
 she chuckled , thinking about the way he had stopped the men from hassling her at the club when she first began going . 
 `` i know that look . 
 he must be pretty special . '' 
 `` he is , '' she agreed . 
 `` what about you , violet ? '' 
 `` cadeon is worried about the pregnancy . 
 he does n't like the thought of anything hurting me . '' 
 `` how is pregnancy ? '' 
 prue asked , thinking about james 's lack of thought with regards to protection . 
 `` good . 
 i 've suffered with morning sickness , but i 've been able to overcome it . 
 i think i 'm through the worst . '' 
 `` stephen and i are trying for a baby . 
 he wants things to settle down before we are parents . '' 
 ursula closed her mouth and stared past prue 's shoulder . 
 dane stood looking at them . 
 `` james is looking for you , '' he said . 
 she nodded her head , getting up from her seat . 
 `` stephen and cadeon want you both as well . '' 
 `` that 's our cue to leave . '' 
 they followed dane up the stairs . 
 james was waiting in the bar with the other men . 
 they all stood up to greet them the moment they entered . 
 it was such an old-fashioned action that prue paused . 
 james opened his arms , and she went into them willingly . 
 `` i apologise there is not a lot of entertainment . 
 i 'm hoping to have everything back into shape in no time . 
 you should bring her often , james , '' stephen said . 
 `` i will . 
 i 'm afraid we must be off . '' 
 james shook his friends ' hands . 
 prue gave them a smile before they were heading out the door once more . 
 **** the drive back was a tense affair . 
 james knew something had been said among the three women . 
 he stared at her as she looked out of the window . 
 arthur drove them back to his house , leaving them at the gate as he requested . 
 prudence did n't speak as they walked up the long drive to his house . 
 `` do you think we can get a car that we drive to and from the gate ? 
 these walks are going to ruin my shoes . '' 
 he pulled her close , kissing her head . 
 `` i 'll buy you more shoes . '' 
 the cold air surrounded them . 
 james looked up to the moon wondering why he had a really bad feeling in his gut . 
 he tightened his hold on prudence all the way to the front door . 
 when they were inside , he followed her up to their room . 
 he 'd come to view his bedroom as their room . 
 he liked her sleeping by his side . 
 they changed out of their clothes , and prudence put on one of his shirts . 
 it fell down to her knees . 
 she was brushing her hair , and he walked up behind her taking the brush . 
 `` tell me what is going on in that pretty mind of yours . '' 
 he glided the brush through her hair . 
 `` ursula and violet are worried about something . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you 're worried about it , too . '' 
 james stared at her through the reflection of the mirror . 
 `` please , tell me . 
 i do n't want to be kept in the dark . '' 
 he sighed , brushing out the strands of hair . 
 `` there is something going on . 
 i do n't know if it is over or just beginning , prudence . '' 
 she turned to him . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 tell me . '' 
 james took her hands leading her over to the bed . 
 `` i do n't know where to start . '' 
 `` start from the beginning . 
 this has nothing to do with possession or ravage , does it ? '' 
 `` no , not at all . 
 at least i do n't think it does . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 he took a deep breath keeping her hands in his . 
 `` it all started with violet . 
 she 's from england and came here trying to get away from a man . 
 her mother had been one of dominic green 's prostitutes , and violet had no choice but to run from him . '' 
 prudence gasped . 
 `` i recognise that name . 
 he 's dead , right ? 
 in some kind of a shootout ? '' 
 `` yeah , well over a year ago now . 
 violet was free when he died . 
 he saw his woman 's children as an income . 
 he 'd have put violet to work , and she 'd have been killed or something worse . '' 
 her hand pulled out of his covering her mouth . 
 `` i know this is awful , so if you want me to stop then tell me . '' 
 he caught her shoulders in his arms and pulled her close . 
 `` it is just awful to think of that kind woman at a monster 's mercy . '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 `` then , after some time , stephen and i kept getting warnings about our club and our women . 
 he was only just starting to date ursula . 
 the threats continued , and before we knew what was happening , eugene black had hired ursula 's ex-boyfriend to arrange rebecca 's beating . 
 she was his step-mother . 
 rebecca and lucas 's sister , isabella , ended up in the hospital . 
 isabella was one of green 's girls , we think . 
 she 's not been very talkative to anyone since she came out of the hospital . 
 we believe that dominic green was working for someone else , and we think that it was not just prostitution but human trafficking . 
 they were taking women off the street and selling them like they were meat . '' 
 james was silent as he stared past her shoulder . 
 `` you do n't think this is over ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know what to believe . 
 i 've had this feeling for some time . '' 
 `` what kind of feeling ? '' 
 `` that something bad is going to happen . 
 there is something we 've overlooked . '' 
 `` what does dane have to do with it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 closing his eyes , he thought of the big guy around prudence . 
 she was so sweet . 
 he could n't handle the thought of another man touching her . 
 `` he worked for dominic green . 
 a year ago he made a deal to help the fbi with their investigation , but as a requirement they released him into lucas and sean 's custody or to stay at possession . '' 
 `` he 's dangerous ? '' 
 `` yes , he 's killed people . 
 i do n't want him around you . '' 
 james took her hands kissing her knuckles . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do if anything happened to you . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` you 'd do everything in your power to find me . 
 i know you , sir . 
 you would n't let anyone take what is yours . '' 
 james pulled her close resting her head against his chest . 
 the thought of losing her was top in his mind . 
 he would n't let it happen . 
 she meant everything to him . 
 `` the good news of today is veronica gave us her blessing . 
 she did n't seem bothered with me being with you . 
 i was worried in case you and she still had something going . '' 
 james held her , closing his eyes . 
 `` i never slept with your sister , '' james said , staring at the opposite wall . 
 prudence tried to lift her head . 
 `` no , i want to hold you . '' 
 `` but ? 
 what ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 you were both dating , and that is what usually happens between couples who are dating . '' 
 `` i 've never taken your sister to my bed or trained her as my sub . 
 i thought she was the one , but i now know differently . 
 you 're the one , prudence . 
 always have been and always will be . '' 
 he stroked her hair loving the way the strands glided through his fingers . 
 `` i thought you should know . '' 
 `` i 'm so pleased you told me . 
 i thought you 'd been together , and it did n't bother me . 
 knowing you did n't sleep together is a huge relief . '' 
 james loosened his hold for her to look at him . 
 he stared down into her blue eyes and was swept by how much he loved her . 
 rubbing a thumb over her lip , he leaned down and claimed her lips . 
 her moans filled his mind making him want her more . 
 her eyes were closed as he pulled away . 
 `` do you want to take me into your playroom ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 i want to keep you in my bed and make love to you for the rest of the night . '' 
 chapter nineteen prue opened her eyes and saw the intense way he was looking at her . 
 his eyes were almost black , and the intent in his eyes was crystal clear to her . 
 one of his hands slid down her body going past her breast to the edge of the night shirt she wore . 
 she was wearing one of james 's old shirts . 
 the scent of him surrounded her , which comforted her in the middle of the night . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he lifted the shirt she wore up and over her head . 
 `` i 'm going to get you naked , and then i 'm going to make love to every square inch of this body . '' 
 she climbed onto the bed waiting for him to join her . 
 her gaze roamed over him as he removed his clothing . 
 his body was hard and muscled with not an ounce of fat on him . 
 `` you better be ready for me , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm always ready for you , sir . 
 always . '' 
 he knelt on the end of the bed and began crawling up the bed putting an arm on either side of her body as he made his way to her . 
 she lay back feeling one of his hands caressing the side of her body down to her thigh . 
 `` you 're incredibly beautiful , '' he said . 
 his compliments made her smile . 
 there was no mistaking his loving gaze as he swept the length of her body . 
 `` i want you so much . '' 
 prue wrapped her arms around his neck , reeling him in . 
 `` then take it . '' 
 james slammed his lips down on her as he roughly pulled her legs apart . 
 she cried out when he plunged two fingers inside her pu ** y. prue felt him opening his fingers inside her , preparing her pu ** y to take his large shaft . 
 she cried out as a third finger was added . 
 `` you 're so tight and hot . 
 you want my c ** k do n't you , prue ? '' 
 `` yes , i want you to f ** k me . 
 to claim me and make me yours . '' 
 james growled , and the sound vibrated through her body . 
 `` i ca n't wait . 
 i need you now . '' 
 his fingers were gone , and then the head of his c ** k pressed to her entrance . 
 `` i want you to look at me . 
 i need to see your eyes when i come inside you . '' 
 prue stared into his dark depths . 
 her heart pounded inside her chest . 
 the love she felt for him consumed her with its ferocity . 
 `` i love you , james , '' she said . 
 `` you 're my everything , prudence . 
 i 'm so in love with you that i ca n't even think straight . '' 
 he thrust inside her up to the hilt . 
 she clawed at his back , the passion she felt overtaking everything she knew . 
 `` i love you , '' she said , screaming his name . 
 her heart felt like it was going to burst from her chest . 
 he loved her . 
 she pushed up to meet him taking everything he had to offer and more . 
 james sank his fingers into the strands of her hair , ravishing her lips as he f ** ked her pu ** y. his other hand cupped her thigh in his palm and lifted her leg over his waist . 
 `` so f ** king tight , '' he said , thrusting into her in between each word . 
 `` harder . '' 
 she scored his back with her nails . 
 james turned suddenly bringing her over him . 
 `` your turn to ride me . '' 
 he cupped her tits in his palm , thumbing her ni ** les . 
 prue stared down at him , lifting her body off his c ** k and then slamming back down . 
 they both cried out . 
 `` i want to watch you take my cock . '' 
 his gaze lingered between her thighs . 
 she made sure to lift her body up off him without hindering his view . 
 `` you 're so wet . '' 
 she eased down his length , taking her time and letting him see every inch of him disappearing inside her . 
 he slapped her ass making her yelp . 
 the burn of his punishment made her thrust down on him with such force that it made her br ** sts bounce . 
 james slapped her ass again and again until she was riding him in a hard and fast pace . 
 sweat covered both of their bodies . 
 the heat was building between them . 
 she watched him lick his two fingers and then begin to tease her clit . 
 the position she was in left her wide open for his touch . 
 she whimpered feeling her body crashing through her orgasm from the few strokes of his fingers . 
 `` i 've got you , baby . 
 come for me . 
 let me feel you tighten that sweet cunt around my dick . '' 
 prue cl ** axed . 
 her release shook her to the very core . 
 he turned her onto her back with him underneath her . 
 her cl ** ax slowly ebbed away . 
 james pushed the strands of hair off her brow and kissed her lips . 
 the tenderness brought tears to her eyes . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , too . 
 so much . '' 
 james leaned down , capturing her lips again and again . 
 prue finally felt like she 'd gone home . 
 her life was with james . 
 her whole world was centred around him . 
 `` you 're so beautiful . '' 
 she smiled . 
 no words could describe her feelings for him . 
 they were wrapped around each other . 
 his shaft pulsed deep inside her . 
 they were connected in the most primal way she knew . 
 her heart pounded inside her chest looking at him . 
 james eased out of her pu ** y slowly , then pushed back inside . 
 she felt all of him thrusting past the muscles of her pu ** y . 
 he was thick and taking his time with her . 
 prue closed her eyes loving the feel of him surround her . 
 `` no one else , '' he said , taking her hands in his and pressing them down onto the bed . 
 she opened her legs wider as he took her to heaven with his body . 
 james used all of his strength to make her feel so much pleasure . 
 she never knew how amazing it could feel between them . 
 the love bursting between them sent james and prue over the edge . 
 her cl ** ax startled her in its intensity . 
 she felt his c ** k clench inside her then the spurt of his seed . 
 no fear swamped her . 
 she knew there was a bigger chance of her getting pregnant , but she felt complete and total contentment . 
 he collapsed on top of her . 
 `` i own you now , '' he said on a whisper against her ear . 
 his words made her feel loved . 
 out of all the women who 'd thrown themselves at james , he 'd chosen her . 
 she smiled , running her hands over his back . 
 nothing could kill her feelings for him . 
 if james was around , nothing would ever happen to her . 
 **** several days later james stared at all the men in his sitting room . 
 he glanced at the clock hoping prudence had made it to her sister 's safely . 
 cadeon looked like a lost man while stephen kept glancing around him . 
 tate and kevin had n't said a word , but their anger was clear . 
 sean and lucas were staring out of his window over the grounds . 
 `` this is a nice place you 've got here , '' lucas said . 
 `` cut the crap . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 `` is it safe here ? '' 
 stephen asked . 
 `` yes . 
 no bugs or cameras , '' sean said . 
 stephen pulled out a small laptop from his case and opened up the device . 
 the screen fired up , and on the screen were dane , rebecca , and isabella . 
 `` you installed cameras into their room ? '' 
 james asked , outraged on behalf of the women . 
 his friend stopped the recording and stared at him . 
 `` i asked tate to install one when i saw dane leaving their room . 
 i thought it was suspicious how three people who had no knowledge of each other were suddenly sneaking around together . '' 
 `` i did n't want to do it , but when i saw the evidence with my own eyes , i knew it had to be done . '' 
 tate stood up . 
 he looked nervous . 
 `` when they went down for breakfast i installed the cameras and made sure they were all up and running . '' 
 `` dane has been logging into our security mains and sending emails about someone . 
 he was also wiring money into a secured bank account . 
 those days he disappeared he was at the bank withdrawing money , '' kevin said . 
 james frowned then watched the three on screen . 
 the women looked terrified but not of dane . 
 if anything , they found a lot of comfort in dane 's presence . 
 he 'd never seen rebecca talk so much . 
 the woman looked different from the broken woman he 'd seen in the hospital a year ago . 
 when the footage was finished james waited . 
 no one spoke . 
 `` dane is trying to buy a woman back ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` we do n't know who she is , but did you listen to all of it ? '' 
 stephen asked . 
 `` after i watched this i went looking . 
 our parents died of natural causes or so it seems . 
 what if they were poisoned or killed . '' 
 `` stephen , you 're opening up too much speculation . '' 
 `` it all fits . 
 that paperwork i was going through , there were women who are unaccounted for . '' 
 james paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the last twenty years there have been women who have been employed or whose boyfriends have been members . 
 their names are marked down in log records . 
 they 've never been seen again . 
 i did some cross checking on my computer . 
 you 're not going to like the answer , '' stephen said . 
 `` never been found ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` or a known prostitute linked to dominic green . 
 these records , the paperwork implicate us . 
 dane is right with what happened to isabella . 
 sean and lucas could be implicated . 
 there are too many coincidences to explain . 
 lloyd black ? 
 eugene ? 
 even down to us taking dane in , not to mention the raid that killed f ** king dominic green . '' 
 james sat down as all the revelations rolled through his mind . 
 `` that is why lloyd has not been fighting for parole . '' 
 `` if we 're the ones implicated and face conviction , with us out of the picture and rebecca unprotected the charges could be dropped . 
 he 'd walk free . '' 
 james ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` this is not possible , '' he said . 
 sean cursed . 
 `` of course it is f ** king possible . 
 we 've been in the news for the past year . 
 what better way than to link our name to human trafficking ? 
 the case would be huge . 
 could you even imagine the hype surrounding well-to-do businessmen when it becomes common knowledge about their underhand deals ? 
 they 'd explain the two clubs and how they are a cover to steal innocent girls away . 
 it is the perfect cover to get away with it . 
 whoever is running this is a lot brighter than dominic green . '' 
 sean had his hands on his hips . 
 the anger vibrated out of him . 
 `` why do you think it is someone else who is in play here ? '' 
 cadeon asked . 
 the man looked like he 'd aged twenty years in the last conversation . 
 `` because someone is sending dane those emails , someone who has him on a wild goose chase . 
 whoever it is knows us . 
 they know who lloyd is and our lives . '' 
 `` i ca n't let this happen . 
 violet is suffering through the pregnancy . 
 if i 'm taken out of the picture she wo n't survive . 
 i ca n't do this , '' cadeon said . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 stephen asked . 
 `` that if i have to i 'm running . 
 violet is my world . 
 i 'm not going down for this . '' 
 cadeon was close to tears . 
 `` we have other options , '' lucas said . 
 he 'd been the quietest of all the men . 
 `` what ? 
 wait for this bastard to make his move . 
 i 've got a wife and kid on the way . 
 i ca n't wait to be arrested and trying to fight a crime i did n't f ** king commit . '' 
 lucas waited for cadeon to finish . 
 `` whoever this guy is , he has n't made his move . 
 we can be implicated and put out of the picture , so why has n't he done it ? '' 
 all of them looked at one another . 
 `` he wants something . '' 
 `` you do n't know that , lucas . 
 he 's playing with us . '' 
 `` with all due respect , cadeon , you 've never dealt with a man like this . 
 i have . 
 i 've been in the force , and i was tracking green for years . 
 i know these men . 
 this guy is smart . 
 he wants something from us . 
 it will probably be the one thing that will break the whole case , and we just have n't found it . '' 
 cadeon burst out laughing . 
 `` great , our whole life is based on us finding some piece of evidence that does n't implicate us but keeps the bad guy locked up . '' 
 `` i know it is not the best news , but at the moment it is all we 've got . '' 
 james stared at the laptop . 
 the coil of fear built in his gut . 
 he did n't like this at all . 
 they were all in danger . 
 he needed to get prudence . 
 `` if we 're done here then i think it is time for you to leave . '' 
 `` we need to discuss what we 're going to do , '' stephen said . 
 `` no . 
 i need to get my woman from her sister 's . 
 what we need to do is talk to that f ** king bastard who used us . 
 i want this shit out of our life , stephen . 
 i did n't sign up for being a saviour . 
 i 'm happy being the guy who runs my club and is in the background of business . 
 this is not my business . 
 it does not concern me . '' 
 james walked over and slammed the laptop down . 
 `` you ca n't turn your back on us like this . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm turning my back on the stuff that gets people killed . 
 this is not some action movie where everyone goes home the victor , stephen . 
 people end up dead and not always the bad guy . 
 if you want to exhume our parents then do it . 
 i want no part of it . '' 
 james walked out of the sitting room and went into his office to collapse on the chair . 
 when he heard all of them leave , he got up and made the call to arthur to pick him up . 
 chapter twenty over the next few days james would n't let prudence out of his sight . 
 he spent every waking moment with her . 
 when he had to go to the club , he took her with him . 
 she stayed in his office reading a book or listening to music as he worked . 
 he knew she wanted to help jermaine , but he refused . 
 the only way he could guarantee her safety was if she were by his side . 
 none of the guys talked to him , and he was more than happy with the arrangement . 
 they were his friends , and he cared about them . 
 still , prudence was his whole world , and he knew what cadeon meant . 
 if a choice came , he 'd take prudence and run like hell . 
 `` you look tired , '' she said , wrapping her arms around him . 
 he sat in his office chair . 
 it was late in the afternoon , only a couple of hours before ravage would open . 
 jermaine was filling the bar while leo manned the door . 
 `` i 've got a lot on my mind . '' 
 `` i 'm here for you , sir . 
 you know that . '' 
 he kissed her hands loving the way they felt wrapped around him . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` i 'm never going to get tired of hearing that . '' 
 `` you better not . '' 
 `` i never thought we 'd be like this . '' 
 he turned and pulled her into his lap . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` together . 
 loving each other . 
 i used to dream about us at night . 
 what it would be like . 
 i wondered how it would feel if you ever told me you loved me . '' 
 `` does it live up to your expectations ? '' 
 he asked , nibbling her neck . 
 `` it 's so much better than what i imagined . 
 you 've made me the happiest woman in the world . '' 
 james smiled . 
 when prudence was in his arms , he was the happiest man in the world . 
 she completed him unlike anything he 'd ever known . 
 he was about to pull the ring out of his pocket when his cell phoned buzzed . 
 james glared at the device and wondered if he should just turn it off and go back to proposing to his woman . 
 `` you better get that . 
 it could be important , '' she said , easing off his lap . 
 prudence went back to lying across the sofa . 
 he kept his gaze on her as he answered his phone . 
 `` this had better be good . '' 
 `` you 're needed here , james . 
 it is necessary that you come . 
 come alone , '' cadeon said . 
 james rolled his eyes staring at the clock . 
 `` fine , i 'll be there . '' 
 he closed his phone . 
 `` trouble in paradise ? '' 
 she asked , looking over her shoulder at him . 
 `` yes . 
 do you want me to drop you off at the house ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are you coming back here ? '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 `` i have stuff to do . '' 
 `` then i 'll wait here until you get back . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 james leaned down to kiss her . 
 `` i love you . 
 i 've got something important to ask you when i get back . '' 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 he kissed her again , grabbed his coat , and made his way out of the office . 
 `` enjoy your book , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd rather be enjoying you . '' 
 he laughed and moved out of the office . 
 `` i 'm going to be gone for a little while , leo . 
 can you hold everything down ? 
 prudence is in my office . 
 please , keep an eye on her . 
 i 'd take her with me , but i think it is best she stay here . '' 
 his gut was screaming for him to take her with him . 
 leo nodded his head . 
 `` sure thing , boss . '' 
 james nodded his head then moved towards the car where arthur was waiting . 
 `` take me to possession , please . '' 
 `` certainly , sir . '' 
 he tapped his knee on the drive over . 
 his thoughts constantly turned to prudence . 
 he should n't have left her . 
 whatever they had to say here should be heard by her . 
 she was part of him now . 
 the moment the gates came into view , he got arthur to drive close for him to type in the security code . 
 he was getting agitated with each minute that passed . 
 before arthur parked the car , he was out and heading inside the club . 
 the place looked abandoned . 
 james made his way down to the main bar . 
 possession was completely empty , and it was the first time he 'd seen it like that . 
 he fingered the box he had in his pocket wondering what prue would say when he asked her to marry him . 
 he 'd been about to ask her when that blasted call interrupted him . 
 the sound of shouting came from stephen 's office . 
 he turned and headed back in that direction . 
 he walked into the office and saw rebecca , isabella , and dane shouting . 
 his friends had surrounded the trio . 
 james put both hands in his pocket and felt the envelope he 'd put in there several days ago . 
 the sound of rustling stopped the argument in progress . 
 `` james , what are you doing here ? '' 
 cadeon asked . 
 he looked up . 
 `` what do you mean , what am i doing here ? 
 you told me i needed to come here and to come alone . '' 
 `` no , i did n't , '' cadeon said . 
 `` i got your call . '' 
 james frowned . 
 he had n't given the call much thought . 
 the call identity had recognised cadeon 's phone , and he 'd assumed the other man was the caller . 
 he 'd been distracted . 
 cadeon pulled his cell phone out of his pocket . 
 `` i 've not made a call . '' 
 they were all looking at each other . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 dane asked . 
 the envelope he 'd opened the other day , and the pictures it contained , fell out of his pocket . 
 he bent down , picking them up . 
 dane moved over to him and snatched the picture from his hand , handing it to the two women . 
 they gasped covering their mouths with their hands . 
 `` oh no . 
 he 's found us , '' isabella said . 
 james still did n't recognise the man in the picture . 
 `` i ca n't believe it is him , '' isabella said . 
 everyone was frozen to the spot . 
 the picture made the rounds throughout the room . 
 lucas recognised him as did sean . 
 `` what the f ** k is going on ? '' 
 james asked . 
 isabella and rebecca looked like they 'd seen a ghost . 
 dane took the picture and stared at it . 
 `` i 've seen him recently , '' he said , staring at james . 
 `` why are you looking at me ? 
 i 've never seen this man before in my life , '' james turned to the women . 
 they 'd lost all of their colour , and the fear on their faces was obvious . 
 `` he 's going to kill us . '' 
 `` could someone please tell us what is going on ? '' 
 cadeon asked . 
 `` i do n't see what the problem is . '' 
 `` that man is very dangerous . 
 i 've only seen him once or twice , personally . 
 it was why i did n't recognise him at the club the last time i was there , '' dane said . 
 `` that man is daren robinson . 
 he 's the right hand man to dominic green 's boss , and he 's currently your f ** king doorman . '' 
 james took the photo from him . 
 he did n't know why veronica had it , but he was going to f ** king find out . 
 staring at the picture he saw the resemblance to leo . 
 `` this man is leo . 
 he 's a well respected man and hard worker . '' 
 `` he 's a murderer just like me . 
 i have one or two to my name . 
 he has f ** king hundreds of kills to his name . 
 that man is the one who does all the leg-work for the main man . 
 no one has seen the big boss . 
 when he turns up , no one is left alive , '' dane said . 
 james squared up to him , staring at the other man . 
 `` how did you not recognise him before ? '' 
 `` he 's had plastic surgery done . 
 i swear to you , james , that man is daren robinson . 
 his build and everything are the same . 
 i do n't know why he 's here . '' 
 `` he 's been watching us this entire time , '' cadeon said . 
 watching ? 
 watching ? 
 james charged out of the room . 
 `` james , where are you going ? '' 
 stephen shouted . 
 he heard them following him . 
 arthur was leaning up against the car smoking a cigarette . 
 the moment he saw james , he got into the car and started the engine up . 
 he turned to the men . 
 `` he 's got prudence . 
 i asked him to watch her . 
 i ca n't believe i was so f ** king stupid . '' 
 james kicked the car then opened the door . 
 `` drive as fast as you can . 
 i do n't give a f ** k what happens . 
 you get to ravage now . '' 
 he dialled his office number and waited for her to answer . 
 `` pick up , pick up , pick up . '' 
 james looked out of the rear view window to see several cars following him . 
 he knew his friends were right behind him . 
 the call ended with his voice asking the person to leave a message . 
 he cursed his own actions . 
 he 'd messed up and left prudence with a worse criminal than dane . 
 **** prue stretched her arms above her head . 
 she must have fallen asleep . 
 the book she 'd been reading lay across her chest . 
 her mouth had a horrible taste . 
 letting out a groan , she turned and sat up . 
 she must have been asleep for a few minutes . 
 her head was groggy . 
 she stood up and made her way out of james 's office . 
 the whole club was silent . 
 it was eerie , and she moved toward the bar . 
 jermaine was no longer there . 
 she rubbed her arms wondering where everyone had gone . 
 james had said he 'd be back before she knew it . 
 she glanced at the clock and saw it had n't been that long since he left . 
 her heart hammered inside her chest at the deathly quiet of the club . 
 everywhere she looked sparkled from the deep clean that james demanded from the cleaners he employed . 
 `` jermaine ? 
 are you here ? 
 hello ? '' 
 she called out hoping for someone to answer her . 
 prue turned around to stare at the bar . 
 no one was around . 
 she was starting to panic . 
 the club was huge , and she 'd always been there when someone else was close by . 
 she walked backwards into a solid body . 
 prue turned to see leo standing there . 
 `` leo , you scared me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i thought everyone had gone . '' 
 he stared at her . 
 she smiled at him and gestured around her at the club . 
 `` i 've never seen the club so dead before . 
 has james been in touch ? 
 i said i 'd wait here , but i think it would be best if i went home . '' 
 she placed a hand to her rapidly beating heart hoping to calm her nerves . 
 `` no , he has n't phoned . '' 
 leo was watching her . 
 his arms were folded , and she got the feeling he was waiting for something . 
 `` why did n't you tell him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` why did n't you tell james about the phone calls ? '' 
 there was a gleam in his eyes . 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 he laughed , shaking his head . 
 when he leaned closer to her , she pulled back . 
 leo grabbed her by the shoulders tugging her roughly against him . 
 he leaned close to her ear , and that is when she heard it . 
 the heavy breathing . 
 `` that was you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 a chuckle escaped him . 
 prue tried to break free from his hold . 
 `` let go of me . '' 
 `` i think you 're my answer . 
 you see , i 've known james for some time now , and he 's never cared about anyone the way he does you . 
 i 've worked for him for a year , but before then i had other people in place to watch him . 
 not one woman appeared on the radar . 
 not even a guy to use against him . 
 yeah , i think this will work . '' 
 `` let her go , '' jermaine said . 
 they turned to see jermaine at the front of the door . 
 `` i thought i told you to leave . '' 
 `` james is on his way . 
 i wondered why you let me go . '' 
 leo turned her so she was facing the other man . 
 he continued to breathe in her ear repulsing her with the sound . 
 she felt him shaking his head . 
 `` i tried to spare you , mate . 
 this was nothing personal . '' 
 the american accent was gone . 
 she heard the distinct sound of his british tones . 
 one of his hands released her . 
 prue did n't know what happened next , but he was pointing a gun at jermaine . 
 `` no hard feelings . 
 this is just business . '' 
 prue screamed as the gun was fired . 
 she saw jermaine cover his chest and fall to the floor . 
 fighting with all of her might , prue failed to get away from leo . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 she kicked her arms and legs out at him . 
 `` let me go . 
 let me go . '' 
 leo fisted her hair and forced her to be still . 
 not able to stop the moan , prue stared up at the man she thought was a friend . 
 `` i wonder how much james loves you . '' 
 `` let me go . 
 please , i have n't done anything to you . '' 
 `` no . 
 you have n't , babe . 
 you 're a means to an end . '' 
 `` james will do anything you want . '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 he pulled out his cell phone . 
 `` i 'm done messing around . 
 bring the car around . 
 the alleyway is best . '' 
 he forced her to move towards the side exit . 
 she was fighting harder than she ever had before . 
 leo backhanded her then picked her up over his shoulder . 
 he grunted from her weight . 
 the fight left her as darkness claimed her . 
 ***** daren robinson held her over his shoulder and dumped her in the back of the car . 
 her pretty face would be marked from his hand . 
 he did n't care . 
 for the last few years his boss had relied on several pathetic men to get the job done . 
 daren knew he should have done this job in the first place . 
 dominic green had been f ** king stupid . 
 the little bitch he 'd been after cost had daren and his boss one of the best workers . 
 then eugene thought he could take over . 
 the moment he left the job to others , they 'd come back with their tails between their legs . 
 working for the past year as james 's doorman had given daren everything he needed . 
 he was done playing kids ' games . 
 the woman lay in the front seat . 
 he pulled prue 's cell phone from her pocket and grabbed the woman . 
 she whimpered and tried to pull away from him . 
 he walked back inside ravage . 
 jermaine was coughing and trying to move toward the door . 
 he crouched down over him . 
 daren had liked the f ** ker and wished he had n't needed to shoot him . 
 `` you should have left when i told you to . 
 this has nothing to do with you . '' 
 `` we were friends , '' jermaine said . 
 daren grabbed the woman around the waist and tugged her down to his side to stop her from escaping . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my friend . '' 
 he looked at the damage he 'd done . 
 there was little to no help for the man . 
 he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` you 'll be dead soon . '' 
 getting up from his seat , he tugged her into the centre . 
 `` lie down . '' 
 she was shaking and not moving fast enough . 
 daren pushed her to the floor then gave her the mobile . 
 she took the device with shaking hands . 
 he tugged her hair relishing the squeal she released . 
 `` make sure james gets this . 
 if you fail me , i 'll be back to end you . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 i 'll do it . '' 
 nodding his head , he moved out of the club and climbed into the car . 
 daren looked down at the sleeping woman in the back of his car . 
 she was his key , and he 'd use her however he pleased . 
 `` get me back to england . 
 this place has bored me , '' he said . 
 chapter twenty-one james charged through the entrance of ravage . 
 his heart was pounding inside his chest . 
 he refused to believe anything could happen to prudence . 
 she was perfect . 
 no one would hurt her . 
 he could n't believe leo had been the person ruining everything . 
 it was too hard to believe . 
 the man he 'd hired and had started to feel was a friend was one of the men he should be running from . 
 jermaine was on the floor . 
 blood covered the floor and his shirt . 
 he reached his hand out to james . 
 `` i ... tried ... to ... stop ... him . '' 
 jermaine coughed . 
 james went to the other man . 
 jermaine was cold to the touch . 
 `` i 'm ... sorry ... for ... failing ... you . 
 he ... took ... her . 
 prue ... '' `` do n't talk . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 the others came through the front door as jermaine took his last breath . 
 james felt the tears fill his eyes . 
 getting to his feet he walked into the main part of the club with his friends following behind him . 
 he stared around the club looking for any clue . 
 the sound of whimpering drew his attention to the floor . 
 there on the dance floor was a crumpled body of a woman . 
 from the hair , james knew it was n't prudence . 
 the woman lay on the floor clutching a cell phone . 
 it was prudence 's cell phone . 
 dane charged past him pulling the woman into his arms . 
 the woman pulled away from him , scurrying out of his hold . 
 `` stay away from me , '' she said , yelling at dane . 
 james saw the other man 's face pale . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , mary . '' 
 she pulled away from him . 
 `` i 've been told to give this to james . '' 
 james moved forward and took the phone from her shaking grip . 
 the moment he touched the phone it began to ring . 
 mary went back to the floor rocking as she did . 
 he clicked the phone to receive the call and pressed the cell to his ear . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hey , boss , how is life treating you ? '' 
 leo asked . 
 `` leo , what are you doing ? 
 or should i say daren ? '' 
 `` ah , so you put two and two together . 
 i wondered how long it would take for you to figure out what i 'd done . 
 i have to say it took you long enough . '' 
 `` listen to me you bastard - '' james began to shout down the line feeling all the anger and aggression consume him . 
 his hands were shaking , and his heart felt like it was being torn from his body . 
 `` no , please , let me go , please ! '' 
 prue 's screams came over the line , frightening him to death . 
 `` do you hear what i can do ? '' 
 daren asked . 
 another scream came down the line . 
 `` i suggest you stop giving me orders . 
 i would hate for prue to be lost somewhere . '' 
 she screamed , and james yelled for him to stop . 
 `` do n't hurt her . 
 i 'll do anything . 
 just do n't hurt her . '' 
 he was losing his mind from the torture . 
 `` good . 
 now , i 've simply made an exchange . 
 dane and mary will bring you up to speed . 
 i was going to take the money , but i think prue will get me what i want . 
 he asked for mary 's safe return . 
 i prefer to make an exchange , and i knew the feds would be following him . 
 prue is simply a means to an end , '' leo said . 
 james heard her whimpering over the line . 
 `` you made a mistake bringing her into your life . '' 
 `` do n't hurt her . 
 i will pay anything . '' 
 `` your money is shit , james . 
 i 've got more than enough money to last me a lifetime . 
 what i want is all the evidence . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you have evidence that can be used . 
 you will come to england , alone , and we 'll make the exchange . 
 prue for the file i 'm looking for . '' 
 james stared at lucas . 
 the other man signalled for him to keep leo talking . 
 `` if you 're really the right-hand man to the boss then why are you here and not one of the lower minions ? '' 
 james asked . 
 his heart raced . 
 `` i 'll humor you this once , james . 
 dominic got killed . 
 eugene got killed , and lloyd is rotting in some prison . 
 ask dane . 
 i get the job done and rarely leave someone alive to tell the tale . 
 you 're lucky , james . 
 i could have killed everyone you 've ever loved . 
 i 'm doing you a favour . 
 there will be plenty more women like prue out there . 
 she 's really not that big of a deal . 
 i suggest you do n't try and f ** k with me . 
 i do my own work , and i remain the best . 
 no one , not even your f ** king army guys lucas and sean , can beat me . 
 i 'm the best . '' 
 james knew there was no getting through to him . 
 the man on the other line had fooled everyone , even dane . 
 `` how do i call you ? 
 i want to make sure she is okay . '' 
 `` prue will be well looked after , james . 
 i suggest you hurry . 
 i 'll give you a month . 
 if i do n't get my file in the next month , prue goes up for auction , and she 'll be lost . '' 
 the cell died . 
 james threw it to the ground and slammed dane into the wall . 
 `` he 's got prudence because of you . '' 
 his hand tightened around the other man 's throat . 
 the desire to end him was too intense . 
 he saw dane going pale , his arms fighting for him to let go . 
 `` james , stop . '' 
 cadeon , stephen , and lucas pulled him away . 
 `` he 's got prudence . 
 if i do n't get evidence to him , he 's going to put her up for auction . 
 you better start talking . '' 
 `` i do n't have any evidence , '' dane said , coughing as he took in air . 
 james felt his hands shaking . 
 prudence was in danger . 
 he 'd failed her , and she was lost . 
 `` i ca n't think , '' james said . 
 blood was on his hands . 
 he grabbed the nearest chair and threw it over the bar to crash into the bottles containing the alcohol . 
 he screamed , destroying everything in his path . 
 stephen grabbed his arms throwing him to the floor . 
 `` stop , james . 
 you need to stop . 
 this is not good for her . 
 you need to focus . '' 
 the tears fell from his eyes . 
 james collapsed onto the floor . 
 his agony was coming out of his mouth in the screams and sobs . 
 `` i promised to protect her . 
 i failed her . '' 
 `` it is not over yet , james . 
 we can do this . 
 we just need to think . '' 
 `` he needs evidence , stephen . 
 i do n't have that . '' 
 `` who gave you the picture ? '' 
 dane asked . 
 james stared the man . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` who gave you the picture of him ? '' 
 veronica . 
 `` i know where to look . 
 please , let me go . '' 
 stephen pulled off him giving him the space he needed . 
 james took several deep breaths and stood . 
 `` who gave you the pictures ? '' 
 stephen asked . 
 `` veronica star . 
 my ex and prudence 's older sister . '' 
 **** prue opened her eyes . 
 the sun was shining through the window , and she frowned . 
 her head was pounding , and it hurt to open her eyes . 
 all at once her memories started rushing to her . 
 jermaine , leo , and the gun shot . 
 the phone call that he had made to james . 
 she held her head trying to bring focus to her world . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 if leo was only the right-hand man , what was his boss like ? 
 prue shuddered at the thought . 
 she reached down to touch her cross and felt an empty space . 
 leo had taken her necklace away . 
 getting to her feet , she stumbled to the door . 
 she saw her reflection in the mirror . 
 her face was bruised over one side . 
 her eye was swollen shut , and it looked like she had a split lip . 
 opening her door , she began walking towards a door . 
 there was no sound she recognised . 
 at the end of the hall she opened the door and crashed into a rail . 
 prue looked over the edge to see the ocean . 
 she was on a boat . 
 `` so she has finally woken up . 
 i thought i 'd killed you for a second there , '' leo said . 
 turning away from him , she tried to get away . 
 she ran for the end of the boat and looked over the ledge . 
 if she jumped in she would n't get very far . 
 would death be more welcoming than leo ? 
 his hands came on either side of her . 
 his heavy breathing was close to her ear . 
 she cried out wanting to get away from him . 
 `` are you thinking of jumping ? '' 
 he asked . 
 refusing to talk , she tensed up looking for a way out . 
 `` i dare you to jump . 
 you would n't get very far . 
 i think there are sharks in these waters . 
 you 'd be tasty for a few minutes . '' 
 she looked down into the water wondering how bad it would be . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her throat was dry , and the sound came out in a croak . 
 `` you 're a means to an end . '' 
 he caught her arms in his hands and pulled her away . 
 prue did n't fight him . 
 `` now , you 're going to be a good girl , and everything will be good for you . 
 i 'll get what i want , and you 'll be able to go back to your man . '' 
 leo sat her down at the table then sat in the seat opposite her . 
 the table held fruit and orange juice . 
 her stomach growled . 
 the other two men at the table chuckled . 
 `` what if i do n't behave ? '' 
 `` then i 'll have you up for auction in a heartbeat . 
 you 're a pretty girl , and i 'll get decent money for you . 
 make no mistake , prue , i will make your life hell . '' 
 she stared around at the ocean . 
 there was no escape . 
 please , james . 
 come and get me . 
 the end of part one 
