 chapter one mary watched as another of her pack was slaughtered by the intruder . 
 the silver chains around her wrists , ankles , and neck stopped her from doing anything . 
 her alpha and his queen had already been killed in the invasion . 
 she was originally from the city , but every month around the time of the full moon she travelled to the country to run with her pack . 
 mary knew she should n't really see the pack she ran with as hers . 
 they only put up with her because dani and roger demanded they did . 
 none of the other members really liked her . 
 still , the open air of the city did not compare to the scent of the forest , the fresh grass , or the feel of other wolves , even if they were unfriendly . 
 she had not found any other pack and was n't interested in being rejected at every turn , which was why she stayed where she was . 
 better the devil you know and all that . 
 but now even that was being taken away from her as she watched members of her back being slaughtered by a man she did n't know . 
 she was known as a half breed wolf , which meant she had been turned by having the misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 working late at the advertising agency where she was a receptionist , mary had been bitten by a stray dog . 
 at least at the time she 'd thought it was a stray dog . 
 since being bitten she had learned differently . 
 the large stray dog had turned out to be a wolf . 
 some packs frowned upon changing humans whereas others found their mates by biting humans . 
 she did n't have a clue why she 'd been bitten , but mary had had to learn fast how to deal with being a half breed . 
 if it had n't been for roger , the now deceased leader , she would have died . 
 the dog who 'd bitten her had taken off , leaving her hurt and bleeding . 
 roger and his wife , dani , had guided her through the transition until she was able to mingle with humans once again . 
 until she 'd been bitten her life had been ordinary . 
 she had never taken the time to relish her life or the simple pleasures she enjoyed . 
 roger and dani helped her to adapt . 
 dogs had even stopped barking at her , and she had no choice but to sell her beloved cat . 
 having her pet hiss at her all the time was unsettling . 
 so every month she would come back to the pack to embrace the destiny that had been thrust upon her . 
 most of the wolves in her pack would n't have anything to do with her because of her not being a full blood wolf . 
 she could n't change on demand and was bound by the restrictions of the full moon . 
 also , she was bigger than the other female wolves . 
 where the other wolves were slender without an extra pound on them , mary had plenty of pounds to spare . 
 running with the wolves had n't changed her weight at all . 
 she did n't mind as her body stayed the same even with her eating more . 
 her life had changed so drastically in the last eighteen months , and now she knew her life was going to change again . 
 dani and roger were dead , along with four other men and women . 
 their bodies lay in a corner as the man smiled menacingly out at the crowd . 
 his pack stood behind him obviously prepared to take matters into their own hands if necessary . 
 fear clawed within her stomach . 
 in all of her life she 'd never been the type of person to search for confrontation . 
 the man who clearly was the alpha looked happy to tear apart members of her pack . 
 was he doing it for fun ? 
 she 'd never seen him before and did n't know what he had against her pack . 
 are they really your pack ? 
 for a long time mary had n't felt like a member of the pack . 
 they put up with her , but no one wanted anything else to do with her . 
 she was the only one who 'd been turned by an unknown wolf , and they made sure their disgust was known to her . 
 neither dani nor roger knew who turned her , but they 'd been there when she needed them the most , and she felt a sense of loyalty to them . 
 licking her raw , chapped lips , she cried out as another man 's head was torn from his body . 
 her stomach turned . 
 leaning forward she could no longer contain the vomit she 'd been trying to keep down . 
 everything she had consumed within the last few hours came up . 
 the pack around her started to curse and move away . 
 someone kicked her thigh sending her down to the ground . 
 fortunately , she did n't land in her own vomit . 
 when her stomach settled she stood once more to look at the stage . 
 the silver from the chains hurt her skin . 
 glancing down she saw the red raw skin was bleeding in places from where the metal touched her . 
 wiping at her brow , she wished there was something more she could do . 
 the sound of a feminine scream interrupted her thinking . 
 mary saw the only person who had been nice to her . 
 the girl was no more than fourteen . 
 jessica was her name , and where the other pack members had ignored mary , the young teenager talked about her life constantly . 
 mary found it strange that out of all of the pack , jessica always smelled different , as if she did n't belong . 
 at times , mary was sure she and jessica both smelled the same way , but no one said a thing about the young girl , at least that she heard . 
 watching the man haul the girl up onto the stage , mary had to look away . 
 jessica was n't a bad kid . 
 she was young , sweet , and had n't been polluted by other members of the pack . 
 jessica did n't see full blood or half blood . 
 the young girl saw people who happened to change into wolves . 
 the innocence within her eyes was something to be cherished , not ignored . 
 mary had been ignored most of her life . 
 the only time she had n't been overlooked was when she 'd been bitten . 
 at twenty-five years old she 'd not even had a sexual experience with a man . 
 it was pitiful , but being a fuller woman came with its own set of issues . 
 she 'd been on the receiving end of cruel jokes , and she saw the real intent in the eyes of the men who asked her out . 
 mary preferred to keep everyone at arms ' length rather than risk getting her heart broken or even crushed through bad decisions . 
 keeping her guard up allowed her to live her life in peace . 
 `` no , no , no , no , please . 
 i 've done nothing wrong , '' jessica said , begging for her life . 
 staring down at the ground , mary felt the fear through to her bones . 
 jessica 's pleas were getting to her . 
 there was no way she could let anything happen to the young girl . 
 glancing up she watched as someone tugged on the chain around jessica 's neck . 
 the cries were too much , and before mary could stop herself , she 'd shouted at them . 
 `` leave her alone . 
 she 's a young girl and has done nothing wrong . '' 
 her voice carried through the air travelling over the rest of her pack to land on the man doing damage . 
 biting down on her lip she heard the rest of her pack curse as their enemies turned to her . 
 the men had attacked before she had gotten a chance to get na ** d and run . 
 some of the pack were not that lucky and were in fact naked . 
 even though she 'd been this way for the last eighteen months , mary had n't gotten used to seeing other men naked . 
 she 'd seen more cocks and br ** sts than she cared to remember in the last few months . 
 `` you speak out for this piece of sniveling trash ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 he was the alpha , and when he spoke mary felt something answer within her . 
 it was like her wolf knew his voice and was kicking at her skin trying to get out . 
 she did n't have a clue who the man was . 
 she 'd never seen him before in her life . 
 mary knew she would have remembered him from the way he looked alone . 
 he was well over six feet , and down one arm going up to his neck was a black tattoo that interlocked and wrapped around his thick arms . 
 the alpha did n't wear a shirt , only a pair of really tight jeans that settled on his h * ps but outlined his thick legs . 
 he would n't be put down easy in a fight , and every part of him oozed power , masculinity . 
 mary had n't met another man like him . 
 from his aura alone she was bowled over , and not just because she was bound within silver chains . 
 across the distance she could n't make out anything else other than the fact he was a giant hunk of a man . 
 he 's killing your pack . 
 `` she 's a girl , '' mary said , forcing herself to speak up . 
 if no one else would speak up for jessica , then she would . 
 there 's no way to get out of here alive . 
 the man smiled , grabbing jessica around the waist . 
 `` you want to bargain for her life ? '' 
 the alpha asked . 
 mary nodded . 
 any confidence she had vanished as he ordered the man beside him to grab her . 
 the rest of her pack tried to move away from her , hoping not to gain the wrath of the other pack . 
 crap . 
 why could n't she have stayed home and taken to the city woods ? 
 it was guarded by high security , but she could have at least turned and gotten the run she craved . 
 instead , she 'd come back to a pack who despised her , and now she was looking at the possible end of her life . 
 the open air , the never ending forests , and the scent of the waterfall attracted her more than the artifice of the city walks . 
 she hoped to one day settle down away from the city . 
 `` max , i want her in one piece . 
 i want to see who wants to bargain for this sniveling little pack , '' the alpha said . 
 jessica whimpered on the stage . 
 marry stared up at the one called max as he approached her . 
 he looked deadly with a scar down one side of his face . 
 max had been the one to grab her from behind the trees as she was undressing . 
 there had n't been any time to run , but she 'd tried . 
 he cut the links that bound her to the others . 
 there were only about thirty within their pack . 
 the number had fallen as the dead bodies were amassing . 
 her arm was grabbed , and she was dragged to the stage . 
 she did n't know the proper etiquette when it came to pack men . 
 `` you will bow , '' max said , forcing her down to her knees . 
 going to her knees , she cried out as the silver seemed to pull on her wrists . 
 `` well , you 've got my attention . 
 now , what do you want ? '' 
 the alpha asked . 
 **** zeke stared down at the woman before him . 
 the girl who she 'd tried to bargain for was whimpering off in the corner . 
 he really could n't give a shit about anyone in the pack , but this woman 's scent drew him to her . 
 there was no evil on her person whereas the rest of the whole pack was riddled with it . 
 he would n't be satisfied until all of them were f ** king dead and he was burning their bodies to piles of ash . 
 `` am i supposed to speak staring at the floor ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 max had a hold of her hair as he pressed her to the floor . 
 his man was putting on a good show , which zeke was proud of . 
 all of his pack was doing the best they could in the current situation . 
 he was holding his shit together . 
 glancing at the blonde girl behind him , zeke walked closer . 
 the girl could n't be older than fourteen , and she did n't have the same scent as the rest of the pack . 
 grabbing a chunk of her hair zeke inhaled her fragrance . 
 the girl was innocent , but she was still a member of the pack and he 'd made sure to rid the world of them . 
 `` i 'm jessica , '' the girl said , looking terrified . 
 `` i 'm not talking to you . '' 
 turning away , he went to the woman bowed on the floor . 
 replacing his hand within her hair , he moved for max to grab the girl . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` mary . '' 
 she had dark brown hair , and he noted it was silky to the touch . 
 even with his anger tightening inside him , he noticed the feel of her hair , and the intoxicating scent coming off her as well . 
 glancing out at the crowd zeke saw the anger and revulsion as they looked at the woman on stage . 
 no one liked this mary , and it seemed she was the only one prepared to spare the youngest girl , jessica . 
 lifting her head back he stared into her dark brown depths . 
 her eyes were almost as dark as her hair . 
 she was scared , but she tried to hide it . 
 `` you 're not a full wolf , '' he said , inhaling her skin . 
 `` i was bitten coming out of work , '' she said . 
 her hands were out on the ground , holding herself up . 
 she bit her lip , clearly not happy with talking to him . 
 he returned his gaze toward the pack . 
 they hated the fact they 'd taken her in . 
 `` none of them care about you , '' he said , lifting her to her feet . 
 zeke got a good look at her . 
 even if she 'd smelled all wolf , zeke would have known she was n't . 
 her body gave her away . 
 full blooded women were incapable of being full with lush tits like hers . 
 mary had full hips , a rounded stomach , shapely thighs , and the largest rack he 'd ever seen . 
 he wondered what she looked like naked . 
 zeke did n't have any bitches in his own pack . 
 they were too much of a f ** king problem with their territorial bullshit . 
 he liked to f ** k who he liked . 
 once bitches got involved they started trying to gain his attention . 
 the only women he accepted were those of his old pack . 
 his sisters and mother were accepted even though they were part of another pack . 
 also , his men who were mated , their women were accepted into the fold , but he did n't bring in any unmated females . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 do not hurt jessica . 
 she 's done nothing wrong , and she 's too young . '' 
 wrapping his fingers around her neck , zeke pressed himself close to her body . 
 his dick fitted against her ass . 
 her body was a thing of beauty , and zeke suddenly felt the desire to play with her . 
 looking at max he saw jessica was perfectly still , waiting for whatever he decided . 
 `` if i spare her , what will you give me ? '' 
 zeke asked , liking his plan more and more . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 mary struggled against him . 
 zeke found her struggles addictive . 
 he 'd love to have her underneath him , struggling to get free . 
 only , she 'd be crying out with the pleasure he gave her . 
 running his hand down her body , mary paused as he stroked his fingers across her breast and then down over her generous hips . 
 he wanted her naked , in his bed , up against the f ** king wall-zeke did n't care as long as she was with him . 
 `` what do i want ? '' 
 he asked , staring out over the hall . 
 none of them would miss mary , and he was n't a cruel man . 
 jessica did n't know the shit her pack had caused , and sparing her would n't hurt him . 
 max was holding jessica tightly , yet he was n't harming her . 
 there was nothing vicious in the way he held onto her . 
 they were not intentionally mean wolves . 
 they were searching for justice . 
 `` look at them , mary . '' 
 he made her voice a caress as he said her name . 
 she tensed as he spoke her name . 
 `` they would rather see you slaughtered . '' 
 mary gasped , and he banded his arm around her waist , holding her close . 
 `` jessica is innocent , '' she said . 
 he was taller than she was , and he saw the tears spilling down her face . 
 this pack may have allowed her to run with them , but none of them wanted anything to do with her . 
 they 'd rather see her burn than try to help her . 
 his disgust was back again in full force . 
 zeke 's pack would accept her . 
 they would stick together and make sure she would n't be hurt . 
 being a woman bitten she would n't have the same temperament as a full blooded bitch . 
 they took care of their own . 
 even when his sisters stayed with him , his men respected them , took care of them , and made sure they were cared for . 
 zeke trusted his men with everything , and because of that , he made sure to treat them with respect . 
 `` the question is , mary , what would n't you do ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 she tensed in his arms , and he scented another smell from her , desire . 
 the woman in his arms was attracted to him even as she was frightened . 
 smiling , zeke turned her to face him . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 tears fell down her cheeks . 
 `` it 's quite simple , sweetheart . 
 i will spare the girl if you agree to become my toy for the next month , '' zeke said . 
 he caressed her ass loving the way she quivered underneath his touch . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 've got commitments . '' 
 he nodded at max , who jerked jessica harshly making her cry out . 
 `` then i suggest you change your plans for the next month . 
 i want you with me for one month until the next full moon . 
 if i get anything less , she dies . '' 
 jessica whimpered , screaming as max tightened his grip on her again . 
 `` no , stop . 
 i 'll do something . 
 i agree , '' mary said , shouting over the noise the woman was making . 
 `` you 'll agree to be my toy . 
 to let me play with you whenever i want , however i want ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 her voice was breathless . 
 did she like the thought of being his own personal toy ? 
 zeke looked forward to getting her to his home . 
 all the things he could do to her made him yearn to get her home quickly without finishing what he 'd come to do . 
 his men could finish off what he started , and he 'd be happy to get his woman in his bed . 
 fuck , his c ** k tightened at the thought of sinking into her tight , warm pu ** y. `` max , do you have the girl ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 tie her together with this one . 
 we 'll take them home when we 're done . '' 
 zeke handed mary over to his man turning toward the crowd . 
 rage consumed him , and he knew what he wanted to do to rid his life of the f ** kers . 
 `` wait , what are you doing ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` you asked to spare jessica . 
 consider her spared . 
 you never asked anything about the others . 
 they 're going to die . '' 
 with them chained together it was n't going to be much fun . 
 he watched max wrap the silver chain around the woman . 
 the steam rose from max 's hands as he touched the silver . 
 his man would need some care when they got back to zeke 's house . 
 max 's wife would take care of him . 
 `` no , please , spare them as well . '' 
 `` no , baby . 
 not even the pleasure of your ass for longer than a month would let me spare them . '' 
 the silver chain was wrapped around jessica and then tied to one of the posts . 
 there was no way the two women would escape . 
 he did n't know what he was going to do with jessica , but he would n't hurt her . 
 mary had seen to that , and he was n't a bastard who went back on his word . 
 his word meant something to him . 
 maybe he was a bit old school , but he did n't care . 
 no one would ever say he would back out on his word . 
 turning away , he gave the nod to his men to release the chains . 
 once the silver was gone , the pack turned into wolf form and ran . 
 a few of them did n't waste time to turn and had started running . 
 before he took mary to bed he needed to run off some of his energy . 
 otherwise he 'd hurt her with the need to hurt that currently consumed him . 
 he counted to three , taking time between each number . 
 his men were already turning , waiting for the right time to strike . 
 smiling , he spoke the final word and allowed the change to happen . 
 howling up to the moon , he chased after the first person that was n't part of his pack . 
 the night was going to run red with the blood of his enemies . 
 chapter two `` why did you do that ? '' 
 jessica asked . 
 this was the first time mary had been close to the young girl . 
 she always tried to keep to herself as she knew the disgust the other pack had for her . 
 it was n't like her half breed blood was going to jump out and change the other members of the pack . 
 she heard the sounds of the men and women as they ran for their lives . 
 the pain coming from them in animal and human form scared the life out of her . 
 she 'd never heard anything so horrid as the sound of death . 
 `` why did i do what ? '' 
 mary asked , glancing at the blonde . 
 jessica was slender , beautiful , and would be a wonderful wolf one day . 
 `` ask them to spare me ? 
 you 've given yourself to that monster in order to save my life . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 jessica 's eyes were red and swollen from crying . 
 she winced every time the noise of a fallen pack member echoed throughout the night . 
 `` i did what i had to . 
 you do n't deserve to die when you 've not even lived . 
 whatever problem this pack has with ours , they 're not going to think about who they kill . '' 
 mary cried out as the silver worked under her shirt and banded around her waist . 
 why could n't she have developed a liking to silver rather than be allergic to it ? 
 `` try to stay still and it wo n't itch , '' jessica said . 
 nodding , mary stayed still to find the silver was uncomfortable but did n't hurt anymore . 
 `` thank you , and that is the reason why i had to spare you . '' 
 `` why ? 
 no one else would have . 
 they act like nice people , but they would n't have spared me . '' 
 `` you 've been nice to me , jessica . 
 i could n't let anyone hurt you . 
 put it down to me not being a full breed or blood or whatever it is you all call me . '' 
 they were silent once again . 
 the sounds of their fallen pack were getting quieter and fewer . 
 there would n't be any left within a few minutes . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the rest of your pack , '' mary said . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm not . 
 they probably deserved what is coming to them . '' 
 the anger in jessica 's voice startled mary . 
 within the hour max and zeke were back . 
 zeke was buttoning up his jeans . 
 the action was purely male , and her pu ** y pounded as a shot of lust struck her hard . 
 the intense feeling startled mary making her tense . 
 jessica remained still , staring past mary 's shoulder . 
 `` are you okay to bring jessica to the house ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 max nodded working the silver chain from around them . 
 `` i 'm going to take mary . 
 i 'm sure we have much to discuss . '' 
 her body was itching all over from the chains and also from the way zeke was making her feel . 
 you 're his toy . 
 you 're not here willingly . 
 she tried to cut off all of her lustful thoughts about the man in front of her . 
 could her need for him have anything to do with her virgin state ? 
 mary hoped not . 
 she was n't ready to fall for a man she did n't know . 
 you 're going to be ha ** ng s * x with him by the end of the night . 
 virgin no longer . 
 when she 'd made the agreement to be with him , mary had n't thought about that little hiccup . 
 shit , she hoped it did n't hurt . 
 there was no way she could stand for him to know he would be her first . 
 probably her last , too , seeing as she never trusted a male 's company . 
 the silver moved up her skin creating a burning path of pain . 
 falling to her knees , she cried out as the pain got too much . 
 quickly the silver left her skin , and mary gasped . 
 `` silver is not supposed to be like that , '' zeke said , helping her to her feet . 
 `` i do n't suppose being allergic to silver as a human would n't have helped . '' 
 she always had a severe reaction to silver jewelry and always had to go for gold or not bother at all . 
 `` as a wolf that pain would be magnified , '' zeke said . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 the silver f ** king hurt . 
 she watched jessica being led away and started struggling within zeke 's arms . 
 `` you 're not going to hurt her , are you ? '' 
 `` we have a deal . 
 i keep my word . '' 
 `` you 've just slaughtered my entire pack . 
 forgive me if i do n't believe you . '' 
 zeke threw his head back and laughed . 
 the hand on her arm tightened . 
 it did n't hurt , but she knew there was no chance of escape . 
 he would stop her from going anywhere . 
 `` it 's nice to know your bite has n't been taken from you . '' 
 he moved in close , inhaling her scent . 
 `` god , i ca n't wait to see if your pu ** y is as tight as i imagine . '' 
 crossing her legs , she glared at him . 
 `` crossing your legs is not going to keep my dick from you . 
 you 're going to have me everywhere . '' 
 his hand moved to her ass , gripping her flesh tight . 
 `` your ass , mouth , cunt , and tits are all mine . '' 
 do n't be turned on . 
 she was a virgin , but she was n't immune to the lust . 
 since she 'd been bitten , the sexual urges within her had grown strong . 
 there was nothing she could do to stop the cravings . 
 those very same cravings had forced her to start buying p ** n movies in an attempt to find some kind of release with her own hand . 
 in the last year alone she imagined she 'd masturbated more than in the whole of her life . 
 at twenty-five years old it was quite pitiful . 
 `` ah , i see you like the sound of that . '' 
 zeke leaned in close pressing his nose against the curve of her neck . 
 if he was to bite her neck he 'd kill her . 
 her pulse pounded , and she tried to calm down . 
 if he was to take a chunk out of her neck he 'd take a major artery , and being a half breed she would n't be able to survive such an attack . 
 she hoped he would take into account her more human side . 
 `` you want my dick , do n't you ? '' 
 licking her lips , she stared past his shoulder wishing there was something else she could be doing . 
 `` you 're not going to answer . 
 i can live with that . 
 i 'll have you begging soon enough . '' 
 together they walked out into the night . 
 the warm air washed over her , and she gasped . 
 the scent of the night air called to her wolf , begging to be released . 
 this was the first time she 'd kept her change within her . 
 the moment the full moon was high in the night sky she liked to change . 
 the next three days were important to her as it kept the sickness at bay . 
 when she had n't turned one month because she could no longer stand the treatment of the pack , she 'd been ill for the entire month . 
 work had been horrid as she could n't stand the noises and scents . 
 the only way she could keep focus was if she turned every full moon . 
 `` your pack were ass ** les , '' zeke said , taking her away from the open land toward the tree line . 
 she heard the sound of the flowing water of the river and waterfall she knew was there . 
 the first time she 'd found it , mary had n't left the waterfall for the entire weekend of the full moon . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she asked , trying to keep up with his pace . 
 he was well over six feet , and she was struggling to keep up with his long strides at her own five foot six . 
 `` there are ways and means to keep the wolf at bay . 
 there are half breeds out there who can not turn every full moon . 
 they have ways and means to handle themselves . 
 running , working out , even taking a cold water bath can help with the cravings . '' 
 mary had n't heard of other ways . 
 looking back none of the pack wanted to talk to her . 
 roger and dani had been nice , but once she controlled the turning and knew what she was doing neither of her leaders offered any advice . 
 in fact , besides jessica , no one spoke to her at all . 
 it was like she did n't exist to anyone . 
 they kept the small room at their house for her to stay in , but she felt more like a pet than a member of the pack . 
 shaking her head , she kept up with zeke 's paces . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' she said . 
 `` no , you would n't . '' 
 she recognized where he was going as they walked up the incline of the forest . 
 he was taking her to the top of the waterfall . 
 mary concentrated on climbing . 
 before long she felt out of breath . 
 zeke kept hold of her arm leading her up to the top . 
 `` i do n't trust your wolf , and it 's time for you to know how to control your wolf . 
 some of the half breeds ca n't even wait to the full moon before turning . '' 
 when they got to the top she looked down at the water below . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it 's time for you to know how to handle yourself . '' 
 before she could ask what he meant , he pushed her over the edge . 
 screaming , mary panicked seconds before she plunged into the water below . 
 **** jumping over the edge , zeke followed her down . 
 he 'd met a half breed in the city , and they 'd become close . 
 during their time together , zeke asked the man how he 'd stopped himself from the turning . 
 the man had been bitten by a female wolf . 
 she 'd helped him through the change , but she 'd been turned out by her pack for turning a mate . 
 zeke did n't have a problem with half breeds , and he was friends with the young couple . 
 they were not part of his pack as neither of them wanted to be part of a pack . 
 the water surrounded him , and he pushed up to the surface , gasping for air . 
 the rush was amazing , and he knew he 'd be coming a lot more to jump over the edge . 
 mary screamed out , pushing the hair out of her eyes . 
 laughing , zeke dipped down . 
 the water was n't cold as it was turning out to be one of the hottest augusts ever . 
 he loved the heat as it meant not many clothes needed to be worn . 
 the one thing he hated about life in the city was the fact he had to wear clothes to work . 
 zeke loved being naked , and even though he could afford not to go to work , he 'd go insane if he was n't kept busy . 
 working in a busy office kept him driven and also challenged him with the noises and scents . 
 he 'd f ** ked plenty of women in his office , and he 'd picked them out because of their response to him . 
 the scent of a welcoming pu ** y drove him insane . 
 `` what the f ** k were you thinking ? '' 
 mary asked , screaming . 
 he swam over to her , wrapping his arms around her , laughing . 
 `` what a rush . '' 
 `` i could have died . '' 
 she hit him hard . 
 `` i 'm not some f ** king rag doll you can test to see how much you can do until i break . 
 i 'm human ! '' 
 taking hold of her face , zeke forced her to look at him . 
 `` is your wolf begging to get out ? 
 are you struggling to keep the little bitch contained ? '' 
 she paused in fighting him . 
 `` see , she 's not there , is she ? 
 you can think without having to deal with her clawing her way out of you . '' 
 he stared into her eyes knowing what he said was the truth . 
 `` how ? 
 only allowing the change has done that . '' 
 she was swimming with him without trying to get away . 
 `` you gave your body the same rush the wolf needs . 
 you 've put her to bed . 
 i 'm not saying it will last , and i would n't advise jumping off a building onto concrete , but there are ways and means for you to survive without turning . '' 
 mary ran her hand over her face pushing the loose strands of hair out of the way . 
 staring into her dark brown eyes , zeke wanted to see those eyes begging him to f ** k her . 
 taking hold of her arm , he moved toward the edge and climbed out , picking her up out of the water . 
 the shirt she wore clung to her curves , showing off the hard buds of her ni ** les . 
 what would she taste like ? 
 no , he was n't going to have a taste of her now . 
 he scented her innocence , and taking her outside would n't be the best idea he had . 
 `` it 's time for us to go . '' 
 he kept hold of her arm as he walked back to where his car was parked . 
 zeke had planned the attack long ago , and tonight he 'd made sure to hide any scent of his approach with the fumes from the car . 
 wolves would n't have suspected anything from cars . 
 the fumes had given him and his pack the time to get close before they struck . 
 easing her into the passenger seat , he strapped her inside before going around to the other side . 
 `` you drove here in a car ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did n't answer her . 
 zeke felt the anticipation of what was to come . 
 she stayed silent , sitting back to look out of the window . 
 the scent of her innocence was distracting him . 
 having a wolf 's scent was not always accurate . 
 at the moment he could n't smell if mary had been with another man . 
 usually women carried the scent of their partner for a long time . 
 mary had no other scent beside her own , and it was what drew him to her as well . 
 she could be innocent because of how different she smelled from the rest of her pack , or she could even be a virgin . 
 shit , he hoped she was n't a virgin . 
 what he wanted to do with her was not for a virgin to know . 
 `` is there a man waiting for you back home ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it would n't be the first time a woman had f ** ked him when there was a man waiting for them . 
 `` if i had a man i would n't have agreed to be your toy . '' 
 she folded her arms , showing him she was pissed . 
 `` you 'd be surprised how many women would have f ** ked me and then gone back to a human male , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not one of them . 
 i would never cheat on a man in my life , ever . '' 
 she was silent for several seconds . 
 `` how could i even have a man with my ... condition ? '' 
 `` plenty of women are still out there enjoying men who have the ... condition . '' 
 he smiled thinking about his own condition . 
 there was nothing wrong with being a wolf . 
 zeke found being a shifter helped him in his life . 
 the sense of smell helped and also the fact he could hold his own in a fair fight . 
 he 'd lived with being a wolf his whole life as he was born into it . 
 his family had come from a long line of wolves . 
 zeke hoped to pass it on like his sisters would when they had children . 
 thinking about his sisters made him somber and reminded him of why he was taking out the other pack . 
 `` either way , i would n't have agreed to be your toy if there was a man waiting for me . '' 
 she spoke the truth , and he admired her for it . 
 zeke still was n't closer to finding out if she was virgin or not . 
 `` how many partners have you had ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she turned and glared at him . 
 `` it 's none of your business . '' 
 he moved his way around the road working past a bend . 
 zeke wondered what max had done with jessica . 
 he was n't worried about the other man hurting jessica . 
 they were not monsters , and the girl would be protected . 
 `` will i be allowed to use a phone when we get to wherever you 're taking me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . 
 if you think to call the police on me then i 'll kill you . '' 
 mary burst out laughing . 
 `` what would i say ? 
 ` hey , police officer , i 've been kidnapped and held against my will because i wanted to protect a woman from being killed . 
 also , i 'm part wolf and this is all pack business . ' '' 
 zeke smiled even though he did n't want to . 
 `` i may be a half breed , but i know the laws . 
 i can not bring humans into this . '' 
 she turned to look out the window . 
 `` i 'm alone in this . '' 
 `` do you know who bit you ? '' 
 he asked , changing the subject . 
 he knew she would n't phone the police . 
 there was no use for the law , and no human would win against a wolf . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i was coming out of work , and there was this dark black dog . 
 at least , i thought it was a dog , and i did n't think much of it until i collapsed on the pavement within minutes of the bite . 
 i thought i was burning from the inside out . '' 
 zeke listened as she talked . 
 he liked the sound of her voice and knew he could listen to her all day without a problem . 
 pulling toward the gate where he and his pack lived during the days of the full moon , he turned to look at her . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i come from a long line of wolves . 
 over time we 've bought property to help build our packs . 
 this is mine . 
 you 'll meet some of my pack . 
 be warned , they 're all men . 
 i ca n't stand bitches around me during the moon . '' 
 climbing out of the car he heard her mutter , `` sexist pig '' . 
 smiling , zeke loved the bark within her . 
 taming her would be a challenge he looked forward to . 
 pressing the intercom button he asked who was there . 
 `` it 's dave , sir . '' 
 `` dave , let me in . 
 has max settled the girl ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 she 's been fed and walked as well . '' 
 chuckling , zeke headed back to the car . 
 the electric gates opened , and he drove through . 
 his home was his pride and joy . 
 it had once belonged to his great grandfather and now it belonged to him . 
 alphas who were born into a pack had the option of staying and learning to submit to the current alpha . 
 they could fight for the position , but then a problem occurred if the pack did n't agree with you or you could leave the pack as a friend and start your own . 
 zeke had gone for the latter . 
 he 'd never been the kind of man to take orders . 
 his father had prepared him to leave the pack at an early age . 
 zeke could never fight his father , who was still the alpha . 
 this way helped keep the packs strong . 
 when the time was right , his father would step down and the pack would vote for a new alpha , but until that time , his father stood as the leader . 
 parking the car he climbed out , going around to mary . 
 she was already opening her door and getting out . 
 his night was looking up . 
 chapter three staring up at the house in front of her , mary wondered how she was going to handle the coming month . 
 her job was secure as she had vacation time coming up . 
 this man who owned her for the next month clearly had plenty of money to back his pack . 
 he wiped out your pack . 
 jessica was safe . 
 mary could cope knowing she 'd saved the young girl . 
 what was she going to do when the month came to an end ? 
 with no pack she was n't welcome to just any pack . 
 several would hurt her at the very least , or even kill her . 
 crap . 
 she did n't even know if she wanted to join another pack . 
 life as a half breed was already hard seeing as she could n't talk with anyone about the problems she encountered , like the heat she suffered . 
 reaching out , she touched zeke 's na ** d arm . 
 his flesh was firm and hard to the touch . 
 taking her arm away , she felt like her fingers were on fire . 
 he looked at his arm and then at her fingers , smirking . 
 `` baby , i 'm going to be buried balls deep inside you . 
 you better get used to my touch , or you 're in big trouble . '' 
 she took a breath and looked him in the eye . 
 her cheeks felt hot from his words . 
 `` i 've got no pack and nowhere else to run , '' she said . 
 zeke raised a brow , staring at her . 
 `` erm , i was wondering if you could teach me some of those skills to keep my wolf at bay . '' 
 he folded his arms , observing her . 
 mary started to squirm under his scrutiny . 
 `` yeah , i 'll help you with one condition . '' 
 rolling her eyes , she stared behind her wishing she could escape . 
 `` what 's the condition ? '' 
 she asked . 
 zeke moved in closer , and she took a step back . 
 he wrapped an arm around her back , drawing her back in close . 
 `` you tell me here and now , are you a virgin ? '' 
 `` that 's not a condition . 
 you want an answer to a question . '' 
 `` either way , answer me . '' 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 why did he want to know about her being a virgin ? 
 shit , she was too embarrassed . 
 staring up and down the length of his body , she could n't bring herself to tell him the truth . 
 he would have been with lots of women . 
 surely no one would notice a small little detail such as a hymen . 
 `` no , i 'm not a virgin . '' 
 she lied to his face , and the moment the words left her lips , mary wished she could take them back . 
 he stared into her eyes , and she could n't say a word . 
 `` good . '' 
 he led her toward the front door where max stood . 
 `` take her to the kitchen for food . 
 make sure she eats some food . '' 
 zeke moved away , leaving her in the hands of max . 
 `` wait , what about jessica ? 
 is she safe ? '' 
 mary asked , concerned about the young girl . 
 `` she 's been fed , watered , and walked . '' 
 jerking out of his arm she glared at him . 
 `` she 's not a dog . '' 
 max chuckled . 
 `` i never said she was . 
 jessica , the blonde , is resting . 
 it has been a long night for her . '' 
 they walked past several men . 
 all of them inhaled as she passed . 
 `` do i smell or something ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` or something . '' 
 max opened the far door where a woman was stood over a stove . 
 mary frowned . 
 `` i thought he said there were no women in his pack . '' 
 mary was confused as the dark haired woman turned to smile at her . 
 `` zeke does n't allow women into the pack . 
 i 'm max 's half breed mate . '' 
 the woman moved toward max with a smile . 
 `` i 'm jane . '' 
 taking the woman 's hand , she smiled . 
 `` i 'm mary . '' 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , mary . 
 i 'm sure you 're hungry . 
 please , sit . '' 
 the woman had curves , which gave away her half breed status . 
 sitting at the table , mary saw several men looking at them from the corner . 
 a bowl with three chunks of bread was placed in front of her . 
 `` i 'm allowed to stay because i 'm a half breed , and i do n't want anything to do with the other men . 
 do n't get me wrong . 
 they 're like family , but i love max . '' 
 max had left through the far door to the outside air . 
 she saw zeke through the glass window on the phone . 
 mary could n't hear a word they were saying to each other . 
 `` why would other women be a problem ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` have n't you ever been to a pack with bitches trying to get your man ? 
 i tell you , in the human world men are the horn dogs , but in this world , women are the worst . 
 they can not leave a man alone . 
 it 's f ** king infuriating . '' 
 jane sat opposite her , eating some food . 
 `` we visited a pack up north in the rocky mountains . 
 i went with max , and the women of the pack were trying to f ** k him right in front of me . '' 
 jane stopped eating and fisted her hand . 
 `` they think because we 're half breed we 're not worth the male 's time . 
 those women with their slender h * ps piss me off . '' 
 mary smiled . 
 `` it was , erm , the men in the pack i was with did n't like me . 
 i was too fat . '' 
 heat filled her cheeks at the sympathy in jane 's eyes . 
 `` honey , there are men out there who like a bit of meat on their women . 
 max does n't even allow me to go on a diet anymore . 
 he banned diets and all healthy food from the house . 
 max considers his passions the best kind of exercise . '' 
 it was jane 's turn to grow red in the face . 
 smiling , mary found herself liking max from jane 's description . 
 glancing to the far wall she saw the men were still watching them . 
 `` why are they staring ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the men stare , mary . 
 when i tell you men like their women with meat , well , some of the men in zeke 's pack are the ones who love us women with curves . '' 
 jane started eating . 
 feeling their stares , mary struggled to eat . 
 with only half of it eaten she stood , finished . 
 jane stopped her . 
 `` zeke has orders , and i 'm not in the dark , mary . 
 sit , eat , you need to keep your strength up . '' 
 sitting back down , mary picked her spoon up like a scolded child . 
 `` she giving you trouble ? '' 
 zeke asked , entering the kitchen with max behind him . 
 keeping her head bowed over her food , mary tried to ignore the warmth his voice created in her body . 
 no man should have that kind of power . 
 `` not at all . 
 i like her , zeke . 
 you better be keeping her . '' 
 mary could n't believe they were talking about her as if she was n't there . 
 max seemed to take pity on her as he took jane in his arms . 
 `` stop matchmaking , woman . 
 you 've got me to take care of . '' 
 `` baby , i want others to find the kind of happiness that we have . '' 
 max slapped jane on the ass . 
 `` come on , you can show me some lovin ' . '' 
 the two disappeared out of the door . 
 she noticed the men who 'd been staring at her had disappeared as well . 
 zeke served himself some soup . 
 mary ate her own and was surprised as zeke took two more bowls and ate a loaf of bread with his food . 
 when he was finished , he stood , did the dishes , and then moved to her . 
 she 'd never known another man to be able to eat more than her . 
 there 's not any man to compare it to . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he took her hand and led her upstairs . 
 zeke stopped on the third floor , opening a door . 
 one aspect of her turning was that she was now able to see in the dark well . 
 jessica lay on her side , fast asleep . 
 `` she 'll be cared for . '' 
 nodding , she followed him upstairs . 
 there were not many people around . 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 `` after a run some stay behind until the morning . 
 others leave after a run . 
 this is not a prison , mary . 
 this house is for my pack to run and be free . '' 
 not saying anything she walked into his bedroom , which was dominated by a square bed at the far wall . 
 she saw the four posts surrounded it and what had her gasping were the silk ties wrapped around each post . 
 mary had watched enough bondage videos to know what they were . 
 turning around , she jumped as the door shut and locked . 
 `` take your clothes off , '' zeke said . 
 he was leaning against the door . 
 she watched him pocket the key . 
 `` you 're my toy , mary . 
 i think i 've been very nice , and now i want payment . '' 
 he took a step into the room . 
 she moved back as he advanced toward her . 
 there was nowhere for her to run . 
 facing him , mary knew this was what she signed up for . 
 think about the need . 
 the burning fire and the ache you 've been having . 
 give in . 
 for one month she could be his toy , and she 'd be able to walk away . 
 tugging on the damp shirt , she pulled it over her head . 
 her thick stomach embarrassed her , and she covered her hand over it . 
 shit , how could she do this ? 
 he was a greek god while she was a tubby half breed . 
 **** moving forward zeke grabbed her hands , pushing them out of the way . 
 he was n't going to give her chance to hide from him . 
 all night he 'd been holding this off , but he could wait no longer . 
 she was his , and he intended to take full advantage of her body . 
 women were too slender in the packs he 'd visited . 
 he screwed them even though he found little to no satisfaction with them . 
 mary was all woman . 
 her curves were driving him crazy , and knowing the scent of innocence had nothing to do with her being a virgin , zeke could n't wait to slam inside her . 
 `` you will not cover yourself up . 
 i want to see every part of you . '' 
 he lifted her face up to see him with a finger underneath her chin . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 tears shone in her eyes . 
 she kept them at bay , pulling out of his arms . 
 she unbuttoned the top button of her jeans , lowering the zipper . 
 zeke watched her wriggle out of her jeans . 
 holy f ** k , look at those thighs . 
 he could n't wait to have them wrapped around his hips . 
 they were firm and fleshy . 
 she would mark easily , as her skin was so pale . 
 when she was stood in her underwear , zeke pulled her into the center of the room . 
 he circled around her body . 
 the plain white cotton underwear did nothing for her figure . 
 zeke stood close inhaling her sweet , fresh fragrance . 
 from her smell alone he was ready to come . 
 `` i like the way you smell , '' he said , breathing her in . 
 her body shook . 
 reaching around , he placed his palm against her stomach . 
 her arousal was building even though she clearly did n't want it to . 
 the sounds in the room were from her deeply indrawn breaths . 
 pushing her hair out of the way , he laid kisses along the back of her neck . 
 drawing her back , he felt her skin next to his . 
 he felt covered in loads of a little pulses as they touched . 
 what was it about her that drew him in ? 
 he 'd never responded to a woman the way he was to mary . 
 the half breed was infecting his mind . 
 fuck her , take her , claim her . 
 the mantra was running through his mind as well as the need within his wolf . 
 the dark black wolf was whining , begging to bite and f ** k her . 
 down , boy . 
 stroking a finger down her arm , he kissed her neck feeling her melt against him . 
 her submission would be sweet . 
 her body would cave under his command . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , '' he said . 
 `` when you leave here you 'll know what it 's like to be f ** ked , to be owned by an alpha . '' 
 she gasped , and he turned her to face him . 
 keeping his hands around her back , he tore the bra from her body followed by her panties . 
 lifting the torn panties into the air , he showed them to her . 
 they were covered in the scent of her arousal . 
 `` you want me , mary . '' 
 `` it does n't mean anything . '' 
 he made her move by stepping close . 
 she backed away from him , collapsing onto the bed , just where he wanted her . 
 `` move back and open your thighs . 
 i want to see the pu ** y that i own and can play with when i want to . '' 
 mary glared at him for several seconds but relented within moments . 
 she leaned back opening her thighs giving him a perfect view of her plump pu ** y. going to his jeans , he tore open the button , staring at the jewel of her clit , winking at him . 
 he was going to eat her sweet pu ** y. pushing his jeans down , he gripped his shaft , stepping out of the jeans . 
 her gaze went to his cock . 
 he saw her eyes widen at his length . 
 zeke was used to the reaction . 
 plenty of women were surprised by his large length . 
 he 'd been blessed in many areas , especially with a big dick . 
 `` don ' you worry , baby . 
 i 'll fit inside you . '' 
 her widened eyes shot daggers at him as she glared back . 
 fisting his length , he smeared his pr ** cum around the tip . 
 his foreskin was pulled back with the force of his arousal . 
 she licked her lips , and he inhaled the fragrance of her heat in the air . 
 mary had been suffering for a long time . 
 the needs of a bitch in heat would be gripping her . 
 she was ready to find a mate , and , taking a deep breath , zeke knew she was fertile . 
 something pure and animalistic rolled over him , filling him from the center outwards with the need to claim her . 
 kneeling on the bed he chuckled as she slid back . 
 gripping her ankle he tugged her close . 
 `` you 're not going to escape me , '' he said , smiling . 
 he was directly above her pu ** y. mary started struggling . 
 holding her thighs down , zeke returned his attention to her greedy cunt . 
 she was desperate for a hard f ** king . 
 he closed the distance and sucked her pearl into his mouth . 
 mary cried out , her body tensing as he sucked her cl * t into his mouth . 
 her cream leaked out of her pu ** y. circling her cunt , he felt her essence soaking his fingers . 
 releasing her clit , he slid his tongue down to lick her before moving back up to nibble on her clit . 
 her hands were fisted in the bed . 
 `` oh god , '' she said , screaming out . 
 her body was on fire . 
 tasting her need zeke wondered how she had survived so long without a male . 
 he could n't smell another man on or within her body . 
 lifting up , he looked into her eyes . 
 the once dark brown depths were a deep amber as she looked at him . 
 her wolf was begging for some action as much as the woman . 
 mate . 
 the word whispered through his mind . 
 zeke felt an answering awareness inside him . 
 their wolves liked each other . 
 mary closed her eyes , and when she opened them seconds later they were a dark brown once again . 
 `` how long has it been since you 've had a man ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you either way . '' 
 no man was keeping him from her . 
 `` no man , '' she said , gasping . 
 touching her skin he felt the heat radiating off her . 
 `` i 'll take care of you . '' 
 flicking her clit , he felt her come apart within seconds . 
 she screamed , jerking off the bed as her orgasm claimed her . 
 smiling , he stroked her bud with his fingers as he slid between her thighs . 
 gripping his cock , he pressed the length between her folds , coating his c ** k with her cum . 
 her hand went to his arm resting by her waist . 
 he bent down , claiming her lips . 
 she moaned , opening up to his kiss . 
 zeke teased her lips with his tongue , wanting her to open up . 
 mary gave him entry , and he plundered her mouth , meeting her tongue with his . 
 leaving his cock , he grabbed her hand , pressing them to the bed above her head . 
 locking their fingers together , zeke deepened the kiss . 
 fucking left his mind as he took the kiss she gave him . 
 she moaned , pressing up against him . 
 his shaft bumped her clit , and she cried out . 
 slowly , he pumped his hips , bumping her cl * t with every thrust . 
 mary 's legs opened wide , giving him the space he needed . 
 breaking from her lips , he kissed down to her neck , biting on her pulse . 
 zeke did n't break her skin even though he wanted to more than anything . 
 instead , he sucked on her neck , marking her skin . 
 was a month going to be enough ? 
 leaving one of her hands , he gripped his shaft , needing to be inside her more than anything else . 
 he guided his c ** k to her entrance . 
 sucking on her neck , he felt her writhe underneath him . 
 she looked consumed by pleasure . 
 with the tip inside her cunt , he gripped her hip and slammed inside her in one hard thrust . 
 mary tensed underneath him , and zeke felt the small tender piece of skin break , letting him know what happened . 
 anger filled him at her lies . 
 his c ** k was deep within her pulsing at the feel of her tight , virginal cunt , which was n't a virgin anymore . 
 glaring down at her , zeke saw the tears leak out of her eyes and track down the corners to the bed . 
 `` why did you lie to me ? '' 
 he asked , growling the words at her . 
 zeke did n't withdraw from her tight heat . 
 her nails sank into the flesh of his arms , marking his skin with her scent . 
 did she even know what she was doing ? 
 no , he doubted she had a single clue what was happening , and he 'd just roughly taken her virginity . 
 there was no turning back now . 
 mary , the half breed wolf who 'd agreed to be his toy , was not going anywhere . 
 chapter four mary thought they all lied about the pain . 
 sex was supposed to be natural between everyone . 
 a man and woman fit together like peas in pods or sweetcorn in a husk . 
 she 'd never expected the pain . 
 his c ** k felt large as he stayed still within her . 
 biting her lip she stared up into his angry expression . 
 nothing he said or did would make her feel any better or any worse . 
 she really thought she 'd be able to get away with it . 
 at twenty-five years old she assumed she would n't feel a thing . 
 being on the fuller side she did n't think it was possible to feel much pain . 
 stupid fool . 
 his hand moved up her body to grip her neck . 
 the menace on his face scared her . 
 her heart pounded against her chest as she looked at him , begging for him not to hurt her . 
 `` why did you lie to me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 closing her eyes , she took several deep breaths trying to gain control of her rioting nerves . 
 `` answer me and do n't think to lie . 
 the scent of innocence is all over you , and i can smell your f ** king blood . '' 
 he snarled the words in her face . 
 opening her eyes , she glared at him . 
 `` tell you something personal about myself ? 
 are you completely insane ? '' 
 she pressed against his hand almost daring him to squeeze her neck tighter . 
 mary knew she would survive so much pressure just not a snapping of the neck , not that anyone would survive that . 
 `` you 've got me as a f ** king toy . 
 do you really expect me to let you know i was a twenty-five year old virgin ? '' 
 the more she talked the more she hated the truth that was spilling from her lips . 
 `` you 're twenty-five years old ? '' 
 he asked , smiling . 
 his smile made her gasp as the menace disappeared and she saw what a handsome man he actually was . 
 `` yes . '' 
 looking past his shoulder , mary could n't stop the curiosity from making her speak . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm thirty-nine years old . '' 
 fourteen years age difference . 
 he did n't look a day past thirty . 
 there were no graying hairs or major wrinkles on his face . 
 he looked good for his age , but most wolves looked good . 
 `` if you want to call this off then you can get off me and i 'll leave . 
 i 'll take jessica with me . '' 
 his hand moved from her neck down . 
 he pinched her ni ** les , and she moaned at the harsh bite of his touch . 
 zeke clearly knew what to do with her body to make the pleasure morph into something deeper . 
 she 'd never known feelings like the ones he was awakening . 
 `` do you really think i 'm going to let you get away from me , baby ? 
 i 'm housing jessica , and i want a woman to f ** k without denying me . 
 you 're my toy , mary and i 'm not giving you up . '' 
 he leaned down , nuzzling her neck . 
 `` besides , you 're a virgin no more . 
 i can f ** k you all i want to now . '' 
 mary tensed as his nibbled on her neck . 
 she felt the sharp point of his canines near her neck . 
 her pulse pounded , and if he was to strike she would be dead within minutes . 
 `` please do n't kill me , '' she said . 
 he jerked back . 
 his c ** k was still buried within her . 
 `` what kind of man do you f ** king take me for ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the authority in his voice left her under no illusions of who was in control . 
 the alpha blood leaked out into his eyes . 
 her wolf responded , purring against the wall of her flesh . 
 `` i would never kill you . 
 regardless of any f ** king rumor i do not take pleasure in unwilling women and f ** king them dead , mary . 
 i love women who are warm , wet , and f ** king begging me . '' 
 he growled at her harshly . 
 mary nodded , embarrassed by how hot she felt for him . 
 her body responded to him even though she wanted to run from him at the same time . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` now , i 'm going to f ** k you , mary . 
 your virginity belongs to me , and there 's no way you 're going to take that away . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 he took hold of her chin , forcing her to look at him . 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` i 'm yours . '' 
 `` who does your pu ** y belong to ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you . '' 
 `` who does this mouth belong to ? '' 
 he pressed a thumb between her lips . 
 `` you . '' 
 down his hand moved going underneath her body to cup her ass . 
 `` who does this ass belong to ? '' 
 `` you . '' 
 every part of her belonged to him , and she was more than willing to give him everything he demanded . 
 the harshness of his voice did something between her thighs . 
 her pu ** y felt wet , and she could n't stop the contractions within . 
 `` i can feel your response to me , mary . 
 your cunt is tightening around my dick , and i can tell you 're turned on . 
 your cum is gushing around me . '' 
 turning her head away , mary had never felt more embarrassed at his words . 
 she experienced utter humiliation in giving herself over to a man she did not know , yet her body responded to him as if it did . 
 `` no , you look at me . 
 do n't you dare turn away from me . '' 
 he cupped her face giving her no choice but to look at him . 
 she saw the heat in his eyes as he stared down at her . 
 `` when you 're with me , you 'll accept everything i ask of you . 
 you do not argue . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm your toy . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 his hand turned to a stroking caress on her cheek . 
 the sudden change within him startled her . 
 the alpha before her had a soft side . 
 she did n't doubt he would kill her if she posed a threat to his pack . 
 `` now , i 'm going to f ** k you , and before the night is through you 're going to be begging me to . '' 
 with the way her body felt right at that moment she did n't believe it . 
 zeke 's hands returned to her h * ps as his lips went to her br ** sts . 
 she felt him suck her nipple into his mouth , first one nipple before moving onto the next . 
 mary tried to think about the pain , but with his lips creating havoc within her body she could n't even remember the pain . 
 the grip on her h * ps tightened , and then she felt him sliding out of her body . 
 gasping , she saw he was looking down at her . 
 `` watch me , '' he said . 
 going to her elbows she glanced down in time to see his cock , slick with her juice , moving out of her . 
 he did n't pull all the way out of her . 
 licking her lips , she could n't believe his c ** k had been within her . 
 for so long she 'd been a burning mass of sensation with no help of finding any release . 
 `` no , f ** k it , '' he said , pulling out of her . 
 mary whimpered as he turned her so her back was flush against his chest . 
 his hard c ** k was pressed against her ass . 
 she felt the slickness from her own arousal covering his shaft . 
 `` i 'm going to make you come before i f ** k you . 
 you need to know what you 're missing out on . '' 
 his hand delved between her thighs . 
 fingers , she did n't know how many , plundered her core as his thumb pressed on her clit . 
 she jerked in his arms . 
 mary had only felt the pleasure from her own fingers , and now she was feeling what zeke could do for her . 
 she did n't know the pleasure could get any better than her own fingers . 
 his thumb ran over her cl * t and around . 
 his fingers pumped inside her . 
 closing her eyes , she felt his lips at her neck as he worked her body harder . 
 `` you 're going to come for me , baby . 
 then you 're going to take my c ** k in this tight little cunt . 
 i 'm going to f ** k you so hard you 'll be desperate for my cock . '' 
 mary believed he was going to make her addicted to him . 
 `` no other wolf has touched you , has he ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head , burning within for the need to release . 
 `` you 're my little bitch in heat . '' 
 his words did n't scare her . 
 she felt like she was in heat . 
 a virgin with the need to f ** k. no , she was n't a virgin any longer . 
 zeke had already taken her virginity . 
 they were still going to f ** k. bucking against his hands , mary cried out , gripping the blanket as another wave of warmth flooded her . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging him . 
 `` come for me , mary . '' 
 his voice was firm . 
 she knew she could n't disobey him . 
 zeke ran his thumb over her clit , and mary could n't hold off her release . 
 pleasure crashed through her as her orgasm claimed her . 
 she screamed aloud , the sounds she made echoing off the walls . 
 ever since she 'd been turned mary had n't felt any kind of peace . 
 her skin finally felt like her own . 
 the wolf within her had been sated , and for that she was grateful . 
 **** zeke fingered her pu ** y feeling the warmth of her release flood his hands . 
 he sensed the wolf inside her calm as her release ended . 
 soothing her with kisses and strokes , he withdrew his hand from between her thighs . 
 he wondered how long she 'd been dealing with the heat spiraling inside her . 
 zeke could not recall a woman dealing with heat without a male to help . 
 whatever she had done must have calmed the wolf inside her . 
 he knew it would n't have settled the wolf , but it surely calmed her enough to work . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , moaning . 
 did she hear the purring coming from her own body ? 
 she lay content in his arms . 
 he was n't done with her . 
 his c ** k was rock hard begging for his chance to explode inside her . 
 mate . 
 the words rushed through his mind making him pause . 
 no , he would n't give his thoughts any light at this moment . 
 he needed to wait and be sure before he made any rash decisions like claiming a woman . 
 turning her to the bed , he opened her thighs . 
 mary did n't fight him this time . 
 gazing down at the lips of her pu ** y he saw the dots of blood showcasing her virginity . 
 he wanted to lean back and pound on his chest like a neanderthal . 
 instead , he gripped the base of his shaft running the tip through her creamy essence . 
 she cried out but did n't close him out . 
 pushing the tip to her entrance , he let the tip just inside . 
 holding her hands in his own , he pressed them beside her head . 
 without saying a word he slammed inside , going to the hilt inside her . 
 she screamed , crying out with pleasure . 
 her arousal deepened . 
 he could n't smell any pain coming from her . 
 pulling out of her tight warmth he stopped when only the head remained inside . 
 zeke did n't lose eye contact as he thrust in her once again . 
 her moans grew louder as he took his time to pull out and then slam in , taking her by surprise each time . 
 letting go of her hands , zeke grabbed her h * ps and rammed inside her , roughly . 
 he wanted to bury himself within her and never leave the warmth of her body . 
 her eyes were dilated , and zeke loved the submissive look as she kept her hands beside her head as he f ** ked her hard . 
 looking down , he saw where they were connected . 
 his na ** d dick was slick with her release . 
 his balls tingled as the beginnings of his orgasm started . 
 her body called to him . 
 tightening his grip on her hips , he leaned down to claim her lips . 
 she opened up , and he plundered her mouth with his tongue . 
 `` kiss me back , '' he said . 
 her tongue stroked his . 
 leaving her lips , he sank one hand into her hair , holding her close , and he gripped her ass with his other . 
 he deepened the kiss , and their teeth clashed with the depth . 
 biting into her lip , he pounded away inside her , holding his orgasm off . 
 tightening his hold on her ass , zeke kissed down to her neck , licking the spot where her pulse pounded against her flesh . 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 he did n't know what she was begging for , and at that moment he did n't care . 
 slamming inside her , zeke growled as his orgasm crashed into him . 
 every part of his body felt aflame with the need to claim her . 
 removing his lips from her body , he pressed his head into the pillow , which muffled the sound of his growling . 
 his seed soaked her womb , and he stayed still inside her for several minutes after his orgasm finished . 
 the only noise to be heard in the four walls of his room was the sounds of their breathing . 
 `` zeke ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he was conscious of the fact it was the first time she used his name . 
 closing his eyes he counted to three before moving off her . 
 he pulled out of her body , shaken to the core by the pleasure she 'd given him . 
 `` zeke ? '' 
 she said his name again . 
 did n't the woman know he wanted silence ? 
 `` go to sleep , '' he said , standing up . 
 she did n't argue or make any move to follow him . 
 leaving the room , he went to his bathroom , slamming the door closed behind him . 
 staring at his reflection zeke wondered why he could n't see a change at who was looking at him . 
 wrapping a towel around his waist , he left the bathroom by the other door leading out into the hallway . 
 his pack knew not to disturb him in his own space . 
 going down to the second floor he knocked on max 's door . 
 he heard jane moan and max apologize . 
 zeke waited as max grabbed a robe from the chair and seconds later opened the door . 
 `` alpha , how can i help you ? '' 
 max bowed his head , and zeke wondered why the formality . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 zeke never demanded submission from his pack . 
 he commanded respect as he gave it as much as received it . 
 `` your eyes , zeke . 
 they 're burning . '' 
 max opened the door . 
 zeke saw jane had the blanket up to her chin as she stared at him . 
 glancing in the mirror zeke saw the eyes of his wolf glaring back at him . 
 `` shit . '' 
 rubbing a hand down his face , zeke paced his friend 's room until he felt in control once again . 
 `` alpha ? '' 
 max asked . 
 opening his eyes he stared at his friend . 
 `` find everything that you can about mary . 
 i want to know everything . 
 in the morning go back to the pack 's house and retrieve her things . 
 i 'll give you some clothing to scent her . '' 
 `` yes , alpha , '' max said . 
 zeke needed to know why he was feeling this way . 
 she was different , and he recalled her scent before . 
 no , he 'd been too late , and he could n't think about the other woman . 
 they took her . 
 `` find out everything . 
 i want to know where she lived . 
 i want her whole f ** king past . '' 
 storming out of the room , he went back to his bathroom . 
 closing the door he turned the shower on and stood underneath . 
 the pack he killed had been responsible for the disappearance of his sister . 
 his father had asked for his help seeing as he lived close to the other pack . 
 zeke had known roger and dani for some time . 
 they 'd shared a few meals together as a sign of friendship . 
 in all that time he 'd never thought it was possible for them to be in the market for capturing females and selling them to the highest bidder . 
 his sister was still missing . 
 she 'd been running with his father 's pack when she went missing . 
 the hunt had started the moment they realized she 'd gone missing . 
 the problem they faced was telling the local police force . 
 they could n't tell them a wolf had gone missing , so they had handled her disappearance personally . 
 not that it had led to anything other than roger and dani 's pack seeming to be the culprit . 
 roger and dani had n't even mentioned a half breed in their pack . 
 pressing his palm to the tiled wall , zeke let the warm water cascade down his skin . 
 mary 's pack had despised her . 
 none of them cared about her at all . 
 in the few meals he 'd shared with roger and dani , zeke had never sensed an evil streak or the true scent that clung to them this night . 
 they had to have used something that masked the horrid scent . 
 it still amazed him how dangerous the other couple was , and yet they let the half breed live . 
 where had they found her ? 
 several years ago zeke had been sitting behind his desk when he scented the most incredible smell outside . 
 leaving his office , he 'd gone searching to find the woman responsible for leaving the scent . 
 in the chaos of the office with so many other smells , he 'd lost her . 
 walking the dark alleys for protection , he 'd changed into that of a wolf and gone hunting . 
 while he 'd been taking a breather , her scent had drifted toward him . 
 he remembered biting the woman , but for the life of him he could n't remember what she looked like and he 'd never been able to locate her after that night . 
 jerking his head , zeke turned off the water , grabbed a towel and headed into the bedroom . 
 mary was asleep on the bed . 
 he saw the track marks of her tears as she slept . 
 reaching out , he stroked a finger down her cheek . 
 she 'd been attacked in the city and bitten . 
 could it be a coincidence that his mate was the half breed before him ? 
 why would roger and dani take her in ? 
 he did n't know any of the answers to his questions , and there was no way of finding out . 
 he 'd killed both for taking his sister , and yet he was no closer to his sister or to the woman he 'd been searching for . 
 zeke was determined to find both women . 
 he would n't settle until he gave his father back his sister . 
 the woman destined to be his mate was out there . 
 looking into mary 's face , he felt his wolf pound against his skin , jolting him . 
 pulling away , he dried the damp from his skin and threw the towel into the laundry basket . 
 he climbed into bed beside her , wrapping an arm around her waist . 
 her scent was different from what he remembered in the city . 
 no , it could n't be mary . 
 could it ? 
 shit , zeke did n't know what he was going to do . 
 his c ** k thickened as mary moaned in her sleep . 
 until max got his information zeke was going to take full advantage of his toy . 
 chapter five opening her eyes , mary glared at the bright light of the sun shining down on her . 
 last night she had n't been facing the window . 
 recalling the night before she blushed as other body parts protested in the morning light . 
 she moved and became aware of the heavy male arm across her stomach . 
 turning her head , she found zeke behind her , sleeping . 
 he was still there . 
 the last thing she remembered of him was ordering her to sleep before he stormed away . 
 pain stabbed her deeply at the way he treated her . 
 biting her lip she tried to pull away from him . 
 his arm tightened around her . 
 moving again , zeke kept her in place . 
 `` you can keep fighting me all you want . 
 i 'm not letting you go until you ask nicely , '' he said , muttering against her back . 
 `` i need to use the bathroom . '' 
 his hand moved down , sliding between her thighs . 
 she gasped even as another flood of arousal swamped her . 
 mary wished her body would n't betray her with his touch . 
 she did n't want to like him at all . 
 fingers opened the folds of her sex , opening her up . 
 `` are you sore ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he 'd f ** ked her and abandoned her last night . 
 why did he care at all about if she was sore ? 
 `` answer me ? '' 
 staring out the window mary tensed at his searching fingers . 
 when he plunged inside her , she cried out . 
 `` yes , i 'm sore . '' 
 still , he did n't release her . 
 his fingers awakened the passions inside her , and even though she was sore mary knew she would n't deny him . 
 all too soon , he removed his hand and left the bed . 
 she squealed as he picked her up , carrying her through to his bathroom . 
 he dumped her on top of the toilet . 
 `` do your business , '' he said , going toward the shower . 
 she stared down the length of his body . 
 his c ** k was thick and stood out in front of him . 
 he did n't pay it any attention as he turned on the water . 
 doing her business , she flushed the toilet and washed her hands . 
 zeke took her hand , pressing her inside the shower . 
 standing under the warm water , she faced the cascade letting the water wash away the sleep from her face . 
 he spun her around and pushed her down onto a seat . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she 'd never sat down in the shower . 
 he crouched down in front of her without answering . 
 his hands went to her thighs , and he opened her legs wide . 
 she saw his gaze was on her pu ** y. turning her head to the side , mary wanted to be embarrassed by what he was doing . 
 `` i should n't have left you last night , '' he said . 
 glancing down , she saw he was looking up at her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked , hating the pain that sliced through her once again . 
 they had n't promised each other anything . 
 fuck , she was here because she saved jessica from being killed . 
 `` last night was your first time . 
 i should have been more considerate to your situation . 
 i was a dick to you . '' 
 he looked sincere as he looked at her . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she watched his fingers stroking through her fine pubic hairs . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 any guy treated one of my sisters like i did you , i 'd put them in the ground without a thought . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 mary stayed silent as he washed her . 
 his touch was soothing , and desire started again inside her . 
 `` where is jessica ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` i imagine she 's having breakfast . '' 
 his hands were kind and considerate as they washed her . 
 mary cut off any hope . 
 she would n't be falling for the man who was taking care of her . 
 zeke was being considerate , but she knew it was n't really him . 
 the man before her had a mean streak . 
 he had taken out her whole pack last night . 
 there was no room for mushy feelings . 
 `` why were you with roger and dani ? '' 
 he asked , changing the subject . 
 he stood , taking her with him . 
 the stool was pushed to the corner . 
 he spun her to face the spray as he washed her hair . 
 `` they were at the hospital after i was bitten . '' 
 she lifted her arm in the air . 
 `` the wolf bit my arm . 
 took a big chunk out of me . '' 
 if he looked close enough he 'd see the fine silver lines of the scars . 
 her new wolf blood meant she healed a lot faster than a human . 
 `` they told me the hospital could n't help me . 
 i was burning up , and the nurses and doctors could n't do a thing about it . 
 i left against medical advice , following them out into the world . '' 
 he washed the soap from her hair . 
 when he was finished , he turned the shower off , opening the door . 
 zeke got a towel first , wrapping it around his waist . 
 his c ** k was still rock hard . 
 `` and the wolf was black ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , the wolf was black and came out of an alley way . 
 it smelled me , and then it took a chunk out of me . 
 i was n't doing anything other than looking through my bag . '' 
 she remembered the fear that took over . 
 the dog had been huge . 
 she later found out it was a wolf . 
 `` what happened after the others took you in ? '' 
 he asked , taking her into the bedroom . 
 he sat on the bed , pulling her between his legs . 
 there was no room for her to fight . 
 thinking back over her time , mary remembered her first turning . 
 the way they 'd chained her up , injecting her with some tranquilizers to help with the pain . 
 a lot of her memories were fuzzy . 
 she could n't remember everything that happened to her . 
 `` i took some time off work . 
 i do n't have a lot of time off as i do n't need it . 
 for the next two weeks they helped me to gain control . 
 for several months after i had to visit them in order to take my shots and turn into a wolf . '' 
 the shots had burned her flesh , or at least it felt like they 'd burned her flesh . 
 had they burned her flesh ? 
 once again her memories were jumbled up . 
 a few months ago they 'd stopped injecting her . 
 `` tell me about your time after the turning . '' 
 his fingers were caressing her thighs underneath the towel . 
 `` what exactly do you want to know ? '' 
 she asked , not understanding why he wanted her to repeat her experience . 
 `` jane , the woman you met last night , she did n't have any problem with the change . 
 max bit her , and after the initial fever she was fine . '' 
 `` lucky her . '' 
 mary would n't repeat the experience ever again . 
 the pain alone made her terrified of turning anyone , not that she 'd ever turn anyone against their will . 
 `` what were the injections ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you 'd be best asking jessica . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 zeke stood , his fingers sliding into her hair . 
 he turned her head to the side , exposing her neck . 
 she heard him inhale deeply . 
 `` you do n't smell like her , '' he said . 
 frowning , she looked down at him . 
 she could n't pull away . 
 zeke was too strong for her to overpower . 
 when he leaned back his eyes were glowing amber . 
 her wolf slammed against her flesh . 
 mary screamed as she felt the impact from inside . 
 stumbling into his arms , she fell to her knees . 
 the pain intensified as her wolf threatened to claw out . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 zeke shouted the word , and yet her wolf was n't listening . 
 collapsing to the floor , mary grabbed her head as the pain exploded sending fire into every part of her body . 
 the door crashed open to the bedroom . 
 her wolf growled , wanting out of her body . 
 mary had always felt one with her wolf , but in that instant she felt like they were two different beings . 
 it was like her wolf had been trapped somehow , and now it was finally breaking free from whatever held onto it . 
 `` help me , '' she asked , screaming . 
 mary 's words were cut off as she felt her arm breaking , getting ready for the change . 
 no , she would n't survive this . 
 it was n't the full moon , and she 'd been told many times that if she ever changed without the moon she would die . 
 taking deep breaths , she shrieked as her thigh twisted of its own accord at an odd angle . 
 the pain was unlike anything she 'd ever felt . 
 what was going on with her wolf ? 
 you 're going to kill me . 
 mary whimpered as her leg was flung at another angle . 
 she heard the other pack around her yelling orders . 
 someone pulled her close . 
 they were too hot . 
 the towel she 'd worn was torn off her body . 
 glancing down , she saw her stomach rippling as if her wolf was about to tear out of her stomach . 
 we 're trapped no more . 
 panicking , mary cried out , screaming for help . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 zeke yelled the word once again . 
 jerking at the sound , mary looked into his eyes seeing the glowing alpha depths . 
 mate . 
 alpha . 
 the wolf inside her purred and slowly , silenced . 
 her body tore at an odd angle going back in their sockets . 
 she screamed once more before darkness claimed her . 
 **** zeke felt her slump and was thankful for that . 
 jane handed him the towel , which he laid over her body , giving her some dignity . 
 running a hand over his face , he stared down into her open face . 
 `` what the f ** k was that ? '' 
 jane asked , sitting back . 
 max and several of his men were looking at the woman , who was pale . 
 her skin was covered in a layer of sweat and not from the hot shower they 'd shared . 
 holy f ** k , he 'd never been so terrified in his life . 
 the way she 'd fallen to her knees screaming as her wolf hit out . 
 her wolf had n't responded straight away . 
 it was like she 'd never run free . 
 zeke had sensed the desperation within the wolf inside mary . 
 the wolf was trapped in a cage begging to be let out . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i need to talk to jessica . 
 actually , i need to go and have a look at the pack 's hiding place . 
 i 'm starting to feel something went f ** ked up over there , and mary is one of those wolves . '' 
 she was the woman he 'd bitten . 
 zeke was sure of it even though she did n't smell like his woman . 
 everything she described of that night was true to what he remembered . 
 the following day when he 'd gone back to find her mary had n't been anywhere in sight . 
 he did n't know her name or any way in which to find her . 
 fuck , something was going on , and he needed to find out . 
 `` fuck , zeke . 
 i 've never seen anything like it , '' max said . 
 jane was kneeling on the floor stroking her hair . 
 mary was shaking and muttering in her sleep . 
 `` she mentioned something about injections . 
 when i asked you last night to find out whatever you could about her , i do n't want that anymore . 
 we 're going back to the pack 's house . 
 i 'm going to get to the bottom of this . 
 whatever roger and dani were planning , it was n't going to be pretty . '' 
 holding mary in his arms , zeke felt his heart pounding . 
 glancing at all of his men , he stared at the sympathy in all of their eyes . 
 `` for a half breed , she 's strong , '' jane said . 
 `` i 've never known anyone to hold off the change . '' 
 zeke agreed . 
 `` i do n't think she 'll survive the next change unless we find out what happened to her in the other pack 's care . '' 
 `` you do n't think they were experimenting , do you ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 frozen , zeke looked at the other woman . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 've heard rumors that some packs are using half breeds as experiments to try to strengthen their packs . 
 if mary was receiving injections , how do you know roger and dani were n't trying something ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 zeke looked at max , who nodded . 
 `` one of the packs close to us offered to pay money for jane , '' max said . 
 `` i killed the man who tried to pay for my woman . 
 there are packs out there experimenting , zeke . '' 
 stroking her hair , zeke wondered what the f ** k had happened to her after he bit her . 
 `` i need to go and f ** king find something out . '' 
 looking at jane , he saw the concern in the other woman 's eyes . 
 `` can i leave her with you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 zeke picked mary up in his arms helping her into the bed . 
 `` zeke ? '' 
 he turned to jane at her speaking his name . 
 `` her wolf responded to yours . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he tensed , looking at his men , waiting for them to speak up . 
 none of them did as the sympathy for mary overshadowed everything else . 
 `` is she the woman you 've been searching for ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 zeke did n't answer her , walking out of his bedroom . 
 one of the men handed him a pair of jeans . 
 he was still too warm to wear anything more than a pair of jeans . 
 `` where 's jessica ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` locked in her room , '' max said . 
 going down to the bottom floor , he did n't try the lock . 
 pressing his foot to the door , he slammed the wood open . 
 jessica jerked to her feet dropping the book she 'd been reading to the floor . 
 her blue eyes were wide and rounded as she looked at him . 
 she was a full breed , roger and dani 's supposed oldest daughter . 
 she did n't even smell like the bastards of that pack . 
 `` what were your parents involved in ? '' 
 he asked , advancing into the room . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 she stood up , holding her hands out trying to ward him off . 
 zeke was tired of being placated . 
 going to her side , he grabbed her arm and hauled her out of the room . 
 `` then let 's go and see what mommy and daddy had planned . '' 
 he did n't release her . 
 grabbing a silver chain from the door , he wrapped it around her upper arm . 
 she screamed , crying out for help . 
 he did n't give a shit . 
 after what he 'd just seen the little bitch was lucky not to be getting worse from him . 
 max did n't say a word as they headed out into the morning . 
 the sun was shining down , and the warmth of the summer was already high . 
 zeke kept walking , ignoring the sizzle as the silver bit into his skin . 
 he would n't give jessica the satisfaction of seeing him hurt . 
 the bitch was still part of an enemy pack . 
 `` please , i have n't done anything , '' she said , crying out . 
 `` no ? 
 well , we 're going to find out what the rest of the pack knew . '' 
 they covered the distance to where he 'd killed her pack . 
 the bodies were still lying on the floor only this time they were black from burning . 
 his men had returned to make sure they were all dead . 
 jessica sobbed as they passed . 
 her tears meant nothing to him . 
 walking around the bodies , he headed straight for the large house . 
 zeke had visited the house several times . 
 he 'd never been interested in fighting between packs . 
 `` what are you hoping to find ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` the answer as to why my woman 's wolf just tried to claw its way out of her . '' 
 jessica gasped . 
 `` is mary all right ? 
 nothing has happened to her , has it ? '' 
 grabbing both of her arms , zeke let all of his scorn for the girl show . 
 `` she 's f ** king grand . 
 something your f ** king parents did to her has caused this , and i 'm not going to stop until i find it . '' 
 `` i do n't know what they did . 
 i was never involved with anything like that . '' 
 he glared at the fourteen year old knowing he needed to rein in his anger . 
 zeke had heard of packs experimenting on their own , but he 'd never encountered it . 
 what the f ** k did they want with his sister if they were experimenting on half breeds ? 
 fuck ! 
 maybe his sister had simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 `` i was never involved in anything . 
 i swear . 
 you 've got to believe me . 
 i liked mary . 
 she was sweet and never ignored me , '' jessica said . 
 the words coming out of the woman were the truth . 
 zeke inhaled deeply . 
 any lies and he 'd detect them easily . 
 nothing . 
 her scent was clean . 
 whatever the pack had done jessica had no knowledge of it . 
 tying the silver chain around a chair with jessica there , zeke left her alone . 
 max was with him as they searched the house . 
 `` what exactly are we looking for ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` i do n't f ** king know . 
 something to do with experiments or science crap , i do n't know . '' 
 moving through the house the scent of the other pack was everywhere . 
 zeke felt his anger increase with every step he took . 
 he really wanted to go back home and wrap his arms around mary . 
 `` are you doing okay , alpha ? '' 
 max asked , staying close . 
 `` yeah . 
 i want to find out why packs are experimenting . 
 we 're dangerous creatures without experimenting on each other , '' zeke said . 
 the thought of mary being vulnerable after him biting her and her being used for some f ** king experiments pissed him off . 
 `` sorry about your sister , '' max said . 
 `` i 'll find her . 
 i 'm close . 
 i know i am . '' 
 they opened another door to find it empty apart from the usual furniture . 
 walking into the kitchen they opened the three doors from the kitchen . 
 one door opened to a set of stairs . 
 flicking on a light , zeke knew he was n't going to like what he discovered . 
 `` what 's going on with mary ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 he took the first step and then another . 
 `` she 's clearly something more than a toy . '' 
 max was also a friend outside of the pack . 
 zeke liked to stay in touch with all of his wolves . 
 `` until i know what shit she 's been dealing with , she 's my toy , and i do n't want any of you f ** kers to treat her otherwise . '' 
 together they walked down the stairs . 
 the room opened up into a full basement . 
 zeke froze as the experiments were clear to see . 
 there was a table with silver chains wrapped around . 
 needles , note papers , science equipment , and video equipment were in the room . 
 he did n't need any more evidence to know that mary 's pack had been involved in some serious shit . 
 `` holy f ** k. '' `` whatever the pack was involved in , mary was part of the experiments , '' zeke said , feeling like he 'd stumbled into something a lot bigger than he ever imagined . 
 he would inform his father , and with the help of another alpha , he 'd get to the bottom of the situation . 
 chapter six pleasure tore through her body , and mary opened her legs wide for it to continue . 
 the dream she 'd been having was so vivid and yet unclear at the same time . 
 the tongue stroking through the folds of her pu ** y was clear . 
 whose tongue it was she did not know . 
 the sensation from the experienced licks meant she did not care who it belonged to so long as they did not stop what they were doing . 
 opening her eyes she became alert to the fact she was no longer dreaming , but the pleasure was continuing . 
 looking down she saw zeke 's head moving between her thighs . 
 his tongue expertly licked her clit . 
 moaning , she gripped the sheet underneath her wishing there was something for her to hold on to . 
 grab his hair . 
 the urge to smash her cl * t against his face was strong . 
 all she wanted to do was take the pleasure he was giving to her . 
 releasing the sheet she reached down grabbing chunks of his hair as she thrust her h * ps against his face . 
 he growled against her tender flesh , and she cried out in response . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging him not really knowing what she was begging him for . 
 zeke tugged on her hands , and she let go of his hair . 
 he stood up , wiping her cream from his face . 
 she 'd not found orgasm , and now her body was on fire for what he could give her . 
 `` are you feeling better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she frowned at him not knowing what he was talking about . 
 then she remembered her wolf trying to escape . 
 mary did n't care about that . 
 her body was in demand of him . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` good , come here . '' 
 he stood at the end of the bed leaving her no choice other than to crawl to him . 
 his hand sank into her hair using his grip to pull her closer . 
 he was rough , and she f ** king loved the feel of him taking control . 
 zeke 's lips were on hers , and without him demanding she opened to receive him . 
 their tongues collided together , stroking and plunging deep . 
 the heat spilled out of her pu ** y soaking the tops of her thighs . 
 `` so f ** king responsive , '' he said , letting her lips go . 
 his teeth nipped down to her neck then along her collarbone . 
 `` you want to be f ** ked , do n't you , my little toy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she was n't a toy , but the words coming from his lips were driving her insane . 
 all she wished to do was please him . 
 down his lips went nipping at her br ** sts . 
 she pushed her chest out wanting his lips . 
 mary did n't care what he thought about her . 
 the heat was building inside her so her skin felt sensitive to the touch . 
 suddenly , he tugged on her sending her to her knees before him . 
 she noticed even though he was rough he did n't release her until he was sure she was safe . 
 `` suck me , '' he said , fisting his length with his free hand . 
 she looked at the length of his c ** k poking toward her . 
 the tip was slick with pr ** cum , glinting in the light from the room . 
 how much time had passed since this morning ? 
 opening her lips she licked the tip taking his cum into her mouth . 
 she moaned as his taste alone made her think of home . 
 it was the strangest feeling to have . 
 taking the tip of him inside her mouth , she sucked him in deep not wanting to let him go . 
 she was addicted , and the heat built inside her . 
 `` fuck , that 's it . 
 tighten those lips around me , '' he said , growling . 
 his thick arms tensed as he forced her to take more . 
 she relaxed taking more of him until he took her to the back of his throat . 
 he groaned , pulling out only to press back inside . 
 zeke built up a steady pace of thrusting into her mouth . 
 mary took him , loving the taste of his cum as it slid along her tongue , swallowing him down . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 he grunted as he pulled out of her mouth . 
 she stared up at him licking her lips . 
 he did n't move , caressing her lips with his fingers . 
 neither of them had come yet . 
 mary anticipated his next move as he lifted her up in his arms . 
 she cried out as he slammed her against the wall next to the door . 
 `` wrap your legs around me , '' he said , ordering her . 
 `` i 'm too heavy for you to lift me . '' 
 she became aware of her extra pounds . 
 `` i 'm a wolf and alpha . 
 i can lift you , and if you mention your f ** king weight again i 'll smack your ass until it 's red raw . '' 
 he snarled the words in her face . 
 smiling , she wrapped her legs around his waist . 
 he reached between them sinking his c ** k into her flesh . 
 she felt bruised inside and yet hot at the same time for what he could give her . 
 `` so f ** king wet . 
 you 're my woman . 
 my f ** king bitch . '' 
 he slammed into her after each word he spoke . 
 crying out , she held onto his body as he pounded her with her back against the wall . 
 she was surprised by how the wall still stood . 
 turning , he pulled out of her body and dropped her onto the center of the bed . 
 still , neither of them had come . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 she asked , curious to know . 
 his eyes flashed amber , and the power rolled over him . 
 `` lie back on the bed , facing the ceiling . '' 
 there was no way for her to deny him . 
 he put the alpha into his voice . 
 keeping her gaze on him she leaned back , lying down on the bed , facing the ceiling . 
 he crawled onto the bed shocking her as he knelt at her head . 
 `` i 'm going to lick you as you suck me . '' 
 `` you 'll choke me , '' she said , looking at his stiff shaft . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 she would have to trust him . 
 looking at the thick shaft she wondered how she was going to take him deep with him over her . 
 nodding her head , mary knew she wanted to try more than she wanted anything else . 
 `` okay . '' 
 zeke moved over her , presenting his shaft to her waiting lips . 
 opening up , he slid inside moving into her mouth . 
 closing her eyes , she focused on not panicking . 
 his hands moved to her thighs , opening her legs wide . 
 in the next instant she felt his fingers sliding between her folds . 
 slowly , she sucked him into her mouth creating a steady path while also feeling what he was doing to her own body . 
 fingers slid inside her core , turning to stroke over her g-spot . 
 crying out , she took more of him into her mouth . 
 pre-cum leaked out coated her tongue . 
 she swallowed him down , loving the taste of him . 
 the fingers inside her slid out as his tongue replaced those fingers . 
 she tensed as his slick digits explored the puckered hole of her anus . 
 `` relax , baby . 
 remember who you belong to and what you agreed . 
 you 're mine to play with . 
 my toy . '' 
 she 'd never forget as he kept reminding her . 
 he was n't giving her a chance to grow accustomed to anything . 
 less than twenty-four hours ago she 'd been a virgin , and now she was n't . 
 it does n't matter . 
 in the short space of time her body had felt more her own than it had in the entire time she 'd been bitten . 
 his fingers circled her anus teasing her . 
 she focused on the c ** k in her mouth , sucking him in deep . 
 zeke moaned , and she cried out as his lips sucked on her clit . 
 they were torturing each other , and yet neither of them relented . 
 he pumped his hips , and she relaxed enough for him to go deeper . 
 with her relaxed his finger slid inside her ass . 
 the burning from his finger pulsed inside her crashing with the pleasure , and mary screamed her release around his stiff prick . 
 after her orgasm zeke did n't give up . 
 he circled her cl * t as she shuddered from how sensitive she felt . 
 the finger inside her ass went deeper . 
 `` suck my dick , '' zeke said . 
 `` i 'm not stopping until you swallow down my cum . '' 
 mary fought the urge to bite him . 
 it would serve him right for treating her like ... like what she did n't have a clue . 
 shaking her head , she took his c ** k deeper into her mouth wanting him to lose control and give her his release . 
 the wolf inside her purred in satisfaction at the decision to make him lose control . 
 moaning , mary wrapped her arms around his waist and took him in deep . 
 it was her turn to feel him lose it . 
 **** zeke felt the change within her . 
 mary opened her lips taking him deep into her mouth . 
 he also sensed her wolf was close to the surface once again . 
 what he sensed was the wolf 's desire to please him . 
 he knew mary was safe . 
 the wolf was not going to try to get out providing she got what she wanted and was sated . 
 he would do anything to sate the wolf and protect mary . 
 what he found in the other pack 's house worried him . 
 a pack that close to him was experimenting , and he 'd not known what they were doing . 
 he 'd talked to his father , who was as shocked as he was . 
 they had both agreed to increase the search for his sister . 
 there was no way he was giving up . 
 zeke could not leave his sister in the hands of lunatics . 
 the very thought of his sister in pain sent the lust away . 
 forcing the memories of what he 'd seen to the back of his mind , zeke brought himself back to the present . 
 mary 's mouth was doing wicked things to his cock , and as he inhaled her fragrance his c ** k thickened once again . 
 one of his hands was holding him up so he would n't crush her while the other was teasing her ass . 
 he was n't going to get rid of her . 
 the next month was his , and he was n't going to give up a single day with her . 
 his pack and talking with his father would help him deal with their enemies . 
 his father had agreed to allow him this time with mary while he took over gathering more information . 
 it was a joint effort between both his pack and his father 's , as well as a couple more who wanted to know more about the disappearance of wolves . 
 after he explained everything that happened , his father understood how important the next month was . 
 if he did n't feel the urge to claim her as his mate , zeke knew he would let her go . 
 there was no need to mate to someone who was n't destined for him . 
 adding a second finger into her ass , he worked her with the slick juices of her release . 
 thrusting his c ** k into her mouth , he went deeper feeling the orgasm starting to begin . 
 pushing into her mouth he felt her relax , and he slid into her throat . 
 she did n't fight against him , and his release poured out of him into her waiting throat . 
 there was nothing for her to do other than accept his cum . 
 her throat worked him tightly . 
 when she could take no more , he pulled out of her throat and collapsed to the side . 
 his fingers were still in her ass , and he was n't ready to call an end to it . 
 with both hands available , he used his free one to play with her pu ** y . 
 her cream was leaking out of her cunt , and he coated his finger with it to tease her clit . 
 she moaned , shuddering from his touch . 
 `` why are you always different ? '' 
 she asked , breathlessly . 
 he tensed , staring up at her . 
 her head was resting on a pillow . 
 she looked so beautiful and lax as she stared down at him . 
 zeke found himself wanting that expression on her face at all times . 
 he wondered what she 'd suffered at the hands of those bastards , roger and dani . 
 the death he 'd given them had been too kind after finding out what they 'd done , not only to mary but also to his sister . 
 you do n't know what they 've done to her yet . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , sliding his finger in deep . 
 his c ** k hardened once again . 
 being a wolf gave him a libido that meant it did n't take him long to restart . 
 `` one moment you 're sweet and nice . 
 the next moment i think you 're going to kill me . '' 
 she ran fingers through her hair . 
 he liked the way she was relaxed within his company . 
 `` i make you nervous ? '' 
 he added a second finger into her core . 
 her scent was making his wolf purr against his skin . 
 their wolves were a match for each other . 
 did she feel the same way ? 
 `` yes . '' 
 her one word was breathless . 
 `` good . '' 
 their gazes locked together . 
 zeke could n't look away from the intensity of her gaze . 
 `` why did you stay a virgin ? '' 
 he found himself asking , curious to know . 
 her gaze became hooded , and she shook her head . 
 `` no , i 'm not going to answer that . '' 
 she pulled away from him and tucked her knees underneath her . 
 lying back he watched her come over him . 
 her tits hung down , grazing his chest . 
 keeping his hands by his sides , he looked up at her . 
 `` who is the real man ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` why were you a virgin ? '' 
 he countered her question with his own . 
 her hands rested on his shoulders . 
 she was so close her lips almost brushing his . 
 the scent of sex and need permeated the air . 
 he could n't resist any longer . 
 twirling a strand of hair between his fingers , he smiled up at her . 
 zeke was n't going to rush . 
 he was enjoying his time with her . 
 `` you got nothing to say ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'll answer your question when you answer mine . '' 
 he caressed her hair , stroking his fingers through the length . 
 she stayed over him . 
 her breath fanned his face , and she widened the space between their lips . 
 sinking his fingers into her hair , his gaze roamed over her body . 
 her ni ** les were hard pebbles poking at his chest . 
 `` you 're really not going to tell me . '' 
 `` you 're my toy , mary . 
 i can do with you as i please . '' 
 her eyes dilated as she looked at him . 
 `` tell me more about your time at the other pack , '' he said , wanting to know more . 
 he maneuvered her so she was straddling his hips . 
 gripping his thick shaft , he slid himself along her creamy slit into her cunt . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 she moaned , sliding down his length , taking him to the hilt inside her . 
 he felt the tip bump against her cervix he was so deep . 
 `` everything . '' 
 her hands remained on his shoulders as he curved his hands around her h * ps keeping her still on him . 
 her creamy cunt gripped him snugly , and there was no other place he 'd rather be than inside her . 
 `` they kept me locked in a cell . 
 i think the bars were made out of silver . '' 
 she whimpered as he jostled his hips . 
 he did n't want her memories to be scary . 
 distracting her from her thoughts , he caressed his fingers up to tease her ni ** les . 
 `` i know they were silver because i reached out to touch them . 
 the metal burned my body . 
 i remember screaming in pain . '' 
 zeke pinched the buds of her br ** sts , showing her another kind of pleasure mixed with the pain . 
 `` i ca n't think when you do that . '' 
 `` get used to it . 
 i 'll be f ** king you every chance i get . '' 
 she nodded , reopened her eyes and smiled down at him . 
 `` you 're torturing me . '' 
 `` with the best kind of torture and equipment . 
 my hands . '' 
 he showed her his hands . 
 `` and my dick . '' 
 cupping her h * ps he thrust up , and they both cried out . 
 their wolves were as close as they could get . 
 `` what were the injections ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they said it would tame my wolf . '' 
 mary was struggling to talk . 
 he liked seeing her mind full of the pleasure he was creating . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` roger and dani said i was n't capable of allowing my wolf to completely take over . 
 even when i turn i 'm at risk of not turning back . '' 
 she licked her lips , opening her eyes . 
 those amber eyes showed him how close she was to letting go . 
 she 'd never turned unless in control of the full moon . 
 mary clearly had no clue as to the kind of power she possessed . 
 no , she was n't as strong as he was , having been born to the life . 
 she would n't have the kind of control he had , but with practice he could train her . 
 `` both of them told me i would n't survive if i gave in . 
 i took the injections every time they offered . 
 i did n't want to die . 
 i do n't lead an exciting life or a fulfilling life , but i do n't want to die . '' 
 sitting up , he cupped her cheek . 
 `` i 'm not going to kill you . '' 
 there was no way for him to kill the woman fated to be his . 
 slowly , hour after hour he was recalling her scent , and mary was finally starting to smell like he remembered . 
 going to her neck , he leaned in close inhaling her fresh fragrance that was no longer masked by chemicals or other crap they were hurting her with . 
 she was starting to smell like heaven . 
 turning her onto her back , zeke pulled out of her only to slam back inside . 
 her arms circled his neck holding onto him as he f ** ked her hard and fast . 
 the times they 'd been together he 'd not worn a condom . 
 zeke had no intention of wearing any rubber . 
 she was fertile and his mate . 
 it was time for him to give mary what he should have been giving her a long time ago . 
 the heat she 'd been suffering was because of him . 
 no other male would approach her with his own claim over her . 
 every time he took her other wolves would be able to smell him all over her body . 
 the possessive wave that swept over him startled zeke . 
 she 'd gone from being his toy to meaning something more . 
 the moment she 'd spoken up over the crowd of full breeds to save the girl , zeke had known there was something different about her . 
 he 'd not been wrong . 
 this woman , his woman , was everything he wanted . 
 his pack needed a queen , and he knew with the respect coming from his pack , they would accept her as their own . 
 slamming inside her , zeke brought her to orgasm before he found his own . 
 he would keep her safe , but he also needed to get to the bottom of why her other pack had been experimenting . 
 chapter seven after she phoned work organizing the vacation time for the month to spend as zeke 's toy , mary was able to relax . 
 she loved her life as a human . 
 yes , there was no one to live her life with and she never trusted men , but it was her life . 
 she enjoyed baking and helping out at the homeless shelter several blocks from her apartment . 
 work as a receptionist in the advertising firm was fun . 
 no one , apart from the close employees , ever remembered her . 
 she liked her life like that . 
 mary had watched women who struggled to work because of all of the male attention . 
 there was a time she 'd wanted something similar , but then she 'd wised up . 
 no one would ever bother her enough to make working hard . 
 she did n't know everyone who worked in the building as she did n't venture farther than the ground floor staff room . 
 max stood with her as jane was inside making breakfast for the members of zeke 's pack who 'd stayed behind . 
 she was n't allowed to leave the house unless max or one of the men was with her . 
 `` i 'm not going to flee , '' she said . 
 `` i struck a bargain for jessica 's life . 
 i 'm not going to leave before i 've fulfilled my part of the bargain . '' 
 besides , she was n't ready to leave the sex behind . 
 zeke had awakened something inside her . 
 for the first time since being bitten she was starting to feel like her old self again . 
 she had always felt ill and filled with burning heat . 
 since zeke had been f ** king her , she 'd been able to focus and remain calm throughout . 
 last night had been hot as hell . 
 she 'd loved the minutes when she was able to be on top taking his c ** k deeply within her . 
 `` i 'm not here in order to stop you fleeing , '' max said , looking up at the sunshine . 
 the sunlight did feel rather lovely today , mary thought . 
 `` then why ? '' 
 `` since finding out ... some things , he wants you protected . '' 
 jessica was sat inside with jane , eating . 
 glancing behind her at the door mary saw the young girl 's shoulders were hunched over her bowl of cereal . 
 she 'd not been the same since she had gone out with zeke . 
 `` he would n't have killed her , you know , '' max said , drawing her attention away from the other girl . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` zeke , the alpha . 
 he 's a tough man , but he 's not a bad man . 
 she did n't smell like the others . 
 neither did you . 
 he would n't have killed you . '' 
 max smirked . 
 `` i imagine when you offered to give him anything he could n't resist your tempting offer . '' 
 heat filled her cheeks . 
 max was n't being mean . 
 he did n't have the first clue as to what her life had been like before she met zeke . 
 the men loved to tease her about her curves . 
 `` i 've hurt you , '' max said , looking remorseful . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mary shook her head . 
 `` you lie badly . 
 every type of emotion has a certain smell . 
 i can detect it . '' 
 he tapped his nose . 
 tucking some hair behind her ear , she ran her hand down her shirt front . 
 zeke had allowed her to wear clothes while others were at the house . 
 she 'd begged him this morning so she could have some dignity . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 just the men are not all that nice with , erm , my shape , '' she said , feeling her cheeks getting hotter . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't always think . 
 men can be such ass ** les . '' 
 max looked sheepish . 
 `` this is not the kind of conversation i want to be having , '' mary said , heading away from the house . 
 her humiliation was complete . 
 `` we 're all different , '' max said , following her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the bitches that are born rarely have anything about them other than being slender with no tits to their name . '' 
 he looked down at the ground , clearly shocked to have spoken to her about it . 
 `` shit , i 'm ruining this . 
 i turned jane because she 's everything i want in a woman . 
 i love her curves , and i would n't be seen with a full breed . '' 
 he showed off his arms and the thickness of the muscles . 
 had she entered an alternative universe where the men did n't have a filter between their mouth and brain ? 
 `` i 've been with slender women , and i feel like i 'm going to break them . 
 jane , she 's all woman , and with her being a wolf , i know she can take the kind of f ** king i want to give her . '' 
 if her cheeks got any hotter she 'd be able to set a fire with them . 
 `` erm , i think you 're giving me a compliment . '' 
 `` jane would have my hide if she knew i was talking to you about it . '' 
 `` i do know , max . 
 i think you 're scaring the woman half to death , '' jane said , wiping her hands on a towel . 
 mary chuckled as she saw one of her eyebrows raised and a smile lifting her lips . 
 `` go and get your breakfast , '' jane said . 
 `` i 'll handle this . '' 
 max looked happy to disappear . 
 looking up at the sunlight , mary basked in the warm glow on her face . 
 jane cleared her throat , chuckling . 
 `` max is not the best man to talk to if you 're hoping for tact . '' 
 `` i was n't hoping for anything . 
 we were talking about jessica , and it sort of moved into something else entirely . '' 
 mary smiled , kicking some of the stones as she stared down at the ground . 
 `` i know what you mean about men not liking us for our fuller shape . 
 i gave up on men until i met max . 
 i saw him across a bar . 
 i was drinking a cocktail , and he just would n't look away . '' 
 jane smiled , immersed in the memory . 
 `` he approached me and started talking . 
 i remember being enthralled as he did n't check out the other slender women in the bar . 
 his eyes were on me and me alone . 
 i felt hot , sexy , desirable . '' 
 mary saw the love shining in her eyes . 
 she envied the feeling , wishing she could feel something similar . 
 `` after he bit me , he was there guiding me through the transition . 
 he was my mate , mary . 
 the man i was destined to be with . '' 
 jane looked back at the house . 
 `` every time i 'm with him , it feels like the first time all over again . '' 
 jane turned her gaze back to mary . 
 `` i hope one day you can know that kind of feeling . '' 
 `` i hope so , too . '' 
 jane reached out , touching her skin . 
 `` come in when you 're ready for breakfast . '' 
 mary was shocked when she was left outside alone . 
 staring up at the sun , mary basked in the feelings erupting inside her . 
 her body was her own , and she never wanted to lose this feeling surrounding her with warmth . 
 when zeke wrapped his arms around her waist , she sank against him , smiling . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing important . '' 
 they snuggled together , and the heat sizzling between them had nothing to do with the sunlight cascading down on them . 
 his fingers worked underneath her shirt , stroking her stomach . 
 `` i wish you were naked . 
 i 'd bend you over right now and slide inside you . '' 
 `` your pack can see us . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 they know who you belong to . '' 
 the land , his skin all felt like home . 
 mary felt safe and protected , which was strange considering she was only supposed to be his toy . 
 `` jane and max are right . 
 if i was to walk away and not claim you , there would be men in my pack who would want a taste of you . 
 they all know you were a virgin and ca n't believe men have n't tried to get into your pu ** y , '' he said , kissing her neck . 
 she gasped . 
 heat flooded her pu ** y , soaking her panties . 
 how could he get such a quick response from her ? 
 all he ever needed to do was give her a few quick responses and she was ready for him . 
 the heat flooding through her should embarrass her , and yet she was burning for him . 
 his c ** k was the only thing she wanted between her thighs . 
 `` i wo n't be with anyone from your pack . '' 
 she could n't think of being with another man , not after her time with zeke . 
 `` there 's something i need to show you , '' zeke said , taking her hand . 
 he led her away from the house . 
 his fingers tightened around hers as they walked the distance to the other pack house . 
 staring at the place she 'd considered her home for a few days a month , mary was overcome by a shocking wave of cold . 
 the building looked large , gloomy , and unwelcoming . 
 she remembered the whispers as she used to pass the other members going to her room . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there 's something i want to know from you . '' 
 the seriousness on his face let her know he was n't trying to scare her . 
 `` okay . '' 
 through the front door they went all the way to the kitchen . 
 the house smelled awful and disgusting . 
 pressing a hand to her nose , she felt a wave of sickness roll over her . 
 `` does it smell like this because of them dying ? '' 
 `` no , this is the smell that clung to your pack . 
 they 're a dirty pack with dirty deeds , mary . 
 their souls were dead long before their bodies . '' 
 mary could n't ever remember scenting something so bad before in her life . 
 it took every ounce of control not to vomit from the acrid burn . 
 she would need to take a shower to rid her body of this . 
 zeke opened the door leading down to the basement . 
 for some reason mary tensed , feeling something bad had happened down there . 
 `` no , i ca n't go down there , '' she said , overcome with sweat . 
 `` i need you to follow me down . '' 
 seeing the somber look on his face did n't help . 
 trying not to breathe she followed him downstairs to where something bad awaited . 
 the light illuminated everything . 
 images flashed through her mind . 
 pain and death consumed her . 
 she glanced in the far corner , and memories suddenly swamped her . 
 no , she could n't stay in the house . 
 moving closer , she wrapped her fingers around the pole feeling the sizzle of the silver . 
 something bad happened here , and what was worse , roger and dani had somehow wiped her memory of everything . 
 **** zeke fisted his hands as mary held onto the bar . 
 he 'd never seen a cage made out of silver before . 
 the look on her face let him know it was n't the worst thing to have happened . 
 his father had n't found anything out about experiments , but he knew mary was the only one close enough to have any information . 
 his father had asked for him to try to get some information out of mary . 
 he hated the pain he was causing her . 
 the disgust she felt was rolling off her in waves . 
 she despised this place and feared it with equal measure . 
 `` how can they have affected my memories ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i remember being here , but i also remember sweating , panicking as i watch something happening over there . '' 
 mary released the bar and walked over to the science table . 
 she reached out as if to touch it then pulled her hand away . 
 `` i need to get out of here . '' 
 zeke ran after her as she charged out of the house . 
 for a half breed she was f ** king fast . 
 out in the sunlight he chased after as she ran over the gravel then across the field . 
 the energy pulsed off her , and he shouted her name . 
 nothing was stopping her . 
 he knew she was n't running away from him . 
 no , something else was chasing her away , and he needed to get to her before she fell . 
 then , suddenly , mary 's wolf met his eyes . 
 there was no pain as she kept running . 
 mary was a beautiful golden brown in her wolf form . 
 he paused as he watched her gracefully run . 
 love , lust , and respect rolled into one as he stared after the woman he 'd been looking for since he 'd bitten her . 
 zeke did n't take the time to shed his clothes . 
 running after her , he called to his wolf , and then he could hear her . 
 `` finally , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm free . 
 i 'm free , and you can remember what they did to us . '' 
 her wolf was profound , begging to be heard . 
 all this time mary 's wolf had been trying to save her by stopping her from making so many mistakes . 
 following after her , zeke listened to her innermost thoughts . 
 he was her alpha , and they were connected in the most profound way . 
 his seed was inside her at her most fertile time . 
 `` they killed half breeds . 
 they hurt everyone who came into that room . 
 it 's dangerous . 
 tell everyone what is happening . '' 
 what was happening ? 
 zeke ran through the trees , chasing after her . 
 images flashed in his mind , and they were all of mary 's memories of what happened in that room in the basement . 
 he stumbled at the horror her wolf had remembered . 
 mary 's wolf had n't forgotten anything . 
 she 'd saved the memories waiting for the right moment to show mary . 
 `` we had to wait for him . 
 he will protect us . '' 
 mary had been drugged keeping her docile as they injected her with all kinds of drugs . 
 they had been finding a drug that would harm , even kill full breeds . 
 roger and dani had been greedy wanting the power that such a drug would give them . 
 he stopped as he recognized his sister . 
 mary was collapsed on the floor , her body hurt and bruised as she stared at the table . 
 his sister fought , screaming out , crying out , warning them that her death would be avenged . 
 `` she lived . '' 
 her wolf spoke to him . 
 he could n't let her get away . 
 setting off at a run , he chased after mary . 
 picking up his pace he got to the edge of the waterfall in time to watch her jump off . 
 following her down , he saw her break the surface as a human . 
 her female scream was the last thing he heard before he went under . 
 breaking the surface , he heard her screaming . 
 she was holding onto the grass on the other side . 
 her body was wet and na ** d as she held onto the grass . 
 the screaming stopped suddenly . 
 swimming to her side , he put his hand on her back , wanting to offer her comfort . 
 `` i remember , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't believe i went back there month after month . '' 
 she coughed . 
 her fingers sank into the grass , her nails covered in dirt . 
 placing his hands on either side of her head he pressed kisses to the back of her neck trying to take the awful memories away . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` how can they have taken my memories ? '' 
 she asked , glancing at him over her shoulder . 
 `` your wolf took the memories to help you deal with what was happening to you . 
 she was waiting for the right time when you were both protected . '' 
 her wolf was waiting for him . 
 he sensed it more now than ever before . 
 her body was shaking but not from cold . 
 `` you talk about my wolf as if it 's another being looking after me . '' 
 pressing a hand to her chest covering her heart , he kissed her neck . 
 `` your wolf is here . 
 she knows what is best for you . 
 she saw the danger and did everything she could to keep you safe . '' 
 the wolf and human were as one . 
 he loved the feel of his wolf and accepted him within his body . 
 `` the woman on the table , do you remember her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 she was pushed into a cage beside me . 
 i remember her sniffing me . '' 
 mary turned in his arms , staring up at him . 
 `` she told me you would n't stop until you found me . '' 
 his family had known he 'd been looking for the woman he 'd bitten for some time . 
 `` her name was debbie . 
 she was my sister and went missing over a year ago . 
 what happened to her ? '' 
 `` she escaped . 
 i remember her tearing through the bars as if they meant nothing . 
 she was the first full breed they tried to experiment on . 
 i do n't know what else happened to her . '' 
 mary stared up at him with tears in her eyes . 
 `` they were trying to hurt all other packs . '' 
 pushing the hair off her face , he stared into her eyes . 
 stroking her cheek , zeke was so proud of her surviving even down to remembering his sister . 
 `` did they succeed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll have to get in touch with my father . 
 his pack is based several miles away . '' 
 tilting her head back he saw she was pale . 
 `` i 've never seen a half breed change so quickly . '' 
 `` i 've never changed without the help of the full moon . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 the image of his c ** k disappearing in her mouth flashed across his mind . 
 leaning down , he pressed his lips to hers . 
 her hands went to his shoulders , holding onto him . 
 wrapping a hand around her waist he tugged her closer . 
 plunging his tongue into her mouth , he closed his eyes relishing the taste of her skin . 
 her moans vibrated down to his cock , making him hard . 
 breaking the kiss , he lifted her up in his arms locking onto one of her ni ** les . 
 she cried out , sinking her fingers into his hair . 
 he was going to f ** k her . 
 zeke needed to f ** k her , to mark her , and to claim her so no other male would ever try to take her away from him . 
 `` zeke . '' 
 she spoke his name with a moan . 
 mary wrapped her legs around him . 
 gripping his shaft , he found her entrance and slammed inside . 
 her body was open for him . 
 after all the memories he wanted to give her something pleasurable . 
 she cried out , thrusting her chest out to his waiting mouth . 
 holding her tightly , zeke f ** ked her hard , going as deep into her body as he could . 
 kissing up her chest , he claimed her lips once again as he f ** ked her cunt . 
 claim her . 
 he pushed the need away , wishing he could just give in . 
 slamming inside her hard , zeke let the pleasure swallow them both up . 
 everything else could wait as he f ** ked his toy hard . 
 she 's more than a toy . 
 zeke knew mary was more , but for now he was going to enjoy what she 'd given him . 
 jessica would n't have died that night unlike the rest of the pack . 
 mary also would have survived as well . 
 he was damned for keeping her to him . 
 one month . 
 he had one month to make her his mate . 
 chapter eight one week into her stay mary sat in the garden playing cards with jane . 
 jessica was on the swing staring up at the sun . 
 the girl was taking the death of her family really well . 
 the rest of the men were inside having a meeting . 
 four cars had arrived that morning , and mary knew they were all alphas from different packs . 
 jane placed her palm on top of the deck as the two cards matched . 
 `` what 's going on with you , mary ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm just wondering what the meetings all about , '' she said , pressing a card on top of the others . 
 glancing toward jessica , she could n't help but be worried about the young girl . 
 `` she 's doing fine , you know . '' 
 `` how do you know ? 
 her family was killed before her eyes . 
 she should be feeling something . '' 
 `` the men have been talking , and jessica was considered a mutt amongst the pack . '' 
 mary frowned , looking back at jessica . 
 whenever she 'd been at the house , jessica was treated like a princess even though she recalled the young girl not smelling like the rest of the pack . 
 in fact , jessica smelled a lot different from the pack she 'd been part of . 
 `` a mutt ? '' 
 `` yeah , roger and dani were not her real parents . 
 she was a half breed they took in , or at least that 's what rumor is saying . '' 
 smacking her hand on top of the pack , mary won the round of cards . 
 jane chuckled . 
 `` jessica was not a half breed . 
 she was their daughter . 
 it 's what i was told . '' 
 jane was looking at her with sympathy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` mary , you were n't there all the time . 
 from what i heard you were not allowed to mingle with the group . 
 jessica talked to you and was punished for it . '' 
 jerking at what jane was telling her , mary knew she 'd missed a hell of a lot in her time at the pack . 
 putting her pile of cards down , she walked over toward the other girl . 
 jessica did n't pause in her swinging , and there were tears in her eyes . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` about me being a half breed ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the young girl nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i was never allowed to say anything . 
 i can turn at will , but roger and dani threatened to hurt me if i told anyone about what i could do . 
 no one knew half breeds could turn at will . 
 they killed my parents , and my father was a full breed . 
 he mated with my mother , and i was born nine months later . 
 i saw them kill my parents , and they terrified me . 
 when i met you i thought you could save me . 
 i was right . 
 they were all prepared to let me die that night with them . '' 
 `` how come you 've never said anything to me since then ? '' 
 mary asked , feeling slightly hurt . 
 `` we 've not really had time to talk . '' 
 jessica shrugged . 
 `` i could n't tell anyone , and it was easier to keep the truth to myself . '' 
 mary could n't argue with her . 
 `` why make you pretend to be their daughter ? '' 
 `` i always wondered about that , but i guess it probably had to do with zeke and other alphas visiting . 
 they 'd start to ask questions if they saw a ten year old without her parents wandering about the house . 
 they did it to stop being suspected of something . '' 
 `` does zeke know this ? '' 
 jessica nodded . 
 `` they kept files . 
 i did n't even remember , but without the injections and reading those files i was able to remember everything . 
 i 've been a wolf a lot longer than you . 
 i was born into it even though i 'm a half breed . 
 my dad did n't turn my mom until after i was born . 
 i have his blood inside me and my mom 's human side whereas you were changed a lot later in life . '' 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 wrapping her fingers around the metal pole of the swing she listened to jessica talk . 
 `` they took me when i was ten years old . 
 roger and dani made a file up with everything . 
 they experimented on me as well . '' 
 `` did they discover anything ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` no . 
 they did n't discover anything , but they could n't risk me leaving . 
 for some reason they did n't kill me and decided i 'd serve them well . '' 
 she stopped swinging , and mary wrapped her arms around the young woman . 
 `` they killed my parents , and i was caught up in the fray . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 mary saw jane had disappeared inside the house giving them some privacy . 
 `` i 've heard what they 've been saying . 
 roger and dani are responsible for kidnapping other wolves . 
 they were experimenting on them in the hope to gain power . '' 
 jessica was sobbing . 
 stroking her blonde hair , mary listened as they had it all out . 
 `` jane said you were punished for talking to me , '' she said . 
 `` they did n't want anyone to slip up . 
 they said you were special because of who bit you . '' 
 `` what did they do to you ? '' 
 mary asked , hating herself for not knowing what was happening when she visited . 
 `` they put me in a cage without food for a couple of days . 
 others got it a lot worse than i did . '' 
 `` if you 'd told me i would have put a stop to it , '' mary said . 
 `` i know . 
 they were scary . 
 i could n't tell you what was happening . 
 what if you never came back ? 
 the best time i remember was when zeke came for dinner . '' 
 mary paused . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they would spray the house in all different scents , and no one would disappear to the basement . 
 i do n't remember being in the basement , but i must have for them to have experimented on . '' 
 nothing was making any sense , and mary knew she would need to talk with zeke . 
 `` the injections you talked about , what were they ? '' 
 `` they were supposed to relax us . 
 tranquilizers with hints of silver to keep us docile so we would n't fight . 
 i 've read some of the research . '' 
 mary stared up at the sun . 
 the heat did nothing to warm her bones . 
 whatever had happened with roger and dani , she felt it was n't at an end . 
 `` it 's time for dinner , '' jane said , calling out of them . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 jessica asked . 
 `` i 'll be there soon . '' 
 she smiled at the two women as she made her way around the front of the house . 
 mary heard the muffling in the background from the kitchen . 
 entering the study she saw the paperwork spread out across the desk that zeke had retrieved . 
 a pair of glasses lay on the top of the paperwork . 
 walking closer she ran her hands over the files , and recognizing jessica 's name she pulled the file out and opened it . 
 a picture of a young jessica looked up at her . 
 she hated the sadness in the girl 's eyes . 
 no one should be sad at such a young age . 
 flicking through the file she saw codes and names of chemicals along with marks out of ten . 
 none of the notes made sense . 
 flicking through the pages she saw a daily plan of what they forced the girl through . 
 they beat her in order to force the change . 
 after many months jessica finally changed into a wolf . 
 there was a note along the bottom . 
 `` serum induces amnesia . 
 given to project one-zero-one , and subject shows no memory of treatment . '' 
 mary read the words at the bottom . 
 after that entry there was no other entry made . 
 `` they decided jessica was not useful , but they put her down as being an asset for future reference . 
 they were going to use her to lure more wolves . 
 her blonde hair and innocence were going to be the lure , '' zeke said from the doorway . 
 he carried a plate of food . 
 at the sight of him alone she felt a great wave of need flood her body . 
 she 'd spent the whole night in his bed , but it still did n't feel long enough . 
 `` i ca n't believe we forgot all of this , '' she said . 
 closing the file she thought about what he said . 
 `` they were going to use her virginity to lure other wolves to claim her ? '' 
 `` yeah , they had an entire plan set up . 
 my sister worked for a newspaper , and she 'd been keeping an eye on the dead bodies . 
 each dead body has a mark that other wolves can detect . '' 
 `` your sister went out looking for the answer to the dead wolves ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` yes , she did n't find anything at first , but then she stumbled onto this pack . '' 
 he moved closer . 
 the scent of spicy chicken was overpowering . 
 her appetite had disappeared yesterday , but now she could n't stop eating . 
 he placed the plate down on the clearest part of the desk . 
 `` eat . 
 you need to keep your strength up . '' 
 nodding , she grabbed a piece of chicken and a napkin . 
 sinking her teeth into the succulent flesh , mary moaned as the flavors exploded on her tongue . 
 `` jane is one fine cook . '' 
 she loved cooking , but it was nice to eat without worrying about anything . 
 zeke kept staring at her then down at her stomach . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he moved behind her , caressing her stomach as he pulled out a file with her name on it . 
 `` this one is yours . '' 
 mary stared at the file suddenly feeling sick . 
 `` i do n't think i want to read that , '' she said , touching his hand where it lay against her stomach . 
 `` keep eating . 
 i 've read it . '' 
 she took a chunk out of the chicken . 
 he put the file down and kept a hand on her at all times . 
 `` your allergy against silver was a problem . 
 they wrote that for two minutes you had died on the table . 
 the doctor panicked , brought you back to life , and they gave you the serum . 
 there was nothing more they could do for you . '' 
 `` why keep me alive ? '' 
 she asked . 
 if it had been her she would have killed anyone who posed a threat to any experiment . 
 she liked the fact they had n't killed her , but it did n't make any sense as to why they kept her alive . 
 `` they have their reasons . 
 i 'm sure we 'll find them out soon . '' 
 he was being vague . 
 finished with the chicken , she reached for some more . 
 `` i want to introduce you to my father , '' he said . 
 tensing in his arms , she glanced behind her . 
 `` is that wise ? '' 
 `` why would n't it be ? '' 
 he asked , stroking her stomach . 
 `` we 're not exactly seeing each other . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` my father knows i 've got a woman in the house . 
 it would be rude not to introduce her . '' 
 `` i 'm the woman you 're using as a toy , '' she said , biting her lip . 
 `` wolves do n't care about that . 
 you 're mine to show off as i will . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 it was his father , and she was n't going to cause waves between family members . 
 **** zeke stared at the file with her name on . 
 he could n't tell her the only reason they 'd kept her alive was because of him . 
 they had known all along who 'd bitten her , but they kept mary from him , masking her scent so he could n't find her . 
 his father knew what was happening , and he also knew about zeke taking mary as a toy . 
 `` it 's not the best way to get your woman to stick around you , son , '' his father had said . 
 fortunately , he 'd agreed not to tell zeke 's secret about him being the one to bite her . 
 mary reached for another piece of chicken , and he caressed her stomach . 
 his seed had taken within her . 
 she was no longer fertile but pregnant with his baby . 
 `` all of these files . '' 
 `` there are about twenty , '' he said . 
 `` does that include mine and jessica 's ? '' 
 she asked , biting into another piece of chicken . 
 `` no . 
 it 's twenty-two if you include yours . 
 my sister is in there as well . '' 
 `` what does her file say ? '' 
 `` it 's stamped with ` escaped ' over it . '' 
 mary tapped his hand , moving away from him . 
 he watched her wipe her mouth on the napkin before picking up the tub of potato salad . 
 he 'd brought more than enough to feed her . 
 zeke hated the thought of her going hungry , and after yesterday she 'd been avoiding food . 
 he was n't going to let her get ill because of everything that was happening . 
 she was the reason he was n't going to give up on finding his sister . 
 `` did they have a plan ? '' 
 she asked , eating some salad . 
 looking down at the files , he looked up at her . 
 `` we 're trying to figure everything out . 
 it looked like they had a plan to take over other packs . 
 dani and roger were power hungry . 
 they were intent on ruling the whole surrounding area of wolves . '' 
 `` i do n't understand why . 
 they had a pack of their own . '' 
 `` they simply wanted more . 
 it was n't enough for them to keep to their own grounds . '' 
 zeke gathered up the files into one neat stack . 
 his father was filled with happiness knowing his daughter had fought to get out . 
 `` something so simple should n't have created something so f ** king awful , '' she said . 
 `` you 're talking about them hurting other people , other wolves . '' 
 `` they were coming after my pack . '' 
 zeke sat down behind the desk staring at her . 
 the clothes she wore did nothing for her curves . 
 his clothing was much too big . 
 he could n't bring himself to let her have the clothes they 'd taken from the other house . 
 the stench of the other pack clung to them . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's in their game plan . 
 we 've got dani 's diary . 
 she was the person behind it all . '' 
 zeke stared down the length of her body feeling desire curl in his stomach . 
 `` are there any other people missing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` dad 's finding that out now . 
 he 's talking with the other pack hoping to find the answer to that . '' 
 his c ** k thickened at the thought of being buried inside her cunt . 
 he needed her desperately . 
 `` come here , '' he said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , we ca n't do that . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 he asked , teasing her . 
 `` you know what . 
 i 'm not going to think straight until i know what 's going on . '' 
 she put the empty bowl of salad down and started to pace . 
 `` i need to find my sister . 
 she 'll have the answers . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked , clearly stressing out . 
 standing up , he walked around the desk going to her . 
 pulling her into his arms , zeke inhaled her warm fresh scent . 
 `` we 've got to go away from here , '' he said . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` the full moon is over , and i 'm needed back in the city . 
 my men are only here to offer me protection under this current threat . '' 
 he pushed her long brown hair over her shoulder and inhaled her scent . 
 she smelled like his woman . 
 he felt his canines lengthen , getting ready for him to strike and claim her as his mate . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 'll be coming with me . 
 dad 's taking jessica with him until we know more . 
 the only safe place for wolves right now is within the city . 
 our agreement is until the next full moon . 
 we 've got three weeks left . '' 
 `` i know how long we 've got left . '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 her brown eyes were hooded . 
 moving his hand down , he cupped her ass , squeezing the supple flesh . 
 she moaned . 
 `` is that all you think about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you 've got a body for f ** king . 
 i 'm just like any red blooded male . 
 any man who got the pleasure of having you to themselves would take full advantage . '' 
 she obviously liked the way he was speaking . 
 pushing the shirt he 'd given her out of the way he slid his fingers underneath the band of her pants . 
 her pu ** y was slick to the touch and burning hot . 
 mary opened her thighs giving him better access . 
 `` i feel how much you need me . 
 tonight , you 'll be ready for me . 
 once i start f ** king you i 'm not going to stop until you come all over my cock . '' 
 tilting her head back , he sank his fingers into her core as he sucked on her neck . 
 she relented , thrusting onto his fingers as if her life depended on it . 
 `` i 've got you , baby , f ** k my hand , '' he said . 
 her body was heating up with every passing second . 
 her wolf purred at him for his cock . 
 smiling , he sucked on her neck , pressing his thumb to her clit . 
 she shattered around his fingers . 
 minutes later as he was bringing her down from her orgasm , a knock sounded at the door . 
 removing his fingers from her body he called for his father to enter . 
 mary kept her head buried against his chest . 
 her heart was pounding , and her hand was caressing his chest . 
 `` hello , son , i was told i 'd find you here , '' his father said . 
 `` dad , i 'd like you to meet mary . '' 
 zeke made the introductions quickly . 
 her cheeks were bright red as she looked at his father . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you ... '' `` name 's william , honey . 
 i imagine my son has n't told you anything other than dad or his father . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` something like that , yes . '' 
 his father was putting her at ease . 
 `` son , go and get us a drink while i talk with this gem of yours . '' 
 mary giggled . 
 chuckling , he took the plate of empty food and headed toward the kitchen . 
 jane and max were making out in the corner as some of the alphas were talking . 
 they stopped when he entered the room . 
 `` how is your woman handling the news ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` she 's shocked by what we found with roger and dani . '' 
 the diary in the center of the table was dani 's that had given them an insight into what was happening . 
 `` anything new in there ? '' 
 he asked , putting the plates in the sink . 
 `` not yet . 
 we 're looking through it . 
 taking it back home with us , we 're going to look into her contacts . 
 we think there could be an outside source or something else . 
 i do n't know what the hell is going on to force pack leaders to turn against their own , '' one of the alphas said . 
 nodding , he filled several glasses with water and walked over to jane and max . 
 `` are you two all set to return home ? '' 
 he asked . 
 they were his closest friends , and he would hate to have anything happen to them . 
 `` we 're packed , '' jane said . 
 `` are you sure this is wise ? '' 
 `` it 's our only solution with what 's happening as otherwise we 're going to risk being out in the open , '' he said . 
 `` we killed them , zeke . 
 what kind of threat do they pose ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` my sister is still out there . 
 she 's been missing for a long time , and according to her file she was n't with them very long . '' 
 zeke glanced over at the alphas talking amongst themselves . 
 `` i think it 's logical to suggest she got caught up in something much worse . 
 i could n't handle anything happening to you . '' 
 `` what do you mean about something much worse ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 `` they were experimenting on us . 
 how do we know someone else was n't interested in knowing our secret ? '' 
 zeke was n't prepared to take the chance that a bigger , deadlier party was n't involved . 
 keeping all of them protected was his top priority . 
 heading back to the study he heard his father and mary talking . 
 standing outside he listened to them laugh and joke for several minutes before he walked inside . 
 he would do everything to protect mary . 
 zeke felt responsible for her . 
 he brought her into his world , but he 'd not been there to protect her when she needed him most . 
 chapter nine zeke 's apartment was entirely different from his house that he shared with the pack in the county . 
 glancing out of the window on the tenth floor , mary wondered what the attraction was with heights . 
 if anything happened to his windows he would plunge to his death . 
 staring down at the concrete floor , she took a step back needing the comfort of the ground . 
 he 'd left her in his sitting room to take a shower . 
 looking around the room , mary was embarrassed by her small apartment . 
 what surprised her was how close they lived together . 
 she was about five blocks away from him . 
 they could have crossed paths in the street , and she would n't have even realized it . 
 not possible , you 'd remember a man like zeke . 
 the sound of the shower being turned off alerted her to his presence . 
 turning to the sound of him getting closer she felt her cheeks heat at the sight of him wet and covered in only a towel . 
 `` how can you live so far up ? '' 
 she asked , turning back to look at the window . 
 heat flooded her body , and she was embarrassed for an entirely new reason . 
 zeke chuckled . 
 `` honey , i can smell you all the way over here . 
 i know you want me . '' 
 he walked up behind her , wrapping his arms around her waist . 
 `` take your clothes off . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i ca n't take my clothes off . '' 
 she spluttered the words out not knowing how to speak a coherent thought . 
 he left her side and closed the blinds plunging them into a sort of darkness . 
 her improved eyesight meant she could see him clearly . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you ask a lot of questions . '' 
 he removed his towel and threw it at her . 
 she caught the towel before it hit her in the face . 
 `` you 're not being serious at all , '' she said . 
 `` baby , we 're alone in my apartment , and i want you naked . '' 
 `` how can you be thinking about that right now ? 
 you 've got a sister to find and research to look through . '' 
 the fight was leaving her as he stepped closer . 
 `` i 've also got a family who will take care of everything while i spend some time with my little toy . '' 
 why did she have to respond to him calling her a toy ? 
 it was ridiculous , wrong , but he made her melt every time he said it . 
 he took hold of her shirt , tugging it over her head . 
 zeke pushed down the jeans she wore . 
 he would n't allow her any underwear , and she was completely na ** d like him . 
 cupping her cheek , he tilted her head back . 
 `` this is the only way i can think of to not think about what 's going on , '' he said . 
 `` my sister has been missing for some time . 
 i 'm terrified of what 's going to happen to her . 
 what if she 's dead somewhere , and we 'll never find her ? '' 
 he dropped a kiss to her lips . 
 she started to shake from his touch . 
 `` what if dani was working for someone else ? 
 i do n't know the answer to any of these questions , but there is nothing we can do . '' 
 closing her eyes , mary knew he spoke the truth . 
 there was nothing for either of them to do . 
 there was no use in waiting around worrying . 
 neither of them could do anything . 
 `` what about work ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what about it ? 
 i called ahead , and i can do everything i need to do from here with the occasional quick nip to the office . 
 it 's easier sorting everything out here than back in the country . 
 do n't worry , baby , i 'm not going anywhere yet . 
 your ass is mine , and we 're not going anywhere other than to f ** k and spend time with each other . '' 
 he lifted her up in his arms . 
 giggling , she wrapped her legs around his waist as he led them back toward his bedroom . 
 zeke was right . 
 she could spend the rest of her life worrying about what dani and roger created , or she could experience fulfillment in his arms . 
 he kicked opened the door , and she was thrown to the bed . 
 laughing , she squealed as he followed her down . 
 they struggled on the bed . 
 mary fought him , but zeke was stronger and more powerful than she was . 
 he pressed her hands beside her head , opening her thighs to settle between . 
 `` i 've got you . 
 fight me , mary . '' 
 she stayed perfectly still disobeying him . 
 his rock hard c ** k pressed to her stomach . 
 everything else faded away as she looked into his beautiful dark eyes . 
 he really was a sexy man . 
 zeke made her feel small and delicate , and all he was doing was holding her down . 
 her heart pounded against her chest . 
 mary watched him take a deep breath inhaling her scent . 
 `` you smell so f ** king good . '' 
 `` you 've got a thing for my scent , do n't you ? '' 
 she asked , smiling . 
 she tightened her grip around his hands wanting to feel every ounce of his strength . 
 he did n't budge , merely stared down at her waiting . 
 they were in a battle of wills , but she was n't intent on winning . 
 no , she wanted to see how far she could push this man who 'd taken her virginity . 
 zeke was more than the man who 'd stolen her cherry . 
 how could he have stolen my cherry when i freely gave it to him ? 
 the situation she found herself in may not have started out freely given , but she 'd taken as much advantage of their predicament as he had . 
 `` what 's going on inside that head of yours ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` would n't you like to know ? '' 
 she raised an eyebrow much like he had the first time they 'd met . 
 he tugged her hands right above her head stretching her out . 
 `` i can do a lot more than get inside your head . '' 
 `` you can only hear my thoughts when you 're in wolf form . '' 
 she gasped as the hand he released slid down their bodies . 
 crying out , mary was a slave to the touch of his fingers as he slid a finger between her slit . 
 his digit caressing over her cl * t made her want him so desperately . 
 there was no way she could fight the building need within her . 
 zeke knew how to touch her in a way that drove her crazy and stopped her from fighting him . 
 she 'd become exactly what he said he wanted , a toy . 
 mary wanted him to play with her to bring her body to pleasure so undeniable that it stopped all other thoughts . 
 `` baby , i can hear you no matter what . 
 there is so much to learn about you other than your thoughts . '' 
 fingers penetrated her pu ** y making her gasp . 
 `` your body , your smell , even the way you are around me tells me so much about you . '' 
 biting her lip , mary wanted to dispute everything he said , but she could n't . 
 there was no way for her to defend herself against her own feelings . 
 she craved his touch more than she craved her next breath . 
 `` you feel it , too , '' he said . 
 she nodded , gritting her teeth against the truth glaring her in the face . 
 `` my body is the same as yours , mary . 
 i 'm burning inside for you . 
 you 're so f ** king sexy , you 're turning me in knots . '' 
 what was he really trying to say ? 
 `` this is far more than sex , baby . 
 you know it is . 
 you feel it . '' 
 his fingers fell from her pu ** y replaced by the thick length of his cock . 
 she cried out , arching up to him . 
 his lips bit onto her nipple , sucking hard . 
 the pain shot through to her clit . 
 wrapping her legs around his waist , she tightened her hold on him , drawing him in . 
 zeke had n't thrust the full length of his dick inside her yet . 
 he was tormenting her with what he could give her rather than simply giving it to her . 
 crying out , she bit into her lip begging for more . 
 `` you see , baby . 
 i can drive you wild without even trying . '' 
 his hand returned to her clit , stroking as his c ** k remained inside her not moving . 
 `` can you feel me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , moaning . 
 `` beg me . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 he continued to stroke her with his c ** k still within her . 
 do n't beg . 
 do n't beg . 
 do n't beg . 
 zeke kissed up her body , sucking on her neck . 
 `` you can fight me all night long . 
 i 'm not going to give up . 
 i can do this all night and all day . 
 fucking you , teasing you , never allowing you to reach release . '' 
 his threat was a very real one . 
 for the first time mary whimpered , hating what he was holding over her head . 
 `` i know you 've been denied for a long time , mary . 
 you were a virgin in my arms . 
 you 've never known a male 's touch . 
 i can give you everything you desire . 
 there is nothing i would n't give to see you splinter apart in my arms . '' 
 he breathed the words against her ear . 
 she was under no illusion that he would n't do what he threatened . 
 `` all you need to do is give yourself to me . 
 i will take care of you , and i 'll explore what you need . 
 every fantasy , every need would be ours to explore . '' 
 licking her lips she looked into his eyes as he pulled back to stare down at her . 
 all she would need to do was beg , and her heart 's desire would be for her . 
 **** what would she do ? 
 zeke did n't know if he 'd pushed too far . 
 she was begging him . 
 his wolf was pushing against the walls of their bodies ready to mate . 
 he knew without a shadow of a doubt that mary was the woman he 'd bitten . 
 the one woman he was supposed to be with for the rest of his life . 
 she was his mate . 
 his father had confirmed it after their time together in the study . 
 holding himself off her , zeke waited . 
 what would it take for her to give herself to him ? 
 you were the one who made her a toy . 
 he could n't take back that moment . 
 zeke knew he would n't have felt her in his arms if he had n't thrown out the ultimatum . 
 he did n't know what he would have done when he got to her that night . 
 there was no way he would have killed her . 
 did she even realize the power she had over him ? 
 dani had the same kind of power over roger . 
 mates were bound to follow each other . 
 it was a blessing and a curse within equal measure . 
 `` please , zeke , make love to me . 
 fuck me , give me everything . '' 
 she begged him over and over again . 
 putting his hands on her hips , he pulled out of her tight heat until only the tip of his shaft remained inside . 
 staring into her eyes , zeke felt himself fall . 
 mary was the love of his life . 
 he knew part of his feelings was down to their mated wolves , but the other part was down to what he knew about mary already . 
 she was beautiful , stunning , perfect for him . 
 max and jane loved her . 
 his father loved her , and he knew his mother would feel the same way as well . 
 tightening his grip he plunged inside her . 
 mary screamed as he f ** ked her hard and fast never letting up . 
 `` touch yourself , '' he said , slamming inside her . 
 she ran her hand down her body . 
 he loved seeing the way her fingers caressed over her full br ** sts , which were bouncing with every one of his thrusts . 
 when she started to touch her sweet bud he was ready to explode . 
 harder and harder he thrust inside her , pushing as deep as he could . 
 `` yes , yes , '' she said , screaming the word out . 
 her feet dug into his back , and zeke truly felt like he 'd finally gone to heaven . 
 feeling the difference inside her was breathtaking . 
 she was no longer a scared or shy little virgin but a woman intent on getting her pleasure . 
 within seconds she cl ** axed around him sending him over the edge with her tight cunt pulsing around him , drawing him in . 
 growling , zeke tensed as he felt his hands change around hers holding her down . 
 she cried out , and before he could stop himself , he lunged for her throat tearing his mark deep into her core . 
 her orgasm continued on giving him drive even as she tensed around him . 
 he poured his scent into her core and the bite never wanting to let go . 
 she was his woman , and even though he knew he should wait , he could n't bring himself to wait . 
 claiming her was the only way he was going to be able to carry on for the next month . 
 there was no way he could leave without her . 
 when he 'd taken his fill , zeke retracted from her neck only to panic . 
 she lay slumped in the bed . 
 looking at the bite mark he saw no problem . 
 he 'd not affected the major artery . 
 `` mary ? '' 
 he shook her hoping she would respond to him . 
 `` mary . '' 
 pressing a hand to her neck , he felt her pulse was weak but there . 
 jumping out of bed , he grabbed his phone dialing his father 's number . 
 he could n't remember a single thing he said , but by the time he hung up his father and the doctor for the packs was on their way . 
 wrapping a robe around his body , he draped the blanket over her body checking to make sure she was still alive . 
 pressing his head toward her stomach he sensed the life growing inside her . 
 shit , he 'd never given any consideration to her condition . 
 feeling more like a bastard with every passing minute , he was desperate to hear the sound of the knock . 
 when the door finally banged he ran down the long hall and through the sitting room to find his father stood with his mother and the doctor , james . 
 `` come on , come through , '' he said . 
 part of him was embarrassed for his mother to see his woman just after he 'd made love to her . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 james asked , putting his case down on the bed . 
 his mother , helen , gasped and rushed to mary 's side . 
 he was pleased she seemed genuinely concerned . 
 `` i was making love , and the need to claim her overtook everything else . '' 
 `` son , it 's not good for you to lose control at such a vulnerable time , '' william said . 
 his father stood in the corner giving the doctor and helen more room . 
 `` william , dear , remember your claiming of me . 
 it was n't exactly planned , '' helen said , looking up and smiling . 
 glancing back he saw his father was blushing . 
 zeke did not want to know what his parents got up to before he was even conceived . 
 `` she 's breeding and a half breed , '' james said . 
 `` if you 've got a problem with my mate being a half breed then get the f ** k out so i can find another doctor who can treat her . '' 
 william wrapped his arms around zeke , holding him back . 
 `` calm down , son . 
 you 're too close to the edge . 
 pull yourself back , or you 'll regret it , and believe me when i tell you that you do not want to regret losing control . '' 
 taking several breaths , zeke stared at the doctor . 
 `` i 've got no problem treating half breeds , zeke . 
 i 'm happy for men and women to find the one meant for them , and if that means turning humans , then so be it . '' 
 james took a step back running his fingers through his hair . 
 `` no , i 've got no problem with half breeds at all , but they come with complications themselves . 
 your woman is not as strong as your mother . 
 she 's in her needing , and i scent the conception of a young one . 
 zeke , the injections your wife has been getting binds the wolf into a box , and without the injections she 's slowly coming back to herself but that is a long way off yet . '' 
 james pulled the sheet down turning her head to the side to examine the wound . 
 `` you 've bitten her good , but you have to remember she 's part human . 
 she will not heal as quickly as we do . '' 
 there were several sighs and disapproving noises coming from the doctor . 
 `` i can feel her heating up , '' helen said . 
 `` yes , she 'll be right as rain tomorrow . 
 her body is healing through a lot . 
 the injections side effects will slowly fade , and with it , she 'll get stronger . 
 i think you 'll be surprised by how strong your woman actually is . '' 
 james cleaned the wound . 
 mary whimpered . 
 his father 's grip tightened , and he watched helen comfort her . 
 it should have been him by her side , holding her close . 
 `` does she know you 're mated ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` no . 
 we have an agreement for the next month . 
 she knows nothing else other than what her pack was up to . '' 
 `` she 's not part of their pack . 
 their scent would cling to her , and no matter what you did , zeke , you would n't get rid of that smell . 
 she 's your pack . 
 i 'm surprised you could n't smell it before . '' 
 james leaned in close and inhaled . 
 `` yes , she 's all yours all right . 
 the young one growing in her is yours as well . '' 
 pride filled him at the power he showed . 
 his woman was part of his pack already . 
 mary 's place within his pack would also explain why his men were so polite and respectful to her . 
 `` zeke , i 'm not impressed that you 've gotten a woman pregnant without us even getting to know her , '' helen said , scolding him . 
 `` i 'm happy for you , son . 
 we breed good stock . '' 
 helen rolled her eyes while william chuckled . 
 zeke did n't care about stock or anything other than knowing his woman was going to be safe . 
 james took her temperature and checked her blood pressure after cleaning away the damage he 'd done to her neck . 
 `` she 's going to be perfectly fine , '' james said . 
 `` you 'll have more trouble explaining yourself than anything else . '' 
 the doctor stood and made his way toward the bag he 'd left at the base of the bed . 
 `` when you 're ready give her these . 
 they 're tablets all pregnant females need . 
 human females only need to take one tablet a day whereas your woman will need to take two . 
 wolves digest faster than humans , and also she 's a half breed and would n't need as much as a full breed . '' 
 james packed everything away . 
 `` the moment she knows the truth bring her to me . 
 i like to keep an eye on our pregnant bitches in case anything goes wrong . '' 
 `` mary , '' zeke said . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` her name is not bitch . 
 it 's mary . 
 she wo n't take kindly to you referring to her as a bitch . '' 
 zeke would n't have any harm come to the woman that was his . 
 it was bad enough that she 'd suffered at roger 's and dani 's hands . 
 `` i 'll remember . 
 there 's nothing worse than a pregnant , temperamental woman , and our women can cause a fair few problems . 
 it 's a pleasure doing business . 
 i 'll see myself out . '' 
 zeke stared at his woman wishing he 'd held off . 
 he would never get the sight of her being still out of his thoughts . 
 `` i like her , '' helen said . 
 `` she smells of everything good and perfect . '' 
 smiling , zeke nodded . 
 `` she 's the one i bit outside of work . 
 i 've spent so long hunting for her and debbie that i did n't even realize they were under my nose . '' 
 thinking about his sister he turned to his father . 
 `` is there any news about her ? '' 
 `` no , no news at all . 
 it 's like she did n't even exist the moment she escaped that f ** king place , '' william said , cursing . 
 `` william , please , language . 
 i 've told you , debbie is alive . 
 we would know if something happened . '' 
 his father closed his eyes , wiping at his eyes . 
 `` we 've scoured the whole f ** king forest . 
 there is no sign of any other packs or our daughter . 
 i 'm telling you , she 's f ** king dead . '' 
 `` dad , it 's not over yet , '' zeke said . 
 `` if i can find my mate then we 'll find debbie . '' 
 zeke truly believed his sister was out there . 
 debbie was a resilient person . 
 if anyone could survive what roger and dani had thrown at her and escape then debbie was the one . 
 chapter ten mary moaned as she rolled over . 
 her body was pounding , and the sounds coming from around her were not helping matters . 
 the sun was too hot glaring at her . 
 falling to the floor she put a hand to her neck feeling the raw flesh that was slightly swollen . 
 pulling her hands away she saw her fingers were clear . 
 there was not a drop of blood on her fingers . 
 standing up , she stumbled into the bathroom where she found a chunk of her neck was red and swollen . 
 zeke 's loss of control was staring at her blankly . 
 her hands were fine even though she recalled his paws had come through . 
 `` mary ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 turning around she saw him leaning against the door frame , staring at her . 
 `` what ? 
 what the hell happened ? 
 why have i suddenly become a f ** king chew toy ? '' 
 she glared at him wondering how she 'd survived the night . 
 pressing a hand to her stomach she was ready to call him out when another female was calling out her name . 
 frowning , she stared at zeke then past his shoulder . 
 `` my mom and dad are here , and they 're making breakfast . 
 mom makes a mean breakfast . 
 i promise you wo n't be disappointed with what she makes , '' he said , stepping closer into the room . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , pressing a hand to her forehead . 
 mary was n't wearing any clothes , and the way she felt at that moment she was n't prepared to deal with his parents . 
 `` i know you 've got a lot of questions , '' he said , moving closer . 
 mary wanted to move away to not let him touch her , but she could n't stop the yearning that built inside her . 
 she wished for his arms wrapped around her . 
 `` i will answer your questions and give you everything your heart desires . 
 all i ask is that you come out and spend some time with my parents . 
 it 's not the whole family , just my parents . '' 
 denying him was out of the question . 
 `` fine . 
 you 've got to promise me that we 'll talk , properly talk , and not just have sex . '' 
 the sex is so good . 
 ignoring her body she stared at him waiting for him to refuse . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll , erm , put some clothes on . '' 
 zeke followed her back to the bedroom where he handed her some of his clothing . 
 she wore a long t-shirt with a pair of drawstring shorts . 
 they were too big for her body , but they covered her enough to give her some dignity . 
 `` what if they hate me ? '' 
 she asked , biting her lip with her nerves . 
 `` believe me , baby , they do not hate you . 
 mom wants to castrate me for keeping you to myself . '' 
 `` we 've barely known each other that long , '' she said . 
 `` we 've known each other for over a week , and for a lot of wolves that 's a lifetime already . '' 
 zeke ran his hands up and down her arms . 
 was he nervous ? 
 `` come on , they want to meet you , and i 'm tired of being hungry . '' 
 zeke took her hand leading her out of the safety of the bedroom . 
 `` wait , stop , '' she said . 
 `` dear , is that you ? 
 does mary like her bacon crispy ? '' 
 the woman said . 
 `` my mother is called helen , and you know my father 's name , '' zeke said . 
 `` how do you like your bacon ? '' 
 `` crispy . '' 
 pushing some stray hairs off her face , she followed behind into the open kitchen . 
 the apartment was large enough to fit a whole family . 
 `` mom , dad , i 'd like for you all to meet my woman , mary , '' zeke said , holding her in front of him . 
 she saw his father first , and she smiled at him . 
 next , she saw the beautiful dark haired woman that looked a little like zeke . 
 most of his looks came from his father . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 `` sweetheart , it 's a pleasure to finally see you awake , '' helen said , circling the counter . 
 she wore an apron spattered with grease . 
 `` when william told me my boy had gotten a mate , i could n't believe it . '' 
 the men in the room tried to hush helen up . 
 mate ? 
 `` shut up , boys . 
 she 's going to know sooner rather than later . '' 
 helen stood in front of her . 
 `` now , let me have a proper look at you , '' she said , cupping her cheeks and turning her head this way and that . 
 mary went through the motions as the woman assessed her as if she was a prized cow . 
 `` what do you mean mate ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the men tensed while helen kissed her cheek . 
 `` it 's so good to have another woman in the family . 
 for some reason the line seems to breed a lot of men . '' 
 helen eased her down into a chair at the counter . 
 she noticed four settings with them all facing each other . 
 was anyone going to explain the mate comment ? 
 `` mate ? '' 
 mary asked again . 
 `` honey , my son has picked a fine woman in you . '' 
 the raised flesh of her neck prickled . 
 we 're mated . 
 it 's about time . 
 `` i really do n't know what you mean . '' 
 `` mary , honey , have n't you ever seen the marks of a mated female ? '' 
 helen asked . 
 `` no , '' mary said , glancing behind her at zeke . 
 zeke was glaring at his mother . 
 if looks could kill she 'd be nervous . 
 `` helen , that 's enough , '' william said , speaking up . 
 `` we 're going to have breakfast , and then we 're going to leave them to their business . 
 this is not our pack , and it 's not our business . '' 
 the hairs on the back of mary 's neck stood on end . 
 the alpha within william was demanding obedience . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 you do n't have to go all alpha on me . '' 
 helen tapped his cheek as she passed . 
 all she wanted to do was get breakfast over with as fast as she could . 
 picking up her fork , she tensed when she felt zeke sit beside her . 
 he made no move to speak to her , which she was thankful for . 
 during the breakfast helen spoke of zeke growing up , the good old days of being kids . 
 she was given a rundown of embarrassing facts for all seasons . 
 throughout it all mary relaxed even as she felt aware of zeke at the same time . 
 with breakfast finished she started on the dishes as zeke showed his parents out of the door . 
 sticking her hands into the soapy water she curved her hand around the blade of the knife . 
 zeke walked up behind her . 
 when he was close enough to touch , she tugged the knife out of the water and brandished it in front of her . 
 `` you 're going to start talking , or else i 'm going to f ** king hurt you , '' she said . 
 her emotions were all over the place . 
 even as she brandished her knife at him , she could n't help but think she was overreacting . 
 he held his hands up in surrender . 
 the smile on his lips made her even angrier . 
 `` what did your mother say about mating ? 
 why did you bite my neck , and how did you explain your lack of control ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` let go of the knife , '' he said , reaching for it . 
 handing him back the knife , heat filled her cheeks . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with me ? '' 
 she touched her cheeks , wondering what the hell she 'd done wrong . 
 `` you 're going through something . '' 
 he stopped , looking down at the floor in front of him . 
 `` what ? 
 what am i going through ? '' 
 she asked , confused . 
 `` my mother was n't wrong . 
 we 're mated . 
 last night , i lost control . '' 
 mary stared at him . 
 the silence in the room was deafening . 
 `` there 's a lot of things you do not know , '' zeke said . 
 `` well why do n't you start telling me about all those things i do n't know . '' 
 she was tired of being kept in the dark about everything . 
 touching her neck , she felt the raised skin and wished there was something more she could do . 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 can we do the dishes without you trying to kill me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 glaring at him , she finished doing the dishes as he dried them before putting them away . 
 when she was finished mary walked over toward the windows staring out over the city . 
 she was n't due back at work for another three weeks . 
 running fingers through her hair , she tried to focus on the three weeks , but she was starting to think her time was n't nearly over . 
 `` you 're not going to let me go after the month , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she saw his reflection in the window . 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 i ca n't let you go . '' 
 nodding , she felt tears sting her eyes . 
 mary knew she should be upset about his news , yet part of her was relieved to hear him not getting rid of her . 
 `` what do you need to tell me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was the dog you saw down the alley , '' he said . 
 his arms wrapped around her waist holding onto her tightly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm the one who smelled you , mary . 
 i was the large black dog that could n't resist you . 
 i 'd been scenting you for some time , and then you were coming out of the building and i could n't stop . 
 i was the one who bit you , '' zeke said . 
 her heart pounded as she recalled the black dog approaching . 
 at the time she reached out , in an attempt to touch him . 
 he 'd struck , sinking his teeth into her arm . 
 the pain had been excruciating . 
 afterward all she remembered were roger and dani . 
 they 'd taken her away from him . 
 `` i had every intention of finding you . 
 in fact , i never gave up trying to find you , '' he said , surprising her . 
 `` you were looking for me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 i asked roger and dani if they 'd ever seen you before . 
 they always told me no . 
 i could never smell you . 
 we believe the injections you were given were an attempt to mask your scent . 
 they f ** king succeeded as well . '' 
 `` why are you telling me all this ? '' 
 **** the big question he 'd been waiting for . 
 licking his lips , he folded his arms and stared at her . 
 `` you 're my destined mate , mary . '' 
 he settled for the truth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` our wolves recognize each other . 
 you 're the woman i 'm destined to spend the rest of my life with . '' 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 stepping closer , he invaded her personal space . 
 `` you can feel your wolf wanting me , mary . 
 she knows me . 
 our wolves are a perfect match , and if you give me a chance i 'll prove to you that i 'm the man for you . '' 
 she shook her head turning back toward the windows . 
 `` this is all so confusing . '' 
 reaching out , he gripped her shoulders not wanting to let her go . 
 what started out as her being his toy had developed into something far more . 
 on the quest to find his sister he 'd discovered the woman who 'd settle his soul and tempt his body . 
 `` give us a chance . '' 
 `` the first time we met you had killed the leaders of my pack . '' 
 `` they were using you as a f ** king science experiment . 
 the whole pack was as corrupt as their leaders , '' he said , trying to reason with her . 
 `` you were going to kill a teenager . 
 jessica is too f ** king young to die . '' 
 `` i would n't have killed her . '' 
 he admitted the truth to her . 
 she jerked , looking back at him . 
 `` what ? 
 max told me this before . 
 you do n't need to say anything . '' 
 `` yes , i do need to say something . 
 i 'm not a monster , mary . 
 i would n't have killed her . 
 i 'd have pushed her aside . 
 she did n't smell corrupt or anything like the rest of the pack . 
 she smelled like you , innocent . '' 
 he heard and felt her take a deep breath . 
 `` this is the strangest thing that has ever happened to me , '' she said . 
 `` i love you , mary . '' 
 zeke figured he should be the one to put the words out there . 
 she could do with them what she wanted , but he was n't going to hide from his feelings . 
 she turned in his arms , staring up at him . 
 `` how do we know this is not because of the wolves ? 
 how can you love me ? 
 you do n't even know me . '' 
 taking her hand he pressed it over his heart . 
 `` ever since i turned you , mary , i 've been looking for you . 
 your scent drove me crazy . 
 i 've never known a woman like you . 
 none of the other women in the packs have been the one for me . '' 
 pressing his palm to her chest he felt the rapid beating of her heart . 
 `` i know you 're perfect for me and for the pack . '' 
 `` i 'm a half breed . 
 how can a half breed ever have a place in your pack ? 
 you 're an alpha , zeke . 
 you 're not a half breed or a lower member or whatever . 
 i do n't even understand wolf politics , '' she said , arguing her point . 
 cupping her face , he leaned down closing the gap between them . 
 he caressed her lips with his own , stroking along the plump softness until he plundered her mouth with his tongue . 
 she met him , caressing him back . 
 zeke felt his blood boil . 
 the feelings built inside him to a fever pitch . 
 mary was his woman . 
 her wolf was a perfect match for him . 
 `` you ca n't kiss me to make the problems go away , '' she said , whimpering . 
 `` i can . 
 i 'm the f ** king alpha , and i can do whatever the hell i want . '' 
 running his thumb along her bottom lip he moaned as her tongue peeked out , licking him . 
 `` i need you to trust me , '' he said . 
 her eyes were glazed over with tears . 
 her skin was running hot from a mixture of his kiss and the pregnancy . 
 you 've got to tell her about the pregnancy . 
 first he needed for her to understand that they were a mated pair . 
 right now he felt his wolf purring at her closeness . 
 `` i love you , mary . 
 this is right , and you know we 're meant to be together . '' 
 her hand was shaking as she pressed her palm against his chest . 
 `` then show me , '' she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 've never seen a proper mated pair apart from roger and dani . 
 jane and max i only ever really saw briefly . 
 show me a mated pair . '' 
 grabbing his cell phone from his pocket , he dialed his father 's number . 
 `` what 's the matter , son ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` this friday , is it okay if i bring mary to a pack gathering ? 
 she needs to see other mated couples , and i think it 's time for her to see what it 's all about to be a proper wolf . '' 
 he did n't break eye contact with her . 
 zeke needed permission from his father before entering a pack gathering . 
 william 's pack was far bigger than his own because of how old his father was . 
 zeke hoped to create a good pack without fear of starting a war . 
 `` i will accept . 
 you 'll need to let mary know the laws of respect within a gathering , but i 'm more than happy to have her be there , '' william said . 
 zeke agreed and hung up the phone . 
 `` you want to see other mated couples ? 
 then this friday we 'll be entering my father 's territory . 
 you 'll see other mated couples , and there will be rules you 'll have to abide by . '' 
 `` what rules ? '' 
 she asked . 
 taking her in his arms , he led her over to the sofa . 
 he needed to touch her in some way for him to know she existed . 
 `` we 're going into another territory , and with that we 've got rules to follow . '' 
 `` it 's your father , '' she said . 
 smiling , zeke shook his head . 
 `` just because we 're related does n't mean we do n't follow rules . 
 my father does n't like conflict within his pack . 
 when we go i 'm submitting to his rules , and he is the alpha while we 're there . '' 
 `` which means ? '' 
 `` we 'll both be under his protection . 
 any arguments that happen will be handled by him . 
 we 'll be entering the gathering with you known as my woman , my mate . 
 you can not approach other males . 
 this is purely for mated couples to be together . 
 it 's not sexual , but some nights it can lead to sex as tensions run high . '' 
 teasing strands of her hair , zeke could n't stop touching her even if he wanted to . 
 she leaned in close to him allowing his touch . 
 every move she made opened her up to his touch . 
 the wolf within her was stroking along the surface trying to get closer once again . 
 when they ran together he knew they 'd be a force to be reckoned with . 
 `` what else do i need to know ? '' 
 she asked , breathlessly . 
 `` you ca n't judge at all . 
 there will be full breeds and half breeds , along with several couples with mixed breeding . '' 
 `` why would i judge ? 
 love is love . '' 
 she nuzzled his hand as she stroked his thigh . 
 laughing , he cupped her cheek feeling the softness of her skin . 
 `` you 'd be surprised how many people would judge my father or myself . 
 you were the first half breed to join your old pack . 
 from what i can gather you were the last . '' 
 she shivered , pulling away as he brought up the old leaders . 
 `` i hate them for what they did . 
 how is jessica doing ? '' 
 `` she 's getting better . 
 her memories are returning , and she hates the fact they 've taken them from her . '' 
 zeke was sad thinking about the other girl . 
 `` i bet . 
 my time with them is fuzzy , but as the days go by i 'm remembering more and more . '' 
 `` i hope we caught them before they did something far worse , '' he said . 
 `` what could be far worse ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` if they 've told someone about what they 're doing . 
 there are others out there with enough greed to look past experimenting on their own . '' 
 running a hand down his face , zeke felt tired all of a sudden . 
 knowing there were people out there who would n't care about taking out other packs scared him far more than anything else . 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 she snuggled in against him . 
 `` you 're so warm . '' 
 they were silent for several minutes . 
 he stroked her hair relishing the time they had together without any fear or worry . 
 his biggest concern was his missing sister . 
 zeke really hoped she was safe somewhere away from any danger . 
 `` tell me everything is going to be all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 chuckling , he kissed her head . 
 `` everything is going to be all right . 
 i would n't let anything happen to you . 
 that i can promise you . '' 
 the rest of the day was spent with her in his arms as they watched movie after movie . 
 zeke was content to simply hold her and never let go . 
 friday could n't come soon enough , but he 'd have to bide his time . 
 he made sure not to speak of his feelings until then . 
 he wondered if mary realized that everything she asked for he gave to her . 
 they were mated , and denying her anything was no longer possible for him . 
 he could n't tell her she was pregnant yet . 
 she clearly did n't know her condition , but she 'd not long gotten used to being a wolf . 
 roger and dani had taken away a lot of time for her to grow accustomed to her wolf and the change . 
 he knew her wolf liked him , which was why the little bitch had been calm . 
 it was only a matter of time before the wolf wanted to have one final run before she remained dormant for the baby to be born . 
 the wonders of their kind were connected to the magic of birth . 
 before she entered the second month she could have one final change , but after that , she 'd kill the baby . 
 crap . 
 what was she going to do when she found out he 'd knocked her up as well as claimed her ? 
 chapter eleven staring around the room mary saw over thirty different couples , mingling , talking , making out , or just sitting , petting each other . 
 she wore a pair of jeans with one of zeke 's shirts . 
 his scent surrounded her , and in the last the few days she 'd found his scent calmed her nerves . 
 every now and then her stomach would turn and her wolf felt close to the surface , and that alone scared her . 
 whenever zeke was with her the wolf within would settle . 
 she was starting to wonder who the actual master of her was , herself or zeke . 
 he stood beside her dressed similarly in jeans and a shirt . 
 at first mary had been horrified by their lack of formal clothing . 
 zeke had laughed , reminding her that they were going to a room full of wolves . 
 there was no need for formal clothing . 
 william and helen had greeted them at the door . 
 the couple seemed to be more in love than mary remembered . 
 holding onto zeke 's arm she looked around at all the couples . 
 `` how do you know they 're mated ? '' 
 she asked . 
 zeke took her to a corner of the room , which gave them privacy but meant they were able to look around . 
 `` during a mating the male is not always gentle , '' he said , reaching out to stroke the raised flesh of her neck . 
 `` most men will lay their claim around the neck for most wolves to see . 
 it 's a mark of ownership , love , and claiming but to also warn other males not to touch their property . '' 
 `` so i 'm your property now ? '' 
 she folded her arms trying to cover her ni ** les , which had budded . 
 he laughed . 
 `` baby , your pu ** y is dripping wet . 
 you 've been mine a lot longer than you 've been my toy . '' 
 he stroked a finger up her denim-clad thigh . 
 `` i 'm being polite . 
 look around you , mary . 
 i know you can see the love , the need in every mated couple . '' 
 he closed the small gap between them . 
 `` i also know you feel something for me . 
 i know you 've changed around me , and i also know that you 've not been my toy for a long time . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of stuff you know , '' she said , moaning at his closeness . 
 her body was on fire once again for his touch . 
 `` it 's not all i know . '' 
 his hand slid up to cup her mound . 
 `` you 're mine , mary . 
 look around you . 
 see for yourself . '' 
 she saw max and jane sat on the sofa talking with another couple she did n't know . 
 helen and william were close as they made their way around the room . 
 `` these people are your family ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not all of them are related , but we 're all close . '' 
 his other hand sank into her hair , tilting her head back . 
 `` all wolves feel related in some way . 
 it 's how i knew roger and dani had done something wrong . 
 they no longer smelled like pack but of something corrupt and not very nice at all . 
 they repelled me . '' 
 `` what do i smell like ? '' 
 she whimpered as his lips kissed along her neck . 
 the air between them changed . 
 it became suddenly charged with need , sex , and something far more . 
 mary knew zeke was right . 
 she was in love with zeke . 
 he was the first man to ever make her feel this way . 
 she could n't imagine her life without him , and that scared her . 
 all of her life she 'd been under the impression that it took a lot longer than a couple of weeks to fall in love . 
 her wolf connected with his , and she found her dreams filled with images of them both together . 
 mary knew her future was with him , but she needed to be totally sure . 
 seeing the couples together , mary knew they were exactly the same . 
 `` heaven , like the best fruit or dessert on the table . 
 you 're everything i ever wanted . 
 i could smell you in a crowded room or in the city . 
 they took you away from me , but i wo n't let it happen again . '' 
 his lips covered hers , and mary accepted his word and his love . 
 the sound of someone clearing their throat pulled zeke away from her body . 
 `` son , please , we try to keep things simple a little longer , '' william said . 
 helen chuckled . 
 `` it 's lovely to see you both here . 
 when william told me you were coming i could n't wait to see you again . '' 
 `` what 's the matter , dad ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 she sensed him tense as he took hold of her hand . 
 `` i need to have a word with you , zeke . 
 alpha to alpha . 
 helen has offered to keep your mate company . '' 
 `` is it important ? '' 
 `` very . 
 otherwise i would n't ask at a mate gathering for a private word , '' william said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he turned to her . 
 `` i 'm going to go , but i promise you mom will take care of you . '' 
 mary nodded . 
 what else could she do ? 
 `` zeke , wait , '' she said , wanting him to know how she felt . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 glancing down at the floor , she tucked some of her hair behind her ear . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 he paused , and then the biggest smile she 'd ever seen brightened his whole face . 
 `` you pick the worst time to make me feel like the happiest man alive . '' 
 zeke caught her up in his arms . 
 `` i love you , baby , and i promise you i 'll make this up to you . '' 
 his lips were hard , and she melted against him . 
 seconds later he wandered off , and she was alone with helen . 
 the other woman wrapped her arms around her . 
 `` i 'm so happy . '' 
 laughing , mary hugged the older woman back . 
 `` my boy has spent so much time talking about you and how he 'd find you . 
 i did n't doubt his effort , but i started to think he 'd been taking weed and simply imagined you into existence . '' 
 helen chuckled . 
 `` i know he 's not a young boy anymore . '' 
 `` zeke talked about me ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` yes . 
 he did n't know your name , of course . 
 zeke told us he knew you were the one . 
 that boy will never back down from anything . '' 
 helen led her toward the sofas where several couples were groping or in different stages of undress . 
 `` i , erm , i did n't even know his name . '' 
 `` he 's a good alpha . 
 zeke knows to keep his feelings close to his chest . 
 like his father he has a select few people close enough to him that he can trust . '' 
 helen handed her a glass of dark liquid . 
 `` it 's scotch , my dear . 
 it 'll keep you warm while they 're away . 
 business will come first . '' 
 there was a smile on her lips . 
 `` how can you stand for the pack to come first ? '' 
 even as she said the words mary knew she did n't care if the pack came first . 
 `` i know , honey , that when my man gets me alone later tonight or even tomorrow or maybe in a week , he 'll make it up to me . '' 
 helen closed her eyes . 
 feeling like an intruder , mary glanced away . 
 `` honey , i know my son , and he 'll make it up to you in his own personal way . 
 you 'll be protected , and you 'll never want for nothing . '' 
 sipping at the scotch mary tried not to cough at the strong burning taste . 
 `` i would n't want anything from him . 
 i 'm happy just being around him , '' mary said . 
 `` you 're becoming one of my favorite people . '' 
 helen touched her hand . 
 they were silent for a long time as the music picked up . 
 she noticed several couples were already naked , and things had taken a different turn . 
 not knowing where to look , she stared down into her glass . 
 `` wolves do not care about nakedness . 
 being na ** d is more natural than being in clothes . 
 i was surprised to see zeke in clothes . 
 he 's more comfortable in shorts or anything that leaves him exposed , '' helen said , explaining things to her . 
 mary felt her cheeks heat up . 
 `` i guess i 'm still new to it all . '' 
 the collar of her shirt was starting to itch . 
 in the corner she saw jane was naked . 
 her arms were wrapped around max 's neck as he kissed his way up to her neck before claiming her lips . 
 the two looked oblivious to everything around them . 
 her skin felt sensitive to the touch . 
 she really wanted zeke . 
 her need was growing , and her wolf was starting to wake up . 
 touching her fingers to her temple , she tried to take deep , calming breaths . 
 the last thing she needed was to lose control in a room full of wolves . 
 `` mary , are you all right ? '' 
 helen asked . 
 the concern got through mary 's clouded thoughts . 
 `` no , i need zeke . '' 
 we need our mate . 
 shaking her head , she took several deep breaths , needing her man to calm the beast within her . 
 change . 
 mate . 
 hunt . 
 `` mary , i need you to listen to me , '' helen said . 
 when the older woman touched her over-sensitive arm , mary jumped back hissing . 
 `` listen , bitch , this is my territory , and you will follow me . '' 
 the sympathy in helen 's eyes upset her . 
 mary felt the power pouring out of helen , taking control of the situation . 
 `` listen to me , mary , there are too many people . 
 you can hurt us just as much as we hurt you . 
 you 're not pack , and you 're here as a guest . 
 follow me , and i can protect you . '' 
 helen touched her , and mary did everything she could to stop herself from screaming at the other woman . 
 **** `` we 've found her , '' william said , sitting behind his desk . 
 several pack leaders were stood around the room , staring at his father . 
 zeke could n't believe he 'd heard properly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 zeke asked , stepping closer . 
 `` debbie , we 've found her . 
 she 's in perfect health , but she needs all of us to go to her . '' 
 william looked excited . 
 `` why are we sat here waiting ? 
 we should be there and bringing her back to us . '' 
 they 'd finally found debbie . 
 after all this time zeke could n't believe the news . 
 his woman had just admitted she loved him , and now he knew his sister was alive . 
 he could n't help but feel happy with the news . 
 his life was getting better . 
 the future was looking amazing . 
 `` she has asked for us to wait . 
 i 've got her location , and she 's requested us to wait . 
 her situation is delicate , and the people she 's with will not trust us . 
 dani and roger have a lot to answer for , '' william said . 
 `` i bet . 
 experimenting on our own kind or any kind for that matter is f ** king abhorrent . 
 i wish i was there to kill them again . '' 
 the alpha from one of the other packs spoke from the back . 
 everyone agreed . 
 `` what situation ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 `` debbie was not the only one who escaped . 
 several people over the years had escaped . 
 dani and roger have been doing this for years . 
 the escapees have formed a pack , but they 're , erm , they 're used to living secluded , and they do n't have a great deal of trust in our kind . 
 also , they tried to stay away from humans altogether . 
 debbie had n't gotten the chance to contact us , but she finally got them to see reasoning with her getting in touch now . '' 
 william ran a hand down his face . 
 `` debbie likes them and wants us to wait so she can prove to them that they can trust us . '' 
 `` waiting the week will earn their trust ? '' 
 zeke spoke up not believing something so simple could earn their trust . 
 `` yes . 
 the alpha of her new pack has asked for the week to prove to them we can hold off , and then they 'll accept them close to their territory . '' 
 `` what about the experiments with dani and roger ? 
 how do we know it 's over ? '' 
 zeke asked , thinking about his woman and the damage the others had done to her . 
 `` debbie has assured me they have the only person responsible for putting the idea into their heads . 
 i trust your sister , zeke . 
 she 's thorough and would n't lead us into a trap . '' 
 the other alphas agreed . 
 zeke knew his sister was reliable and knew how to take care of herself . 
 `` okay . 
 so what do you need from me ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 `` next week we need you and mary to come with us to the meet . 
 they 'll be bringing the man responsible for causing so much death . 
 together , we 'll put an end to these bastards . '' 
 a knock on the door sounded making them all pause . 
 `` come in , '' william said . 
 jane appeared looking troubled . 
 she had a blanket over her nakedness . 
 `` zeke , it 's mary . 
 her wolf is trying to claw her way out of mary again . 
 we need you . 
 helen ca n't keep her under control . '' 
 running out of the room , zeke followed the smell of his woman . 
 he found her screaming in agony with helen trying to keep her still . 
 `` i 'm sorry , son , i did everything i could . '' 
 mary was crying as her arms turned at odd angles . 
 moving his mother out of the way he caught mary up in his arms . 
 `` baby , i 'm here , '' he said , wrapping his body around her . 
 she paused , giving him a chance to speak to her . 
 the wolf inside her stopped . 
 `` this is not the way i wanted to tell you , baby , but you 're pregnant with my young . '' 
 he pressed his hand to her stomach . 
 `` i need you to stop clawing your way out . 
 you 'll get your night under the moon soon enough . 
 one more time , and then you 've got to stop this . '' 
 `` i 'm pregnant ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sorry , baby , i was hoping i 'd have a little more time to tell you what had changed . '' 
 he soothed her , urging the others out of the door to give them much needed privacy . 
 the door closed , and he tore their clothes off . 
 the wolf was resting again satisfied with his claim over them . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm pregnant . '' 
 her hand went to her stomach . 
 `` are you not going to fight with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i ca n't fight with you . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around him . 
 holding her close , he stroked her back and then cupped her ass , wanting to drive his c ** k in deep . 
 `` i 'm sorry for doing this . '' 
 `` you 're still new . 
 i 'll spank you in a few years ' time if you 're still doing it . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 the sound lifted his heart . 
 `` deal . '' 
 kissing her neck , he felt his c ** k thicken , ready to f ** k her . 
 `` i know something else we could do , '' he said , biting her neck . 
 `` fuck me , zeke . '' 
 `` you read my mind . '' 
 pushing her to her back he slid inside her tight heat feeling her cunt grip him with each thrust . 
 she cried out . 
 her pu ** y was already slick for him . 
 reaching between them he caressed her cl * t bringing her closer to orgasm . 
 within seconds she shattered around his shaft . 
 he drove into her harder than ever before , claiming her lips , plunging his tongue inside . 
 mary cried out around him . 
 her mouth opened , and he took full advantage . 
 pulling out of her tight cunt , he turned her quickly until she was on her knees in front of him . 
 the tight puckered ring of her ass glinted up at him , shining from her leaking cream . 
 slamming back inside , zeke stared at her ass knowing he was going to claim her . 
 running his hands over her ass , he opened her cheeks wide , stretching her . 
 `` zeke , please , '' she said , moaning . 
 `` do n't worry , baby . 
 i 'm going to take care of you . '' 
 fucking her hard and fast he felt the mating bond come over him . 
 reaching across the bed , he opened the drawer to find some lubrication . 
 his father always made sure every room was prepared for any claiming . 
 when he was younger zeke had found it strange , but his parents had brought him up with the knowledge of being prepared . 
 tearing off the cap , he coated his fingers and pressed them against her ass . 
 she tensed up around his fingers . 
 caressing her back with his free hand zeke worked his fingers inside her until she finally relaxed around his invading digits . 
 `` i love you , mary . 
 i 'd never let anything happen to you . 
 you 're my woman , my mate , and i live to serve you , '' zeke said , saying the words with all his heart . 
 what had started out as a simple contract of her being his toy had developed into something far more beautiful . 
 mary was his mate , and she carried his young . 
 `` i love you , zeke . 
 everything i am is yours . '' 
 she spoke the words she knew . 
 considering she 'd not been trained with proper wolf etiquette , zeke was impressed . 
 he moved out of her pu ** y , coating his c ** k with the remaining lube before pressing the tip back to her ass . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k your ass . 
 i promised you i would . '' 
 zeke smelled her arousal , which had deepened since he mentioned taking her ass . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she cried out as he pressed the tip of his c ** k to her anus . 
 mary did n't fight him , but it took her several minutes to relax once again . 
 slowly he guided himself into her ass . 
 when she 'd taken the whole of him , he caressed her back soothing her with words . 
 `` i 'm inside you , baby . '' 
 the mating scent filled the room surrounding both of them . 
 by the time he left this room any other bitch who went near him would know he belonged to another woman . 
 zeke felt the primal instinct to f ** k come over him . 
 gripping her hips , he pulled out of her ass , watching himself appear . 
 plunging back inside , zeke f ** ked her ass hard feeling her tighten around him . 
 `` are you going to come , baby ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he touched her clit , caressing the nub . 
 within seconds she shattered , and her ass ** le tightened around his cock . 
 crying out , zeke knew he would n't be able to last . 
 fucking her ass hard , zeke felt the stirrings within . 
 his natural mating scent overrode everything else and poured into her body . 
 groaning , zeke tensed as his cum shot into her ass . 
 he did n't move away from her and pushed inside one last time . 
 when the orgasm started to ebb away , he collapsed down beside her . 
 `` wow , '' she said . 
 `` i had no idea this full moon was going to be any different . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you 're pregnant and mated . 
 it just goes to show how life can change instantly . 
 would you change anything ? '' 
 `` yeah , i would n't have trusted dani and roger so quickly , '' she said , wiping the sweat from her brow . 
 `` not all of us are like that . 
 i promise you . '' 
 kissing her neck he slowly eased out of her ass . 
 `` i think it 's a bath time for both of us . '' 
 lifting her up , he carried her through to the bathroom . 
 she stayed still as he filled the bath with water . 
 placing her in the hot water , he slid behind her , wrapping his arms around her body , holding her close . 
 `` i will never get tired of this , '' she said . 
 closing his eyes , he inhaled her fresh , loving scent . 
 `` and i know i 'll never grow bored . 
 you know what this means , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to marry me . 
 i 'll organize everything , and all you need to do is show up . '' 
 she laughed , sitting back against him . 
 `` what was your meeting about with your father ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they 've found debbie . '' 
 he told her every single detail about what had happened in his father 's office . 
 `` a whole new pack ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't know what it means , but he suggested debbie was with them . 
 i 'm going to need you with me for when this goes down , baby . 
 with you there i imagine it will help ease any tensions . '' 
 he hated asking this of her , but he did n't see any other choice . 
 `` you want me to come with you to the meeting ? 
 i thought your dad already ordered it ? '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` he 's ordered it , but i 'm still your alpha . 
 you do n't follow orders from anyone but me . '' 
 `` in the bedroom or out of it ? '' 
 there was a glint in her eye that he 'd never seen before . 
 bending down , he rubbed his nose against hers . 
 `` both , baby . 
 do n't you forget who 's the boss here . '' 
 `` as if i could ever forget . 
 i 'll be there for you on friday . 
 it 's the least i could do , and it 's not like my time with you is over yet . '' 
 `` bitch , our time together has only just begun . '' 
 he claimed her lips knowing in his heart that everything was going to be okay . 
 chapter twelve the following friday mary stared across the field at the oncoming pack approaching . 
 there were so many of them yet so few on william 's and zeke 's side . 
 if anything bad was about to happen she knew they were outnumbered and trapped . 
 there would be no safety for any of them . 
 tightening her hand around zeke 's she felt him tense beside her . 
 over the last week the bond between them had tightened . 
 during their time together she found out they actually worked in the same building . 
 where she stayed close to the ground floor never venturing upwards , zeke spent most of his time on the top floors never really leaving them . 
 by the time he would have crossed her scent it would have disappeared , given how many people worked in the company . 
 he was the ceo of the firm she worked in . 
 she learned a lot of wolves actually owned some of the more profitable companies out there , so they could control their breaks around the full moon . 
 `` there 's my sister , '' he said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 she looked at the array of people approaching them and could n't find a single person . 
 `` there . '' 
 he pointed to the woman beside a large , muscular man . 
 `` come on , boys , we 're not getting any younger , '' william shouted at all of them . 
 there were not many on her side , and she was starting to wish she 'd turned down the request to accompany them . 
 `` everything will be all right , '' he said . 
 `` how do you know ? 
 i feel like i 'm in some historic movie about to walk into battle . '' 
 they were dragging something along with them . 
 across the distance she saw the rope wrapped around a man 's neck . 
 the man in question was bleeding and bruised . 
 in no time at all they were less than few feet away from each other . 
 `` father , brother , alphas , '' debbie said , walking close . 
 the scent coming off debbie was the same as the big giant holding the string . 
 `` this is george . 
 he 's an escapee like me , but he 's been surviving a lot longer than i have . 
 they took him over ten years ago and kept him for five years before he was strong enough to break free . '' 
 debbie looked back longingly . 
 `` he saved me , and he 's my mate . '' 
 `` honey , congratulations . 
 i 'm so happy to see you 're alive . '' 
 william stopped . 
 mary heard the emotion in his voice . 
 he was struggling to keep himself together . 
 `` why did n't you come to us sooner ? '' 
 `` with roger and dani alive i could n't risk it . 
 they were dangerous . 
 when the news of their slaughter came to us , we knew we needed to wait . 
 it was never about hiding , dad . 
 we 're a pack all together . 
 some of us are half breeds , others full breeds . 
 we 're mixed but bound together by what they did to us . 
 i smell one of us amongst you , and i know she 's covered in zeke 's smell , '' debbie said . 
 mary raised her hand in greeting , thinking about jessica . 
 `` what the hell happened out there , debs ? '' 
 zeke asked . 
 `` i went out to find information on the missing bodies . 
 there were too many to count . 
 roger and dani did n't keep documents of the people they killed . 
 some of the bodies they dumped out were not dead . '' 
 debbie stopped to look behind her . 
 `` all of these people survived what they did . 
 this man . '' 
 debbie pointed at the one who was bleeding . 
 george pulled him in front , presenting him to them . 
 `` he 's the one responsible for the experiments . 
 his name is luther dale . 
 he 's a scientist and a half breed . '' 
 george grabbed luther around the neck . 
 `` he 's the one who encouraged roger and dani to capture others like us , '' george said , snarling in the man 's face . 
 mary watched unable to speak out . 
 debbie threw a bag onto the ground . 
 `` he 's a half breed . 
 he was turned by a full breed female , and he hated his condition so much he started to experiment on himself . 
 binding himself up so the wolf within was trapped unable to get out . '' 
 `` it worked , '' luther said , glaring at all of them . 
 `` you 're all f ** king monsters . 
 i showed that bitch who turned me not to mess with me . 
 fucking turning me against my will , the furry disgusting whore . 
 i killed her , and then i went to dani and roger . 
 they were going to be my next victims . 
 i 'm going to rid this world of you evil f ** kers , and i 'm going to swim in the blood i spill . 
 i 'll tear you all apart , limb from f ** king limb . '' 
 the venom pouring from his mouth startled mary . 
 taking a step back , she felt her body tightening , ready to strike out and kill him . 
 `` he promised them complete power over the wolves . 
 with the injections and experiments he hoped to kill every last breed out there , '' debbie said . 
 tears were leaking from her eyes showing her pain . 
 `` i would have succeeded as well until they discovered what i was doing , '' luther said . 
 `` what were you doing ? '' 
 william asked . 
 `` i was killing off their projects . 
 they thought i was helping them to build a better race . 
 i would never help some f ** king dogs . '' 
 luther spat on the ground . 
 `` you 're f ** king animals , and the sooner you 're all dead and gone , the happier i 'll be . '' 
 forcing her way forward , mary glared at him . 
 `` i was newly turned , and you experimented on me ? '' 
 `` no , i was far gone by then . 
 when they found out what i was up to i escaped , '' luther said , glaring at her . 
 the look in his eyes scared her . 
 the evil lurking in his depths was so pure , so filled with hatred . 
 `` but dani and roger continued their experiments . 
 he planted the seed in their heads , and they were going to kill everyone just like he imagined , '' debbie said , wrapping her arms around george . 
 `` these are my people , and they want him dead . 
 i will give it to them . 
 debbie , my love , requested you got the chance to see the evidence before we kill him , '' george said , holding onto his mate tightly . 
 mary recognized the bond as she felt it with zeke . 
 `` this man is of no use to us . 
 i would never condone taking a life , but seeing as this man has taken many of ours and there is no human law that can keep him bound , i think it 's only best you deal with him in your own way , '' william said . 
 he turned to the rest of the alphas . 
 `` if any of you dispute my statement then i suggest you stand here and now and vouch for this murderer . '' 
 going to zeke 's side , mary snuggled against his warm heat , inhaling his comforting scent . 
 `` i love you , '' she said . 
 `` this will all be over soon . 
 when it is , you and i are going to have some fun away from all of this shit . '' 
 she liked the sound of that . 
 no one stepped forward . 
 george released the string around the man 's neck . 
 luther ran off the moment he was free . 
 mary watched as the pack luther had tested and used , turned into their wolves and charged after the man trying to escape . 
 mary turned away the moment they caught him . 
 she did n't need to see more than necessary . 
 the screams were enough for her to know that the man was indeed dead . 
 debbie ran to her father , hugging him tightly . 
 zeke stepped up , with her attached to his side , to glare at george . 
 the large man glared back with equal measure . 
 `` i do n't know who you are , and i really do n't care . 
 you hurt my sister , and i 'll kill you , '' zeke said . 
 `` is this your mate ? '' 
 george asked . 
 `` yes , mary , this is george . 
 george , this is mary . '' 
 as quickly as the tensions rose they were defused . 
 she stood with her man as he talked with george and the other alphas . 
 mary was taken aback by how quickly they all accepted her as zeke 's mate . 
 debbie hugged her close , and while the men were talking , they were getting to know each other . 
 `` i 'm pleased my brother finally found you , '' debbie said . 
 `` i am , too . 
 i did n't know he was my mate . '' 
 mary looked behind to see zeke staring at her ass . 
 heat filled her cheeks as she looked at debbie . 
 `` do n't be embarrassed . 
 it 's the wolf way to let their woman know what 's coming to them . 
 my brother is in love with you . 
 anyone who knew what love was can see it . '' 
 smiling , mary tucked some hair behind her ears . 
 `` you 're mated as well ? '' 
 `` yeah , george saved me . 
 i was in the river about fifty miles from where roger and dani held me . 
 i was dying . 
 i could smell death on me . 
 he helped me out of the water . 
 i was freezing to death . 
 george and the pack nursed me back to health . '' 
 `` he did n't keep you against your will ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` no , i could have left at any time . 
 i did n't want to . 
 why leave someone you know you 're going to love for the rest of your life ? 
 he 's my soul mate , '' debbie said . 
 `` i know exactly what you mean . '' 
 afterward , she took zeke 's hand , and together they headed off into the night . 
 nothing else could go wrong as far as she was concerned . 
 **** `` my pack love and adore you , mary . 
 this is your final time to be able to run wild . 
 come on out of the bathroom and stop being a big baby , '' zeke said . 
 over a week had passed since he 'd seen his sister . 
 he visited her regularly and was helping the pack acclimate since their capture and torture . 
 `` i 'm coming out . 
 i 'm not used to being naked , you know ? '' 
 `` it 's not like you have to get dressed , baby . 
 get your clothes on , and come on . 
 we 've got to go . 
 jessica is already out there in wolf form . '' 
 he was n't going to tell her that jessica had gotten the chance to hide behind a bush to change . 
 the pack had adopted little jessica as their own wolf , and she lived with him and mary . 
 he liked having the young girl around . 
 jessica had a way about her that meant mary gave her everything she wanted . 
 he was using the girl to adopt the skill . 
 so far he 'd not been successful , but it had only been a week . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm coming out . '' 
 the door to the bathroom opened , and his shining star stared back at him . 
 her hands cupped her stomach . 
 she was n't even showing yet , and she was making excuses about being fat . 
 `` you 're beautiful , baby , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm fat . '' 
 `` i will smack that ass if you say such a thing . 
 you 're a beautiful , sexy , desirable woman . 
 i love you , and my pack will love you . 
 we 're your family . '' 
 he took her hands leading her outside to the cool air . 
 `` this is going to be your last chance to shift with the baby on the way . '' 
 she pouted , and he found it the most adorable thing in the world . 
 `` i love you , '' he said , kissing her lips . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` no , you do n't . 
 stop trying to lie . '' 
 he led her down the hall then the stairs until they were at the front door . 
 mary dug her heals in refusing to budge . 
 `` i will throw you over my shoulder and take you out there either way . 
 it 's up to you , '' he said . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm coming , but you 're not being fair at all . '' 
 she tried to pull out of his arms . 
 he would n't release her . 
 opening the door , he led the way out to the full moon sky . 
 his pack was all around basking in the glow of the final full moon . 
 zeke was happier when her saw jane and max were the closest of all of his pack . 
 mary was closest to jane as the two women were half breeds together . 
 `` can i turn now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , not yet . 
 stop being impatient with me . '' 
 leading her out as far as he dared zeke faced the men and women of his pack . 
 `` i would like to present to you all my mate , mary . 
 this will be her last shift as she 's carrying my baby . '' 
 pressing a hand to her stomach , zeke was happy when she did n't slap his hand . 
 the wolves all howled together showing him their acceptance of what he 'd declared . 
 `` take care of her . 
 she 's your alpha 's queen . '' 
 another waves of howls greeted them . 
 `` is it good that they 're howling ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , they accept you , baby . 
 they 're going to take care of you like i am . 
 nothing is ever going to harm you again . '' 
 jessica approached in wolf form . 
 zeke tensed as she sat back on her hindquarters . 
 for some reason he expected her to pounce , but she bowed down in submission accepting her new pack . 
 `` easy , girl , '' zeke said , touching her head . 
 the girl whimpered before walking off . 
 `` you 're not going to get rid of her , are you ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` she 's ours now , baby . '' 
 kissing on the lips he released her hand and slowly turned into the form of a wolf . 
 `` you 've done good , alpha . '' 
 `` she 's going to be a fine woman for you . '' 
 `` congratulations on a mate and a pup . '' 
 he listened to the words of his men knowing he 'd made the right choice for his life and for his pack . 
 mary stared at him . 
 her hand reached out toward him . 
 she 'd done this once before , and he 'd bitten her . 
 bowing his head , he offered her a chance to stroke him . 
 her fingers sank into his hair . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' she said . 
 waiting patiently , he watched her gaze up at the full moon , and slowly , gracefully the full brown wolf stared back at him . 
 `` thank you for not biting me this time . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he drowned out the noise of their pack for this time . 
 mary did n't need to know some of the men 's erotic thoughts when it came to her . 
 she knew more than enough for the time being . 
 zeke was n't the only one in his pack who thought mary was a sexy woman . 
 `` enjoy your night , baby . 
 it 's going to be your last for a while . '' 
 she bowed her head and then took off . 
 the pack was running around wild throughout the night . 
 he heard some of them chasing after deer or wild forest animals . 
 others were taking the time to run . 
 he followed mary toward the lake they 'd visited once before . 
 she ran around for several miles , howling up at the moon . 
 zeke stayed close by her side the whole time . 
 she showed no signs of slowing down or being injured . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm concerned . 
 your safety is my first priority . '' 
 mary charged at him , banging his side with her nuzzle . 
 `` have some fun . '' 
 she took off in the opposite direction of the waterfall . 
 giving her several seconds ' head start , zeke laughed inside and then chased after her . 
 he would n't mind spending the rest of his life having to chase after her . 
 `` keep up , slow coach . '' 
 running after her zeke allowed her to think she was winning . 
 he could have taken her at any time . 
 she circled around to the waterfall . 
 before he could stop her she jumped over the edge into the plunging water . 
 halfway down he saw her turn into a human and give herself over to the water . 
 he was so angry . 
 zeke turned into a human before jumping over the edge . 
 when he got her back in his arms he was going to spank her until her backside was red f ** king raw . 
 coming up for air he saw mary was floating on her back staring up at the moon . 
 `` are you f ** king insane ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she turned her head to look at him . 
 `` have you lost your mind ? 
 jumping off the f ** king edge is not f ** king funny , '' he said , feeling his temper start to cool as she smiled at him . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset you . 
 i loved the rush the last time we were out here . '' 
 she moved to his side , wrapping her arms around his neck . 
 `` i love you , zeke . 
 i wanted to remember our night together . 
 you , me , the full moon . 
 ca n't you see what i wanted ? 
 this is a beautiful spot and perfect for us to spend the night together . '' 
 her lip quivered , and he was a goner . 
 zeke could n't stay made at her . 
 `` do n't do shit like that again , '' he said . 
 `` you 're a sucker when it comes to me , are n't you ? '' 
 `` you 've got that right , baby . 
 i could n't handle anything happening to you . 
 you 're my future . '' 
 she dropped a kiss to his lips . 
 `` we 've got to plan a white wedding . '' 
 `` you 're not a virgin , baby . 
 i took care of that . '' 
 he grabbed her ass , squeezing her flesh . 
 mary laughed . 
 `` i was a virgin , and you owe me . 
 i 'm having a white wedding , and you 're not going to take that away from me . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of taking anything from you , baby . 
 you remember who you belong to , and i 'll give you whatever you want . '' 
 she kissed his lips , and he opened up for her . 
 mary plundered her tongue into his mouth . 
 their moans were drowned out by the rushing of the water . 
 holding her tight , he pressed her against the edge of the fall . 
 she gasped , wrapping her legs around his waist as he found her core . 
 `` if you play your cards right , alpha , i 'll be your toy for far longer than tonight , '' she said . 
 `` babe , you 'll never be anything but my toy . '' 
 he teased her , slamming into her molten heat . 
 `` by the end of the night you 'll scream my name as you beg for more . '' 
 she leaned in close to whisper against his ear . 
 `` you 'll be screaming just as much . '' 
 zeke had no doubt of what she 'd get him to do . 
 he was her slave just as much as she was his toy . 
 with the full moon glaring around them , zeke took her hard , making love to her in the water . 
 they were a mated couple , destined by fate , and made real by the love glowing between them . 
 epilogue six months later glancing over the latest instructions in cot building mary was at a loss . 
 she listened to the pack working on the repairs she 'd requested on the house . 
 with the big day drawing near she 'd been confined to the pack house in order to rest and not overexert herself . 
 it was all right for zeke as he was still allowed to work . 
 she 'd been confined to rest by the pack doctor , james . 
 even though zeke asked her not to she 'd checked james 's credentials . 
 she did n't trust a doctor who demanded bed rest from a woman seven months pregnant . 
 okay , she was n't a doctor , but she hated being put on bed rest , and it was n't exactly bed rest , just rest . 
 blowing the hair off her face she stared down at her rounded stomach . 
 `` i hope you come out soon , buddy . 
 i need to get out and shift or do something . 
 i 'm getting bigger than an elephant . '' 
 rubbing her stomach , she glanced down at the instructions . 
 making a cot should n't be this difficult . 
 it was her first time trying to make anything . 
 pushing her hair out of her way she knelt over the wood trying to figure out what each piece was . 
 the men were hammering away giving her a new porch . 
 zeke 's instructions were plain : do what she said . 
 mary had hated it at first , but having a pack full of men wanting to be nice was a welcome relief . 
 she was never without company . 
 jessica was also being taught at home , and she had some company at all times . 
 `` zeke 's going to have a fit when he sees what you 're trying to do , '' jane said , walking in with milk and cookies . 
 `` is that for me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , i 've brought you milk and cookies to tease you . 
 of course they 're for you . '' 
 jane placed the tray on the nearest free surface before taking a seat . 
 `` let 's have a look at what you 're trying to do . '' 
 handing jane the instructions mary took a bite out of the baked cookies . 
 after twenty minutes both of them had n't assembled the tough cot . 
 `` this is for your man , '' jane said . 
 as if jane 's words brought him to life , mary looked in the doorway to see zeke leaning against it . 
 `` i told you i 'd deal with the cot when i got home . '' 
 `` i was bored , and you wo n't let me do anything . '' 
 `` you 're pregnant . 
 carrying my baby and you 're a half breed . 
 james instructed you to rest because of the dangers you face . '' 
 jane made herself scarce as zeke entered the room . 
 he picked her up from the floor , kissing her deeply before going to his knees to kiss her stomach . 
 `` now , my dear wife , what can i help you with ? '' 
 she stared at the ring on his finger showing to the world who he belonged to . 
 `` nothing . 
 you can kiss me and tell me how sexy you think i am . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck and felt her cheeks heat as she struggled to get close to him . 
 her large stomach was once again in the way . 
 `` forget telling me what you think of me . '' 
 `` hey , you 're my beautiful , sexy , pregnant wife , and i 'm going to love you no matter how big you get with my baby . '' 
 `` big ? '' 
 he silenced her with his lips , and mary could n't remember why they were having a little argument . 
 the last six months had been bliss . 
 she 'd been mated , married , knocked up , and treasured . 
 with zeke 's arms wrapped around her , mary felt like the luckiest woman in the world . 
 the cot could wait , and so could all the repairs to the house . 
 when zeke , her alpha , her husband , was home , everything else could wait . 
 `` i love you , baby . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 two months later , mary gave birth to a strong healthy boy . 
 she 'd never forget the look on zeke 's face as he stared down into his son . 
 it was then she truly knew their love was absolute . 
 the way he was looking at his son was similar to the way he looked at her . 
 the end 
