 chapter one daniel brennan ran through the forest inhaling all the delicious scents and listening to all the sounds that surrounded him during a run . 
 he needed to clear his head before he headed toward his bdsm club . 
 some of his pack was following him , being the loyal guards they craved to be , while others were at the club . 
 none of his pack lived with him . 
 he 'd never been one of those alphas who demanded the pack 's presence at all times . 
 they were free to roam within his area , and the only rule he demanded they all follow was that the secret of the wolf be kept at all times . 
 obviously , if one of the men or women were to find their mate , he would n't mind that secret being divulged . 
 serious shit happened between mated couples , and secrets were easily kept . 
 he rounded the forest and took off at a run with the others following behind him . 
 being the alpha of the pack made him faster and stronger than anyone else . 
 daniel loved the power even though he never used it against any member . 
 he 'd never been into cruelty or demeaning others . 
 they were his pack , and he loved them like he would his children . 
 daniel had heard of other packs where cruelty occurred , but he 'd yet to meet any of them . 
 once he ran off the burst of energy , he stood looking over his property . 
 his family came from old money , and so his house was large , big enough to contain a pack . 
 `` okay , you 're fast , we get that , '' jake said , taking several deep breaths . 
 `` shit , did you have to prove to us how great and powerful you are ? '' 
 chuckling , daniel glanced at his friend , who also happened to be one of the guards who assigned himself to taking care of him . 
 `` you 're the one , along with dave and bill , who sticks around to protect me . 
 i do n't need protecting , jake . '' 
 `` we all know this , and none of us care what you say . 
 we 're going to stick beside you no matter what . '' 
 daniel rolled his eyes . 
 he was n't being a pain in the ass and truly believed he did n't need help protecting himself . 
 in all the years he 'd been alpha he 'd not once had any conflict with any outsiders . 
 any pack that entered his territory presented themselves and requested permission to stay within his area for a few days or weeks . 
 not once had he encountered a rogue wolf or someone of any threat . 
 they were all peaceful , and he worked with them to ease life for his pack . 
 he heard of other alphas who did nothing but fight , argue , and cause problems trying to overtake other territories . 
 `` are you going to see her ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 the smile on daniel 's face disappeared . 
 the her being his very stubborn , pain in the ass mate who did n't acknowledge him as a mate or anything other than a master . 
 `` i 'm going to see her . 
 i 've got no choice . '' 
 he gritted his teeth , fisting his hands as the anger and longing combined together . 
 daniel could n't have the woman he wanted as she held herself away from him . 
 `` you 're going to kinkster 's then ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 kinkster 's was the local bdsm club that he helped to run . 
 they catered to the wolves with a taste for the rougher , kinkier side of sex . 
 some of the members were human as mates were not restricted to their own kind . 
 daniel did n't mind . 
 he was n't against mates in whatever form they came in . 
 the world , at times , was extremely cruel . 
 for a wolf to find their one true mate was a gift that few enjoyed . 
 some men stopped looking for their mates and settled down with the next best thing . 
 the only problem with settling down for the next best thing was when they finally stumbled upon the woman destined to be theirs . 
 `` i 've got no choice . 
 she 'll be there , and i know my wolf will not allow me to lose her because i hate what 's going on between us . '' 
 there was nothing going on . 
 dawn weldon had entered his life one year ago and taken to screwing with his head . 
 she did n't know how she screwed with him , but she was stubborn . 
 dawn was n't part of his pack , but , however , she 'd approached him for permission to be allowed inside kinkster 's . 
 she was a submissive inside , craving whatever his men could dish out , whether it be from a hand or a cane . 
 the moment she entered his house he 'd scented the need to mate , to claim , to possess . 
 those feelings only intensified while she 'd been in his company dressed in a simple black pencil skirt and white blouse . 
 the conservative clothes did n't repel him . 
 he scented the darker cravings within her . 
 the submissive wolf begged for some help , his help to tame the fire within . 
 not one word left her lips as they 'd stared at each other , assessing , waiting . 
 he sensed her wolf , could see it as if she changed in front of him . 
 the dark black wolf with hints of brown needed a strong hand , a firm hand . 
 for the first time in his life , he 'd sensed what true submission was all about , and dawn had it all locked up in her dark skinned body . 
 her hazel eyes shot fire at him while her curvy body begged for him to take her and f ** k her . 
 dawn was all woman with large tits , full rounded hips , and a curving stomach . 
 to him , she would take a f ** king without any fear of hurting her . 
 her legs were thick and strong as well . 
 her body was pure perfection , and always had him hard as rock . 
 even as her wolf wanted to lie down in submission , the woman in front of him put up a fight . 
 dawn and her wolf were together as one , but she was determined not to put her future in the hands of a person she did n't trust . 
 for as much as she was submissive , she was n't stupid either . 
 daniel respected her . 
 his mate did n't crave any kind of submission at the hands of a cruel man . 
 she wanted to be submissive for the right man who 'd take care of her and treat her right , not like some animal . 
 the scars inside her ran deep , and yet , she boxed them away as if there was not a care in the world . 
 she would n't acknowledge his claiming . 
 they 'd never f ** ked , and he 'd not met her pack alpha . 
 her one and only request was that her presence remain a secret . 
 she did n't want him to approach her pack alpha , and as her mate and dom , he could n't do what she asked him not to . 
 with every day that passed he tried to prove to her over and over again that she could trust him . 
 she allowed him to touch her , but only in punishment never in intimacy . 
 their relationship was pitiful , but it 's what he needed . 
 his wolf calmed a little when he was with her and now refused to lose that just because of her being difficult . 
 `` you could find someone else , daniel . 
 you do n't have to put up with this crap . '' 
 jake placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i 've got no choice . 
 she 's my other half . 
 my only reason for going to kinkster 's now . '' 
 from the moment dawn entered his life , she 'd destroyed him for any other woman . 
 he used to take pleasure in training submissives and sharing a unique lifestyle with other women . 
 now , he depended on dawn . 
 she did n't have the first clue of the power she held over him . 
 he saw it in her eyes when they were together . 
 she did n't trust her responses or her senses . 
 had her senses let her down in the past ? 
 he did n't know . 
 there was so much he did n't know about his woman . 
 she was a mystery he wanted to solve . 
 `` the rest of the pack , do they share your thoughts ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` they 're concerned for their alpha , their leader . 
 you 've got to understand their worries . '' 
 `` i 've got to understand nothing , jake . 
 i care for my pack , and no decision i make is easy . '' 
 he ran a hand down his face feeling the desire to find his mate . 
 his wolf wished to bask in her scent and to see her submission at his feet . 
 `` we know you 'll take care when you make this decision . 
 we 're just concerned about you . 
 your wolf has run every day for the last month . 
 nothing you do seems to lock him up tight . 
 dawn keeping you at arms ' - length is driving your wolf hard . 
 one year , daniel , one year you 've been going through this . 
 something needs to stop . '' 
 he turned to look at jake . 
 dave and bill were standing a good distance away , but he saw the tension in their bodies . 
 `` you 're worried i 'm going to let my beast take over ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` worse things have happened in the past . '' 
 some women who deny their mates could sometimes set about the feral beast within . 
 when the feral instinct hit , everyone was in danger . 
 `` i 'm not going to let it get that far . 
 i 've got a handle on everything . 
 dawn needs guidance and care . 
 i 'm not going to rush her just because my wolf demands more . '' 
 if he rushed dawn all the work they 'd put in together on their relationship would be over . 
 as much as he 'd love to spread her open and f ** k her from sunrise to sunset , he knew he craved more . 
 `` we trust you , '' jake said . 
 the look dave and bill sent him told him another story . 
 they trusted him , but with dawn they were starting to doubt his leadership . 
 it was time to put dawn in the picture of what she was doing to him . 
 **** twirling the straw in her glass , dawn watched the liquid swirl around . 
 she 'd been sitting at the bar for the last hour . 
 the sounds of feminine and masculine moans filled the air . 
 kinkster 's was n't like many bdsm clubs . 
 the bar did n't sell liquor but cups of tea , coffee , espresso , or in her case , sodas . 
 she loved drinking soda . 
 the taste was so refreshing , reminding her a lot of her youth when life was easy , simple . 
 life had stopped being simple at her transition when her life had changed forever . 
 dawn held a secret that she could n't tell anyone , not even her own father . 
 she was wolf , through and through , and only her need to be controlled set her apart from others within her pack . 
 spinning around in her seat , she looked at the people before her . 
 some of the people were human mates while many of them were wolves . 
 her pack was in the territory three towns over , and she came to kinkster 's as none of them did . 
 none of her pack ever believed in bdsm . 
 she 'd heard what they said when this club opened . 
 running fingers through her hair , she watched a woman who was bent over a spanking bench get her ass tanned . 
 her tender white flesh blushed a nice rouge as the man , her dom , went at her for some misdemeanor . 
 the scene left dawn 's cunt creaming . 
 her skin was dark , and it took a lot for her ass to show any hint of red . 
 she knew as she 'd been told before . 
 finding a man to become her master or dom had put her in some bad situations . 
 the men within her pack did n't believe in taking a hand or cane to woman , let alone punishing her . 
 she wished she could say as much for one woman in the pack . 
 dawn closed her eyes as memories flooded her at what she 'd done to herself . 
 she 'd gone out amongst the humans to find what she craved . 
 her fear and need had disguised the natural scent of the people around her . 
 the first man she allowed herself to be free with had tied her up for two days and whipped her body leaving blood trailing down to the floor . 
 he 'd been a sadist of the worst kind . 
 while he 'd been in his high of thinking he was hurting her , he let slip that he 'd killed a woman because she could n't handle his kind of punishment . 
 her wolf had n't liked that and had come out of her haze to kill him . 
 she had turned her hands into claws and torn him apart . 
 for a long time she 'd stared at the mess she created of the man then took care of the evidence . 
 he was scum , and no one missed him . 
 after her first disaster in bdsm , she 'd decided to leave it alone . 
 wanting pain , needing pain , and craving pain had to be pushed aside . 
 the pain she craved that no matter what anyone did to her , she could n't feel . 
 she could n't allow herself to become vulnerable to anyone . 
 wolves were not submissive and did not enjoy that bite of pain to get them off , nor did they hunt for someone to hurt them in the hope of feeling it . 
 she did n't know why she was different from the others in her pack , but out of fear she did n't ask anyone what they experienced . 
 the couples she saw in the pack were always sweet together . 
 her first time had been awful , and the guy she 'd shared it with had held her down as he rode her body hard . 
 the only thing she recalled liking was being held down and the fact she could n't feel anything as he bit her during his release . 
 from that point her need to find pain had only grown . 
 her wolf knew what she wanted , and so did dawn . 
 `` i 'm sorry , master . '' 
 dawn followed the sound to see a man embracing his submissive . 
 he wore a pair of jeans , and that was all . 
 his arms were around his woman , and he stroked her hair . 
 `` next time you 'll take care , wo n't you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 her curiosity got the better of her , and she found herself watching the couple . 
 she did n't know their names or their relationship to each other . 
 the scent coming off them told her they were both wolves . 
 `` tara did n't take any precautions while she was out shopping and walked in front of an oncoming bus . 
 if dale had n't been close by , she 'd have lost their unborn baby , and could have been killed . 
 we can withstand a lot , but a head on collision with a bus is pushing it a bit , '' daniel said , sitting beside her . 
 fisting her hands on her knees , she tried to fight the need to look at him . 
 you 're mates . 
 stop fighting it . 
 according to daniel they were mates , but she did n't trust the feelings going through her body . 
 she 'd been in such awful predicaments that she did n't have the first clue what to believe anymore . 
 her wolf craved his harsh punishment as did she , yet they were both cautious , their past mistakes and cravings making them wary . 
 he stared at her . 
 all his male perfection taunted her with what she could have and held herself away from . 
 was he here to mock her ? 
 he 'd never do that to you . 
 stop treating him like the others . 
 she forced herself to look at him and then wished she had n't . 
 daniel was n't wearing a shirt like most of the men in the club . 
 however , when daniel was semi-naked , she could n't focus on anything but his revealed flesh . 
 his usually pale skin was tanned from the hours he spent in the sun . 
 the same skin was covered in different kinds of ink . 
 none of the ink was colored or elaborate . 
 the designs were in black ink , pretty simple , yet they stood out on his body , which was strong , thick , and muscular . 
 he made her mouth water when she simply looked at him . 
 she quickly glanced down at her skirt , wishing she 'd put something more on . 
 when daniel stood beside her , he made her feel small , delicate . 
 her size sixteen curves next to him felt like nothing . 
 he pulsed with energy and power . 
 the alpha wolf inside him exuded everything she wanted in a man and a leader . 
 do n't trust . 
 her wolf 's inner warnings made her tense up . 
 `` look at me , dawn . '' 
 he spoke harshly . 
 her body awakened once again , and she looked at him . 
 his black hair hung over his face brushing the tops of his eyes . 
 daniel did n't have a lot of hair , but he had enough of it that she was left wanting to run her fingers through it . 
 his brown gaze was focused entirely on her . 
 she shivered at the power , the slight hint of amber as his wolf came to the surface . 
 mate . 
 `` thank you for telling me , '' she said . 
 `` are they your wolves ? '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 i was just curious about the couple . '' 
 she offered a smile even though smiling was the last thing she wanted to do . 
 `` you 're lying to me again . '' 
 she bit her lip , glancing down at her hands . 
 dawn released a gasp , and he picked her up off the stool she sat on and took her seat . 
 in quick moves he had her sitting on his lap . 
 the evidence of his erection pressed against her ass , mocking her . 
 this is what you could have but never will because you 're a coward . 
 his hand settled on her leg . 
 daniel did n't push the boundaries she set . 
 he was the perfect gentleman and master . 
 `` tate and dale have been coming to kinkster 's for five years . 
 they 're a truly happy mated couple . '' 
 `` she 's happy being a submissive ? '' 
 `` they like to play , dawn . 
 mated or not , they know what they like . '' 
 dawn licked her lips as her ni ** les beaded at the sound of his voice . 
 the heat of his body surrounded her , filling her with hope for something more . 
 her pu ** y was on fire for his touch . 
 it had been a year since she last experienced an orgasm , maybe a little longer . 
 her last partner left when he could n't give her what she wanted . 
 he told her she needed to find someone willing to put up with her crap . 
 she was always on the hunt to feel pain , a lot of it , and she liked being held down . 
 some men did n't like being in charge completely . 
 that 's all she wanted , a man to be in complete control and to give her pain . 
 during her early years , she would have given anything to stop feeling pain . 
 now , she wanted the pain to know she was alive , that something was n't missing . 
 look what happened all the times we 've let them . 
 she closed her eyes as all of her failed attempts played through her like a broken record . 
 at the ripe age of twenty-nine , she 'd killed one man and been hurt by six more in a relationship . 
 being told you were a sick , disgusting , or plain weird , hurt just as much as punch . 
 dawn did n't like being punched at least , or she did n't used to . 
 now , she did n't feel it . 
 she liked being spanked , punished in the most delicious of ways as the touch was better than nothing . 
 `` you ca n't go anywhere , '' daniel said , capturing her chin and turning her to face him . 
 the grip on her face was hard , and he did n't let go . 
 `` what did i tell you when you came here ? '' 
 `` that i 'm with you and i ca n't go anywhere else . '' 
 `` that 's right , pet . 
 you came to me because you needed strong discipline and a harsh hand . 
 you 're trying to fight me , and i 'm tired of it . '' 
 he placed her on her feet and stood . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 daniel shot her a glare . 
 `` sir ? 
 what are you doing , sir ? '' 
 `` we 're going to deal with your punishment . 
 inside kinkster 's you 're my submissive unless you say your safe word . '' 
 he took hold of her hand leading her away from witnesses . 
 even as her heart raced in fear of what was to come , she could n't help the hit of arousal . 
 seeing him in the zone of a dom turned her on . 
 chapter two daniel passed several members of his pack who gave him a quick nod . 
 he greeted them but kept moving as he did . 
 dawn kept by his side with her head bowed . 
 she was n't acting the part of the submissive ; she was simply following him . 
 he noticed through watching her that she kept her head down whenever she moved from place to place . 
 dawn rarely looked up to see the world around her . 
 her life had n't been easy . 
 he 'd seen the evidence in her eyes as well as in her actions . 
 she 'd been hurt in the past . 
 he wanted to know all of her secrets and what she was hiding from him . 
 mates did n't hide the truth from each other . 
 she responded to him the way a mate did , yet he felt her wolf tense around him . 
 for a woman and her wolf to be unsure , he knew whatever happened had scarred both of them . 
 it was up to him to draw her out . 
 opening the final door at the end of the corridor , daniel released her hand , turned the light on , and locked the door . 
 he turned to face her to assess her reactions . 
 this was his private room . 
 the only time he used this room was for the woman he intended to keep . 
 only a couple of women had even come close to getting inside here until this woman requested permission to join the club . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she stayed away from the bed , keeping it to her back as she rounded to look at him . 
 `` this is my personal , private room . 
 from now on , you come to this club , we 'll be here . '' 
 he folded his arms , waiting for her . 
 `` no , we need to be in view of others . '' 
 `` in front of others you hold yourself back . 
 outside you 're not yourself , and you 're always afraid of someone noticing you . 
 i 've seen the way you are . 
 you want to watch what happens within the club to make sure the men and women are treating their submissives right , but when it comes to you , you want the freedom of being away from it all . '' 
 `` no , you 're wrong . '' 
 `` then remove your clothes and we 'll go out and do a scene right now . 
 i 'll punish you for your lack of acknowledgement of authority , and then i 'll bring you off for all to see the beauty of your orgasm . '' 
 she withdrew from him . 
 her body tightened , and she started to look around the room . 
 for a chance to escape ? 
 the wolf inside her started to bang against her inner cage . 
 the protective instinct inside him rose to full force . 
 her reactions were setting the dom and the protector off all at once . 
 `` on your knees and present to me . '' 
 he deepened his voice , and dawn went to her knees , spreading her legs wide as she bowed her head , presenting her body in the submissive pose he loved so much . 
 `` your wolf can rest . 
 i would n't let you out there for others to see this gorgeous body . '' 
 he reached out to finger a strand of her hair . 
 she had beautiful hair , long and dark brown . 
 he watched the strands as he stroked them through his fingers . 
 `` things are going to change between us , dawn . '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 tears glistened in her eyes as she stared back at him , and her lips trembled . 
 `` for the last year i 've watched you dance around me like you were in control . 
 i 'm the dom , your master , and i 'm also your mate . '' 
 he pressed a finger to her lips as she went to dispute him . 
 `` no more arguing . 
 you 've kept me at bay , and i 've followed your rules . 
 shit happened to you , i get it , but you 're not going to deal with it anymore . 
 you 're going to let me inside here . '' 
 he pressed the finger from her mouth to her head . 
 `` i 'm not backing down or going away . 
 we 're in this together . '' 
 he waited for several minutes to pass . 
 `` you may speak . '' 
 `` this is not what we agreed . 
 when i saw you , you promised i could take my time getting used to you and that i could end this when i want . '' 
 `` i agreed to those terms before i realized how damaged you 'd become from this lifestyle . 
 you 've got problems , dawn . 
 i can help you through them , but you 've got to trust me . '' 
 `` how can i trust you when you 're doing this ? '' 
 she waved her hand between them . 
 did she have any idea how beautiful she looked on her knees before him ? 
 he doubted it . 
 dawn did n't have the first clue of the power she held over him . 
 `` i did n't go to your father when i realized you were n't going to accept our mating . '' 
 any father , especially an alpha , would have loved for their daughter to mate with a fellow alpha . 
 daniel had had every intention of going to her father . 
 she 'd begged him not to then threatened to deny his claim . 
 if she denied his claim the risk of going feral increased . 
 he backed off and decided to prove to her that she could trust him . 
 `` i gave you an ultimatum . 
 that 's not trust . '' 
 he cupped her face , running his finger along her lip . 
 she did n't tense up or jerk away , which was an improvement . 
 when they were first together she fought him at every turn and pulled away from any kind of intimacy . 
 `` i 've given you more in the last year than you 've ever gotten elsewhere . 
 i see the look in your eyes , dawn . 
 you do n't allow me to bring you to orgasm , yet the pleasure is there in your eyes , the way you let me hold you . 
 there 's much you can accuse me of , but caring and seeing to your needs is not one of them . '' 
 he withdrew his hand . 
 `` you 've been through a lot of crap . 
 i want to know what it is . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not telling you anything . '' 
 `` you feel your wolf right now ? 
 how she 's pacing along the walls of your mind , curious yet holding herself back ? '' 
 `` how did you - '' `` she wants to trust me , to trust this instinct inside her . 
 you 've put yourself in danger , and we 're not going anywhere else until you tell me what . '' 
 he stared at her knowing he needed to win this battle . 
 `` tonight , you 're coming home with me . 
 we 're going to get to the bottom of your problems . 
 no one lies at my house . 
 we 'll be totally alone , and we can explore your issues . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not going anywhere with you . '' 
 `` it 's simple , dawn , you 'll come with me back home or i 'll be escorting you home , telling your father , and withdrawing your membership here . 
 no one will touch you , and your father will either cast you out or demand something of you . '' 
 `` you ca n't do this . 
 i 'll reject you . 
 i 'll stop this . '' 
 `` the whole of your club will know your secret . 
 you keep it a secret here with me and it will die with me , but you 'll come home with me . 
 i 've kept this secret for a year . 
 i 've put up with your shit , and it ends now . '' 
 this was a radical move on his part . 
 she could walk out that door and be safe for the rest of her life . 
 daniel knew there was something else wrong inside her . 
 dawn was terrified of her own instincts , which told him she 'd put herself at risk in more ways than one . 
 `` this is n't fair . '' 
 `` life 's not fair . 
 i will never harm you , dawn . 
 i 'm your mate . 
 i 'll take care of you , and i promise you everything that happens will be what you want . '' 
 she looked at a point past his shoulder . 
 her lips opened then closed . 
 he imagined her mind working on overdrive to get out of his suggestion . 
 `` i do n't want you telling my father anything . 
 he does n't need to know where i spend my time . '' 
 `` fine , '' he said , hurt that she was embarrassed by the way she spent her time . 
 her nails sank into the flesh of her thighs , he imagined causing a bite of pain . 
 he did n't like what she was doing . 
 going to his knees he took hold of her hands to stop her from causing herself more pain . 
 she gasped at his touch , and he did n't look away from her eyes . 
 `` what 's it going to be , dawn ? 
 this ca n't go on . '' 
 `` we 're mated ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she broke their gaze by looking at his hand holding her . 
 `` what do you need me to do ? '' 
 `` i need you to trust me . '' 
 `` i 'm not normal . '' 
 `` i 've never said i wanted normal , pet . 
 we 're going to get through this . '' 
 he squeezed her hand in an attempt to reassure her . 
 she let out a breath . 
 `` okay , i 'll come with you . '' 
 daniel wished there was more enthusiasm in her voice , but he 'd take what she gave him right now . 
 mating was different for everyone . 
 there were couples who were able to fight the impulse to mate , but that was usually down to the fact one of them were already in a relationship with someone else . 
 in their case , his and dawn 's , she 'd been hurt in the past , and she did n't trust the natural instinct to mate . 
 when they did finally mate , there would be no way to deny each other . 
 once dawn accepted him and he f ** ked and bit her , she 'd be his , and their connection would be complete . 
 he would understand everything that went on inside her head . 
 if it was n't for jake , he would n't have known dawn was the daughter of an alpha . 
 his friend found out everything . 
 it was one of the reasons it made him a good guard to have . 
 nothing ever got past him . 
 **** what are you doing ? 
 dawn stared at his hand where he held her palm inside his . 
 her dark flesh stood out in contrast to his pale skin , but their different skin colors did n't bother her . 
 no , what struck her was the way he held her . 
 he was strong , powerful , and yet he held her as if she was delicate . 
 she was anything but delicate . 
 he did n't hurt her , simply held her steady . 
 what was he trying to do ? 
 `` look at me , dawn . '' 
 she lifted her gaze to his , confused by what was happening inside her . 
 on the one hand she wanted to continue sinking her fingers into her flesh to try to cause pain , and yet , she wanted what daniel gave her . 
 would he even understand what was happening to her ? 
 `` you 've been disobedient to me today . 
 before we go to my house you 're going to get punished and then you 're going to call your father . '' 
 when she went to speak , he pressed a finger to her lips to stop her . 
 `` no , you do n't get to speak right now . 
 i wo n't be leaving you alone . 
 you 're going to take the call while i 'm here to listen to what you 've got to say . 
 i 'll not have an angry father thinking i 've stolen his daughter . '' 
 she had n't even thought of starting a conflict between daniel and her father . 
 dawn was many things , but a starter of fights was n't one of them . 
 the thought of having one or two men fighting over her turned her stomach . 
 `` i would n't do that , '' she said . 
 dawn would accept any punishment daniel felt he needed to dish out . 
 she 'd been pushing him for the last year , and he had a right to punish her . 
 you like his punishments . 
 she did n't care what he used-hand , cane , whip , or paddle , she loved it all . 
 daniel was inventive with the restrictions she 'd given him . 
 `` you would n't ? 
 some women would do anything to create a war between two territories . '' 
 `` i 'm not interested in starting anything , master . '' 
 she bowed her head , showing her submissive side . 
 side ? 
 you 've not got a side . 
 this is who you are . 
 the wolf inside her growled at the words she thought . 
 her wolf did n't like to be insulted even though dawn had a tendency to do so . 
 `` good . 
 i believe you , dawn . 
 now , do you believe me when i say you can trust me ? 
 i 'll never hurt you , and i 'll take care of you during your time with me . '' 
 what should she say ? 
 the truth ? 
 lies ? 
 half-truths ? 
 she settled on the truth . 
 lies rarely got her what she wanted . 
 `` i trust that you wo n't hurt me , but i do n't believe we 're mates . 
 i-i-i ca n't trust myself to make that decision right now . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking you to make any decision , dawn . 
 well spend some time together , and in time you 'll see that i 'm telling the truth . '' 
 she bit her lip and nodded . 
 `` yes , i trust you . '' 
 out of all of the men she knew , daniel was always in control . 
 he never lost his temper or used his anger against his pack . 
 she was n't stupid , and she 'd heard his pack talk about him . 
 none of them said anything bad . 
 if anything , they talked about how amazing he was as an alpha , one of the best they 'd ever known . 
 `` i want you to get on the bed on your stomach and spread your arms and legs out . '' 
 she hesitated for a second and then decided to do as he said . 
 daniel did n't push her boundaries , and he had n't seen her na ** d in the year he 'd been her master . 
 you 've not given him a chance to be a true master to you . 
 you fight him at every turn . 
 her wolf raised her head in agreement . 
 she was the one in control of her body , not her wolf . 
 climbing onto the bed she did as he instructed . 
 seconds later she felt the silk bonds wrap around her wrists followed by her ankles . 
 daniel took his time to secure her wrists . 
 her legs were spread as much as the skirt allowed . 
 she licked her lips , wishing she could give him that other part of herself . 
 `` you 're utterly beautiful , dawn . '' 
 he touched her ankle and withdrew his hand when his touch became too much for her . 
 she did n't know how he knew when to release her . 
 `` thank you , sir , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't give you permission to speak . '' 
 he slapped her ass causing her to yelp . 
 she 'd learned to make the right noises even if she did n't feel any pain . 
 `` you 'll only speak when spoken to . '' 
 she kept her lips shut . 
 her pu ** y was burning , the lips of her sex drenched from the shock of his spank . 
 his palm was large , covering as much of her ass as he could . 
 what would it be like to give in and let him touch her ? 
 the very thought shook her a little . 
 she 'd never been curious about a more intimate touch in her life . 
 the tips of his fingers skimmed up her calf , leaving her again as he moved around the room . 
 she 'd never been on a bed in his company before . 
 it 's okay . 
 he wo n't take it too far . 
 `` you 're scared of intimacy , dawn . 
 i want to know why , but tonight you 're going to remain quiet while i talk . 
 do i need to use anything to keep you quiet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head in response . 
 `` good . 
 i trust you to follow my instructions , as otherwise you 'll be in trouble . '' 
 dawn listened as he moved away from the bed , giving her more space . 
 she turned her head , and out of the corner of her eye she watched him enter a closet . 
 he turned on a light , but she could n't make anything out . 
 was that where he kept his toys ? 
 `` you like to test me , dawn . 
 your very presence teases me , and i know you enjoy it . '' 
 he hummed , taking toys out of his closet . 
 she heard the light turn off and the door close . 
 `` while you 're with me , i 'm going to strip down all of those walls you 've kept between us . 
 we 're mates . 
 i know you do n't believe me , but we are . 
 my wolf wants to mate you , claim you . 
 i 'm keeping him at bay until we 've sorted through this problem . 
 for your stay we 're going to set down some ground rules . '' 
 he placed something on the bed . 
 the bonds stopped her from moving to look . 
 gritting her teeth , she scrunched her eyes closed to stop herself from asking him what it was . 
 `` some of my rules you 're not going to like , but you 're going to do it because i will follow through with my threat , dawn . 
 right , you can speak when i ask you a question , understood ? '' 
 `` yes , master . '' 
 `` good . 
 now , you may count as well . '' 
 whack ! 
 his palm landed on her ass . 
 `` one , '' she said , loving the feel of his hand on her ass even if she could n't feel the bite of pain his touch should have created . 
 whack ! 
 `` two . '' 
 she expected his hand to land on her rump again . 
 it never did . 
 he 'd stopped touching her . 
 opening her eyes , she gasped to see him staring at her . 
 `` am i hurting you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you like pain ? '' 
 dawn opened her mouth to dispute him then stopped . 
 do n't lie to him . 
 he always knows when i lie . 
 `` yes . '' 
 was it really a lie ? 
 he could probably maim her and she would n't feel it . 
 `` how much pain ? '' 
 she licked her lips , wondering what to say to him . 
 there was a point inside her when she started to hate what was happening , and it left her feeling sick . 
 the men she was with never gave her what she needed , and she never found what she was looking for . 
 `` dawn ! '' 
 he spoke her name in a warning . 
 `` i like a lot of pain . '' 
 she let out a breath as the semblance of a truth spilled from her lips . 
 after all , she went hunting for pain but never found it . 
 `` are you speaking the truth ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you know how much pain you like ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i asked you a direct question . '' 
 `` some of the pain has drawn blood . '' 
 she felt her cheeks heating . 
 would he be able to see her embarrassment ? 
 `` i can smell your embarrassment , pet . 
 why are you embarrassed ? '' 
 `` it 's wrong to draw blood . 
 something 's wrong with me . 
 none of the people in my father 's pack need what i need . 
 i 'm not normal . '' 
 none of them are searching for pain in the hope of finally feeling it . 
 no one knew what she 'd done by killing that man . 
 did she do the right thing in taking his life ? 
 she did n't know . 
 he had hurt other people , but did he deserve to die at her hand , or claw ? 
 there were no easy answers for her . 
 what would daniel think of her when he found out the truth ? 
 would he be repulsed and wish he 'd never given her a chance ? 
 she was a defective mate . 
 he pushed some of her hair out of the way , leaning in close . 
 `` did i ever say i was looking for someone normal ? 
 you 're perfect the way you are . '' 
 daniel moved away from her . 
 `` you 're going to be getting na ** d when you 're with me , and i do n't expect to hear any complaints from you . 
 we 'll both be naked , and we 're going to explore this between us . '' 
 she did n't want him to see her naked . 
 dawn cried out as he slapped her ass with a cane . 
 if only she could feel the pain . 
 `` three . '' 
 she screamed the word . 
 he struck hard with the cane , or at least , she imagined it was hard . 
 no pain blossomed on her bottom , but her cl * t swelled because of his presence . 
 daniel never failed to arouse her . 
 chapter three daniel struck her twice more with the cane surprised that she kept up with the counting . 
 she was such a good sub . 
 he would n't trade her in for anyone . 
 she likes pain to the point of bleeding . 
 in some transitions from human to wolf , the line between pleasure and pain got switched . 
 he heard of some men and women who could take so much pain they could be on the verge of death and it would n't affect them emotionally . 
 the workings of a wolf body surprised him . 
 dawn was n't strange or different from many of them . 
 she was afraid , untutored , and alone . 
 her wolf was torn in two between wanting him and being afraid . 
 he was n't an idiot . 
 dawn had done something to cause this problem . 
 putting the cane down on the floor , he stared at her body hating the sight of the clothes . 
 he 'd give anything to have her spread out and naked , her dark flesh revealed for him to touch , caress , or punish . 
 wait , have patience . 
 she 'll be ours . 
 his wolf passed along the walls of his mind . 
 they wanted to claim the female in front of him . 
 he picked up the paddle . 
 this one had holes inside , and he brought it down on her ass . 
 he made sure to strike hard enough for pain but not enough to bruise . 
 it was almost impossible to use a paddle without bruising , but he did n't give her everything . 
 she cried out , screaming the numbers he wanted to hear . 
 the scent of her arousal filled the room , and his wolf howled inside his mind . 
 they wanted to slide between her thighs and lick her creamy cunt . 
 she 'd be dripping wet by the time he got his mouth around her clit , swallowing down her juice . 
 the smell of her pu ** y alone was driving him crazy . 
 his c ** k thickened , imagining what it would feel like to her wrapped around his length . 
 do n't push . 
 once he was done with the paddle , he decided not to use the whip . 
 sitting on the edge of the bed , he touched her back . 
 the shirt she wore was soaked in sweat . 
 `` when you see me enter a room , i want you to present to me . 
 this will be the case inside my house . 
 if we ever have company , you do not need to present to me . 
 the only exception to this rule is when we 're outside . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , i understand , '' she said . 
 daniel pushed some of her hair that had fallen over her face out of the way . 
 her beautiful brown eyes stared back at him . 
 she did n't smile , but then , dawn rarely smiled . 
 before their time was over , he wanted to get that smile on her face . 
 `` we 're going to talk about your past and your future . 
 my house is open and surrounded by land for us to run freely . 
 if you think to run from me then i 'll tell your father the truth . '' 
 `` this is blackmail , '' she said . 
 he slapped her ass . 
 `` i had n't finished speaking . '' 
 daniel glared at her before continuing with what he was talking about . 
 `` as i was saying , if you run from me then i 'll tell your father . 
 you do anything to ruin this and i 'll make sure to ruin you as well . 
 it 's blackmail , but try living for a year with knowing your mate is being a stubborn woman . '' 
 her gaze left him , and he gripped her chin to force her to look at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 `` good . '' 
 daniel got to his feet and removed the silk tying her to the bed . 
 he 'd love to keep her bound , but it was n't what he had to do . 
 once she was released and sitting up , he noticed she did n't rub at her wrists or ankles like other women did . 
 `` call your father . '' 
 he pointed to the phone at the side of the bed . 
 `` if i use that phone he 'll know where the call is coming from . 
 i may as well tell him where i am . '' 
 `` it 's a personal and private line , dawn . 
 untraceable . 
 he can try to find you , but unless you give a location , he wo n't . '' 
 he folded his arms over his chest and watched her type in her father 's number . 
 `` hey , dad , it 's me , dawn . '' 
 `` what 's the matter , honey ? 
 do you need a ride or something ? '' 
 her father asked . 
 daniel was able to listen to the conversation . 
 wolves had brilliant hearing . 
 `` no , no . 
 i just wanted to let you know i would n't be back home for a couple of days . 
 i 'm going to stay with a couple of girlfriends and have some fun . '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 daniel waited . 
 `` honey , are you sure you 're okay ? 
 you do n't sound fine . '' 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 i 'm fine . 
 nothing is wrong with me . 
 i 'm calling so you do n't worry and send out a search party . '' 
 she forced a laugh . 
 daniel watched her knowing in his heart he needed to fix what had gone wrong during her transition . 
 `` okay , honey . 
 i 'll see you when you get back . 
 keep in touch . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 they said their goodbyes , and she put the phone back in the cradle . 
 `` do you feel pain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he did n't know why , but his gut was telling him something was n't right . 
 every other sub would be wincing at the spanking he 'd given her , yet dawn did n't respond or show any sign of being aware of it . 
 she looked up at him . 
 `` yes , i feel pain . 
 my dad does n't have a true mate of his own . 
 he settled down for the strongest female in the pack . 
 she 's my mother . '' 
 `` you 've never mentioned your mother . '' 
 `` she 's not the kind of person i like to talk about . '' 
 she dropped her gaze again , and he sensed the hate inside her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she blew out a breath before running her fingers through her hair . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just do n't . '' 
 `` you do n't mention her , and you did n't ask about her . 
 why ? '' 
 `` my mom , she 's not the greatest example of a mother . '' 
 daniel waited for her to continue . 
 `` you 're not going to say anymore ? '' 
 he asked when she showed no signs of saying anything more . 
 `` no . 
 my mom is not a topic we need to discuss . '' 
 the fact she did n't want to discuss her mother meant it was a more important topic to talk about . 
 daniel stayed silent , filing the information away 'til later . 
 `` okay , right , grab your bag . 
 we 're going to head to my place , '' he said . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he took her hand in his , and he walked toward the bar . 
 she did n't fight him as he placed her on the stool . 
 `` stay here . 
 i 'll be back to collect you shortly . '' 
 leaving her alone , he went into the far security office where he found jake staring at the screens . 
 `` i need you to spread the word that until further notice my house is off limits to the pack . 
 tell them if they need me they 're to call me and i 'll deal with whatever problems they have . '' 
 `` why ca n't we come to the house ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 `` i 'm taking dawn with me . '' 
 `` you 've finally got her to admit you 're mates ? '' 
 daniel shook his head . 
 `` will you do this for me ? '' 
 `` consider it done . 
 i 'll put the word out immediately . '' 
 jake took out his cell phone and started to type . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 he stopped to look at his friend . 
 `` she 's my other half , jake . 
 i 'm sure , and i 'm going to fix whatever has been broken inside her . '' 
 he looked at the security cameras . 
 `` please keep this place in order . '' 
 he nodded at the men then left the room . 
 walking back to the bar he watched dawn sipping from a straw . 
 she always ordered a soda , a clear cream soda . 
 her eyes were closed as she enjoyed the taste of her drink . 
 running a hand down his face , he wondered if he was doing the right thing in taking her back home with him . 
 ours . 
 dawn was his mate , the other half of him , and he 'd be damned if he let her get away . 
 he touched her shoulder as he approached . 
 she jerked at his touch yet did n't pull away . 
 `` finish your drink and then we 're going . '' 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 her brown eyes were wide as she stared at him . 
 `` yes , '' he said , taking a seat . 
 `` why now ? 
 why wait a year to put me in this position ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 've finally had enough of our games . 
 you 're holding back from me , and that i do n't like . 
 i 've played it your way and gotten f ** k all out of it . 
 it 's time to play it my way , and i 'm going to do that now . '' 
 she finished her drink leaving a tiny amount of soda in the bottom . 
 `` why have n't you finished your drink ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i have . '' 
 daniel pointed at the remnants she left in the glass . 
 `` if i drink that it 'll make a noise with the straw , and if i pull out the straw , it 'll make a mess on the side . '' 
 he stood taking her hand . 
 there was more to that explanation . 
 his gut was telling him he would n't like what she had to say . 
 **** daniel 's house was old and huge . 
 he stopped outside a large iron gate and typed in a code that opened those imposing gates . 
 she looked behind her to see the gates close up after him . 
 they shut closed , trapping her inside the grounds with daniel . 
 there were worse people to be locked up with . 
 mother 's one of them . 
 she shut off her thoughts and turned to face the front . 
 he drove down a really long driveway that was surrounded by large , thick trees . 
 `` the house has been in the family for generations . '' 
 `` were you all wolves ? '' 
 she asked , glancing toward him . 
 `` yes . 
 some of my ancestors married humans and moved away and others stayed close . '' 
 `` where are your parents now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they 're enjoying a much needed vacation . 
 they 're exploring europe , visiting with some packs they 've not had the pleasure of seeing in years . '' 
 he tapped the steering wheel as he talked . 
 `` how did you take over as alpha ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` my dad told me it was time to take the spot . 
 he was getting old , and he said a true alpha knows when to step aside and bring in a new one . 
 i was the next in line , and so i stepped up to the role . '' 
 `` what about the other men in your pack ? 
 were n't they annoyed to be passed over by you ? '' 
 `` some of the men challenged me in battle . 
 i won , but i always refused to do battle to the death . 
 i do n't want anyone 's blood on my hands . '' 
 she tensed at his words . 
 i 've got blood on my hands . 
 staring out of the window she gasped as his house came into sight . 
 it was so huge she doubted she 'd have to see him for days at a time . 
 they could play hide and seek and still miss each other . 
 `` this is your house ? '' 
 she asked , amazed . 
 `` yeah . 
 the pack can come and go as they please . 
 do n't worry , they know not to come here until further notice . '' 
 she climbed out of the car once he brought it to a stop . 
 `` you 're amazed ? 
 did you think i lived somewhere small ? '' 
 he asked , coming to stand beside her . 
 `` i was thinking a cabin somewhere out in the sticks . 
 i did n't even imagine this . '' 
 `` does it make my mating claim more appealing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she turned to look at him . 
 `` i 'm not a gold digger , and neither do i hope to make a claim on anything . '' 
 `` i did n't say you did . 
 sometimes , female wolves like to see that they can be taken care of . 
 does your wolf like what she sees ? '' 
 he stood right behind her with his palm lightly resting on her back . 
 dawn paused as she listened to her wolf . 
 `` no , we do n't think you 're a better catch or anything . 
 we 're worried what you owning this big house means . '' 
 `` why would it mean anything ? '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised how dangerous large houses and big men are . '' 
 she stared up at the house feeling ... happy , safe ? 
 dawn did n't know which emotion to trust or to savor . 
 daniel would n't hurt her . 
 he 'd been her dom for a year and he never left her scared , nervous but never scared . 
 `` i 'm going to know all of those secrets you 're hiding , '' he said . 
 `` they 're not secrets . '' 
 they 're just memories of a time i 'd like to forget . 
 he leaned in close . 
 she felt his breath across her cheek . 
 her body tightened with the heat of him . 
 inside her wolf started to growl , wanting to get a little closer to his body . 
 what would it be like to strip na ** d and turn ? 
 to run with him in the wild of the forest without anyone to hear her thoughts ? 
 she 'd stopped running in the forests back at home as the connection of the pack allowed them to access her thoughts if she was close enough . 
 they would all be repulsed by her if they knew the truth . 
 she did n't hold any doubt that they 'd cast her out as if she did n't exist in her parents ' world . 
 `` there are always secrets in this world , pet . '' 
 he dropped a kiss to her cheek , and for the first time she was charmed by his touch . 
 no one ever took the time to touch her , hold her , reassure her . 
 all thoughts of her mother were cut off . 
 `` i do n't have any changes of clothes , '' she said , turning to look at him . 
 `` you do n't need any clothes . 
 we 're alone , and that 's the way it 's going to stay . '' 
 he took her hand leading her up the multiple steps to get to the main door . 
 she watched him pull out a set of keys and start to unlock the large door . 
 `` do n't you have any other alphas trying to take over your territory ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 i treat all packs with the respect they deserve , and i demand they treat me as such . '' 
 her father did n't allow any other pack to walk through his territory . 
 if another wolf from another pack walked on his land , he 'd give the wolf a beating . 
 she had grown tired of watching men and women beg . 
 for a woman , her mother delivered the beating as her father did n't believe in hurting a woman . 
 her mother never had a problem with causing pain . 
 `` they come to me for permission to enter my lands , and i grant it to them . 
 i do n't cause fights that are unnecessary . 
 my pack likes to live in the open without fear of being approached by others . 
 i make sure they 're all taken care of . '' 
 daniel switched on a light as she entered his home . 
 the door closed , and the sound echoed throughout the old house as if it was a sign of approaching doom . 
 we 're trapped ! 
 there was no getting out of this house until daniel was satisfied . 
 would it be so hard to agree to his claim of being her mate ? 
 she truly did n't know what to think about his claim . 
 dawn was torn in two between wanting his claim more than her next breath and then scared of accepting his claim . 
 once he knew the truth , would he really want her ? 
 no man truly wanted a murderer for a mate . 
 she cut the thoughts off , staring at daniel as he turned back to her . 
 he slid the bolts into place locking them inside the dominating house . 
 `` for tonight , we 're not going to do anything . 
 we 're going to enjoy some good food and drink , and then we 'll go to bed . '' 
 `` where will i sleep ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` where i tell you to . '' 
 he walked down the long entrance hall , taking a left . 
 she hurried her steps to keep up with him . 
 considering the age of the house , the scents were sweet , charming . 
 whoever lived here they were happy . 
 the house smelled of happiness , of peace . 
 it was such a strange scent to have around the house . 
 she rushed toward him , following him through three more rooms before they made it to the kitchen . 
 `` the house has multiple rooms for the pack . 
 they do visit , and when they do i like for them to make themselves at home . 
 unfortunately with wolves , they fight . 
 i 've got four television rooms so there 's no fight over the remote or what they watch . '' 
 she chuckled , imagining an argument turning heated in the sight of a remote . 
 ravaging wolves , attacking each other just because they did n't want to watch a television program . 
 `` you can laugh all you want . 
 it 's happened . '' 
 he entered a large kitchen . 
 she stopped to admire the room , which was set in an old country style fit with a porcelain sink . 
 the island in the center was large , yet it would fit many people sitting around helping . 
 `` again , the kitchen is large enough for the whole pack . '' 
 `` how do you keep this place cleaned ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 've got a wolf who 's a little obsessive when it comes to cleaning . 
 she makes sure everything is clean when she comes to visit . 
 also , i make the pack clean up after themselves . 
 i wo n't have shit lying around because they 're too f ** king lazy to do their shit . '' 
 he moved toward the fully stocked fridge . 
 she smelled the freshness in the vegetables and the meat inside . 
 had he planned for her to be spending time with him ? 
 no , he 's got a pack who also needs to eat . 
 `` do you cook ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yeah , i cook , and i occasionally clean . 
 i also do the washing . '' 
 he turned to offer her a smile . 
 `` are we in a scene right now ? '' 
 she asked , unsure about the proper protocol she needed to give him . 
 `` would you feel safer being in a scene ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then we 're not in a scene . 
 we 're just two people , daniel and dawn for tonight . '' 
 relief swamped her . 
 she could handle simply being a woman sharing a meal with daniel . 
 mate . 
 he bent over to grab something out of the fridge , and she checked out his ass . 
 it was tight and firm . 
 `` you 're checking out my ass , '' he said , smiling as he turned to face her . 
 `` am not . '' 
 `` do n't worry , dawn , i wo n't put you over my knee . '' 
 she saw he was teasing her and could n't help but smile . 
 `` i like the thought of going over your knee . '' 
 he laughed , throwing his head back . 
 yes , she could handle being alone with him for a few days . 
 chapter four daniel started to cut the chicken , and with each inhale he smelled dawn sitting at the island . 
 she smelled like sweet citrus , addictive and something he wanted to smell over and over again . 
 he washed his hands before walking toward the pantry . 
 daniel grabbed the spices and noodles he needed to finish off dinner . 
 `` do you want a drink ? '' 
 he asked , spreading his ingredients out over the side . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he passed her over a soda from the fridge . 
 she took the can from his hands . 
 their fingers touched , and he did n't want to let her go . 
 drawing his attention away from her , he started to cook . 
 `` would you like some help ? 
 i love to cook , '' she said , standing beside him . 
 `` you love to cook ? '' 
 `` yes , and bake but my h * ps protest a little to that . '' 
 she rested a hand on her hip . 
 staring down the length of her body , daniel could n't find a single reason to complain about the woman in front of him . 
 she was sex on legs , and he would n't change her for the world . 
 `` you 're perfect , and do n't let anyone else tell you otherwise . '' 
 he reached out to touch her cheek . 
 cupping her jaw , he ran a thumb over her plump lips . 
 `` you 're beautiful , and i do n't give a f ** k what others think . 
 you 're perfect . '' 
 he leaned in close , brushing his lips against hers . 
 she gasped but did n't move away . 
 he looked into her wide gaze as he teased her lips with his tongue . 
 neither of them said a word as he slowly slid inside her mouth , meeting her tongue with his . 
 wrapping his other hand around her waist , he pulled her close to his body , moaning at the feel of her curves next to his . 
 she was perfection in his arms . 
 he never wanted to let her go . 
 she met his tongue with her own . 
 the danced together , deepening the kiss , daniel smelled the mating heat coming out of him . 
 he wanted inside her with her pu ** y blooming beneath him . 
 he withdrew from her before the mating need took over and he would n't be able to control his actions . 
 `` why did you stop ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her hands were on his shoulders , gripping him . 
 `` if we do n't stop i wo n't be able to stop what happens next . 
 i need to claim you , dawn . 
 you 're my mate even if you do n't like the truth or believe it . 
 there 's only so much i can take before i do something i 'll regret . '' 
 she released his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be sorry . 
 i want to prove to you that we 're mated . 
 i 'm not going to do anything to destroy that trust . '' 
 his c ** k protested against the front of his jeans . 
 fuck , he craved her . 
 all he wanted to do was bend her over the kitchen island and f ** k her raw . 
 she was aroused by him , which gave him some pleasure . 
 `` start marinating the meat . '' 
 dawn grabbed the strips of chicken and added them to a bowl while he started to add the spices to the mix . 
 they laughed as he got most of the spices on her hands rather than the meat . 
 he listened to her laugh , loving the change within her . 
 in kinkster 's she was always a little withdrawn . 
 inside his home , she was starting to open up and flourish . 
 if he gave her enough time would she agree to his claiming ? 
 there was only so much his wolf could take . 
 `` right , chef , i 'm rubbing the chicken . 
 what do you need to do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her eyes glinted with humor . 
 charmed , he pressed a kiss to her nose then turned back to the stove . 
 he put a pot onto boil adding noodles for their chicken . 
 they started to boil , and he gave them a stir . 
 dawn washed her hands , coming to stand beside him while he heated oil . 
 together , they worked as a team to make food . 
 she added food while he tossed it around with a spoon . 
 neither of them spoke , but his gaze caught the sight of her hard , erect ni ** les . 
 again , his c ** k started to pound at the sight . 
 the vision of her na ** d on his bed would n't leave his mind . 
 trust , this is about building trust . 
 for the next ten minutes they cooked dinner , and the scents of the spicy chicken filled the air . 
 his stomach rumbled with the need to feed . 
 sitting next to each other they ate in comfortable silence . 
 `` this is amazing , '' she said , twirling some noodles onto her fork . 
 `` you know how to cook . '' 
 `` you would n't have thought that from my first attempt at spicy chicken noodles . 
 i vomited for three days afterwards . '' 
 she chuckled , covering her mouth as she did . 
 `` you 're joking . 
 i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` i did n't cook the chicken properly . 
 i tell you , it was the worst couple of days for me . '' 
 `` okay , i can believe that . '' 
 they cleaned away their mess , and he put the spices away . 
 when they were done , he led her out of the kitchen and moved toward the stairs . 
 `` i 'll give you the grand tour tomorrow . 
 for now i think it 'll be good if you get a good night 's sleep . '' 
 he took hold of her hand , gritting his teeth as his wolf started to pace within his mind . 
 his wolf knew what he wanted , and that was dawn . 
 she followed him upstairs , and he decided to stay on the first floor rather than go up to the main bedroom on the fifth floor . 
 the attic space was large , and he kept a lot of his ancestors ' belongings up there . 
 he opened the door at the end of the long corridor that was next to his . 
 `` this is where you 'll be staying . '' 
 he turned the light on revealing the large four poster bed with white lace hanging from each post . 
 `` here is the wardrobe . '' 
 he opened the walk-in space , showing the light switch to turn it on . 
 there were a couple of sets of shirts and jeans . 
 he had a tendency to buy clothes for his pack when needed . 
 daniel showed her the bathroom then opened the double doors onto the small veranda overlooking the garden . 
 `` in the morning you can watch the sunrise , and it 's a truly beautiful sight . '' 
 he closed the doors , locking them and pulling the drapes over the windows . 
 `` this is where i 'll be sleeping . '' 
 he opened the connecting door and turned the lights on . 
 `` how come you do n't have any of those clapping light things ? 
 my dad installed them in our house , '' dawn said . 
 `` it makes it much easier as you just clap your hands . '' 
 she showed him by clapping her hands . 
 `` i did get them installed , but my pack are , erm , very active with sex . 
 the lights kept turning on with their smacking bodies as they f ** ked . 
 they asked for me to switch back to this . '' 
 he flicked the switch letting the lights go off then on . 
 she laughed . 
 `` i can see why you changed . '' 
 `` if you need me in the night do n't hesitate to come to me . 
 i 'll be happy to see you . '' 
 he closed the distance between them . 
 dawn tilted her head back , and he gazed down into the beauty of her brown eyes . 
 `` tomorrow we 'll talk about you and discover what your pain level is . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . '' 
 `` we 'll start with a run . 
 the moon is a couple of weeks away , but going for a run can be just as fun . '' 
 he dropped a kiss to her lips . 
 `` good night , dawn . '' 
 she took a step back , closing the door behind her . 
 our mate is in the next room . 
 claim her , f ** k her , take her . 
 he ignored the wolf inside him , taking a deep breath to calm his body . 
 he was n't going to be going anywhere to put his woman in danger . 
 leaving the scent of her lurking behind the door , he walked into his bathroom , closing the door . 
 he grabbed a match and took it to the lavender candle he kept on hand for whenever he needed to bring focus to his thoughts and senses . 
 the lavender helped to calm the wolf within him . 
 the beast inside him calmed , finally listening to reason as he took deep breaths . 
 she needs to trust us . 
 he did n't want a mate who was with him out of an obligation . 
 the mate he wanted for himself was not going to be there because she had to . 
 he wanted dawn to fall in love with him , to be with him because they were a devoted mated couple . 
 the fact she liked to be dominated eased his thoughts . 
 one of his biggest fears was to find a woman who did n't share his need for kink . 
 she was not only submissive , but she liked pain . 
 what dawn did n't know was he liked to give pain so long as it was n't the kind that emotionally or mentally affected the woman he was with . 
 take a breath , and delve into it tomorrow . 
 **** sliding under the covers , dawn stared up at the ceiling . 
 she frowned as she saw the mirror above her . 
 kinky . 
 underneath the silk covers she was n't wearing a stitch of clothing . 
 gripping the edge of the blanket , she stared at herself wondering what the hell she was doing . 
 when she was at home with the rest of the pack her room was half the size of the one she was staying in . 
 she had n't moved out of her house as the pack would n't accept that of her until she found her mate . 
 her father did n't trust her out on her own , and so she remained with him and her mother . 
 she shuddered thinking about her mother . 
 do n't think about her . 
 pushing her mother aside , she focused instead on the man in the bedroom next to hers . 
 he was n't going to let her hide from him . 
 the pack was easier to hide from back at home . 
 her father was the only one in the whole pack who demanded her presence at dinner or during a run . 
 she rarely changed into a wolf even though he asked for her to be there . 
 her father loved her ; her mother despised her . 
 and daniel ? 
 she did n't know what daniel felt about her . 
 there were times throughout the year where she thought he was going to cross the line and take what he wanted . 
 he never did , and her trust in him began to build . 
 he 's our mate . 
 was it worth arguing with him anymore ? 
 she could n't trust herself to be around him . 
 her search for pain had put her in scary situations . 
 other men she 'd been with had considered her a freak . 
 there was no way she could bear for daniel to know the truth . 
 she was defective . 
 it sucked that she wanted daniel and yet was scared because of what she had done in her past . 
 what would he think when he knew the truth ? 
 staring at her reflection she once again pushed all of the negative thoughts aside , wishing for some kind of change within her . 
 finding a mate should have awakened something inside , yet all she felt was a consuming dread . 
 with a mate , she 'd have to finally come clean about who she was . 
 daniel was a master , but he was n't the kind of master she needed . 
 he spanked . 
 he was tame compared to what she needed . 
 part of her wondered if the reason she could n't feel pain was because the men she 'd been with would n't hurt her hard enough . 
 the image of the man who 'd left her bleeding entered her mind . 
 no , it could n't be that . 
 she should have felt something . 
 you 're sick . 
 she pushed the blanket off her body and stared at her nakedness . 
 would he be repulsed by the way she looked ? 
 food had always been part of her comfort when her emotions got so bad . 
 she loved eating , cooking and eating . 
 her legs were thick with a small hint of cellulite , but she rarely wore anything but skirts and never revealed her skin to anyone . 
 she kept her pu ** y bare , and the brown lips of her sex glistened with arousal . 
 daniel 's scent was everywhere in the room driving her crazy with need . 
 with thick hips , large br ** sts , and the occasional glimmer of a stretch mark , in the mirror her body did n't look that bad . 
 she was lying down , so maybe gravity was taking over to make her look good . 
 her brown hair was spread out on the white pillow . 
 mates . 
 she did n't know if she could be this open with daniel . 
 he would n't let her hide . 
 the house is large enough . 
 we can hide . 
 pressing a hand to her face , she tried to calm down her rioting thoughts , wishing something would happen to save her . 
 the memory of his hand spanking her ass filled her mind . 
 opening her eyes , she spread her legs and tilted her h * ps to see the lips of her pu ** y open up . 
 she went to her knees and dropped the drapes to create a little more privacy for herself . 
 settling on the bed , she watched as she caressed her hand down her body . 
 she touched her ni ** les , tugging on the hard brown buds until they were erect and pushing up . 
 she glided her hand down her stomach , feeling the muscles in her stomach tighten at the contact . 
 dawn pressed a finger to her clit , touching the swollen bud as she pinched her ni ** les . 
 she squeezed her nipple between her nails hoping to feel at least some pain and getting none . 
 gasping , she moved her h * ps with her hand . 
 what would daniel do if he saw her now ? 
 she did n't know what he 'd do , and that excited her as much as anything else . 
 leaving her cl * t she pushed two fingers inside her , opening her fingers to make it a little tighter . 
 she sucked her lips in to contain the moan threatening to get out . 
 `` do you think i ca n't smell you , '' daniel said . 
 she gasped , withdrawing her hand and loosening the hold on her nipple . 
 going to her knees , she shuffled to the edge of the bed and opened the lace . 
 daniel stood in the doorway between their rooms . 
 `` i can smell and hear what you 're doing . 
 i did n't give you permission to play with yourself . '' 
 he stood completely naked . 
 his c ** k was rock hard and stood out in front of him . 
 the size of him made her mouth go dry . 
 there was no way he 'd fit inside a woman and it be comfortable . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 if you wanted to touch yourself then you should have come to me for permission to do so . '' 
 `` i did n't know we were in a scene . '' 
 daniel sighed . 
 `` we 're not in a scene , dawn . 
 you need some strict rules in your life . 
 you keep everything at arms ' - length , hiding behind your walls of frost and depression . '' 
 he folded his arms , staring at her . 
 `` this ca n't wait until morning . 
 we 're going to have this discussion now . '' 
 he stood facing her , making no move to put some clothes on . 
 `` can you please get dressed ? '' 
 it would give her time to grab a robe and not be completely na ** d in front of him . 
 `` so you can hide from me ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 he stayed where he was . 
 `` we 're going to see each other naked . 
 i do n't see why it should n't be now . '' 
 `` that 's easy for you to say . 
 you 're like a god while i 'm blubber . '' 
 he glared at her . 
 `` step off the bed now ! '' 
 his voice deepened . 
 dawn stared at him wondering if she could simply go back to bed and sleep without him ordering her around . 
 `` do n't disobey me , dawn . 
 i was willing to wait until tomorrow , and all you 've done is test me . 
 i do n't like being tested . '' 
 he stayed still even as his voice travelled throughout the room . 
 the alpha inside him raised the hairs all over her body . 
 her cl * t swelled at the command within his voice . 
 slowly , keeping the lace in front of her , she stepped off the bed . 
 `` drop the lace . 
 you 're not hiding from me . '' 
 he walked toward the door and flicked the light , illuminating the whole room . 
 there was no hiding anymore . 
 he made sure of that . 
 `` this is unfair . '' 
 `` unfair is having a mate for a whole year denying you . 
 unfair is that mate fingering herself instead of coming to her dom . 
 do n't even begin to tell me what 's unfair or not . 
 you 'll not like what i 've got to say . '' 
 he folded his arms once again . 
 his gaze was on hers , waiting . 
 `` i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` yes , you can . 
 if you do n't i promise you there 'll be a severe punishment , one you wo n't like . '' 
 what would n't she like ? 
 she 'd pushed daniel the entire year they 'd known each other . 
 he had every right to be mad and punish her . 
 how far would he go to consider her punished ? 
 the uncertainty was too much for her . 
 she gripped the lace tightly , before slowly stepping from behind the security of the lace . 
 she kept her head bowed and pressed her palms together in an attempt to control her shaking . 
 letting a man see her na ** d took a lot of effort for her . 
 she was used to pushing her skirt up and having the man suck her ni ** les through the shirt . 
 her entire sexual life was appalling . 
 the only man who 'd seen her na ** d were dead . 
 she 'd let him hurt her in the worst kind of ways . 
 `` look at me , dawn . '' 
 glancing up at him , she did n't know what she expected to find . 
 would he lose his erection ? 
 show any signs that he hated what he saw ? 
 again she was in a strange territory for her . 
 his c ** k remained rock hard . 
 he 'd not deflated or grown flaccid since seeing her naked . 
 `` what did you expect to see ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he did n't make a move to touch his cock . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` do n't play dumb . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i see in your eyes that you were expecting something from me . 
 what ? '' 
 the desire to lie struck her again . 
 do n't lie to him . 
 he 'll know . 
 `` i did n't expect you to be hard . '' 
 `` why would n't i be hard ? '' 
 she stared at the tip of his cock . 
 he was glistening , aroused . 
 `` look at me , '' she said , releasing her hands so not an inch of her was covered . 
 `` i 'm not beautiful . 
 i eat too much , and you 're perfect . 
 you should be a model or something . '' 
 his arms remained folded over his chest . 
 neither of them said a word . 
 he kept looking at her . 
 there was something in his gaze that she could n't quite put her finger on . 
 `` get on your knees , '' he said . 
 the words were spoken slowly , with menace , leaving no mistake of his anger . 
 shit , what had she done ? 
 chapter five daniel was pissed off with her lack of self-esteem . 
 did n't she know how beautiful she was ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` get on your knees . 
 do n't make me repeat myself . 
 we 're going to deal with this the only way you know how . '' 
 he watched her struggle with his demand . 
 there was no way he intended to help her . 
 the moment he scented her arousal he thought he was losing his mind . 
 when he heard her moans , he 'd gotten angry . 
 she would n't let him touch her intimately , and yet she 'd do whatever she could to satisfy herself . 
 how many times had she left him in an aroused state while she took care of her own needs ? 
 he had n't been with another woman since she entered his world . 
 `` daniel ? '' 
 `` no . 
 to you i 'm not daniel . 
 you 'll call me sir or master , i do n't care which . 
 i was going to do this slowly for you to trust me , but we 're going to start now . 
 you 're my sub . 
 in the mornings you will wake up at seven , go to the bathroom , and you 'll be waiting for me by seven thirty beside your bed . 
 i expect you on your knees , ready to serve me . '' 
 he took a step closer . 
 dawn was on her knees , her head bent in the perfect pose . 
 there was something about a submissive woman in that pose that turned him on . 
 his c ** k was aching on the point of pain . 
 the scent of her arousal filled the air . 
 his wolf wanted to do nothing more than stake his claim . 
 daniel made sure he stayed in complete control . 
 `` you 'll eat breakfast with me . 
 we 'll train together , and you 're going to become my sub . 
 for the next month i 'm going to prove to you that you 're my mate . '' 
 he gripped her chin as she started to shake her head . 
 forcing her to look at him , he stared into her eyes . 
 `` you 're my mate , dawn . 
 in time you 'll see the truth . 
 we 're going to get to the bottom of those secrets you 've kept hidden . '' 
 `` you do n't know what you 're doing . '' 
 `` baby , i 've been a dom for over ten years . 
 i 've got more experience with stubborn little subs than you do with doms . 
 you 're nothing but a baby compared to me , and i 'm going to prove it to you over and over again . '' 
 she stopped fighting him . 
 her teeth bit down onto her lip . 
 `` stop that . '' 
 he pulled her lip from between her teeth . 
 `` you think you know what true pain is , but you 've got no idea what 's really wrong with you . 
 do n't worry . 
 i can deal with you . '' 
 he reached down , grabbing her arm and drawing her up toward his body . 
 she fought him , and he continued to hold her . 
 her arousal intensified . 
 not once did she scream for him to stop or tell him no . 
 pressing her to the bed , he grabbed her hands pressing them above the bed , holding both of her hands in one of his . 
 with his free hand he glided his hand down her body . 
 `` you could have come to me and i 'd know exactly what to do to bring you off . '' 
 she laughed , the sound harsh and bitter . 
 `` you 'd be the first man . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` no other man has ever brought you to orgasm . 
 baby , you 're in for a treat . 
 giving women orgasms is a skill i learned early . '' 
 leaning down , he sucked her tight brown nipple into his mouth . 
 he did n't give her time to grow accustomed to his touch , biting down on the hard bud . 
 dawn cried out , arching up against his hold . 
 her strength was no match for his . 
 holding her hands down to the bed , he pressed a palm to her stomach keeping her in place as he tortured the bud nearest him . 
 still , she did n't beg him to stop or ask him to go easy on her . 
 she screamed her pleasure . 
 clearly , the pain brought more arousal from her . 
 the musky scent filled the air , making his mouth water and his c ** k pulse with the need to be inside her . 
 he would n't be f ** king her tonight . 
 no , he 'd take care of his woman 's needs before he even dealt with his own . 
 daniel would n't be dealing with his own arousal until he was behind closed doors . 
 flicking her nipple , he glanced up her body to see her eyes squeezed shut . 
 withdrawing from the bud he blew on it . 
 her nipple tightened , and she gasped . 
 he leaned over her body and did the exact same to the other . 
 once again she fought him , her lips remaining closed other than to gasp or scream . 
 he drew the nipple tight , biting down to the point where he was close to breaking skin . 
 wolves had a higher pain threshold , and they could withstand a lot more pain than most humans . 
 dawn was showing him something had changed within during her first transition into a wolf . 
 even wolves who liked pain would be protesting a little . 
 there was nothing coming from dawn . 
 he liked to give pain and punish his woman , but drawing blood was not what he hoped to do . 
 daniel needed to know what happened to her during her transition . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging him . 
 `` do n't beg me , pet . 
 you had a chance to beg . 
 now , you 're all mine , and you get what i give you . '' 
 he changed his attention between both of her br ** sts , biting and sucking the hard buds into his mouth . 
 he straddled her waist to get closer to her . 
 she arched up against him . 
 throughout it all , her arousal only increased , telling him more about her . 
 the wolf inside her was humming in approval . 
 she liked him and wanted the mating . 
 when they turned , he 'd be able to hear her thoughts and know some of her secrets . 
 he wondered what he 'd have to do to get her to agree to change with him . 
 moving off her body , he ran his fingers down her body to rest at her na ** d pu ** y . 
 the lips of her sex were soaking wet from her arousal . 
 sliding his finger through her wet slit , he pinched her cl * t causing more pain . 
 slowly , he moved down to press inside her cunt . 
 the walls of her pu ** y gripped his digits , begging for him to stay within her . 
 pumping his fingers in and out of her , he sucked on her ni ** les . 
 she writhed underneath him , thrusting her pelvis up to his touch . 
 he took his time to torture her , drawing out the pleasure . 
 dawn was so close to orgasm . 
 he removed his hand from her pu ** y and licked his fingers . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm tasting my mate . '' 
 he licked her cream loving the taste like he knew he would . 
 `` just like i thought , you taste perfect . '' 
 she moaned . 
 `` please , sir , touch me . '' 
 `` are you close to coming ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` we 'll see how close you are . 
 keep your hands above your head . 
 if you move them i 'll punish you . '' 
 he 'd make sure she was bound in sleep so that she could n't touch her pu ** y . 
 there were more ways to punish a little pain sub without putting her over the knee and spanking her . 
 like he said , he had more experience with stubborn little subs than she ever would with doms . 
 he released her hands and kept his gaze on her . 
 `` test me , dawn , and you 'll regret it . '' 
 `` i wo n't , sir . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 sliding to the floor , he cupped her tits , feeling the rounded tips fill his palms . 
 they were so big that he could n't hold them within his hands . 
 he pinched both ni ** les together . 
 dawn 's legs slid open revealing her creamy cunt to his gaze . 
 closing the distance between them , he sucked her cl * t into his mouth . 
 she screamed , jerking on the bed . 
 her hands did n't touch him . 
 he pinched her ni ** les a little tighter , rubbing the nubs afterward as he sucked , bit , and flicked her clit . 
 her cum was soaking his chin , and he drank it up . 
 `` put your legs over my shoulders , '' he said , waiting for her to do as he ordered . 
 her legs opened a little wider . 
 pressing his tongue into her cunt , he glided his tongue up to circle her clit . 
 he used his nails to pinch her ni ** les at the same time he bit her clit . 
 the pain along with the pleasure must have set her off as she screamed out her release , filling his mouth with her cum . 
 he moaned , drinking her down , loving the taste . 
 she rubbed her pu ** y all over his face . 
 when he was finished , he climbed up the bed smiling down at her . 
 daniel did n't wipe the juices from his chin . 
 `` get in bed and remember my rules tomorrow . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he slapped her ass as she started to shuffle into bed . 
 `` i 'll deal with myself . 
 stubborn little subs do n't get to touch my cock . '' 
 he walked toward the open connecting door . 
 before closing it , he turned back to look at dawn . 
 `` remember , dawn , i was the first man to bring you to orgasm . 
 i can do that every night without effort . 
 your pu ** y is so f ** king tasty . '' 
 closing the door behind him , he walked toward the bathroom . 
 staring at his reflection he saw the color change of his eyes . 
 his wolf was close to the surface . 
 climbing into the shower , he turned the freezing cold water on waiting for the temperature to take care of his problem . 
 the water cascaded over his body doing little to relieve the ache her body had caused . 
 wrapping his fingers around his cock , he growled . 
 the taste of her pu ** y had been exquisite . 
 she 'd be a delight to have by his side to love , to claim , to f ** k. ours . 
 not only was he going to claim dawn , he intended to own her . 
 closing his eyes , he pictured her creamy brown cunt , begging for his cock . 
 she 'd look so f ** king good taking his dick into her body . 
 he was big compared to her . 
 daniel would need to take his time to get her ready to take his cock . 
 she needed to be wet enough , slick , and he 'd need to go slow . 
 she likes pain . 
 maybe he would n't need to go too slow . 
 he could work with dawn . 
 first , he needed to strip down those walls she 'd built up around her heart and her emotions . 
 to a lot of people , dawn was cut off , emotionless , depressed . 
 he knew it was n't the case . 
 there was no way a woman with that much passion locked up inside could be filled with nothing . 
 he was going to bring her out , learn every part of her , and then show her how she could be herself around him . 
 there was no shame in submitting to her mate or to embrace a life of a submissive . 
 working from the root down to the tip , daniel f ** ked his fist , moaning as the pleasure built inside him . 
 his seed spurted out coating the floor of the cold shower . 
 he watched it wash away . 
 the orgasm was nothing like what he wanted to feel , but once he was inside dawn , he just knew it was going to be explosive . 
 **** dawn woke up to the alarm beside her bed ringing . 
 she frowned , reaching out to press on the button to turn the blasted machine off . 
 staring at the time she let out a groan . 
 it was seven o'clock . 
 who in their right mind would set the alarm for seven ? 
 the unfairness of it was n't even funny . 
 suddenly , the memory of last night rushed over her . 
 sitting up in bed , she glanced around the room . 
 the lace curtains were shut apart from the ones at the base of the bed showing the door connecting her room to daniel 's . 
 her heart raced as her pu ** y flooded with warmth from what he had done to her last night . 
 glancing down at her ni ** les she saw they were slightly bruised . 
 her skin was dark , yet she saw the off purple of the bruise . 
 licking her lips , she climbed out of the bed and padded toward the doors . 
 sliding the curtain open she gasped at the view of the garden . 
 there was a waterfall display at the forefront , which opened up into the most beautiful forest . 
 he warned us to be ready by seven thirty . 
 she checked the time and released a squeal . 
 ten minutes had already gone . 
 dawn ran for the bathroom quickly doing her business on the toilet before flushing the toilet then washing her hands . 
 once she finished washing her hands , she found a toothbrush , brushing her teeth . 
 she ran her fingers through her hair , hoping to put some order to the strands . 
 nothing was working . 
 with quick movements , she ran into the bedroom taking her place by the bed as the door opened connecting their bedrooms . 
 next time she 'd set the alarm earlier so she had more time in the bathroom . 
 she was naked , exposed , and had n't the time to make sure she looked more appealing in the mirror . 
 at least there would n't be any sleep in the corners of her eyes . 
 `` i see you remembered what i demanded of you last night , '' daniel said , stepping in front of her . 
 he was wearing steel toe capped boots and a pair of jeans . 
 she forced herself to keep looking at the floor even though she wanted to look at him . 
 why was he dressed when she was n't allowed ? 
 `` you 've pleased me by not using any of the clothes in the wardrobe . 
 i wanted you naked , but i realized i had n't specified it . 
 this pleases me . '' 
 she wished she 'd thought about the wardrobe but then she liked the idea of pleasing him a little more . 
 `` you may look at me . '' 
 lifting her head she saw he wore a crisp white shirt . 
 disappointment filled her . 
 she rather liked him without a shirt . 
 `` good morning , pet . '' 
 he cupped her cheek , running a finger over her lips . 
 `` seeing you like this pleases me . '' 
 he released her face and moved past her to the drawer beside the bed . 
 she stayed perfectly still as he got what he wanted . 
 seconds later he sat down on the bed . 
 `` i 'm going to brush your hair for you . '' 
 he ran the brush through her hair , taking his time . 
 when he got to knots , she was surprised how gentle he was in working them out . 
 her curiosity increased about him . 
 `` you 've got questions ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how did you know , sir ? '' 
 `` you 're fidgeting . 
 i 've noticed over the year you fidget when you 're curious , but otherwise you sit still like a good little sub . 
 ask your questions . 
 i 'm ready to listen . '' 
 he continued to brush her hair . 
 she loved the attention . 
 her mother had n't been the kind of woman to spend the time brushing hair . 
 `` where did you learn to brush hair , sir ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he 'd given her permission to speak , but she remembered to use his title . 
 dawn wanted to please him further . 
 `` i 've dealt with a lot of subs . 
 i 've found many of them like this kind of attention , and it 's a skill i learned to acquire . 
 you 're my mate , dawn . 
 i 'll do whatever necessary to make you comfortable . '' 
 `` i 'm very comfortable , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` i love your touch . '' 
 `` has anyone ever taken the time to brush your hair ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she stared in front of her , resting her hands on top of her thighs . 
 `` get used to this . 
 i look forward to giving you daily brushes . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` sir , about last night ? '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` i want to apologize for my behavior . '' 
 `` are you sorry you got caught or sorry that you touched yourself without my permission ? '' 
 `` both . '' 
 she 'd heard him reaching orgasm last night in his shower . 
 for the first time in her life she 'd been ashamed when it came to a man . 
 daniel had taken care of her needs , giving her a release unlike any she 'd ever felt , and he 'd taken care of his own himself . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he whispered the words against her ear causing her to jump . 
 `` i want you to know i 'll be asking that question a lot . 
 i expect you to answer me all the time . 
 i want to know what you 're thinking , feeling , and how you 're dealing with our relationship . 
 i expect total honesty . '' 
 she licked her dry lips . 
 honesty ? 
 out of all he requested , total honesty scared her more than anything . 
 `` dawn ? '' 
 `` i was thinking how much i hated not giving you pleasure last night . 
 i 've kept us at a distance for so long . '' 
 tears filled her eyes as she thought about the emptiness of the past year . 
 the only time she felt anything was when she was around daniel . 
 when she 'd first heard about kinkster 's , she 'd intended to go every now and then . 
 once she met daniel , discovered he was her dom , she made sure to frequent the club weekly . 
 her weekly visits increased to several times a week . 
 she 'd been able to hold herself back to four days a week rather than the whole seven . 
 `` i heard you in the shower . 
 i wanted to come and pleasure you like you had me . '' 
 he paused in brushing her hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry , and i 'm sorry about this last year , sir . '' 
 daniel brushed a kiss to her cheek . 
 `` i was thinking of you . '' 
 he finished brushing her hair and stood . 
 `` it 's time for breakfast . 
 come on , baby . '' 
 he held his hand out for her to take . 
 getting to her feet she followed him . 
 she wanted to cover her body from the potential prying eyes , yet as she made her way into the kitchen , she noticed no one was around . 
 they were alone . 
 she was safe from anyone else looking at her . 
 daniel had promised her no one else would be home , and this just gave her another reason to trust him . 
 he took a small towel and placed it on one of the chairs . 
 `` take a seat . '' 
 she sat on the chair . 
 her cheeks heated , and she wondered if he saw the embarrassment . 
 if he did , he did n't say anything . 
 resting her palms on her knees she looked toward him . 
 he was gathering stuff out of the fridge . 
 the coffee pot was already working , filling the room with the delicious aroma . 
 `` how do you know we 're mates ? '' 
 she asked , blurting the words out . 
 pressing a hand to her mouth , she apologized . 
 daniel smiled at her . 
 `` your scent , and my wolf is driving me crazy telling me to claim you . 
 he knows what he wants today , tomorrow , the future . 
 he 's got it all mapped out . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 she watched him slice into a peach and start to segment the fruit . 
 he was making toast as well . 
 the fresh smells made her stomach grumble . 
 at home , she got her own breakfast , which usually consisted of cereal . 
 her mother would n't be caught dead in a kitchen . 
 she wondered if her father knew all of their meals were prepared by a lower pack female ? 
 dawn doubted it . 
 her mother would n't let anyone get the chance to spill the truth . 
 she probably threatened a beating . 
 minutes passed as he finished breakfast . 
 `` does n't your wolf recognize me ? '' 
 he asked , taking a seat at the head of the table . 
 she was beside him but away from the table . 
 if she was to lean her arms on the table she 'd look out of place . 
 `` yes and no . 
 it 's complicated . '' 
 she tucked some hair behind her ear . 
 the chair he sat on scraped back as he stood to his feet . 
 the sudden movement had her tensing . 
 he grabbed some kind of band and stood behind her . 
 daniel worked her hair into a ponytail . 
 `` i love your hair , but i do n't want it to get in my way . 
 i love watching your face . '' 
 he took a seat again , confusing her . 
 he offered her a slice of peach . 
 staring at the fruit then at him , she frowned . 
 `` you 'll feed from my hands , '' he said . 
 leaning forward she sucked the fruit from his fingers trying not to touch his skin . 
 daniel laughed . 
 `` i wash my hands . 
 you 're not going to get any diseases . '' 
 for several minutes he fed her different slices of fruit , sipping his coffee and reading the paper . 
 the only attention he paid her was with the fruit he offered up . 
 was she invisible ? 
 gripping the edge of her seat , she took more fruit . 
 when the bowl was empty he buttered some toast and tore the bread apart . 
 again , she had to take the food from his fingers . 
 slowly , the anger started to ebb away to be replaced with comfort . 
 she liked taking food from his offered hands . 
 he was feeding her , caring for her . 
 when the food was all gone , daniel taking plenty of food for himself , he poured them both a coffee . 
 he folded up the newspaper throwing it away from him . 
 `` here is your coffee . 
 this is too hot , and i do n't want to risk burning you . '' 
 he handed her the cup . 
 she took it and swallowed some down . 
 he kept watching her . 
 should she say something ? 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` dawn ? '' 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 `` did you feel how hot the coffee was ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his face was a blank mask . 
 she did n't know why he was asking such questions . 
 staring into the coffee cup , she frowned . 
 steam was rising from the cup . 
 she 'd always been able to drink hot liquid . 
 being a wolf she was able to heal a lot faster than humans . 
 `` erm , no . 
 it tasted fine , why ? 
 is there something wrong , sir ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , nothing is wrong . '' 
 he gave her a quick smile before getting to his feet . 
 with his back to her she stuck her finger into the hot liquid . 
 there was no pain . 
 the wolf inside her was growling at her . 
 when she withdrew her finger she saw the scald , and yet she 'd not felt anything . 
 you 've not felt anything in a long time . 
 this is what you 've been hunting for , the ability to feel pain . 
 her wolf was pacing , clearly distressed . 
 she placed her hand on her lap watching her skin begin to heal . 
 `` have you ever been in a fight ? '' 
 daniel asked , washing the dishes . 
 `` not really . 
 i 've seen fights but never been in one . '' 
 he wiped his hands on the towel and turned to face her . 
 `` why did you dip your finger into the cup ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she gasped . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the scent of burning flesh , dawn . 
 you tested the liquid with your finger . 
 it 's not completely burnt , yet you had a scald that has now disappeared . 
 tell me why you did n't call or scream . '' 
 `` i 'm a wolf . 
 my pain is different from others ' . '' 
 `` wolves scream at burns , broken bones , even the pain from the way i bit you last night . '' 
 she swallowed around the lump in her throat . 
 `` i do n't know why , '' she said , rubbing her hands down her thighs . 
 `` i really do n't know why , sir . '' 
 staring down at her finger , she was curious as to why she did n't call out . 
 her lack of attention had brought her secret to his attention . 
 it 's because you crave pain that you ca n't feel . 
 you 're sick , twisted , and need to feel pain . 
 tears filled dawn 's eyes as she looked up at daniel . 
 `` do i repulse you ? '' 
 chapter six going to his knees before her , daniel stared into her eyes seeing the fear shining within her depths . 
 how long had she been hiding this inability to feel pain ? 
 congenital analgesia was very rare in wolves , but daniel had heard of certain cases where wolves were tormented or physically abused during their transition . 
 around a wolf 's eighteenth birthday they went through the transition that rewired their brain to connect to their wolves . 
 the problem with this condition was in wolves it was harder to treat . 
 he stared down at her finger seeing it had already healed . 
 wolves hid it away , and he understood why as he 'd also heard of packs using wolves with congenital analgesia to fight to the death . 
 they did n't need to stop even with broken bones as they did n't feel it . 
 cupping dawn 's head , he tilted her head back and slammed his lips down on hers . 
 there was so much going on in that head of hers that he did n't have the first clue where to start . 
 for the last year she 'd been hiding this from him . 
 had she been hunting pain in the hope of finding it ? 
 he should have seen it . 
 whenever he spanked her , she 'd made all the right noises , but it was lies . 
 sliding his tongue along her lips , he plundered her mouth tasting her . 
 his wolf pounced wanting out , to mark his woman and to prove to her they did n't hate her . 
 they were in love with her . 
 down . 
 no , we have to claim her . 
 she 's hurting . 
 we need to prove to her it does n't matter . 
 she needs us . 
 not now . 
 dawn needed them to be stable around her . 
 he withdrew , dropping a kiss on her nose . 
 `` baby , i 'm never repulsed by you . 
 i 'm curious about what 's happened in your life . '' 
 `` surely you ca n't feel too much of a burn . '' 
 he licked his lips , wondering what to say . 
 `` no , dawn . 
 i ca n't stick my finger into steaming coffee without it hurting . 
 last night , i bit down on your ni ** les pretty hard . 
 did you feel it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it was nice . 
 my br ** sts are sensitive . '' 
 daniel moved his hands down to cup her br ** sts . 
 he saw the outline of the bruises . 
 on her dark skin it was harder to see the bruises , but they were there . 
 he ran a thumb over the tips , and she gasped . 
 `` sensitive , sir , '' she said . 
 nodding , daniel sat back and stared at her body . 
 he needed to talk with a professional , and the only person he knew was a doctor . 
 `` go into the sitting room . 
 i 'm going to finish cleaning the dishes . 
 i want you to kneel beside the coffee table and present to me . '' 
 she got to her feet , and he caught her wrist before she could leave . 
 `` this is not a punishment , dawn . '' 
 he pressed her hand to his cock . 
 `` i want you . 
 i 'm not repulsed by you , but i 'm concerned like any other mate would be . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to be concerned about , sir . '' 
 she dropped her head showing her submission . 
 `` let me be the judge of that . '' 
 he placed a kiss to her head , inhaling her scent . 
 daniel watched her leave , pulling out his cell phone . 
 he left the house , going out the door that led into the garden . 
 dialing jake 's number , he waited for his friend to answer his call . 
 `` hello , '' jake said , groaning . 
 `` it 's nearly eight . 
 why are you still in bed ? '' 
 `` well , my alpha kicked my ass out of the house and i do n't need to worry about getting up early . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i need you to get the doc here . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 all the sounds of sleep disappeared from his voice . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he looked through the kitchen . 
 `` dawn 's not okay , and no , i did n't do anything . 
 i think something happened to her during the transition . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` dawn ca n't feel pain . '' 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 `` you 've been spanking her for the last year . 
 surely you would have seen something by now . '' 
 he heard sounds over the line and imagined his friend moving around . 
 `` i missed this . 
 i do n't know how it happened , but i gave her a coffee this morning . 
 it was steaming , jake , and she drank it down as if it was cold . 
 when i asked her about it she told me she always drank hot liquids . '' 
 `` that 's not so strange . '' 
 `` she put her finger inside the cup . 
 her skin burned , and not a sound came from her . 
 she looked like she 'd put it in body temperature water . 
 also , last night , i caused a lot of pain , and she only gasped and cried out . 
 not once were any of her moans coming from the ability to feel pain . 
 she also does n't look shocked by her lack of pain . 
 dawn is scared of me being repulsed by her . '' 
 `` alpha , this is bad . '' 
 `` i know it 's bad , but i need you to get the doc here and to make sure no one knows the truth . '' 
 jake was silent . 
 `` what do you want to tell me ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` i heard some guys talking at the club last night . 
 they were talking about some kind of dog fight or some shit . 
 there 's a guy who ca n't feel pain and is taking on dogs in the ring . 
 i do n't know if it was true or if they were bullshitting . 
 do you think it can be a wolf with this same problem ? '' 
 daniel cursed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i really do n't know . 
 i 'm not having anyone putting dawn in danger because she ca n't feel . 
 check out the gossip and get back to me . 
 in the meantime , get the doc here . 
 i want him to talk to him and see what i can find out . '' 
 `` what if she ca n't be fixed ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 `` i do n't need her to be fixed . 
 i just need to keep her safe . '' 
 jake hung up letting him know that he would n't talk about dawn 's problem . 
 entering the house , daniel placed the phone back on the kitchen counter . 
 he ran his fingers through his hair trying to focus on dawn rather than the fear of what her condition could mean . 
 if she was trying to find someone to give her pain then she could have encountered all kinds of sick f ** ks . 
 there were men , like him , who liked to cause a little pain , sadists , but they trained hard not to push too hard . 
 some men and women , however , did n't care how much they pushed . 
 they did n't believe in any boundary and simply pushed . 
 in her quest to find a sadist had she found this kind of men ? 
 the very thought sickened him . 
 something had happened to her , but he did n't know what it was . 
 he walked toward the sitting room , finding her in the nearest one . 
 she was kneeling on the floor with her dark thighs spread open for him to see the na ** d lips of her sex . 
 her head was bowed in submission . 
 daniel wanted to touch her body . 
 her dark skin called to him , leaving him in need to feel her , to taste . 
 `` you please me , pet , '' he said , entering the room . 
 he pushed the coffee table out of the way and circled her body . 
 she released a little gasp as he moved the table with ease . 
 stroking her head , he stared at the curves of her body . 
 she was perfect . 
 he took a seat on the sofa . 
 `` move to face me . '' 
 she shuffled on the floor , her head still bowed , but she settled between his thighs . 
 her naked , curvy body was on display for him to touch . 
 she 's not ours yet . 
 he cupped her chin and forced her to look at him . 
 `` you ca n't feel pain , dawn . '' 
 the change inside her was instant . 
 he held her chin even as she made to pull away from him . 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 it will happen soon . '' 
 `` sticking your finger into a steaming cup of liquid tells me all i need to know . 
 you did n't make a sound . 
 last night , you did n't respond to my bites . 
 i turned you on , but i did n't cause you pain . '' 
 `` i like a lot of pain . '' 
 he stared at her , seeing the denial within her depths , and the lies spilling from her mouth . 
 `` i do n't know what you like to feel . 
 if you ca n't feel pain then in certain cases , the person starts to feel like they need pain . 
 you 're not craving pain , dawn . 
 you 're hunting for it because the idea of not feeling it scares you . '' 
 she stared at him with tears in her eyes . 
 he released her face and reached down to haul her up into his lap . 
 dawn did n't fight him as he settled her onto his lap . 
 he wrapped his arms around her body , holding her tight against him so she could n't move . 
 `` we 're going to talk about this , and you 're not going to argue with me . '' 
 he infused his alpha voice as he spoke . 
 she stopped struggling . 
 the hairs on her arms stood on end letting him know he was winning their little dispute . 
 he rested a hand on her stomach while the other he placed on her thigh . 
 `` something happened during your transition . 
 most young wolves have a family or a pack that cares about them . 
 they 're nursed during their transition into their first turning . 
 during that time the body goes through a lot of stuff . 
 in rare cases , wires get crossed , and something bad happens . '' 
 he was using all of his own knowledge to tell her this . 
 the only reason he needed the doctor was for him to assess if there was anything they could do to stop the wires from being crossed . 
 `` these bad things turn an ordinary wolf into someone who ca n't process pain . 
 when people find out about their lack of pain threshold it makes them vulnerable to predators . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` for you , you 're a natural submissive , so you 're open to men or women who 'd want a toy to play with . 
 they 're sadists of the worst kind , dawn . '' 
 he looked to her side and saw the tears glistening in her eyes . 
 how much had she endured in the last few years before she met him ? 
 no one had looked deep enough to see the need she was suffering . 
 `` have you dealt with this ? '' 
 she gasped and turned her head away . 
 `` baby , i ca n't help you until you tell me the truth . '' 
 `` how do you know i 'm like this ? '' 
 she asked , looking at him . 
 `` i did n't react to the liquid or to your bites , but why does it have to mean anything ? '' 
 `` because you 're broken a little . 
 your wolf is scared to trust you . '' 
 he rubbed circles against her stomach soothing her . 
 `` the only reason for your wolf to be scared is because you 've put her in a situation that scares her . 
 she does n't trust your judgment , which makes her nervous . 
 it 's why you ca n't sense the truth of me being your mate . '' 
 he kissed the side of her neck . 
 `` it 's time for you to realize you can trust me . '' 
 he pressed another kiss to her neck . 
 `` i 'm here to stay , and no matter what you say , i 'm always going to be here . 
 i love you , and you 're not getting rid of me . '' 
 he held her tight against him , showing her the love and care he felt through touch . 
 `` you 're going to leave , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not going to go anywhere . 
 it 's time for you to share these problems . '' 
 she did n't talk about her mother or any part of her past . 
 how far back did this abuse go ? 
 `` where do you want me to start ? '' 
 she asked seconds later . 
 `` from wherever you feel comfortable . '' 
 she stayed silent for several minutes , not talking . 
 her heart was racing , and her wolf was pacing in wait . 
 calm down , baby . 
 i 'm not going to let her go . 
 `` i killed a human male and cleaned the mess up . '' 
 the words were not what he expected and yet they were . 
 she was a wolf , suitable to be his mate . 
 `` tell me what happened . '' 
 he continued to stroke her body . 
 `` why did you kill that man ? '' 
 `` i liked pain , or i thought i liked pain . 
 the guy i lost my virginity to he was n't clean about it or nice . 
 it hurt a little . 
 i do n't know if it hurt or if it was supposed to hurt . '' 
 `` i get it , '' he said , kissing her shoulder . 
 `` it was before my transition . 
 i was eighteen , and i wanted to have sex as a human . 
 i heard that some wolves could n't have sex without turning . 
 if i got a human mate i did n't want to risk killing him so i decided to have sex before . 
 there was a little pain , but i did n't have an orgasm . 
 that was the last time i ever felt pain . '' 
 he listened to her talk , finally opening up to him . 
 her wolf stopped pacing and simply rested , clearly happy that she was trusting someone with the truth . 
 **** `` afterward i thought i needed the pain to get off . 
 i could n't enjoy sex any other way , and so i did a little research and i found people who felt the same . 
 before my transition , i could feel pain , and all of a sudden , it was gone . 
 i figured i had to go looking for it . '' 
 dawn opened up telling daniel everything about herself . 
 she 'd never thought telling the truth would make her feel safe , yet it did . 
 `` the first bdsm club i went to was for humans . 
 there were no wolves present . 
 in my father 's pack , there 's no relationship of this kind . 
 i doubt they even know it exists . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised what goes on behind closed doors , baby . 
 it happens more than you think . '' 
 he kept stroking her stomach and thigh , calming her . 
 her wolf was relaxed , happy even . 
 `` you went home with a man ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` yes , he was the first man i went home with . 
 i spent the weekend with him . 
 he was ... '' she stopped thinking as the memory crashed over her . 
 `` i do n't know his name . 
 he was disgusting , filthy . 
 he tied me to ropes he had coming from the ceiling and kept me that way for the time we were together . '' 
 she closed her eyes , reaching down to touch daniel . 
 the feel of his flesh calmed her nerves . 
 `` i 'm here , dawn . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 knowing he was n't going to leave her filled her with joy . 
 `` he used knives , whips , wax , and sometimes he used flame . 
 there was no end to what he did . 
 i made the noises suitable even though i felt nothing , and only when he started to talk about another woman he 'd had in the same spot - '' her mouth went dry at the cruelty of his actions . 
 `` he 'd killed another woman in that same spot . 
 i had n't smelled it because of all the scented candles and bleach he used to mop everything up . 
 he talked how he 'd tortured her for days , doing to me what he 'd done to her . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` my wolf pounced . '' 
 she held her hand up for him to see . 
 `` my hand turned into the claws of a wolf . 
 i tore the restraints with so much ease , and i killed him . 
 i liked it , daniel . 
 he was a murdering bastard and had caused so much pain , and i liked causing him pain . 
 i 'm not normal . '' 
 he cupped her cheek , turning to her to look at him . 
 his dark brown eyes stared back at her . 
 `` you saved other women . 
 if you 'd not been a wolf he 'd have killed you and done it to other women . '' 
 `` i spent three days cleaning up the mess and disposing of the body . 
 for weeks afterwards i thought all i could smell was his blood . 
 every second i spent with my pack i thought they knew the truth . 
 no one said anything , and after a little time passed i went out . 
 do n't get me wrong . 
 there were men who tried to give me what i wanted , but it always ended in rejection and disaster . '' 
 she wiped the tears leaking from her eyes . 
 `` how many people did you kill ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i only killed one man . '' 
 `` the world is an awful place , dawn . 
 you 've been unlucky to have encountered men who were bad , and did n't know how to handle your problem . 
 we 're not all like that . '' 
 he caressed her body , soothing her . 
 `` that 's it . 
 i heard about kinkster 's after my last failed relationship , and i met you . '' 
 `` there 's only one man on your list ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , is n't that bad enough ? '' 
 she sniffled , trying to wipe the tears away . 
 `` it 's bad , but it 's not as bad as i thought . 
 i do n't know how you could have thought i 'd be repulsed by you . '' 
 he kept touching her . 
 her wolf relaxed , stretching out as if she needed to sleep . 
 `` you do n't believe in violence . '' 
 `` i do n't believe in violence being the only answer . 
 it does n't mean i 've not struggled in my life before . 
 taking a life takes part of us with them , dawn . 
 the man you 've taken , he 's with you no matter what kind of scum he was . '' 
 `` i want him to go away , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't make him go away . '' 
 he turned her so she was sat on the sofa . 
 `` you 've not talked about your mother . 
 everything you 've told me would n't have affected your ability to feel pain . 
 you had sex before your transition , and that made you believe you needed pain to get off . 
 you 've not talked about her mother or your transition . '' 
 her mother was always off topic as far as she was concerned . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about my mom . '' 
 daniel stroked a finger across her lips . 
 he settled between her thighs , pressing his body on top of hers . 
 her wolf moaned within her mind , bowing down to his presence . 
 `` how does your pack feel to having me as your mate ? '' 
 she asked , changing the subject . 
 `` you finally believe we 're mates now ? '' 
 `` i ca n't deny it . 
 not many men would put up with what i 've put you through . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` we 're mates , and in time you 're going to see how bonded we are . '' 
 he leaned down , pressing his lips against hers . 
 she closed her eyes , whimpering as his lips touched hers . 
 the instant shot of pleasure thrilled her . 
 `` open your eyes , pet . 
 your master demands it . '' 
 dawn did as he asked , staring into his brown eyes . 
 `` my pack wants me to be happy . 
 being around you , even with the blue balls you 've given me , gives me pleasure . '' 
 he rubbed his nose against hers then caressed down to inhale the scent of her neck . 
 `` do you feel pleasure ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she arched up to his touch , wanting to touch him . 
 `` last night , did you orgasm , or was that all a lie ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i feel pleasure . 
 last night was not a lie . 
 i gave you everything that i am . 
 i do n't hide from physical feelings . 
 i 've tried to feel pain , searched for it , and i always come back disappointed . '' 
 she would n't lie about experiencing her first true orgasm by her mate . 
 `` so we know you can feel pleasure as much as the next person . 
 that 's good news , baby , really good news . '' 
 he sucked on her earlobe , and she gasped as goosebumps erupted over her arms . 
 the pleasure was sudden , shocking in the intensity . 
 `` the only problem is your inability to feel pain . '' 
 `` does it really matter ? '' 
 she asked , missing the feel of his lips on hers . 
 `` yes , it matters . 
 i do n't want anyone to have you . 
 you 're all mine , and i 'm a selfish bastard when i want something . '' 
 he pushed some hair off her face . 
 `` do you accept my claim ? '' 
 she stared into her eyes . 
 her wolf waited for her answer . 
 `` yes , i accept your claim . '' 
 `` then you know i 'm going to have to meet your father and mother . 
 they 're going to want to know who i am . '' 
 `` do we have to talk about this ? '' 
 she asked , hating the thought of him meeting her mother . 
 `` i 'm not going to push you . 
 we 're not leaving this house for some time . 
 you 're going to tell me the truth whether you like it or not . '' 
 `` this is n't easy for me , '' she said , gritting her teeth . 
 she could n't move as he held her tightly , refusing to let her go . 
 `` and you think this is easy for me ? 
 for one year you 've denied me . 
 i 've known you were my mate , and you held me back . 
 i 'm not going to let you do it again . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed her lips . 
 `` you 're my mate , my submissive , and i 'm going to lay my claim to you but only after i 've met your family . '' 
 she did n't want him to meet her mother . 
 her mother was awful , vile even . 
 he thrust his pelvis against her core . 
 `` i think it 's time for that grand tour . '' 
 daniel withdrew from her , and she could n't stop the whimper from leaving her lips . 
 he was torturing her on purpose , she was sure . 
 `` i 'm naked , sir , '' she said . 
 `` good . 
 i like seeing the beauty of my submissive . 
 you 're truly beautiful , dawn . '' 
 he took her hand within his . 
 he 's ours as much as we 're his . 
 `` this is one of the sitting rooms . '' 
 he picked up the remote and pointed it at the screen . 
 `` ah , yes , this is the sports room . 
 the television will only take sports , so no one can complain about what 's on the television . '' 
 daniel spent all morning taking her from room to room . 
 she loved the age of the house . 
 he 'd kept a great deal of the original design and only changed the colors to make them lighter . 
 the details were beautiful as were the patterns on the ceiling . 
 they moved from room to room , and she was surprised he even had a cinema room . 
 `` there was a time when thirty people lived here . 
 my father loved to have the pack around . 
 over time some of the pack died because of old age and moved away with their mates . 
 i keep everything the same as i love having the pack around , too . '' 
 `` it 's strange not having a pack close by , '' she said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he led the way upstairs toward the first floor where their bedrooms were . 
 after seeing the seventh bedroom , dawn decided she did n't need to see all of them . 
 when they were at the attic she smelled the age lying in wait . 
 `` i 've kept a great deal of memories in here . '' 
 he led the way into the attic . 
 inside , dawn was met by the history of the pack . 
 pictures of men and women in reserved poses met her . 
 she smiled at the cribs as well . 
 `` i slept in this crib , '' he said , pressing on the side so the crib rocked . 
 `` this place is amazing . '' 
 `` you 've not seen the best part , baby , '' he said , taking her hand and leading her away from the attic . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did n't speak as he led her to the kitchen . 
 when he opened the door leading to the garden she froze . 
 being na ** d inside the house was different from going outside in the open . 
 `` i ca n't go out there , sir . '' 
 she bowed her head so he 'd see she did n't mean any disrespect . 
 `` dawn , we 're over twenty miles from the nearest house . 
 we 're totally alone , and you do n't need to worry about a thing . '' 
 he tugged on her hand and wrapped the other around her . 
 `` do you really think i 'd let anyone else see you naked ? '' 
 he took her mouth , plunging his tongue within . 
 she moaned , opening up to him . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 opening her eyes , which she 'd closed during his kiss , she stared at him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he stepped out into the open . 
 she followed him feeling the slight chill in the air . 
 `` there 's going to be a storm soon , '' she said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he led the way down the path , and when they got to the stoned path , daniel picked her up in his arms to carry her across . 
 she let out a squeal , shocked by his strength . 
 he 's an alpha . 
 of course he can lift you . 
 `` i do n't feel pain , remember , '' she said , laughing . 
 `` i know , but i do n't want to watch you walking across the stones . '' 
 he placed her back on her feet once they were on the grass . 
 daniel took the lead once again walking toward the edge of the water feature . 
 the beauty of the water falling captured her attention . 
 she wondered what it would be like to stand in the water and have it wash over her . 
 dawn did n't realize she 'd said it out loud until daniel spoke . 
 `` another time , '' he said , kissing her . 
 he took her past some of the trees and turned left . 
 she did n't have a clue where they were going , and she did n't care . 
 through the cover of trees she saw the small cabin . 
 daniel walked up the steps , keeping her with him . 
 he took out a key , unlocking the door for her to enter . 
 again , he flicked the light switch on , bringing light to the dark room . 
 there were no windows , and the privacy was welcome . 
 she rubbed the chill from her arms , even though the weather did n't bother her . 
 `` this is my playroom . 
 i guess it 's a play cabin . 
 this is where i train on the equipment . 
 i never want to hurt my submissive . '' 
 `` have you brought a submissive here ? '' 
 she asked , staring at the room similar to the one in kinkster 's . 
 she never thought he 'd have a playroom close to the house . 
 her pu ** y grew wet at the sight before her . 
 `` yes , i 've brought submissives here . 
 i never expected to find my mate . 
 since i 've met you , there has n't been any other woman for me . '' 
 she turned around and saw him standing with his arms folded . 
 every time he folded his arms , she was drawn to the thickness of his arms . 
 there was nothing timid or tame about him . 
 `` there 've been no other men for me either . '' 
 she was n't upset that he 'd brought other women here . 
 there was no reason for her to be jealous or angry . 
 `` am i your exclusive submissive ? '' 
 she was putting herself out there even with her problems . 
 chapter seven `` yes , you 're my only submissive , and you 've been a little disobedient today , '' he said , stepping up close to her . 
 she looked up at him and smiled . 
 her smile had his gut twisting . 
 he could n't lose her . 
 she had n't opened up about her mother , but she 'd told him the truth about her past . 
 her wolf was happy with the admissions as well . 
 it was a start for both of them . 
 in time , daniel knew he could get her to trust him . 
 whatever her concern was about her mother , he knew it was possibly the cause of her problem . 
 female wolves were supposed to be maternal , caring for their young . 
 the way dawn reacted , he doubted she was ever comforted by her mother . 
 the way she reacted to him combing her hair this morning was another clue . 
 she 'd stayed perfectly still , obviously loving the feel of his fingers running through her hair . 
 did she know how she 'd moaned and when he took a little time between strokes , she 'd whimpered as if he left her ? 
 there was so much going on inside her head , and daniel knew there was a lot of work ahead of him . 
 `` present to me , '' he said , watching her go to her knees , opening them wide for him to see her pu ** y . 
 he took a seat in front of her , far enough away to see the lips of her sex glistening . 
 she was truly beautiful . 
 his dark , submissive beauty waiting for him to punish her . 
 his c ** k thickened , making it uncomfortable for him . 
 he moved in his seat in an attempt to relieve the ache in his pants . 
 `` several times you addressed me without using my title . '' 
 he stared around the room , wondering what he should do to tease her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , '' she said . 
 `` good , i do n't need to hear your apologies . 
 you 're going to be punished , but i believe you 've been pushing me to use my hand on you . '' 
 he ran a finger across his lip , curious as to what he should do . 
 this was their first time truly alone with many toys at his disposal . 
 in the club they may have seemed alone , but in truth , they were never alone . 
 his pack would have come to her if she showed any signs of distress . 
 they knew he had struggled not to claim her , and he 'd asked jake to interfere if it ever came down to it . 
 fortunately , it never happened as he 'd always been in control . 
 this time , he was in complete control of her , and she was at his mercy . 
 `` what is your safe word ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` red . '' 
 `` good . 
 do not use it unless you wish the scene to end . 
 you know how to get me to slow down , so i expect you to caution me when i 'm going too far . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 he doubted she 'd ever use a caution or a safe word during a scene , and that alone concerned him . 
 `` i want you to get up and go to the bed . 
 lie down on your back and open your thighs wide . '' 
 she did as he instructed . 
 he admired the rounded curves of her ass as she moved away from him . 
 fuck , she made him ache with need . 
 `` are you comfortable ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 daniel moved to his display of toys . 
 he had a selection of whips , canes , and paddles . 
 he personally liked the cane . 
 a long strip of leather with a small loop at the end was his favorite . 
 he loved the sound of it as he brought it down on her flesh . 
 the other tool he liked to use was his hand . 
 the sting of his palm let him know that he was punishing his submissive properly . 
 the last thing he needed was for his submissive to believe he was getting weak . 
 he decided to take the cane , a set of nipple clamps , and a brand new dildo . 
 after he brought new submissives to his room he always made sure to use new equipment . 
 placing the devices within easy reach he knelt down in front of her . 
 he took hold of one of her ankles and picked up the silk tie connected to the post of the bed . 
 securing the silk around her ankle , he made sure it was tight enough to keep her secure but not so tight that it would damage her skin . 
 there was no need to worry about pain with her , but he would always be cautious . 
 once he was happy with the first ankle he did the same to the second . 
 kneeling back , he admired her flesh against the red silk . 
 perfection . 
 `` bring your head forward . '' 
 she did as he asked , and he drew the length of her hair above her head . 
 he secured the length with a clip he kept in his pants pocket . 
 the strands were all out of his way exposing her sweet neck . 
 `` beautiful . '' 
 he cupped the back of her neck , tilting her head back . 
 claiming her lips , he slid his tongue into her open mouth . 
 her taste was amazing , and he could spend the whole day kissing her . 
 the mating heat began to build inside him , and he moaned as a fresh wave of pleasure struck him . 
 his c ** k hurt him with how swollen he 'd gotten . 
 leaving the kiss , he glided his hand down to circle one hard nipple . 
 once again he went to his knees , bringing the clamps within easy reach . 
 he did n't speak as he stared at the heavy weight of her tits with the brown tips of her ni ** les . 
 daniel was lost when he stared at her . 
 she was exquisite . 
 he did n't know how any man could have hurt her . 
 our mate . 
 we can protect and help her . 
 daniel was never going to turn his back on his woman . 
 if he could n't help her with her inability to feel pain , he 'd spend the rest of his life protecting her . 
 he 'd find other wolves with the same problem to see how they coped . 
 he sucked one of her ni ** les into his mouth , moaning as the hard bud filled his mouth . 
 opening the clamp he pulled away to see her nipple rock hard . 
 he secured the clamp onto her nipple , and she gasped . 
 `` how does it feel , pet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it feels amazing . 
 i 've never ... '' she released a groan as he teased her clit . 
 `` no pain ? '' 
 `` no pain but it feels nice . '' 
 her sensors accepted pleasure , yet they denied pain . 
 moving onto the next nipple , he did the same , relishing the sound of her gasp as he secured the clamp . 
 she arched up against him , begging for more without saying a word . 
 `` lie back , '' he said . 
 she lowered down to the bed . 
 her chest heaved with her indrawn breathes . 
 daniel got to his feet and found the silk binds to secure her wrists . 
 he caught her gaze with his own . 
 her eyes were wide as she looked back at him . 
 neither of them spoke a word as he placed the silk around her wrist . 
 he moved onto the next wrist and secured the last . 
 there was no need for him to tighten the restraints as he wanted her at the end of the bed within easy reach . 
 he knelt between her thighs , grabbing the cane along with the dildo he 'd brought with him . 
 she stayed still , and he ran his hands up and down her body , watching her shudder and shake from his touch . 
 her wolf was lax waiting for him to make his next move . 
 daniel smiled . 
 he was more than prepared to take dawn and her wolf . 
 under his care she 'd flourish like the amazing beauty she was . 
 opening her thighs , he stared at her creamy cunt feeling his mouth water for a taste of her . 
 her wet cunt was on display waiting for his toys . 
 closing the distance between them , he sealed his lips over her cunt sucking on the nub . 
 she cried out , jerking on the restraints . 
 he slapped her thigh , glaring at her . 
 `` i told you to stay lying down . '' 
 dawn went back to the bed , her body shaking as he went back to sucking on her clit . 
 she continued to moan , and her legs shook beneath his . 
 he gripped her thigh hard , adding to the sensation he was creating . 
 she could n't feel pain yet she could feel his touch , and he intended to use it all to his advantage . 
 there was n't enough touch between them to bring her to orgasm . 
 he continued to grip her thigh repeatedly in different areas , constantly touching and stroking her . 
 cream spilled from her pu ** y , coating his mouth , and he drank her up . 
 reaching for the dildo , he replaced his tongue with the fake cock . 
 he ran the tip of the fake c ** k through her slit coating it with her cream . 
 once the dildo was covered he worked the tip down to her cunt . 
 picking up the cane , he watched her response . 
 dawn was staring at the plain ceiling . 
 he wondered if she liked the mirror above her bed or if she hated it . 
 pushing the c ** k into her pu ** y he brought the cane down onto her leg . 
 she cried out , and he did it again working the cane on her thighs . 
 he did n't go anywhere near her pu ** y or body . 
 daniel watched her responses , cautious in his hits . 
 the clamps were biting down on her ni ** les but not drawing any blood , each item creating a different sensation that was n't pain , but it was something . 
 when she was at the peak about to fall into orgasm , he withdrew the fake c ** k and stepped away from her . 
 `` sit up , '' he said , kneeling back on the floor . 
 he removed one clamp then the other , paying careful attention to each bite . 
 daniel sucked on the flesh of her ni ** les , cautious in his ministrations . 
 the clamps had been on her body for some time . 
 satisfied that he had n't broken the skin , he took the toys toward the sink . 
 he sensed her confusion , and he smiled . 
 did n't she realize there were sweeter , easier ways to punish her rather than to cause her immense pain ? 
 there was no punishment in trying to cause her pain . 
 she could n't feel it . 
 washing the toys in anti-bacterial soap , he dried them and placed them back in their place . 
 he released her from the binds that kept her to the bed . 
 `` sir , have i done anything to upset you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kissing her head , he leaned in close to her ear . 
 `` it 's your punishment , dawn . 
 you 're not going to be coming for the rest of the day , but that 's not going to stop me from touching or playing with you . '' 
 she stayed on the floor in her submissive pose while he grabbed the bed sheets . 
 part of him did n't want to leave the room while another knew he needed to prove to her how far he could go . 
 his cell phone buzzed in his pocket . 
 taking the device out he saw a text was left from jake . 
 jake : doc 's here . 
 he wants to see you . 
 i 'm at the gate . 
 `` we 've got to head back home . '' 
 he waited for her to get to her feet , and he wrapped the blanket around her body . 
 `` have i upset you , sir ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her lip wobbled as he secured the blanket around her . 
 `` you 've not upset me . 
 i 'm giving you some much needed privacy . 
 i 've got a friend waiting at the gate . 
 i promised you that no one but me will see you naked , and i intend to deliver . '' 
 he took her hand . 
 `` the moment they 're gone i 'll be having you na ** d once again . '' 
 daniel led her back to the house . 
 he smelled jake on the air , and he noticed dawn smelled the air as well . 
 `` you 've brought the doc here ? '' 
 `` how do you know the doc ? '' 
 he asked , letting her lack of address slip . 
 she was worried . 
 her wolf started to pace a little unsure about what was happening . 
 `` he visited a wolf in distress during pregnancy . '' 
 dawn stopped in the garden . 
 `` why 's he here ? '' 
 `` i 've brought him here to see me . 
 he wo n't know it 's you . '' 
 `` he will . 
 how can you cover my scent ? 
 shit , he can probably already smell me . '' 
 daniel tightened his hand on hers , holding her tightly . 
 `` pet , look at me . 
 look into my eyes . '' 
 he waited for her to pause before he continued . 
 `` i 'll never let anything happen to you . 
 if your pack finds out we 'll know who told . 
 do n't worry , i promise your secret is more than safe . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her lips . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` there 's no reason for you to leave . 
 come on , we 'll go and meet the doc together . '' 
 **** dawn 's wolf paced as they made their way around the front of the house . 
 the blanket pooled around her legs , and she gripped the bottom so she did n't trip up or fall over . 
 daniel did n't move too fast , so she was able to keep up with each of his steps . 
 it took several minutes of walking before the gate came into view . 
 she recognized doc immediately . 
 the other man she remembered from the club but did n't know who he was . 
 `` hello , jake , '' daniel said . 
 `` are we interrupting ? '' 
 jake asked , looking at her . 
 she smelled daniel on the other man , and she knew he was part of the pack . 
 `` no . '' 
 daniel went to the electric box , opened the door , and typed in a code . 
 the gates opened up letting the two men inside . 
 `` dawn . '' 
 the doc nodded his head at her . 
 daniel stepped beside her , wrapping an arm around her shoulders . 
 `` her presence here is to remain a secret , '' daniel said , coming to her rescue . 
 she dropped her head feeling ashamed that she had to hide who she was from her family and her pack . 
 `` i wo n't say anything . '' 
 her mate stepped closer invading doc 's space . 
 `` i mean it . 
 anyone says anything and i 'll be coming back for you . '' 
 doc swallowed . 
 `` i did n't think you believed in violence ? '' 
 `` i do n't believe in violence , but if i 'm pushed , i 'll do whatever the hell i have to in order to protect my woman . '' 
 daniel stood to his full height , the scent of his wolf coming to the fore for all of them to know he meant business . 
 goosebumps erupted on her arms as heat flooded her pu ** y at the dominant display . 
 `` i 've got it , '' doc said . 
 `` you 're going to go all alpha on a woman who 's denied your claiming ? '' 
 jake took a step closer . 
 the anger rolled off him along with his disapproval . 
 she gasped at the smells coming her way along with the anger . 
 daniel growled , stepping in front of her . 
 `` daniel , you can do much better . '' 
 `` she 's my mate , jake . 
 you 'll show her some motherfucking respect or i 'll make sure you regret any words that come out of your mouth . '' 
 jake stared at her , shaking his head . 
 `` he does n't deserve you . '' 
 `` i 've accepted his claim , '' dawn said . 
 `` there 's a reason she 's accepted my offer , jake . 
 come inside , and i 'll let you listen . '' 
 together they walked into the house . 
 she noticed daniel made the two men walk in front of them . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , resting against him . 
 one of his arms wrapped around her back , holding her up . 
 `` no need to thank me , baby . 
 you 're my mate and my sub . 
 i 'll take care of you for the rest of our lives . '' 
 she closed her eyes , relishing the feel of him holding her . 
 they 'd not even had sex , and yet she felt close to him . 
 sex does n't mean love . 
 the way he 'd brought her to the edge of orgasm and yet denied her had angered and excited her . 
 he was the first man to show so much control . 
 daniel turned her on by his masculine display . 
 they entered the house , going toward the sitting room that daniel told her was only allowed to hold guests . 
 he rarely let anyone further into his house who was not part of the pack . 
 daniel 's pack may be different from many others , but his determination to keep them safe was that of a good leader . 
 she liked the thought of having the house filled with a loving , loyal pack . 
 `` i want to thank you for coming , '' daniel said , standing behind her as she sat down on the sofa . 
 get closer . 
 dawn moved into the sofa and snuggled up against his arm . 
 daniel seemed to know what she needed as he rested both of his hands on her shoulders , holding her . 
 `` no problem . 
 i do n't see any problem , but i guess this is not a social call ? '' 
 doc asked . 
 `` this is n't a social call . '' 
 daniel squeezed her shoulder . 
 `` have you heard of other wolves who suffer with a condition similar to congenital analgesia ? '' 
 doc frowned . 
 `` the condition is very uncommon in humans let alone in wolves . '' 
 `` i 've heard of it , '' jake said . 
 his arms were folded over his chest , staring at them . 
 `` the rumors were true . 
 there 's a wolf being used for sport . '' 
 jake glanced at her . 
 `` i 've not been able to find him though . 
 it has been a very busy morning . '' 
 she had so many questions . 
 `` is there any way to treat it ? '' 
 `` what is this all about ? 
 i do n't see what the problem is , '' doc said . 
 he looked between the two . 
 she looked up at her mate , and daniel stared back at her , waiting . 
 dawn nodded for him to tell the truth . 
 `` dawn ca n't feel pain , '' daniel said . 
 `` this is bullshit , daniel . 
 how do you know she 's not lying to get away from you ? 
 she 's been playing you from day one . '' 
 daniel 's wolf tensed . 
 she felt him get ready to strike , and dawn did n't want to be the one responsible for two pack males attacking . 
 getting up from the sofa , she opened the doc 's medical kit and withdrew a scalpel . 
 opening her arm , she slid the knife across her flesh . 
 she did n't wince or feel the bite of pain . 
 it was like her brain was cut off from feeling anything but pleasure . 
 she felt daniel 's touch , the stings of the cane or his slaps . 
 they did n't hurt her , and yet this kind of pain did n't have any affect . 
 she ran the blade across her arm twice more . 
 dawn had n't pressed the blade too deep , and the wounds started to heal seconds later . 
 the first man she 'd killed had pressed the blade in deep making it hard for her to heal . 
 `` that 's enough , dawn , '' daniel said . 
 his voice commanded her to stop , and she stared at him . 
 the concern was clear in his eyes . 
 she handed the doc back his scalpel and took her seat beside daniel . 
 he covered the marks on her arms . 
 blood oozed between his fingers until finally the blood disappeared . 
 licking her lips , she stared up at him . 
 `` wait , you just took a scalpel to yourself , '' jake said . 
 `` this is not good , '' doc said , moving forward . 
 daniel growled , covering her with his arms . 
 `` i suggest if you intend to harm her you think again . 
 i wo n't have anyone harming my woman . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to harm her . '' 
 doc held his hands up in surrender . 
 `` i 'm only going to inspect her arms . '' 
 several seconds passed before daniel relented and allowed doc to get closer . 
 she held her arm out for him to inspect . 
 there were no visible wounds . 
 `` how long has it been like this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she swallowed past the lump in her throat . 
 `` ever since my transition . '' 
 it was n't a lie as she 'd felt plenty of pain before then . 
 there used to be a lot of pain , and over time she stopped reacting to the pain inflicted upon her . 
 after her transition , the pain no longer mattered . 
 her mother would n't leave her alone long enough to stop . 
 `` there 's no way for us to diagnose it unless we made our wolves vulnerable to the humans . 
 in very rare cases something gets shut off during the transition in the emotional receptors of the brain . 
 the reason i say very rare cases is the majority of the condition in wolves is based around abuse . 
 the lines get switched , and the wolf ca n't decipher pain . '' 
 doc released her arm and looked at her . 
 she stared into his eyes , wondering if he knew the truth about her mother . 
 `` someone in your family , dawn , has to be responsible for this . '' 
 `` you mean , you ca n't feel anything ? '' 
 jake asked , coming closer . 
 `` broken bones , boiling water , you ca n't feel it ? '' 
 dawn shook her head , feeling like a freak show for them all to view . 
 `` no , i ca n't feel it . '' 
 `` who did this , dawn ? '' 
 doc asked . 
 `` is there a cure for this ? '' 
 dawn asked , ignoring his question . 
 the conversation about the person responsible for her condition needed to be had with daniel in private , not in front of these men she did n't know . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've never met anyone with this condition . '' 
 doc ran fingers through his hair , obviously completely baffled . 
 `` this is dangerous , daniel . 
 if anyone found out about her condition , she could be used in unspeakable things . 
 you 've got to keep her safe . '' 
 daniel 's jaw tightened . 
 `` what about the mating ? '' 
 dawn asked , turning back to look at the doc . 
 she could n't live the rest of her life wondering if there was a cure . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jake spoke up . 
 `` if the transition rewired my brain then should n't the mating help me to rewire it again ? '' 
 doc held his hands up . 
 `` i really do n't know . 
 i 'm not going to say there 's a cure , and i 'm not going to say there is n't . 
 i really do n't know . 
 there 's a lot about this disease within wolves that we do n't know . 
 i ca n't help you with this . '' 
 `` so you 're pretty much no use at all ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` the mating is worth a try . 
 personally , i 'd try to find fellow wolves in a similar situation as yourself . '' 
 doc stood , grabbing his bag . 
 `` your secret is safe with me . 
 this is not going to be good for other wolves if it 's found out . '' 
 seconds later doc left the property . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 she asked . 
 daniel moved around the sofa , tugging her onto his lap . 
 `` i do n't like his lack of knowledge , and yet we call him a doctor . 
 what i also want to know is where others are . '' 
 he stroked her thigh . 
 she snuggled in against him , pressing her palm against his heart . 
 daniel surrounded her with warmth . 
 `` what if the mating helps ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't know , dawn . 
 i do n't want to put you at unnecessary risk . 
 i 'd never change you . '' 
 he kissed the top of her head . 
 opening her eyes , she stared at his chest . 
 in the past year daniel had shown her more love and affection than the woman she called a mother had in her whole life . 
 they had n't slept together , and yet he left her feeling completely whole . 
 tucking some hair behind her ear , dawn spilled the truth out for him to hear . 
 `` it was my mom , '' she said . 
 `` what , baby ? '' 
 `` my mom , she was always mean growing up , but she 'd hide it away from dad . 
 he never knew the kind of woman he married and mated . 
 she 's not a true alpha , was n't born one . '' 
 her chest tightened as she thought of the years she 'd spent afraid of the one woman she should have trusted . 
 `` they 're not a true mated couple . 
 she was the one who caught his eye , and they had me . '' 
 she stared up at him . 
 `` you never talk about your mother . '' 
 `` because she does n't deserve the title of mother . '' 
 tears spilled from her eyes , and she hated them . 
 `` when i was younger she used to hit me if i got my dress dirty or find ways to punish me . 
 i could n't do anything right , and she would tell me how useless i was . 
 she 'd lash out , slapping , hitting me , or scaring me . 
 all the time she did , daddy was n't in the house . 
 i noticed from a young age that she was always nicer to me when he was around . 
 i tried to make him stay around a lot more , but he had pack work to deal with . 
 i do n't think he loved my mother . 
 he cared about her , and he loved me , but she was n't a true mate . '' 
 her throat felt dry as she started to tell him her memories . 
 the memories she kept buried . 
 `` where most kids went to their mother or pack female for help , i hid from her . 
 she was a vicious woman . '' 
 daniel held her tightly , and she was able to talk about all the bad memories she kept locked up inside . 
 `` how does your father not see it ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 mom deals with the rest of the pack problems while he makes sure no one threatens the pack . '' 
 she kept wiping away the tears , feeling the cleansing within her soul . 
 no one knew of what she went through . 
 this was the truth she 'd given to daniel , her mate , no one else . 
 `` i 'm not going to let this stand , '' he said . 
 `` you ca n't do anything , daniel . 
 if you challenge my mom then you challenge my father first . 
 he 'll never let her accept a challenge she ca n't win . '' 
 `` what do you think he 's going to do when he finds out the truth ? '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` these people you call parents suck . 
 you 're my mate , and when the time comes i wo n't stand for anyone to hurt you . '' 
 he kissed the top of her head , but fortunately , he let it go . 
 dawn closed her eyes , snuggling in deep against him , loving the feel of his warmth surround her . 
 there was nothing she wanted more than to be around her mate . 
 chapter eight several days passed , and daniel took the time to gain more of dawn 's trust . 
 he taught her the value of herself , and punished her when she pushed him a little too far . 
 she begged for him to take her back to his cabin within the woods where all of his toys were . 
 he had a selection within his room but not as extensive as the ones back at the cabin . 
 jake called him regularly to ask for updates . 
 the pack was getting worried , but they were also sensing a change inside him . 
 he knew it was only going to be a matter of days before he claimed her . 
 the full moon was tonight , but he wanted the chance to run wild with her . 
 they had n't had sex yet either . 
 their time together was through touching . 
 he loved the feel of her hands on his skin . 
 she drove him crazy with need . 
 yesterday he had used rope on her gorgeous body , tying the cords around her br ** sts and looping them through her legs to keep her bound up . 
 he 'd laid her on the coffee table , while he simply admired the view at the same time as stroking his length . 
 she did n't complain about her position on the table or what he was doing . 
 her eyes closed at different intervals , and he saw the pleasure shining in her face . 
 she was happy , and he could n't find a single reason to protest . 
 when he could no longer stand to simply stare at her beautiful bound body he 'd gone to his knees before her and enjoyed the taste of her pu ** y . 
 he tortured her for over an hour , licking her delicious cream and taking his time to explore her clit . 
 she was so responsive , and the rope helped to arouse her further by holding her down , adding to her pleasure . 
 only when he was ready for her to come did he give his permission . 
 he 'd flicked her cl * t until she cried out in bliss , and he 'd swallowed down every drop of her release . 
 afterwards , he 'd untied the rope and she 'd gone into her submissive pose and begged for him to allow her to help him with his problem . 
 his c ** k had been rock hard and aching for release . 
 daniel had had every intention of going to the bathroom to relieve the ache . 
 instead , he 'd sat down on the sofa and peeled away his jeans . 
 his c ** k had sprung up as if it had a life of its own . 
 seeing the yearning in her brown eyes , and the way she 'd licked her lips was his undoing . 
 there was no way a dom could deny a sub who 'd been a very good girl . 
 she 'd taken his c ** k within her mouth , sliding her tongue along the vein before going back to the head . 
 dawn had swallowed him down until he hit her throat , going deeper still . 
 she 'd bobbed her head while sucking on the root . 
 the feel of her mouth wrapped around his c ** k had been pure torture but of the most delightful kind . 
 throughout her sucking , she 'd stared at him , watching his reactions . 
 he 'd simply stared back , showing her how much he loved her lips on his cock . 
 she 'd surprised him further when she swallowed the cum that he erupted into her mouth . 
 afterward , he 'd tugged her into his lap and held her while they watched a movie . 
 she had n't worn any clothes since she came to him . 
 daniel was finding it harder to be around her and not to be inside her . 
 he typed on the keyboard within his office , answering emails that had been sent to him in the past couple of days . 
 the club , kinkster 's , still needed his attention as did his pack . 
 dawn knelt on the floor by the sofa with the book on the furniture as she read . 
 her hands were folded underneath her br ** sts , and she leaned on her arms as she read . 
 her feet were crossed behind her , moving from side to side as the rest of her body moved to whatever tune was playing in her mind . 
 he found himself constantly distracted by her movements . 
 the emails were going unanswered while she was reading one of those sex books she 'd found in one of the rooms . 
 one of his wolves enjoyed some kinky books , which he did n't have a problem with dawn reading . 
 anything that got his woman hot and horny was only a benefit to him . 
 she turned the page of the book and started reading again . 
 the scent of her arousal filled the room , making it harder for him to concentrate on the latest email . 
 he dealt with the financial problems of his pack . 
 if some members wished to go to college , he footed the bill as they paid him back once they graduated and were in full time employment . 
 one of the pack females was asking if she could go to medical school to train to be a doctor . 
 he did n't see any concerns in helping her . 
 a doctor within the pack could only help them all . 
 `` you 're doing that on purpose , '' he said , looking at dawn as she turned to look at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the teasing with your body , moving and wriggling . 
 it 's distracting me . '' 
 he sent her a smile , which she responded to . 
 she 'd been completely engrossed into her book rather than seeing what she 'd done to him . 
 his c ** k was rock hard , wanting inside the wet heat of her . 
 `` you 're the one who keeps me naked , sir , '' she said . 
 `` i would n't be that distracting if you let me wear clothes . '' 
 `` where would the fun be in that ? 
 i like you naked . '' 
 he started typing away on his computer . 
 dawn closed her book and walked around the desk to rest against the hard wood . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he reached out to stroke her na ** d hip . 
 `` one of the girls who 's just recently graduated from high school is asking for the funds to go to medical school after college . 
 i 'm responding for her to get her parents to come and see me with her . '' 
 `` a nurse or doctor ? '' 
 `` a doctor . 
 the pack could do with a doctor of our own . 
 there 's not enough medical staff out there to deal with us . '' 
 he finished typing the email arranging a date suitable . 
 `` you 're meeting her in a week at the local diner ? '' 
 she covered his hand with her own . 
 `` yeah . 
 you 'll be coming with me . 
 as my mate you 're going to be helping me to build a healthier pack . '' 
 he pressed send and watched the email go . 
 turning his attention back to his woman , he slid his hand up to cup her breast . 
 `` that is if you still agree to be my mate . '' 
 he rubbed the tip of her nipple , watching her eyes dilate . 
 her wolf wanted to go out running , and she also wanted to f ** k. daniel would n't be f ** king his woman until he was ready . 
 `` i want to be your mate more than anything . '' 
 her hands wrapped around his wrist , but she did n't try to stop him from touching her . 
 with his other hand , he stroked the side of her body , loving the way goosebumps erupted along her flesh . 
 he saw her stomach tense , and he pulled her in front of him . 
 it did n't take him long to have her sat on his desk with her legs wide open . 
 `` you 're always spreading me open , '' she said , moaning . 
 he cupped her hot pu ** y , sliding a finger through her slit . 
 `` i 'm always going to find a reason to have you spread open for my pleasure , baby . 
 it 's never going to change . 
 you 're just going to have to get used to it . '' 
 daniel dropped his head , licking from the entrance of her pu ** y up to her clit . 
 `` no , daniel , sir , i need you inside me , please . 
 i love your tongue , but i need to feel you . '' 
 she tugged on his hair , stopping him from licking her . 
 getting to his feet , he stared down into her eyes . 
 `` you want my c ** k inside you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , please , sir , i need you . '' 
 she ran her hands down the front of his shirt moving to his cock . 
 he captured her hand stopping her from touching him . 
 he wanted inside her more than anything . 
 tugging his shirt over his head he threw the offending material away from him . 
 dawn clawed at his jeans , tearing open the button trying to get the jeans free . 
 he chuckled at her need for him . 
 his wolf was ready to take her and claim her for his own . 
 not yet . 
 we 'll claim her at the right time . 
 wrapping his arm around her back he drew her closer and slammed his lips down on hers . 
 she released his jeans , to grip his arms , moaning as he plundered her mouth with his tongue . 
 he moved down from her lips to her neck , sucking on the rapidly beating pulse . 
 daniel unbuttoned his jeans and shimmied them down his thighs . 
 his c ** k stood out , long , hard , and proud . 
 fisting his length , he worked down her body to suck onto each nipple . 
 her fingers sank into his hair , pushing her chest out toward him . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging . 
 daniel touched her pu ** y , pressing a finger deep into her core . 
 she gripped him tightly , and he pushed a second finger within her . 
 they both moaned as her pu ** y rippled around him . 
 he removed his finger , sucking the cream from it . 
 `` you taste so f ** king good . '' 
 gripping his shaft , he ran the tip through her slit , coating his c ** k with her cream . 
 only when he was satisfied that the length of him was coated did he slide to her entrance . 
 `` this may sting a little , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't feel pain , remember ? '' 
 she shot him a wicked smile . 
 pushing only the tip of his c ** k within her , he placed his hands on her hips . 
 `` still , you 're going to feel full . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 her tongue peeked out , begging to be sucked or bit . 
 `` how do you know you 're that big ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he smiled , and instead of answering her , he slammed to the hilt inside her , giving her all of him without letting up . 
 dawn cried out , arching up as he penetrated her pu ** y. staring down at where they were joined , he was amazed at how she opened up to take him . 
 his c ** k filled her tiny pu ** y. each ripple and pulse fluttered along his shaft . 
 he kissed her tits moving up to claim her mouth , which was open from the scream . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` i believe you 're that big . '' 
 she was the first woman to take the full length of his c ** k without complaint . 
 staring down at his woman , his mate , daniel was completely lost . 
 she was his other half , the woman by his side , and they 'd be strong together . 
 he loved her with all of his heart and soul . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he said , laying his claim . 
 he pressed a hand to her heart , feeling her beat . 
 `` i 'm going to claim you , and the pack is going to accept you as my mate . '' 
 `` yes , daniel . 
 my master . '' 
 he pulled out of her tight heat , watching his c ** k appear slick with her cream . 
 daniel did n't get all the way out of her until he was slamming back inside , relishing her sweet screams . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you so hard on this desk and then i 'm going to f ** k you all the way upstairs until we get to our bed . 
 i 'm going to love you for the rest of this day , and tonight , we 're going to run together . '' 
 he swiveled his hips , hitting the g-spot deep inside her . 
 their cries mingled on the air as he took her hard on the desk . 
 he sucked on her ni ** les before taking her lips with his . 
 `` touch me . '' 
 she gripped his arms tightly as he rode her body . 
 he wrapped his arms around her body and picked her up . 
 in the next second he had her pressed against the wall . 
 dawn held him tighter , and he took her lips , slamming his tongue into her mouth , matching the strokes of his c ** k in her pu ** y. being inside her was much better than he ever imagined . 
 **** dawn held onto her mate , the love of her life , as he drove inside her . 
 his thick c ** k filled her up , and there was no choice but for her to accept his loving . 
 she kissed him back , meeting his tongue with her own . 
 for a year you 've denied this . 
 she felt like an idiot for making them both wait . 
 they were more explosive than she ever imagined . 
 his nails sank into the flesh of her back , delighting her with the passion he was showing . 
 `` so f ** king close . '' 
 he plunged inside her . 
 she broke away from the kiss and rested her head against his neck . 
 dawn licked the flesh over his pulse as he rammed home , getting close to orgasm . 
 `` finger your clit , baby . 
 i need you to come . '' 
 she reached between her thighs and stroked her clit , crying out at the instant shot of pleasure that struck her . 
 pinching her clit , she bit down on his neck wanting to mark his pale skin . 
 `` that 's it , baby , leave your mark on my skin . '' 
 he rode her harder still . 
 he stroked her cl * t as she felt the beginning of her orgasm start to build . 
 releasing his neck , she threw her head back erupting onto his c ** k as her release crashed over her . 
 daniel growled , sealing his lips over her neck and biting down . 
 he broke the skin and started to swallow down her blood . 
 his cum filled her pu ** y along with his mating heat . 
 if any wolf was to get close to her now they 'd smell daniel all over her . 
 she cried out as he took enough of her blood so he smelled like her . 
 the start of their mating had just begun . 
 after several seconds passed , daniel released the bite , licking the wounds as he retracted his canine teeth . 
 she let out a sigh and rested her head on his chest , taking several deep breaths as she did . 
 `` there 's no stopping it now , baby . 
 we 're going to be together . '' 
 `` i 've got no problem with that . 
 i do n't think i can move , '' she said . 
 her head was swimming , and she moaned as her neck started to ache . 
 she pressed a hand to her neck groaning . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he asked , concern filling his voice . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she withdrew her hand to see some blood on her hands . 
 dawn frowned . 
 `` i think , i think it hurts . '' 
 she rubbed the blood between her fingers before going back to cup her neck . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 dawn winced as daniel moved , and his c ** k withdrew from her pu ** y. `` ow ! '' 
 her pu ** y was tender but in a nice way . 
 `` i think i can feel pain . '' 
 he took a step back , staring at her as she looked up at him . 
 daniel lowered her to her feet , and she would have collapsed in a heap if he had n't caught her . 
 `` you can feel pain ? 
 what hurts ? '' 
 he held her close to him and looked over her body , taking plenty of care as he touched her . 
 `` my neck , it stings where you bit me , and my pu ** y is a little tender . 
 could it be the mating or something else ? '' 
 she asked . 
 was the feeling temporary ? 
 she did n't care if it was temporary or not . 
 for the first time in over eleven years she felt something . 
 `` the mating has started , and you 're able to feel . 
 if we complete the mating it could help with your ability to feel pain , not that you want to feel too much pain . '' 
 daniel lifted her up in his arms and carried her upstairs toward their bedroom . 
 `` i thought we were going to f ** k our way up to our room , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` we 'll f ** k soon . 
 i want to take care of you first . 
 this is my right as your mate . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck , holding onto him . 
 `` you know , you do n't need to protect me from everything . 
 i 'm not that fragile . '' 
 he placed her on the bed and left her to go through to the bathroom . 
 she felt his cum leaking out of and stood up before she made a mess of the bed . 
 daniel appeared several seconds later with steam coming out of the bathroom . 
 `` our bath awaits . '' 
 again , he carried her through to the bathroom and eased her into the warm soapy water . 
 he climbed in beside her , wrapping his arms around her body . 
 she ended up in his lap with his flaccid c ** k resting between the cheeks of her ass . 
 `` i think you 're doing this on purpose , '' she said , leaning against him . 
 his rock hard body met her back , surrounding her . 
 his arms , twice the size of hers , wrapped around her body securing her to him . 
 `` i love you , baby , '' he said . 
 she gasped , glancing toward him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 i 'm in love with you and have been for a long time . 
 i not only want you as my mate , dawn , i want you as my wife . '' 
 he cupped her cheek , turning her to look at him . 
 `` tell me you 'll marry me . '' 
 his proposal took her by surprise . 
 `` you still want to marry me even knowing what you know about me ? '' 
 `` yes , baby . 
 i want to marry you . 
 not only do i want to marry you but i also want you to have my children and grow old with me . '' 
 he dropped a kiss to her nose . 
 his thumb stroked her cheek . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` i want to be your woman in every sense of the word . '' 
 dawn reached up to cup his cheek . 
 `` kiss me . '' 
 he leaned down , and she moved up to meet him half way . 
 when their lips locked , electricity ran up and down her body . 
 she was drawn to him , and her wolf wanted out to have a taste . 
 she spun in his arms deepening the kiss . 
 his hands held onto her back , and she opened her eyes to see their reflections in the mirror . 
 they were beautiful , or at least she thought they were beautiful together . 
 her darker skin stood out against his pale skin . 
 he was larger than she was , but together , the sight took her breath away . 
 daniel pulled away . 
 `` no , we 're not going to f ** k in the tub . 
 i 'm going to wash your body and then we 'll f ** k. '' he would n't budge even as she cupped his rock hard cock . 
 daniel slapped her hands away , warning her of a severe punishment if she did n't listen to him . 
 she enjoyed his attention and the way he bathed her . 
 the love he showed touched her deeply , and she never wanted it to end . 
 when he finished , he pulled out the plug and made her stand up . 
 he held a towel for her to step into . 
 `` i love you , sir . '' 
 `` you 're not getting my c ** k until i 'm good and ready . '' 
 they walked into the bedroom together . 
 daniel dried his body , and the sight of his muscles rippling was enough to make her mouth water . 
 he dried her body when he was finished with his own . 
 `` what 's going on in that head of yours ? '' 
 he asked , touching her body as he continued to use the towel . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm happy . 
 it has been so long since i 've been happy it just feels strange . 
 i 'm waiting for something bad to happen . '' 
 he caught her to him , pressing his forehead against hers . 
 `` i 'll never let anything bad happen to you . 
 you 're not going back home without me , especially if you can feel pain again . 
 you 're mated now , and your father 's got no excuse to keep you at him . '' 
 packs were more possessive of their children . 
 unless the children were mated , parents expected their children to stay close to home . 
 her mother could n't get rid of her without her father knowing the truth . 
 `` she wo n't harm me around my dad . '' 
 `` baby , you 've already told me more than once that he 's not always around . 
 i 'm not risking it . 
 we 'll go to your dad 's soon . '' 
 dawn wanted to go to her father right away with the news . 
 she did n't want to dispute or argue with daniel 's claiming . 
 the love she felt for him was consuming , soul deep , and that kind of love could n't be pushed aside for anything . 
 once her mother saw that she had no more hold over her , everything would be over . 
 daniel was her dom and master . 
 `` do you want to meet all of the pack before we go to your father 's or after ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` before . 
 we need to know they 're happy with you taking me as your mate . '' 
 `` i would n't care what they thought , dawn . 
 i care about my pack , but you 're my mate . 
 i 'm not going to let them decide for me . '' 
 he squeezed her ass . 
 `` now , before we go and get something to eat i 'm going to be inside you again . '' 
 with his grip on her ass , he lifted her up and tossed her to the bed . 
 she let out a little squeal , giggling as daniel followed her down . 
 `` now , i wonder if i can have you screaming in pleasure in no time . '' 
 she opened her legs not prepared to argue with his skill . 
 daniel skimmed his hands up the inside of her thighs to rest on her pu ** y . 
 he slid a finger within her core , spreading the digits out to stretch her . 
 dawn moaned , loving the thickness of his fingers but wishing it was his c ** k instead . 
 he moved from her cunt to stroke her clit . 
 she whimpered as the pleasure took her by surprise . 
 he 'd brought her to orgasm less than half an hour ago , and already she was begging for a second . 
 daniel showed no signs of slowing down . 
 his own orgasm of thirty minutes ago had n't stopped him from getting hard once again . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you hard and have you screaming my name . '' 
 he spoke the words as a promise more than anything else . 
 `` please , '' she said , begging him . 
 daniel pinched her cl * t with his nails , and the pain was instant as was her arousal . 
 she 'd never felt something so amazing before in her life as the jolt of pain enhancing the pleasure he was creating with his fingers . 
 `` you feel that ? '' 
 `` yes , do n't stop please . '' 
 one of his hands left her leg , and the next second she felt his c ** k at her entrance . 
 he eased the first inch within her as he pinched and tapped her clit . 
 `` you 're so f ** king tight , '' he said , growling the words against her lips . 
 he sucked her bottom lip into his mouth , biting on the flesh . 
 each little jolt of pain heightened her pleasure . 
 `` i can smell you , dawn . 
 you 're so aroused , and you can feel the pain . '' 
 `` yes , it feels so good . 
 please , do n't stop , sir . '' 
 she did n't mind begging so long as he never stopped what he was doing . 
 dawn did n't want this kind of pleasure to end . 
 he slammed within her and continued to pinch her clit . 
 she closed her eyes , relishing each new sensation as he f ** ked and loved her body hard . 
 she gripped his arms , wanting everything he had to offer . 
 mates , lovers , marriage . 
 she was going to have it all with him . 
 no more fear or worry when it came to her future and knowing that excited her . 
 she thrust up to meet him , f ** king his c ** k as he pounded inside her . 
 he released her cl * t to grip her hips . 
 there was nowhere else for her to go . 
 she rode him as hard as he rode her . 
 the connection between their wolves opened up , and dawn felt him . 
 it was the strangest experience in her life but she felt daniel , his wolf , his feelings . 
 `` i 've got you , baby . 
 do you feel that ? 
 our wolves crave each other the same way we do . 
 this is what was supposed to happen . '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , responding to his words . 
 their wolves were destined for each other . 
 she felt it deep in her soul . 
 daniel was n't only her mate , her master , and the man she loved , he was her soul mate , the one born to match her in all things . 
 when their orgasms came , it was explosive . 
 she wrapped her body around him , holding him tightly as their bodies pulsed together , awakened by their new connection for each other . 
 his cum filled her as she washed his c ** k with her own . 
 their minds mingled together , coming almost as one . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 she asked , feeling so much more from being with him . 
 `` we 're mating and bonding , baby . 
 this is what it means to be a true alpha couple . '' 
 she 'd found the one , and no matter what it took , dawn was never going to let him go . 
 chapter nine daniel watched as dawn blew across her coffee . 
 they were going out for a run shortly , but she 'd tried to swallow down the hot liquid he gave her . 
 she 'd screamed in pain and now was having to blow before sipping the steaming coffee . 
 their bond was helping to secure the feelings that had gotten lost during her transition . 
 `` what did your mom do to you during your first transition ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he was sitting on the table beside her , resting his feet on the chair as he stared . 
 `` i know you do n't want to remember those kinds of memories , but i think it will do you good . '' 
 she took another hesitant sip of her drink . 
 `` this is strange for me , '' she said . 
 `` i 've never had to be overly cautious before . 
 i like it . '' 
 he waited knowing it was taking her some time to compose herself . 
 `` dad was busy handling a pack dispute over some woman or something . 
 i do n't know exactly what , but he was n't around . 
 mom made some excuse , and i was taken into the woods where our pack is close . 
 all packs are near some areas that allow us to run freely . '' 
 the newly opened connection between them allowed him to sense the pain within her , the emotional pain she kept locked up when it came to her parent . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` before the transition happened she ordered everyone to stay clear of the woods because i was going to be there . 
 we were alone , and she chained me to a tree using thick silver chains . 
 the pain was unlike anything i can remember . 
 there were times i thought she hated me , and in that moment , i knew she did . 
 she despised me because i posed a threat to her . 
 i do n't know how or even why i posed a threat , but she made sure i knew how much she hated me . '' 
 she pushed some hair that had fallen off her face . 
 anger spread throughout him imagining a young , terrified girl as she was going through her first transition . 
 `` she kept me there , watching as my bones broke . 
 there was no help or comfort . 
 she watched , taunting me and my wolf , breaking me down . 
 i do n't know why she was so determined to make my wolf terrified of her . '' 
 `` did your mother win her role within the pack , or was it natural ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` she fought to be the strongest female , and she trains daily to make sure no one can defeat her . '' 
 he rubbed his temples . 
 `` in rare cases a young wolf born to an alpha male and a strong female can inherit alpha traits that mean when she 's fully transitioned , her wolf will fight to take her place as head alpha female or could even be voted to take the place as alpha female . 
 in some packs , the alpha pair does n't have to be mated . '' 
 `` you think my mom was scared of this and so she scared my wolf to submission ? '' 
 `` you 're a natural submissive , but your wolf is strong . 
 i 've felt her even though she 's been squashed for some time . 
 i think your mother was determined to break your spirit from the start . 
 it would be humiliating for her if her daughter had a natural higher rank within the pack . '' 
 he wanted to hurt this woman , break her down and hurt her just like she 'd hurt his woman . 
 `` i was n't allowed food or water . 
 she beat me with chains as i transitioned . 
 each time my wolf appeared she 'd beat me . 
 it was like a constant punishment . 
 if i did n't turn , she beat me , and once my wolf came out , she beat it . 
 i did n't know what to do . '' 
 when he met this woman it was going to take all of his strength not to kill her . 
 `` around day four of the transition my father was getting nervous . 
 i sensed him close , but i could n't beg him for help . 
 i heard my mother consoling him , acting like the caring mother . 
 when she came back , she knew it was over . 
 i 'd finally transitioned , and something snapped in my head . 
 the chains she was using no longer hurt . 
 she hit me , but it did n't hurt . '' 
 sweat dotted dawn 's forehead , and he used a clean towel to wipe her brow . 
 `` nothing is going to hurt you here , baby . 
 i 'm here , and i 'm never letting another person come near you . '' 
 `` i was scared of her , and i did n't say anything . 
 my dad asked about the turning , and i stayed quiet . 
 my mother would find times when i let my guard down and she 'd hurt me , or at least believe she hurt me . '' 
 he tightened his hands into fists thinking of all the ways dawn had been hurt . 
 `` what was the worst ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` three years ago , i was making dinner for dad , but he had to go out . 
 she accused me of trying to take her spot , and she grabbed my arm . 
 before i could stop her , she forced my hand into the boiling water . '' 
 dawn smiled even as her eyes filled with tears . 
 `` i sickened her . 
 she expected me to scream . 
 i knew something was wrong as i did n't feel anything and yet my skin was growing tight . 
 my mom backed off , and i withdrew my hand . 
 it was red , scalded , but i was healing . 
 i heal so quickly . 
 i remember her asking me what the hell i was . '' 
 he took hold of her hand , offering her comfort when she did n't need it . 
 `` i did n't respond , but i asked her what else she wanted to do to me seeing as i no longer felt anything she did . '' 
 `` stubborn even to a woman who could have hurt you . '' 
 he cupped her cheek , caressing her with his thumb . 
 `` you 've got to learn to take care of yourself . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to say anything . 
 the words slipped out , and the next thing i knew , she did n't want me at home . 
 she made life uncomfortable but made sure none of the pack wanted to be around me . 
 my father is so busy , and he does n't see what 's going on , but he told her i was n't going anywhere until i was mated . '' 
 he could n't bear to hear her say anything more . 
 wrapping his arms around her , he kissed the top of her head . 
 `` my pack will love you , and i promise you , you 'll want for nothing . '' 
 `` i love you , daniel . 
 i do n't care about what the pack thinks . '' 
 the sun was setting outside , and he wanted her to see the beauty of his land . 
 `` come on , '' he said , taking her hand . 
 he led the way out to the night . 
 they were both na ** d as they walked together . 
 they were going to face the world together , and the pack was going to love her . 
 when he opened the connection he had with the pack , he sensed their curiosity about her . 
 jake was finally accepting her within their pack and had called him to voice his acceptance of his mate . 
 daniel was proud of the pack he ran with . 
 none of them knew the true pain dawn had gone through to make it here . 
 staring at the sunset , he was more interested in looking at dawn . 
 her brown hair was pulled up on top of her head . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your house is truly beautiful . 
 this is a dream . 
 i always had this dream growing up of something like this . 
 do you think it was fate , giving me hope to fight back ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what it is , but i 'm so pleased you listened and did n't give in . '' 
 he squeezed her hand a little tighter . 
 `` i 'll never give in . 
 i 'm a lot stronger than i look . '' 
 she squeezed him back . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he took the lead , walking toward the forest . 
 the full moon was high in the sky , and the need to change was strong . 
 he held it off , determined to ease dawn into their first change together . 
 `` do you want to do it in private ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no need . 
 turning into a wolf has n't hurt me since that first time . '' 
 she released his hand , standing away from him . 
 he watched in amazement as her body changed and within seconds a black , cute wolf stared back at him . 
 daniel did n't waste any time turning into his dark amber wolf . 
 `` nice , '' dawn said , admiring him . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd be that big . '' 
 `` baby , you 've not seen anything yet . '' 
 she bumped him playfully before taking off for the forest . 
 `` alpha , i can feel her . 
 she 's strong . '' 
 the thought came from jake who was not far from the house . 
 the pack was out in force , but he 'd ordered them to stay away from the house . 
 he was keeping dawn close to the house , and he did n't want any of them scaring her . 
 they were a new pack to her , and he wanted them in human form to meet her . 
 `` she 's far more than just strong . 
 she 's perfect , and she 's going to be my mate . '' 
 `` the pack is behind you . 
 we 'll protect her and you . 
 we 're all keeping our distance . '' 
 daniel took off , following his woman deep into the forest . 
 she was playing with him . 
 he smelled her happiness on the air . 
 `` i can hear you , '' he said . 
 `` you can hear my thoughts , but can you find me ? '' 
 `` are you challenging me , pet ? '' 
 `` you 're not my dom here . '' 
 `` i 'm your alpha . '' 
 `` then catch me , alpha . 
 show me who 's boss . '' 
 he ran through some trees knowing she was close . 
 the scent of her intensified , getting stronger with every step he took . 
 `` got you . '' 
 dawn leapt at him , but he sensed where she was . 
 he caught her , taking her to the floor beneath him . 
 `` no , pet , i 've got you like i 've always got you . '' 
 he licked her nuzzle . 
 `` ew , gross . '' 
 he chuckled and released her , watching her get to her feet . 
 together they ran around the forest , taking in the full moon together . 
 `` i can feel your pack . 
 i know they 're here . '' 
 daniel paused , staring at her . 
 `` i do n't mind . 
 this is their forest . 
 are they happy i 'm here ? '' 
 she could n't sense their acceptance because she was part of another pack . 
 when they finished their mating , she 'd only be able to sense his own pack rather than her father 's . 
 `` jake says so . 
 i want you to meet the pack when you 're ready . '' 
 `` then we should call them to meet us at the house tomorrow . 
 i 'd love to meet them to see if they 'll accept me into their fold . '' 
 daniel growled . 
 `` they 'll accept you because i f ** king tell them to . '' 
 `` that 's not how it works , and you know it . '' 
 he leapt into the air , catching her on the floor once again . 
 daniel turned back into a human as did dawn turned back as well . 
 she was laughing at him . 
 `` you caught me again , sir . '' 
 `` you better believe it . '' 
 `` so are we going to complete the mating today ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the mark on her neck had faded a little . 
 he wanted that mark to last for others to see his claim . 
 the only way for that mark to stay was for her to lay her mark on his flesh at the same time . 
 they were true mates , and all it would take was one time . 
 their mating would cause pain and pleasure , coming together in an explosion . 
 the connection to her old pack would be severed , and the pack would feel dawn as his woman , part of his pack . 
 `` what if i ca n't feel pain anymore ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i do n't care , dawn . 
 i 'll have you feeling pain or not . 
 you 're perfect to me , and i love you with all my heart . '' 
 he brought her hand to his chest . 
 `` it 's never going to change and neither are my feelings for you . 
 are you ready to become my mate ? 
 your father will feel you being torn from him . '' 
 she was silent for several seconds . 
 `` yes , i 'm ready to become yours in all ways possible . '' 
 she leaned up and kissed him . 
 `` we 'll have to deal with your father . '' 
 `` i do n't care , daniel , so long as i 'm with you and you remain my master . 
 i 'm ready to move on and leave my old pack behind . '' 
 sitting up , he pulled her to straddle him . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist , and he placed a hand to her back . 
 his c ** k was ready to be inside her . 
 `` you 're the one in control , '' he said , leaving the claiming up to her . 
 **** dawn gripped the base of his c ** k and slowly lowered herself over his rock hard length . 
 she felt every inch of him sinking inside her , and she took her time to take all of him . 
 once every inch was inside her , she blew out a breath and stared into his eyes . 
 the dark amber of his eyes flashed showing how close his wolf was to the surface . 
 `` be careful , baby , i 'm holding on by a thread . '' 
 `` then hold on because i do n't intend for this to last very long . '' 
 she squeezed his c ** k with her pu ** y walls , kissing his lips then sliding down to suck on his pulse . 
 daniel did the same to her , and they touched each other . 
 the moon shone down through the clouds , shining on them . 
 the power of the moon had goosebumps erupting over her flesh as she felt the claiming start to take over . 
 her teeth turned , sharpening into canines . 
 she sank her teeth into his neck tasting his blood flowing into her mouth . 
 dawn cried out as he struck hard , sinking his teeth into her neck . 
 the mating scent came from him , swirling around them as they drank and f ** ked . 
 the hands at her back held her tighter . 
 the combination of pleasure and pain took over coming faster than ever before . 
 she closed her eyes trying to ride the pleasure as much as the pain . 
 `` hey , baby , i 'm here . '' 
 the final link to daniel 's pack opened up . 
 she felt the sudden excruciating pain as she was torn from her father 's hold . 
 dawn felt her father wake up as she pulled away from him . 
 she went willingly into daniel 's pack , feeling his love and warmth fill her where her father 's pack never had . 
 he f ** ked her hard , and she retracted her teeth , moaning as his c ** k filled her . 
 `` i 'm not going to last , baby . '' 
 `` i do n't care . 
 fuck me . '' 
 she reached down , stroking her cl * t as daniel grunted . 
 he released a howl out into the night , and his call was answered by several more . 
 his pack had gained a new member , and in doing so , he 'd gained a mate . 
 their release mingled on the air . 
 the pain of his mark along with the pleasure of his cum filled her . 
 `` i can feel pain , '' she said , chuckling . 
 dawn collapsed against him , exhausted from the heat of the claiming . 
 `` your cell phone is going to be buzzing . 
 your father 's not going to be happy i 've taken you away . '' 
 she smiled against his chest . 
 `` i 'm so happy . 
 i 've never been this happy before . '' 
 `` good , you 're going to learn to be happier . '' 
 he stroked her back , and when he lay down , she went with him . 
 his c ** k stayed still within her . 
 `` i do n't want to move from this spot . '' 
 `` neither do i. '' he cupped the back of her neck then glided down to grip her ass . 
 `` we 're safe here until morning . '' 
 `` you do n't have any poachers ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't have anything that will put you at risk . 
 jake will take care of us . '' 
 `` you 're so sure of that ? '' 
 `` jake promised to take care of both of us . 
 he 's never backed down from a promise . '' 
 he kissed her cheek . 
 `` i ca n't move right now . 
 i never knew a mating would be like this . '' 
 `` i can feel you , daniel . '' 
 `` and i can feel you . 
 we 'll deal with everything else in the morning . 
 for now , i just want to hold and love you . '' 
 she kept her head on his chest staring at the forest floor . 
 the smells and sounds comforted her . 
 time passed , and throughout it all , daniel held her . 
 they did n't speak as words were not necessary . 
 slowly , she felt her eyes begin to droop as sleep started to claim her . 
 the next thing dawn knew it was light , and she opened her eyes to find a rabbit staring at her . 
 she smiled at seeing the cute forest animal . 
 `` i remember a time when rabbits would run away scared of me , '' daniel said . 
 his voice vibrated through her body . 
 `` he 's a cutie pie . '' 
 `` if he does n't move he 's going to end up in a pie . '' 
 she jerked up and slapped at his chest . 
 `` do n't be rude . '' 
 the action finally alarmed the rabbit , and he took off . 
 smiling , dawn looked down at her mate . 
 blood covered some of his chest from her bite . 
 she 'd not been the best marker . 
 glancing at the front of her body , she frowned . 
 `` ew , i look like i 've been a round with a vampire and lost . '' 
 she looked a mess and hated to think what she looked like in the mirror . 
 there were small bruises on her h * ps that had n't disappeared . 
 `` our mating marks will last longer . 
 the bite on your neck will remain permanently . 
 the bruises will fade in a few hours . '' 
 `` i do n't care how long they last . 
 i love having your mark on my body . '' 
 throughout the night his c ** k had slipped free of her pu ** y , but he was newly rock hard . 
 `` i think we can start the morning off well , '' she said , rubbing his nose with her own . 
 `` i would n't , '' another man said , coming from the left . 
 she frowned , trying to place his voice as she did n't recognize it . 
 `` what is it , jake ? '' 
 daniel asked , pulling her down to him . 
 `` the pack is waiting to meet your mate . 
 they 're all at the house . 
 also , her cell phone has been going off throughout the night . '' 
 her cell phone was tossed close to her on the forest floor . 
 she glanced at it , and it started to buzz . 
 picking the phone up , she flicked it open to see `` daddy calling '' on the screen . 
 `` i better answer this . '' 
 she sat on his waist and accepted the call . 
 `` i do n't care what you say , francie , i 'm talking to her , '' her father said , talking to her mom . 
 `` hey , dad , '' she said , staring into daniel 's eyes . 
 he helped to ease her troubled thoughts . 
 `` honey , what the hell is going on ? 
 i ca n't feel you anymore . 
 i do n't understand what 's going on ? '' 
 she tucked some hair behind her ear as daniel took hold of her hand , stopping her . 
 `` i 've , erm , i 've found my mate . '' 
 she smiled down at daniel , loving the fact she was mated . 
 `` his name is daniel , and he 's the man i 've been staying with . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you did n't tell me you were seeing anyone . 
 who is this daniel ? '' 
 `` he 's probably some weakling , don . 
 let her go . '' 
 her mother spoke up trying to be heard . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 her father growled at her mother . 
 dawn winced knowing her mother would find some excuse to blame her . 
 `` dawn , what 's going on ? '' 
 `` daniel 's an alpha , dad . 
 we 're mated , and we completed the mating last night . 
 he really wants to meet you . '' 
 she kept her palm over daniel 's heart , feeling it beat . 
 `` he 's an alpha ? '' 
 her father asked . 
 she noticed her mother went silent . 
 `` yeah , he 's perfect , and i love him . '' 
 daniel took the phone from her . 
 `` this is daniel . 
 it 's a pleasure to finally hear from you , mr. weldon . 
 i 've got some issues i want to talk to you about . '' 
 `` be careful how you talk to me , boy . '' 
 she listened as her father growled back at daniel . 
 it was strange hearing her father annoyed or arguing with another alpha . 
 she was rarely around for his anger . 
 `` we 're going to meet . 
 dawn and i are coming to your pack this afternoon , and we 're going to deal with shit i 'm not happy about . '' 
 daniel pressed a finger to her lips to stop her from arguing with him . 
 `` good , i 'll see you there . '' 
 `` why did you do that ? 
 daddy does n't need to know what 's going on . '' 
 `` as far as i 'm concerned , he needs to know . 
 what if she 's hurting other members of the pack ? 
 she kept you quiet , and you 're the only daughter to the alpha . 
 you do n't know what she 'll do next . '' 
 he cupped her cheek then kissed her lips . 
 `` come on , we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 `` i brought you some clothes . 
 you both look like you stepped out of a horror movie . '' 
 clothes landed on the floor beside them . 
 jake sounded close by . 
 `` you better keep your eyes to yourself , '' daniel said , shouting toward his left . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 your mate 's dignity is still intact . '' 
 jake moved away from them . 
 daniel helped her to her feet . 
 she took his hands , going on her toes to kiss him . 
 `` you 're turning into a softie , baby . 
 i do n't even recognize my little submissive . '' 
 `` she 's still here , but she might not like a lot of pain . '' 
 she could n't help but smile at her statement . 
 the weight of the world had been lifted off her shoulders all because of daniel . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll take you any way i can get you , and if that means i can only spank you three times instead of four then that 's what i 'll do . '' 
 he cupped the back of her neck and tugged her close . 
 she loved his possessive display and the way he held her . 
 `` alpha , we 're all waiting , '' jake said . 
 daniel pressed his head against hers . 
 `` we 're going to have to go . '' 
 `` yeah and we ca n't even enjoy our time together seeing as you organized a meeting with my dad . '' 
 she shook her head , pulling out of his arms to grab a shirt . 
 dawn put the clothes over her body hating the feel of the clothes . 
 it had been days since she last wore any clothes . 
 `` you want to be naked , do n't you ? '' 
 daniel asked , smirking . 
 `` you did this on purpose . '' 
 `` baby , i 'll do whatever it takes to get you na ** d and have you doing it willingly . '' 
 he took her hand once they were dressed . 
 `` let 's go and see the rest of the pack . '' 
 jake appeared through the trees looking tired . 
 `` you stayed up all night ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` daniel wanted you protected , and i promised to do so . '' 
 jake walked beside them out toward the garden . 
 dawn gasped as she saw all of the cars parked within the grounds . 
 she heard the sounds of the pack inside the house . 
 how was this going to go well ? 
 her mother despised her , her own father did n't see when she was in pain or not , and the only person who truly loved her was daniel . 
 `` what if they do n't like me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` they 'll like you , baby , because you make me happy . '' 
 he stayed by her side as they both walked into the house . 
 the pack all stopped what they were doing and started to converge on the main hall . 
 she took several deep breaths , wishing there was some way to escape from this . 
 all eyes were on her and daniel . 
 he stood beside her , lifting up their joined hands for them all to see . 
 `` i would like to introduce you all to my mate . 
 this is dawn , and she 's part of our pack now . 
 she 's my mate , and any problems you have , you 'll come to one of us . 
 do any of you have any concerns , questions , or desire to challenge ? '' 
 she tensed as he threw it out there for all of them to think about . 
 her palm grew sweaty as she looked at all the men and women . 
 they truly scared the life out of her . 
 if they all protested there was no way for her to fight them off . 
 `` actually , can anyone tell me where the sugar is ? 
 i ca n't eat my cereal without sugar . 
 it 's too gross . '' 
 `` yeah , where 's the spaghetti sauce ? 
 we 're all here and ready to get back to normal , alpha . '' 
 many people started asking questions about something else . 
 daniel chuckled . 
 `` everything you need is either in the kitchen or the pantry . '' 
 he rubbed her neck , and she groaned . 
 the pack started to move out of the room . 
 `` alpha , we 're happy for you . '' 
 they were left alone . 
 even jake had wandered off , leaving them . 
 `` see , i told you . 
 you 're going to be loved here . 
 now , it 's time for us to go and check out your pack . '' 
 he kissed her cheek , taking hold of her hand and leading her upstairs . 
 she went with him willingly . 
 chapter ten later that evening daniel sat opposite dawn 's father and mother . 
 he was struck by how cold the house was . 
 not only was the house cold but so was the pack . 
 the chill filled the room , and it was all coming from one woman , her mother . 
 he watched don , her father , embrace her . 
 `` honey , i missed you , darling . '' 
 he kissed her cheek , hugging her close . 
 this man was so busy he did n't even see what was happening to his own pack . 
 the excuse was pitiful at best . 
 dawn had been subjected to pain and torture because of her mother . 
 `` hey , daddy , '' dawn said , smiling . 
 she did n't look toward her mother , and neither did her father . 
 `` you 're all mated now . 
 wow , when did you grow up ? 
 it does n't feel ten minutes ago since you were born . '' 
 don held her hand , the love shining from his eyes as he looked at her . 
 `` when i felt you being torn from me , i panicked . 
 i 've never experienced anything so awful . '' 
 `` don , please , she 's a big girl . 
 it 's time to let her go . 
 you should have let her go a long time ago , '' francie said . 
 her mother was glaring at dawn . 
 daniel saw the anger , the fear , and the disgust within her mother 's eyes . 
 there was also envy along with jealousy . 
 so many emotions coming from her mother but she was n't a true alpha , as otherwise she 'd have kept those emotions locked up tight . 
 `` stop it , francie . '' 
 don glared at her , but the smile returned to his face when he looked at his daughter . 
 `` you 're always so busy with the pack , daddy . 
 you never really saw i was growing up . '' 
 `` no , i did n't see a lot , did i ? 
 there are times i feel like i lost time with you , honey . 
 i 'm going to miss you . '' 
 he turned to look at daniel . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'll let her visit me often , would you ? 
 i 'm going to miss my baby . '' 
 daniel tensed , seeing the glee in francie 's eyes . 
 yeah , he was n't going to be letting his woman anywhere near this bitch . 
 `` i ca n't allow her to come here unattended , don . 
 i 'm sure you can understand seeing as her tormentor and abuser is still living here . '' 
 `` daniel ! '' 
 he held his hand up stopping dawn from speaking . 
 `` no , baby , you 're not going to let her get away with this shit for much longer . 
 i 'm done and i can see he loves you very much , but i 'm not going to let her get away with it . '' 
 francie started to panic . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? 
 my daughter has never been abused . '' 
 don growled the words , getting to his feet . 
 `` your wife , your mate , she 's the reason your daughter has been unable to feel any kind of pain . 
 she tortured her during her transition , keeping her chained to trees and beating her when she turned . 
 your mate tried to break my woman , and for that reason , i ca n't let her come here while you still have her . '' 
 he pointed his finger at francie . 
 `` you ca n't do this ! '' 
 francie started to scream . 
 `` you little bitch . 
 you could n't keep your mouth f ** king shut . '' 
 her mother charged toward dawn . 
 his mate did n't move , twitch , or show any sign of fear . 
 before francie got close , don grabbed her around the waist . 
 `` is this true ? 
 did you abuse our daughter ? '' 
 he shook his wife , glaring down at her . 
 `` she deserved it . 
 the little bitch was always getting in to trouble and always running to you . 
 she needed to know her place . 
 this is not her pack . 
 it 's mine . 
 fucking mine . '' 
 `` her transition was her most important time . 
 how could you hurt our child , our daughter ? 
 what the f ** k is wrong with you ? '' 
 don 's anger filled the room . 
 daniel wondered if he knew what was going on in his own pack . 
 `` she was just a way of getting you . 
 you would n't have looked at me twice if i did n't get f ** king pregnant . 
 the only reason i 've got you is because i was f ** king pregnant . '' 
 she spat the words back at don . 
 `` this is my pack . 
 being your mate is my f ** king right . 
 she held alpha qualities . 
 the moment you and the pack saw that , they 'd have cast me aside . 
 i was n't going to let that happen . 
 bitch needed to be put in her place . '' 
 the bile coming from her sickened daniel , and he had his answer . 
 dawn was a submissive , but she held the traits that only an alpha possessed . 
 `` you 're not my f ** king mate . '' 
 don released her and stood . 
 `` all claim i have to you is over . 
 i refuse to take a mate who can abuse my own daughter . '' 
 don turned to look at dawn . 
 `` is all of this true ? '' 
 `` yes , '' dawn said , whispering the word . 
 `` she 's no daughter of mine . 
 she 's a f ** king slut . 
 i hate her . 
 it 's not fair . 
 she does n't deserve to have an alpha . '' 
 suddenly , one woman entered the room . 
 daniel did n't have a clue who she was . 
 `` i would like to make a formal complaint about your mate . '' 
 the woman dropped her gaze . 
 she was fidgeting with her hands . 
 daniel watched in amazement as three more women he did n't know entered the room . 
 `` the first woman is leah . 
 she cooks for us , '' dawn said , whispering against his ear . 
 daniel did n't know what to make of it as he listened to several women speak against francie . 
 francie was cursing , trying to get to the women . 
 don yelled out as he restrained his mate in his arms . 
 daniel watched three men walk into the room . 
 `` take her to the basement . 
 i want her locked in and make sure no one lets her out . 
 i will not have any woman by my side who abuses her own daughter . '' 
 don 's alpha power stripped francie of her status , tearing her will from the pack . 
 `` we 'll be talking with everyone in the pack . 
 i know you were hard on the pack , and i want to know the extent of your supposed help . 
 if you 're lucky , you 'll end up in jail , and if not , you 'll be sent on the hunt . '' 
 the hunt was a pack 's right to hunt the person who tortured them . 
 dawn tightened her hold on his hand . 
 he turned to look at her . 
 she did n't want to take part in any hunt or decision when it came to her mother . 
 the rest of the meeting with her father went by with him asking dawn questions about what happened when she was younger . 
 after a couple of hours dawn took the lead and told him they had to leave . 
 daniel promised to let dawn visit with her father regularly , but he also made sure she would have a guard with her . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that , '' dawn said , climbing into the car . 
 `` why did you say anything ? '' 
 `` baby , i saw the glee in her eyes . 
 she was going to hurt you whenever you were around her . 
 i was n't going to let that happen . '' 
 he pulled away from the pack , happy that francie was not going to get the chance to hurt anyone else . 
 `` i ca n't believe daddy did that , '' she said . 
 `` i thought he loved her . '' 
 `` no , he did n't . 
 she was a convenience for him , nothing more . '' 
 daniel drove back home . 
 once inside the grounds , he felt the love of his pack surround him . 
 glancing at dawn , he smiled . 
 `` do you feel it ? '' 
 `` yes , i feel them . 
 they 're all happy for us . 
 there 's no jealousy . 
 this is the way a pack is supposed to work . '' 
 she leaned her head against the car seat . 
 `` i love you , daniel . '' 
 `` baby , words ca n't even begin to describe what i feel for you . '' 
 he reached out to touch her cheek . 
 `` we 're going to have an amazing life together . '' 
 `` do you promise ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i wo n't accept anything but amazing . '' 
 **** jake knocked on the window of the car causing her to jump . 
 she 'd been so taken by daniel she had n't heard anyone approach . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 daniel asked , opening his car door . 
 `` i 've got a mated couple in your sitting room . 
 she was abused during her transition and was unable to feel pain . 
 you wanted someone for dawn to talk to , and i 've found her . '' 
 jake tapped the hood of the car . 
 `` come on , they 're waiting to talk to you . '' 
 intrigued , dawn climbed out of the car and followed daniel inside the house . 
 she was about to meet someone who could n't feel any pain . 
 after what her father did to her mother , she did n't know if she was ready for anymore revelations . 
 her mate would n't let her back out , and before she knew it they were in the sitting room being introduced to a beautiful blonde woman and her mate . 
 `` hi , i 'm lola , and this is my mate , ben . '' 
 the blonde made the introductions , giving them both a smile . 
 dawn noticed lola did n't spend too long noticing daniel . 
 she did n't like the thought of dealing with jealousy . 
 `` it 's great to meet you , lola . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 when jake put the word out about wolves who could n't feel pain , i knew i had to respond . '' 
 taking a seat , dawn crossed her legs and stared at lola . 
 `` you ca n't feel pain . 
 please , have a seat . '' 
 she waved her hands for them to take a seat opposite them . 
 daniel placed his hand along the back of the sofa , comforting her with his warmth . 
 `` i was n't very lucky with my parents . 
 my father was a mean drunk , and my mother did n't care . 
 i was hurt regularly growing up . '' 
 ben moved in close to rub his nose against lola 's cheek . 
 `` during my transition i was beaten because i could n't leave the house to get food or alcohol for my father . 
 it was the worst time of my life . '' 
 lola rubbed her hands down her thighs . 
 `` when it was all over everything returned to normal , but i noticed something was wrong about three days afterward . 
 i got my dad the wrong brand of cigarettes , and he started to , erm , to hurt me . 
 i could n't feel anything . 
 the pain , it was n't registering . 
 it has been over fifteen years since my transition . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 dawn asked . 
 `` i ran away from home . 
 dad started to notice that i would n't scream when he broke something . 
 i could n't feel anything . 
 i was closed off , trapped , and there was nothing i could do to stop those feelings . 
 i heard him arranging a fight for me to star in . 
 a bloody battle to the death . 
 i knew my time was going to be short lived . 
 i took the savings i 'd gotten and left . '' 
 lola chuckled , tears filling her eyes as she spoke . 
 `` i ended up on the streets because i did n't have enough money . 
 before i knew what was happening , i 'd entered myself into the illegal fights . 
 i fought fellow wolves or humans . 
 i 've killed a lot of people , and it was during a bad battle that i met ben . '' 
 she smiled at ben . 
 `` i 'm an alpha , and i intended to put an end to it . 
 the moment i saw lola i knew she was my mate . 
 i also knew there was something different about her , '' ben said . 
 `` he took me home , and within a week we were mated . 
 we could n't control the mating bond . '' 
 lola stroked his face . 
 `` afterward , i noticed i could feel pain . '' 
 lola turned to look at dawn . 
 `` if i go without sharing blood for any length of time then i my ability to feel pain stops . 
 it all depends on my bond with ben . '' 
 lola touched her mate . 
 the love between the two was pure , heart-warming . 
 `` has anything been different between you two ? 
 what about kids ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 ben 's grin turned wicked . 
 `` we 've got four kids back home . 
 her condition came in handy during the labor . 
 once you 're with her during the first pregnancy , you 'll see what i mean . 
 i wo n't share blood with her for two months before giving birth . 
 i could n't stand to see her in pain . '' 
 `` he 's a real softy inside . 
 ben wo n't let anything happen to me . '' 
 lola turned back to look at them . 
 `` my condition is not a problem , and it wo n't be for you either . 
 you 're true mates , and he 'll keep you safe . '' 
 dawn looked at daniel , the love of her life . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 lola and ben stayed for dinner , but they needed to get back in order to keep their kids under some kind of control . 
 `` they run rings around the pack taking care of them . '' 
 dawn stood beside daniel as they waved goodbye . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see you swollen with my child . '' 
 his hands went around her neck , securing a collar . 
 `` dawn , would you do me the honor of becoming my wife and sub ? '' 
 reaching up , she touched the small piece of jewelry . 
 turning into his arms , she held him tightly , smiling . 
 `` nothing would give me greater pleasure . '' 
 she rubbed her nose against his , chuckling as she did . 
 daniel picked her up , but instead of leading her into the house , he started to walk toward the cabin . 
 `` what do you have on your mind , sir ? '' 
 she asked . 
 heat filled her core , spilling from the lips of her pu ** y. `` you know what i 'm thinking . 
 it 's time i punished my little pet before she thinks she can top from the bottom . '' 
 he placed her on her feet and turned the light on . 
 peace and happiness settled over her . 
 going to her knees , dawn was ready to become his submissive in all true senses of the word . 
 epilogue two years later dawn sat on the lawn , sucking on a lollipop as daniel started to bark out orders to the pack . 
 a delivery of nursery equipment was coming today , and he wanted plenty of men on hand to help build it up . 
 there was over seven months until she gave birth , but he was preparing early . 
 she rubbed her slight bump , chuckling . 
 `` you 're going to be one loved kid , '' she said . 
 in the past two years her life had changed so dramatically . 
 her mother had been sentenced to the hunt . 
 no one , not even dawn , knew the true extent of her torture . 
 she 'd hurt many of the pack women on a regular basis , but they had been too afraid to go to don . 
 since then , her father has been paying more attention to the people rather than the running of the pack to avoid wars . 
 she visited him often but only with a guard . 
 touching the collar around her neck , she could n't help but smile . 
 daniel was the perfect dom , caring , and loving . 
 she loved being his mate , and since their mating , she 'd been able to feel . 
 she learned the hard way not to swallow steaming coffee . 
 now , at breakfast , daniel would n't give her straight from the pot coffee . 
 he helped her constantly to grow accustomed to actually feeling pain . 
 `` what are you laughing at , pet ? '' 
 he asked , sitting beside her . 
 taking a slice of apple from the picnic basket , she moved between his thighs . 
 `` you and your need to have everything perfect . '' 
 she moaned as he started to rub her shoulders . 
 `` that feels good . '' 
 he kissed her neck . 
 `` there 'll be more where that came from . '' 
 daniel pressed a hand to her stomach . 
 `` i 'm going to make sure you 're taken care of , dawn . 
 if that means being prepared for the worst , then so be it . '' 
 `` you 've got three pack females training to be midwives . 
 they 've got more important things to do . 
 i 'm not giving birth here . 
 i 'm going to the nearest hospital to bring this little guy into the world . '' 
 `` what makes you think it 's a boy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a feeling . '' 
 she leaned back and smiled up at him . 
 `` his daddy needs him to train . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i do n't care what we have so long as you 're here for the growing up . '' 
 she kissed his lips as the truck arrived bringing the furniture . 
 `` i 'll leave you to do your man thing . '' 
 `` your ass is so getting a spanking . '' 
 daniel left her on the lawn to go and organize their nursery . 
 staring up into the sunlight , dawn could n't complain about life . 
 she 'd gone from feeling ashamed and scared , to embracing every little detail thrown her way . 
 later that night , daniel had showed her who was in charge of their relationship . 
 he strapped her to the bed and spanked her ass until she was screaming for his cock . 
 it did n't matter how much she begged , daniel would only stop when he was good and ready . 
 seven months later , dawn did n't get her wish of going to the hospital . 
 little brady came into the world , screaming , like his mother . 
 she 'd decided she wanted to feel every little second of pain of his birth . 
 daniel held her hand throughout it all . 
 once brady was in her arms , the pain was worth it . 
 however , for the second child , dawn settled on feeling no pain during her daughter 's birth , and daniel was more than happy with that . 
 the end 
