 one **** `` strip . '' 
 i met his steely blue gaze instantly . 
 there was lust flickering there , dancing in his eyes . 
 my heart sprang to my throat as i quivered with excitement . 
 the fact that we were on the terrace , mid morning , and had literally just been talking about work barely entered my mind . 
 jacob whitmore was a man who got what he wanted . 
 and he wanted to see all of me . 
 now . 
 it had been a year since he took me into that stairwell ; a year since the billionaire dom had awoken the secret desires inside me . 
 the days melted into weeks that poured into months , but i felt the same electric need , turning me inside out . 
 one word . 
 strip . 
 i rose to my feet , drinking in his handsome , stoic face . 
 he was forged from marble and stone , perfection and power in the flesh . 
 he 'd uttered a single word and the rest of the world was forgotten . 
 i uttered two : `` yes sir . '' 
 i had no time to run through the kinky possibilities that awaited me . 
 a smile fluttered across my lips as i fingered the silk knot of my robe . 
 i had no choice but to obey . 
 it was my destiny to be jacob 's . 
 it felt like a lifetime since he 'd first commanded my body like it was made for him , and him alone . 
 but i still came alive just like it was the first time he had dominated me . 
 i was captured by his piercing blue gaze and i shed my robe . 
 he saw it all-the thickness of my thighs and softness in my middle that long hours at whitmore and creighton and a fondness for white chocolate mochas had spawned . 
 yet he still looked at me like i was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen . 
 he looked at me like i was his fairytale ending . 
 his eyebrow arched , and the longing in his eyes became lethal . 
 those delicious lips of his became a tight line of impatience . 
 geez . 
 we were out on the balcony at 11am on a bright saturday morning . 
 i was his , in body , heart , and name-but i still felt those invisible eyes burning as hot as the sun . 
 after all this time he still made me feel weak in the knees and like a hot mess . 
 there were moments that i still felt like i was tripping in my heels in that lobby . 
 completely out of my league in the presence of the hottest man alive . 
 but i kept that to myself . 
 he had only asked one thing of me . 
 to strip . 
 my robe melted to the ground and my body unfolded for him effortlessly . 
 i stood taller , my neck a quivering , bare line that longed for his lips . 
 i breathed in through my nose and out my trembling lips , but my chest still rose and fell with every gasping breath . 
 my breasts were swollen , nipples hardened and aching like his fingers were pinching them tight . 
 i was silk between my thighs , my core throbbing in time with my racing heartbeat . 
 my legs tingled as he beckoned me to come closer . 
 he dropped his cell unceremoniously on the table beside him and retrieved a slender white box i had n't even noticed . 
 my eyes dropped to the sharp lines of it , its rectangular shape holding something that made one side of his mouth lift , a devastating smirk teasing the fire inside me . 
 he slowly lifted the lid . 
 i could almost feel his fingertips digging into me , his lips racing toward my wetness , the bite of his teeth as he - `` oh my , '' i whispered , taking in the neatly folded black strips inside . 
 there were four of them , and one smaller bundle . 
 they looked so soft , so delicate in his powerful hands . 
 he unfurled the smallest bundle in a single movement . 
 for a brief moment , heat rushed my cheeks and i thought it was one of the g-strings he loved on me , even though i was still a little self conscious about my curves . 
 it was n't a g-string , but the warmth sizzled a red path across my face nonetheless . 
 it was a blindfold . 
 he was on his feet in a single , fluid movement and an involuntary moan rose in my throat . 
 looking at jacob was a sensual journey . 
 from the cropped , ebony hair that intensified the sharp angles of his handsome face , to the sky blue eyes that drank me in like i was the best kind of sin . 
 the best kind of delicious . 
 and his lips ; he 'd only spoken one word , and i was already liquid and aching . 
 it was the only word he needed . 
 he was my dominant and i was his submissive . 
 it had taken me almost as long as we 'd been together to learn that my submission was just as powerful as his dominance . 
 even more so in some ways . 
 he could have my body , every which way , but i gave him the key with my obedience . 
 he held the blindfold as he took my face in his hands . 
 his smile deepened as he leaned in close , brushing his lips across mine . 
 `` i love you , leila . '' 
 those words would never , ever get old . 
 i was so filled with love , with lust that i felt like i could burst , raining cupid 's arrows and whips and chains all over the place . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 the smile dimmed , the dark lash of my dom pushing the romance stuff to the back burner . 
 whatever he had planned for me was n't meant to be heartwarming ; the things love songs were written about . 
 this song would be a series of bleeps on the radio . 
 a tantric mix of moans and pain and consuming bliss . 
 he was still waiting . 
 i needed to say the words . 
 truly give myself to him . 
 i stood tall , like i was n't butt naked . 
 like i did n't care that the whole world could see . 
 let them watch our erotic scene . 
 let them see how beautifully our bodies moved together . 
 `` i 'm yours , '' i said , hands by my side . 
 eyes locked on him for further instructions . 
 he softly traced the line of my cheekbone and his fingers swept my chestnut curls over one shoulder . 
 he slipped the blindfold over the crown of my head and i took one last look at my husband before i shut my eyes . 
 the loss of sight magnified my other senses . 
 i could feel the warmth of the sun on my skin . 
 i could hear the buzzing of the city around me-and a ripping sound . 
 i frowned when i heard it again and realized that it was velcro . 
 cuffs ? 
 i relaxed as i felt the first around my wrists , both were bound and secured . 
 my ankles followed suit . 
 i let out a little gasp as one of the wrists were tugged , and jacob 's hand steadied me , then turned me 180 degrees . 
 my wrists were pulled again . 
 he was leading me in the wrong direction . 
 panic flared in my chest . 
 our balcony was n't that big . 
 that fact was confirmed when i reached out and my fingers gripped the iron railing . 
 the strike was immediate and i had no time to prepare as his hand met the round curve of my ass . 
 i knew my offense before he even spoke . 
 `` hands at your side . '' 
 the bitter sting vibrated over my body and i bit back my scowl . 
 not even all this time as his sub could dull my innate sense to fight . 
 from his chuckle , he was glad that it had n't . 
 `` do you trust me , leila ? '' 
 i tilted my head to the right , toward the sound of his deep , rich voice . 
 `` do you mean do i trust that you wo n't throw me off the balcony ? '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` yes , i trust you . '' 
 his hand smoothed over my behind , caressing the spot where he spanked me . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 my wrist was tugged forward , doing the very thing he scolded me for moments earlier . 
 i bit back the urge to address the contradiction . 
 when my second was brought to the railing as well and my body was pulled forward , i had bigger concerns . 
 was he tying me to the railing ? 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 brain functioning slowed to a crawl as i stepped out wide . 
 my body was electric , from my toes curling against the cement , to the goosebumps that rushed up my calf , and the welcome ache of the chilly air against my erotic flesh . 
 and then there were his fingers , tracing up and down my spine , silent torture as he worked his way toward my behind . 
 `` i 'm going to spank you , leila . '' 
 the fingers tightened , kneading as he moved closer to the moist heat at my center . 
 `` b-but ... '' my protest became a moan as he spread my cheeks . 
 one of yearning . 
 suddenly , i did n't care that i had n't done anything that warranted a spanking . 
 his fingers dove inside me , granting my plea , sending pleasure shooting to every nerve receptor in my body . 
 my world , my existence was the rhythm of his touch . 
 the way he drew in and out , the way i felt whole with him inside me . 
 and then he stopped . 
 my eyes sprung open , the darkness giving nothing away . 
 his voice slashed through the silence . 
 `` you 're wondering why i stopped-and why you 're being punished . '' 
 i dipped my chin to my chest , then quickly answered , `` yes sir . '' 
 `` i owe you no explanation , but the sun is shining and you look especially beautiful tied up . 
 helpless . '' 
 i sucked in a gasp as i felt the muscular lines of his body-and the hardened length of his cock . 
 `` i 'm punishing you because there 's nothing like watching your perfect skin blush for me . '' 
 i could n't help but tilt my head back and he rewarded me by brushing his lips along the line of my neck . 
 when he drew back to my ear , the gentle kisses were a distant memory . 
 he seized my earlobe between his teeth . 
 he bared down until i let out a shuddering breath . 
 he released his hold , his voice thick with desire . 
 `` i 'm spanking you because i long to take you to the place of bliss between pleasure and agony . 
 i 'm spanking you because i want to make you cry and come all at once . '' 
 anyone else saying that would have been appalling . 
 i would n't let them touch me with a ten foot pole . 
 but what jacob and i had was the lushest taboo . 
 no one controlled my body like him . 
 no one else could make me melt with a single touch . 
 he got that i needed to surrender , to submit to be free . 
 `` let 's begin . '' 
 my body exploded with pain as his hand collided with my skin . 
 i grit my teeth and opened my mouth to keep count , but he rubbed the spot instead . 
 his voice was just as soft and soothing as his touch . 
 `` counting is unnecessary . 
 i want you to feel the strikes-and then you 'll feel what you do to me . '' 
 if i was n't immobilized , i would have melted right to the floor . 
 when the second blow landed , i was liquid . 
 putty in his hands to mold as he saw fit . 
 even in the darkness the world exploded in a rainbow of sensations . 
 the burn of pain met the soft kiss as his hands caressed the havoc he wreaked . 
 when i felt him untying my wrists , my ankles , i still gripped the railing . 
 tears burned my eyes , matching the stinging that pricked my bottom . 
 in an instant the world rushed up to meet me , the brightness overwhelming , sight and sound too much to bear . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut as he spun me around to face him and i moaned into his mouth as our lips met . 
 we spoke our secret language , his kisses tentative at first , asking me if i was okay . 
 if i was still his . 
 i brought my arms up and circled his neck , bringing him closer . 
 even with my eyes closed i saw him . 
 his love , his passion , the rock hard erection that pierced through his jeans , still taking my breath away . 
 when my eyes fluttered open i saw him staring back at me , that delicious smirk lighting up his face . 
 `` you see something you want ? '' 
 my eyes dropped to his crotch , then shot back up to the blue . 
 `` oh yes . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` oh yes sir . '' 
 `` i 'll forgive your slip because you 're so adorable when you let out those little gasps . '' 
 he brushed a curly tendril behind my ear , his fingertips trailing up and down the line of my neck . 
 `` and i think you know what your moans do to me . '' 
 he gripped my wrists and brought my hands down until my fingertips brushed the hard impression of his arousal . 
 i was memorized by it . 
 salivating for it . 
 `` bend over the chair , '' he ordered . 
 `` ass facing me . '' 
 i obeyed , my hands flat , presenting myself to him . 
 trembling with anticipation . 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 i thought you 'd never ask . 
 i did n't hear him unzip , toss aside his jeans . 
 but i felt his hands grip my waist , teasing me . 
 he 'd take me rough . 
 i 'd feel the ache of this all day and when i woke up in the morning , hot twinges would thrust me back to these moments when we belonged to each other . 
 he drove inside me in a single , absolute thrust and i let out a mournful cry of bliss . 
 sad because i 'd never get enough of him . 
 elated because i 'd get to spend the rest of my life finding out just how deep this rabbit hole went . 
 i clutched the chair helplessly as it rattled with every pounding thrust . 
 he moved in and out of me like a man possessed . 
 there was no rhyme or reason . 
 he was wild , consumed by his lust . 
 and i was a few little words away from exploding . 
 `` jacob , may i - '' his raw , guttural cry drowned out my question and i felt his warmth spread inside of me . 
 i stood there , chest heaving , body so close to finding my own ecstasy . 
 clutching his still hard cock . 
 ready . 
 and then he pulled out of me . 
 i did n't move . 
 still gripping the chair . 
 eyes looking straight ahead . 
 my release slipping out of reach . 
 he always let me come . 
 well , until just now . 
 i stood upright , questions volleying around my head like some brutal tennis match : he said he was n't punishing me because of something i did , so what 's going on ? 
 that ca n't be it-he gets his fill then goes on his merry way ? 
 but i faced him and he was practically redressed . 
 i watched in silence as he grabbed his coffee and advanced towards me . 
 i took a little solace in the fact that he was at least giving me a kiss . 
 he leaned in ... and planted his lips on my forehead . 
 `` you can get dressed . '' 
 i watched him go , hurt squeezing my vocal chords . 
 and then i obeyed . 
 two **** i stared at my reflection in the chrome doors of the elevator . 
 my chestnut curls were pinned up and away , a bun perched at the crown of my head . 
 the scoop neck of my black sheath dress elongated my neck line ... and drew my eyes to a red mark near my ear . 
 a little memento from jacob . 
 i quickly tugged my hair free from the bun , the curly tendrils masking the redness . 
 not that it mattered , since my cheeks were more than picking up the slack in that department . 
 `` cut it out , '' i muttered , yanking my hair behind my ears and standing a little taller . 
 the doors opened and i did n't teeter , despite the four inch heels . 
 despite the fact that my saturday morning with jacob had gone from best . 
 saturday . 
 ever ! 
 to womp womp . 
 i walked down the sleek executive corridor , my heels clicking on the floor . 
 i gave jacob 's secretary , natasha lancaster , a crisp nod . 
 we would n't be having any slumber parties since she had treated me like a gnat in her martini from the day jacob brought me to his office , but we 'd called a ceasefire of sorts , keeping things as cordial and professional as possible . 
 most days . 
 `` miss montgomery - '' she feigned frustration , letting out a heavy sigh . 
 `` i mean mrs. whitmore . '' 
 when i glared at her , she shrugged a petite shoulder and flipped her white blonde hair . 
 `` i apologize . 
 i guess i 'm still getting used to it . '' 
 `` understandable , '' i said bitingly , not returning her fake little smile . 
 `` it has been only a year . '' 
 and on the rare moments when she spared actual words for me , she called me ` miss montgomery ' , conveniently negating my marriage to jacob and name change . 
 `` if there 's nothing else , i have a busy morning ahead of me . '' 
 `` and it just got busier , '' she continued , turning her attention back to her computer . 
 `` robert lenoir is having his daughter sent over this morning . '' 
 `` what time ? '' 
 her fingernails clacked on the keyboard . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i glanced down at my cell . 
 `` 9:07 . '' 
 `` any minute now . '' 
 that phony little smirk curled her lips . 
 `` if you could handle mia kent , i 'm sure you 'll do just fine . '' 
 she did n't mean it as a compliment , but i decided to let it go . 
 mia was doing well . 
 she decided to take some time out of the public eye and when we talked a month ago , she was getting pretty serious with someone that was n't toxic . 
 but jessica lenoir was a totally different story . 
 she was twenty-eight years old , but you 'd think she was eighteen . 
 fresh out of some convent or uptight boarding school , drunk off the first taste of freedom . 
 the tabloids were splashed with headlines about the heir to the lenoir fortune . 
 if she was n't on a yacht , barely clothed , she was drugged out in some bathroom in new york or la. . 
 she was far from the first party girl heiress spending thousands of dollars a night at the most exclusive clubs in the world ... but she was the only one that would become the ceo of a billion dollar multinational corporation any day now . 
 her father , robert lenoir , was terminally ill . 
 he had no other children . 
 and despite the advice of his board , he wanted his daughter to take over the company . 
 jessica had a big image problem ... and i was in charge of taking her from hot mess to bad ass businesswoman . 
 and apparently , that task was starting any minute now . 
 i dropped my satchel near the door and opened the blinds , letting the sunshine in . 
 i hated that the first thought that sprung into my mind was how warm the sun felt on my skin on the balcony . 
 how it stroked the heat between my thighs . 
 a heat my husband created , then snuffed out . 
 the wave of rejection crashed into all the questions . 
 i asked him if everything was okay , and he looked at me with those bright eyes . 
 he thought my question signified that i was n't okay , and somehow it became about me and not in the way i wanted . 
 i could n't form the words to explain to him that i felt rejected . 
 that for the first time since we met , i felt hollow after we 'd been together . 
 i snapped the blinds shut , trying to block out the unwelcome dread that was doing numbers on my stomach . 
 not here . 
 i had to check this stuff at the door . 
 wait until the clock ticked 5pm to meltdown . 
 `` are you leila ? '' 
 i spun on my heels , trying to keep my annoyance on its intended target . 
 like natasha who had a penchant for just letting people stroll into my office . 
 but when i faced jessica lenoir , i did n't feel remotely guilty for the scowl on my face . 
 it went perfectly with the haughty expression on hers . 
 i 'd been expecting the woman from the gossip columns ; bleary eyed , still dressed in her wrinkled dress from the night before , smudged makeup , teetering all over the place because she was still a little drunk . 
 the woman before me looked like she would n't just dominate a boardroom , but she 'd chew it up and spit it out . 
 she wore a blood red blazer with a ivory blouse beneath and tailored black slacks . 
 her heels knocked against the hardwood floor as she made herself at home , behind my desk . 
 she tossed a curtain of deep brown hair , jade green eyes cutting me off at the knees until i felt two feet tall . 
 `` so i 'm here . 
 now what ? '' 
 i may have felt slightly off kilter by her abrupt entrance , not prepared to help build up someone that obviously had their shit together , but i would n't let her know that . 
 i could tell from the way she did n't even blink that she was used to intimidating people . 
 walking all over them . 
 well , i had a killer poker face too . 
 `` for starters , you can get out of my seat . '' 
 she made herself comfortable , sinking into the leather with a sigh . 
 `` you 're my publicist , right ? 
 which means you work for me . 
 which means technically - '' `` you can get out of my seat , or i can call security and they 'll remove you from this building . '' 
 her fiery glare scorched the earth . 
 i did n't back down but i was hoping she did n't call my bluff . 
 i 'd seen publicists do all but wipe the client 's ass to keep them happy and hopefully , scandal free . 
 but i had a feeling that this was a pivotal moment . 
 it would determine how effective i could be . 
 someone like jessica would n't respect someone that kissed her feet . 
 what could i offer her , how could i help her if i was just like everyone else in her employ ? 
 i had to separate myself . 
 show her that i was a fighter , and i 'd fight to ensure that the world and investors saw that she was born to sit at the head of the table . 
 she blinked , then silently pulled herself to her feet . 
 i bit back a smile as she circled back to the front of the desk , head still high like she was doing me a royal favor . 
 i did n't rub her nose in it , taking my place and getting right to it . 
 `` why the charade ? '' 
 her mouth twisted in confusion . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` not a single hair out of place . 
 your makeup is perfection , enhancing your beauty without shouting it from the rooftops . 
 your outfit says young , sophisticated professional , and you walked into my office like a ceo would . '' 
 i did n't mince words . 
 `` you 've got the whole world believing that you 're some spoiled brat who ca n't stay sober enough to stumble into your mansion without flashing the world a view of your coochie . 
 no one takes you seriously , and i can tell from the way you 're flaying me with your eyes right now that it drives you crazy . '' 
 i folded my hands on my desk and gave her my full attention , because i was sure this would be one hell of a story . 
 `` so i 'll ask again : why the charade ? '' 
 she pursed her lips , indignation scratching at her cheeks . 
 `` are you my therapist or my publicist ? '' 
 `` are you going to answer my question so i can do my job ? '' 
 i countered . 
 she gave me a long , quiet look , showing the first signs that there was more to her than meets the eye . 
 she opened her mouth , her lips quivering and i could have clapped with glee because for the first time ever , i had a high maintenance client that was n't going to make me chip away at the layers to get to the root of why they needed me in the first place . 
 because when it came down to it , i was kind of a therapist . 
 i was the number they called when the shit inevitably hit the fan . 
 i picked up the pieces and i made sure the world did n't notice the cracks . 
 jessica snapped her mouth shut , jerking to her feet in a single , angry movement . 
 `` i just remembered i have an appointment i ca n't miss . '' 
 when her lips curled she made a smile look like a snarl . 
 `` i 'm throwing a welcome home party tomorrow night at my apartment on 25th . 
 you should swing by ... or wait for the pictures . '' 
 and with that she breezed out of my office . 
 did she just dismiss me ? 
 and threaten me with some party that was sure to make my job that much more difficult ? 
 i mowed a hand through my unruly hair with a groan . 
 i loved my job , but some days ... needing someone to vent to , to tell me that i could handle the spoiled rich girl masquerading as a sorority girl , i abandoned my post and made the walk down the corridor toward jacob 's office . 
 natasha 's eyes lifted from her task , taking in my dejected expression . 
 she smiled like christmas morning . 
 `` tough meeting ? '' 
 i ignored her . 
 `` is jacob with anyone ? '' 
 `` no , but he 's on the - '' done with the conversation , i started down the hall towards my husband . 
 i could already feel his hands around me , holding me tight . 
 telling me i had this under control . 
 telling me that we were okay . 
 the sound of jacob 's voice stopped me cold . 
 jacob whitmore had a reputation for being a force to be reckoned with when you crossed him . 
 his voice always commanded attention , an innate power that made you want to take a knee like he was a king on a throne . 
 but whoever he was talking to would get no mercy . 
 `` after what happened in venice , i told you that i wanted no more lies . 
 no more secrets . 
 and then you come to me with this . '' 
 he let out a growl that made me take a step back . 
 `` mom , this changes everything ! '' 
 `` ahem . '' 
 i went rigid , my body so tight that i turned to face natasha as slowly as possible to keep from snapping . 
 and i was in no hurry to see the look of amusement on her face . 
 mrs. whitmore , ear to the door . 
 too afraid to walk in and face her husband . 
 as much as natasha was smiling today , you 'd think she was a kind person . 
 you 'd be wrong . 
 `` trouble in paradise ? '' 
 she mused , all teeth . 
 i fled back to my office , not confirming the obvious . 
 three **** `` so i think we should flash them . '' 
 `` sure , '' i grunted , practically inhaling my glass of wine . 
 `` i 'll rip my shirt off and do a shimmy . 
 maybe even a strategic nipple slip . '' 
 i coughed , nearly squirting merlot from my nose . 
 i looked at my best friend , megan scott , who stared back at me with green eyed innocence like she had n't just threatened to go girls gone wild . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? 
 i 've been talking for the past five minutes . 
 apparently to myself , '' she spat . 
 i winced , pushing the wine glass a few inches away . 
 like that 'll stop me . 
 she propped her chin on her hand with a sigh and leaned forward until she created a strawberry blonde wall that she hoped the cameras could n't penetrate . 
 `` i 'm still not used to it . 
 cameras following me when i 'm running errands , waiting for me when i leave school - '' `` i wish i had some sagely advice for you , '' i interrupted . 
 `` but i 'm fresh out . '' 
 i expected her to pry , to at least call me out for not even flinching as people inched by , probably wondering if someone legitimately famous was near , then continuing on their way when they discovered we were just famous by association . 
 i 'd landed the billionaire playboy , and megan was with cade wallace , an actor who currently had two movies tearing up the box office . 
 but megan 's gaze softened , her green eyes narrowing with concern , not suspicion . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 when we met last week you could barely take the smile off your face . '' 
 memories hit me in a wave and i swayed in my seat . 
 or maybe that was due to the second glass of wine i 'd nearly polished off in the last hour , paired with little more than cheese and crackers . 
 i chalked up the warmth that took my face hostage to the alcohol , because admitting i was remembering how happy i was , and the cause of it , i was just reminding myself of how far i was from that place . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you popped over fresh out of bed that day - '' my eyes bulged , imagining that everyone on the patio was tuned in to our conversation . 
 `` megan ! '' 
 `` it 's not like i said the 's ' word , '' she snorted , then raised an eyebrow with mischievous intent . 
 `` then again , you 're so hush hush about what happens behind those penthouse doors . 
 maybe you guys are a little closer to the ` f ' word . '' 
 her lips split into a full on grin when i gasped . 
 `` maybe the ` k ' word ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your business , '' i spat , my cheeks on fire . 
 `` do i ask what your sex life is like ? 
 no , because it 's private . 
 so just drop it . '' 
 the humor in her eyes froze over . 
 `` you 're mad about something , but it 's not my bad joke . 
 how about we talk about that instead of you jumping down my throat ? '' 
 i knew she was right . 
 i was taking my frustration out on her , because i did n't have the guts to face jacob `` talk to me , lay , '' she said softly . 
 all of a sudden the cameras seemed to zero in on us . 
 paparazzi leaned in for an exclusive , ` the billionaire 's wife tells all ! ' 
 i gulped hard , but the knot was firmly planted in my throat with no intention of budging . 
 it did n't matter that the photogs breathing down my neck was all in my head ; they were still camped out on the other side of the street , well out of ear reach . 
 but i still could n't make the words come out . 
 our waiter unloaded our food and i could have kissed him . 
 it bought me a few moments of silence , stuffing my face so the truth was buried behind my spinach and cheese ciabatta . 
 but i knew i 'd have to eventually spill the beans . 
 my sandwich was half gone and megan was still waiting . 
 and not so patiently . 
 `` how 's your pasta ? '' 
 i asked , deflecting her stony glare . 
 `` delicious , '' she answered shortly , dabbing her mouth . 
 `` are you going to tell me what 's up or are we going to make awkward small talk like we 're on our first date ? '' 
 i cracked the smallest of smiles . 
 `` you 're not going to let up , are you ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` well , in that case ... '' i swiped the bottle of merlot and topped off my glass . 
 `` obviously , it has to do with jacob . 
 and me . '' 
 her eyebrow arched , the silent ` duh ' hanging in the silence after my both obvious and vague admission . 
 i held the bottle upside down , trying to get every last drop of liquid courage . 
 the easiest thing would be starting at the beginning , but i was not going to share what went down on the balcony . 
 so i fast forwarded to the heated conversation i overheard . 
 `` i think - '' i paused , replacing the uncertainty with fact . 
 `` i know jacob is keeping something from me . '' 
 megan sipped her italian soda , digesting the words as she stared at me strangely . 
 no words . 
 no assurances that i was acting mental and reading into nothing . 
 just dead silence . 
 i picked up the mantle , glaring her down . 
 `` after all the crap you gave me about opening up , i open up and now you 're speechless ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not speechless , just unsure of how to put this without making you go off on me . 
 under normal circumstances , bring it on . '' 
 she playfully flexed her muscles . 
 `` but i do n't think either one of us wants those kinds of headlines with our stalkers across the street , waiting for something picture worthy . '' 
 i waved off the paparazzi , focusing on other parts of her response . 
 `` how to put what ? '' 
 she ran her fingers through her hair , tugging the red strands into a low bun . 
 pulling her hair back ? 
 this was serious . 
 her jade colored eyes locked onto me and she pulled no punches . 
 `` i 'm getting an overwhelming sense of deja vu , leila . 
 you overhear something or he does something seemingly normal . 
 then you concoct this elaborate story where your husband , or boyfriend if we 're looking back , is doing things to destroy your relationship . '' 
 `` i do n't have to concoct anything , '' i said indignantly . 
 `` real life is dramatic enough . '' 
 as insulted as i was by her dismissing my statement , i could n't blame her . 
 with rachel laraby in the wings , i had questioned and doubted jacob 's love . 
 instead of trusting that he wanted me , and me alone , i let rachel get in my head-and it almost cost me the love of my life . 
 `` i get that this probably seems similar - '' `` very similar , '' she clarified . 
 `` but it 's different , '' i finished adamantly . 
 `` i know jacob loves me , i really do . 
 but i also know that he 's hiding something . '' 
 she spun her fork in a slow , thoughtful circle . 
 `` have you asked him about it ? '' 
 `` what a great idea ! '' 
 i said sarcastically , gulping down half my glass of wine . 
 i focused on the numbing warmth of the alcohol instead of the fact that she was right . 
 asking him about it was a surefire way to get some answers , but it was n't quite that simple . 
 `` if i ask him , i 'll have to explain how i know . '' 
 i did n't have to say more than that before megan started shaking her head . 
 again . 
 `` oh , leila . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said defensively , nursing my glass of wine . 
 `` i was n't snooping . 
 not technically . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 she held the ` i ' for several seconds longer than necessary , illustrating just how well she knew me . 
 `` i was going to see him , and i overheard him on the phone arguing with alicia , '' i explained . 
 `` he even said , ` this changes everything ' ! '' 
 `` and then you asked him what ` this ' was ? '' 
 i dropped my eyes to the remains of my sandwich . 
 it was completely eviscerated , like my flimsy excuse . 
 `` natasha was on the prowl . 
 she saw me in the hall and i was too embarrassed to go in . 
 but i 'm going to ask him about it tonight , '' i added quickly . 
 `` you have n't even asked him about it and you 're already freaking out ? '' 
 she let out a whistle . 
 `` you 're setting him up to disappoint you . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 `` no , i. . . '' 
 i had no defense , unable to come up with a comeback or concrete evidence to disprove what she said . 
 sure , the signs were there : long hours at the office , the ` wham , bam , thank you ma'am ' that went down a few mornings ago , and the conversation i overheard all pointed towards jacob going through something . 
 something he had n't shared with me . 
 yet . 
 maybe it was a recent development . 
 maybe he was planning on telling me sooner , but he knew i was stressed about the new client . 
 my heart twitched guiltily as i hung my head . 
 `` you 're right , '' i said , surrendering . 
 owning up to it . 
 `` well , cheers to that , '' megan jokingly held up her glass . 
 `` pretty sure that 's the first time you 've ever willingly admitted i was right about anything . '' 
 `` keep it up and we 're going to give the photogs a first row seat to me taking you out , '' i said , tossing my napkin at her . 
 `` well that 's my latest drama , '' i groaned , in dire need of a subject change before i embarrassed myself further . 
 `` how are things going your way ? '' 
 she jerked her fork over her shoulder at the paparazzi . 
 `` impromptu photo shoots aside , things are pretty good . 
 my kids are still kicking ass and taking names - '' `` same as your boyfriend , apparently , '' i winked . 
 a year ago cade wallace , an action movie star that looked every bit capable of ripping someone to shreds on and off the screen , was battling a series of box office flops . 
 cade defied the critics who called him box office poison . 
 his last movie was the last job , where he played a hit man with a heart of gold-and it was the highest grossing action movie of the year . 
 and if the spy thriller that premiered last week kept selling out theaters and getting praise from the same folks who mocked him , he was in for another record breaker . 
 i was happy things had turned around for him , and not just because he was dating my best friend . 
 he 'd gone from my idol , a celebrity crush that made me sweat and act like i was twelve instead of twenty-four , to a charmingly vulnerable man that was more than muscles and a ferocious screen presence . 
 and then there was the flirting ; something innocent that ballooned until he kissed me , flagrantly disregarding my relationship with jacob . 
 with time , he respected the boundaries of our friendship , and he and megan started dating . 
 the past was so far in the rearview that i could barely make it out on the horizon . 
 even jacob had let go of any bad blood . 
 the name ` cade wallace ' used to turn his usually calm facade into that of a boxer , but now he was cordial when he was mentioned . 
 i could tell from the way megan fidgeted that she still felt a little weird talking about him with me . 
 i could n't help but smirk at the transition from tough love to coy and quiet as she bit her lip , avoiding my gaze . 
 `` you and cade have been dating for nearly as long i 've been married . 
 you know i 'm not secretly holding any grudges , right ? 
 as long as he makes you feel like the awesome , beautiful woman that you are , we 're good . '' 
 i went serious , wanting to make sure i was n't mistaking her awkwardness about my colored past with cade for some more recent transgressions . 
 maybe there was some sort of alpha male oddness going around the city , and our guys had it bad . 
 `` he 's treating you alright ? '' 
 the nervousness that settled over her relaxed and the smile returned to her lips . 
 `` better than alright . 
 we had our issues , you know all about that . '' 
 she gave me a look that summed up all the drama when cade pursued her and she was sure he was just like the guys she usually gravitated toward . 
 guys who definitely did not treat her alright . 
 `` but he looks at me and i swear we 're the only two people on the planet . 
 and when he tells me he loves me , i believe it with everything in me . 
 i never had that before . '' 
 she cleared her throat , emotion getting the better of her . 
 with a sniff , she reached for my wine glass . 
 after she downed the rest , she perked , tears of happiness still glittering in her eyes . 
 i could see how happy she was and after all the hell her ex 's put her through , seeing her smile and finally get the happily ever after she deserved made tears sprint to my eyes too . 
 we both fanned our eyes , red faced and laughing . 
 `` now if they would just take a picture of me where i do n't look completely awful , i 'd be set , '' i quipped . 
 i picked at the rest of my sandwich . 
 `` i wish i could tell you it gets easier with the photographers , but you pretty much have to embrace it , or ignore them . '' 
 `` only two options , huh ? '' 
 she inhaled deep , then faced the street and waved . 
 `` i guess sometimes , '' she said through clenched teeth , `` you just have to not give a fuck . '' 
 she said it so simply , but it resonated with me . 
 there was only one way to find out the answers to my questions . 
 i had to summon up my courage . 
 put all the fears of ` what if ' on silent , and just do it . 
 tonight , i thought to myself . 
 i 'll ask him about it tonight . 
 i plastered a smile on my face , then i waved at them too . 
 four **** working late . 
 do n't wait up , love . 
 under normal circumstances , after all i 'd done over the past hour , jacob 's text would have sent me spiraling down and i 'd console myself by eating everything in sight ... and then i 'd turn to the liquor cabinet . 
 considering the root of the romantic night i had planned was to find out if he was keeping something from me , his short , somehow curt and sweet text revealed nothing . 
 in fact , the empty chairs standing in front of untouched plates of spaghetti and the delicious red i knew he loved was still corked , begging to be drank and the quiet just intensified my questions . 
 i glared down at my phone . 
 my first instinct was to type back a wordy response , explaining that i 'd made dinner and even dessert-personally made it , not ordered out-and i needed him home . 
 because i needed answers . 
 was he keeping secrets ? 
 why would he keep anything from me ? 
 i put my phone on the table , safely out of batshit insane texting range . 
 this was probably why he kept things from me . 
 because he did n't want to worry me . 
 did n't want me to jump to ludicrous conclusions . 
 i was leaps and bounds better at keeping my cool , but megan was right . 
 reading into things was signature leila behavior . 
 so i sat back in my chair , closed my eyes and breathed in and out until the image playing on the back of my eyelids was jacob , tense above a stack of deadlines . 
 not jacob purposefully keeping things from me and throwing a wrench in our romantic evening . 
 and then i knew just what to do . 
 sure , i could be a little crazy , but i had my charms . 
 and my questions would be answered in time . 
 there were more pressing issues , a way for me to show him what i had in store and give him something to think about besides work . 
 warm from head to toe , i extinguished the candles , my pursed lips craving jacob . 
 needing to be wrapped around him . 
 craving the feel of him pulsing and hardening until everything but his body and my body was irrelevant . 
 the savory aroma of meat and spices did n't dull my hunger . 
 i needed a different kind of sustenance . 
 a satisfied fullness that had nothing to do with my stomach . 
 i dashed up the stairs to our bedroom , the early evening sky a blue-ish purple that reminded me of the way jacob 's eyes changed when lust took over . 
 what would his eyes look like when i popped over to his office to surprise him ? 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 i zeroed in on the closet , pressing a button that rotated my dresses and revealed the storage space where i kept odds and ends . 
 post cards from venice . 
 mementos from our favorite restaurants . 
 my wedding bouquet ... and a long , slender white box . 
 i picked it up and shook it , just like i had all those days ago . 
 the day my life changed forever and i agreed to be jacob 's submissive . 
 i ran my fingers along its spine , tracing the edges as i lifted the lid . 
 the trench coat was draped in the box . 
 the ebony material was soft to the touch . 
 and just like the day it was given to me , i stripped down . 
 i shimmied out of my bodycon dress , and the only items keeping me from the nude were the lingerie i 'd ordered from paris : a strappy , blood red bra and a gorgeous caged back pair of panties that showed more ass than it covered . 
 when i saw it i knew they were perfect . 
 all the straps reminded me of being tied up . 
 bound for him . 
 and the panties ? 
 they were a visual come hither . 
 he would n't be able to suppress the urge to grab it . 
 squeeze it . 
 spank it . 
 a warm ripple of longing fluttered through my groin as i pulled on the trench coat . 
 i made sure the knot was secure . 
 i still had a journey ahead of me , the walk past the security guard , and a ride in the elevator until a wardrobe malfunction would be more than acceptable . 
 my heart pumped with excitement as i breezed into the elevator and practically sprinted toward the lobby . 
 i hailed a cab , the wind rustling my curls . 
 i unpinned my bun and let my hair free . 
 i rolled the windows down and imagined it was his fingers gliding through my hair . 
 tugging it as he pulled me close and kissed me like he could n't get enough of my lips . 
 like he could n't get enough of me . 
 i knew what lay beyond this buzz . 
 the worry on the edges of the throbbing anticipation . 
 but i put up a mental wall , not letting my doubt chip away at the desire . 
 there would be time for questions . 
 a time for me to breathe when he told me it was no big deal . 
 for now i was just a woman , going to surprise her man in nothing but underwear and a coat . 
 i paid the fare and strutted through the doors of whitmore and creighton . 
 i smiled to myself at the memory of teetering on my heels . 
 those stupid shoes put me on a collision course with destiny . 
 the guard , frank miller , perked when he saw me . 
 his kind gray eyes mirrored the smile on his face . 
 `` good evening , mrs. whitmore . '' 
 even though i knew he had no idea what was under my coat or what i had planned , i still bit my lip . 
 not even the slice of discomfort could ward off the blush heating my cheeks . 
 `` hi frank . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` ca n't complain . '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 `` do n't work too hard . '' 
 i swallowed the amusement that rose in my throat , hustling toward the elevator . 
 it seemed to move especially slow , climbing every step to the top floor . 
 by the time it dinged and i was at my destination , i was practically hyperventilating . 
 i moved down the corridor to jacob 's office , the sound of light classical music luring me to him . 
 classical music meant he needed some zen or he 'd start busting heads . 
 i rapped on the door and stepped inside , not waiting for him to grant me entry . 
 his gaze lifted from his computer and captured me . 
 the shock in his eyes warmed as he took me in . 
 a smile teased his lips as the pieces clicked into place and he recognized the coat . 
 i loosened the knot , my lips slightly parted as i shed the layer and showed him my intentions . 
 `` surprise . '' 
 he rose from his chair , wetting his lips as he circled to the front of his desk . 
 he leaned back , still the epitome of sophistication and power , even though his tie hung loosely and his eyes were doing bad things to my body . 
 `` you look delicious . '' 
 his deep voice savored every word and i felt my wetness soaking through my panties . 
 i managed to speak , my voice rough and husky . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he stroked his fingers through his dark hair . 
 ruffling it in a way that made him look both playful and dangerous . 
 `` i remember the first time you put on that jacket . 
 you were so nervous , so self conscious about your body . 
 you used the jacket as a shield . 
 something to hide your perceived imperfections . '' 
 he unbuttoned his cuffs and i watched his fingers , already feeling them deep inside me . 
 `` what is the jacket to you now ? '' 
 his question caught me off guard and my lips worked but nothing intelligible came out . 
 `` what were you thinking when you decided to put it on ? '' 
 he pressed . 
 `` you could have worn a dress . 
 a t-shirt and jeans . 
 there 's a reason you chose to put on that trench coat . '' 
 i dug my fingertips into my thigh to keep from shaking . 
 to get a handle on my desire long enough for my brain to function so i could do more than stutter . 
 i looked inward for the answer . 
 i clasped my hands together , the shake barely more than a tremor when i met his steely blue gaze . 
 the answer was in the fact that i did n't even stop to look in a mirror . 
 or fuss over my body , making myself a nervous wreck . 
 i was a wife , doing something for her husband ... and nothing else mattered . 
 `` the jacket represents metamorphosis . '' 
 i moved toward him , one step at a time . 
 the predator with her prey in her sights . 
 `` i 'm not the doe eyed innocent anymore . 
 you 're my dom , but that does n't mean that i ca n't take the reins every now and then . '' 
 i stopped in front of him , the space between us hot with sexual tension . 
 i smiled mischievously as i roped my arms around my back and unhooked my bra , letting it drop to the floor . 
 `` i can take what i want . '' 
 he rounded the contours of my breasts with his eyes and my nipples swelled like he 'd already claimed them . 
 i could feel him pinching them tight until i could take no more ... and would die if he stopped . 
 `` and what do you want ? '' 
 one look and i saw that his fly was bulging with what he wanted . 
 our wants , our needs were deliciously aligned . 
 `` me ? '' 
 i erased the remaining distance , so close to him that i could feel every tremor of his body . 
 jacob was struggling to maintain his composure . 
 if this was what taking control was like , no wonder he loved it . 
 i felt sexy , powerful ... and it was just the beginning . 
 `` i want to make you forget that anything else exists in this world except my mouth . '' 
 i sank to my knees , hands reaching for his belt . 
 his eyes were flashing-i was being bold-but they did n't flash with condemnation . 
 he was thrilled , riveted ; like he was watching me change before him . 
 i vibrated from the inside out when he let out a deep , guttural moan as i stroked him , the fabric barely able to contain his arousal . 
 i unzipped his fly and reached in , my hand wrapping around his bulging shaft . 
 i drew closer . 
 mouth close enough to touch . 
 tongue close enough to lick . 
 but i just stared up at him in awe . 
 my husband , my everything , my dom ... a slave to my touch . 
 i leaned in and i swore he did too . 
 my tongue darted out and tasted the warmth of his skin , tingling as i made a line from base to tip . 
 i watched him , enamored as my tongue swirled around the head , savoring the salty sweetness like it was honey . 
 then i engulfed him , taking him into my mouth until i felt him hit my throat . 
 i breathed through the stars , relaxing as i took him deeper . 
 his second moan was feral as he rocked his hips and tears sprang to my eyes . 
 i built a steady rhythm and he let me control the beat . 
 his fingers weaved through my hair . 
 tugging . 
 holding onto me for dear life . 
 all i could taste was jacob . 
 all i could feel was jacob . 
 i took a breath , smiling up at him with my bruised lips . 
 `` i want you to - '' he put a single finger across my lips , then trailed the finger down until he landed on my breast . 
 he gripped the nipple tight , his eyes smoldering . 
 `` that was incredible , little sub . '' 
 his grip intensified as he gestured for me to stand up , never letting go of my nipple . 
 i gasped when he took the other , squeezing it just as savagely . 
 his smile made my heart stop and my pussy clench with excitement . 
 `` but what you want is irrelevant . 
 it 's my turn now . '' 
 five **** the tables had turned . 
 five seconds ago , jacob was practically on his knees ; his moans begging me not to stop . 
 now i was the one moaning , my nipples locked in his brutal touch , dangerously close to saying the word that would end it all . 
 he relaxed his grip slightly , his voice a gentle caress . 
 `` do you want to proceed ? '' 
 the throb in my nipples spread out over me , a whisper that built in pitch until my body screamed for more . 
 my skin was goose flesh , the warmth in my stomach a flurry of butterflies that made me shake . 
 my core pulsed in time with my racing heart . 
 there was only one option . 
 one word that fell from my lips . 
 `` green . '' 
 he released my nipples , but his fingers were still beautiful torture devices . 
 he stroked downward , his touch so gentle as he slid down my abdomen . 
 `` you want me to touch you , do n't you ? '' 
 my nostrils flared uncontrollably as i nodded . 
 `` yes sir . 
 please . '' 
 a smile lifted one side of his mouth when i gasped as he dropped all pretenses and cupped my pussy with his hand . 
 his ring finger rested on my slit . 
 `` as incredible as your body is and how much pleasure you give me , your little stunt ca n't go unpunished . '' 
 he slipped inside me , a finger on my swollen bundle of nerves , then he denied me . 
 `` i 'll be lenient on you . 
 in fact , i 'll let you pick your punishment . '' 
 `` how generous , '' i muttered , before i caught myself and dropped my gaze . 
 i brought my eyes back up to meet his , biting my lip . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 his eyes narrowed , but amusement burned like fire as he outlined my cheek with his finger , then dusted my hair over my shoulders . 
 `` i could just bend you over the desk and spank you if that 's what you prefer . '' 
 `` no sir , '' i blurted . 
 practically shouted . 
 i winced and lowered my volume several notches . 
 `` i 'll pick my punishment . '' 
 heat dominated my cheeks , my body as he circled me slowly . 
 waiting . 
 picking my punishment was n't nearly as kind as you 'd think . 
 it was like picking my poison . 
 whatever i chose would be just as painful as it was pleasurable . 
 spanking . 
 teasing . 
 i gasped . 
 teasing . 
 i licked my lips and gave him my answer . 
 `` i want to be teased . 
 to be so close to release . 
 so out of control that i ca n't stand it-then you pull me back . 
 build me up , let me taste your bliss , then take it away . 
 until you 're ready for me to climax , '' i added , trying to keep my voice level and unassuming . 
 i did n't want him to see the real punishment that i 'd just handed him on a silver plate . 
 but jacob 's low chuckle saw right through that . 
 `` if i believe you 're deserving of a climax that is . '' 
 crap . 
 i knew he meant it playfully , but the thoughts i kept at bay stormed back to the surface . 
 the memory of being so tangled up in him , so free , then shot right out of the sky , left wondering if i did something wrong . 
 stop it , i ordered myself , locking my hands behind my back . 
 benefit of the doubt , remember ? 
 so i stood there , finding his eye when he circled back around . 
 aching for his touch . 
 wishing that i had asked him for a spanking , because the slices of pain were always met with overwhelming pleasure . 
 and then he had to feel what he did to me with his fingers . 
 with his cock . 
 i slouched , the minutes ticking by , and he still had n't touched me . 
 and then i realized that i was n't waiting for the starting bell to ring . 
 it rang the moment he started circling me . 
 he was teasing me every time our eyes met ; every time he denied me his touch . 
 when his fingers brushed my lower back i trembled , a moan trapped behind my clenched teeth . 
 when he rounded back to the front , his fingers strummed my nipples . 
 the echo of his pinch turned the gentlest of touches into a blow that ripped a moan from my throat , my core begging for more . 
 already begging for release that he clearly had no intention of giving me anytime soon . 
 i pouted and he paused , his lips fluttering over mine . 
 letting me taste the salt of his skin for a heartbeat . 
 reminding me to breathe-and that he wanted me just as badly . 
 his lips wandered over my jaw , then hovered at my ear . 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 i stepped out , wide , hyper aware of the way my juices clung to me . 
 he inhaled the fragrance of my arousal like it was the sweetest of perfumes . 
 he cupped my sex again , this time spreading my lips and sliding his fingers into my warmth . 
 i groaned , throwing my head back as he pumped in and out of me , his eyes filled with lust , lips parted like he was breathing in my moans . 
 once my entire body began to shake , he pulled from me , circling around behind me . 
 it was probably a good thing too because he missed my frown . 
 i wanted more , damn it . 
 i wanted to throw myself to the floor and kick and scream until he let me come , and i wanted more of the teasing at the same time . 
 this d/s dynamic fulfilled the void in me that craved domination . 
 it loved the challenge in giving my body and my pleasure over to jacob . 
 his arms encircled me , holding me close . 
 so close that there was no question that he was dying to have me too . 
 so close that our heartbeats synced and our chests rose and fell in sync . 
 `` punishing you is punishing me , '' he said thickly . 
 his fingers sank back inside me . 
 he knew just where to push . 
 just where to linger . 
 how deep to go and twitch to make me lose my mind . 
 `` jacob , '' i whimpered , wanting more . 
 needing it . 
 `` tell me to fuck you , '' he said hoarsely . 
 he pumped in and out of me , my whole body a sea of raw nerve endings that felt every last stroke . 
 `` fuck me , jacob . '' 
 he whisked me to the sitting area , and i smiled when i realized we were coming full circle . 
 he pulled off his shirt and discarded his pants , dropping them beside the chaise . 
 the chaise he 'd ordered me to lounge on when he first hired me . 
 when he 'd commanded that i relax and touch myself for him . 
 he had a different request now . 
 `` on your hands and knees . 
 ass towards me . '' 
 i obeyed his command , bursting with excitement . 
 his hand rounded the curve of my bottom and i braced myself to be spanked , but the strike did n't come . 
 his other hand gripped my other hip and he teased me with his cock . 
 he drew it up and down my slit , letting me feel just how close he was . 
 reminding me that he was the gatekeeper of my ecstasy . 
 and then he took me . 
 his first stroke was swift , filling me up . 
 stretching me around the thick bulge of him . 
 he drew out of me , then punched back inside . 
 feeling me . 
 completing me . 
 tearing all the air from my lungs . 
 i spread wider , giving him all of me . 
 i rocked back to meet his thrusts . 
 he gripped my hips as he took us closer to bliss . 
 every part of me felt alive , breathing it in , consumed by the ecstasy that only jacob could give me . 
 i reached the edge , my climax dangerously close to rebellion . 
 control was quickly becoming impossible . 
 i could n't hold it back much longer . 
 `` jacob , '' i moaned . 
 begged . 
 `` please let me come . '' 
 `` come for me baby , '' he said huskily . 
 `` i want to feel you . 
 only you . '' 
 i let go and my whole world was this feeling . 
 i was free falling into my climax , letting it consume me as my body squeezed him . 
 he went rigid , then i felt the warmth of him flowing inside me . 
 i was finally whole again . 
 still catching my breath , i dropped to the chaise . 
 i felt so open . 
 so exposed to him that i took it a step further . 
 after all , i could always blame the question on post-sex delirium . 
 `` i overheard your conversation with your mom the other day . '' 
 i picked at my nails , trying to act nonchalant . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 he did n't answer for a long , painful moment . 
 i pulled my attention from pretending that it was n't a big deal , ready to face him and be held accountable for kinda sorta snooping . 
 i did n't even care , i just wanted to get it all out in the open . 
 but his back was to me , the muscular expanse tight and unyielding . 
 `` jacob ? 
 if there 's something going on - '' he turned to me , his face stony and unreadable . 
 `` there 's nothing going on , '' he said gruffly , buttoning his shirt . 
 his pants were next . 
 when he faced me , i realized we really were doing some sort of history lesson . 
 all the greatest hits : the trench coat , the chaise , and the impenetrable wall jacob used to keep up to keep me out . 
 his blue eyes were like ice as he yanked and tugged his slender black tie into place . 
 when he spoke i honestly expected him to tell me that it was none of my business . 
 chew me out for sneaking around and keeping this to myself for days . 
 instead , he ticked the box that read ` none of the above ' . 
 `` everything 's alright , lay . '' 
 he turned back to his desk with a sigh . 
 `` i 'm sure you just overheard my mother being her usual self and me calling her on it . '' 
 he shrugged , his way of closing the book on the subject . 
 `` i really need to put a dent in this . '' 
 he glanced at me over his shoulder with a half smile that i almost bought . 
 `` that was incredible . '' 
 all the books and blogs about marriage and being a supportive partner said i should give him space . 
 let him open up to me when he was ready . 
 but slipping that coat back on , a coat that was supposed to represent how far we 'd come , just magnified the fact that even after a year of marriage , we could n't talk to each other . 
 i smiled too , my heart heavy . 
 my head filled with questions . 
 i did n't ask any of them . 
 `` i 'll see you at home . '' 
 i paused at the door , a knot in my throat . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` love you too , '' he said smoothly , already lost in his work again . 
 i held onto those three words as i climbed back into the cab , pointed home . 
 he loves me . 
 there was nothing going on . 
 only one of those statements rang true . 
 the other sat in the pit of my stomach like a stone . 
 six **** this was a measure of last resort . 
 after jacob walked around like everything was normal , when the truth flashed angrily in his eyes before he rebuffed my questions , i was left with one single , exceedingly uncomfortable alternative . 
 i could ask the other person on the phone-his mother , alicia whitmore . 
 `` desperate times call for desperate measures , '' i sighed , a few minutes away from what my head was telling me was a huge mistake . 
 i focused instead on how picturesque granite falls was compared to the city . 
 the roads were n't full of cars stacked like sardines or riddled with potholes . 
 the scent of exhaust fumes and asphalt did n't invade my vents . 
 all the not so charming things about the city were non existent out here . 
 even the modest homes looked extravagant , and were flanked by white picket fences . 
 instead of smoke , money hung on the air out here . 
 as beautiful as everything was , there was something off putting about the manicured lawns and the perfectly painted homes without a smudge of wear or tear . 
 everything was a little too impeccable . 
 bad things happened in granite falls too , they just had the money to cover their tracks . 
 what bad thing was alicia and jacob covering up ? 
 i pulled up to the gate in front of the whitmore property . 
 with the iron fence and extensive landscaping , you could n't even see the house from the street . 
 if my gps was n't barking that i reached my destination , i almost would have driven right past . 
 alicia whitmore was n't the kind of woman that did secluded or discreet . 
 money was important to her and showing just how much she had was doubly so . 
 the security guard snapped to attention , reminding me of the cold seriousness of the buckingham palace guards . 
 he stared at me like i was wearing a ski mask and had ` i 'm up to no good ' stamped on my forehead . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 he snapped , not sounding very helpful at all . 
 `` i 'm leila whitmore . 
 alicia is expecting me . '' 
 the stern expression on his face relaxed and he touched the rim of his ball cap . 
 `` of course . 
 have a good night . '' 
 he returned to his post without another word and i gripped the steering wheel , suddenly getting cold feet . 
 the gate creaked open and i tapped the gas , pulling the car into motion whether i was ready or not . 
 even in pitch darkness i was in awe of the estate . 
 the drive was as smooth as butter , each side flanked by lush green grass and weeping willows . 
 the mansion sat at the end of the drive , gothic and intimidating . 
 it reminded me of some far off castle in europe . 
 i expected a horse drawn carriage to be parked out front but there was only a mercedes . 
 even though i 'd talked to alicia a little over an hour ago to arrange all this , the house was dark and foreboding . 
 the only power alicia has over you is the power you give her . 
 even though you 're coming to her for answers , that does n't mean you 're weak . 
 but i suddenly felt like every move was torture , my legs filled with lead . 
 my heart clenched and released in time with my fists . 
 my sweaty palms were unable to hold my grip on the keys , which led to me fumbling around in the dark for them . 
 i exclaimed as flood lights flickered on , my vision blinded by the brightness . 
 i covered my eyes , trying to adjust to the football stadium strength illumination . 
 i heard the click of heels and struggled to get to my feet . 
 `` quite the entrance , leila . '' 
 alicia 's voice was as cutting as the cobblestone slicing into my knees . 
 `` is there a reason you 're on all fours in my driveway ? '' 
 `` it 's all the rage nowadays , crawling around on all fours , '' i joked . 
 i was finally able to see the lady of the manor . 
 she wore a cream colored sweater , a black peplum skirt , and a frown . 
 her eyes were silver as she looked me over and shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sure you would know about such things considering your particular tastes . '' 
 i guess i should have been happy that she was no longer calling me a gold digging skank , willing to debase myself for a lavish lifestyle , but it still stung . 
 `` i dropped my keys , '' i said , purposefully changing the subject . 
 `` i just - '' she bent down way more gracefully than should have been possible in her red bottom stilettos . 
 she rose , dangling my keys between her pointer finger and thumb like it was a pair of dirty underwear . 
 `` thanks , '' i said with a forced smile . 
 there was no you 're welcome , she just dropped it into my palm and sashayed back the way she came . 
 i scurried behind her , reminding myself that we had made progress over the past year . 
 she was pretty good at hiding her disapproval in public and her private disdain was a little easier to bear . 
 after all , she did n't have to agree to talk to me at all . 
 or invite me to her home . 
 baby steps were better than no steps at all , right ? 
 i swallowed nervously when she stepped aside to allow me entry and the nerves melted into awe as i took in the decor . 
 it was classic elegance with modern sophistication . 
 pieces of antique furniture were perfectly paired with sleek side tables . 
 artwork worthy of the best museums were framed in chrome . 
 i could n't wait to see the - `` you can stop right there . '' 
 i froze on the persian rug , barely two feet inside the door . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she pointed at a room off to the side the entrance . 
 `` from your call , i did n't guess you were coming over for the tour . 
 let 's just get this over with . '' 
 well then . 
 i bit my tongue and followed her into the room . 
 she gestured at a victorian chair and i sat down , surprised it was comfortable . 
 everything in this place seemed too beautiful to be enjoyed . 
 its purpose was perfection . 
 to invoke envy and awe . 
 she cleared her throat and gestured at the darkness behind me . 
 i hitched a breath as a small , pudgy man with nervous eyes shuffled out and offered me a bottle of water . 
 i thanked him and he nodded in acknowledgment . 
 in her own , alicia way , she was being a good host . 
 that alone was leaps and bounds in the right direction since i was pretty sure there were moments she would n't have offered me a glass of water in hell . 
 she situated her petite body in a chair across from mine , the throne-like design not lost on me . 
 her salt and pepper hair hung longer than i 'd ever seen it , the waves and slight curls softening her usual sharpness . 
 her eyes still sliced in my direction like a razor 's blade , not allowing me to forget that this was n't a social call . 
 i gingerly sipped my water , my throat stinging as i swallowed . 
 i placed the evian back on the table , and gasped as the butler sprang from the shadows , armed with a cylindrical device . 
 he deposited the bottle into the container , then stepped back out of sight . 
 `` bottle service ? '' 
 i said incredulously . 
 alicia crossed her legs , reclining with a sigh . 
 `` you married money , dear . 
 certainly such things should come as no surprise to you ? '' 
 i wanted to tell her that money or not , i was capable of putting my bottle of water on a coaster , and i did n't treat people like pieces of furniture , but things were awkward enough . 
 `` thank you for seeing me . '' 
 i folded my hands in my lap . 
 `` i 'm just going to get straight to the point . 
 i overheard a part of your conversation with jacob the other day . '' 
 i watched her for some indication of surprise . 
 or worry . 
 i found neither . 
 she shrugged a shoulder . 
 `` and ? 
 i talk to my son a fair amount , what is this regarding ? '' 
 `` the conversation seemed ... heated , '' i continued , not letting her see how nervous this made me . 
 the only defense i had against her was that i did n't let it show that she intimidated me . 
 even after all this time , and all the cruel things she 'd said about my relationship with jacob , and the things she 'd done to her own son , i wanted us to at least be cordial . 
 from the permanent scowl she 'd had on her face since i walked through the door , we still had a ways to go . 
 regardless of the bad blood , i still waited , hoped that she would give me a kernel of the truth . 
 i 'd even take a ` it 's none of your business ' . 
 but she just sat there , eyebrows arched damn near to the vaulted ceilings , waiting for me to get to the point . 
 i gritted my teeth and let out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` jacob said something about no secrets , then claimed that whatever secret you two are sharing changes everything . '' 
 my voice got away from me , rising , matching the level of jacob 's tirade that day . 
 it did n't help that she was sitting there , acting like we were n't even speaking the same language . 
 `` none of this is jogging your memory ? 
 is there some sort of amnesia bug going around ? '' 
 she snorted , clasping her hand to her chest like i 'd just uttered something absurd . 
 only alicia whitmore could turn a snort into a slap across the face . 
 `` leila , if you came over here to discuss a conversation you overheard while you were snooping around - '' `` i was n't snooping , '' i hissed , the blush in my cheeks proving otherwise . 
 i snatched my bottle of water from the chrome holder , chugging it until there was none left and the rage in my veins dulled to a simmer . 
 i put the bottle down and shook my head fiercely as the butler leaped to action . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 his navy blue eyes registered surprise , then shot over to alicia . 
 she must have nodded because he answered , his voice low and unsure . 
 `` miles . 
 miles randall . '' 
 `` thank you , miles , but i can throw my own bottle away . 
 just because someone can afford to be lazy and treat people like they 're nameless cogs in a machine built only to satisfy their every whim does n't mean it 's right . 
 you 're valid , and so am i. '' `` good lord , '' alicia huffed . 
 `` get down off your soap box . 
 the conversation was nothing . 
 if you 're so concerned , why have n't you discussed it with your husband ? '' 
 `` you think i have n't tried that ? '' 
 i fired back , lurching to my feet . 
 i could n't sit here , breathe the same toxic air as her for one more second . 
 `` you think i did n't try everything under the sun before i came to you ? 
 i knew you 'd treat me like i was worthless . 
 probably get in a handful of insults before i even walked through the door . 
 i knew that i 'd leave here disappointed . '' 
 `` then why did you come here ? '' 
 she snapped , showing the first sign of anything other than ambivalence . 
 she reined it in as quickly as she unleashed it , sniffing and rolling her shoulders back . 
 head high . 
 `` why set yourself up for disappointment ? 
 it 's not very bright , dear . '' 
 this time i was the one that stared . 
 eyes boring into the bitter woman in front of me . 
 i knew her past ; how in love with her late husband , carlton whitmore , she was . 
 how his repeated infidelities ate away at her heart until her son was left with the mangled remains . 
 `` you 're telling me that if you knew your husband was keeping a secret , carrying the weight of something heavy and shutting you out , you would n't do everything within your power to fix it ? '' 
 the smug tilt of her head faltered and she blinked rapidly , caught off guard . 
 the vulnerability i 'd hoped for was in the way her lips parted , speechless , and the slight tremble of her chin . 
 had i finally reached her ? 
 could she relate to the helplessness i felt ? 
 the frustration ? 
 the anger ? 
 and then the iron curtain fell back into place . 
 she looked right through me , tapping the stem of her glass . 
 miles moved at the speed of light , filling her glass to the brim . 
 she swirled it , brought it to the tip of her aristocratic nose and inhaled deep before she kissed the rim . 
 after a deep , hearty sip , she gently lowered it back to the table , flicking her perfectly manicured fingers through her hair . 
 `` just because you share my last name does n't mean we have anything in common . 
 i owe you no explanation . '' 
 her eyes darkened , nearly black with animosity . 
 `` i owe you nothing at all . '' 
 before i could reason with her she dismissed me altogether . 
 `` i believe mrs. whitmore has worn out her welcome . 
 please see to it that she 's shown the door , and encouraged to not let it hit her in the ass on the way out . '' 
 tears of anger and embarrassment blurred my view as i stormed out on my own accord , fumbling with my keys before i climbed into the car . 
 as i sped back to the city , back home , an unsettling thought raced through my head . 
 in a way , she 'd answered my question . 
 jacob was right . 
 whatever this secret was , it would change everything . 
 anger turned me inside out , wringing and twisting my heart until i could n't breathe . 
 i would n't become alicia . 
 i would n't sit by while my husband kept secrets and shut me out . 
 i swerved to the shoulder of the road , not even bothering to park as i punched jacob 's number . 
 it only rang once before he answered . 
 i had no time to practice what came next . 
 so i just rolled with it . 
 `` hey ba - '' `` you 're lying to me ! '' 
 i interrupted vehemently , tears piercing my eyeballs . 
 slashing their way down my cheeks . 
 `` you told your mother no more secrets , but apparently it 's just fine to keep secrets from your wife . '' 
 the line went quiet and for one infuriating moment , i thought he hung up on me . 
 but the call was still connected according to my dashboard . 
 `` i 'm not dropping this . 
 it 's not going away , '' i snarled , my chest pumping , rushing to catch up with my racing heart . 
 `` i know what i heard . 
 why wo n't you talk to me ?! '' 
 `` i 'm still sorting through all of this myself , leila ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` i was hit with this information , and then i had to verify it . 
 i had to be certain before i took any action . '' 
 my heart flip flopped in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` baby , talk to me . 
 tell me what 's going on so i can be there for you . '' 
 he let out a heavy sigh and that just made it worst . 
 i could hear how much this weighed on him . 
 my guy . 
 my dom . 
 something was tearing him up inside-and he 'd been going through it alone . 
 i put aside my anger . 
 i could n't change the past . 
 i could only be here for him now . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , jacob . '' 
 the scoff he answered with told me he was n't so sure . 
 `` my father was n't the only one living a lie . 
 i have a younger brother-and he wants to be a part of my life . '' 
