 chapter one while waiting for the consultant to arrive , i tabulate my list of woes on a palace notepad . 
 it has the moldavian crest embossed on each page , a reminder of all the people in the palace who hate me . 
 let me count the ways : 1 . 
 the moldavian press hates me . 
 they think i 'm a `` gold-digging white trash american hotel maid/slut '' who is `` spending all the prince 's -lrb- a.k.a taxpayers ' -rrb- money . 
 2 . 
 since the moldavian press hates me , the european press thinks i 'm a figure of fun . 
 and so do the press of pretty much every part of the world . 
 3 . 
 the queen thinks i can replace the beauteous lady tatiana , the preferred engagement partner for her son , in the way a two-dollar brassiere on discount at target can replace a la perla pearl-studded bustier . 
 -lrb- yeah , that 's what she really thinks of me . -rrb- 
 4 . 
 claire , alex 's sister , has been revealed to be the one who alerted the paparazzi to where i was shopping on alex 's tab . 
 needless to say , i think she did it because she hates me . 
 5 . 
 jasper , the king 's royal chamberlain -lrb- or aide or personal assistant or whatever he calls himself today -rrb- thinks i should be tumble-dried in one of the palace 's laundromats . 
 of course , i 'm going by the level of disdain on his features every time he looks at me . 
 6 . 
 i 'm pretty sure they have been keeping my presence in moldavia from the king , who probably is n't allowed tv or newspapers or internet or any chocolate in the coronary care unit . 
 but once he hears of me , i 'm sure he will keel over from another heart attack . 
 7 . 
 i have n't met tatiana in moldavia yet , but i 'm sure she 's sticking pins into a little voodoo doll of me dressed in a maid 's outfit . 
 alex is seated beside me in the east wing parlor . 
 most of our activities seem to be confined in the east wing , probably because the rest of the royals are afraid of contamination by me . 
 i think they probably think i must have white trash cooties , or something . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 alex says in concern . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what are you writing on that pad ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 just doodling . '' 
 i hastily put it away . 
 `` you look very nice . '' 
 the corners of his lips curl upward . 
 `` is that something you bought the other day ? '' 
 i 'm dressed in a pale pink two-piece suit - extremely well cut to show off my curves . 
 my shoes are christian loboutin , and my hair is swept back in a chignon . 
 if i did n't know who i was , i would have mistaken myself for one of those chic french debutantes who get magazine coverage each time they grace a cannes movie premiere . 
 alex is looking extremely nice too . 
 his longish hair is neatly combed back today , but a stray tuft falls over his forehead appealingly . 
 he wears a dark pinstriped suit and tie which show off his blue-green eyes to marvelous effect . 
 those very blue-green eyes were hovering above my face earlier this morning when he made love to me . 
 i blush to think of us joined together , his c ** k deep inside my pu ** y - his wonderful girth filling my every crevice and secret nooks . 
 i recall his unhurried movements as he grinds himself against me . 
 the sex was leisurely , prolonged , languorous , as though we had all the time in the world . 
 he bent down his head to kiss me from time to time . 
 slow , sweet kisses , full of mouth and tongue and passion . 
 his hands roamed up and down my body , repeatedly rubbing and tweaking my ni ** les even as he increased his rhythm . 
 my groin clenches just to think of what he did - especially at the end when his se ** n gushed forth , completing my climax . 
 jasper strides into the parlor , interrupting my indecent reverie . 
 `` she has arrived , your highness . '' 
 `` thank you , jasper , '' alex says . 
 a woman in her fifties with short blond hair cut close and a pair of sunglasses dangling off a chain around her neck walks in . 
 she is as thin as a pencil , and she is all angles , as though she is made out of papier mache . 
 `` good morning , your highness , '' she rasps . 
 she has a voice like grated pebbles . 
 she glances at me . 
 `` good morning , ms. turner . '' 
 alex gets up and offers her his hand . 
 `` good morning , madame fournier . '' 
 `` morning , '' i squeak . 
 the way she is sizing me up frankly intimidates me . 
 madame fournier holds up an ipad . 
 `` did you see the headlines today ? '' 
 actually , no . 
 i make it a point to avoid them these days . 
 `` which paper ? '' 
 alex says . 
 she shoves the ipad in front of our faces , and starts flipping the ` pages ' . 
 `` american ones . 
 chicago sun times . 
 chicago tribune . 
 new york times . '' 
 uh oh . 
 so they have gotten wind at home of what i 've been up to . 
 i 'm famous ! 
 -lrb- in the wrong way . -rrb- 
 `` let me see that , '' alex says , taking the ipad from her . 
 together , we peruse the headlines with dread . 
 i expected the usual ones : ` out to get his money and a princess title ' . 
 ` american lass snares handsome billionaire prince ' . 
 well , they are all there . 
 and more . 
 my stomach clenches as i see two sub-headlines : ` hotel maid had sex with the prince in a public restroom , ' says her roommate , deanna smith . 
 ` hotel maid quite the slut with the guests , ' says her co-worker , cassandra pelicano . 
 i must have blanched , because alex says , `` liz , are you all right ? '' 
 the room spins a little , and suddenly , alex is propping me up and i 'm leaning against his shoulder . 
 deanna 's face blurs into cassandra 's , their mouths opening and closing without sound . 
 oh shit . 
 `` no , '' i say weakly , `` i do n't think i 'm ok . '' 
 i 'm definitely not ok . 
 in fact , i think i 'm going to be sick . 
 i can take the name-calling from anonymous reporters . 
 even alex 's relatives , who have every right to think i 'm not good enough for their son or brother or cousin or whomever . 
 but deanna ? 
 and cassandra ? 
 how could they do this to me ? 
 how ? 
 `` liz , '' alex 's urgent voice filters through my head , `` it does n't mean anything . 
 they could have been misquoted . '' 
 `` that 's a very real possibility , '' madame fournier says in a kinder tone . 
 i do n't honestly think anyone could have misquoted something like that without being sued . 
 what deanna said was true , of course . 
 i did have sex with alex the very first i met him in a public restroom . 
 but i told her all that in confidence . 
 did she have to blurb it out to the press for her fifteen seconds of fame ? 
 worse still is cassandra pelicano 's statement . 
 i have never , ever behaved the slut with any of the guests at the hotel i worked at . 
 i have never behaved the slut in my college either . 
 i have n't even dated regularly until i met alex. i feel betrayed in the worst possible way . 
 what have i ever done to either of them ? 
 my knees buckle and alex catches me . 
 `` here , liz , sit down . '' 
 i hear the scrape of a parlor chair being pulled and my bu ** ocks are suddenly slammed upon its soft padded seat . 
 my head still whirls . 
 `` do n't mind them , ok ? '' 
 he says urgently . 
 `` do n't mind them . '' 
 easy for you to say . 
 you 're not branded the slut for sleeping around . 
 you 're a prince . 
 it just makes you cool . 
 it 's different for girls . 
 someone shoves a glass of water into my hand . 
 `` drink , liz , '' alex says . 
 i can feel his warmth beside me . 
 jasper was right . 
 the best thing i could have done was go home before any of the headlines hit and forget any of it ever happened . 
 but i love love love alex fiercely . 
 with my entire body and soul . 
 `` what do you suggest , madame fournier ? '' 
 i hear alex say . 
 his voice is sober , all businesslike . 
 `` that 's what i 'm here for as the top public relations consultant in this country . 
 we need to rebrand the two of you to become moldavia 's biggest export . '' 
 chapter two i cry my heart out that night . 
 i cry huge tears that roll down from my cheeks to my pillow . 
 i cry for all the innocence i have lost and all the friends i thought i had . 
 alex is beside me in bed , naked . 
 normally , this would engender that fluttery , hollowing feeling down there , between my legs , but tonight , i am just too upset . 
 i have turned away from him because i do n't want him to see my puffy red face . 
 `` why do n't you give them both a call ? '' 
 he murmurs , lifting a strand of my hair . 
 i shake my head miserably . 
 i do n't think i can talk to or face either one of them again . 
 what 's worse is that deep down inside of me , i believe they are capable of doing it . 
 it may not even be for vindictive or vicious reasons , but simply a chance to bask in the spotlight . 
 deanna always had that ' i want all the attention ' streak in her , and besides , i really did leave her in a co-rental payment lurch when i upped and ran away with alex. as for cassandra , she always did like gossiping about other people , and i do n't mean that in the best of ways . 
 `` how 's your father ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he sighs . 
 `` he 's stabilized somewhat , but he 's still in intensive care . 
 apparently three quarters of his heart muscle has been destroyed and they had to put in a pacemaker just to keep his heart beating . '' 
 oh my god . 
 that 's awful . 
 here i am , sunk in my own petty problems and here is alex , having a very real problem of his own . 
 i turn my tear-sloshed face to him . 
 `` oh alex , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i open my arms to him and he comes gladly to them . 
 we wrap ourselves in a fierce horizontal hug - full-bodied , skin to skin at every contact point , body heat permeating our every fiber . 
 a pang of love fleets through my chest . 
 oh , how i love this man . 
 i love him so so so much that it actually physically pains me . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispers against my neck . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 `` how can i cheer you up ? '' 
 `` i 'll get over it soon . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` you 're supposed to say ` let me count the ways ' . '' 
 i smile despite my tears . 
 my nose is kind of runny , and i do n't feel very attractive . 
 but alex does n't seem to mind as he turns my face towards his with his crooked finger on my chin , and bends his head down to kiss me . 
 we kiss . 
 oh , how we kiss . 
 there 's a groundswell of emotion in that kiss - the pouring of love , pain , guilt , and all the other emotions that we harbor within ourselves but can not articulate . 
 but we have each other , and we are the stronger and better for it , like the augmented effect of two becoming one and multiplying to ten . 
 he 's hard again . 
 i can feel his c ** k pressing against my thigh . 
 `` you ok for sex ? '' 
 he murmurs . 
 i 'm not sure , actually . 
 i 'm still upset , but i 'm certainly up for a little hold-me-tightly and tender loving . 
 i do n't know how to say ` no ' to alex , especially when he 's always so rock hard and ready . 
 besides , his face is so beautiful in the lamplight , with multifaceted rainbow reflections in his blue-green eyes and his full , lush lips half parted in a smile . 
 we 're in my guest room , as always , because he does n't like us to make love in the royal wing where claire and his mother reside . 
 he senses my consternation . 
 `` what do you say i give you a little oral loving instead ? '' 
 he suggests . 
 i would never say no to that . 
 i smile despite my tears . 
 he tosses off the sheets . 
 i am wearing a silk negligee , courtesy of my shopping trip the other day . 
 it 's mauve , lacy and very sheer . 
 i am also wearing matching silk panties . 
 he lifts my negligee and peruses my panties . 
 `` nice . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` thank you for the present , '' i say softly . 
 `` anytime . 
 though i 'd rather they be crotchless . '' 
 the very image of that sends a delicious shudder down my spine . 
 he 's still grinning as he pulls off my panties and slides them off my legs . 
 my dark pubic patch is revealed . 
 his scorching gaze fixes upon it as he takes his languorous time to part my thighs . 
 i blush . 
 i 'm still not used to his intense , sexual scrutiny , no matter how many times he does it . 
 he lowers his head between my thighs . 
 with the index finger and thumb of his left hand , he peels open both my labia so that my quivering clit is exposed to him and the elements . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he purrs . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` tough luck , because i 'm ready . 
 his tongue flickers out and slathers the length of my clit . 
 ooooooooo . 
 i arch my back despite myself . 
 i feel like gripping something in my fists and bunching it . 
 he does it again and again - a slow trail of his tongue tip starting from the very top of my clit hood down its trembling body , and further down to where it meets my orifice . 
 he is going for sensuousness rather than speed , taking his leisurely time . 
 down , lift his tongue up , then starting from the top and down again . 
 repeat . 
 soft sensuous strokes . 
 each sending prickles of sensation throughout my pu ** y. each leaving me wanting more . 
 he varies his movements . 
 single straight flicks merge with wavy lines , and then progress to rotational curls . 
 his tongue dips within my furrows , which are opened like a russian box of secrets . 
 my fingers grab the edges of my pillow and then clamber down to grasp his long , tangled hair . 
 `` ohhhhh , '' i moan . 
 my pu ** y begins to leak despite my earlier reservations that i would not get aroused after being so distressed . 
 this urges him on further . 
 his tongue licks and twirls and gives every part of my pu ** y a good scrubbing . 
 i twist and turn myself , trashing my head to my left and right . 
 the tip of his tongue dips into my pu ** y hole . 
 i gasp , especially as it worms itself in pretty deep . 
 once inside , it oscillates within my pu ** y tunnel , circumnavigating my walls thoroughly . 
 now and then , it strikes against my g-spot , and i ca n't help but attempt to close my legs for the sheer pleasure of it . 
 his hands come down and firmly press my thighs against the mattress . 
 he continues his oral loving , as he calls it . 
 i squirm and writhe in escalating ecstasy . 
 my hands claw his hair , and then dart upward to grasp the headboard , and then the sheets , and the pillow again - all in a succession of pleasurably agitated activity . 
 my pu ** y is creaming and staining the sheets , and he laps my juices up , tasting and savoring them as if they were ambrosia . 
 i moan and make guttural noises in my throat . 
 i feel like climbing the walls . 
 when he finally thrusts two of his fingers into my pu ** y - right smack against the hollow of my g-spot - i explode . 
 i dissipate into a series of helpless cries and shudders . 
 my body rocks violently against his grasping hand , still with his two fingers embedded in me . 
 he throws his torso on top of mine so that i can not squirm away from him , and he takes his pleasure in watching me as i come and come - my juices flowing copiously down his beaked hand . 
 when i slowly descend from my moment of clouds and rain , my body juddering now and again like a livewire , he withdraws his fingers . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 he murmurs . 
 his lips are still smeared with my creams . 
 it 's a most seductive sight . 
 i nod breathlessly . 
 `` want to replace it with a solid member of my body ? '' 
 his smile is teasing and very infectious . 
 i nod again . 
 `` then open your legs , baby . '' 
 my tears have mostly dried , and so i gladly let him mount me . 
 as his wonderful c ** k spears my pu ** y , i focus on his beautiful face above mine - shining and regal and loving . 
 and my troubles melt away . 
 temporarily . 
 chapter three `` your hair is flat , '' madame fournier pronounces . 
 `` what ? '' 
 no one has ever said that to me before . 
 my hair is actually wavy and i 'm rather proud of it because it 's get-up-and-go hair - the kind you can run a brush through once or twice and look fairly decent when you head out of the door . 
 `` it 's flat , '' she decides . 
 `` it needs a makeover . 
 i 'm taking you to moldavia 's top stylist . '' 
 `` he 's not coming to the palace ? '' 
 i ask in amazement . 
 i 'm actually being let out - royal pariah that i am ? 
 `` he needs his paraphernalia . '' 
 she gives me a knowing smile . 
 `` besides , i have a plan . '' 
 the stone-faced jasper takes us to the stylist at rue champignon , a fashionable district with a cluster of upmarket restaurants and shops . 
 the cuisine there is multinational - french , italian , greek , spanish , with even an english pub called ` dirty nelly 's ' . 
 academie de coiffure occupies an entire three-storey section of an 18th century gabled townhouse . 
 the stylist is at the entrance to greet us himself . 
 `` welcome , welcome , '' he says with a french accent . 
 he beams like the moon . 
 `` her hair is flat , do n't you think , monsieur danton ? '' 
 `` flatter than my mother-in-law 's chest . '' 
 ok , i think we have established that my hair needs a total makeover . 
 as i walk in with madame fournier , the ladies in the rather full salon all look up . 
 a hush ripples through the entire place . 
 uh oh . 
 is this really a good idea ? 
 i dart a glance at madame fournier , and she nods comfortingly . 
 `` go on , take a seat . 
 you ca n't hide from the world forever . '' 
 i suppose she has a point . 
 since all this started , i really miss my freedom and anonymity , as much as i love alex. `` this way , please , ms. turner . '' 
 monsieur danton gestures to a chair in a corner , a little distance away from the cluster of now whispering women . 
 i 'm extremely self-conscious as i take my seat . 
 i swear that all eyes in the room are upon me , and the remarks made in mostly french are n't too kind either . 
 monsieur danton himself works on me . 
 he lathers my hair into a generous froth and rinses it . 
 then he gives me a layered cut that shortens my hair length by at least three inches . 
 next , he streaks it with honey and caramel highlights . 
 he finally blow-dries it into a dazzling , shimmering cloud of silky and chunky tresses . 
 `` there now , '' he says with a flourish , `` you look like a zillion bucks , as you americans say it . '' 
 i do . 
 i really do . 
 i 'm beaming into the mirror myself . 
 i will never be really beautiful , but i do believe that with this new hairstyle , i may swing heads . 
 i glance at the entrance of the salon . 
 i can peer through the glass doors , and what i see fills me with dismay . 
 the paparazzi have arrived and are waiting for me . 
 `` oh no , '' i say to madame fournier in a low voice . 
 `` do you think one of the women in here called them ? '' 
 i 'm wary of what happened the last time with claire , of course . 
 `` certainly not , '' she replies . 
 `` it was i who called them . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 ok . 
 color me stunned . 
 `` of course . 
 you need to present a good image to the public . 
 now walk with me outside . 
 hold your head up high . '' 
 i stumble to my feet . 
 i 'm wearing a new pair of pumps . 
 jimmy choos , i believe . 
 i make myself walk without tripping over my feet . 
 my pulse is a hummingbird straining to get out of my neck . 
 all eyes are upon us as i nervously trudge after madame fournier to go out of the door . 
 `` remember , you look like a zillion bucks , '' she murmurs , `` so you have nothing to be ashamed of . '' 
 monsieur danton opens the door for us . 
 with a cringing heart , i step outside , smiling as we practiced . 
 the cameras all go off . 
 * i stare at the newspaper headlines . 
 i 'm on the bottom half of the front page , my hair a glorious vision of mahogany and honey and caramel . 
 the press has now given me a nickname : dizzy lizzy . 
 i suppose it could be worse . 
 the headlines say : ` dizzy lizzy sports new hairdo from famous moldavian stylist . ' 
 madame fournier wears a smug look on her features . 
 `` excellent , '' she pronounces in satisfaction . 
 `` what 's so excellent about it ? '' 
 i complain . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 * rue grenadiers is famous for its eclectic one-of-a-kind boutiques . 
 madame fournier once again makes sure the paps are there when i step into stella catalan 's boudoir . 
 stella catalan is an up and coming moldavian designer , specializing in fluttery , asymmetrical dresses in wonderful fabrics . 
 i step out again , armed with a host of stella catalan paper bags . 
 digital cameras busily click away . 
 the headlines the next day show : ` dizzy lizzy opts for moldavian designer . ' 
 * next , i 'm actually wearing those moldavian designer clothes , which are every bit as fabulous as something you 'd get in milan or paris . 
 i walk down rue grenadiers with madame fournier and jasper -lrb- whose face is as black as thunder -rrb- in this eclectic flouncy chiffon piece in blue . 
 the skirt falls down to my calves asymmetrically and i wrap my top up in a sharp blue and black jacket . 
 the shutterbugs go off again , and this time i 'm really smiling . 
 the next day : ` dizzy lizzy looks sharp in a signature stella catalan jacket and dress . ' 
 the pictures and story carry all over the world . 
 madame fournier has to field calls from magazines as far as the united kingdom who want to do photo spreads on me in moldavian designer clothing . 
 the gist of the headlines : ` moldavian design gets thrust into the world spotlight . ' 
 ` who knew moldavian fashion would rival italy ? ' 
 ` dizzy lizzy not so dizzy anymore ? 
 stuns in cara bouchard original . ' 
 ` liz turner comes into her own commendable fashion style . 
 fashion gurus comment that she may become a fashion icon in her own right . ' 
 oh wow . 
 who 'd ever thought that i - who will largely be found in an oversized t-shirt as my nightgown - would be considered a fashion icon ? 
 * next stop : food . 
 `` does moldavia have any local delicacies ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` our cuisine is mostly french , '' madame fournier says , `` but we do have a few street food snacks here and there . 
 this time , i want both you and alex together . 
 eating is an activity best done in the company of a handsome prince . '' 
 i ca n't help feeling like a puppet as they whisk alex and me off to a local farmer 's market . 
 the press release here will read : ` prince alexander and his american girlfriend , liz turner , take a break from their hectic life to share a bowl of moldavian watercress noodle soup with black nut bread . ' 
 `` there 's a technique to eating while being photographed , '' alex tells me . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` you do n't really eat . '' 
 great . 
 how do i pretend to eat ? 
 the market is thronged with bustling people . 
 stalls everywhere sell produce such as cheeses and vegetables . 
 moldavia imports most of its food from france and italy , having very little land for farming . 
 the market is filled with the aroma of freshly baked products turning in open brick ovens , french pastries , strudels , delicately painted glass dolls and other interesting bric-bracs . 
 legs of lamb turn upon racks , sizzling with spices . 
 reporters and photographers follow our every step as we stop at each stall , smiling and posing . 
 alex chats happily to the locals in french . 
 i nod every now and then , not understanding a word , but still smiling . 
 i 'm terribly afraid that i would look bad in the photos if i smile too widely or if my teeth show too much . 
 how does he stand being under scrutiny all the time ? 
 but of course , he 's gorgeous and he photographs like a guess male model . 
 `` you 're doing well , '' says madame fournier . 
 `` when anyone offers you something , take it and pose with it . '' 
 naturally , every market vendor would like us to sample their product . 
 when they offer us a whole bun , we break off a little bit of the bread and put it into our mouths for the photographers , all the while maintaining our smiles . 
 alex buys sweetmeats and red-cheeked apples and luscious purple grapes . 
 we look every inch the happy young couple in love . 
 well , we are in love . 
 if only everything was n't so staged . 
 when the paps have had their fill of photos to be rushed and sold to every corner of the world , alex says to me in the car , `` my father has been transferred out of critical care this morning . '' 
 `` oh wow , that 's great news ! '' 
 i mean it . 
 alex has been so worried , and he has spent hours and hours every day at his father 's bedside . 
 `` one little catch . '' 
 he clasps my hand , as though preparing me for a momentous announcement . 
 `` he wants to meet you ... alone . '' 
 chapter four my press escapades have not gone unnoticed by alex 's father , it seems . 
 ensconced in the royal suite in the hospital , he has demanded full access to television , cable , media and the internet , even though his doctors have cautioned him against too much excitement . 
 my heart is at the bottom of my new shoes - moldavian designer pumps , to be exact - as i walk to the royal suite with alex by my side . 
 `` relax , '' he says . 
 `` easy for you to say . 
 he does n't have his knives out for your guts . '' 
 he manages an uneasy smile . 
 `` i do n't think he has them out for you , liz . 
 just be yourself . '' 
 that 's the trouble . 
 alex 's family does n't like me because i 'm me . 
 why should his father be any different ? 
 `` will i excite him in any way ? '' 
 i say anxiously . 
 `` i do n't want to be the cause of his second heart attack . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you wo n't . 
 my mother was dead against this , of course , as are his doctors . 
 but my father is ... well , you know . '' 
 alex sighs . 
 yes , i know . 
 his father is the king of moldavia . 
 we stand before two handsome paneled doors . 
 this section of the hospital does not resemble a hospital at all - a plush hotel corridor , more like , with its soft yellow lighting , tasteful wallpaper and watercolors of moldavian landscapes . 
 two black-suited guards with earpieces immediately stand at attention upon our arrival . 
 `` your highness . '' 
 they nod to alex respectfully , and turn to face me . 
 `` miss turner . '' 
 `` is my mother still inside , fabien ? '' 
 alex asks one of them . 
 `` yes , she is . '' 
 `` just wait here a sec , '' alex says to me . 
 he knocks quietly and enters the room . 
 i 'm left out there , standing awkwardly in my cerise blouse with its leaf detail , paired with my new simple white pencil skirt . 
 everything is very well cut and encapsulates my curves appropriately . 
 `` do n't worry , '' fabien says . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` did you like the watercress noodle soup ? '' 
 so he has been keeping up with the newspapers . 
 to be honest , i had only taken a sip from it . 
 not even a single noodle got through my teeth , if i want to be totally honest . 
 `` yes , very much , thank you . '' 
 well , i would have enjoyed it had i actually tasted it . 
 but for some reason that day , my taste buds went on strike . 
 `` my mother used to make it for us when we had the flu . '' 
 his eyes take on a faraway look . 
 `` that 's lovely . 
 does she still make it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she passed away two years ago from lung cancer . '' 
 why do everyone 's parents seem to be afflicted by a serious disease ? 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i genuinely am . 
 fabien seems like such a nice secret service-type agent . 
 but then , everyone i have met outside the royal palace has been nothing but nice . 
 it suddenly strikes me - what this is all about . 
 by ` this ' , i mean the clothes i 'm wearing , the noodles i 'm -lrb- not -rrb- eating , the careful grooming of my public image for the press . 
 i represent ` something ' . 
 even though i 'm not moldavian , their hearts are opened by seeing me - a foreigner who has connections to their beloved prince - embrace their culture . 
 each gesture i make , no matter how small , means something to the moldavian people in different ways . 
 i can touch them . 
 make them take pride in their nation . 
 ` export ' them to the world . 
 the enormity of what i can do and be is staggering . 
 the doors open and alex steps out with his mother . 
 queen emily regards me with cool eyes . 
 she has been spending most of her time at her husband 's side , but she still looks as immaculate as ever - without a hair out of place in her charcoal grey suit . 
 `` good morning , your majesty . '' 
 i almost curtsey , but a look from alex stops me . 
 `` try not to upset him too much , '' she says to me . 
 `` i 'll be holding you responsible if anything happens to him . '' 
 `` mother . '' 
 `` yes , dear , i know . 
 allow an old woman her foibles , all right ? '' 
 she 's making me nervous already . 
 they exit and i enter , the dread pooling in my stomach . 
 i have not seen the king since his ball in the chicago hotel under extremely different circumstances . 
 the immediate chamber is filled with a sofa and armchairs , but beyond this , in another smaller room , the hospital bed proper sits - linked to beeping gadgets and a constant heart monitor . 
 a nurse is tidying up the scattered newspapers on the table . 
 she looks up and nods at me . 
 i glimpse the photo on the front page of one of the newspapers . 
 it 's me and alex , arms entwined . 
 composing myself and making sure my blouse is not tucked out of place , i enter the hospital room . 
 the man i saw earlier in chicago was robust and in the pink of health . 
 he held himself with authority . 
 but now , he is shrunken and shriveled , half his former self . 
 his skin sags , and he has obviously lost a lot of weight and muscle tone . 
 there is a butterfly cannula in his wrist , and his arms are pockmarked with plasters - indicating that he has had lot of needles through his skin . 
 a nasal prong circles his face midway , delivering constant oxygen to his nose . 
 a pang squirms within my chest to see him like this . 
 the heart rate monitor maintains a constant flowing line . 
 i have n't upset him too much by my presence . 
 yet . 
 i curtsey - a damned difficult thing to do in my tight moldavian designer skirt . 
 what do you wear to seek audience with a king anyway in a hospital room ? 
 `` your majesty , '' i say , trying to keep my eyes lowered . 
 `` elizabeth turner , is n't it ? '' 
 he feebly beckons me to come closer . 
 his voice is weak . 
 `` let us have a look at you . '' 
 i move closer in trepidation , as if any contact i have with him will spontaneously cause the cardiac monitor to beep alarmingly . 
 he smells of hospital disinfectant and elderly skin . 
 `` i wo n't bite . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i used to bite , but i wo n't today . '' 
 he holds out his hand , and i clasp it , feeling a little less apprehensive . 
 after all , we both love alex. me more than anything in the world , and i think he senses it . 
 that 's the only commonality so far between us . 
 `` you have been making waves around the world , '' he says . 
 `` it was alex 's idea . '' 
 `` it 's a good thing , and yet not a good thing . '' 
 `` why so , your majesty ? '' 
 `` it 's a good thing because you both are trying hard to give me ... and the world ... a good impression . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` we are trying . '' 
 `` and hopefully succeeding . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 his features grow grave . 
 `` there 's the downside though . 
 it 's not a good thing to go too deeply into this ... because you both are ultimately not suited for each other . '' 
 a sharp dagger pricks my chest . 
 my lower lip trembles as i say , `` but is n't that up to both of us to decide ? '' 
 `` if my son were an ordinary man , that should be the case . 
 but as it is , he is the heir to my throne . 
 moldavia 's throne , in this city-state which is very much still a monarchy . 
 our lives are not ours to dictate . 
 they belong to tradition , family , country . '' 
 `` you married an american woman . '' 
 `` who is an heir to a multi-billion empire in her own right and who can trace her ancestors back to your mayflower . 
 if america had royalty , she would be it . '' 
 this conversation is not going well . 
 i do n't want to stress out the man , but it does n't mean i have to agree with everything he says . 
 there 's a tightrope i have to walk here . 
 and what he says wounds me - very deeply . 
 `` with all due respect , your majesty , is it because i 'm poor ? '' 
 `` allow me to be blunt here , ms. turner . 
 that is partially the reason , but even more worrying is your lack of pedigree . '' 
 yes , i know that . 
 i 've had it hurled and flung like mud onto my face for the past couple of weeks . 
 i was never conscious of my status as a human being before , but the royals have made me very conscious now . 
 it 's almost as though i 'm wearing a skin color not to their liking . 
 i am sorry for the king , lying infirmed like this in bed , but mostly because he has the prejudices of a white man from the early part of the last century . 
 it 's as if the world has moved on , but these royals in moldavia have not and are still living in their closeted ivory tower . 
 or maybe it 's because i have n't been exposed to enough royalty and they all think like this . 
 maybe the entire rich ivy league set thinks like this , and the only ivy league person i have ever been privileged to meet is alex , who sort of spoiled me when it comes to rich ivy league sets . 
 so the king agrees with everyone else and he thinks i 'm white trash . 
 i 'm not even considered white trash where i come from . 
 my mother had a blue collar job , but we did n't live in a trailer park , sleep with every man who comes along and shoot ourselves up with drugs every occasion we got money . 
 and there you see , even that is a stereotype . 
 what right do we have to stereotype anyone ? 
 i say , trying to keep my voice from shaking , `` i 'm not out to trap your son , your majesty . 
 we just happened to fall in love with each other . '' 
 he waves a weary liver-spotted hand . 
 `` i did not love alex 's mother when i first married her . 
 nor did she love me . 
 love came later and stayed throughout our marriage of twenty-eight years . 
 had i followed my heart when i was younger and not my parents ' advice , i would have missed out on a wonderful family . '' 
 not to mention a wonderful fortune . 
 i know i 'm being cynical because i 'm on the wrong end of the interrogation , and maybe i 'm too young and inexperienced - but i do believe in true love , not marriage contracts . 
 he studies my crestfallen face . 
 `` you are a nice girl , elizabeth turner . 
 there 's nothing wrong with you as a person . 
 but no matter how hard you try , you will never be one of us . 
 this is not your fault . 
 meanwhile , i will not interfere with your relationship with alex , as i have never interfered with alex 's relationships in the past . 
 i will merely let it run its course . '' 
 unease stirs inside me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it means that i know my son a lot better than you do . '' 
 his still sharp eyes regard mine . 
 `` i 've seen them come and go , elizabeth turner . 
 i 've watched him declare love for a woman time and again , especially when he wants to defy me for some inexplicable reason known only to the young . 
 `` mark my words . 
 yours is a fling , nothing more . 
 he will do his duty to his family and his people in the end . '' 
 chapter five the king 's words continue to clang in my ears like a haunted bell as i leave the hospital suite . 
 alex is waiting outside for me . 
 he stands up . 
 i immediately put on my ` happy smile ' face . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 he says in concern . 
 `` it was a good conversation , '' i say honestly . 
 it was good in the manner in which it revealed unspoken truths . 
 `` your father is a good man who cares very much for you . '' 
 that too is true . 
 i harbor no ill will against the king , much as i would like to . 
 he is a father , just like any other father , looking out for his son in the only way he knows . 
 the only way he has been brought up to know and to believe that it 's all that matters . 
 i see that now . 
 it 's the same with the queen . 
 they are both not bad people . 
 -lrb- though i ca n't say the same about claire . -rrb- 
 they are just trying to be good parents . 
 `` that 's good then . '' 
 alex hugs me . 
 i melt into his embrace , wishing all my troubles would melt away that easily . 
 my mind tumbles with possibilities . 
 i keep seeing images of alex entwined with amber valetta and all the supermodels he has previously dated . 
 are claire and the king right about him ? 
 am i just a brief fling ? 
 i love alex. there 's no doubt about that . 
 but i 'm also aware of the ups and downs in a relationship . 
 people fall in love , people get married , people break up , people get divorced . 
 it 's all part of the relationship cycle . 
 sometimes it works out forever . 
 sometimes it does n't . 
 of course , alex is unaware of all this going on inside my head . 
 `` you 've had a rough week , '' he murmurs into my hair . 
 `` let me take you someplace nice . '' 
 i nod enthusiastically . 
 chapter six moldavia is basically the sea , the flatlands and a mountainous region which blends into the border of nuernberg . 
 it is to this mountainous terrain that alex takes me to . 
 we drive to the foothills of the mountain range and park at a base camp site . 
 the vista is breathtaking . 
 all around us are snowcapped peaks streaked with green and crimson , topped by the overpowering blue sky . 
 the air is crisp and fresh and a lot cooler than in the valleys , and everything smells of honeysuckle and grass . 
 there 's a nip to the wind as it rushes down the mountains , carrying with it the scent of snow . 
 i 'm glad we came . 
 out here , i feel attuned to nature once again . 
 nature does n't judge people . 
 it just is . 
 a few other cars are parked there as well , indicating there are other hikers aside from us . 
 `` i come here a lot , '' alex says . 
 `` especially when i need to chill out and be alone . '' 
 `` oh , do you want me to go ? '' 
 `` ha ha . 
 funny . 
 i brought you here because i wanted to share it with you and because i think we can both use a break . '' 
 i get that . 
 alex is never one for city life . 
 he much prefers nature and indigenous peoples . 
 i find it hard to reconcile the relaxed , happy man i see before me here with the emotionally irresponsible playboy his parents and sister are trying to paint him to be . 
 then again ... how long have i known alex ? 
 i try to banish these niggling doubts as we strap on our backpacks of supplies . 
 we begin our trek upwards . 
 the mountain foot path is narrow and winding , and slopes gently up at first to fool us into thinking the going is easy . 
 `` you doing ok ? '' 
 alex says . 
 he 's always solicitous , slowing down his pace to let me keep up with him . 
 i 'm relatively fit , thanks to hours of cleaning as a maid . 
 `` no problem , '' i assure him . 
 i desperately want to talk to him about what his father said , but something keeps me mum . 
 how do you talk to a man about his torrid past ? 
 how do you ask him if you are the one he intends to have for keeps - to love , honor and cherish until death -lrb- not family -rrb- do us part ? 
 how do i even begin ? 
 darling , is the sex we are having the best you 've ever had ? 
 i really want to know how i compare with gisele bundchen , and yes , you 're allowed to lie . 
 i 'm saved from having to talk too much as we ascend the mountain because the path veers steeply up from a point onwards . 
 i have to use all my strength just to keep going and not stop , as i 'm tempted to . 
 my calf muscles start to ache something fierce , and my breaths come in short , sharp bursts . 
 `` anytime you want to rest , just holler , '' alex says , seemingly unaffected . 
 i shake my head stubbornly . 
 i 'm going to prove to myself i can climb this mountain by sheer willpower alone . 
 in fact , not just this mountain . 
 i 'm going to climb every mountain . 
 bring them on ! 
 `` you know , you do n't have to push yourself so hard , '' alex says after a while . 
 `` i can make it . '' 
 `` no need for mock bravado . '' 
 `` shut . '' 
 my shins start to feel the strain as we hit the halfway mark . 
 the view here is incredible , and the wind stings my cheeks as it rushes down the mountain . 
 even though my chest is bursting and i 'm starting to see the green stars of oxygen deprivation , i 'm happy . 
 i have n't felt this carefree and relaxed in the longest time . 
 and there 's even something missing - like a shadow that is n't there anymore . 
 oh yes , i know what it is . 
 there 's no paparazzi ! 
 `` at least there are no photographers , '' i manage to mumble . 
 `` that 's why i like it here . 
 the mountain hike is too much for them . '' 
 we are at the three quarter mark when alex holds up his hand . 
 he indicates a little trek - choked with overgrown trees and rocky boulders - that splinters off the main path . 
 `` let 's go down this way . 
 i want to show you something . '' 
 i 'm glad for the level ground , and i manage to catch my breath as i follow him down the curving little trek . 
 the ground here is pebbled and precarious , and i have to watch where i put my feet . 
 alex lends me a hand now and again , and i take it , glad for his warmth and comfort . 
 a pair of startled eyes greets me around some shrubbery . 
 i stop . 
 to my delight , a mountain goat bounds away . 
 `` there are plenty of them here , '' alex says . 
 `` use to be a lot more - whole families of them . 
 but their population dwindled with progress , as with everything else wild and free . '' 
 we round a rocky bend and i stop in amazement . 
 a cave mouth yawns at us , tucked snugly into the mountain like a chamber of secrets . 
 alex grins . 
 `` when i was little , this used to be my hidey hole . 
 come on . 
 i want to show you what 's inside . '' 
 `` you could climb this high when you were a little boy ? '' 
 `` i climbed everywhere . 
 i was a real monkey . 
 still am . '' 
 we enter the cave . 
 the temperature dips considerably and i draw my lined jacket closer around my neck . 
 there 's an unusual stone table of sorts in the middle of the cave , which stretches back about twenty feet . 
 we shrug off our backpacks . 
 alex fumbles for his torch while i bring out my flask . 
 there 's gatorade inside and i take a long cool drink , the liquid spilling from the sides of my mouth in my haste to consume it . 
 `` liz , come over here and look at this . '' 
 he shines upon a spot in the far wall . 
 i wipe my mouth and scramble to my feet to join him . 
 i feel like an intrepid explorer . 
 there are cave markings on the wall - etched by hands far , far older than today 's mountain climbers . 
 an etching of a stick man with frog legs squats before us - faceless but timeless . 
 `` oh wow , '' i say . 
 `` this cave has been studied by archeologists . 
 the frog man is probably thousands of years old , drawn during neanderthal times . '' 
 his face lights up as he gazes upon it , as he has gazed upon it many time throughout his formative years . 
 i study his profile . 
 in the light of the torch , the outlines of his features are clean and well-delineated . 
 he resembles a beautiful fresco on a cathedral wall , painted by renaissance masters . 
 my heart aches for his beauty , for the love between us and the turmoil around us . 
 he turns to me . 
 `` you 've been quiet lately . '' 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 i try to laugh it off . 
 `` yes , you have . 
 i notice these things about you , even if you think i have n't . 
 what did my father say to you ? '' 
 oh scoot . 
 alex adopts a scolding tone . 
 `` oh come on , liz . 
 we 're supposed to share these things . '' 
 reluctantly , i tell him . 
 he sighs when i 've finished . 
 `` i 've never wanted to hurt you , '' he says , `` and so i never really told you about my life . '' 
 you mean there 's something in what your father and claire says ? 
 my heart clenches . 
 i 'm so afraid of hearing something i ca n't bear to hear . 
 i 'm in an extremely fragile state these past few days . 
 i brace myself . 
 `` tatiana and i were informally betrothed since we were twelve . '' 
 he puts his hand on my back and firmly shepherds me away from the frogman and into the light falling across the mouth of the cave . 
 `` when i was twelve , i did n't know much about betrothals and stuff , so i thought it was some sort of game . 
 tatiana used to stay in the palace for months during the school holidays . 
 my father used to call her his ` ward ' . 
 very antiquated , i know . '' 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 i wait , my fists bunching behind me so that he can not see how agitated i am . 
 `` when we both sixteen , she seduced me . '' 
 the word ` seduce ' is like a splinter of pain in my chest . 
 ok , i know alex was far from a virgin when he first met me . 
 i 'd be a fool if i thought he did n't have a past . 
 but it still is a very hard thing to hear . 
 i was right . 
 i 'm not emotionally prepared to be a high profile girlfriend of an international -lrb- former -rrb- playboy . 
 `` we both dated for about two years till i was eighteen and i went off to college . 
 i met other people and she probably did too . 
 nothing was really serious for me . '' 
 he turns to regard me out of his serious blue-green eyes . 
 `` until now . '' 
 my nerves are on tenterhooks . 
 i whisper , `` your father said you 've loved a lot of women , and they never lasted . '' 
 he barks a short laugh . 
 `` i 've had sex with a lot of women . 
 it 's the truth . 
 but love ... '' he shakes his head . 
 `` when we are young , what do we know ? '' 
 we are still young now , i think . 
 but i keep silent . 
 he lifts my chin up to face him . 
 `` do n't think too much about what other people say , liz . 
 our love is between us - you and me . 
 it 's not dictated by my father , my mother or the public . 
 or even by tatiana . '' 
 there 's heat gathering behind my eyes . 
 tears that are threatening to form and spill to the front of my orbs . 
 alex leans over and kisses my lips . 
 i mold myself into that kiss , wanting so much to believe that we have a future and that not everything is what other people make it out to be . 
 his lips are purposeful and commanding and nuanced , and i let the world melt away as i fall into that kiss . 
 his mouth opens and his tongue flickers out insistently . 
 i let my lips part as well , and soon our tongues merge . 
 we kiss and kiss , parting only momentarily for air . 
 his kisses grow more urgent , and his hands snake down my back to cup my bu ** ocks . 
 i 'm wearing jeans and a sweater under my coat . 
 is it me , or has the temperature risen in here ? 
 oh alex , alex. please do n't hurt me . 
 i 've given you my body , my soul , my all . 
 please ... his lips trail from my mouth to my neck , and he begins to kiss me wetly upon my throat . 
 i tip my head back and let him savor the contours of my throat and the sweet spot where my clavicles meet . 
 he tugs at my open coat , pulling my shoulders and arms out of its sleeves . 
 then he yanks at my t-shirt . 
 i let him roll it off my torso and my head . 
 i 'm not wearing anything underneath and my br ** sts spring free in the hazy morning light . 
 i wonder if anyone can see us here at the cave mouth . 
 from where we are , the view opens to a glorious valley between glacier-streaked peaks . 
 down , down below , an icy river washes through a bed of grass - lush and verdant . 
 no one seems to be in sight , but then , you never know . 
 but i need him as desperately as he needs me . 
 i need affirmation - the surety of physical love to assuage my wounded psyche . 
 we shuck off the rest of our clothes in record time , tossing them across the cave floor . 
 my bare feet tread carefully upon the hard cave floor , littered with rocks and pebbles . 
 his pupils are dilated with desire as he leads me to the stone table . 
 it is a large piece of basalt , relatively flat upon its surface ... and smooth . 
 a shiver courses through me as i envision ancient man using it for sacrificial purposes . 
 indeed , i 'm certain someone has lived in this cave . 
 perhaps whole families , or why else would the frogman be there ? 
 `` you ok , baby ? '' 
 his voice is hoarse . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want to take you ... from behind . '' 
 the thought of it excites me . 
 he wants me . 
 not tatiana , not amber and the rest . 
 my libido has scoured away my troubles - at least momentarily . 
 the stone table is raised about two feet from the craggy cave floor . 
 he helps me climb onto it , and i position myself on my hands and knees . 
 my bu ** ocks are sticking into the air and my feet protrude outward from the surface . 
 `` open your legs , baby , '' he says . 
 i broaden the base formed by my two knees so that he can enter the triangle between my calves . 
 i picture him gazing at what he can see of my pu ** y between my legs - my private little cave mouth glistening with wet darkness . 
 i am creaming at the thought of him scrutinizing me in detail . 
 i am overflowing with the mental vision and texture of his c ** k - which i 'm sure is extremely erect - impaling me roughly . 
 ohhhhhh . 
 i steal a look behind . 
 he is naked and as beautiful as a mountain god - one of those ancient ones who roam the hills and forests and comingle with dryads and wood nymphs . 
 his c ** k is lovely and plump , and it already posits at my orifice , waiting to enter . 
 he enters before i can ready myself for it . 
 he enters with a cry and a thrust . 
 the sudden expansion of my walls sends a shuddery signal through my bones , and i clench my jaw as i hiss . 
 i feel his hands on my hips , steadying me for what would be one of his rougher encounters . 
 he begins to move in and out of me , ensuring that my vaginal walls are rubbed with maximal friction . 
 the streams of pleasure begin to swarm like electric currents all over my groin . 
 as he thrusts and withdraws , thrusts and withdraws , his fingers creep to my front to finger my pu ** y. i moan in exquisite agony as his fingertips stroke my clit and the furrows beside it . 
 his penis is the instrument of my libidinous torture as he pumps and pumps into me . 
 sweat beads upon my brow despite the chilliness of our environment . 
 he rocks his hips against mine to ensure an oscillatory output in addition to his back-forth pistoning ones . 
 my g-spot is pummeled and bored against and stroked and teased to merciless ecstasy . 
 and all this while his fingers are pinching my clit and squeezing it , so that i 'm sobbing and moaning and throwing back my head like the wanton slut they say i am . 
 `` oh baby , '' he groans , accelerating his rhythm . 
 i rock my hips back to meet his . 
 after a few fumbled attempts , i manage to meet him head on each time he lunges forward . 
 we are in beautiful concert , the two of us . 
 his c ** k pierces and subdues me , renders my knees into chafed pads as i scrape them against the stone table in vigor . 
 but i am oblivious to the discomfort . 
 my clit and g-spot are of greater sensory concern . 
 i am climbing something , just as i have climbed and conquered the mountain . 
 it builds and builds , this magical upscaling of all my senses . 
 the rock wall of the cave is in front of me - bare - but i imagine ancient etchings of early man and woman coupling upon bearskin rugs . 
 there might have even been a campfire in here . 
 this stone table might have been an altar for virgins to be taken upon by ancient priests before being thrown to the gods . 
 these thoughts , although partially morbid , present a salacious picture to my already fevered mind . 
 as his finger presses down forcefully on the tender nub of my clit , i let myself go . 
 my brain flies to that haven of white light and red sound and blue sky , and the world outside flattens and compresses and whirls like all the colors of the earth and water have blended into one . 
 the waves of pleasure are so intense that they flood my belly and spine and pelvis and chest and everything else beyond and between . 
 i can feel my muscle fibers quivering everywhere . 
 i am wobbling on all fours , and i can hardly feel my kneecaps and palms as they perch - precariously - on the granite . 
 i must have cried out like those ancient virgins have cried out before me - an ululating wail into the roof of the cave which reverberates and bounces against the three walls . 
 the tendrils of pleasure continue to worm their way into every crevice and fold , and i continue to shudder and shudder until i 'm sure i would have shuddered off the stone table had not alex held my waist . 
 as i regain fuller application of my senses , i feel alex 's sperm gush into me . 
 its warmth and wetness spreads throughout my pu ** y , jettisoning into my cervix and the secret curvatures of my womb . 
 not for the first time , i wonder what it would be like to have alex 's baby . 
 oh , the scandal ! 
 none of the royals will ever live it down ! 
 as we both come down to earth and stone and fatigued and very sore muscles , we pause for a moment in our positions . 
 we catch our collective breaths and alex helps me off the table . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 he says . 
 i rub my sore kneecaps . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he 's grinning , which means he 's not sorry at all . 
 `` i 'll get you for that later . '' 
 our spirits seem to have recovered since morning , and we put on our clothes again and slowly make the trek to another summit . 
 chapter seven it is right after one dinner with alex that jasper summons me to an antechamber . 
 alex is chatting to the palace chefs regarding the type of menu his father requires when he comes home - probably a long time from now as the king still requires intensive monitoring . 
 jasper appears quite secretive , which is unusual for him . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i ask . 
 it 's nice to be ` wanted ' for once by jasper , who usually thinks i 'm slightly above kitchen sink scum when it comes to bestowing attention . 
 he hands me a note . 
 frowning , i open it . 
 it says : ` please meet me tomorrow at 2.30 pm . 
 a car will be waiting at the palace east wing entrance . 
 we have much to talk about . 
 do not let alex know you are meeting me . 
 tatiana . ' 
 jasper eyes me knowingly . 
 for the first time , he almost smiles . 
 `` i do suggest you go , ms. turner , '' he says in that dulcet tone of his . 
 `` you might find it quite interesting . '' 
 chapter eight i tell alex i 'm going out shopping , which is n't a big deal because i have been making it a daily routine to go shopping - moldavian-style , of course . 
 alex has to go to work anyway . 
 i was surprised to find that princes actually do work . 
 `` i 'm on the board of directors for several companies , '' alex explains , `` and yes , i do have to work . 
 as does my mother . 
 it is n't just lip service . '' 
 i 'm sure his job is more glamorous than a hotel maid 's . 
 anyhow , my nerves are jangling as i make my way down to the east wing entrance at 2.30 p.m. sharp . 
 i 'm dressed in one of my non-moldavian dresses , with a moldavian jacket slung around my shoulders . 
 nothing like mixing modern styles from different ethnicities . 
 i 'm sure that tatiana will not be choosing a public place for our tete-a-tete . 
 then again , i ca n't be sure . 
 after all , what do i know about her ? 
 i have never even spoken to the woman in my entire life . 
 everything i know about her has been painted for me in a portrait larger than life . 
 tatiana has been in turns glamorized , lionized , put on a pedestal and made to look like yesterday 's news - all in one sitting . 
 how much of it is true ? 
 a sleek magenta rolls royce with darkened windows is waiting for me at the entrance , as promised . 
 so she is punctual . 
 a good thing . 
 i get into the backseat . 
 butterflies invade every part of my anatomy . 
 lady tatiana natasha guernberg is seated there , and she gives me an encouraging smile . 
 ok , fallacy one disposed of . 
 she does n't have fangs and two horns sticking out of her head . 
 her hair is as red and vivid as i remember it , and it is augmented by carefully constructed curls that must have taken hours of perming in a salon not unlike the one i went to . 
 her clothes are in the color of what designers consider ` nude ' . 
 -lrb- you see ? 
 i 'm getting really good at fashion . -rrb- 
 the bodice of her dress is embellished with a pearl and mother-of-pearl motif . 
 i 'm willing to bet those are real too . 
 `` how are you today ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` good . '' 
 i 'm extremely conscious of how ordinary i look compared to her . 
 she possesses an old world beauty that harkens back to glamorous movie stars from the last century - like marlene dietrich and grace kelly . 
 if there 's anyone who resembles a real life princess , even though she is n't technically one , it 's tatiana . 
 her lips are painted scarlet and she does n't have a hair or thread out of place . 
 up close , her skin is flawless . 
 she 's breathtaking in every way . 
 my guts shrivel . 
 how can i possibly compete with this ? 
 but you have , a joyous inner voice sings . 
 you have and you 've won . 
 this is n't a game , i tell myself sternly . 
 where matters of the heart are concerned , it is never a game . 
 but i ca n't help feeling elated . 
 i mean - i 'm nothing special . 
 just look at me . 
 all i can manage to be is to look fairly attractive in designer clothes . 
 to think that alex prefers me -lrb- momentarily -rrb- over this exquisitely beautiful goddess is nothing short of a marvel in itself . 
 and alex clearly desires me . 
 i can feel it in the c ** k pressing against my thigh every morning at dawn when we both wake up together . 
 `` drive on , manfred , '' tatiana instructs the chauffeur . 
 `` and put up the glass , please . '' 
 the rolls royce revs off smoothly . 
 a glass window slides into place between the front seats and the back , effectively soundproofing us from the driver . 
 i grip both my fists . 
 my fingernails have been nicely manicured and done up in mauve . 
 tatiana 's fingernails are as scarlet as her lips . 
 `` you must be wondering what i called you out here for , '' she says pleasantly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i wanted to meet you ... in private . '' 
 her cool brown eyes are appraising . 
 `` you are very attractive . '' 
 the underlying tenor suggests ` but not even close to me ' . 
 maybe i 'm reading too much subtext into everything . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` i can see why he likes you . 
 we are like chalk and cheese , you and i . 
 he must relish the contrast . '' 
 `` i would n't know . 
 he does n't share his preferences with me when it comes to women . '' 
 that is true . 
 alex does n't . 
 he does n't talk much about his women in general . 
 `` are you pregnant ? '' 
 her blunt question takes me unawares . 
 i do n't like what she 's implying either - that alex is with me just because i 'm pregnant . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i protest . 
 i want to add , `` how can you even think of asking me something like that ? ' 
 but it would only take the already charged atmosphere in the car up another notch . 
 `` it 's a fair question , '' she says . 
 `` but not something you 'd ask a total stranger , '' i reply pointedly . 
 `` i do have a stake here . '' 
 `` but still - '' it is not the best of starts . 
 tatiana seems to realize this because her next sentence is conciliatory . 
 she says , `` anyway , i did n't call you out here to have an argument over a man . '' 
 i 'm a little bolder now . 
 the adrenaline boost was what i needed . 
 `` what did you call me out here for , tatiana ? '' 
 `` to get to know you . 
 and to let you get to know me . 
 after all , we could be friends in a different life . 
 we are not so dissimilar - you and me . 
 we both love him . '' 
 funny , but before this , i never thought tatiana would be capable of loving anyone . 
 but i realize that it is my subconscious that was making her a monster . 
 of course she 's capable of loving someone . 
 and who more than alex , who commands attention in every way ? 
 i study her eyes . 
 her pupils are wells of deep sincerity . 
 she nods , and her curls bob . 
 `` oh yes , i do love him . 
 i do n't know what you have been led to believe , but i do love him . 
 just as he has once loved me . 
 you see , i have heard many things about you , elizabeth . 
 vile , nasty things . 
 possibly nastier things than you 've heard about me . '' 
 a stab of pain shoots through my chest . 
 no one likes to be told bad things about themselves , least of all me . 
 and what she says wears the harsh truth . 
 the press has been nothing short of vindictive in their portrait of me as the penniless gold-digger who is trying to entrap their beloved prince . 
 it just never occurred to me that someone else would have a less flattering portrait of me than i have of her . 
 i 've always seen myself as the poor , oppressed underdog in this - never the villainess . 
 `` but i choose to reserve judgment until i get to know you for myself , '' she continues . 
 `` and what do you think ? '' 
 i whisper , my heart thudding . 
 she smiles mysteriously . 
 `` i would n't know . 
 it 's too soon , and i hardly have begun to skim the surface of getting to know you . 
 often , the affairs of the heart are not revealed for years ... and sometimes when it 's too late . '' 
 `` i love alex , '' i declare . 
 `` it does n't matter what anyone else thinks about me , but it 's the truth and nothing but the simple truth . '' 
 `` well said . 
 i feel the same way about him as well , and it will be nothing but the plain truth . '' 
 so here we are , back at square one . 
 two adversaries facing off . 
 what do women do in a case like this ? 
 simple . 
 the man chooses . 
 this fact is obvious in the air between us , and i do not have to mention it to know that tatiana knows it too . 
 it occurs to me that the scenery is changing , and we are travelling down a speedway . 
 we whiz past other cars . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i say . 
 a perverse thought comes to me - am i being kidnapped ? 
 no , no , banish the thought . 
 this is moldavia , paean of european culture and sophistication . 
 still ... tatiana says , `` i thought i would show you nuernberg , my city state . 
 at the end of this trip , i hope to be able to convince you , elizabeth turner , to cede your claim over my betrothed , alexander vassar - for nothing but the greater good . 
 and yes , that includes the greater good for alex , the people , me , the rest of the royal family , and especially you . '' 
 chapter nine nuernberg is landlocked . 
 it is a city state where the language is predominantly german . 
 unlike moldavia , whose scenery boasts fashionable streets and casinos and tourists and yachts bobbing upon the glittering mediterranean , nuernberg is a notch less glamorous . 
 it has more plains which are grazed by cows , more banks and other financial institutions . 
 its buildings are more neo-classical and greyer in stone . 
 it gives the impression of being more serious than the festive moldavia . 
 tatiana says , `` in recent decades , we have lost out to switzerland in banking and finance . 
 the recent collapse of the european economy has also not been kind to us , and we are far more affected than moldavia . '' 
 i see . 
 alex did warn me that his purported engagement to tatiana was a political ploy . 
 it 's strange to be discussing the reasons for this proposed marriage so rationally and calmly , when inside , i know i should be fighting tooth and nail to keep my boyfriend . 
 `` it 's clear that nuernberg will benefit from having stronger ties to moldavia , but how would moldavia benefit ? '' 
 i say . 
 my fingers are squeezing the fabric of my dress . 
 `` the two city-states complement one another . 
 we have the established private banks , which would do moldavia well to have a firmer grasp on . 
 we have the security companies . 
 we are not going to be the poorer nation forever , and the king is a long-sighted man who sees this . 
 my father is a duke , and nuernberg has always been a duchy . 
 i am his only daughter . 
 i would do whatever he asks of me . '' 
 `` so is it more of duty than love that compels you to marry alex ? '' 
 `` it started off that way when we were children . 
 but along the way , we became lovers and friends . 
 to answer your question , i do love alex. '' tatiana 's eyes blaze . 
 `` i love him enough to put up with all his indiscretions . 
 make no mistake - what you have with him is nothing more than a notch in his longstanding rebellion against his father . 
 honestly , he has not grown up emotionally from his teenage years . '' 
 i wince . 
 i want so much to believe that it is n't true , that what alex and i have is different and real . 
 but i ca n't help feeling that there is a kernel of truth in what she is telling me . 
 her expression grows sadder . 
 `` believe me . 
 i have seen them come and go . 
 i have endured them . 
 every affair is a sledgehammer to my chest , every pap photo a needle in my heart . 
 but i will always stay by his side , like a partner who must love and support him despite his faults . '' 
 i remain silent . 
 `` would you have done the same for him ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i do n't know . 
 i have endured ridicule and scorn . 
 i 've had my name globally dragged through the mud . 
 but alex has never cheated on me , nor do i expect him to . 
 if he does , will i forgive him ? 
 it is not a possibility i 'm ready to contemplate . 
 alex is my first real serious relationship . 
 i have no reference , no yardstick of measurement . 
 i find my tongue . 
 `` you claim to love alex , but does he love you ? 
 so far , i have only heard one-sided declarations . 
 he has never professed to me that he loves you . '' 
 she laughs . 
 it 's a short , painful laugh . 
 `` please ... men will say anything to a woman they currently love . 
 he will make you feel that you are the one and only . 
 but it does n't last . 
 not for him . 
 trust me , he has done that to me as well , and i also believed him then , with stars in my eyes . 
 i am older now , and wiser . '' 
 she opens her purse and rifles in it . 
 she takes out a greeting card - yellowed at the edges . 
 `` if you do n't believe me , read this for yourself . '' 
 i take it . 
 it 's a valentine day 's card . 
 embossed , grand , with gold trimmings and a heart-shaped decoration in front of it . 
 inside is alex 's handwriting . 
 the ink is yellowed with age , but the sentences are still unmistakable . 
 ` to tatiana natasha , my one and only true love . 
 alex. ' each written word is a hammer to my heart . 
 i 've wanted to believe so much that i am the only woman alex has ever said those words to , but it clearly is n't the case . 
 `` so you see , '' tatiana says , `` he does n't lie , but he does n't tell you the whole truth either . '' 
 `` when was this ? '' 
 i demand . 
 i did n't mean it to come out brusque , but my hurt spools over and manifests itself in my voice . 
 `` why should that matter ? '' 
 `` it does matter . 
 people evolve when they grow older . 
 people do have exes . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 you too may become an ex . 
 it has happened to me ... in cycles . 
 again and again . '' 
 she takes the valentine card and carefully puts it back in her purse . 
 i can tell by the way she handles it that she truly treasures it . 
 she loves alex. she really , really does . 
 tatiana says , `` which brings us to my next topic . 
 i think we are clear here that i would like you to leave alex for the sake of my country and his . 
 pedigree-wise , i am far better than you can ever hope to be . 
 i 'm sorry to have to lay it out so brutally , but it 's the truth and i think you appreciate honesty . 
 i bring sophistication , money , titles and breeding into a marriage . 
 his family loves me , and i will be a very fitting bride to his empire . 
 `` i have lived this life since i was born , so i know how to navigate through it . 
 you are but a babe amongst the wolves . 
 i understand how royalty and politicians think . 
 i know the captains of industry . 
 i am a wonderful hostess . 
 i will be an exemplary royal wife and a queen our countries will be proud of . 
 i am the wife that alex needs . '' 
 i am listening . 
 the pain is gathering within me , filling my heart to bursting proportions , but i 'm listening . 
 `` additionally , i understand your concerns . 
 i understand that you may not wish to give up the love of your life so easily . 
 i do not wish you to be compromised when you return to chicago , seeing the notoriety that you 've generated . 
 so i 'm going to offer you a deal . 
 i understand that your mother is facing financial hardship . '' 
 my eyes narrow . 
 `` if you go back to chicago - first class , all expenses paid - i am willing to offer you three million us dollars . 
 that will set you and your mother back for life . 
 you need n't work a day any longer , unless you wish to . '' 
 her eyes brim with emotion . 
 `` take it , elizabeth turner . 
 do it for alex and yourself . 
 this offer may not last forever . 
 if you take it now , you will be three million dollars richer . 
 you are free to start your life again in any way you see fit . 
 but if he dumps you down the line , which he inevitably will because he must bow to royal pressure , you and your mother will have nothing . 
 you will have to go back to america penniless , and with your name besmirched . '' 
 chapter ten i wander through the next few days in a daze . 
 i told tatiana i needed to think about it , of course , and she agreed . 
 everything she says is true . 
 she has the class , the pedigree , the money , the breeding to be a queen . 
 on paper , i can bring nothing to alex. i have no money , no honored family name . 
 by being with him , i have only brought him strife with his family and people . 
 i am no good for him . 
 if i love him , i should leave him . 
 and i do love him . 
 i love him so very , very much . 
 do i love him enough to leave him ? 
 the question ... and decision ... hangs above my head like a proverbial sword . 
 alex notices my pensiveness . 
 `` hey , did you see the papers today ? '' 
 he says , trying to cheer me up , incorrectly thinking that i 'm still affected by bad press . 
 `` the tide is turning . 
 your former employer , mr. mango or something ... '' `` mr. mangorean , '' i correct him gently . 
 `` yes , that 's the one . 
 he says you have always been an exemplary employee . 
 always punctual , always meticulous , ready to take one for the team if someone calls in sick . '' 
 i smile despite myself . 
 it 's nice to know that not everyone thinks i 'm a douchebag . 
 alex takes my face in his hands and kisses my forehead . 
 `` hey , i 'm in this with you , remember ? 
 us against the world ? '' 
 i nod , melting into his warmth . 
 i hug his waist in return . 
 oh alex. it does n't have to be you against the world . 
 you do n't have to do this for me . 
 i think i have already made my decision . 
 i 'm making it because i love alex more than anything else in my life . 
 * i take a deep breath as i dial tatiana 's private number on my cellphone . 
 she picks it up on first ring . 
 `` elizabeth ? '' 
 `` i 'll leave for chicago . '' 
 there 's a palpable relief on the other side of the phone . 
 `` wise choice . 
 text me your bank account number . 
 the money will be transferred to you as soon as you touch down in chicago , you 'll have my word . 
 the condition is that you will never attempt to contact alex again or reciprocate if he attempts to contact you . '' 
 `` i do n't want the money . '' 
 there 's an astonished silence . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` i said i do n't want the money . '' 
 i pause . 
 somewhere down the line , someone is going to be repeatedly telling me i 'm making a huge mistake . 
 but i do n't want tainted money . 
 it is n't right . 
 `` may i ask why ? 
 you do understand the terms of the agreement ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i will never contact alex again or reciprocate if he attempts to contact me . '' 
 it has happened before . 
 i remember crying in my bed when he stood outside , pleading with me outside my door . 
 that was his first strike against tatiana . 
 i do n't hate tatiana . 
 i do n't think she 's a bad person . 
 i truly think that she will make alex a good wife . 
 they are both cut from the same cloth . 
 i am not from his world . 
 i see that now . 
 `` and yet you do n't want the money ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` i do n't want the money . '' 
 i 've had this rehearsed speech , but it has blown out of the window , and i 'm relying on my raw emotions . 
 `` i 'm doing this ... for him . 
 because he deserves better than me . '' 
 there 's a pregnant pause . 
 `` you 're a good woman , elizabeth turner . 
 i wish we could have met under different circumstances . '' 
 we would probably never have met under different circumstances , i do n't say . 
 * the only thing i am taking from tatiana is my one-way plane ticket back to chicago and some cab money . 
 i am a coward . 
 rather than to go through challenging explanations and teary goodbyes , i decide to write alex a note . 
 it is early afternoon and alex is nicely tucked away at work in one of the many companies he heads . 
 i 've packed only the clothes i came in . 
 i have left everything else i bought here on alex 's expense account in the closets of my guest room . 
 just like taking money from tatiana , it would n't be right . 
 i sit down to write the note . 
 my heart is leaden as i move my hand pedantically to scribble the words on the palace notepaper with the embossed moldavian seal . 
 ... i 'm sorry ... ... i have decided to go back home because i ca n't take the pressure anymore . 
 this is your life , not mine , and i do n't think i can live a day longer in such trying circumstances ... ... goodbye . 
 i will always treasure our moments together . 
 ... do n't try to contact me . 
 i will not return this time . 
 that last hurts the most of all . 
 my tears are rolling down my cheeks and dripping off my chin , and i sign the note with a shaky hand . 
 i seal the envelope and write alex 's name on it . 
 then i put it on his pillow - the pillow on his side of the bed in the guest bedroom that we share . 
 since we 've come home , alex has not slept a single night away from my side . 
 i 'm doing the right thing , i convince myself for the hundredth time that day . 
 i dry my tears by scribbling little goodbye notes to the king , queen and even claire , thanking for their kindness in having me as a guest . 
 i place these carefully on my desk where they can be picked up by the maid . 
 i pick my backpack up and head downstairs . 
 jasper is waiting for me in the hall . 
 he is the only one in the palace i have told of my plans . 
 needless to say , he approves . 
 he smiles . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i do n't feel any animosity towards jasper . 
 like everyone else , he 's just looking out for the royal family , a family he has come to call his own . 
 we go into the car . 
 jasper gets into the front passenger seat . 
 we are in the exact same position as we were when i first arrived - a fitting coda to my sojourn here . 
 he turns to me . 
 he looks less displeased than i have ever seen him . 
 `` you 're not a bad person , ms. turner . '' 
 `` i never was . '' 
 `` what you 're doing is admirable , and i respect that . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` under different circumstances ... '' he lets it trail . 
 no , i will him . 
 do n't say that under different circumstances , we could have been friends - because we never will . 
 thankfully , he does n't finish the sentence . 
 i look back at the palace as the car drives out towards the gates . 
 its image sears in my mind , forever imprinting itself as a bittersweet memory . 
 chapter eleven i 've checked in and i 'm holding my boarding pass in my mouth as i bend over to tie my shoelaces . 
 i 'm in the clothes i came in as well - a halter top and jeans . 
 the boarding announcement has just gone up , and the passengers on my flight - to london , and which would subsequently connect to chicago - are already forming two lines : one for first and business class and the other for coach . 
 i 'm on first class , the only concession i 've allowed myself . 
 at least i deserve a good night 's rest after all the emotional turmoil i 've been through . 
 `` liz ? 
 liz ! 
 stop ! '' 
 i look up , as do the other passengers around me . 
 alex is running down the terminal passageway , dressed in his suit and tie . 
 my heart sinks . 
 i really do n't want a scene . 
 the note was bad enough . 
 and what is he doing off work so early anyway ? 
 has someone from the palace alerted him ? 
 excited chatter buzzes around me as many of the passengers recognize who he is . 
 alex 's physical perfection is unmistakable - the floppy almost shoulder-length hair , the intense blue-green eyes , the marvelous composition of his features against his cheekbones . 
 several passengers raise their digital cameras and cellphones to snap both alex and myself . 
 earlier , none of them recognized me because of what i 'm wearing . 
 it 's amazing how much we are defined by what people expect of us . 
 alex slows down as he comes up . 
 he 's panting slightly as though he has sprinted the past few miles -lrb- and maybe he has -rrb- . 
 his face is ashen . 
 `` liz , why ? '' 
 there 's pain in his voice . 
 i wince . 
 i never planned for this scenario , and so i do n't have a rehearsed script . 
 i 'm also a naturally honest person . 
 i ca n't tell bald face lies very well . 
 sure , i can do it on paper ... but with alex 's beautiful , pleading face with all the hurt in the world etched upon it ... i 'd have to be made of stone . 
 i 'm aware that everyone is watching us , snapping photos continuously and listening to every word we say . 
 i stammer , `` it 's like i said on my n-note . '' 
 `` yes , that note . '' 
 he sounds positively angry . 
 `` yes . 
 i-i ca n't take the pressure anymore . '' 
 i dart a glance at everyone around us . 
 `` i ca n't stand being in the spotlight anymore . 
 it 's too trying on me . 
 i 'm having sleepless nights ... '' `` liz , i sleep with you every night . 
 why the sudden about turn ? 
 and why have n't you talked to me about this ? 
 if you were having problems coping , you should have just told me - '' he stops short . 
 `` oh god , this is not you . 
 someone put you up to this . '' 
 his eyes snap fire . 
 `` is it my father ? '' 
 this is all going so wrong . 
 `` no . '' 
 i shake my head vehemently . 
 i 'm not going to drag anyone into this . 
 `` i 'm doing this for us . 
 you deserve better than me , alex. you deserve someone of your stature , and whom your family loves . '' 
 `` i 'll be the judge of who i 'm going to be with , thank you very much . '' 
 his mouth thins . 
 `` it 's obvious that you have been talking to the wrong people . 
 do n't try to deny it , because i know you , liz . 
 i know you well enough to know you 're doing this because you think it 's in my best interests . 
 but let me be the judge of what 's in my best interests . 
 geez , you sound exactly like my father ! '' 
 i open my mouth to say something , but nothing comes out . 
 he 's right - every single word of it . 
 `` i 'm going to do something in my best interests . '' 
 he 's on a roll - all fire and brimstone and righteous angst . 
 to everyone 's amazement , he gets down on one knee before me . 
 yes , i know . 
 my jaw is on the floor like everyone else . 
 his eyes are burning as he says , `` liz , will you marry me ? '' 
 chapter twelve i 'm floored . 
 i 'm more than floored . 
 the expectant faces all around me - wearing expressions of delight , surprise and absolute shock , the shock of watching a historical moment in the making - whirl into a murky flotsam . 
 oh my god , i think i 'm going to faint . 
 indeed , the sounds are starting to blend into the pounding of blood in my ears . 
 my vision spins . 
 no , no , liz , this is your moment , and you 're not going to spend it lying passed out on an airport floor ! 
 i almost ca n't catch the rest of what alex is saying . 
 he is still on bended knee , his beautiful face earnest . 
 he says , `` i 've spent a lot of time thinking about what i want , and i want us to be together , liz . 
 you are the one who has stood beside me when everyone was against us . 
 hell , they are still against us . 
 you are the one i want to be with for the rest of our lives . 
 no one has the right to dictate what we can or can not do , who we can or can not love . 
 this is the twenty-first century ! 
 `` so before all these witnesses - '' people are filming this with their camcorders and cellphones , knowing this will bring them a goldmine on tmz . '' 
 - i 'm imploring you to marry me . 
 moldavia needs a modern princess with a heart , not some archaic tradition most of our citizens below thirty have never even heard of . 
 we royals need to flow with the times . 
 we need an upgrade . 
 this is not to say i 'm asking you to marry me for political reasons . 
 i 'm asking you to marry me because i love you , and i know you love me , and we deserve to be together for the rest of our lives . '' 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 `` so what do you say , liz ? '' 
 the air crackles with electricity . 
 there is not a murmur in the house . 
 all faces swing from him to me . 
 everyone is looking at me , expecting me to say something . 
 anything ! 
 what do i want ? 
 oh , do i even have to ask myself ? 
 i still myself to block out everyone else except alex. he is the reason i 'm here . 
 his proposal changes everything . 
 no longer will i have to be afraid that he is going to dump me down the line . 
 well ... you know what i mean . 
 he can still dump me , but i 'm on firmer footing . 
 anyway , i do n't think of alex that way . 
 my eyes are brimming with tears as i say in a small voice , `` yes . '' 
 the crowd whoops with delight and cheers as alex gets to his feet to sweep me in a bear hug . 
 i 'm crushed in his fervent embrace , but i do n't care if all the breath is knocked out of me , because i 'm wrapping him in my arms equally as tightly . 
 it 's nice to know that the common people are generally happy for us . 
 a commotion parts the crowd . 
 jasper elbows his way through , flanked by a couple of aides . 
 uh oh , i think . 
 they 're coming to separate us and tell us it ca n't be done . 
 `` your highness . '' 
 jasper wears the gravest of expressions . 
 `` may i have a private moment ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 jasper glances at me . 
 `` alone , if you please , your highness . '' 
 `` i 've just asked liz to marry me , jasper , and she said yes . 
 anything you say to me can be said to her as well . '' 
 jasper is momentarily stunned . 
 his eyes flit , and then he nods . 
 `` step this way , please . '' 
 my heart beating , i follow alex and jasper as the aides usher us to a room . 
 it is empty . 
 jasper closes the door . 
 `` your highness , you may want to sit down . '' 
 `` cut the crap , jasper , '' alex says irritably . 
 `` i 've had a long and very trying day for most part . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` your father , the king , is dead . '' 
 all three palace aides are the portrait of utmost solemnity . 
 i 'm speechless . 
 as is alex. jasper adds , `` long live our new king . '' 
