 seven **** jacob whitmore was terrified . 
 he stood at the balcony , a tense grip on the railing . 
 i braced myself for him to tell me that i 'd forgotten my place . 
 that he owed me no explanation . 
 but when he faced me , his eyes told the truth-and the last emotion i ever expected to see in the blue fire that was his gaze cut to my very soul . 
 i forgot my righteous anger and the claws of fear that scratched my throat and rushed toward him . 
 before he could open his mouth , before he told me he was okay , i threw my arms around his neck and held on for dear life . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , baby . '' 
 i squeezed him tight , believing my words . 
 we could face and conquer anything together . 
 he did n't return the hug , separating himself almost instantly . 
 the second time i looked into his eyes his guard was up , hiding the flash of vulnerability i 'd seen . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you sooner . '' 
 the apology was a pleasant surprise , but no way would i let it go that easily . 
 i squared my shoulders and put my hand on my hip for good measure . 
 `` i was so worried , jacob . 
 at first i did n't know if it was me . 
 or someone else - '' `` like who ? '' 
 every perfect inch of his face turned to stone . 
 `` rachel ? '' 
 i waved a hand through the air , trying to clear out the negative energy . 
 her name alone filled the air around us with animosity . 
 `` or whoever . '' 
 i locked gazes with him , wanting to make my point very clear . 
 `` it 's the fact that you did n't talk to me . 
 that you did n't turn to me or believe that i could handle it . '' 
 i paused and shook my head when he prepared a rebuttal . 
 `` there 's no excuse you can give that will change how hurt i am . 
 i 'm your partner , jacob . 
 you ca n't shut me out . 
 we 're better than that . '' 
 i could tell from the stubborn set of his jaw that he did n't appreciate me essentially shushing him , so i moved closer . 
 i brushed his cheek with my fingertips . 
 he shut his eyes , like he was savoring my touch , and the faintest hint of a smile fluttered across his lips . 
 when he opened his eyes , an emotion i 'd never get enough of shined down at me . 
 love . 
 he fondled one of my curls , his voice low and intent . 
 `` you know how i feel about repeating myself , but i 'll make an exception . 
 i know i should n't have kept this from you . 
 you mean the world to me , lay . 
 i do n't want you to ever question my commitment to us , or think that i am shutting you out . '' 
 he leaned in , his forehead pressed against mine , his words wrapping me in the sweetest embrace . 
 `` i love you ... and i 'm sorry . '' 
 tears blurred my vision , but i sniffed and held them back . 
 i lifted on my toes and pecked him on the cheek . 
 `` so you have a long lost brother . '' 
 i nibbled on my bottom lip , trying to figure out a way to state the obvious . 
 `` that should be good news-but it is n't . '' 
 jacob inhaled deep , releasing the breath in the form of a exhausted groan . 
 `` it 's not a matter of good and bad . 
 it would be easier if it was that black and white . '' 
 he loosened his tie , then changed his mind and took it off altogether . 
 he turned to the iron cart near the fire pit where a glass and a nearly empty bottle waited . 
 he swiped the bottle , tipping it in the direction of the wine glass , then shrugged and threw it back instead . 
 the first reaction that came to mind was to gawk ; i 'd never seen him drink anything straight from the bottle , desperate for the courage . 
 but i put aside my shock and went with option b. i 'd literally just told him that he could turn to me , that we were a team . 
 the last thing he needed right now was me to stare at him like he 'd just sprouted a second head . 
 i made my way to the chaise , waiting for him to finish the bottle . 
 he slammed it onto the cart like he 'd just taken a shot , the clang of it making me jump . 
 when he turned back to me , he arched an eyebrow , clearly waiting for me to make some unwelcome comment . 
 i said nothing , only nodding at the chair beside me , letting him make the next move . 
 he strode to his chair , and lowered himself without a word . 
 his eyes were locked on the sky , his hands folded behind his head . 
 i joined him , swinging my legs over and sinking back with a sigh . 
 we had n't even gotten to the meat of what happened , but the stars seemed to twinkle brighter . 
 stronger . 
 for the first time in days , i did n't just see the darkness . 
 the light shone just as brightly . 
 `` it happened two weeks ago , '' jacob said finally , his deep , sure voice breaking the silence . 
 `` i went to lunch at bite with kirkman to discuss the expansion . '' 
 i nodded , remembering how much jacob had been dreading that meeting . 
 there were talks about opening a whitmore and creighton pr agency in los angeles . 
 it was an obvious move considering the glitz , glamour , and perpetual scandal that permeated the hollywood hills , but with a steady influx of new clients here and abroad , jacob had a full plate . 
 `` we 'd barely put in our drink order when this kid dashes to the table , '' he continued gruffly . 
 `` he was on staff , but he was n't our waiter . 
 he could barely speak without tripping on his next word and he was just staring at me with stars in his eyes . 
 i assumed he was a fan and thanked him for watching the show . 
 finally , the starstruck look faded and he told me he was my brother . '' 
 all the questions that swarmed my head since jacob first told me his secret flew from my lips . 
 `` what 's his name ? 
 what does he look like ? 
 where has he been ? '' 
 when i stole a look in my husband 's direction it was crystal clear that he was n't in the mood to play twenty questions . 
 `` sorry , '' i winced . 
 `` this is all just so - '' `` thrilling , '' he finished , in what i was sure was the most un-thrilling tone i ever heard . 
 `` you 're right . 
 it should have been good news . 
 great news , even . 
 growing up , i used to wish i had someone . 
 a little brother or sister i could confide in . 
 protect . 
 i had friends , but i could n't talk to them about how much i missed my father . 
 or how much i missed my mother , even though we lived under the same roof . 
 they would n't get it . '' 
 he glanced at me , his eyes on fire with emotion before he extinguished the flame . 
 `` his name is cole sommers . 
 he 's slightly shorter than i am , lean , blond ... with my mother 's eyes . '' 
 `` he 's alicia 's son ? '' 
 i gasped , the weight of it dropping and leaving me breathless . 
 all signs pointed to that reality , but i 'd just assumed it was another love child of jacob 's father . 
 after hearing how alicia stuck by her husband while he had affairs , international and stateside , how he unabashedly fell in love with allegra , boldly bringing his son to meet the other woman , i had pictured a long suffering woman that must have clung to her vows because it was the only thing she had left . 
 i pictured her broken-hearted , filled with grief and bitterness , her only solace being that at the end of the day , she was his wife . 
 she was mrs. carlton whitmore . 
 i turned away , embarrassed that my outburst was n't doing anyone any favors . 
 the warmth of jacob 's touch spread from my arm all over my body . 
 i was supposed to be comforting him , but he was comforting me . 
 he squeezed and released , his fingertips just barely kissing my skin . 
 `` i was just as surprised when cole dropped the bomb . 
 kirkman made up some sort of excuse and left me alone with him . 
 before i could ask for proof , he whipped out a manila folder . 
 inside was a birth certificate with my mother 's signature . '' 
 jacob withdrew , slumping back against the chair . 
 `` he went on about his life but i zoned out , completely locked on the birth certificate . 
 i was entranced by my mother 's signature . 
 i traced every curve , wondering what was going through her mind . 
 i raced through memories , images , trying to figure out if i noticed weight gain or any strange cravings . 
 but how would i ? 
 boarding school was my home . 
 i only came home for christmas break and that christmas i was with my grandparents . 
 once i started questioning if it was all some conspiracy , i just stopped . 
 i told him i needed to do my own investigation and i 'd contact him once i verified his story . 
 i went to my mother , who categorically denied the whole thing until my investigator proved cole was who he said he was . '' 
 i was literally just at that witch 's house and i wanted a do-over . 
 instead of finishing my water , i should have thrown it , and the fancy cooler , at her head . 
 the act of keeping cole a secret was bad enough , but to prolong the inevitable and lie to jacob 's face ? 
 that was just cruel , even for alicia . 
 i tried to grasp at the positive . 
 jacob had a brother . 
 this was an opportunity . 
 i still had so many questions . 
 `` what was he like ? '' 
 `` he seemed friendly . '' 
 jacob massaged his neck , rolling his head from side to side . 
 `` polite , other than dropping the bomb during my business meeting . 
 when i told him it was n't the time nor place , he backed off immediately . 
 he said he 'd wait at the cafe across the street if i wanted to talk . 
 since kirkman was no help at all and excused himself , i had no reason to not take the kid up on his offer . '' 
 `` kid ? '' 
 he 'd been tossing that word around . 
 `` how old is he ? '' 
 `` twenty-four . '' 
 i waited for more . 
 anything-but jacob was staring up at the sky like figuring out the cosmos was preferable to talking about any of this . 
 i was balancing on a tightrope . 
 cautious . 
 mindful of every movement . 
 the wrong move , the wrong question , could send me spiraling . 
 so i chose to roll back onto the chair and give jacob some time to breathe and process . 
 once i stopped waiting for him to tell me every last detail , he opened up . 
 `` i met him at the cafe . 
 before i could even get the word ` money ' out he made it clear that he did n't want a dime . 
 he pulled out the folder again and pulled out that damn certificate - '' jacob stopped and i turned to him . 
 i saw the way he clenched and unclenched his fists . 
 his relationship with his mother had always been a difficult one . 
 alicia could n't take out her frustration about her husband 's infidelity on its rightful target , so jacob was left with a mother that treated him like an inconvenience . 
 but this was bigger than sending him off to boarding school and ignoring every sign that he needed more . 
 deserved more . 
 `` i just knew it was my father . 
 after venice and everything and his track record , it was right up his alley . 
 seeing her name on that certificate was like a knife to the gut . 
 so i had the most awkward cup of coffee of my life , took the folder and we parted ways . 
 then i did my own research . 
 i learned everything there was to know about cole sommers and throughout the whole process i kept hoping that i 'd find out there was some mistake . 
 i bargained with a god i have n't talked to in years . 
 i asked that if cole was my brother , to make him carlton 's son because keeping it from me was too cruel , even for my mother . '' 
 he went still . 
 dangerously so . 
 when i pulled myself up and leaned in , i saw he was n't as still as i thought . 
 his fists were twitching , like he was dying to punch something . 
 or someone . 
 `` jacob , are you okay ? '' 
 `` am i okay ? '' 
 his voice was like smoke , wild and elusive . 
 `` i had , have a brother . 
 all those years when i thought i had no one : a father who did n't give a damn , and a mother who cared about everything but her son - '' he cleared his throat and in that moment i knew i 'd get no more out of him . 
 the pain alicia caused ran too deep and if my head was spinning with all of this , jacob had to officially be in ` fuck this ' territory . 
 so i put all questions about what came next on hold and committed jacob 's brother 's name and place of employment to memory . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 i chirped . 
 `` pasta sounds kind of perfect right now . '' 
 he grunted something that sounded like ` sure ' and i practically flew back into the apartment . 
 i was a flurry of hands and pots and noodles , only pausing when i turned to the fridge . 
 i held onto the bar with both hands , breathing deep and exhaling until i felt like i 'd pushed all the air from my body . 
 emotions consumed me , running the gamut from ` choke my mother-in-law ' angry to heartbreaking sorrow for jacob . 
 what he said about having someone , having a brother or sister to turn to , having someone ... tears stabbed my eyes as i tore open the fridge and dove into the produce drawer . 
 the tomatoes stood no chance as i sliced and diced brutally . 
 i flipped on the stove , mesmerized by the flame . 
 there was no changing the past . 
 no way to turn back the clock and give jacob and his brother the childhood and relationship they deserved . 
 but they could still get to know each other . 
 they just needed the opportunity . 
 i turned to face the dining room table , a plan taking root . 
 i could n't take away jacob 's pain , but i could help him get to know cole . 
 eight **** with everything going on with me and jacob , i 'd been dodging my mother 's phone calls . 
 on one hand , her fierce love never made my question if she truly cared for me . 
 i knew that my mother loved and supported me ; that at the end of the day when the dust settled she 'd be there . 
 but it was n't all warm and fuzzy . 
 the fierce part meant that she was incapable of not meddling . 
 incapable of not pushing me in the direction that she felt was right-my desires be damned . 
 returning her calls before would have meant lying , which would have been pointless . 
 even via phone she would have sniffed out the truth , and then she would have showed up at our doorstep , ready to play relationship therapist . 
 but now that the truth was finally out and in the open i did n't send her call to voicemail when her name splashed across my screen . 
 i took a deep breath as i backed out of the parking space and angled toward the exit . 
 `` hi - '' `` is everything okay ? 
 i 've been calling and calling and i had this bad feeling in my gut . '' 
 she took a breath . 
 `` is everything okay with you and jacob ? '' 
 her sixth sense was downright eerie . 
 i glanced at my phone in awe , then remembered i was driving downtown where i 'd need every sense and ounce of attention on the road . 
 `` everything is fine , mom . 
 sorry it took me a bit to get back to you . '' 
 `` a bit ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` it 's been nearly two weeks . 
 if it was n't for your father i 'd be in the city right now . '' 
 the phone shifted , the crackling sound probably the result of her shifting it to her other ear to give my dad a look . 
 her volume dimmed , the next bit for him , but i still heard her loud and clear . 
 `` i was not overreacting , earl . 
 she could have been dead in a ditch or god knows what . '' 
 `` luckily , i 'm not dead in a ditch , '' i shook my head , smiling at my mom 's brand of crazy . 
 it just would n't be complete without the necessary guilt trip . 
 `` work has just been crazy , mom . '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 her disbelief oozed from the phone . 
 `` well , i 'm glad you could squeeze me into your busy schedule . '' 
 like she could sense me rolling my eyes and fishing for an excuse to cut the conversation short , she changed strategy . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 ` now ' was left unsaid . 
 i had no interest in hashing out what happened between me and jacob . 
 the last time i let it slip that there was trouble in paradise she launched a mission to fix my relationship that ended up making alicia avoid any functions that had my mother 's name on the rsvp list . 
 there was no love lost between the two of them and learning that jacob 's mother had a child that she kept from her son for 24 years would do their tenuous association no favors . 
 `` and jacob ? '' 
 `` he 's good too , '' i said cryptically . 
 `` everything is good . '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , glancing at my screen . 
 just a few more blocks until i arrived at my destination . 
 `` how about you and dad ? '' 
 `` your dad is just fine . 
 working on his latest project in the garage and keeping all sorts of noise . 
 and i 'm doing just fine . 
 worrying about my only daughter , but fine . '' 
 `` do n't worry about me , mom , '' i sighed . 
 `` i 'm living the dream , remember ? 
 rich husband , incredible job - '' `` all the money in the world ca n't buy happiness . '' 
 i practically slammed on my brakes . 
 my mother had always made it quite clear that my ultimate goal should be marriage and being well taken care of . 
 the fact that her daughter met and married a billionaire was like one of her soap operas had come true . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she said , all but tapping the mic . 
 `` you still there ? '' 
 `` i am , '' i said , picking my jaw off the floor . 
 `` you just caught me by surprise . '' 
 `` jesus , '' she huffed . 
 `` give me a little credit , leila . '' 
 before i could remind her about the paparazzi or any number of things she 'd done that contradicted her statement that there was more to life than men and celebrity , she added , `` i know i 've made some missteps , but your happiness is paramount . 
 you 're my daughter , and i just want you to be happy . '' 
 i 'd been so eager to arrive at my destination so i could disconnect but now that i 'd arrived at bite restaurant and we were having some sort of moment , i wanted to savor it . 
 `` and speaking of happy , i was watching pr the other day with jeanette and i would just love it if you could pass along some ideas to jacob . '' 
 anddd she was back . 
 i pulled to the curb in front of bite , trying to not take it personal . 
 at least she asked how i was and said something super sweet before she got to the real reason behind her call . 
 `` i got ta go . 
 give dad a kiss for me . '' 
 i disconnected and hopped out of the car . 
 i refocused on my mission : meeting cole and inviting him over for dinner . 
 i 'd cleared out my schedule from 2 pm on in an effort to avoid the lunch rush and steal a sit down with jacob 's brother , but when i stepped through the doors of bite , i realized that ` rush ' probably applied to the time between open and close . 
 the first word that came to mind was bright . 
 it was more than the white walls and vaulted ceilings with chandeliers that seemed to triple the size of the room . 
 it was more than the circular tables , framed by modern yellow armchairs.the oversized , floor to ceiling windows let the sunshine in , but it was still more than interior decorating magic . 
 it was all about the energy in the room . 
 the excited chatter of the people lined up at the hostess stand . 
 the visibly exhausted server who managed to smile ; a real smile , not a fake , wince inducing one . 
 it was beautifully plated dishes that made their way to the tables . 
 it was the sparkle and glee that rounded the customer 's eyes as they brought the first bite to their lips . 
 things were so bright , so optimistic that i did n't waste time with chit chat once i made it to the grinning hostess . 
 `` table for one . 
 please seat me in cole 's section . '' 
 her smiled wavered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` cole sommers is on shift this afternoon , right ? '' 
 it was rhetorical since i had already done my research and knew he was working until 5pm . 
 her cheeks darkened but there was something in her dark brown eyes that told me she was n't embarrassed . 
 when she pulled herself to every inch of her height , i was sure she was about to challenge me to some sort of duel for cole 's heart . 
 `` you 're a ... friend of cole 's ? '' 
 i shifted my purse to my other arm , fighting the urge to tell her that i was married and so not interested . 
 `` i 'm kind of in a hurry . 
 and starving . '' 
 she glared me up and down then slapped on a smile that looked like she was sucking on a lemon . 
 `` right this way . '' 
 i practically sprinted trying to keep up with her , the brightness i 'd seen a whirl of color now . 
 the voices were teeth gratingly loud . 
 the food overwhelmed my senses . 
 and i did n't see cole . 
 are you overstepping your bounds ? 
 doing the exact kind of meddling that you chastise and avoid your mother for ? 
 i did n't give those questions a second thought , focusing instead on the fact that the restaurant was significantly bigger than it looked ... or she was taking me to some secret room to off the competition . 
 just as i was about to ask for an eta , she dumped me at a table near the back , whipping a menu in my direction like a frisbee . 
 `` he 'll be right with you . 
 enjoy ! '' 
 as delicious as the room smelled , my eyes did n't scan the plates on the table . 
 they searched the staff . 
 blond , tall , with gray eyes , should have been easy to spot , but i came up empty . 
 i glanced down at my hands , the tremble rippling through me and taking the menu along for the ride . 
 nerves were natural in these kinds of situations , but i searched for a liquid remedy anyway . 
 just as i was about to grab the nearest server and order a bottle of wine , a high pitched giggle pulled my attention toward the kitchen . 
 i knew that giggle . 
 it had even fell from my lips a couple of times . 
 that giggle happened when you like someone and you 're a bundle of awkward . 
 nothing you say comes out right because you ca n't utter the one thing that everyone can see : you like him . 
 a guy and a girl were leaning against the bar . 
 their backs were toward me , but i knew it was cole . 
 it was more than the fact that he hit every characteristic on the list . 
 he towered above his co-worker . 
 his blond hair hung in shaggy waves and when he brushed it from his eyes , the giggle became a sigh . 
 i knew it was cole because he had the same power as jacob : the ability to make a woman do just about anything with a single look . 
 when he turned toward me that look snatched all the air from my lungs . 
 if jacob 's eyes were the sky , cole 's were the sea . 
 blue gray . 
 vast . 
 mysterious . 
 a curious smile curved his lips because i was staring , but i could tell from his stride that he was used to being stared at . 
 he wore an ebony colored button down shirt and light colored jeans with every ounce of sophistication that his brother exuded in a suit . 
 his smile deepened when he approached my table and heat involuntarily rushed to my cheeks . 
 there was one key difference between the brothers . 
 where jacob was guarded , an intriguing puzzle that revealed his innermost desires with every piece that clicked together , there was no wall with cole . 
 he was an open book , and right now every page was etched with the word ` sex ' . 
 he stripped me down with his eyes , licking his lips with approval . 
 mortified , i broke the trance and brought my hands , specifically my left , to the table . 
 i put on my business voice . 
 `` hello . 
 cole , right ? '' 
 `` the one and only , '' he winked , his voice deep and all charm . 
 `` and i know we do n't know each other . 
 i never forget a pretty face . '' 
 oh god . 
 i fought the urge to roll my eyes . 
 `` does that line really work ? '' 
 he leaned in . 
 on closer inspection i saw that his features were much sharper than jacob 's . 
 predatory . 
 `` between you and me ... yes . '' 
 he gave me another dazzling smile and stood upright . 
 `` but that 's enough about me - '' `` actually , it is n't . '' 
 i scooped my flyaways behind my ear and skipped to the end . 
 `` i 'm jacob 's wife , leila . 
 do you have a break soon ? 
 i 'd like to talk to you . '' 
 the smile dropped to the floor . 
 `` you 're jacob 's wife ? '' 
 i nodded slowly . 
 `` and you 're his brother . '' 
 `` but you have n't seen the birth certificate . '' 
 he meant it as a joke but the bitterness cut like a knife . 
 i offered him a small smile . 
 `` i knew you were his brother the minute i saw you . '' 
 his gray eyes sparkled mischievously and his lips parted like he had something to say but he changed his mind and went quiet . 
 he studied me , not in the overtly sexual manner like before , but with genuine interest . 
 somehow , that made me even more uncomfortable . 
 i snatched my gaze from his , scouring the menu as i fidgeted in my seat . 
 `` i guess i should order something . '' 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 he eased the menu out of my grasp . 
 `` i 'll run to the back and put your order in and grab a break so i can learn everything there is to know about my brother-and his beautiful wife . '' 
 blushing all over again i shook it off and watched him head back to the pass that separated the dining area from the kitchen . 
 an older woman in a white shirt and jeans exited the kitchen and cole 's admirer quickly got back to work ... along with everyone in the near vicinity . 
 `` manager . '' 
 i murmured , expecting cole 's exterior to change too , but the woman changed instead , her hawkish gaze softening . 
 her lips eased into a grin that she covered by shoo-ing cole away . 
 he pecked her on the cheek and made his way back towards me , the look on his face confirming what he said to me . 
 that innate charm or draw must have been a genetic thing . 
 he pulled the chair from the opposite side of the table to a few inches from mine . 
 while he was settling in , i scooted a few inches away , prepared for the game this round . 
 he smirked , my distance not lost on him . 
 `` you know , i do n't bite . 
 unless that 's your thing . '' 
 `` cut that out , '' i hissed , pulling my blazer tighter . 
 `` i 'm pretty much your sister . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i have a sister . 
 she 's sixteen going on thirty . 
 everything is boys , instagram , beyonce and volleyball . '' 
 he smiled to himself . 
 `` she 's back in seattle , but we talk all the time . 
 somebody has to keep her on the straight and narrow . '' 
 i relaxed , the peek behind the flirty , aggressive curtain revealing a loving , supportive brother . 
 `` she 's lucky to have you . '' 
 he perked . 
 `` you have brothers , sisters ? '' 
 `` only child , '' i answered . 
 `` then you 're the lucky one , '' he joked . 
 `` being an only child means you avoid these kinds of situations . 
 no long lost siblings popping up at your business meetings . '' 
 his voice sharpened . 
 `` what did he call me ... '' he snapped when it came to him . 
 `` a disruption . '' 
 `` he called you a disruption ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 he definitely left that out . 
 cole sat back , a weird look on his face . 
 `` among other things . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i knew jacob , knew that this was the last thing he expected . 
 i knew that he was angry at his mother ... but also angry at fate , that he lost all the time with cole . 
 that did n't align with jacob going off on him . 
 luckily , the awkward silence that followed cole 's admission was brief since our first course was up . 
 the flirty co-worker could n't wait to sneak in a few more minutes with cole and i watched him woo her , tease her , then send her on her way . 
 like a switch was flipped , he went from smiling and laughing to dead serious with no light or warmth to be found . 
 `` i take it jacob redacted a few things , '' he said coolly , `` like how he would contact me if he ever felt the urge to know me ... and that sharing dna did n't make us brothers , it just meant our mother was a whore . '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 i shook my head slowly at first , then more enthusiastically as i replayed cole 's words . 
 `` they are n't close , but jacob would n't call his mother a whore . 
 and he 's cautious because he does n't want to get hurt , but i know that jacob wants to know you . 
 that he feels like a life was taken from him . '' 
 cole looked away , his jaw tight and unyielding . 
 `` he 's had a change of heart then because the last time i saw him he made it pretty clear that he never wanted to see me again . '' 
 i still could n't wrap my brain around jacob ripping his brother a new one , but in the heat of the moment , faced with the fallout of his mother 's secrets , he could have lost it . 
 if i asked myself , ` why did n't he tell me the whole story ? ' 
 it opened up a whole new can of worms . 
 so i let it go . 
 it happened . 
 things were said that clearly were n't meant . 
 the only important question was , what now ? 
 `` that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 i said , fiddling with my napkin . 
 `` he wants to se you . 
 i , we , want you to come over for dinner . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` jacob wants to see me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 well , those exact words had n't been uttered , but that was the general gist of it . 
 `` you 're inviting me over to dinner ? '' 
 cole asked , like he was waiting for the catch . 
 `` absolutely . 
 we 'd love to have you . '' 
 his coworker breezed past and the two of them exchanged sultry looks . 
 `` feel free to bring your girlfriend . '' 
 `` tracy ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` we 're just special friends . '' 
 he gave me a look that explained just how special . 
 `` oh lord , '' i groaned . 
 `` okay , so bring someone , or not . 
 whatever makes you feel most comfortable . '' 
 i swallowed a forkful of caesar salad . 
 `` are you free tonight ? '' 
 `` wow , um ... i can be ? '' 
 he was suddenly nervous , picking at the tablecloth . 
 `` can i ask you a favor ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he glanced up , then back down . 
 `` i feel like the only way this works is if we start over . 
 forget what happened when he came here and i told him who i was and he - '' cole cleared his throat , looking up at me with renewed purpose . 
 `` i do n't even want to talk about it . 
 we need a completely clean slate . '' 
 i put a hand on his arm . 
 `` clean slate . 
 you got it . 
 you just make sure you bring an empty stomach . '' 
 family dinner and a fresh start . 
 nine **** `` leila , have you lost your mind ? '' 
 i pretended i did n't hear megan , even though she was on speakerphone and me , the delivery guy , and half the building must have heard her screech . 
 i flashed him a tight smile as i signed for the catering order . 
 `` do you need help setting up - '' `` she needs help alright , '' megan answered for me . 
 `` in fact , i think you should take all the food back . 
 if there 's no food , maybe she wo n't go through with this fantastically bad idea - '' i reached over and put her on mute , handing the paper back to the delivery guy . 
 `` thanks , but i have it covered . '' 
 he did n't seem too convinced either , but he tapped the rim of his ball cap . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 i waited for him to leave , refusing to let his doubt creep in too . 
 he did n't have all the details , just the brief meltdown megan had been in the throes of when i told her about the impromptu dinner . 
 i inhaled the herb and meaty deliciousness that wafted from the bag on the bar . 
 a part of me hoped the involuntary muting would piss her off and she 'd hang up , but it was wishful thinking . 
 the call was still connected . 
 i tapped the un-mute button , ready to apologize , but she clearly did n't even notice that i put her on silent in the first place . '' 
 ... after lunch , i thought we agreed that you are prone to overreacting . 
 jumping to conclusions and such ? '' 
 i pulled out the containers of food , trying to keep my voice level . 
 `` what does any of that have to do with a harmless dinner ? '' 
 `` please , '' she scoffed . 
 `` harmless ? 
 this is life-changing information . 
 jacob has a brother that his mother categorically denied until fairly recently . 
 he kept it to himself , and when he told you , your first reaction is to hunt down his brother and set up some sort of reunion dinner ? '' 
 `` reunion denotes that there was some sort of established relationship and they 're being reunited after a period of time . 
 does n't really apply to this situation . '' 
 `` thank you , dictionary.com . '' 
 `` i 'm just trying to help , '' i snapped . 
 `` jacob 's hurting , cole 's hurting - '' `` and i 'm not sure it 's your job to be the glue that fixes it . 
 you ca n't force these kinds of things . '' 
 i was saved by a text from jacob . 
 i snatched up the reprieve . 
 `` that 's jacob-i 'll let you know how it goes . '' 
 `` leila - '' i disconnected and silenced the building knots in my stomach , scrolling to my unread messages . 
 jacob was leaving the office . 
 my fingers trembled as i tapped out that i had a surprise . 
 my world stood still while i waited for his reply . 
 jacob : you know how i love your surprises . 
 : -rrb- warmth ricocheted over me as i put aside my phone and focused on making tonight a night to be remembered . 
 `` because i 'm doing the right thing . '' 
 i said aloud , marching toward the kitchen . 
 i swiped a couple of nice plates and serving dishes . 
 i was a blur of movement , not thinking , just moving . 
 the pasta was piled high , the salad was bright and tossed , the bread was buttered and savory . 
 i pulled an unopened bottle of wine from the cabinet and swiped three glasses . 
 once the table was set , everything perfect and in its place , i was left with the quiet and the quiet gave my nerves the chance to magnify . 
 what if megan was right ? 
 what if i was just making it worse ? 
 what if it was n't my place ? 
 i frowned , that statement like something sour on my tongue . 
 making sure jacob was happy was my place . 
 i put the finishing touches on the spread , lighting some candles for ambiance . 
 zen , relaxed , good food ... and hopefully , good , positive conversation . 
 i braced myself on the table as i took in the empty plates . 
 blank slate . 
 it was still hard to wrap my mind around jacob ripping into his brother , but tonight was n't about rehashing things that were done out of anger . 
 it was about healing and moving forward . 
 the elevator chimed and i rushed to the mirror in the living room , giving my reflection a final look . 
 curls were pulled into a bun at the top of my head with a few in the front trickling down . 
 gloss and mascara outlined my features , but nothing too intense . 
 understated black dress and casual black flats completed the look . 
 i crossed my legs and waited for him , hoping that megan was wrong . 
 hoping that tiny voice inside my head was overreacting . 
 praying i was n't making a mistake . 
 jacob stopped in the doorway , a smile brightening his tired face . 
 `` you ordered in ? '' 
 he took stock of the dining room . 
 `` pasta , wine , candles , what 's the - '' my heart seized when he stopped talking , probably counting the plates and realizing that it was n't a dinner for two . 
 he peeled off his jacket , his tone a little less excited . 
 rough around the edges . 
 `` who 's joining us for dinner ? '' 
 the knots tightened . 
 `` c-cole . '' 
 i was so sure this was the right move , that i just needed to get the two brothers in the same room and everything would work itself out , but when i saw jacob 's face , i realized i was wrong . 
 i made a huge mistake . 
 jacob 's face was darkened with anger , his eyes turning to coal as he glared at me like my very existence was enough to make him want to put his fist through the wall . 
 he did n't move , and neither did i , terrified that the slightest movement , even a blink , would make him burn the entire building to the ground . 
 `` i 'm sorry - it sounded like you said that cole was joining us for dinner , but i must be mistaken . '' 
 his voice was savage . 
 `` tell me i 'm mistaken , leila . '' 
 i could n't look at him . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 and as badly as i wanted to , i could n't lie . 
 `` i did ask him over , but - '' jacob did n't wait for the rest , storming into the next room . 
 i saw the tense lines in his back , the way his muscles rippled because he could n't stop shaking . 
 everything in me except my heart said to give him space , but i followed him instead . 
 i had to make him understand . 
 `` the way you talked about him , all the lost time ... i just wanted to help . 
 give you a chance to hear his story . 
 and he can hear yours . '' 
 the elevator intercom buzzed and i winced . 
 i knew it was cole before his voice filtered through the speaker . 
 `` hello ? 
 anybody there ? '' 
 `` he 's here ? '' 
 jacob had murder in his eyes . 
 `` you really had no intention of giving me an opportunity to decline . 
 dinner or else ? '' 
 my throat was on fire , regret bringing emotion to my eyes . 
 `` jacob , please ... '' he made a grand gesture . 
 ladies first . 
 or maybe it was ` go to hell ' . 
 `` he 's your guest . 
 by all means , buzz him up . '' 
 i went to the wall console , my finger hovering above the button . 
 jacob pulled out his chair with an unsettling screech . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't stab him before the first course . '' 
 that should have been a sign that he was cooling off , but considering jacob rarely made jokes , my heart was still in my gut . 
 i pressed the buzzer , trying to make my voice normal and not like my husband was a ticking time bomb . 
 `` c-come on up , cole . '' 
 i dropped my hand , realizing that there really was no going back now . 
 realizing that the pressure in my chest must have been twice as heavy for jacob . 
 fear , anger , nerves-he was trapped . 
 i thought dinner would be freeing but from the way jacob gripped the arm of his chair , his body made of stone , i realized that he was a prisoner . 
 and i was the judge , jury , and executioner . 
 before i could utter another apology that he ignored , the elevator announced my betrayal . 
 jacob did n't move a single muscle but i somehow managed to turn my head and plaster on a smile . 
 cole had swapped the casual attire from work with a navy blue sweater and khakis . 
 his white blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail that made him look worldly . 
 he held a bottle of wine in one hand , a bouquet of red roses in the other , and an expression that said he knew this was a bad idea , but it was too late to turn back now . 
 `` cole , '' i croaked , my voice breaking . 
 i clutched the pearls around my neck , wondering if jacob would say something . 
 anything . 
 `` are you okay , leila ? '' 
 cole asked , nearly rushing to my side until jacob finally had a reaction . 
 he hurled a look in his brother 's direction that stopped him dead in his tracks . 
 cole 's eyes flashed , but he pulled his lips into a smile . 
 `` i came bearing gifts . 
 to thank you two for having me over . '' 
 he extended the roses to me and the bottle to jacob . 
 jacob dismissed the olive branch , reaching for the bottle of wine on the table instead . 
 cole tensed , but i put a hand on his shoulder , smiling until it hurt . 
 `` i 've got 'em . 
 thanks . 
 why do n't you have a seat and after i put these in water , we can start on dinner ? '' 
 he hesitated , then carefully maneuvered to the chair beside jacob . 
 once he was seated and the awkward silence filled the room like poison , i dashed to the kitchen to catch my breath and come up with a plan to salvage the evening . 
 my heart throttled my ear drums and when i filled the vase with water i was tempted to throw it back . 
 my throat , my body was filled with dread . 
 well , you 're here now . 
 there 's no turning back . 
 you 're in the middle of this , so you might as well make the most of it . 
 i placed the vase on the bar , reminding myself that it was n't all on me ... and each one of them had made moves without realizing it . 
 jacob could have left . 
 or refused to have cole in his home . 
 cole did n't have to bring anything to dinner but himself , and he did n't have to sit next to jacob , especially when jacob was doing his best to ignore his existence . 
 we all were just trying to make sense of this thing i forced on us . 
 with a little bit of clarity and a spark of hope , i went back into the dining room . 
 jacob looked straight ahead . 
 cole glanced up at me with a uncomfortable grin . 
 `` this , uh , looks amazing ! '' 
 `` i wish i could take all the credit , '' i winked . 
 he turned to jacob , his eyes widening with surprise . 
 `` you helped with all of this ? '' 
 jacob finally looked at him . 
 `` it 's kind of difficult to help with something that you 're completely unaware of . '' 
 cole 's eyes shifted between the two of us , then rested on me . 
 i twisted my mouth to one side in my best ` my bad ' and prepared myself for an earful . 
 he reached for the wine and filled his glass , taking a hearty swallow before he spoke . 
 `` how i got here does n't matter . 
 i 'm just glad i 'm here . '' 
 jacob 's eyes flickered to me , then his brother . 
 `` no one likes a kiss ass , kid . '' 
 `` jacob ! '' 
 i hissed , giving him a pointed look that he completely ignored . 
 but cole was unfazed , his eyes sparkling with amusement . 
 `` i 've found that a little charm goes a long way . '' 
 `` well , you can keep your charm to yourself . '' 
 i was trying to give jacob the benefit of the doubt . 
 cut him some slack because this was all dumped in his lap-his brother , and now this dinner . 
 but it was becoming clear that jacob had no intention of giving cole a fair shake . 
 maybe he did say those things to cole . 
 the man beside me was so filled with animosity that it made me ache ... and it pissed me off . 
 `` no one is asking you two to pick up like you 're long lost friends . 
 but if you think we 're going to have a repeat of your last run in and i 'm going to sit here while you talk down - '' jacob whipped his head in my direction , a frown filling his face . 
 `` you know what , i get it . '' 
 we both glanced at cole . 
 he threw his hands up . 
 `` i understand . 
 i kind of set fire to your relationship with your mother - '' `` our relationship was ash long before you entered the picture , '' jacob cut in , his attention on his brother . 
 `` i 'm not angry with you . 
 i do n't even think i 'm technically angry at her , though she 's behind all of this . 
 i 'm angry with myself . 
 angry that for the first time , i thought about the past with regret . 
 regret is weakness . 
 everyone makes decisions that lead them to this moment . 
 you ca n't change the past-but i found myself wishing that i could . 
 that i could go back and know you . '' 
 not thinking , i reached out and put my hand on top of jacob 's . 
 he did n't rebuff me , lifting his fingers slightly to stroke mine . 
 `` so much time we lost - '' `` then let 's not miss a second more , '' cole interjected gently . 
 `` let 's start over . '' 
 he pushed back from the table and a smile crept across my face as he walked backward until he hit the doorway . 
 he held his head high and dusted his palms . 
 without a word he walked back to the table . 
 he pivoted to jacob , extending his hand . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm cole . '' 
 jacob stared at his hand intently . 
 like he knew it was more than just a hand . 
 more than a peace offering . 
 more than a new beginning . 
 if he shook cole 's hand , it meant he was letting his guard down . 
 it meant he could be hurt . 
 but i crossed my fingers and hoped that he saw that the boundaries he built around himself did n't just keep out the pain , but they walled him in . 
 he had to let go . 
 jacob rose from his seat slowly , then shook his brother 's hand . 
 `` i 'm jacob . '' 
 ten **** i pretended like i was being productive , my attention on the laptop perched in my lap , but leaving jacob and cole to have time to themselves after dinner was really just a cover . 
 i 'd snatched up pieces of conversation , each laugh , each smile behind words making me feel less and less like the worst wife ever . 
 after they reintroduced themselves , jacob had honored their unspoken truce . 
 he talked about growing up , lonely even though he was surrounded by kids just like him . 
 rich kids discarded by ambivalent parents . 
 he talked about turning whitmore and creighton from an underdog to a contender in the field of public relations . 
 when a publicity shit storm hit , whitmore creighton was the first name that came to mind for damage control . 
 cole talked about growing up in a whole different world . 
 he was adopted by a middle class family , his mother was a teacher , his father owned an auto shop . 
 cole was their oldest , and his sister , melody , was their miracle that came eight years later . 
 he graduated with a degree in english literature and wanted to be a high school english teacher , like his mom . 
 they talked about everything from politics to their worst hangovers-everything but alicia . 
 she was the elephant in the room , the only subject that was forbidden . 
 before i left i wanted to tell them that tiptoeing around alicia whitmore was exactly what she wanted . 
 that she was the person that connected them could n't ever truly be disregarded , but i did n't want to derail their progress . 
 i leaned in , clutching my laptop as i strained to listen when their laughter drifted from the dining room . 
 `` you sure you got enough to eat ? '' 
 jacob 's voice was warm . 
 friendly . 
 `` absolutely . 
 too much even . '' 
 a chair scraped against the floor . 
 `` i better head out . 
 back to work bright and early . '' 
 he came into the main room , seeking me out . 
 he waved , his smile bright and disarming . 
 `` thanks again for having me over , leila . '' 
 `` anytime , '' i replied , biting my lip when jacob appeared in the doorway , leaning against the frame with an arched eyebrow . 
 `` if that 's okay with you ? '' 
 `` now she asks me , '' he said sarcastically , but i saw the half smile on his lips . 
 he faced cole , holding out his hand . 
 `` you 're welcome anytime . 
 we 'll talk soon . '' 
 `` handshakes are for strangers and business . '' 
 cole bypassed the hand , embracing jacob . 
 the shock on jacob 's face melted into a look so hopeful that my heart leaped in my chest . 
 he mumbled something and clapped his brother on the back and cole made his exit , leaving us staring at the spot where he stood . 
 i felt jacob 's eyes on me , but i could n't bear to look into his eyes and see disappointment . 
 `` i know you 're pissed - '' `` i 'm not pissed . '' 
 i jerked my gaze upward , sure that i misheard him . 
 `` you 're not ? '' 
 he crossed his arms , his face hopelessly unreadable . 
 `` get over here . '' 
 i slid my laptop onto the cushion , but made no other moves toward him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 his voice deepened to that delicious , terrifying timbre that made me tremble and melt all at once . 
 that roped me in , tied me down , and claimed me . 
 `` get over here . '' 
 i slid from the couch , the hardwood floor cool against my feet but doing nothing to the heat that was taking over . 
 i 'd been so on edge , so worried about what came next that all the worries dropped onto me . 
 one foot in front of the other , hoping for something i did n't deserve . 
 hoping that he not only forgave me , but that he 'd touch me and make it real . 
 fill me and whisper that he loved me , flaws and all . 
 i stopped a few feet away from him . 
 close enough that i could see all the ways he turned a shirt and tie into the sexiest thing is ever seen . 
 i saw the deep shade of brown that flickered through his locks , the candlelight turning his strands gold . 
 his eyes were deep blue , rushing over me . 
 pulling me under . 
 he was so close that his breath was my breath . 
 so close that i felt every emotion flowing through him ; his anger , his frustration . 
 when he pulled me toward him , my body crashing into his , i was close enough to feel his lust . 
 i hitched a breath as he fisted my hair , blue eyes catching fire . 
 `` after what you did , i have every right to be angry . 
 to be furious . 
 but i ca n't think when you look at me like that , leila . '' 
 my lips were inches from his . 
 quivering . 
 aching . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like you see me . 
 all of me . 
 and you love me anyway . '' 
 he cupped my cheek , his thumb strumming my cheek so softly that i felt the music in my bones . 
 i stared up at him , so open , so vulnerable and i spoke the truth in my heart . 
 `` how could i not love you , jacob ? 
 you 're my world . 
 and i 'm s - '' `` shh . '' 
 he took my face in both hands , his forehead pressed against mine as his eyes bore into mine . 
 `` do n't apologize . 
 i know your heart was in the right place . 
 i do n't like that you essentially ambushed me , but that 's you . 
 you fiercely worry about the people you love and you 're willing to do anything for them . 
 i wished for someone like you . 
 and now that you 're mine , i 'm never letting you go . '' 
 he consumed my mouth and i breathed him in . 
 his love , his moans , his desire . 
 this kiss was more than lips and tongue and our teeth clashing as we clawed at each other . 
 this kiss was my apology , his apology-the taste and feel of ' i screwed up and all i want is for everything to be okay ' . 
 i paused , chest pumping , dress half on and half off , hair wild and messy . 
 jacob 's shirt was missing a few buttons , his face flushed , his pants snug as his cock pierced through the fabric . 
 `` are we okay ? '' 
 he stood before me , his lips rounding into a sensual smile . 
 he reached out and freed my hair from its lopsided bun . 
 traced my jawline with his fingertips . 
 he fingered the material of my dress and slowly pulled it the rest of the way over my shoulders , down over my breasts and further still . 
 he was so close to my core , my lack of panties reveled and appreciated the pleased rumble at the back of his throat . 
 `` i could say that we 're okay . 
 tell you all the ways i love and want you , but i 'd much rather show you . '' 
 oh god . 
 my dress was at my ankles , restricting my movement but i was just wide enough that i could feel just how wet i was . 
 feel the warmth of his breath on my skin . 
 the electric sensation when his fingers slipped inside of me . 
 i was enslaved to his touch . 
 he moved inside me , deeper , harder until i clung to him . 
 needing more of this . 
 more of him . 
 i tried to step out of my dress , but he lifted me up and pinned me against the wall . 
 his fingers were still inside me , his eyes filled with so much love , so much passion . 
 his gaze was as intimate , as visceral as him being inside of me , pumping and stretching and overwhelming me . 
 i dug my fingernails into his shoulders and raked my way down his arms . 
 i tore his shirt off the rest of the way . 
 i felt so alive , so desperate to have no secrets , no space , no clothing between us . 
 he pulled from me , cupping my face with his lust drenched fingers . 
 `` i need to be inside you , '' he said thickly . 
 `` right here . 
 right now . '' 
 i stepped out of my dress and kicked it aside . 
 `` then take me . '' 
 he ripped open his fly , the thick , veiny length of him rock hard and ready . 
 i ached for him inside me . 
 he gripped one of my legs , opening my body for him . 
 he braced himself against the wall , looking at me like i was the beginning and end of everything . 
 like he was saved and doomed all at once . 
 `` the only thing that can destroy me is you , leila . 
 losing you , losing your love - '' `` i 'm right here , jacob , '' i said breathlessly . 
 every part of me was his , from the top of my head to my toes . 
 `` i 'm yours . '' 
 i half straddled him , one leg in his grip , the other on the ground . 
 he lifted me up , his fingertips gripping my ass for dear life as he rocked into me . 
 deep , furious , and up against the wall because we could n't wait one more moment to be together . 
 i clutched him with my hands . 
 with my body . 
 it was so much pleasure , too much pleasure to bear . 
 i felt the nearness of my climax . 
 it consumed me . 
 it consumed him . 
 `` do n't stop , '' i said breathlessly . 
 `` please do n't stop . '' 
 he buried his mouth in the nape of my neck . 
 `` let go , lay . 
 i 'll catch you . '' 
 so i did and the world exploded in a sea of color and lust . 
 he filled me until i could take no more . 
 my vision blurred and i was so out of control . 
 lost ... and found . 
 he kissed me until i had no air left in my lungs . 
 he surrendered to me and i knew i was completely and hopelessly his . 
 still relearning to breathe i looked up at him . 
 he braced himself against the wall , the look on his face pure bliss . 
 `` you ... that ... '' `` was incredible , '' i finished with a toothy grin . 
 `` my favorite kind of dessert . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair as he turned toward the kitchen , making me tremble all over again when i saw his perfect ass . 
 i bit my lip , feeling like i could go another round or four . 
 `` so , one could say that this whole dinner thing was in fact a great idea ? '' 
 he glanced back at me with a spark in his eyes . 
 `` one could . '' 
 `` and that i 'm always right ? '' 
 `` do n't push your luck , '' he grinned . 
 `` you 're always you , which is to say equal parts amazing , sexy , and maddening ... and i would n't have it any other way . '' 
 eleven **** being the wife of a billionaire came with certain realities . 
 i lived in a penthouse apartment with a priceless view of the city . 
 as jacob 's assistant i had a five figure clothing allowance , but now i had a black visa card with no limit . 
 jacob made it clear that ` mi private jet es su private jet ' and my problems switched from student loans to , what exotic location do i want to visit on our next trip ? 
 maybe it was because i grew up middle class that i remained grounded . 
 i refused to let jacob buy me a luxury car . 
 i still carried my own bags and made it a point to not take any of this for granted . 
 somehow , even though i looked the part and was married to wealth , i still felt like an outsider . 
 and the rich and those employed by the rich saw right through me . 
 when i stepped inside of jessica lenoir 's building , i knew i was in for an afternoon of her attempting to exert her authority over me . 
 it had nothing to do with the interior design of the place . 
 my apartment building had the same marble statues , gallery style artwork hung on the walls , exquisite crown molding and attention to detail that came with the exorbitant rent . 
 it was n't the doorman who all but asked for my social security number when i stepped up to the entrance . 
 it was more than the cold once over the concierge gave me when i said my name . 
 jessica 's mind games kicked into overdrive when she made me wait in the lobby for half an hour without explanation . 
 like my time was n't valuable . 
 like the whole world stopped and turned on her whim . 
 just as i was getting ready to cancel our appointment , my name rang out from near the concierge desk . 
 i rolled my eyes , sure the concierge was about to whip out some policy on loitering . 
 but there was another woman waiting . 
 she was modelesque with skin the color of coffee . 
 her hair was cropped short , accentuating her striking cheekbones . 
 when she smiled , her whole face came alive . 
 she wore a flowing dress that would have looked like a watercolor paper bag on anyone else but it was ethereal on her . 
 she strode over to me , extending her hand . 
 `` i 'm esther . 
 i 'd like to apologize on behalf of ms. lenoir . 
 she had a meeting that was running late . '' 
 her acorn shaped eyes narrowed as she dropped her volume . 
 `` that 's what she wanted me to tell you anyway . 
 between you and i , she was procrastinating and hoping if she made you wait long enough , you 'd go away . '' 
 i clenched my jaw . 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 i rose to my feet , smoothing the front of my skirt . 
 `` so what changed her mind ? '' 
 `` a desire to prove the world , and the board wrong , '' esther answered without missing a beat . 
 `` she 'll never admit this-i 'm her assistant and i know her better than anyone-she ca n't do this alone . 
 she needs someone that 's not intimidated by her . '' 
 she smiled conspiratorially as she took me in . 
 `` and i can tell from the look on your face that you give as good as you get and you can steer her in the right direction . '' 
 the anger that had been eating at me with every passing minute sitting on that beautiful , uncomfortable chair waned slightly . 
 `` i appreciate that . 
 right now , i 'd like you to steer me in the direction of her apartment so we can get to work . '' 
 `` right this way . '' 
 i followed her into the elevator with at least half a dozen questions . 
 `` how long have you been working with jessica ? '' 
 she scanned a key card and punched the top floor . 
 `` i 've known jess since we were kids . 
 two bad ass rich kids with chips on their shoulders . '' 
 she smiled to herself , like she was conjuring up images of times long past . 
 i did n't point out that jessica was still living the life with her chip in tow . 
 after our last meeting she threatened me with some party that would make the headlines and she did n't disappoint . 
 she invited some indie rock band for a private concert on the rooftop of the building . 
 traffic was backed up for miles with people stopping to look up at the rich decadence , swaying and dancing to their own music , wondering what it would be like to live in jessica 's world . 
 one look at esther 's face and i knew that it was n't nearly as fantastic as it seemed . 
 `` she needs help . '' 
 i understood . 
 `` if she needs to go to rehab - '' `` she does n't need rehab , '' esther snapped , barely waiting for me as she breezed out of the elevator . 
 the corridor stretched towards a wall of frosted glass . 
 bamboo floors , wall to ceiling windows on both sides . 
 esther slammed the brakes and i nearly tumbled into her . 
 she pointed in the direction of the glass . 
 `` she 's waiting inside . 
 i know her , and she 'll put up a front if i 'm there . '' 
 she gave me a sobering look . 
 `` ask the right questions . '' 
 before i could ask what that cryptic question meant , esther was floating in the opposite direction . 
 i was left alone . 
 silence was n't a problem since the closer i inched toward jessica 's apartment , the crisper the music that flowed into the hall was . 
 classical music . 
 the same kind of music jacob listened to when he needed to shut the rest of the world off and focus . 
 when i opened the door , i half expected to be confronted by a smattering of naked bodies , wall to wall of champagne bottles , used condoms , confetti , and wrinkled couture dresses . 
 instead , her apartment was spotless . 
 unassuming furnishings , with just the basics . 
 a charcoal gray sectional and ottoman , a dining set . 
 a chair here and there . 
 artwork framed and leaning against the wall . 
 it looked like a place of transition ; like someone had begun the process of building a home but stopped at the bones . 
 `` i 'm upstairs ! '' 
 i followed her voice up the floating staircase , going into publicist mode . 
 something told me it was going to be a long afternoon . 
 i expected to be called into her office , made to stand while she sat behind her desk , trying to glare me into submission . 
 there was only one person i submitted to , and that person was not jessica lenoir . 
 i did afford her a courtesy that she denied me and knocked . 
 `` you can come in . '' 
 i tried to not pin too much hope on her cheerful voice . 
 if our last meeting taught me anything it was that nothing was as it seemed . 
 i opened the door and took in a room that was more of the same . 
 there was a mattress up against the wall , stripped and bare . 
 bleached white walls . 
 and then there was jessica . 
 she was dressed in a black jumpsuit , her mahogany hair pulled into a messy bun on top of her head . 
 she was in front of a bay window , the sun shining in and illuminating the canvas in front of her . 
 if the rest of her apartment was a blank slate , an anonymous story to be written , her canvas was her . 
 angry slashes of red and black and blue . 
 colors collided and split and ran together like blood . 
 she pivoted toward me , holding a brush and a look so serene that i almost apologized for disturbing her . 
 the look was fleeting though , along with the urge to apologize when her face darkened with displeasure . 
 `` i thought i could do this , but now that you 're here ... '' she turned back to her canvas . 
 `` i 'd like you to leave . '' 
 i laughed . 
 just a single , brutal guffaw . 
 brutal enough that she spun back around to look at me with surprise instead of disgust . 
 and then the laughs would n't stop . 
 they shook me from the inside out . 
 pouring out of my lips , squeezing my sides . 
 i wiped the tears , trying to turn off the spicket . 
 when i could breathe without giggling and look at her without finding humor in this crazy situation , i started over again . 
 `` i do n't belong in this world . 
 your world . 
 all the money , the fame , the excess . 
 i stick out like a sore thumb . '' 
 i walked over to the bed and kicked off my heels and dropped down with a sigh . 
 `` the last time i went over to my mother-in-law 's she had a servant whose only job was to make sure her wine glass was filled and my water remained cold . 
 but this is my life now . 
 i go to the store and i do n't have to look at prices . 
 if i want something , i can have it . 
 there 's no need for budgets . 
 no coupons . 
 if i wanted to hop on a plane when i leave here i could set the destination for anywhere in the world . '' 
 jessica 's green eyes were still wide with surprise , but a hefty dash of confusion was in the mix . '' 
 ... congratulations on the come up ? 
 you 're the american dream . '' 
 `` no , i 'm the fantasy . 
 the chances of me meeting my husband , falling in love , and marrying a billionaire had to be a million to one . 
 at least . 
 shit like that does n't happen in real life . '' 
 i gestured around us . 
 `` this apartment , partying all night , properties from here to tokyo , that does n't happen in real life . 
 no one takes you seriously because your life is so far outside of reality . 
 we have to show the world that you 're real . '' 
 she held the brush out like a knife . 
 `` how the hell do i show the world i 'm ` real ' ? '' 
 `` you can start by dropping the act , '' i said darkly . 
 `` i do n't know why you 're pretending you 're nothing but a socialite , but it 's doing you no favors . '' 
 her face was a storm of emotion . 
 anger , hurt , and guilt lashed across her eyes . 
 singed her lips . 
 `` you do n't know me . '' 
 `` and neither does the world , '' i answered . 
 i rose from the bed , walking toward her . 
 she backed up a few steps like she was expecting me to hug her , but i looked through her . 
 the indignant , obnoxious girl before me was just as much a front as the party girl . 
 what was on the canvas was closer to the truth . 
 `` you painted this ? '' 
 she stepped up beside me . 
 `` i. . . 
 yes . 
 it 's probably not very good . '' 
 i stole a look at her , watching the vicious , overly confident person i knew her as hide behind this quiet , self conscious artist . 
 someone closer to the truth . 
 `` it 's great , actually . '' 
 `` right , '' she scoffed , like my opinion was worth less than nothing . 
 i bit back the urge to call her on it . 
 to take her to task for doing everything she could to make me not like her . 
 ask the right questions . 
 `` i 'm a fixer , '' i said , staring at the slashes on the canvas . 
 letting them cut away the animosity . 
 `` it 's one of the reasons i went into this field . 
 when i see a disaster , i do n't run from it . 
 i run toward it . 
 i like it messy and complicated because i want to be the one that untangles it . 
 but i 'm learning that i 'm not superwoman . 
 there are some things i ca n't fix . 
 sometimes , i have to step back and give other people the agency and responsibility . '' 
 i faced her , needing her to look into my eyes and see that i was coming from some place real . 
 `` i ca n't do this for you . 
 i can lead the way , show you the path but you 're the one that has to walk it , jessica . 
 none of this will work unless you 're ready to take the reins . '' 
 the most important question , the only question that mattered rang in my head . 
 `` do you want to take over your father 's company ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , not missing a beat . 
 `` but - '' `` the but does n't matter , '' i interrupted , pulling out my cell phone . 
 `` the artwork downstairs , is that yours as well ? '' 
 she nodded , finally at a loss for words . 
 `` good . 
 we 're going to set up an art show for next week . 
 we need to show the world that there 's more to you than jet-setting and body shots . 
 which means no more parties unless they 're benefit galas or charity events . '' 
 i glanced up to see if this was all sinking in . 
 her face was blank , but she nodded , biting her lip then releasing it . 
 `` essie has my calendar . '' 
 `` i 'll go find her so we can nail down some dates . '' 
 i stopped at the door . 
 `` and for the record , you 're not kind of good . 
 or merely okay . 
 you 're great . 
 do n't forget that . '' 
 i could have been imagining it , or hoping that i somehow got through , but i could have sworn i heard her whisper ` thanks ' . 
 twelve **** i was back . 
 the whitmore estate looked even more foreboding than before because this time , i knew exactly what to expect : alicia 's haughty little grins , her nameless servants , surrounded by her expansive , cold , empty wealth . 
 i reached over and gripped jacob 's knee . 
 `` you know , it 's not too late to turn around . '' 
 i scrambled for some excuse . 
 `` i feel a tickle in my throat . 
 or maybe you have a headache . '' 
 `` or a stomach bug . 
 some gnarly affliction that just came on . 
 interestingly enough , it occurred after the security guard already alerted her to our arrival . '' 
 he rounded the circular driveway , killing the engine before he looked at me . 
 i knew he wanted to be here even less than i did , but it did n't make any of this easier . 
 `` trust me , i do n't want to do this either . 
 but the only way to beat my mother at her game is to look her in the face and let her see that she did n't win . 
 i 'm not going to hide or avoid her . 
 i need to look her in the face when i tell her to go to hell . '' 
 `` and i can smile gleefully as she gnashes her teeth and threatens to reveal whatever skeletons she has left ? '' 
 jacob interlocked our fingers , his eyes going dark with anger . 
 `` unless she has another son or daughter in her back pocket , there 's no way she can hurt me more than she already has . '' 
 i lifted our hands to my lips and kissed his skin . 
 `` i know it took a lot to come here . 
 i 'm proud of you . '' 
 he released me with a bitter chuckle . 
 `` the night 's still young . 
 my mother has the impressive talent of bringing out the worst in me . '' 
 like he knew i was about to make a last ditch effort to get the hell out of dodge , jacob eased out of the car , walking briskly to my side and pulling the door open . 
 there was no escape now . 
 i reluctantly accepted his hand . 
 `` we can do this ? '' 
 `` we can do this . '' 
 he looked like a man ready to go into battle . 
 his suit was his armor , his dark hair slicked back so the enemy could see just how fearless he was . 
 when he pushed me back against the car and gave me a kiss that made the world spin , i realized i was wrong . 
 i was his armor . 
 he ended the kiss too soon , taking my bottom lip between his teeth and tugging until the throb between my thighs was a consuming ache that could only be sated if he took me . 
 right there . 
 right now . 
 he wet his lips and i swore i could feel his tongue on me . 
 licking . 
 flicking . 
 swirling . 
 tasting . 
 his hands skimmed my side , the unspoken language of our bodies taking over . 
 he was n't really going to-but he had already hiked up my skirt . 
 my panties were already to the side . 
 his fingers dove inside me and i threw my head back , letting loose a moan that was devoured by the darkness . 
 his mouth was on mine , his cock so hard that - `` ahem . '' 
 crap . 
 for the briefest moment , everything ceased to exist but his fingers and lips ... and i forgot that we were standing in front of alicia 's house . 
 jacob slowly ejected his fingers and my jaw dropped when he did n't acknowledge his mother 's existence at all . 
 he looked deep into my eyes and brought his fingers to his lips , suckling each one . 
 making me quiver for more . 
 `` honestly , jacob , '' she hissed . 
 `` you could n't contain yourself long enough to get through dinner ? '' 
 he ignored her , holding out his arm to me . 
 blushing all kinds of red i fixed my skirt and accepted it , deflecting the daggers alicia was throwing my way with a smile . 
 `` let 's get this over with , '' he spat , leading me toward the house . 
 when i stepped inside i expected to see miles , but there was an older woman standing beside the door instead . 
 she was dressed in a plain charcoal colored dress , both hands locked at her side , a plastic smile fitting for a mannequin on her face . 
 with the shirley temple curls that framed her face and the fact that she literally moved no muscles , it was downright eerie . 
 i heard alicia behind us , silent and cussing us out at the same time . 
 i focused on the woman instead , holding out my hand . 
 `` hi ! 
 i 'm leila . 
 and you are ? '' 
 `` the help , '' alicia answered for her , closing the door crisply behind her . 
 my mother-in-law was dressed in a pantsuit that matched the color of her heart-black . 
 she waved the woman away . 
 `` please make sure everything is ready for our guests . '' 
 the woman practically curtsied . 
 `` right away , ma'am . '' 
 jacob sensed my discomfort as i watched the woman hustle away like her life depended on it . 
 `` it 's just the three of us , mother . 
 surely we can manage dinner on your own . '' 
 alicia flicked her bangs to the side like she was discarding that notion . 
 `` i know you 're playing poor for your wife 's benefit , but things have been done a certain way in this home and will be continued to be done as such . '' 
 she strutted past me like i was invisible . 
 `` i already had to let someone go because he forgot his place . '' 
 i remembered miles . 
 so terrified to even breathe . 
 too terrified to even give his name . 
 `` you fired him ? 
 how could - '' `` leila , '' jacob said gently . 
 his eyes told me to pick my battles , and this was one i 'd lose . 
 the anger was already eating me alive and we had n't even been here for five minutes . 
 she fired someone to punish me . 
 what kind of person plays games with people 's lives that way ? 
 it was all my fault . 
 i just wanted her to see him as a person and it cost his job . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i could n't see anything but red . 
 i could n't move . 
 `` i ca n't do this , '' i said hoarsely , so furious that i could go no further . 
 `` i ca n't sit at a table with her . 
 she makes me sick , jacob . '' 
 he stepped in front of me , cupping both sides of my face . 
 `` i 'll be right beside you . 
 once we say our piece , we 'll leave . 
 i promise . '' 
 alicia stood in the distance , waiting in the doorway of the dining room impatiently . 
 `` what are you waiting for , dear ? 
 a trumpet ? 
 the red carpet treatment ? '' 
 `` there will be sharp things , '' i told jacob tersely . 
 `` i ca n't be held responsible for my actions . '' 
 he grinned , his face lighting up with amusement . 
 `` duly noted . '' 
 smiling despite the heartache , i trailed behind jacob , traveling deeper into the lion 's den . 
 i wanted to oohh and ahh over the table . 
 plates were piled high with fruits and vegetables and meat and pastries , but i kept seeing the blank stare of her staff . 
 it seemed like an awful lot of trouble to go through for a dinner for three . 
 jacob pulled out my chair , then slid me closer to the plates piled high with culinary delights before he joined me . 
 from the scowl on his face , he left his appetite at home . 
 alicia assumed the role of gracious host . 
 once the servant filled her glass she raised it in a toast . 
 `` to my guests . '' 
 her teeth sparkled as brightly as the diamonds in her ears . 
 `` to family . '' 
 she could n't be serious . 
 i peered over at jacob and i could tell he was similarly appalled . 
 he did n't raise his glass , but he did give his mother his undivided attention . 
 `` family , '' he said , rounding every syllable of the word . 
 `` what an interesting word coming from you . 
 you , who clearly can not comprehend what such a word means . '' 
 i found his hand beneath the table and held tight . 
 he took a breath and squeezed it back , then released . 
 he could do this . 
 he had to do this . 
 `` i met my brother , '' jacob continued , his voice filling the room . 
 `` the family that you gave away , then lied about it . 
 to my face . '' 
 his eyes smoldered . 
 `` repeatedly . '' 
 the smile was snatched from alicia 's lips . 
 those striking genes that she passed on to jacob and cole hardened to ice . 
 `` i thought we agreed that we would n't discuss this anymore . 
 i admitted the truth , and you told me you 'd drop it . 
 that you did n't want a relationship with the boy , you just wanted to hear the truth . '' 
 i pulled my hand from jacob . 
 confusion was catching tonight . 
 `` you never told me you did n't want a relationship with cole - '' `` things changed , '' jacob snapped . 
 his voice softened when he glanced over at me . 
 `` you helped me see that i was missing out on something special . 
 the chance to know my little brother . '' 
 `` oh god , '' alicia snorted . 
 she rang her condescending little bell and the servant leapt to action . 
 alicia nodded at her wine glass . 
 `` i 'm going to need the whole bottle i 'm afraid . 
 my son has gone soft . '' 
 that bitch . 
 `` are you really that oblivious ? '' 
 i exclaimed , throwing my napkin on the table . 
 i do n't know why i foolishly believed i could hold my peace with alicia whitmore in the room , but i would n't let her hurt my jacob . 
 not again . 
 never again . 
 `` somehow , your son still loves you . 
 he still cares , even after all the horrible things you 've done . 
 and you sit here in your gilded cage and laugh at him . 
 you do n't deserve his love . 
 how can someone so lucky , so blessed , be so goddamn evil ?! '' 
 `` evil ? '' 
 alicia put down her glass and put both hands on the table like she was bracing herself for something big . 
 `` i am not perfect , but i am trying - '' `` being honest should not be an olympic feat , '' jacob spat , rebuffing her sorry attempt at an explanation . 
 `` what i asked of you did n't require a limb or your life or anything you were incapable of giving . 
 you chose to lie . 
 you chose to punish me , just like you 've punished me all my life . '' 
 `` punish you ?! '' 
 i watched in awe as alicia whitmore shattered before my eyes . 
 it was night and day . 
 jekyll and hyde . 
 the always poised , always collected woman was in bits and pieces , her shrieks clawing at my ear drums . 
 `` i was trying to spare you , jacob ! 
 this truth was my burden to bear ! '' 
 her eyes were crazed , glassy with emotion . 
 when the servant came back with the bottle of wine she retreated slowly , like she was all too familiar with this brand of monster and if she got too close , alicia would tear her to shreds . 
 `` what did he tell you ? '' 
 she hollered . 
 jacob was tense , but i saw the concern in his eyes . 
 the worry . 
 `` calm down - '' `` what did cole tell you ? '' 
 she battened down the hatches , going full on crazy . 
 `` what lies did he fill your head with ? 
 did he tell you what a good family he grew up with ? 
 how much he missed you ? '' 
 jacob exchanged glances with me , then cleared his throat , giving nothing away . 
 `` i had his story checked out - '' `` not well enough , '' alicia said coldly . 
 `` i thought you got your brains from me , but you 're just like your father . 
 a hopeless romantic . 
 a fool . '' 
 i jerked to my feet , two seconds away from smacking her across the face . 
 but one look at alicia and i knew there was nothing i could do to her that she was n't already doing to herself . 
 me nor jacob knew what to do . 
 she was clearly having some sort of a mental breakdown . 
 she dropped her head in her hands , her sobs the most hollow and heartbreaking sound i had ever heard . 
 it was the cry of someone that knew they 'd lost everything . 
 someone who 'd reached the end of their rope and had nothing left but death . 
 whatever good will she 'd garnered with her son was sadly evaporating . 
 calling him a lovesick fool did her no favors . 
 `` if you have something to say , i suggest you say it . '' 
 alicia drew a shuddering breath , her body still shaking . 
 she looked up with red , tear soaked eyes . 
 `` i stood by your father through every affair . 
 i had one moment of weakness . 
 one indiscretion ... '' she squeezed her eyes shut like she could n't bear the shame . 
 `` i wanted to keep cole , but your father made it clear that he would not share his home or his wife with another man 's child . 
 we went through a reputable agency and found him a lovely home . 
 but something happened and he ended up in foster care . '' 
 her voice rattled as fresh tears streamed down her face . 
 `` the things he must have endured - '' she let that hang in the air . 
 electrifying the room with the terrible images that you hear about in the news . 
 defenseless , precious children neglected by those who were supposed to protect them . 
 i shut my eyes and saw cole . 
 remembered his story about a happy childhood . 
 a happy family . 
 it could n't all be a lie . 
 alicia swept her hand over her cheeks , raising her chin as she faced her son . 
 `` cole sommers murdered his foster family when he was fourteen years old . 
 he was institutionalized until he was twenty one . 
 he reached out to me when he was released . '' 
 she swallowed hard , her strong , defiant chin trembling . 
 `` he told me he only has one goal life . 
 destroying all things whitmore . '' 
