 chapter one `` are you wearing lingerie ? '' 
 my face dropped like a ton of bricks . 
 i 'd pulled out the big guns and scoured victoria 's secret for something that gave me the illusion of killer boobs despite my barely b cup br ** sts . 
 i scored matching bottoms to minimize my pear-shaped h * ps and butt . 
 i 'd rolled on some stockings even though i hated the things , and i topped off the ensemble with gravity defying heels . 
 he loved my waist length white blond hair when it was down so i obliged , adding strategic waves to frame my face . 
 i was going for a soft sensuality , his good girl gone bad . 
 and he was scowling at me like i was the most offensive thing he 'd ever seen . 
 he tossed his keys on the side table . 
 `` anything for me ? '' 
 he leafed through the mail . 
 leafed . 
 through . 
 the . 
 mail . 
 like spam and bills were preferable to me in lingerie . 
 his girlfriend , who was n't keeping count but knew that it had been 2 weeks , 3 days , and 10 hours since she 'd been touched in an erotic way . 
 and from the looks of it , tonight was quickly becoming a bust . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 he drew his deep blue eyes from the stack of envelopes , his eyebrows arched expectantly . 
 hurt and anger warred inside me . 
 i had expectations . 
 i expected the guy who claimed he loved me to want to touch me without being asked or cajoled into it . 
 i grew up with jason collier , and even though everyone saw that we belonged together , we did n't start dating until after we left for college . 
 we happened to end up in neighboring cities , both majoring in marketing and communication . 
 i 'd been with other guys , but nothing had lasted . 
 until jason . 
 i could still remember our first kiss . 
 the first time we said i love you . 
 the first time we discovered each other 's bodies . 
 our nights were filled with enough heat and passion to make the very sound of his voice thrust me to orgasm . 
 he could barely keep his hands to himself , his eyes alight with need as he took me whenever and wherever he could get me . 
 in his dorm , in my dorm , and when we graduated and moved in together , in every room and on every surface in our apartment . 
 we 'd been living together for a little over a year , and i was n't naive . 
 i knew it was the honeymoon phase where everything was new and spontaneous and a little dirty . 
 i knew time would whittle our trysts down to a couple of times a week , but we went from clawing at each other like horny teenagers to barely touching each other every couple of weeks . 
 i tried again , twirling a blonde tendril around my finger . 
 `` do you like my outfit ? '' 
 he threw me a half-hearted once over . 
 `` it 's great . '' 
 a deep , hollow sadness flared in my chest as he tugged off his tie . 
 where did we go wrong ? 
 i still traced his jaw with my fingertips and leaned in for kisses that led nowhere . 
 i threw hot and heavy looks his way that he deflected . 
 lately , i 'd even given up on being coy and went right for the part of him that used to go wild for me , only to have my advances rebuffed . 
 thinking back on it , things had n't been good with us for a long time , but i held on to those first months . 
 i held on to the three words we had said to each other . 
 i 'd asked if he still wanted me , still loved me , and the answer was always yes . 
 he cited work exhaustion as his excuse . 
 and while he worked long hours , his schedule had n't intensified since those lust-filled days and nights from before . 
 he claimed nothing had changed , but i knew it was n't true . 
 i had made his favorite dinner , bought his favorite wine , and had planned on him having me for dessert - but he could n't even look at me . 
 in fact , he was looking at everywhere but me . 
 at the clock on the wall , at his hands , on the floor . 
 he was right in front of me , the same blond haired , blue-eyed , devastatingly gorgeous man i 'd fallen in love with , but he felt like a stranger . 
 luckily , i had a plan b , a last ditch effort to pump some much needed lust back into our relationship . 
 the reservation confirmation was tucked inside a slender white envelope beside the bottle of wine . 
 inside was our escape . 
 i knew he had three days off coming up , and santa cruz was his favorite place to vacation so i snatched up a rental in pleasure point . 
 sun , sand , romance - it would be just what we needed . 
 it would save us . 
 i grasped the envelope tightly . 
 i trembled with excitement even though his cold reception made me worry that maybe it was too late . 
 maybe we were too far gone . 
 i silenced the thought , turning back to jason . 
 `` i have something to tell you -- '' `` actually , i have something to tell you too . '' 
 i did n't need psychic abilities to figure out whatever he wanted to talk to me about was n't good . 
 still , i smiled , ignoring the voice inside me that whispered that he had n't said i love you back in weeks and i had practically begged him to come home a little earlier today just for my surprise . 
 he looked past me , finally noticing the spread i 'd prepared . 
 his voice was low and melancholy . 
 `` you cooked alfredo ? '' 
 i nodded so hard , so eagerly , i thought my head would snap off . 
 `` i know it 's your favorite . '' 
 he swallowed hard , not meeting my gaze . 
 `` you did n't have to do that , melissa . '' 
 my heart plummeted to the pit of my stomach . 
 melissa - i was n't melissa unless he was pissed . 
 he called me mel , turning something that used to bring images of a balding , overweight mechanic into something erotic and sensual . 
 my full name on his tongue felt stiff and formal . 
 he was still near me , but there was an invisible wall between us , growing brick by brick with every awkward second that passed . 
 `` you know i care for you . '' 
 his deep voice was low and uncomfortable , scraping over my exposed flesh like a scouring pad . 
 it laid waste to my optimism , leaving me with a bitter knowledge . 
 a truth i did n't want to face . 
 there was no escaping it now . 
 `` this is n't working for me anymore . '' 
 my eyelids dropped and i struggled to keep the tears at bay . 
 i was n't sure i could handle the standard line i knew he 'd use . 
 i asked anyway . 
 `` why , jason ? '' 
 and 3 , 2 , 1 ... `` you 're a great girl , melissa . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it 's not you , it 's me . '' 
 my eyes flew open and i surprised us both by laughing . 
 bitter , gut wrenching guffaws that ripped out my insides . 
 with those words , this new hurt found a familiar home with every other guy i 'd dated . 
 men who cited unknown needs , pieces that were missing , time that was wasted . 
 i knew they thought they were doing me a favor by taking the blame , but it brought me no relief . 
 it was insulting that none of them had the balls to give it to me straight . 
 i wiped hot tears from my face , glaring at him . 
 `` after everything we 've been through , do n't bullshit me . '' 
 `` melissa -- '' `` tell me the truth ! '' 
 i hissed , my frustrations and my broken heart paraded for him to see . 
 i locked my jaw when his eyes softened with pity . 
 `` i do n't want pity . 
 i want honesty . '' 
 i 'd never asked for specifics before . 
 i 'd always been too ashamed . 
 too afraid . 
 now the only thing that scared me was the fear that it really was me . 
 he exhaled , the gravelly sigh shaking his muscled frame . 
 `` the things you need in the bedroom ... it 's not right . '' 
 when my eyes widened , he quickly added , `` not right for me . 
 you need things i ca n't provide . '' 
 my face scrunched in confusion . 
 `` because i want you to be more aggressive ? 
 because i want you to take charge ? '' 
 it did n't seem like an impossible request . 
 in hindsight , i remembered something flashing in his eyes before he tried to switch it up and please me . 
 had it been apprehension ? 
 disgust ? 
 `` i can try and be better . '' 
 i hated how weak i sounded . 
 `` we can just go back to how things were -- '' `` i do n't want to go back to the way things were , '' he said flatly . 
 `` and there 's -- '' he paused , his eyes abandoning me . 
 `` there 's someone else . '' 
 i thought the break up was the bomb . 
 i was wrong . 
 my heart splintered into a million pieces as the tears streamed down my face . 
 he was n't just leaving , but he cheated on me too ? 
 he took a step toward me , and i held up a hand to stop him from coming any further . 
 realization flooded his face . 
 `` oh god , nothing 's happened , mel . '' 
 he scrubbed a hand over his face , guilt framing his eyes . 
 `` but i want something to happen . 
 i want her . 
 for once , i have to do what makes me happy . '' 
 my throat tightened , invisible fingers crushing my windpipe . 
 he wanted her . 
 and not me . 
 it should have been a relief that he had n't cheated . 
 not physically anyway . 
 but i was n't relieved . 
 i was furious . 
 i balled my fists , entertaining the idea of punching his perfect face . 
 my heart was bleeding ... it was only fair that he bleed , too . 
 was he with her all those nights i texted and he told me he was oh so tired ? 
 did he long to make her moan while i longed for his touch ? 
 `` get out . '' 
 the words were a whispered command that shattered me . 
 he did n't hear it , but from his slow retreat , he could put two and two together . 
 the problem was , he was n't moving nearly fast enough . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 i roared . 
 he fled so quickly that he forgot to close the door behind him . 
 the world outside zipped by , a technicolor blur . 
 still spinning even though my heart was broken . 
 somewhere in the haze of anger , i realized i was standing in a bra and underwear with the door wide open . 
 it was like a part of me had detached and remained unaffected . 
 that part tugged at my strings and made me trudge to the door . 
 when i reached for the handle , something white and crumpled fell to the floor . 
 i followed its descent , frowning . 
 as it hit the ground , i recoiled like it was something poisonous . 
 something dangerous . 
 i guess it was . 
 at my feet was naivete . 
 it was a belief that i ever had anything to save . 
 i stepped over the balled up envelope and slammed the door shut . 
 when i turned around , it was still there . 
 taunting me . 
 even though i 'd lived in sacramento for two and a half years , i 'd never been to santa cruz . 
 work always got in the way , but jason had always said he 'd take me and teach me how to surf . 
 tears pricked my eyes . 
 i wondered if he 'd take her . 
 a tear dashed my cheek as i bent over and retrieved the envelope . 
 i straightened out the ball of paper inside , nostrils flaring with emotion as i scanned the confirmation from vrbo . 
 i paid for three nights at a studio one block from pleasure point , a renowned location for surfing . 
 you could see the crystal blue water from the street . 
 i brushed the pictures like i was stroking a long lost lover . 
 i 'd been to beaches in san francisco , but the sand had been like crushed ice . 
 santa cruz would be like the beaches back home in north carolina . 
 golden sand . 
 warm . 
 inviting . 
 you could always just go . 
 `` by myself ? '' 
 i said aloud , snorting at the idea . 
 i picked the studio and location for jason . 
 going by myself would only rub salt in the wound . 
 how could i enjoy my time there while being reminded that it was supposed to be for us ? 
 our chance to start over again ? 
 because you 've paid - and did n't purchase trip cancellation . 
 not that vrbo offered my boyfriend broke up with me insurance . 
 the trip was fully paid for , and while i made a good living working as a marketing associate at kaleidoscope marketing , $ 872.35 was a lot of money to throw away . 
 my phone hummed on the coffee table . 
 even though my head told me to ignore it , my heart was a glutton for punishment . 
 jason : i 'm so sorry , mel . 
 my hands shook as i struggled to think of a reply . 
 something more powerful than screw you . 
 i dug deep and decided the best response was none at all before i hurled my phone to the couch . 
 i looked down at the wrinkled paper in my hand , the quaint beach studio calling to me . 
 if i stayed , i 'd be out hundreds of dollars , and i 'd still be depressed and hurt . 
 if i went , i could at least be depressed and hurt at the beach . 
 chapter two the road stretched in front and behind me , the slap of the tires taking me closer to escape from all the drama back in sacramento . 
 kaleidoscope had just brought on a client who wanted to double , triple , and quadruple check in on a daily basis . 
 if i did n't hear her nasally condescending voice ever again , it would be too soon . 
 and then there was jason . 
 apparently now that he had dumped me and confessed that the reason he had n't been in my bed was because he had been daydreaming about someone else , he was suddenly making up for lost time . 
 first it was texts , one-word greetings , and rage inducing emoticons . 
 then he graduated to long winded apologies , lamenting how he wished things were different . 
 i 'd gotten dangerously close to answering him , telling him to save the bs for his therapist , but i knew the moment i answered , i was giving him power over me ... and he would know it . 
 so i deleted his contact information and pretended the anonymous texts were n't from him . 
 it was easier said than done , but it would get easier . 
 every day i was getting closer to being okay . 
 my heart hurt a little less . 
 the anger was dying down from a raging inferno that swallowed me whole and was slowly being reduced to an ache in my chest every time my phone beeped and it was him . 
 i could handle the ache . 
 maybe . 
 my phone sang on the passenger seat beside me , putting my willpower to the test . 
 i gripped the wheel so tight that my knuckles bleached white . 
 my stomach knotted as i waited for his number to flash across the radio dash , but i exhaled with relief when the name stacia martinez showed up instead . 
 i accepted the call with a smile on my face . 
 `` so glad it 's you . '' 
 my heart was still racing . 
 despite all my tough talk , i might have been weak enough to finally answer . 
 `` that ass ** le still bugging you ? '' 
 my smile broadened . 
 stacia had the appearance of someone wholesome and sweet , with long ebony colored hair , baby blue eyes , and innocent cherubic features . 
 however , she cussed like a sailor and was a beast in the courtroom . 
 we 'd met in the cafe across the street from my office a little over a year ago . 
 there was this one two-piece suit , a self-important guy who always ignored the line and skipped his way to the front . 
 stacia had been in front of me , ripping some poor soul a new one , when the skipper strutted in ready to do his usual routine . 
 `` hey you , '' she 'd hollered , her voice rising above the espresso machine and conversations . 
 the businessman froze and looked back , then turned back to the front , sure that he was n't being confronted . 
 `` yes , you in the overpriced armani , with the misplaced belief that your time is worth more than ours . '' 
 the man whipped back to her , his face turning red , steam shooting from his ears . 
 `` who do you think you are ? '' 
 she rose to the challenge , not at all intimidated . 
 `` i 'm stacia martinez , and apparently i need to teach you some f ** king manners . '' 
 the man left , flustered and embarrassed . 
 everyone applauded stacia with whoops and hoorays . 
 i bought her a coffee as a thank you , and the rest was history . 
 `` you have n't talked to him since that night , right ? '' 
 she asked warily . 
 i nodded slowly , then remembered she was n't sitting beside me . 
 `` right . 
 radio silence . '' 
 `` good , '' she snarled . 
 `` good f ** king riddance . '' 
 a beat passed and her voice borrowed some of the sunshine streaming in from my window . 
 `` are you there yet ? 
 i 'm living vicariously through you , remember ? 
 i need every detail , the way the air smells , how hot all the surfers are -- '' `` there will be no hot surfer stories . '' 
 i cut in with a laugh . 
 `` i am still firmly in the men suck stage of my break up . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not saying hit up craigslist for some vacation dick . 
 but something hot , golden , and muscled could do your body good . '' 
 i could picture her winking . 
 she 'd recently ended a long term relationship herself . 
 she 'd been with her guy for three and a half years when he told her he wanted to spice things up and bring a third into their bedroom . 
 and then it was a fourth . 
 and then a fifth . 
 she loved him , but group sex was way out her comfort zone . 
 stacia was definitely of the ` best way to get over someone is to get under someone ' school of thought . 
 `` you 're single , you 're not getting any younger -- '' `` hey ! '' 
 i pouted . 
 `` i 'm twenty-three . 
 i 'm in the prime of my life ! '' 
 `` and you 're going to a prime surf spot with sweaty , delicious surfers , '' she said pointedly . 
 `` and for some reason , you decided now is a good time to take some sort of vow of solitude . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` it 's three days , stacia . 
 i can survive three days without a man . '' 
 `` i 'm just saying do n't build a wall . 
 what happens in santa cruz , stays in santa cruz . '' 
 `` oh god , '' i chuckled , shaking my head as i switched lanes . 
 according to my gps , my exit was coming up . 
 `` do n't you have an assistant to berate ? '' 
 `` and a backlog of cases up to my ears , '' she groaned . 
 `` which is why you need to find someone yummy and ride him like a surfboard . '' 
 `` all right , beyonce , '' i snorted . 
 `` i 'm hanging up now . '' 
 `` have fun , okay ? '' 
 her voice became serious . 
 `` this vacation is about you . 
 it 's your new beginning . 
 bright , sunny , and ass ** le free . '' 
 i bit back the emotion that rushed to my eyes and managed to promise her i 'd be safe and take lots of pictures . 
 she was right . 
 this was a blank page and i decided what would be written . 
 for the next three days , it was all about what made me happy . 
 i rolled the windows down and inhaled deep . 
 the air smelled like salt , sun , and promise . 
 there was no concrete jungle here , no booming metropolis where everyone was busy hustling to their next meeting or appointment that they forgot to look up . 
 you could n't help but look up here . 
 the sky was the softest blue , inviting and vast . 
 i dipped my fingers out the window , the wind and warmth kissing my skin . 
 i turned on a quiet street lined with modest homes and palm trees . 
 i glanced at the directions . 
 the house was a block down , painted white with sea foam green shutters . 
 it was a two-story plantation style house with a private studio tucked away at the back of the property . 
 my parking space was marked by orange cones so i hopped out , moved my car into the space behind an ebony range rover , and killed the engine . 
 confirmation in hand , i went in through the gate as specified and maneuvered down the cobblestone path toward the studio . 
 i heard the sound of running water and froze . 
 i do n't remember any mention of a fountain . 
 i rounded the corner and my heart trampolined to my throat . 
 the running water ? 
 it was streaming from a showerhead ... and down the hottest ass i 'd ever seen . 
 this man was over six feet of tight golden muscle , the planes of his shoulders flexing as he moved his body beneath the water . 
 my eyes traveled down , lust pooling in my panties - his behind looked too good to be true , perfectly carved out of marble . 
 i could imagine my hands gripping it , pulling him deeper inside me . 
 inside me . 
 if his backside was this delicious , i could only imagine how - `` aaah ! '' 
 i gasped as something furry brushed against my leg . 
 a chocolate labrador stared up at me with big , inquisitive eyes . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 too late for that . 
 there was no way he did n't hear me . 
 wincing , i re-opened my eyes and nearly passed out on the spot . 
 my gaze went down the muscular legs , his powerful thighs , and hit the brakes on hardened proof that his front was in fact just as amazing as his ass . 
 he cleared his throat and my face tingled with embarrassment . 
 my core tingled with something else entirely . 
 my eyes locked on his turquoise colored gaze and lingered before my gaze traveled south to his strong nose , angular jaw , and lush kissable lips . 
 i was in full on swoon mode . 
 guys like him were n't supposed to exist in real life . 
 that kind of perfection was reserved for hollywood and the brooding , handsome men that cast their smoky eyes at you from the pages of magazines . 
 but here he was . 
 a butt-naked , very aroused , very attractive man who was looking at me like i was the sexy one . 
 who was currently drinking up my curves like a margarita on a hot summer day . 
 he raked a hand through his slicked back chestnut hair and strode forward . 
 i did n't know him from adam . 
 he could have been some intruder , but i could n't make my legs move . 
 and if i was being honest , i did n't want to . 
 the smile in his eyes traveled to his lips and he extended his hand . 
 `` you must be melissa . 
 i 'm logan mason , the owner of the property . '' 
 chapter three `` do n't you have a shower in your house ? 
 i mean , i do n't know why ... i 'm supposed to check in ... why are you showering outside my studio ?! '' 
 my words tumbled over each other . 
 i felt like i should apologize , but indignation made my words sound accusatory . 
 i kept my eyes locked on his face even after he 'd wrapped his mouthwatering bottom half in a towel as red as my cheeks . 
 `` let me grab that for you . '' 
 before i could answer , he hooked the handle of my suitcase and rolled it in the direction of the studio . 
 tall , devastatingly handsome , and chivalrous . 
 well , mostly chivalrous , since he did n't address my questions . 
 `` be still , my beating heart , '' i muttered sarcastically , trailing behind him . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow over his shoulder . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i said quickly . 
 nothing at all . 
 pay me no mind as i contemplate all the ways i want to break my ` no men rule ' . 
 all the ways i want to be touched . 
 to be fu - i gave myself a mental shake . 
 i did n't know anything about this man other than his name , the fact that he owned a really amazing house and studio , and that he was the best kind of trouble . 
 he oozed sexuality and power . 
 he could have been in a two-piece suit or na ** d as the day was long , and you could n't help but take notice of him either way . 
 he took all the air from the room . 
 and when he opened the sliding door and flashed me a playful wink , i nearly dropped my panties on the spot . 
 i was n't used to guys looking at me like they had to have me ; i was used to batting my eyelashes and plying them with attention in exchange for sex and affection . 
 i 'd only met logan a few minutes ago and he made me feel wanted . 
 it was a beautiful feeling . 
 and terrifying . 
 `` i 'd sweep you up and carry you over the threshold , but that 's not included in the vacation package . '' 
 and there went my heart , pounding right out of my chest . 
 was this what it was supposed to feel like ? 
 easy and consuming ? 
 slow down , melissa , he 's not proposing marriage . 
 it was fairly transparent what he was proposing . 
 he had n't even batted an eye when he noticed that i 'd been watching him . 
 logan knew the effect he had on women . 
 his eyes made promises that i knew he could deliver . 
 i imagined he could easily offer cover clutching , nail-raking , multiple cl ** ax escapes . 
 he would n't need a map or bullet point instructions . 
 he was a man who knew what he wanted and how to get it . 
 i wrung my hands , my teeth sinking into my bottom lip . 
 i 'd never done the one-night stand thing . 
 my cheeks darkened when i realized i was already off to a good start since my body was screaming at me , ordering me to go to him , drop to my knees , and let the lust take over . 
 his gaze shifted , studying me intently . 
 `` i 'll get out of your way . 
 if you need anything -- '' `` wait , '' i interrupted , panic reminding me that i knew how to put one word after the other and hold a conversation . 
 `` i do n't ... i mean ... i do -- '' i stopped , inhaling and exhaling , gathering my wits about me . 
 i took a step toward him , my eyes flickering down to the knot that secured the towel slung low on his hips . 
 his toned pelvic cut teased and my core throbbed , no , ached , to see it again . 
 when i met his gaze and noticed his raised eyebrow , obviously taken aback by my blatant ogling , i apologized . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! 
 i swear i do n't do this . '' 
 i pulled at my hair , twisting the golden locks over one shoulder . 
 usually that action relaxed me , but it was no use . 
 he was deadly silent , still evaluating me with - interest ? 
 annoyance ? 
 he was probably deciding that whatever unspoken romp he had been hinting at earlier was a bad idea . 
 hurt exploded in my chest , remembering jason 's excuses . 
 every rejection , every chaste kiss , every disgusted look when i asked him for more , harder ... that pain was still fresh . 
 i would n't wait for this guy to reject me . 
 `` maybe you should go . '' 
 i said bitterly . 
 i expected confusion , maybe a little anger , but i found neither . 
 he smiled and in his eyes , i saw challenge . 
 like he was impressed by me somehow . 
 he did n't make a move toward the door . 
 he took a single step toward me . 
 `` you do n't want me to leave . '' 
 i did n't , but how did he know that ? 
 `` w-what ? 
 look , i 'm flattered , but i ... i 'm not sleeping with you . '' 
 his lips quirked into a dangerous smile . 
 `` i did n't say anything about sleeping together , melissa . 
 though men like me and women like you were made for each other , i 'm a patient man . 
 but i will say this . 
 i will make you a single promise : before day three of your vacation , you will beg me for it . '' 
 he wet his kissable lips . 
 `` you will beg me to take you . '' 
 indignation curled my lips into a snarl , combatting the heat his words elicited . 
 `` beg you for it ? '' 
 his cockiness was already getting on my nerves . 
 `` i 'm not sure what arrangements you have with your other renters , but you do n't know me . 
 i do n't beg anyone for anything . '' 
 not exactly true . 
 my dad raised me as a single parent , but work kept him from doing much parenting . 
 running kaleidoscope was his life , making it successful his top priority . 
 i begged him for time and affection , but he barely took notice of me until i majored in marketing and communication in college . 
 i begged jason for more . 
 more passion , more aggressiveness , just ... more . 
 and after spending most of our lives fighting our chemistry before finally giving into it , he fell for someone else . 
 but this trip was about new beginnings . 
 a new , improved melissa . 
 and as tempting as it was to surrender to logan , i deserved more than to be a notch on his bed post . 
 i put a hand on my hip and rose to every inch of my 5 ' 7 frame . 
 `` are you refusing to leave ? 
 because per our rental agreement -- '' he held up a hand to silence me . 
 `` i 'm fully aware of the terms of our agreement , just as i am fully aware that you will be mine . '' 
 that should have been appalling . 
 that ` me tarzan , you jane ' caveman mentality usually drove me crazy , but want simmered to a boil inside me . 
 he was so deliciously alpha . 
 all man . 
 all confidence . 
 and all trouble , if you wanted to keep your fragile heart in one piece . 
 `` logan ... '' words failed me as he split the remaining distance between us . 
 he wound an arm around my waist and crushed his mouth against mine . 
 he tasted like pure sex . 
 no flowery caresses and soft strokes . 
 his tongue thrust into my mouth , tasting me with a moan that i involuntary echoed . 
 one kiss , and i was putty in his hands . 
 one kiss , and i knew he was right . 
 i was going to beg . 
 chapter four i knew that logan was n't home , but i still paused after i opened the sliding door , checking to see if he was waiting to pounce . 
 wanting him to pounce . 
 after we kissed yesterday , i 'd been ready to beg then and there , but he 'd ended the kiss , fixed his towel -lrb- and showed me just how much he enjoyed kissing me -rrb- , then did exactly what i asked . 
 he left . 
 it took every ounce of self-control i had not to go after him , or worse , pull out my trusty vibrator to finish what he began . 
 it would have just made me want him even more . 
 that kiss had everything i 'd been looking for , starving for : passion , need , uncontrolled desire . 
 if i nearly came from his kiss , what would the rest of logan do to me ? 
 absolutely nothing . 
 the rational part of my brain took the wheel . 
 logan mason is off limits . 
 he 's ... he 's ... exactly what i 've been waiting for . 
 i knew it was crazy . 
 this kind of thing took time , right ? 
 even if i had a bad case of lust at first sight , i knew myself well enough to know that it would be impossible for it not to become something more for me . 
 some people could hook up and check their emotions at the door , but i had n't mastered that ability . 
 logan would rock my world , and even if we agreed it was casual , with no strings attached , my heart would get in the way . 
 i wanted his body , but i also wanted to know his story . 
 where was he from ? 
 what things drove him wild ? 
 what things did he hate ? 
 and that was exactly why i was doing recon before i went to the beach for the day . 
 i could n't risk running into him when he 'd gotten under my skin . 
 telling him to go the first time had been easy , but that was before the kiss . 
 it would be impossible now . 
 the coast was clear , so i pulled my beach bag over my shoulder . 
 i closed and locked the sliding door behind me . 
 according to the information book in the studio , the neighborhood was safe so i did n't have to lock up , but i was from sacramento . 
 it was n't much , but my laptop was my life and i did n't want some beach bum to break in and hawk it on craigslist . 
 i rounded the corner , eyeballing the hot tub with disdain . 
 when i 'd first booked the studio with me and jason in mind , i 'd had plans that involved his body and my body - i banished the thought with a sniff . 
 my fantasies would have been dashed anyway . 
 he 'd be too tired or not in the mood , and when i looked disappointed , he 'd make me feel even worse by whining about how much pressure i put on him . 
 my heart was filled with lead as i remembered his favorite line : i love you , mel . 
 is n't that enough ? 
 i pulled my shades from the crown of my head and dropped them over my watery eyes . 
 as soon as i stepped through the gate and got on the street , the ocean air flooded my system . 
 my tears dried . 
 march was the perfect time to come here . 
 it was n't high season so the streets were clear , with only a local or two walking past with their pets or surf gear . 
 the sun warmed my skin and the breeze kissed my flesh . 
 my swimsuit was beneath my cardigan , my oversized jeans rolled up mid-calf . 
 i saw the water , blue and vast , in the distance . 
 i snapped a picture with my phone , entertaining the thought of sending it to jason , but then i talked myself out of it . 
 i 'd ignored every other attempt to re-open the lines of communication , and i needed to keep it that way . 
 i sent it to stacia instead . 
 her reply was swift . 
 stacia : jealous ! 
 slept with any surfer guys yet ? 
 i laughed out loud and quickly typed a reply . 
 me : absolutely not . 
 i almost told her about logan , but i knew her . 
 she 'd tell me to screw him asap , and the devil on my shoulder needed no encouragement . 
 i tucked my phone back in my bag as i crossed the street . 
 pleasure point , in a word , was breathtaking . 
 the sun glittered like diamonds on the water . 
 frothy white waves rose and fell as surfers bobbed and paddled , fading into the blue sea . 
 i followed the stairs to the beach , kicking off my flip-flops . 
 my feet sank into the sand , the golden brown particles squeezing between my toes . 
 i watched the surfers ride the waves , envious of their agility . 
 i could swim well enough not to drown in an emergency situation , but it was nothing beautiful or effortless looking . 
 and if you added a surfboard ? 
 yikes . 
 i watched them for a few more minutes , walking to the edge of the water , then i moved back up the stairs . 
 benches lined the sidewalk and i picked one in the sun . 
 i 'd sunbathe for a bit then head to capitola beach and whip out my blanket and umbrella . 
 i closed my eyes , dueling warmth and chill rocking me gently until unconsciousness swallowed me whole . 
 in my dreams , jason was pulling me into the water , ignoring my words . 
 we were going too deep , too far from the shore . 
 he let me go and i flailed , my body sinking into the dark water . 
 the soft blue darkened to navy , then pitch black . 
 his voice was as cruel and dark as the water . 
 `` for once , i have to do what makes me happy . '' 
 `` melissa ? '' 
 the voice was n't jason 's . 
 it was ... logan ? 
 my eyes flew open , locking onto logan 's intense evergreen gaze . 
 my shirt was open in the front and he was flicking his eyes from my face and chest , but it was n't in an erotic way . 
 he winced , his eyes narrowed in concern . 
 `` how long have you been out here ? '' 
 my head was still foggy with sleep so i frowned , not understanding . 
 `` what ? 
 i -- '' my mouth hung open in a silent cry of agony when i moved . 
 my skin was tight ... no , that word did n't seem right . 
 tight would have been bearable . 
 this felt like my skin had been pulled like a rubber band stretched to its breaking point . 
 this was a deep , paralyzing pain that consumed my face , neck , and chest . 
 i looked down and confirmed the obvious . 
 my skin was an angry red . 
 how long had i been out here ? 
 gritting my teeth as i moved , i rummaged through my tote bag . 
 i woke up the screen of my phone . 
 i 'd been asleep for over an hour ! 
 i glanced peevishly up at logan . 
 it seemed like there were only two emotions that reigned when he was near . 
 either i was so aroused i could n't stand it , or i felt so awkward and gangly that i was embarrassed . 
 at the moment , i could tick the 'em barrassed ' box . 
 `` i 'm such an idiot , '' i groaned . 
 his eyes softened . 
 `` yeah , but you make it look incredibly adorable . '' 
 i blushed . 
 or i think i blushed . 
 it was hard to feel anything but pain . 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` luckily for you , i 'm kind of amazing when it comes to these delicate situations . '' 
 `` when people burn themselves to a crisp ? '' 
 i quipped . 
 `` helping a damsel in distress . '' 
 my eyes narrowed defiantly and he chuckled . 
 `` let me help you , melissa . 
 no strings . '' 
 i accepted his hand , even though i knew it was too late for all that . 
 electricity shot through me in a powerful , undeniable current when we touched . 
 i was already tied up and bound to him . 
 chapter five i told logan walking me to the door was more than enough , but he was adamant , gently guiding me to the main house . 
 my beach studio was nicer than my one bedroom apartment back in sacramento . 
 it had hardwood floors throughout and a tropical meets industrial vibe with plantation shutters , exposed wooden beams , and all chrome appliances . 
 it was n't like an interior design magazine 's center spread ; gorgeous but sterile . 
 instead , it was chic yet warm and inviting . 
 it spelled home away from home . 
 the main house was the same but on a grander scale . 
 everything gleamed and glittered , and i quickly kicked off my flip-flops even though he made no such request . 
 i knew that he was wealthy ; he carried himself in the confident way of someone who came from money , but being in his space , surrounded by gorgeous , expensive things reminded me of just how out of place i was . 
 i grew up somewhere between middle and upper-middle class . 
 i never wanted for anything , within reason . 
 logan strode to a fridge with a touchscreen on the front and tapped out a request , which the machine echoed in that perfect machine-like voice . 
 i had a feeling he never wanted for anything , period . 
 he passed me the water and clinked our glasses together . 
 `` bottoms up - and then we can get down to business . '' 
 i nearly choked . 
 `` is everything about sex with you ? '' 
 his eyes twinkled deviously . 
 `` i 'm fairly certain i have n't mentioned the word ` sex ' once . '' 
 `` you do n't have to say it out loud . '' 
 i took a solid gulp for strength and put it down , eyeing him defiantly . 
 `` you say it with your eyes . 
 you say it with your -- '' i cleared my throat and glanced at his crotch . 
 he was in khakis , but he may as well have been naked . 
 i could make out every swollen contour of him . 
 he cocked his head to the side , peering at me curiously . 
 `` is it so bad that i 'm attracted to you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i mean , no . 
 i mean ... i just got out of a relationship , and i do n't want to be hurt again . '' 
 i moved to twist my hair . 
 big mistake . 
 as soon as my hair touched my sunburned skin , daggers of pain sliced through me . 
 `` ow , '' i moaned , going rigid . 
 i did n't want to move or breathe for fear i 'd make it worse . 
 `` c'mere . '' 
 he beckoned at me to follow him . 
 `` i have something that will work wonders . '' 
 `` is it your penis ? '' 
 he let out a chuckle that was dripping with amusement and a sexual current that made me tingle . 
 `` but i 'm the sex obsessed one , eh ? '' 
 before i could make a face , he continued . 
 `` it 's a cream for sunburns . 
 i swear by it . '' 
 i followed him without further protest . 
 even if it did n't have the logan mason stamp of approval , i would have been all over it . 
 i would have rubbed just about anything all over my body if it would dull the pain . 
 i trailed him up the stairs and through a set of double doors that led to his bedroom . 
 the gravity of our destination made my heart stall in my chest . 
 what was i expecting ? 
 logan mason was a man who got what he wanted , and for some unknown reason , he wanted me . 
 my hands felt clammy , my skin flushed -lrb- not that you could tell -rrb- as i backed up . 
 i let out a squeak as i collided with the edge of his bed . 
 how fitting . 
 `` before you get any ideas ... '' i trailed off as he disappeared into the bathroom . 
 when he re-emerged , he was holding a white , unmarked cylindrical container . 
 `` sit down , '' he ordered , gesturing to the bed . 
 i swallowed my pride and sank on the mattress , lip stuck out until the feather soft cushion massaged my rear . 
 i thought my bed was comfortable , a top of the line serta that i had to save up for . 
 it was little more than a bed of rocks compared to this . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i 'd never leave my bed if this was what i slept on every night . '' 
 he unscrewed the cap , his eyes working up and down my body before they returned to my face . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i 'd never leave my bed if you were who i slept with every night . '' 
 my heart sang , and that throb ? 
 if i got any wetter , i 'd slide right off this amazing bed and crash to the floor . 
 logan had a special talent of simultaneously making me want fall in love again and screw his brains out . 
 even though my heart told me to run like my life depended on it , i stayed . 
 and once the cream touched my skin , i was glad i ignored the urge . 
 it was cool and soft , stroking my tight skin and giving it a small measure of relief . 
 logan was gentle , and when i chanced a peek at his eyes , i saw the last thing i was expecting . 
 not pure , unbridled lust ; not the tease and promise of mischief and moans in octaves i did n't even know existed . 
 there was a care , a devotion . 
 he did n't mean me any harm - in fact , those deep green eyes were narrowed with concern that made my defenses tumble down . 
 how was this possible ? 
 i did n't know him , but when our eyes met , it felt like going home . 
 it felt safe . 
 so i did something stupid . 
 i hooked his collar and pulled him to me . 
 the sting of the sunburn did n't compare to the fire that burned in me . 
 his lips were my answer - they caressed me , stroked against my lips , and waited for me to take the lead and dip my tongue into his mouth . 
 he was cautious , and when i pulled back to read him , i saw that the logan mason i knew and lusted for was waiting , holding back . 
 i almost asked him why . 
 i was all but saying ` take me now ! ' . 
 and then i remembered . 
 i grabbed a pillow and hurled it at his head . 
 he deflected the blow easily , flashing the panty-dropping smile that was equal parts endearing and frustrating . 
 a man like logan lusting after me felt like heaven , but at the same time , i hated how powerless i felt under his gaze . 
 like i had no choice but to fall into his arms from the start . 
 to fall into his bed . 
 his voice was dark and erotic . 
 `` i 'm waiting . '' 
 oh , but my body was n't . 
 it had been begging for him from the start . 
 the words tingled on my tongue . 
 `` i want you to take me -- '' the key word hung on the edge and i let go . 
 `` please . '' 
 caution was thrown to the wind as he reclaimed my mouth . 
 his hands raked through my hair and clutched a fistful of it . 
 the pain was sharp and immediate , rippling across my scalp and fanning the desire inside me . 
 i 'd told jason i wanted aggression ; to be taken hard and rough . 
 he 'd always looked at me like i 'd spoken a foreign language . 
 this was what i meant . 
 i wanted to be kissed with reckless abandon . 
 i wanted lust to drum in my ears and possess my body . 
 i wanted to lose myself . 
 logan forced me on my back , his body muscled and delicious above me . 
 biting my lip , i surprised us both by bucking my h * ps and swapping places . 
 his face registered something like surprise , but his hardened length pressing against the crotch of my swimsuit bottoms approved wholeheartedly . 
 i leaned down to kiss him but he clutched my hair , holding my mouth hostage . 
 i was suspended above his lips , able to see its lush contours but not indulge in it . 
 i pouted and he smirked , something dangerous flashing in his eyes . 
 `` pout all you want , beautiful . 
 your last dominant may have played fast and loose , but i like my submissives to be more disciplined . '' 
 he released his hold and i nearly tumbled off of him . 
 dominant ? 
 submissive ? 
 he licked his lips and all my questions faded to black . 
 it was the smallest of gestures , but it was the sexiest thing i 'd ever seen . 
 i leaned back in , needing to taste him . 
 he rebuffed me , his face hard and disapproving . 
 `` you must be dying for a spanking . '' 
 i froze , eyes bulging . 
 wait , what ? 
 `` a spanking ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` how did your last dom punish you ? '' 
 i climbed off of him , confusion scrunching my face - which reminded me of my sunburn . 
 so now i was confused , sexually frustrated , and in pain . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about . '' 
 he propped himself up on his elbows , his eyes wide and filled with fascination . 
 `` i 'm never wrong about these things . 
 i knew it from the moment i saw you . 
 you 're submissive , melissa . 
 you want , need to be dominated . '' 
 chapter six i was out of there as soon as he uttered the letters ` bdsm ' . 
 the terms ` dominant ' and ` submissive ' must have gotten lost in the haze of lust , but it all clicked into place when he dropped the bomb . 
 apparently , he was tall , dark , and kinky . 
 he was a dominant , and he thought i was a submissive . 
 he said it radiated off of me . 
 like a perfume . 
 and i 'd recoiled from him like i smelled something rotten . 
 i , like most women , had heard of fifty shades of grey . 
 i 'd even sampled it before i put it aside . 
 it was all ... too intense . 
 or maybe it was too familiar . 
 reading about a passion , a sizzling chemistry you 'd never have with jason . 
 my hands shook as i stopped at the sliding door to my studio . 
 i glanced at the white container in my hand . 
 i 'd told logan that i could n't do it , that he was asking the impossible , and my legs could n't move fast enough . 
 he 'd gone after me , his face blank , eyes dark and cloudy as he offered it to me . 
 i 'd taken the sunburn cream gingerly , asking why he cared . 
 despite the terrified look on your face , i 'm not a monster , melissa . 
 i slid the door shut behind me , slumping against it with a sigh , then hopping upright with a wince as my body reminded me it was still tender from its losing battle with the sun 's rays . 
 i pulled out a bottle of water from the fridge and downed it in thirsty gulps . 
 i was hydrated , but my body still felt tight and sore . 
 i eyeballed the white container perched on the furthest edge of the counter . 
 chewing on my bottom lip , i retrieved it and opened it slowly . 
 i knew the cream held relief , but it also held something else . 
 questions . 
 questions i never thought to even ask . 
 i was far from a virgin , but jason stood out in my mind , and our sex life definitely fell into the vanilla category . 
 he was perfectly fine with missionary even though i loved to be taken from behind . 
 when he allowed me to go down on him , i had to urge him to take the lead . 
 the one time i asked him to release in my mouth , his answer was `` i 'm not a john , and you 're not a prostitute . '' 
 when i was alone , curled up in bed while he was running late with work or school , i 'd touch myself , dreaming of a man who would n't ask for permission . 
 someone aggressive who would just ... take . 
 and oh , i would give . 
 i had so much pent up need that i would give and give until there was nothing left but our sweaty bodies and the whispered remains of our moans . 
 but dominated ? 
 it seemed so ... crass . 
 i pictured women on their hands and knees with collars . 
 welts and blood and moans of agony , not bliss . 
 as romantic as the parts of fifty shades i 'd read were , that was fiction . 
 that kind of dark romance could n't exist in real life . 
 except you have a delicious neighbor who seems more than willing -- `` to spank me , '' i said aloud , shuddering . 
 i dipped my fingers in the cream , finding the impression he left . 
 i gently smoothed some on my chest , fingers skating to my shoulder . 
 i wished i could find something erotic in being bent over logan 's knee , his hand colliding with my rear end , but it was mostly just unnerving . 
 but i was undeniably curious . 
 everything about logan was coiffed and confident . 
 normal . 
 yet he was obviously super freaky behind closed doors . 
 he identified with that lifestyle and i wanted to know more . 
 how long had he been a dominant ? 
 how many submissives had he been with or trained ? 
 and the million-dollar question was , what did he see in me that made him think i was a submissive ? 
 i smoothed some cream on my face , chuckling bitterly . 
 these were all questions that i should have asked before i blew out of his place like he was some axe wielding murderer in a horror movie . 
 curiosity was festering inside me , an itch i was dying to scratch . 
 even if i was n't sure that i was submissive , i knew without a shadow of a doubt that i longed for more . 
 and somehow logan , a complete stranger , had seen that . 
 i scratched my chin . 
 the cream ! 
 i could say i wanted to return it . 
 but he 'd probably just take it and close the door on my face . 
 my gaze flickered to the fridge , where contact numbers were affixed to the chrome surface . 
 that would be easier . 
 i was n't sure i could face him . 
 i snatched my cell from my beach bag and punched in his number . 
 my heart was thumping in my throat . 
 for a beautiful , depressing moment i thought it might go to voicemail and i 'd get a stay of awkwardness , but he answered . 
 `` this is logan . '' 
 just the sound of his voice made me squirm with desire . 
 `` u-uh hi . 
 it 's me . '' 
 i clarified . 
 `` melissa . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the playful , flirty logan was replaced by cold indifference . 
 and i hated it . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the way i reacted . '' 
 i stopped , swallowing the knot as i struggled to explain myself . 
 `` i did n't handle myself appropriately . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 personally , i enjoy it when a lover gawks at me in horror , then books it as far away as possible . '' 
 `` i 'm in the studio behind your house . 
 trust me , i could go further away than this , '' i chuckled at my weak joke . 
 he did n't . 
 i gasped when something he said resonated . 
 he called me a lover ! 
 `` what did you call me ? '' 
 `` i think you know . '' 
 it was getting hot in here , and i knew it had nothing to do with my sunburn . 
 `` i-i 've been thinking about what you said . 
 about me being a submissive . '' 
 i drew a deep , steadying breath . 
 `` i do n't know if i agree , but i do know i want to know more . '' 
 chapter seven i was n't sure what i was expecting when i followed him to the den . 
 a whiteboard filled with the abcs of being a submissive ? 
 an array of different props , ranging in size and ability to make me wince or holler ? 
 none of the above was waiting for me . 
 it was just a regular den . 
 well , as regular as a multi-million dollar den could be . 
 my eyes swept across the room from the sleek modern fireplace to the plush blood red rug in front of it . 
 i diverted to the ebony colored sectional and framed artwork on the wall . 
 my eyes shot up to the vaulted ceiling , the crisp white paint stark against the exposed mahogany beams . 
 like a furious beautiful mark slashed against skin . 
 when i faced him , he had this look like he could read my mind . 
 like he knew i was already seeing the world through new eyes . 
 `` can i get you anything to drink ? '' 
 `` that bad , huh ? '' 
 i quipped , bypassing the sectional for an armchair . 
 my attempt at a joke fell flat . 
 his perfect mouth was twisted with displeasure . 
 he agreed to talk , but i could tell we had a ways to go before we were back to joking . 
 `` water would be great . '' 
 he gave me a crisp nod and disappeared into the kitchen . 
 i took the few moments alone to dash to the nearest reflective surface . 
 there was no help for my burned skin , but i pulled my hair free from the messy bun on top of my head , shaking out the long locks . 
 it looked more wild than wild and sexy , but it was better than the gym bun i was rocking . 
 i gave myself a silent high five for switching into my heather gray v-neck t-shirt that made my boobs sexy as sin . 
 i was even proud of my strategic fashion faux pas . 
 i knew leggings were n't pants , but these leggings fit like they had been created for me and me alone . 
 they hugged my curves and elongated my legs . 
 i turned back , ready to strategically drape myself in the armchair . 
 logan was standing in the doorway , holding my glass of water and a beer for himself , an amused expression on his face . 
 even though i was embarrassed , i smiled anyway . 
 amused was better than angry . 
 i dug deep and strode toward him , taking my glass and bringing it to my lips . 
 when i brought the rim down and licked my lips before smacking them , his eyes followed the path of my tongue . 
 he was amused and still very attracted to me beneath the cold as ice reception he 'd given me . 
 as if that ` lover ' comment was n't proof enough that he still wanted me . 
 he stepped around me and even though we were still in the same room , i felt the distance in my heart . 
 i hated that he put up a wall between us , but i understood why . 
 if he had his defenses up , my next jab would n't hurt so bad . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i blurted out . 
 i meant it . 
 yes , he was forward and presumptuous , but it was n't like he bent me over and started whaling on me . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he took a swallow of his beer and i watched his mouth with a throbbing in the warm place between my legs . 
 we were quite the pair , staring at each other longingly , drawn to each other 's mouths like moths to a flame . 
 he lowered himself on the sectional , turning lounging into foreplay . 
 the way his hair , longish in the front and cropped short on the sides and back , fell across his forehead teased . 
 it danced in his eyes before he pushed it back , pulling my gaze to the green and passionate opals . 
 by the time i worked my way down the sharp line of his jaw and lingered on his lips , i was practically panting . 
 from the slight tilt of his lips , he knew his effect on me and was loving it . 
 `` so you had some questions ? '' 
 he gestured for me to proceed . 
 `` ask away . '' 
 i went to the armchair , glad it put a little distance between us , but it was close enough that i could still read his expression . 
 see how he really felt if he tried to censor himself . 
 it did n't seem fair that i expected the whole truth from him while i shied away from it myself , but i needed it . 
 i needed all of him . 
 i carefully placed my tumbler on a coaster and got on with it . 
 `` so how long have you been a dominant ? '' 
 he shrugged casually . 
 `` always . 
 it 's as big a part of my identity as the fact that i ca n't function without coffee and i do n't settle for anything less than perfection when it comes to my business dealings . 
 it 's just who i am . '' 
 i must have been making a face because he paused , making one of his own . 
 `` wrong answer ? '' 
 i looked down at my hands . 
 i 'd offended him again , and just like the first time , i did n't mean to . 
 `` no , it 's not that . '' 
 i picked at my nails . 
 `` the way you talk about it , so sure in who you are and what you want -- '' i glanced up . 
 `` it 's amazing . '' 
 my answer must have caught him off guard because his mouth hung open , like he was at a loss for words . 
 he recovered , taking a swig of his beer and turning the tables on me . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 `` how long have you known you were n't vanilla ? '' 
 i dropped my eyes , fiddling with my hair . 
 i knew it was too late to play coy , but i could n't help it . 
 i was raised by a father who turned pale every time i approached him with questions about the changes happening to my body . 
 there was no sex talk , just an awkward ` wait until you 're married ' decree . 
 i had n't of course , but that was n't exactly a freeing sexual experience either . 
 i knew my answer would be lame , but i said it anyway . 
 `` i guess ever since the first time jason -- '' i cut off when logan 's face darkened . 
 the look of jealousy ravaging his handsome face made me swoon . 
 `` that 's my ex , '' i explained . 
 `` whenever he touched me , i always felt like i was standing on the edge . 
 sometimes i 'd even teeter , but he always pulled me back . '' 
 be honest . 
 `` i guess he held me back . 
 he probably would still be holding me back if he had n't gotten bored with me and ended things . '' 
 the dark look on logan 's face turned savage . 
 `` any man that denied you is a complete and utter idiot . '' 
 i smiled weakly . 
 `` you sound so sure . 
 you did n't even know i existed two days ago . '' 
 `` maybe not , but i knew from the moment i turned and saw you tasting me with your eyes that you were different , '' he said smoothly . 
 `` a normal vanilla girl would have apologized profusely -- '' i remembered , finishing the thought . 
 `` but i did n't . 
 i was mad at you for tempting me in the first place . '' 
 it seemed so natural , the sight of him so visceral and my body 's reaction so powerful that i covered it with indignation . 
 could he be right about me ? 
 i shook my head . 
 `` just because i want to spice things up in the bedroom does n't mean i want the whole spice cabinet . 
 i do n't want to be spanked or strapped to something or branded -- '' `` branded ? '' 
 he scoffed . 
 `` what bowels of google gave you that gem ? '' 
 he did n't wait for me to answer . 
 `` this lifestyle is n't one size fits all , melissa . 
 i do n't do cuddling , but i do n't do dungeons either . 
 personally , i have no interest in branding you or causing you intense pain . 
 for me , domination is about control . 
 it 's about knowing someone inside and out , to the point that you know what they want , what they need without them even saying a word . '' 
 his words sent a shiver down my spine . 
 `` a-and submission ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a submissive , so i ca n't speak to that . '' 
 `` well , what did your other submissives want ? '' 
 `` a gentleman does n't kiss and tell , '' he winked . 
 my lips split into a grin . 
 there he was , peeking out from the clouds . 
 `` as i said before , mileage varies . 
 submission means different things to different people . '' 
 he slid to the edge of his chair , staring at me intently . 
 `` humor me . 
 if you were a submissive , what would that mean for you ? 
 what are you looking for ? '' 
 my answer was simple and immediate , like i 'd been waiting for someone to ask me that question my whole life . 
 `` surrender . '' 
 all the things i kept bottled up poured out of me . 
 `` i want someone who possesses me in every sense of the word . 
 he can look at me and know if i need it hard and rough or gentle and ... '' i trailed off . 
 my answer aligned with what he was searching for to a t . 
 he was up , eyes alight with passion . 
 `` if i said i needed you , right now , what would you say ? '' 
 i rose up , my legs steady . 
 there were no thoughts other than our bodies moving as one . 
 `` i 'm yours . '' 
 chapter eight my feet skated across the hardwood floor , my heart booming madly as i gripped logan 's hand , willingly letting him lead me into the unknown . 
 i felt like i should be more apprehensive , more worried considering i 'd fought him from the minute we 'd met , but something inside me had unlocked the moment i looked into his eyes . 
 i had n't just been fighting logan ; i was fighting myself . 
 fighting the carnal needs inside me that i kept at bay because of jason . 
 needs i thought any rational man would run screaming from . 
 but the minute logan drew me into his room , kicked the door shut , and pushed me back against it , a world of possibilities opened up . 
 a world where i could escape and lose myself in my body 's desires instead of hiding them away like a dirty little secret . 
 as logan 's eyes swept over my body , his hands performed a second inspection . 
 i realized dirty was what i 'd been looking for all along . 
 he trailed back up to my cheek , bracing himself on the door behind me . 
 `` i know you have questions , doubts about the lifestyle . 
 for now , i 'll rein it in . '' 
 he ran his thumb along the curve of my lip and i could n't resist , darting my tongue out to taste it . 
 the salt of his skin was electrifying , the moan that started deep inside him shuddering across my body . 
 `` i 'll try and rein it in , '' he remedied huskily . 
 `` but that means you have to behave . '' 
 i arched into him , biting my lip as our bodies met and i felt just how hard he was working to control himself . 
 `` but what if i do n't want to behave ? '' 
 he combed through my locks and held tight until my neck was exposed . 
 ripe for the taking . 
 he drew his lips up and down the line of it , barely touching my hungry , ultra sensitive flesh . 
 driving me wild . 
 okay , he was clearly better at teasing . 
 his lips lingered at my ear , his words making me tremble . 
 `` there are ways to keep you in line . '' 
 fear sparked in my chest . 
 `` spanking ? '' 
 `` that works for some , but i think i know what you need . 
 what will remind you who 's in charge . '' 
 my body had never felt more sensitive , each fevered breath rocking me to the core . 
 i gazed into his eyes , wanting a clue of just what he was hinting at , but i hitched a breath as he spun me around without warning . 
 my chest was pressed against the door . 
 i could n't see him , but oh , i could feel . 
 his hand made its way around my waist and pulled me toward him , against his groin and his delicious erection . 
 i wondered if he was going to spank me after all and in the heat of the moment , i realized maybe it would n't be so bad . 
 instead , he pulled my pants down , achingly slow , until i reached to yank them down the rest of the way . 
 `` hands on the door , melissa . '' 
 without even thinking , i obeyed . 
 he had other plans of his own , his powerful fingers grabbing the globes of my behind , kneading and caressing them . 
 i cursed myself for choosing to wear panties . 
 i wanted him to touch me without the cotton barrier . 
 to dive his fingers into my center and discover just how hot i was for him . 
 but he took his time , almost as if he knew how impatient i was . 
 i gasped , glaring at him over my shoulder . 
 `` is this my punishment ? 
 making me twitch and squirm for you ? '' 
 when his fingers danced dangerously close to my crotch , my eyes rolled back in my head . 
 the feistiness took a backseat to desire . 
 `` do you want me to beg ? 
 i 'll beg . '' 
 i groaned as his hands detoured , leaving me wanting . 
 `` i 'm waiting , '' he chuckled . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'd never heard anything so simultaneously sexy and frustrating my whole life . 
 i threw my head back as his fingers stroked the seam of my panties , intensifying the dizzying need that soaked me to the bone . 
 `` please touch me , logan . 
 i want to feel you inside me . '' 
 as if i 'd uttered the magic words , he yanked my panties to the side . 
 a sole finger stroked the entrance to my warmth and he moaned as he coated the digit with my desire . 
 when he plunged it inside me , my knees buckled , but he had me , finger pushing me closer to the embrace of my cl ** ax . 
 i held onto it , not sure why until he said the words . 
 `` you do n't come until i say so . '' 
 and with that , he pulled his finger out and scooped me into his arms . 
 i should have been self-conscious . 
 sure , he was the kind of man who knew his way around the gym and had the muscles to prove it , but i was far from ` waif throw-me-over-your-shoulder-and-have-your-way-with-me thin ' . 
 but all those doubts were quieted when i looked into his eyes . 
 in his eyes , i saw someone beautiful and sexy and desirable . 
 i saw the me i knew was waiting deep inside . 
 waiting for the right one . 
 `` remove your shirt . '' 
 i quickly pulled it off and tossed it aside . 
 he slowly unbuttoned his own , his eyes rounding the curves of my breast . 
 `` bra too . '' 
 i unhooked the back , my petite br ** sts springing from the b cup bra . 
 when he shed his pants , boxer briefs remaining , the sight of his bulge brought back sweet memories . 
 i 'd be doing more than staring this time . 
 tonight , i 'd feel it deep inside me . 
 he strode forward , f ** king me with his eyes . 
 i tilted my chin up to hold his gaze and let out a breathy moan as he touched the side of my panties and drew them down slowly . 
 he paused when he was level with my sex , inhaling and sighing like it was the sweetest thing he 'd ever smelled . 
 i stepped out of them and he flung them away . 
 `` on your back . '' 
 i sat on the edge of the bed , crawling backward until i hit the middle . 
 my eyes never left his . 
 he removed his boxers then covered his erection with a condom . 
 he even made that sexy . 
 he climbed onto the bed , yanking my legs wide . 
 the bite of pain was a reminder that this would be different . 
 something inside me knew that once i had him , i 'd never be the same . 
 he braced himself , his face the picture of control , but his voice betrayed him . 
 `` you want me inside of you ? '' 
 i trembled as i felt him draw the tip up and down my seam . 
 `` y-yes . '' 
 i inhaled sharply as he slowly pushed his way inside me . 
 i 'd underestimated his girth , the fit tight and erotic , stretching me in the most delicious way . 
 his lips curled deviously as he rolled his hips , savoring my wetness , and then he pulled out and slammed back inside me . 
 he robbed me of all the breath in my lungs , of the ability to form rational thought as he drove in and out of me . 
 the control was gone , replaced by something savage and feral . 
 i wanted to be devoured , stripped down to nothing , and rebuilt by his touch . 
 i wanted to come . 
 each stroke made it more difficult to follow his orders . 
 i was so close that i was making noises that sounded more animal than human . 
 his eyes were shut , savoring the sounds like it was beautiful music . 
 savoring my body 's touch . 
 he pulled out of me , eyes never leaving mine as he beckoned me up . 
 `` hands and knees . 
 ass toward me . '' 
 i assumed the position , groaning with delight when i felt his hands on my hips . 
 our bodies collided , our moans the language of passion . 
 when he said the word , i exploded , a firework erupting in the sky . 
 a burst of light when all i had before was darkness and doubt . 
 he held me close until he found his bliss and in that beautiful moment , nothing else mattered but the two of us . 
 still shuddering , breathing erratic and fulfilled , i sank into the covers . 
 he followed suit , pulling me into his arms . 
 it was so natural , like it had always been like this . 
 i brought my head up from the crook of his neck , searching his eyes . 
 i did n't find regret or remorse but a happiness that echoed my own . 
 still , his comment from earlier rang in my ears . 
 `` i thought you did n't do cuddling . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' he said , eyes sparkling with bemusement . 
 `` i also do n't take a woman to bed unless she agrees to be my submissive . '' 
 i opened my mouth to protest , but he was n't done . 
 `` i 'm a patient man , melissa . 
 i 'll let you make up your own mind . '' 
 satisfied with that answer , i dropped my head back to his chest . 
 `` so where does that leave us ? '' 
 `` i have no idea , '' he admitted . 
 he stroked my back , the gentle caress making my pulse race with excitement . 
 `` but something tells me that this is the start of something amazing . '' 
 the end 
