 chapter one why was it that heat waves always made her want to have sex ? 
 shelby harper was n't certain , but she suspected it had something to do with the spike of body temperature and the constant sheen of sweat that coated her body , clinging to her br ** sts , sticking to her legs . 
 it made her want to rip her clothes off and wander around naked until the end of time . 
 and thinking about being naked logically led to thoughts of sex , right ? 
 or hell , maybe it was n't the heat wave at all . 
 maybe she really should n't have taken the tequila shot that cute navy lieutenant had tempted her into . 
 but she 'd never been able to say no to a man in uniform ... too bad the guy was married . 
 he really had been pretty appealing , with that clean-shaven jaw and those playful green eyes . 
 fighting a smile , shelby reached for another ice cube from the plastic cup sitting on the smooth countertop . 
 though most of the ice had already melted , she managed to find one cube still intact , and slowly ran it over her collarbone . 
 the ice felt heavenly against her fevered skin . 
 a cold shower might have felt even nicer , but she 'd already taken one this morning and she was trying to conserve energy . 
 `` jesus , shel , turn on the air conditioning . 
 i 'm dying of heat here , '' a sexy male voice drawled . 
 the ice cube slid out of her fingers and down her shirt , landing directly in the left cup of her lacy pink bra . 
 her nipple instantly hardened , though it was hard to tell if it was a result of the ice or the sight of john garrett standing in front of the bakery counter . 
 when had he come in here ? 
 her shop was divided into a bakery and a cafe area , the latter being where most of the customers had holed up all evening . 
 she had n't even noticed john-no , he liked to be called garrett , she reminded herself-she had n't noticed garrett walk into the bakery . 
 not surprising , since he was a seal with the navy and possessed the eerie ability to make himself invisible until he decided to materialize out of nowhere . 
 at the moment , however , he was the furthest thing from invisible . 
 wearing a pair of olive green cargo pants that hugged his long , muscular legs and a white t-shirt that was pasted to his rock-hard abs thanks to the heat , he was really , really visible . 
 he shot her a grin that was even sexier than that husky voice of his , adding , `` i 'm hot . '' 
 oh yes you are ... she quickly silenced the naughty voice inside her head . 
 yes , garrett was hot-he was the walking , talking and breathing definition of tall , dark and handsome . 
 and yes , his body was to die for , with all those perfectly sculpted muscles that did n't come from a gym but from swimming with sharks and hanging off helicopters-or whatever it was he did as a seal . 
 but no matter how good he looked , she knew fantasizing about this man would get her nowhere . 
 truth was , garrett was n't interested in her . 
 a year of flirting and that one pathetic attempt she 'd made at asking him out to dinner confirmed this sad truth . 
 whether she liked it or not , he 'd apparently tucked her away in friend territory long ago . 
 which was probably a good thing , because did she really want to hook up with garrett anyway ? 
 she 'd played the part of military girlfriend before , and look how well that turned out . 
 not only had matthew , her ex , been away for months at a time , but apparently he 'd been doing more than playing gi joe when he was gone-he 'd been f ** king every female he happened to encounter . 
 `` earth to shelby . '' 
 she lifted her head and saw garrett was still standing there , still staring at her . 
 jeez , this heat was making her space out . 
 `` sorry , what did you want ? '' 
 `` air conditioning , '' he prompted . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 `` come on , '' he said with another grin , and then a wink . 
 man , how did he get away with winking ? 
 most men looked like complete idiots when they tried to wink . 
 `` give me five minutes in front of the air conditioner , full blast , just to cool off . '' 
 `` increased use of air conditioning during heat waves causes power outages , '' she reminded him . 
 `` which is why half the city is experiencing a blackout . 
 i 'd rather be all sweaty than without power for five days . '' 
 she was pretty grateful , actually , that her bakery was the only place in a ten-mile radius that had power , all thanks to the backup generator she 'd decided to switch on . 
 no way was she going to put a strain on the generator by cranking the a/c . 
 she hated using it as it was , but she had an entire refrigerator full of cakes that needed to be delivered tomorrow morning and she 'd be damned if all those cakes spoiled because john garrett wanted a little bit of cold air . 
 she 'd already done him and his navy buddies a favor by opening the cafe on a sunday evening . 
 the lit-up front window drew the men like flies to honey . 
 to them , electricity meant television , and television meant the ability to see the big game between the padres and the dodgers . 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` you 're all sweaty , huh ? '' 
 figured that he 'd latch onto that one teeny part of her response . 
 `` yes , garrett , i 'm sweaty . 
 it 's a billion degrees out there , in case you 've forgotten . '' 
 `` which only supports my idea about the air conditioning . '' 
 `` forget it . '' 
 she set her jaw and crossed her arms over her chest to show she meant business . 
 `` find another way to cool off . '' 
 a loud cheer came from the adjoining room , followed by the sound of palms slapping against palms in high-fives . 
 the padres had obviously scored another run . 
 `` the game 's almost done . 
 you could take a quick dip in the ocean after you leave here , '' she said , trying to be helpful . 
 but garrett did n't seem to be interested in cooling methods anymore . 
 his chocolate-brown eyes narrowed , glittering with a mixture of amusement and curiosity as he studied her chest . 
 `` are you ... uh , lactating ? '' 
 huh ? 
 she quickly glanced down , suppressing a groan when she saw the round water stain that had seeped from her bra right through her thin yellow tank top . 
 `` ice , '' she blurted . 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 `` an ice cube fell down my shirt . '' 
 he gave a husky little laugh that made her ni ** les harden again . 
 damn it . 
 everything about this man was way too appealing . 
 his warrior body , his messy dark hair and teasing eyes , his laughter . 
 she 'd been attracted to garrett from the second he 'd sauntered into her bakery last year to buy a cake for his commander 's birthday . 
 he 'd requested the most obscene message to be written in icing , and from that moment on , she 'd been a goner . 
 maybe she was through with dating military men , but she knew that all john garrett had to do was ask and she 'd have her clothes off in a nanosecond . 
 but he did n't ask . 
 he never asked . 
 in the year she 'd known him garrett had n't shown one iota of interest in getting naked with her . 
 `` you should take off your shirt . '' 
 until now . 
 she managed a startled laugh . 
 `` really ? 
 why is that ? '' 
 his smile was boyishly innocent . 
 `` because it 's all wet . 
 or , if you 'd prefer , i could get a couple more of those ice cubes and rub them over your right breast . 
 you know , so you match . '' 
 she laughed again , this time to cover up the zing of arousal she 'd just felt at the words `` rub '' and `` your '' and `` breast '' coming out of this man 's sexy mouth . 
 he was obviously joking around . 
 he had to be . 
 because although she 'd imagined garrett 's hands on her br ** sts countless times before , she knew the fantasy would forever stay in her imagination . 
 if john garrett wanted her , he 'd have made a move a long time ago . 
 so instead of responding to his flirty remark , she said , `` you 'll miss the end of your game . '' 
 something that resembled disappointment flickered in his dark eyes . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he coughed . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should , uh , head back in there . 
 sorry i came in here and bugged you . '' 
 what ? 
 he thought he was bugging her ? 
 she opened her mouth to tell him he could hang out with her a bit longer , that she was n't trying to shoo him away , but he turned around before she could say a word . 
 she got a glimpse of his taut backside disappearing through the doorway leading into the cafe and then he was gone . 
 well . 
 shelby leaned her elbows on the counter and rested her flushed face in her hands . 
 what exactly just happened here ? 
 she replayed the entire scene in her mind , starting with the way garrett walked in and demanded she turn on the air conditioner and ending with his offer to rub her br ** sts . 
 and then , of course , his abrupt departure . 
 had she done something wrong ? 
 had she not flirted enough ? 
 she would have flirted more , but she had n't seen the point . 
 she 'd tried it before , and garrett always brushed off her suggestive remarks , making it obvious that he was n't interested but never making her feel as if she were inadequate or anything . 
 he genuinely seemed to like her , but after a year of friendship it was clear he was n't into her the way she was into him . 
 `` you do n't want to get involved with him anyway , '' she muttered to herself . 
 the reminder helped , but only a little . 
 yeah , she was n't interested in dating an officer again , but ... but damn it , she really wished john garrett would have sex with her . 
 `` another shot for our lovely hostess ? '' 
 she looked up and found paul , the married lieutenant , by the counter , yet again holding the tequila bottle and a shot glass in his hands . 
 the guy was obviously trying to get her drunk , and she wondered if she ought to tell him that no amount of tequila would convince her to sleep with a married man . 
 nah . 
 he 'd find out soon enough , especially if he did something stupid , like grope her . 
 if he did that , then he 'd also find out she was pretty damn good at kicking him in the balls . 
 `` i 'm already feeling tipsy , '' she admitted , eyeing the bottle warily . 
 `` tipsy , shmipsy ! 
 it 's the first heat wave of the summer ! 
 it 's a special occasion . '' 
 had he just said tipsy shmipsy ? 
 trying not to laugh , shelby tucked her hair behind her ears . 
 `` no thanks , i 'll pass . '' 
 she could n't go upstairs until the padres game ended , but drinking herself stupid was no way to pass the time until everyone left . 
 and it was n't like another drink would help her forget that john garrett , her long-time fantasy , was in the other room , not wanting to sleep with her . 
 no amount of tequila could make her forget that . 
 `` face it , she 's just not into you , '' carson scott said with a shrug . 
 garrett forced his gaze to stay glued on the television and not drift in the direction of the doorway separating the cafe from the bakery . 
 his peripheral vision caught a flash of movement-shelby rounding the counter to chat with lieutenant paul aston and his tequila bottle . 
 oh shit . 
 did lieutenant asshole actually think he had a flying f ** k of a chance of getting shelby harper into bed ? 
 dream on , brother . 
 shelby would never mess around with a married man . 
 or at least that 's what garrett kept telling himself . 
 because in all honesty , the thought of his sweet , sexy shelby burning up the sheets with lieutenant asshole , or any man for that matter , caused jealousy to spiral down his chest and seize his intestines like a death vise . 
 `` you might as well quit pining over the girl , '' carson added , lifting his beer bottle to his mouth and taking a long swig . 
 `` i 'm not pining , '' garrett said defensively . 
 `` i 'm just ... '' his voice drifted , his brain unable to come up with an alternative description for the way he felt about shelby . 
 fuck . 
 fine . 
 maybe he was pining , just a little . 
 but who could blame him ? 
 shelby was pretty fricking amazing . 
 look up the definition of sexy california girl in the dictionary and shelby harper 's picture would be there , complete with her wavy , sun-streaked blonde hair , her big blue eyes with those incredibly long eyelashes , and that slender athletic body she kept in shape by surfing out at coronado beach every morning . 
 most of the officers who met her thought she was the typical west coast blonde , complete with the dumb part , but garrett had only needed five minutes with the woman to know she was the furthest thing from dumb and typical . 
 shelby harper was smart as hell . 
 funny as hell . 
 nice as hell . 
 and there was n't a chance in hell that she 'd ever get naked with a guy like him . 
 `` look , '' carson said after garrett 's silence had lasted a bit too long . 
 `` you 've spent the last year acting like a choirboy , coming in here whenever you 're on leave and buying those fancy-pants mocha latte frappuccinos without ever telling shelby that what you really want is to get inside her pants . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell a woman like shelby harper you want inside her pants , '' garrett replied with a frown , reaching for his own beer . 
 he took a slow sip , but the liquid was already room temperature , and room temperature meant about ninety degrees . 
 he forced himself to swallow the tepid beer , then pushed the bottle away . 
 `` why the hell not ? 
 she fills out a pair of pants pretty f ** king nicely . '' 
 she sure did ... he forcibly shoved all thoughts of shelby 's tight ass out of his head and said , `` i ca n't treat shel the way i treated all the seal groupies i hooked up with . 
 she 's ... classy and ... nice . 
 she deserves more than a couple sleazy come-ons . '' 
 `` well , since you 've been striking out since day one , maybe a couple sleazy come-ons are what you need . '' 
 `` i , uh , kinda tried that , '' he admitted . 
 `` just now . '' 
 a groan rose in his throat . 
 `` i offered to fondle her tits and she - '' carson hooted . 
 `` you did what ? '' '' 
 - pretty much ordered me to get out of her sight , '' he finished . 
 and now ... now she was cozying up to aston , who was obviously trying to get her drunk enough so she would n't care if he was married or not . 
 `` look , although the fondling line is gold , '' carson chuckled again , `` maybe it 's time you accepted the fact that she 's not interested . 
 and do you blame her ? 
 this place is right near the base . 
 think of all the navy personnel-and groupies-who come in here . 
 she 's probably heard all about your reputation , man . '' 
 garrett clenched his teeth , fighting the urge to hit something , but deep down he knew carson had a point . 
 he was by no means a saint , and no doubt shelby had heard some wild stories about him , most of them true . 
 at best , she knew his past was a revolving door of women . 
 lots of women . 
 at worst , she was aware of his wild streak , maybe even the threesomes , some with none other than carson scott , the guy sitting right beside him . 
 but his reputation was the precise reason why he 'd tried taking a different approach when it came to shelby harper . 
 he had n't been overly flirtatious , had n't acted disrespectfully , and he certainly had n't made it obvious just how badly he wanted her naked beneath him while he drove his c ** k inside her and made her scream his name while she came ... shit , definitely not a good idea to be thinking about stuff like that . 
 he was already hot enough thanks to this heat wave . 
 next to him , carson was n't finished with his lecture . 
 `` shelby 's not a wild chick , garrett . 
 like you said , she 's nice , wholesome , you know , the kind of woman who 'd probably freak out if you suggested , i do n't know , trying something other than the missionary position . 
 she 's got a body that wo n't quit , sure , but there 's this whole pollyanna thing going on . 
 maybe it 's the freckles . '' 
 `` i like the freckles . '' 
 `` yeah , me too . 
 but i 'm telling you , women with freckles are ridiculously vanilla when it comes to sex . 
 i speak from experience , man . '' 
 garrett had to laugh . 
 `` let me guess , your little black book has an entire section reserved for freckle-faced women . '' 
 the other man just grinned , which made garrett wonder if carson really did categorize his conquests ... nah , even carson scott was n't that sleazy . 
 his brain suddenly stumbled over the word sleazy , and he had to wonder if that 's how shelby saw him . 
 he hoped not , but he would n't be surprised if she thought that . 
 even though he 'd bid goodbye to his wild ways , his reputation did precede him . 
 so did his rep as seal , though shel did n't seem all that impressed with his line of work . 
 most women were ready to rip their clothes off when they found out he was a big bad seal , an all-american hero . 
 yet he got the feeling shelby viewed his job as a turn-off . 
 garrett knew she 'd dated a marine a couple years ago and that the relationship had ended badly , which was why he 'd always made a point not to talk about his work . 
 not that it helped . 
 seemed like nothing he did impressed the woman . 
 `` you do n't want to have sex with shelby harper , '' carson was saying , still sipping on his beer . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` cuz she has freckles ? '' 
 `` that , and she 's too f ** king sweet . 
 she 's definitely not the type who 'd be uninhibited in the bedroom . '' 
 carson laughed . 
 `` can you ever see her going for kinky sex , or hell , a threesome ? 
 shit , i 'd love to be in the room and see her face if you ever suggested something like that . '' 
 another cheer from the front of the cafe echoed through the room . 
 garrett shifted his head and saw a couple of petty officers high-fiving over a homerun from the padres . 
 not interested in the game , garrett turned his gaze back to carson , but not before he caught another flicker of movement in the corner of his eye . 
 he quickly glanced at the doorway leading to the bakery , but it was empty . 
 okay . 
 he could 've sworn he 'd seen a flash of yellow-shelby 's clingy little tank top perhaps ? 
 - but when he peered into the next room he saw she was by the counter , still chatting with lieutenant asshole . 
 another wave of jealousy slammed into him like a tsunami , even fiercer than the first . 
 goddammit . 
 he hated the raw emotion shelby , with her vivid blue eyes and mouthwatering body , evoked inside him . 
 it killed him , how much he wanted her . 
 all she had to do was bat those long eyelashes in his direction , give him the slightest hint that she was interested , and he 'd be by her side in an instant . 
 no , screw by her side . 
 one word - and the word was yes-and he 'd be so deep inside her pu ** y that neither of them would be able to walk again for days . 
 the thought made his c ** k twitch . 
 damn , he needed to get out of here . 
 if it were n't a million degrees out there , he might have left . 
 gone home , taken a quick dip in his condo 's pool and slid into bed . 
 but spending the rest of the night in the dark , sweating out this heat wave , was seriously unappealing . 
 shelby 's cafe was the only place with power , and besides , as annoying as it was watching her with another man , at least he could keep an eye on her while he was here . 
 make sure she did n't get plastered and do something stupid , like the lieutenant . 
 yeah , that 's why you 're sticking around , a small voice taunted . 
 fine , so maybe a part of him was hoping shelby would get plastered and do him . 
 a guy could dream , after all . 
 chapter two can you ever see her going for kinky sex , or hell , a threesome ? 
 shelby kept running the words over and over again in her head , wondering if she 'd somehow imagined them . 
 it was hard enough to think in this sweltering heat-add to that a shot of tequila and you got one struggling-to-function brain . 
 but no , she could n't have imagined it . 
 she 'd heard garrett and carson , loud and clear , as they 'd discussed her . 
 scratch that-as they 'd discussed all the reasons to not have sex with her . 
 it really was quite insulting , that they 'd been indulging in locker room talk about her in her place of business . 
 and yet a part of her was ... flattered . 
 jeez , what was wrong with her ? 
 how could she possibly be flattered by the fact that garrett and his buddy thought she was vanilla ? 
 at least it answered the question she 'd been asking herself the past year . 
 john garrett did n't want to sleep with her because apparently she was n't wild enough for him . 
 oh , she knew he liked her . 
 he 'd made that pretty clear during his chat with carson . 
 but he also made it clear that he thought she was sweet . 
 not sweet , as in `` man , she 's got a sweet ass '' but sweet as in `` i do n't want to f ** k her because she 's obviously a huge prude in the sack '' . 
 `` i am not a prude , '' she mumbled to herself . 
 `` what was that , hon ? '' 
 her head jerked up and she realized paul was beside her again . 
 `` oh . 
 nothing . 
 i did n't say anything , '' she lied , suddenly wishing this man would just disappear . 
 one of the other officers was throwing up in the cafe restroom , so she 'd let the lieutenant use the bathroom in the upstairs apartment , where she 'd lived for the past two years . 
 paul 's absence had allowed her to eavesdrop on garrett 's conversation , but now she kind of wished she 'd never been nosy enough to lurk in the doorway . 
 the last thing a woman wanted to hear was that the man she had the hots for did n't think she was wild enough for him . 
 `` so what do you say we kick all these losers out and go upstairs ? '' 
 okay , so maybe that was the last thing a woman wanted to hear . 
 she shot the lieutenant a pointed look . 
 `` what would your wife have to say about that ? '' 
 he looked startled for a moment , then glanced down at the gold wedding band on his left hand as if remembering it was there . 
 uh , yeah , buddy , maybe take the ring off before you try to hit on a woman who is n't your wife . 
 `` my wife and i are actually separated , '' paul said quickly . 
 yeah right . 
 `` i 'm sure the separation must be very painful for you , '' shelby said politely . 
 `` so , the going upstairs idea ... '' he looked at her with a hopeful expression . 
 she just stared at him . 
 the hope dissipated like a puff of smoke . 
 `` right . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` ca n't blame a guy for trying . '' 
 she opened her mouth to retort that , yes , she could blame a guy for trying , especially a married one , but he scurried off before she could speak . 
 trying not to roll her eyes , shelby watched as paul ambled into the cafe , muttered something to the officer he 'd arrived with , then left her establishment without a backwards glance . 
 `` jerk , '' she muttered to herself . 
 `` please tell me you had something to do with lieutenant asshole running off like that . '' 
 carson scott appeared in the doorway , grinning . 
 `` you guys call him lieutenant asshole ? '' 
 she said with a laugh . 
 `` either that , or sleazebag paul . 
 it 's hard to pick one , seeing as he 's both an ass and a sleaze . 
 we tend to alternate . '' 
 shelby peered past carson 's impossibly broad shoulders , trying to catch a glimpse of garrett . 
 apparently the game had ended , because most of the men in the other room were pushing back their chairs and heading for the door . 
 a few approached the doorway , poking their heads in and thanking her for opening up the bakery . 
 she just smiled , waved and wondered where the hell garrett had run off to . 
 probably to find a woman who was into kinky sex and threesomes . 
 too bad . 
 because if he 'd ever bothered to ask her , he might be surprised to know that she was exactly that kind of woman . 
 just because she 'd never acted out any of her fantasies did n't mean she did n't have 'em . 
 `` so we 're taking off , '' carson was saying . 
 `` but we thought we 'd help you clean up a bit before we left . 
 garrett took the beer bottles out to the recycling bin . 
 i came in here to get a rag so i could wipe down the tables . '' 
 she was genuinely touched . 
 `` you guys do n't have to do that . '' 
 `` it 's the least we could do . 
 you did n't have to open the cafe up tonight but you did . 
 might as well repay you with some clean-up . '' 
 he shot her a crooked smile , and a flicker of heat sparked inside her belly . 
 carson really was an attractive man , she realized . 
 she 'd been lusting over garrett for so long she 'd barely noticed what any of his friends looked like , and for the first time , she actually took the time to look at carson scott , really look at him . 
 and she definitely liked what she saw . 
 dirty blond hair , cut short but not short enough that he looked like all the crew cut boys who walked around coronado . 
 his eyes were blue , his features classically handsome , and he was as ripped as his friend garrett . 
 obviously you could n't be a navy seal without possessing one of those hard , sleek bodies that never failed to make a girl drool . 
 `` do i have icing on my chin or something ? '' 
 carson teased . 
 `` damn , i knew i should n't have eaten one of those cupcakes you brought out to us . '' 
 `` no , nothing on your chin , '' she said , cheeks warm as she turned away and stopped checking him out . 
 she rounded the counter and grabbed a rag , then walked back and handed it to him . 
 trying not to stare at his ass , she trailed him into the cafe and watched as he efficiently wiped down all the tabletops . 
 carson had just finished when garrett returned , the chimes over the door jingling as he walked inside . 
 shelby 's heart immediately did a couple of jumping jacks . 
 damn it . 
 why did john garrett always manage to make her pulse race ? 
 `` thanks for having us , '' garrett said , his voice slightly gruff . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she swallowed when she saw him edge back toward the door , suddenly anxious for him not to leave . 
 she still could n't believe he thought she was vanilla , and maybe it was crazy-fine , it was crazy-but she got the feeling a golden opportunity was staring her square in the eye . 
 that tonight would be her one chance to show him that she was n't the sweet freckle-faced prude he obviously thought her to be . 
 `` well ... good night , '' garrett added . 
 their gazes locked , and she could swear the air hissed and crackled with mutual attraction . 
 fine , it was probably the heat making the crackling noise , but still ... she broke the eye contact , slowly glancing over at carson , who 'd dropped the rag on one of the tables and was moving toward his friend . 
 do n't let them leave . 
 the urgent voice inside her head caught her off-guard , but only for a second . 
 because after that second was up , she realized that she really was looking at a golden opportunity . 
 a delicious , ridiculously tempting opportunity . 
 she 's too f ** king sweet . 
 she 's definitely not the type who 'd be uninhibited in the bedroom . 
 god , it would be so wickedly satisfying to prove them wrong . 
 show garrett that his wild ways did n't scare her and that she was perfectly capable of taking him on . 
 taking them both on . 
 heat simmered in her belly , radiated in her limbs and made her weak with ... desire . 
 oh god . 
 she 'd always imagined what it would be like . 
 two men . 
 at the same time . 
 the guys she 'd dated in the past would have been aghast if she admitted to that particular fantasy . 
 even matthew , who had seen nothing wrong with sleeping around on her , would have been horrified . 
 was she crazy ? 
 perverted ? 
 suffering from heat stroke ? 
 maybe , but who the heck cared ? 
 they were all adults here . 
 and yeah , maybe she was a little tipsy from the tequila , but like lieutenant asshole had said , tipsy shmipsy . 
 what was so wrong with acting wild and crazy every now and then ? 
 if wild was what she needed to be to show garrett she could rock his world , then why not ? 
 `` see you later , shel , '' carson said . 
 garrett 's hand was on the doorknob . 
 `` it 's still early , '' she found herself blurting . 
 `` you guys should stay and hang out a while longer . '' 
 his hand froze and he glanced at her over his shoulder . 
 `` you want us to stay ? '' 
 she managed a feeble shrug . 
 `` sure . 
 sleazebag paul left his tequila bottle here . 
 we might as well put it to good use . '' 
 both men just stared at her , but garrett 's hand did drop from the door handle ... `` besides , '' she added , `` it 's so hot out there . '' 
 `` pretty hot in here , too , '' she heard carson murmur . 
 she met garrett 's gorgeous brown eyes and offered a little smile . 
 `` so what do you say ? '' 
 garrett decided he was dreaming . 
 because , really , there was no other explanation for what had just happened . 
 one moment he and carson were about to leave shelby 's cafe , the next she 'd somehow convinced them to stay and put a quarter-full tequila bottle to good use . 
 he did n't know why he 'd agreed , but somehow he had , and now here he was , watching shelby harper toss her head back and take a shot . 
 fuck , she was sexy . 
 her blonde waves cascaded down her shoulders , her delicate throat bobbing as she swallowed back the fiery liquid . 
 she made a face , then handed the bottle and shot glass to carson , who was more than ready for the challenge . 
 carson swiftly took his shot and passed the bottle over . 
 garrett glanced at it for a moment , debating . 
 he had no idea what shelby was trying to accomplish . 
 was she trying to get him drunk ? 
 was she planning on jumping his bones if he did ? 
 and if so , why the hell had she asked carson to stick around too ? 
 something niggled in the back of his mind , but he forced the absurd idea away . 
 no . 
 no . 
 freckles or not , shelby definitely was n't the type who 'd go for a three-way romp . 
 was she ? 
 `` c'mon , johnny , '' shelby teased after he 'd hesitated too long . 
 `` scared of a little tequila ? '' 
 uh-oh , she 'd called him johnny . 
 he 'd once told her how he felt about the nickname . 
 his exact words had been , `` i hate it . 
 i kick the asses of people who call me that '' . 
 but he did n't want to kick shelby harper 's ass at the moment , not by a long shot . 
 she looked so damn good in that tight yellow tank top with her fair cheeks flushed from the heat and the alcohol . 
 he wanted to kiss her . 
 badly . 
 so badly he could practically taste her on his lips . 
 but rather than jumping across the table and capturing her mouth with his , he met her challenge and downed some alcohol instead . 
 the tequila burned its way down to his gut , warming his body and easing the knot of tension coiled inside him . 
 `` god , it 's so hot , '' shelby said with a groan , fanning herself with one dainty hand . 
 then she smiled and shot to her feet . 
 `` we need ice . '' 
 garrett admired her tight little ass as she hurried out of the room . 
 she was wearing a filmy blue skirt that was practically transparent , and if he looked hard enough he could see the outline of her panties . 
 wait . 
 the skirt moved and ... yeah , she had a thong on . 
 oh jesus . 
 trying not to groan , he shifted in his chair , but no matter how he arranged himself his pants still felt exceedingly tight . 
 `` so ... i think she 's trying to seduce us , '' carson murmured . 
 he looked a little startled , as if he could n't quite believe this turn of events . 
 `` i guess i stand corrected on the freckles thing . '' 
 garrett swallowed , not believing it either . 
 he 'd been thinking the same thing , and hearing his best friend and teammate say it confirmed his own suspicions . 
 `` she 's had too much to drink , '' was the only reply he could come up with . 
 `` she 's not drunk , man . 
 walking in a straight line , not slurring her words ... '' carson 's mouth stretched out in a smile . 
 `` i think she knows exactly what she 's doing . 
 and exactly what she wants . '' 
 he wanted to argue , but shelby returned with a plastic bowl filled with ice and flopped down in her chair again . 
 when she reached for an ice cube and began trailing it down her neck , garrett decided carson was right . 
 shelby knew precisely what she was doing . 
 and her plan obviously included making her two companions as hard as granite . 
 a little moan slid out of her throat as she rubbed the ice along her collarbone , leaving a path of glistening moisture on her silky skin . 
 garrett shifted again , but it was futile . 
 he had an erection of monstrous proportion , and it only continued to grow the longer shelby dragged that ice cube over herself . 
 she lifted her wavy blonde hair up and cooled the nape of her neck . 
 ran the ice up and down her bare arms . 
 brought it back to her collarbone , then-oh sweet lord-slid her fingers under the neckline of her tank top . 
 it amazed him to realize that he was jealous-of the f ** king ice cube . 
 he could see her palm moving beneath her shirt , hear her sighs of contentment as she rubbed the ice over the tops of her perky br ** sts , and all he wanted to do was push her hand away and take over . 
 `` you guys are missing out , '' she teased , gesturing to the bowl on the table . 
 `` seriously , take some ice and put it down your shirt . 
 it feels like heaven . '' 
 carson chuckled . 
 `` ca n't speak for garrett , but i 'm having more fun watching you . '' 
 shelby made an irritated sound and pulled her hand out of her cle ** age . 
 the ice had melted , and her fingers were wet , making garrett want to lean forward and lick the moisture off with his tongue . 
 and when he finished licking her fingers , he 'd tear that shirt off her body and lick everything beneath it . 
 and then ... then he 'd get down on his knees , lift that skirt up to her waist and lick under there too ... quickly averting his gaze , he clenched his fists , stunned to realize he was unbelievably close to coming . 
 he 'd almost blown his fricking load , in his pants , without so much as touching shelby . 
 the woman was far more dangerous than he 'd ever suspected . 
 `` look how nice it feels ... '' he slowly uncurled his fingers and lifted his head just in time to see ... yup , shelby was running an ice cube along carson 's jaw line . 
 garrett watched as she leaned in closer and traced carson 's mouth with the ice . 
 the lucky bastard was enjoying every second of it and garrett did n't blame him . 
 he 'd be pretty happy too if shelby had her fingers on his mouth . 
 which raised the question - would he be getting a turn ? 
 because damn , he really , really wanted one . 
 but she seemed pretty content teasing carson to oblivion , and then she leaned even closer and ... kissed him . 
 she was kissing his best friend . 
 and garrett , f ** king strangely enough , was as turned on as he was envious . 
 he could n't help himself , could n't tear his eyes away from the sight of shelby 's mouth pressed against carson 's . 
 her tongue sliding between his friend 's lips and delving into his mouth . 
 the soft moan she gave when their tongues met . 
 shockwaves of heat pulsed in garrett 's groin . 
 fuck . 
 fuck . 
 what was happening ? 
 he 'd wanted this woman for an entire year , and here she was , kissing his buddy . 
 kissing , and running her fingers through carson 's hair , and ... was he imagining it or had she just slid her other hand onto carson 's lap ? 
 `` whoa , '' carson muttered , and garrett knew he had n't imagined it . 
 shelby did indeed have her hand on his friend 's crotch . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 carson asked hoarsely . 
 good question . 
 shelby withdrew her hand and leaned back in her chair , but garrett saw the hint of a smile tugging at her lush lips . 
 `` i 'm going to be honest , '' she finally said , shifting her gaze between the two men . 
 `` i think we should go upstairs to my apartment . 
 all three of us . '' 
 carson 's head swiveled in garrett 's direction . 
 garrett , however , kept his gaze on shelby . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 he squeezed out . 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 she shrugged , demurely clasping her hands together on her lap . 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 he had to ask . 
 her smile transformed into a naughty grin , her ocean-blue eyes sparkling with desire and amusement . 
 `` because i want to , of course . '' 
 because she wanted to . 
 it was such a simple , no-nonsense answer , and yet garrett could n't wrap his brain around it . 
 who was this wild-eyed vixen and what had she done with his sweet , freckle-faced shelby ? 
 shelby , the woman who baked cakes for a living , who actually cared enough to ask him how his day was , who could brighten up his world with just one small smile . 
 he 'd spent the last year getting to know her , holding off on asking her out because he did n't want to make it seem like all he wanted to do was jump her bones . 
 and now here she was , flat-out offering to jump his bones , along with the bones of his closest friend . 
 part of him was distressed . 
 dismayed that he 'd obviously gotten her all wrong , that she was only looking for a good time like all the other women he 'd been with . 
 but another part of him , the turned on part , was dying to go upstairs with her . 
 so what if she wanted carson to tag along ? 
 garrett had craved this woman for so long that at this point he was willing to do anything to get her . 
 take what you can get , his body was telling him . 
 his head , too , seemed to be in agreement , pointing out that the offer was n't likely to stay on the table for long . 
 a few more moments of hesitation and she 'd probably kick him out and choose to go upstairs with carson instead . 
 just carson . 
 `` let 's do it then . '' 
 the words came out before he could stop them and once he 'd thrown them out there he could n't take them back . 
 his legs were unusually shaky as he stood , but he managed to keep a composed front . 
 glancing at carson , he added , `` you up for it ? '' 
 his buddy looked momentarily surprised , shooting him a look that said , `` are you sure about this , man ? '' 
 it was actually kind of nice , that carson would request permission . 
 carson scott was the type of guy who did what he wanted , when he wanted it , but when it came to his friends he was oddly considerate . 
 since garrett had n't made his feelings for shelby a secret , it was n't surprising that carson would respect them . 
 he knew all he had to do was give an imperceptible shake of the head and carson would hightail it outta there , but if he telepathically ordered carson to get lost , would shelby still want him ? 
 or was a threesome a prerequisite for tonight 's fantasy ? 
 he looked over at shelby , whose arousal was clearly written all over her flushed face , and realized the answers to either of those questions did n't matter . 
 he was going to take what he could get . 
 one on one , two on one , it did n't f ** king matter . 
 not as long as he got to be with this woman . 
 and so he offered carson a small nod of reassurance , because really , if a kinky menage was what shelby harper had in mind , then that was exactly what he 'd give her . 
 chapter three oh god . 
 garrett and carson were actually coming upstairs with her . 
 so they could have sex . 
 so the three of them could have sex . 
 she had n't thought they 'd actually agree to it . 
 garrett had almost fallen out of his chair when she 'd suggested it . 
 for a moment she 'd even thought he 'd get up and walk out the door . 
 but whatever reluctance he might have felt had faded the second he 'd stood and said let 's do it . 
 thank god for the tequila swimming around in her blood , that 's for sure . 
 she was n't drunk by any means , but the slow burn of the alcohol and the lightness inside her head definitely made it easier to climb up the narrow staircase leading to her apartment . 
 she did n't dare turn to look at garrett , who was directly behind her , his breath warming the back of her neck . 
 she almost jumped two feet in the air when she felt his lips brush her ear . 
 his voice was gruff as he said , `` sure you want to do this ? '' 
 they reached the door and she pushed it open , walking inside the dark living room without answering the question . 
 did she want to do this ? 
 should she back out , tell them it had been the tequila talking and that no , she had no intention of getting naked with them ? 
 she stopped , leaned against the wall and stared at the two men who 'd followed her inside , both gorgeous in their own right . 
 garrett , with his dark hair and rugged good looks . 
 carson , fair and blond with his chiseled gq-model face . 
 she could ask them to leave , claim this was a mistake , but her body 's reaction to them made it hard to open her mouth and say the words . 
 god , what was wrong with her ? 
 her ni ** les were as hard as icicles , her panties were soaked , and every cell in her body begged for the chance to be taken by these two sex gods . 
 two hard bodies pressed against hers , two pairs of hands touching her , two mouths kissing her , two cocks - `` shel ? '' 
 garrett prompted . 
 she swallowed . 
 it was unbelievably hot in the apartment , making it hard to breathe let alone think . 
 open a window , that 's what she needed to do . 
 or turn on the fan sitting on the coffee table . 
 but she could n't bring herself to move . 
 her pu ** y was throbbing , her clit so painfully swollen she had to squeeze her thighs together before she keeled over . 
 `` so how do you want to do this ? '' 
 she burst out . 
 there , she 'd finally said something . 
 which meant she could n't back down now , because the something she 'd said pretty much made it obvious she intended to do this . 
 and jeez , did that throaty femme fatale voice actually belong to her ? 
 `` it 'd help if you took off your clothes , '' carson returned with a sexy chuckle . 
 garrett said nothing , but his piercing brown eyes were narrowed with arousal , as well as another emotion she could n't quite put her finger on . 
 she wished he would come over and kiss her . 
 she already knew what carson 's kiss tasted like . 
 slow , teasing , languid . 
 would garrett 's lips feel as soft against hers ? 
 would he be gentle ? 
 or would his kiss be rough , greedy ? 
 suddenly she could n't wait to find out , but since they obviously expected her to get naked before they touched her , shelby reached for the hem of her tank and pulled the thin material up and over her head . 
 her bra was practically pasted to her body , drops of sweat already forming between her br ** sts . 
 her fingers were shaky as she unhooked the front clasp and shrugged the lacy bra off her shoulders . 
 neither man said a word , but their eyes widened with approval at the sight of her bare br ** sts . 
 the palpable appreciation jumpstarted her confidence , and her hands were no longer trembling when she gripped the elastic waistband of her flowing skirt and took that off too . 
 the thong came off next , and then she was naked and on display for the two sexiest guys she 'd ever encountered . 
 carson 's soft whistle broke through the silence . 
 `` jesus , shelby , '' he hissed out . 
 `` you 're f ** king gorgeous . '' 
 heat spilled over her cheeks . 
 both men were completely dressed , and there she was , standing in front of them without a stitch of clothing so they could openly admire her . 
 and under their scrutiny , her ni ** les tightened , her br ** sts grew heavy and a rush of moisture pooled between her legs . 
 maybe it made her the slut of the century , but she could n't wait to get started . 
 evidently garrett felt the same urgency , because before she could blink he had stepped toward her and was pulling her naked body to his clothed one . 
 she stared at his mouth , knowing her excitement was written all over her face . 
 `` kiss me , '' she whispered . 
 he quickly complied , pressing his lips to hers . 
 his mouth was hot , firm , insistent . 
 oh yes . 
 carson had kissed her like he had all the time in the world , his mouth lazy , but garrett was more intense . 
 his kisses were rough and hungry and passionate , as if he wanted to devour her . 
 well , she wanted to devour him too . 
 so she did , sucking hard on his tongue and shamelessly rubbing against his lower body . 
 breathing hard , she tugged on the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head . 
 underneath the shirt , his chest was all muscle , a wide expanse of hard ripples and smooth golden skin , with a dusting of light brown hair leading to the waistband of his cargo pants . 
 her mouth went dry , her hand unsteady as she reached out and touched that incredible chest . 
 she brushed her finger over one of his flat , brown ni ** les , eliciting a ragged sigh from his throat . 
 she was trying to decide if she was bold enough to lower her head and suck on his nipple when she felt a warm pair of hands stroking her bare back . 
 she nearly jumped , then realized it was carson , obviously eager to join in the fun . 
 oh god , this was surreal . 
 her naked body sandwiched between these two big men , carson 's hands squeezing her ass , garrett dipping his head and kissing her again . 
 shivers of arousal danced up and down her spine , and a resulting moan slid out of her mouth . 
 garrett chuckled softly , then planted his hands on her waist and turned her around , pressing his groin into her ass as carson filled her mouth with his tongue . 
 she could feel garrett 's erection nestled between her ass cheeks , and when carson pulled her closer and parted her knees with one hard thigh she could feel the ridge of his arousal too . 
 she sighed , pushing her ass against garrett and reaching down to rub carson through his khakis . 
 `` take your pants off , '' she murmured . 
 she was addressing both of them , but carson was the only one to reply . 
 he offered her a lopsided grin and muttered , `` do it for me . '' 
 she found herself glancing over at garrett , who simply glanced back , his dark eyes flickering with raw heat . 
 `` do n't keep the man waiting , '' he said with a faint smile . 
 drawing in a slow breath , she tugged at carson 's zipper . 
 it lowered with a metallic hiss . 
 shelby hesitated , unsure of what to do next . 
 this was all so new to her , the entire experience seeming more like a figment of her dirty imagination than a real-time occurrence . 
 `` help me out here , '' she said with a nervous laugh . 
 `` what comes next ? '' 
 carson 's blue eyes twinkled . 
 `` i do . '' 
 he took her hand and guided it inside his pants . 
 she took another breath , gathering every ounce of naughty courage she possessed , and finally wrapped her fingers over his c ** k and started stroking him . 
 he groaned , and she saw him fumble with his waistband , attempting to push his pants down . 
 `` help me out here , '' he mimicked , his features taut with unrestrained lust . 
 sinking to her knees , she pulled down his khakis and boxers , wondering if the blood drumming in her ears was a result of the tequila she 'd drunk downstairs or the hard c ** k that sprang up against her face . 
 god , he was big . 
 she circled his tip with her index finger and he shuddered . 
 `` shit , that 's nice , '' he said hoarsely . 
 she shifted her head and saw that garrett was now leaning against the arm of her old patterned sofa . 
 he was still clothed , still watching her with those sexy dark eyes . 
 she squeezed carson 's shaft , then met garrett 's gaze at the same time she took his friend 's c ** k into her mouth . 
 with a moan , carson tangled his fingers in her hair and guided her , pushing his erection deeper into her mouth . 
 garrett 's eyes narrowed , and the fire she saw there nearly made her keel over backwards . 
 swallowing hard , she finally broke eye contact and focused on the delightful task of sucking carson 's dick . 
 she ran her tongue along his shaft , flicking over the sensitive underside . 
 he groaned in approval , still holding her against him with one warm hand . 
 her pu ** y throbbed as she licked him from base to tip , her body growing hotter and tighter the longer she moved her mouth up and down his cock . 
 the room was quiet save for carson 's ragged breathing and the sound of the suction her mouth was making over his dick . 
 `` bedroom , '' came garrett 's gruff voice . 
 she tore her lips away from carson 's cock , realizing for the first time that they had n't even made it to a bed yet . 
 she was on her knees in the middle of her living room , carson 's erection hovering in front of her face while garrett watched from the couch . 
 the scene was so deliciously dirty that she almost sagged forward , the carpet scratching her bare knees . 
 he was right . 
 they definitely needed a bed . 
 shelby could n't remember getting up , could n't recall how carson ended up lying in her bed while she kneeled between his legs and continued driving him wild with her tongue , but somehow they got there , and suddenly garrett 's hands were stroking her from behind . 
 the mattress sagged , the springs creaked , and she gasped when she felt his fingers tugging on her ni ** les . 
 god , was it possible to be this turned on ? 
 there were too many things going on at once . 
 carson 's c ** k in her mouth , garrett 's palms on her br ** sts , his erection pressed against her ass . 
 then garrett 's hot breath was fanning across the nape of her neck . 
 `` you want me to f ** k you while you suck carson 's dick ? '' 
 he muttered , rolling her ni ** les between his fingers . 
 all she could do was whimper . 
 he gently tipped her forward and she gasped when he slid one finger into her already sopping-wet pu ** y. `` you love this , do n't you , shelby ? '' 
 he taunted , then pressed his lips to her neck . 
 pleasure surged through her . 
 she felt like a volcano that had been dormant for decades , only to erupt out of the blue , with such force , such power , that it covered everything , everyone , with hot smoldering lava and to hell with the consequences . 
 she pushed her ass into garrett 's exploring finger , her lips still wrapped around carson 's dick . 
 a delighted cry tore out of her throat when garrett worked another finger into her pu ** y . 
 he slid those two long fingers in and out of her , so hard and deep that she almost bit down on carson , who obviously sensed her inability to multitask and gently pulled her up . 
 she found herself sprawled over carson 's rippled chest , her br ** sts pressed against his defined pecs , while her ass jutted out to accommodate garrett 's talented fingers . 
 carson pinched her ni ** les , rolling the rigid peaks with his fingers . 
 he smiled when she let out a soft sigh , then tugged on her hair and angled her head so they were at eye-level , so he could brush his warm lips over hers . 
 his tongue slid into her mouth , dueling with hers , stealing the breath right out of her lungs . 
 her body was overcome with sensation-garrett 's fingers inside her , carson 's hands squeezing and playing with her br ** sts , the hot tongue inside her mouth and the c ** k twitching against her belly . 
 `` do you like having john finger you while my tongue is in your mouth ? '' 
 carson whispered against her lips . 
 `` yes , '' she squeezed out . 
 `` i 'm going crazy here , '' he added , his features creased with pure hunger . 
 he grasped one of her hands and dragged it down to his cock , urging her to jerk him off . 
 garrett 's husky voice drifted from behind . 
 `` will you come if i keep doing this , baby ? '' 
 he added a third finger into the mix then began stroking her clit with his thumb . 
 `` eventually , '' she managed to utter , her mind spinning from the tornado of pleasure assaulting her body . 
 `` eventually ? '' 
 garrett made a tsk-tsk sound . 
 `` ca n't have that . 
 we want you to come now , do n't we , carson ? '' 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 garrett pulled his fingers out and she almost wept with disappointment . 
 a second later she was weeping with delight , because suddenly she was on her back and garrett 's head was between her legs . 
 his warm mouth covered her pu ** y , his tongue flicked over her clit and ... oh yes ... his fingers were back too . 
 the pleasure was so intense she could barely keep her eyes open , let alone stroke carson , who 'd shifted and was now lying next to her . 
 he did n't seem to mind that her hand had stopped moving . 
 instead , he just pushed that hand away and lowered his mouth to her breast . 
 `` come on , shelby , '' carson murmured . 
 `` i want to see you lose control . '' 
 within moments he got his wish , because it was pretty darn hard not to lose control when these two men were driving her mad with their tongues . 
 with carson sucking on her aching ni ** les and garrett licking the hell out of her , shelby exploded . 
 her orgasm seized her body in a rush of blinding pleasure that had her crying out uncontrollably . 
 the room spun , the mattress sagged , the air became too thick to breathe as she shuddered on the bed from ecstasy she 'd never even thought possible . 
 she whimpered , trying to wiggle away from garrett 's unwavering tongue but he gripped her hips with his hands and kept her in place . 
 continued to finger her and suck on her clit until the world tilted again and a surprising second orgasm tore through her . 
 oh god . 
 when the waves of release finally ebbed , she could barely move . 
 she heard the sound of carson 's soft chuckle against her br ** sts , garrett 's ragged breaths against her pu ** y , and wondered if it was supposed to feel this good . 
 god , why had n't anyone ever told her how good it would feel to have two men make her come ? 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 garrett asked with a touch of humor in his voice . 
 he lifted his head from her thighs and sat up , lightly stroking her stomach . 
 `` i 'm ... great . '' 
 she blinked herself out of her orgasmic trance , noticing that he still had his cargo pants on . 
 `` take those off already , '' she complained . 
 without addressing her grievance , he pulled a condom out of one of the many pockets lining his pants . 
 flicking the square packet at his friend , garrett said , `` i 've only got one . '' 
 a tiny pretzel of disappointment knotted in her belly . 
 as appealing as she found carson , he would n't have been her first choice as the winner of the one-condom raffle . 
 but she did n't voice her frustration , not wanting to shatter any macho egos here . 
 carson easily caught the condom that had been thrown to him and then uttered words that had her disappointment dissolving into delight . 
 `` there 's a couple in my wallet . 
 think my pants are somewhere in the living room . '' 
 he grinned at shelby as if to remind her she 'd been the one to dispose of those pants . 
 `` i 'll grab 'em , '' garrett said , then disappeared out the door . 
 shelby stared after him , admiring the way his pants hugged his sexy ass . 
 the moment of admiration was brief , though , because the next thing she knew carson was covering her body with his . 
 he kissed her , and gone were those lazy kisses he 'd been giving her when garrett had been sucking on her clit . 
 carson 's tongue filled her mouth and then he drove his c ** k into her without warning . 
 that first thrust stole the breath out of her lungs . 
 a small moan found its way out of her mouth , reverberating against carson 's greedy tongue . 
 `` god , shelby , you 're so tight , '' he muttered . 
 his rough , erratic pace drove her wild and she arched her hips to take him in deeper . 
 god , this felt fantastic . 
 was it wrong that it was this damn fantastic ? 
 she 'd been lusting after garrett for so long that the way her body responded to carson scott almost felt like a betrayal . 
 but garrett did n't seem betrayed as he walked back into the bedroom . 
 he paused in the doorway for a second , watching as carson f ** ked her , and then finally , finally , shelby saw him start to unbutton his pants . 
 she tore her mouth away from carson and watched as garrett approached the bed again , pulling down his zipper as he walked . 
 she could n't unglue her gaze from him , mesmerized by each small movement . 
 his hands pushing his pants down . 
 his fingers on the waistband of his black boxer briefs . 
 watching her watch him , he slowly removed the boxers , smiling faintly when her eyes widened . 
 his c ** k jutted out , long and thick and rock hard . 
 bigger than the c ** k currently pumping inside her . 
 `` like what you see ? '' 
 garrett asked gruffly . 
 she managed a nod , her mouth too dry for her to speak . 
 then she moaned , because carson had slowed his pace and was teasing her body with deep , leisurely thrusts the way the sight of garrett 's erection teased her eyes . 
 garrett moved closer to the bed , his dark eyes so unbelievably intense that shelby felt the first swells of orgasm flutter to the surface . 
 she sucked in her breath , her inner muscles clamping over carson 's cock . 
 she was seconds away from losing control again , and garrett obviously knew it because in the blink of an eye he was on the bed , kneeling in front of her and parting her lips with his erection . 
 his tip slid into her mouth and the masculine taste of him was all it took . 
 shelby exploded again . 
 `` jesus , '' carson groaned . 
 `` keep squeezing my c ** k like that ... yeah , shel ... just like that . '' 
 she could n't seem to stop moaning , the sounds muffled against garrett 's dick . 
 as shockwaves of pleasure rocketed through her body , she lapped at him with her tongue , his husky groan only heightening each wave of her orgasm . 
 `` fuck , i 'm going to come , '' carson hissed , his fingers curling tightly over her hips . 
 she opened her eyes in time to see his features grow taut , his eyes glaze over with sheer bliss . 
 carson pushed into her , once , twice , his thrusts erratic , and then he exploded too . 
 she felt him shudder from the climax and she had to pull her mouth away from garrett 's c ** k in order to smile . 
 she 'd driven guys to climax before , but carson 's orgasm brought her to a level of satisfaction she 'd never experienced . 
 he 'd doubted her sexual abilities when he 'd called her vanilla , and she wanted to shout out from the rooftops that the freckle-faced good girl had just made doubting carson come . 
 and come hard . 
 the ragged breaths rolling out of his chest were enough to widen her smile into a full-blown grin . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 she teased , tracing his strong jaw line with her fingers . 
 he stared down at her with heavy-lidded eyes . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 that was ... amazing . '' 
 she was still smiling as carson slowly withdrew and stumbled off the bed . 
 he rolled off the condom with one hand and shot her an unbelievably satisfied look before ambling into the bathroom . 
 and then she was alone with garrett . 
 whose c ** k was still inches from her mouth . 
 whose eyes were still glimmering with raw hunger . 
 she arched one brow at him before leaning closer and flicking her tongue against his cock . 
 he groaned when she sucked the drop of pre-come from his tip . 
 tangled his fingers in her hair and tried to pull her even closer . 
 she quickly leaned back , enjoying the disappointment she saw flashing in his dark eyes . 
 `` so carson gets to have all the fun ? '' 
 he grumbled . 
 she responded with a soft laugh . 
 `` actually , carson was just my warm-up . '' 
 again , that throaty voice slipped out of her mouth as if it belonged to her . 
 `` now i 'm really getting started . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 with another laugh , shelby sat up and climbed onto his lap , pressing her palms on his extraordinary chest and forcing him to lean back against the headboard of the bed . 
 then she twined her arms around his neck and kissed him . 
 chapter four oh christ . 
 garrett did n't think he could ever get enough of shelby harper 's sexy lips . 
 she kissed like a f ** king dream , her mouth pliant and warm , her tongue slick and eager . 
 if he died right now , with shelby 's curvy naked body in his lap and her tongue in his mouth , then he 'd die an unbelievably happy man . 
 `` i love your lips , '' she whispered , surprising him by voicing the identical thought he 'd just been having . 
 she pulled back and dragged her index finger over his bottom lip , her touch gentle . 
 she was looking at him like he was a juicy thanksgiving turkey she could n't wait to dig her teeth into . 
 blue eyes glimmering with heat . 
 cheeks flushed with arousal . 
 his gaze slid south and sure enough , her ni ** les had pebbled into two tight peaks . 
 had she been this turned on for carson ? 
 it was absurd , that he would be thinking about that now , making jealous comparisons , but he could n't help it . 
 shelby was so different from the women he 'd shared with carson . 
 she might 've surprised the hell out of him by suggesting a threesome , but garrett was certain she did n't do things like that often , and his jealousy slowly transformed into satisfaction . 
 it was obvious she was enjoying herself-she 'd already come three times , for f ** k 's sake-but there was no doubt in his mind that she was enjoying this part of the night a lot more . 
 him and her . 
 one on one . 
 kissing the way he 'd wanted them to kiss for more than a year now . 
 `` and your tongue , '' she added breathlessly , pulling back for air . 
 `` i love your tongue even better than your lips . '' 
 he chuckled softly and swept his hands over her tailbone . 
 her skin was moist with sweat , and he was about to offer to turn on the ceiling fan when a cell phone rang . 
 at first garrett thought it was his , but his pants were sitting at the foot of the bed , and the ringing sounded like it was coming from the living room . 
 `` shit , '' carson said as he came out of the bathroom . 
 `` that 's me . '' 
 his friend was still as naked as the day he was born , but garrett was n't particularly fazed . 
 he 'd seen carson naked dozens of times , and the sight of his friend 's c ** k or bare ass no longer made him uncomfortable . 
 carson hurried out of the bedroom , his footsteps echoing in the hallway . 
 a moment later , his muffled voice drifted in from the living room as he spoke to whoever had just called him . 
 garrett turned to find shelby staring at him , her expression one of curiosity . 
 `` you guys do this , um , threesome thing often , do n't you ? '' 
 she said awkwardly . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` we were a lot wilder a few years back , before we finished the seal training . 
 we do n't do this kinda thing too much anymore . '' 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he offered a what-can-you-do ? 
 smile . 
 `` people tend to grow up . 
 besides , we 're out of the country a lot , which makes it hard to , you know , get shitfaced and do the whole menage thing . '' 
 `` so ... why tonight then ? '' 
 deciding that honesty was probably the best policy , he raised his hand to her cheek and stroked her soft skin . 
 `` i wanted to be with you . 
 and you wanted a threesome so ... '' he let his voice drift . 
 she was quiet for so long he was surprised when she spoke again . 
 `` i wanted to be with you too , john . '' 
 she averted her eyes . 
 `` i would 've wanted it even if carson were n't here . '' 
 before he could respond to her startling confession , the sound of footsteps interrupted him . 
 carson reappeared in the doorway , a frazzled expression on his face . 
 `` jenny 's car broke down . '' 
 he had his pants on , but they were unbuttoned and he zipped them up while bending down to retrieve his shirt from the floor . 
 `` my sister , '' he explained when he caught shelby 's questioning expression . 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 garrett asked . 
 he was n't surprised , though , since jenny made it a habit of calling her big brother whenever she needed to get out of a jam . 
 which was often . 
 trouble seemed to follow that woman around like a stray dog . 
 `` car overheated , '' carson replied . 
 he poked his head through the neck hole of his shirt and straightened the hem . 
 `` she claims she 'll die of hyperthermia if i do n't come and help . '' 
 he rolled his eyes , adding , `` i , personally , think she does n't have enough money to pay for a tow truck . 
 she blew her last paycheck on a pair of six hundred dollar shoes - who the f ** k pays that much money for shoes ? '' 
 carson drifted over to the edge of the bed , where a very naked shelby was still straddling garrett 's lap . 
 with a faint grin , carson dipped his head and planted a light peck on shelby 's forehead . 
 garrett immediately experienced another flicker of jealousy , but he smothered the irritating emotion . 
 `` i just want to say that you , shelby , were absolutely incredible . 
 i 'd also like to say we 'll do this again sometime , but i highly doubt garrett will agree to share next time . '' 
 carson chuckled . 
 `` he likes your freckles too much . 
 not so much your fancy coffees , but he totally digs the freckles . '' 
 he moved away from the bed . 
 `` i 'll see myself out . '' 
 with a mock salute , carson left the room . 
 a moment later , the sound of the front door latching echoed throughout the apartment . 
 and then there garrett was . 
 alone with shelby . 
 naked with shelby . 
 just like he 'd always dreamed . 
 he shifted his gaze back to her gorgeous face , wanting to kiss her again , but her perplexed expression made him reconsider . 
 `` what did he mean about you not liking my coffee ? '' 
 she asked slowly . 
 garrett managed a noncommittal shrug . 
 `` nothing . 
 carson rarely makes any sense . '' 
 he tried to stroke one of her amazing br ** sts but she swatted his hand away . 
 then she crossed her arms over bare br ** sts , as if covering herself up would force him to have this conversation . 
 he almost laughed . 
 she had no idea how distracting her body was , covered up or not . 
 `` you do n't like my mocha lattes , '' she blurted out , her eyes widening with horror . 
 garret sighed . 
 `` but ... you buy one practically every day you 're not at the base or off on assignment . 
 you 've probably spent hundreds of dollars buying coffee from me . 
 and the cakes - '' she gasped . 
 `` do you even like cake ? '' 
 he could n't help but smile . 
 `` yes , shelby , i like cake . 
 and yes , i might prefer good old black coffee to the elaborate concoctions you sell , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 her voice was soft . 
 `` but i 'd drink antifreeze if it gave me a chance to see you , all right ? '' 
 something dawned in those dazzling blue eyes of hers . 
 `` you come in just to see me ? '' 
 `` afraid so . '' 
 `` because we 're ... friends ? '' 
 he sighed again . 
 `` that too . 
 but mainly because i have a huge f ** king thing for you and i 've been trying to figure out how to tell you for about a year now . '' 
 the silence was so great you could hear fifty pins drop . 
 his admission had obviously stunned her , because she just sat there , staring at him , her firm thighs cradling his still-hard dick . 
 the silence dragged on for so long he wondered if he should repeat the words , maybe in a different language this time since she honestly did n't seem to comprehend what he 'd said . 
 she spoke before he could . 
 `` you have a thing for me ? 
 even though you think i 'm vanilla ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` what ? 
 who said-aw shit , i knew you were listening in the doorway when i was talking to carson . '' 
 he searched her face , suddenly wondering if ... had she actually ... ? 
 `` did you bring us up here to prove something to me ? '' 
 she did n't answer , but the telltale blush on her cheeks said it all . 
 `` jesus , shelby ! '' 
 frowning at his harsh tone , she crossed her arms tighter over her chest and said , `` it was n't the only reason . 
 i really did want ... i 've always ... it was a fantasy of mine , okay ? '' 
 she looked defensive as she said it . 
 `` maybe it makes me a big slut in your eyes , but i 've always wanted to experience ... you know , two guys . '' 
 now she just looked embarrassed . 
 she tried to climb off his lap , but garrett gripped her hips and rolled them both over so that she was lying on her back and he was propped up on his elbow , looming over her . 
 again she attempted to wiggle away from him , so he simply quieted her with a long kiss . 
 she gave a sharp intake of breath before kissing him back , her warm tongue sliding into his mouth . 
 `` i 'm not judging you , '' he murmured when he pulled his mouth away . 
 `` and i do n't think you 're a slut , not at all . 
 i just do n't want you to think that you need to , you know , screw my friend in order to make yourself more appealing in my eyes . 
 truth is , you 've always been pretty damn appealing to me . '' 
 `` then why did n't you ever say something ? '' 
 her eyes were soft as she reached up and touched his chin . 
 `` i 've been flirting with you for a year , garrett . 
 you could 've given me a sign that you were interested . '' 
 she 'd been flirting with him for a year ? 
 jeez . 
 maybe if he had n't spent so much time trying to figure out a way to ask her out he would 've picked up on that flirting . 
 as it was , he felt like a complete idiot for missing the signals she 'd apparently been transmitting his way . 
 `` i did n't want you to think i only wanted sex from you , '' he finally confessed . 
 `` so all that stuff about my freckles and me not being into kinky sex ... ? '' 
 `` that was carson trying to convince me you were n't interested in me because of my reputation for being a , uh ... '' `` man-ho ? '' 
 she supplied . 
 he leaned down and kissed the mischievous smile right off her lips . 
 `` my man-ho days are over . 
 i was serious when i said i want to be with you . '' 
 `` this , coming from the guy who just watched his best friend have sex with me . '' 
 `` i 'll admit , that made me jealous as hell , '' he said gruffly , tucking a strand of blonde hair behind her ear . 
 `` but i thought ... well , like you said , it was a fantasy of yours . 
 and now that you 've gotten it out of your system , maybe we could focus on my fantasy . '' 
 her eyes twinkled . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 `` you . '' 
 he brushed his lips over hers , and this time when she deepened the kiss he did n't pull back . 
 no more talking . 
 right now all he wanted to do was lose himself in shelby 's warm body and sweet lips . 
 he licked his way from her mouth to her neck , sucking gently on her skin and inhaling the intoxicating scent of her . 
 she smelled like flowers and lavender and , ironically enough , vanilla . 
 but carson had been dead wrong earlier , because there was nothing vanilla about shelby . 
 no other woman had ever managed to turn him on this fiercely . 
 he moved his mouth from her neck down to her br ** sts , drawing one nipple between his lips . 
 he flicked his tongue over the pebbled nub , enjoying the way she moaned and tangled her fingers in his hair to bring him deeper . 
 he suckled on her other nipple and got another moan for his effort , and then shelby 's fingers had left his hair and were stroking his c ** k until he could barely see straight . 
 `` you 'll make me come if you keep doing that , '' he growled . 
 `` i thought man-hoes had excellent restraint . '' 
 `` i meant what i said about those days being over . 
 i have n't been with anyone for more than a year , shel . '' 
 her hand dropped from his dick , her expression both startled and wary . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously , '' he confirmed . 
 the look in her eyes told him she was n't sure whether to believe him , and again he decided to put an end to all the talking . 
 they could discuss it all later-right now he just wanted to enjoy being naked with shelby . 
 the heat in the bedroom was palpable , both from the heat wave outside and the sparks sizzling between them . 
 inhaling some much-needed oxygen , garrett slid his hand between her legs and touched her clit , then lower , groaning when he found her pu ** y soaking wet . 
 `` damn it , '' he squeezed out . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he could hear the smile in her voice . 
 `` i 'd planned on going slow . '' 
 `` and you 're speaking in the past tense because ... ? '' 
 `` because the plan was shot to hell the second i felt this . '' 
 he palmed her then pushed two fingers inside all that wetness . 
 `` god , i need to be inside you . '' 
 he grabbed the condom lying next to them and rolled it onto his dick , and a second later he was on top of her , driving into her sweet heat to the hilt . 
 `` johnny , '' she gasped , so much pleasure loaded into her voice he did n't bother reminding her how much he hated being called that . 
 truth was , the name sounded sexy coming from shelby 's lips . 
 he slid his hands underneath her and cupped her firm ass , pushing himself in deeper , buried so far inside her pu ** y he thought he might be hurting her . 
 but her soft groans and the way she tilted her hips spoke otherwise , and soon he was pumping into her without an ounce of finesse . 
 he felt like a horny teenager again , needing to drive his c ** k into her over and over again , needing to explode in a climax that was one year in the making . 
 shelby did n't seem to mind . 
 if anything , she was moving more erratically than he was , meeting him thrust for thrust , begging him to go faster , and , when fast did n't seem to be enough for her , harder . 
 `` john ... i 'm going to ... oh god ... '' she dug her fingers into his back , which was now soaked with sweat , and proceeded to fall apart beneath him . 
 the look of ecstasy in her eyes as she came was enough to send him flying over that same cliff . 
 white-hot pleasure shot down his spine and grabbed hold of his balls , and then he was coming too , his heart damn near bursting , his eyes blinded by the light exploding in front of them . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 he gasped out a breath , trying to put what he 'd just experienced into more eloquent words . 
 `` that was ... jesus . '' 
 apparently shelby was n't capable of talking any more than he was , because she simply gave a contented sigh and wrapped her arms tighter around him . 
 he knew he must be crushing her , so he gently tried rolling off , but she held him in place and murmured , `` stay . '' 
 smiling , he slowly withdrew his still-hard c ** k from her tightness , never moving off her while he took off the condom . 
 then he planted a soft kiss on her lips and said , `` do n't worry , i do n't plan on going anywhere . '' 
 chapter five shelby woke up the next morning to the sound of rain pounding against the bedroom window . 
 she and garrett had n't bothered shutting the curtains last night , and she turned her head and watched as fat raindrops streaked down the glass . 
 looked like the heat wave had finally broken . 
 the heat level between the sheets , however , was still at record-breaking levels . 
 `` do n't you ever stop to rest ? '' 
 she asked as garrett slid one warm hand underneath her panties and teased her clit with his fingers . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he snuggled closer to her , looking ridiculously adorable with his dark hair tousled from sleep and his brown eyes twinkling with mischief . 
 she still could n't believe he 'd stayed the entire night . 
 somehow she 'd been expecting him to freak out or something , decide he 'd made a mistake by sleeping with her and jump out of bed in horror . 
 she thought she 'd wake up to find his side of the bed empty , the imprint of his body the only sign that he 'd actually been there . 
 but here he was . 
 playful and awake and not in the least bit remorseful about what they 'd done . 
 it was obvious the only remorse he felt was over the fact that she was still wearing panties , but he quickly took care of that . 
 `` we should really get up , '' she said reluctantly as his fingers continued their exploration . 
 he grabbed her hand and dragged it to his crotch . 
 `` i 'm already up . '' 
 a jolt of desire shook her body when she felt his hard-on . 
 oh yeah . 
 he was definitely up . 
 she curled her fingers over his shaft and slowly began to stroke him , all the while wondering what had come over her . 
 the alarm clock on her nightstand read nine a.m. . 
 she had an entire refrigerator of cakes that needed to be delivered , and yet she could n't stop touching garrett , could n't dissuade her body from responding to those talented fingers of his and the way his thumb circled her clit and ... screw the cakes . 
 who needed so much sugar this early anyway ? 
 she kicked the tangle of bedcovers off her legs and climbed onto his lap . 
 `` fine . 
 you talked me into it . '' 
 laughing , he reached up and cupped her chin . 
 his warm hands pulled her face toward his . 
 a second later his lips covered hers . 
 the kiss was gentle , a flick of tongue , a nip of teeth , and then he moved his mouth to her neck and lightly sucked on her skin . 
 heat curled inside her , then spread through her body , leaving sizzling shivers in its wake . 
 garrett 's morning stubble chafed her skin but the small abrasions only turned her on more . 
 she loved his rough masculinity . 
 `` god , i do n't know how i went a whole year without touching you , '' he groaned into her neck , wrapping his arms tightly around her waist . 
 she inhaled the spicy scent of him , threaded her fingers through his hair and forced his mouth back to hers . 
 this time his kiss was loaded with hunger and she responded eagerly , pushing her tongue into his mouth and savoring the taste of him . 
 she 'd never experienced kisses like this before , hot and hurried and so damn erotic that even her tongue began to tingle . 
 leaving one hand on her hips , he moved the other around and lowered it between her legs . 
 never breaking the kiss , he stroked her deftly , massaged her clit , and then pushed a finger inside her , until the dull ache of desire filled her veins and her thighs trembled . 
 `` no , not yet , '' she breathed , trying to push his hand away . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 she reached for the nightstand , where a lone condom sat , just waiting to be torn open . 
 she was suddenly grateful she had n't let garrett use it when he 'd woken her up with a kiss in the middle of the night . 
 carson had only had two condoms in his wallet , and since she 'd wanted to conserve them she 'd rewarded garrett 's wake-up kiss with a blowjob that would go down in history-no pun intended-and now she was glad she 'd had the foresight to be condom-stingy . 
 `` you 're a sex maniac , '' garrett teased as she ripped the corner of the packet and practically threw the condom at him . 
 `` look at who i 've got in my bed . 
 i waited a year for you too , you know . '' 
 he rolled the latex over his impressive hard-on , tilting his head as he said , `` i still ca n't believe i missed all those signals you were sending . '' 
 his hand moved back between her thighs and he groaned when he felt how wet she was . 
 `` we could 've been doing this ages ago . '' 
 she straddled him again and guided his c ** k where she wanted it . 
 `` sure , but do n't you think it was worth the wait ? '' 
 he thrust upwards . 
 `` oh yeah . '' 
 god , she did n't think she 'd ever get used to having him buried inside her . 
 it felt so good , so right . 
 she whimpered when he withdrew , wiggled around in an attempt to bring him back where he belonged , but he would n't let her . 
 chuckling softly , he flipped her onto her back and took control , teasing her opening with the tip of his cock . 
 `` i told you i want you inside , '' she complained . 
 `` yeah , well , i want it to last . 
 i want you so bad i 'm about to explode . '' 
 `` then explode . '' 
 he shot her a rogue grin . 
 `` not until you do . '' 
 she gave one final attempt at getting her way , but he grasped her wrist with his fingers before she could reach for his dick . 
 then he took her other wrist , shoved both up over her head and locked them together with one strong hand . 
 `` now be patient , '' he ordered , his dark eyes flickering with both arousal and amusement . 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 very slowly , he rubbed his c ** k over her opening again , dragging it up and down her wet slit . 
 each time his tip brushed over her clit she shuddered . 
 and each time she arched her hips he withdrew and shook his head with disapproval . 
 he was still restraining her hands , but his hard grip only drove her wild . 
 she kind of liked being at his mercy , lying beneath him while he did whatever he wanted to her feverish body . 
 her br ** sts started to tingle , her ni ** les hardened , her pu ** y clenched , and yet he still did n't enter her . 
 his torturous teasing became too much , her body was too primed , and when he finally plunged into her there was no stopping the orgasm . 
 it hit her like a freight train . 
 rushed through her blood , clamped onto her muscles and sucked all the breath right out of her lungs . 
 she heard herself moaning but the sound was muffled by the roar of her pulse in her ears . 
 garrett did n't slow down , did n't let her recover . 
 he just tightened his hold on her wrists , biting down on her neck and filling the room with husky groans that signaled he was close . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist , her bare feet resting on his taut backside as she lifted her hips off the mattress to bring him in deeper . 
 keeping her eyes open , she watched as his features strained and his eyes grew heavy-lidded from his impending release . 
 `` come on , johnny , '' she murmured , loving the expression on his face , loving that she was the one who put it there . 
 he buried his face in the curve of her neck , his c ** k began to pulsate , and then - oh yes-he was coming inside her . 
 she could feel his heart racing , thudding against her br ** sts like an erratic tribal drum . 
 he groaned , thrust one last time , then grew slack . 
 `` jesus , '' he wheezed out . 
 `` is it just me or does it only get better with us ? '' 
 finally letting go of her wrists , he rolled over and pulled her on top of him . 
 she pressed her face against his chest and hooked one leg over his muscular thighs . 
 they lay there for a few long moments , neither of them speaking , neither of them moving , until garrett reached down and laced his fingers through hers . 
 `` it was definitely worth the wait , '' he murmured , answering her earlier question . 
 her heart leaped up and did a little flip-flop . 
 god , she was outrageously into this man . 
 she 'd never imagined he could be so tender , so sweet . 
 she wished she could lie in bed with him forever , hold his hand and kiss him and wake up to his sexy face every morning for the rest of her life . 
 `` let 's stay here forever , '' he mumbled , echoing her thoughts . 
 she stroked his rippled chest and planted a kiss on one flat nipple . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 the image of a refrigerator full of cakes floated into the foreground of her brain . 
 `` but i ca n't , '' she added reluctantly . 
 she shifted and his fingers instantly curled over her hip . 
 `` no getting up . '' 
 a sigh slid out of her throat . 
 `` i have to . '' 
 `` i forbid it . '' 
 laughing , she disentangled herself from his embrace and got to her feet . 
 her legs almost gave out on her , the sweet aftershocks of her orgasm still fluttering through her body . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i have an entire refrigerator of cakes that need to be delivered . '' 
 the alarm clock now read ten-thirty . 
 damn . 
 she was already cutting it close . 
 a lot of the cakes needed to be delivered by noon . 
 `` ca n't you do the deliveries later ? '' 
 garrett grumbled . 
 she smiled at the disappointment flashing in his eyes . 
 `` i really ca n't . 
 but if you want , you can be my driver and hang out with me all day . '' 
 no sooner were the words out of her mouth than garrett 's cell phone went off . 
 he swore softly , leaning over the side of the bed and reaching for his cargo pants . 
 he fished his cell out of one of the pockets , frowned when he saw the number on the screen and lifted the phone to his ear . 
 `` garrett , '' he said briskly . 
 shelby watched as he listened to whatever was being said on the other end of the line . 
 he did n't say much , except a couple `` yes , sirs '' , and a quick , `` i 'll be right there '' . 
 and then he hung up the phone and the disappointment in his eyes deepened into regret . 
 `` that was my commander , '' he told her . 
 `` oh . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` i take it you have to go ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` overseas ? '' 
 he was already getting out of bed and fumbling for his clothes . 
 `` probably . '' 
 she swallowed harder . 
 `` how long will you be gone ? '' 
 `` no idea , babe . 
 it could be hours , days , weeks , months ... '' voice trailing , he pulled on his pants and zipped them up , put on his shirt and headed for the bathroom . 
 she heard him turn on the faucet , then flush the toilet . 
 he was gone only for a moment , but a moment was all it took for old memories to launch a tired attack . 
 she could n't remember how many times she 'd woken up in the morning-or in the middle of the night-to the sound of matthew 's cell phone ringing . 
 how many times she 'd bid him goodbye , only to spend weeks worrying that he 'd get shot in the middle of the jungle or get blown up by a land mine . 
 not that she 'd had to worry . 
 oh no . 
 matt had been in constant danger , sure , but it turned out most of the danger came from the prostitutes and random strangers he hooked up with in whatever foreign country he 'd been deployed to . 
 question was , did garrett share the same habits ? 
 it was an unwelcome thought , not to mention a silly one . 
 raking both hands through her hair , she leaned against the wall next to the bedroom door for support , wishing she could exorcise the insecurities out of her brain , out of her heart . 
 she had no right to worry about what garrett might or might not do when he was on assignment . 
 she was n't his girlfriend or anything , and besides , seeing as she 'd had sex with one of his closest friends last night , she really was n't in a position to judge or reprimand . 
 `` i 'm a seal , shel . '' 
 garrett 's quiet voice filled the room , and when she lifted her head she saw him standing in the doorway of the bathroom , obviously aware of the distress in her eyes . 
 `` when the team gets called , we 've got no choice but to go wherever they want us . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 shoot . 
 did he notice the wobble in her voice ? 
 yep , he noticed . 
 his expression softened as he stepped toward her and pulled her into his arms . 
 his body was solid and warm against hers , his lips soft as he kissed her on the forehead . 
 `` i 'll be back before you know it . 
 and then we can continue what we started last night , okay ? '' 
 `` and will you be starting a similar , um , enterprise with someone else , you know , if you meet a woman when you 're gone ? '' 
 the words came out before she could stop them , and from the flash of hurt she saw in his eyes , she knew she should 've worked harder to rein in her fear and insecurity . 
 garrett 's hands dropped from her waist . 
 `` i ca n't believe you asked me that . '' 
 he turned away from her , heading to the bed where he 'd left his cell phone and tucking it into his pocket . 
 `` you honestly think that low of me ? '' 
 whoa . 
 when he turned back , the hurt on his face had tripled , his features now creased with both disbelief and anger . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 she tried to find the right thing to say , if there even was one . 
 `` the guy i dated before ... he used to f ** k around whenever he was away , okay ? '' 
 `` no , not okay . '' 
 a muscle twitched in his handsome jaw . 
 `` i 'm nothing like matthew-yes , i know all about matthew , your marine , and yeah , i 'd heard rumors that he could n't keep his dick in his pants . 
 but i do n't do shit like that . 
 i do n't screw around on women i happen to care about . '' 
 `` garrett ... '' the fire in his eyes made her reconsider . 
 closing her mouth , she simply sighed and waited for him to get it all out . 
 `` you think i 'd say everything i said , about wanting you , about how crazy i am about you , and then turn around and f ** k a stranger ? 
 never mind that i 'll be on the job , most likely in a remote corner of the world where the only women i 'll encounter would rather strap bombs to their chests than f ** k americans , but damn it . 
 you think i 'd do that to you ? '' 
 she drew in a long breath , suddenly feeling ridiculously foolish for comparing this man to her ex . 
 garrett might have a wild past , but she believed him when he claimed to have been celibate for the last year , and in that year , he 'd shown up at the cafe almost daily , buying lattes he did n't even like just so he could see her . 
 and last night ... god , last night he 'd actually watched her have sex with his best friend just because he wanted to let her have the fantasy , because he wanted to be with her . 
 and the way he kissed her ... it was packed with way more emotion than anything she 'd ever experienced . 
 damn it , she really was an idiot . 
 obviously garrett agreed , because he was already making a swift move for the door . 
 `` fuck this , '' he muttered . 
 `` obviously our friendship this past year has taught you nothing about me . 
 obviously everything that happened last night-and mere minutes ago-didn ' t make any impact on you either . 
 if you do n't want to trust me , fine , do n't trust me . 
 screw you , shelby . 
 i wo n't jump through hoops over something some other jerk did . '' 
 `` garrett - '' but it was too late . 
 he was already gone , and jeez , but the man could move . 
 she 'd barely made it two steps out of the bedroom after him when she heard the door of the apartment slam shut . 
 a few moments later , the distant sound of an engine starting filled her ears , and then there was nothing but the light pounding of the rain against the windows . 
 chapter six garrett had just slung his duffel over his shoulder and was heading across the base toward the waiting navy helicopter when a familiar voice stopped him in his tracks . 
 he froze for a second , then turned around and sure enough , shelby was hurrying toward him . 
 she was wearing a pair of faded jeans and a bright green t-shirt , and her wavy blonde hair was pretty much soaked from the rain . 
 he managed to hide his surprise as she walked toward him with quick strides . 
 what was she doing here ? 
 after the way he 'd left things back at her apartment , he had n't expected to see her again this soon . 
 if ever . 
 damn , he 'd really f ** ked up , blowing up at her like that , but could anyone really blame him ? 
 he 'd made it obvious how much he liked her , how badly he wanted to be with her , and in return she 'd asked him if he was going to screw someone else when he was gone . 
 her distrust in him had been crushing . 
 maybe he should n't have yelled at her the way he had , but hell , how could she have so little faith in him ? 
 `` do you have a minute ? '' 
 she asked , pushing wet strands of hair out of her eyes . 
 it was possibly the most absurd question she could 've asked . 
 not only was the sound of the helicopter blades whirring a clear sign that no , he did n't have a minute , but her polite tone made him want to kick something . 
 `` who let you out here ? '' 
 he returned without answering her . 
 his question made more sense , anyway , considering civilians were n't usually allowed in this part of the base . 
 `` i did , '' came another voice . 
 garrett glanced past shelby 's delicate shoulders and saw carson striding toward them . 
 stopping only to give shelby a quick side hug , carson slung his bag over his shoulder and headed for the helicopter , where the rest of the team was waiting . 
 `` do n't f ** k this up , '' carson called without turning around , his words swallowed by the sound of the rotors . 
 garrett glanced back at shelby , wiping drops of rain from his face . 
 `` so ... what 's up ? '' 
 wonderful . 
 another stupid question to join the mix . 
 `` i could n't let you leave without ... '' she hesitated and his brain quickly filled in the blank . 
 breaking up with you . 
 voicing my extreme dislike of you . 
 kissing you . 
 `` apologizing , '' she finished . 
 `` apologizing , '' he repeated . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 a shaky breath slipped out of her mouth . 
 `` i acted like an idiot . 
 a jealous , insecure idiot . 
 and you had every right to walk out on me the way you did . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i should 've stayed . '' 
 `` well , i should n't have asked you if you planned on sleeping with someone else when you 're gone . 
 and i definitely should n't have compared you to my ex . '' 
 `` i should n't have said ` screw you ' . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that was kind of harsh , but i think i deserved it . '' 
 her laughter faded quickly , and he could see the uncertainty floating in her gorgeous blue eyes . 
 `` can you forgive me , garrett ? '' 
 jesus , he could n't remember the last time a woman had stood before him and asked for his forgiveness . 
 usually he was the one doing the asking . 
 `` i know you 're probably still mad , '' she continued quickly , `` but i really am sorry for the stuff i said , and i really do want to be with you when you get back . 
 whenever that is . 
 i do n't care if it 's a day or a week or a month . 
 i 'll wait . 
 i promise to be here when you come home . '' 
 her words were so earnest that his heart expanded . 
 his mouth went dry , and he could n't seem to get any words out , which was n't a good thing because shelby 's face fell as she obviously took his silence as a rejection . 
 `` yeah , that was probably dumb , '' she said with a self-deprecating smile . 
 `` the i 'll wait for you part . 
 a little too jerry maguire , huh ? '' 
 her gaze drifted to the helicopter roaring behind them . 
 `` you should go . 
 i 'll just get out of your way and - '' he kissed her . 
 just kissed her , right there in front of a helicopter full of seals a few of whom started whistling . 
 `` it was n't dumb , '' he murmured into her lips . 
 `` and i 'm not mad , shel . 
 i was before , but god knows i can never stay mad at you . '' 
 a drop of rain fell directly on her freckled nose and he leaned down to kiss it away . 
 `` i 'm not going to screw around on you like your ass ** le boyfriend did , and now that i know you 'll be waiting here for me when i get back , i 'll work my ass off to make sure i come home as fast as i can , okay ? '' 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 `` it 's a guarantee . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she leaned up on her tiptoes and brushed her lips over his , then gently pushed him away . 
 `` you should go . '' 
 `` yeah , i really should . '' 
 yet he still could n't stop himself from kissing her once more . 
 this time he slipped her a little tongue . 
 `` go , '' she ordered , looking breathless and happy and so ridiculously hot he was almost tempted to face the wrath of his commander and simply not get on the chopper . 
 but she gave him another shove and repeated , `` go . '' 
 `` fine , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i 'll see you when you get back . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he 'd only taken a few steps toward the waiting helicopter when he stopped and turned to shoot her a devilish look . 
 `` hey , you know that ice thing you were doing last night ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` when you were rubbing it all over yourself and pretty much driving me crazy ? '' 
 laughing , she waited expectantly for him to continue . 
 `` well , when i come home , we 're taking out the ice again . 
 i do n't care if there 's a heat wave or not . 
 i 'm definitely rubbing a couple of ice cubes all over your very un-vanilla self , all right ? '' 
 `` is that a promise ? '' 
 she called back . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he grinned and repeated his earlier words . 
 `` it 's a guarantee . '' 
