 chapter one that , i think , was one hell of a party . 
 i am standing with my back to the pacific as i watch the efficient crew break down the lovely white tents . 
 the leftover food has already been packed away . 
 the trash has been discarded . 
 the band left hours ago , and the last of the guests have already departed . 
 even the paparazzi who had camped out on the beach hoping to snag a few choice pictures of my best friend nikki fairchild 's wedding to multi-bazillionaire and former tennis star damien stark are long gone . 
 i sigh and tell myself that this vague emptiness i 'm feeling is n't melancholy . 
 instead , it 's an aftereffect of staying up all night drinking and partying . 
 i am , of course , lying . 
 i 'm melancholy as shit , but i figure that 's normal . 
 after all , i 've just watched my best friend get married to the one man in the entire universe who is absolutely , positively perfect for her . 
 great news , and i 'm really and truly happy for her , but she found him without trolling through the entire male population of los angeles . 
 compare that to me , who 's fucked approximately eighty percent of that population and still has n't found a guy like damien , and i think it 's safe to say that nikki got the last decent man . 
 okay , maybe not the last one , i amend as i catch sight of ryan hunter coming down the walking path that winds from damien 's malibu house all the way to the beach where i 'm now standing . 
 ryan is the chief of security for stark international , and he and i have been the de facto host and hostess for this post-wedding soiree ever since the bride and groom took off in a helicopter bound for marital bliss . 
 ryan is not among the eighty-percent , and that is truly a shame . 
 the man is seriously hot , with piercing blue eyes and chestnut hair worn in a short , almost military style that accents the hard lines and angles of his face . 
 he 's tall and lean , but strong and sexy . 
 i 've seen him now in both jeans and a tux , and the curve of his ass alone is enough to make a woman drool . 
 we 've gotten to know each other over the last few months , and i consider him a friend . 
 frankly , i 'd like to consider him more , and i think he feels the same , even though he has yet to make a move . 
 i 've seen the way he watches me , the heat that flares in his eyes when he thinks i 'm not looking . 
 maybe he 's shy-but i doubt it . 
 he 's got a dangerous edge that perfectly suits his job as the head security dude for a guy like damien and an enterprise like stark international . 
 nikki once told me that there was nothing ryan liked better than chasing monsters . 
 i believe it , and as i watch him stride down the walking path , his movements a combination of grace and power , i can imagine him in battle and am certain that he would do whatever it takes to win . 
 no , i do n't believe that ryan hunter is shy . 
 all i know is that he 's never made a move on me , and that 's a damn shame . 
 and now , of course , it 's too late . 
 because i 'm heading back home to texas tomorrow as part of my newly implemented life goal of getting my shit together . 
 and , as part of the whole repair my life plan , i 've put the kibosh on sleeping around . 
 i 'm focusing on jamie archer . 
 on figuring out who she is and what she wants , and step one of the plan is to not do the nasty with every hot guy who crosses my path . 
 honestly , men are so five minutes ago . 
 so far , the plan is going pretty good . 
 i found a tenant for my studio city condo a few months ago , then went home to live with my parents in dallas . 
 it 's hard being a twenty-five-year-old actress in los angeles , especially one who has yet to land a decent gig . 
 there are too many guys who are prettier than me-and who know it . 
 and way too many opportunities for a fast fuck . 
 texas is slower . 
 easier . 
 and even though it 's hardly the acting capital of the universe , i 've already had a few auditions , and i think i may even have a decent shot for a job as an on-air reporter at a local affiliate . 
 i 'd auditioned right before flying out here for the wedding , and i 'm hoping to hear back from the programming director any day now . 
 and , yes , true , i 'd also auditioned for a commercial here in socal , but i did n't get the job . 
 i tell myself that 's a good thing because i would have taken it and stayed in los angeles , because i love los angeles and my friends are here . 
 but that would have put me right back on that hamster wheel of auditioning and fucking , and then starting the whole destructive process right over again . 
 the plan is good , i tell myself as i watch the crew finish the job . 
 the plan is wise . 
 as a dozen workmen haul the last of the tent poles to a nearby truck , the supervisor approaches me with a clipboard and a pen . 
 he takes me through the list , and i duly check off all the various items , confirming that the final details have been attended to . 
 then i sign the form , thank him , and watch as he climbs into the truck and drives away . 
 `` so that 's it , '' ryan says as he approaches me . 
 he 's still in tuxedo pants and the starched white shirt , but the cummerbund is gone , as is the jacket . 
 he really does look sexy as hell , but it 's his bare feet that have done me in . 
 there 's something so damn devil-may-care about a guy in a tux barefoot on the beach , and i ca n't help but wonder if there really is a bit of the devil in ryan hunter . 
 and if there is , will i ever get to peek at the wickedness ? 
 `` no more cars in the driveway , '' he continues , as i try to yank my thoughts back to reality . 
 `` and i just signed the invoice for the car park company . 
 i think we can safely call this thing a wrap . 
 and a success . '' 
 his smile is slow and easy and undeniably sexy . 
 `` it really was one hell of a party . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i was just thinking the same thing . '' 
 my stomach does a little twisting number , and i tell myself it 's hunger . 
 after all , champagne is n't that filling , and i 'm sure all the dancing i did during the night burned off the three slices of wedding cake i 'd devoured . 
 i 'm lying again , of course . 
 it 's not hunger that 's making my stomach flutter . 
 it 's ryan . 
 and as i stand there silently wishing he 'd just touch me already , i 'm also getting more and more irritated . 
 because why the hell has n't he touched me already ? 
 we 've spent time together . 
 we 've even danced together during various club outings with friends . 
 not touching , maybe , but close enough that the air between us was thick with promise . 
 and once , when damien had a security scare , he sent ryan to check on me . 
 i 'd been wearing a tiny bikini with a sheer cover-up , and i looked damn hot . 
 but he had n't made a move . 
 we 'd ended up talking for hours , which was great , and i even made him eggs , which is about as domesticated as i get . 
 i 'm certain i have n't been imagining that sizzle between us-and yet never once has he made a move . 
 i ca n't fathom why , and the whole situation grates on me . 
 except i 'm not supposed to care-ryan is not part of the plan . 
 he starts to walk toward the surf , and i fall in step beside him . 
 i 'd kicked off my own shoes once the workmen hauled away the dance floor because beaches and two-inch heels really do n't go well together , and the sand beneath my feet feels amazing . 
 i love strolling the beach in the morning . 
 there 's so much to look at-the seagulls that scavenge for their breakfast , the waves that pour like latte foam onto the sand , the tanned hard bodies of twenty-something surfer dudes out to catch a morning swell . 
 it 's like a little slice of heaven . 
 this morning , ryan adds value to the view . 
 his sleeves are rolled up , revealing well-muscled forearms , and when he bends down to pick up a lovely purple seashell , i find myself fascinated by his hands . 
 they 're large and strong , but as they hold the shell , i ca n't help but think that his touch would be surprisingly gentle . 
 i start to pick up my pace because , hello , mind really not supposed to be going there , but he reaches for me , holding the shell in his outstretched hand . 
 `` a souvenir , '' he says , and though his smile is casual , there 's nothing easy about the heat in his eyes . 
 his gaze is hot enough to cut right through me . 
 the hair at the back of my neck prickles , and for a moment , i 'm not certain i remember how to breathe . 
 `` i 'd hate for you to get back to texas and forget everything you 've left behind . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 my voice sounds breathy , and i take the shell , my fingers brushing his palm as i do . 
 i feel the shock of contact all the way down to my toes , and i expect him to pull me close . 
 to touch me . 
 to do some damn thing so that i 'm not just standing there feeling all hot and horny . 
 he does nothing-and the sharp prick of irritation breaks through the wall of lust . 
 i close my hand around the shell and force myself to aim an equally casual smile back at him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i 'm grateful my voice sounds normal despite the fact that i am both genuinely moved and undeniably irritated . 
 moved because it 's a lovely shell and the gesture is very sweet . 
 irritated because now i 'm getting mixed signals from a hot guy who still has n't touched me and who i have absolutely no business being interested in . 
 my libido , however , still has n't gotten the message because there 's some serious sizzle and pop going on . 
 to be honest , there 's been sizzle and pop since the first time i met ryan . 
 down girl . 
 i take a deep breath and mentally recite what has now become a mantra : plan . 
 texas . 
 new leaf . 
 new jamie . 
 i start walking again because he 's made me too antsy to just stand still . 
 `` are you flying back today ? '' 
 he asks , falling easily into step with me . 
 `` not flying . 
 driving . '' 
 i see the confusion on his face-nikki had been stuck in a meeting and had asked ryan to pick me up at the airport just over a week ago . 
 yet another encounter where i felt both sizzle and pop-but he did n't touch me once . 
 honestly , i need to stop this mental tally ; i 'm going to give myself a complex . 
 `` planning on doing a little recreational car shopping today ? '' 
 `` nikki and damien gave me a car for my birthday , '' i mumble , because i 'm still a bit embarrassed by such an extravagant gift . 
 not that it 's extravagant to a guy like damien . 
 i 'm pretty sure that to him , australia would n't be too much . 
 `` happy birthday , '' ryan says in the kind of voice that makes me think that he would make a damn good present . 
 especially with a big red bow in just the right place . 
 i clear my throat , banishing the thought . 
 `` right . 
 yeah , well , it 's not really my birthday . 
 they were planning on just giving it to me because , you know , my corolla has seen better days . 
 and i said i could n't accept it , and nikki said ... '' i trail off , shrugging . 
 `` she 's a good friend . '' 
 he 's walking in the surf now , the waves breaking around his feet . 
 `` cold . '' 
 i say , nodding toward his feet . 
 `` a little . '' 
 he tilts his head up , his gaze taking me in before he finally meets my eyes . 
 `` but i 'm willing to put up with all sorts of things if it gets me something i want . '' 
 wow . 
 `` right . '' 
 i swallow , then curl my hands into fists so that i do n't lean in , grab his collar , and kiss him . 
 `` um . 
 so . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 `` to walk on the beach with you , of course . '' 
 and there it is . 
 that pow , that snap . 
 he takes my hand , the gesture light and casual . 
 seemingly friendly , but really it 's so much more . 
 he 's intense , i think . 
 strong . 
 silent . 
 steady . 
 the kind of guy who knows what he wants and goes after it methodically and relentlessly . 
 is he going after me ? 
 i shiver a little as i slide into a nice little from here to eternity fantasy . 
 not that i 've ever actually watched the movie , but i 've seen that famous sex in the surf scene , and i 'm more than happy to let my imagination fill in the blanks . 
 `` you 're not driving back to texas today , are you ? '' 
 he is watching me closely , his eyes as deep and intense as the pacific behind us . 
 `` you were up all night . 
 you should n't risk it . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i say , imagining the surf crashing over me and ryan 's body hot above me . 
 `` i 'm staying the night and heading out first thing tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'm very glad to hear it . '' 
 his voice is as smooth as whiskey , and i wonder if i 'm getting a little bit drunk on it . 
 `` i 'd worry about you . '' 
 i stand there , feeling nine kinds of itchy , and wait for him to make a move . 
 but the move does n't come . 
 i tell myself that 's a good thing . 
 then i tell myself i 'm a goddamn liar . 
 then i remind myself about the plan . 
 but you know what ? 
 screw the plan . 
 the plan is for texas , after all . 
 i mean , i 've pretty much already established that when in california , jamie archer is a hot mess . 
 so why not be a mess one last time with this incredibly sexy guy who is making me tingle ? 
 except that does n't seem to be an option . 
 because ryan is n't making a move . 
 i consider making a pass myself . 
 after all , i 've never once been shy about going after a guy i wanted in my bed . 
 with ryan , though , i ca n't seem to take that first step , and it 's weird . 
 i 'm feeling shy and awkward , and i am never shy or awkward . 
 maybe it 's the lingering effect of the plan . 
 residual guilt . 
 pre-justification . 
 my subconscious telling me that if he pursues me , then a california fuck is okay . 
 but me going after him is totally against the rules . 
 all of which is a load of twisted and convoluted bullshit , but i never said my subconscious was a linear thinker . 
 just go for it . 
 holy crap , this should n't be that difficult . 
 i mean , honestly . 
 when i decided to bang kevin in 2h , i cornered him in the laundry room , put my hand on his crotch , and asked him if he wanted to fuck . 
 so why the hell am i all sixth-grade girl with a crush where ryan hunter is concerned ? 
 right . 
 okay . 
 diving in now ... i clear my throat . 
 `` so here 's the thing , '' i say , and i do n't get any further . 
 maybe , i think , he 'll pick up the thread . 
 he does n't . 
 he just looks at me , all innocent interest and calm curiosity . 
 his expression is bland , and yet i have the distinct impression that he 's amused . 
 `` it 's just that i ca n't figure you out , '' i blurt . 
 `` ca n't you ? '' 
 `` we 've had some good times , right ? 
 and i 've seen you look at me . '' 
 i lick my lips , hating how nervous i feel . 
 `` and i know i 've looked at you . 
 so what 's the deal ? '' 
 `` the deal ? '' 
 i tilt my head a little and give him my best seductive smile . 
 `` you 've never made a pass at me , '' i say in the kind of voice that makes clear i would be very receptive to one right now . 
 `` no , '' he says , `` i have n't . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i mentally backpedal . 
 that was n't the response i was expecting . 
 `` okay . 
 so , why not ? 
 you 're just not interested ? '' 
 `` on the contrary . 
 maybe i assumed you were n't interested . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` i 've had my eye on you for a while , ms. archer . 
 and as far as i 've seen , you 're not the least bit shy about making a move on a man you want . '' 
 i hear the raw heat in his voice , but i ca n't tell if he is serious or if he 's playing me . 
 all i know is that the more he looks at me with those fathomless blue eyes and the more he speaks to me in that musically sexy voice , the more i melt , until i fear that i 'll dissolve right there and be washed away when the tide comes in . 
 `` oh , '' i say stupidly . 
 dear god i want him to touch me . 
 i 've slept with a lot of guys , but right now , i do n't think i 've ever been more desperate for a man 's touch . 
 i think about the plan . 
 i think about my loophole . 
 i think about the fact that the loophole calls for him to make a move on me . 
 and then i think , what the hell . 
 just go for it . 
 `` all right , '' i say as i quash those damn nerves , then fist my hand in his shirt and move in close . 
 he smells like musk and desire and i breathe deep , letting the scent of him fill me , warm me . 
 we 're not even inches apart , and the air between us seems to shimmer , thick with passion . 
 i press my other hand to his thigh and stroke slowly up , up , up , until i brush against the hard length of his erection . 
 my thighs quiver , and my sex tightens with need . 
 i 'm aware of every inch of my body , as if i 'm a live wire , sparking and popping . 
 we 're well-matched in height , and i only have to rise up a little on my toes in order to claim his mouth with mine . 
 i close my hand over the steel of his cock and feel it twitch under my touch . 
 i hear his moan , and it only makes me wetter . 
 his hands twine in my hair , pulling me closer as he deepens the kiss , fucking me with his mouth , going deep , making me wet , so incredibly wet , so that all i want is to slide my hand into his trousers and free him , then fall onto the sand , yank my dress up , and scream as he fucks me harder than i 've ever been fucked in my life . 
 i am gasping when he breaks the kiss . 
 i 'm alive with need , my breasts aching for his touch , my cunt throbbing with demand . 
 i 'm wild , desperate , and when i see the matching wildness in his eyes , i know that this is going to be one hell of an amazing morning . 
 `` all right , '' i say again , my voice breathless and heavy with longing . 
 `` that was me , making a move . '' 
 `` and this , '' he says gently as he takes a single step away from me , `` is me , saying no . '' 
 chapter two `` no , '' i say into the phone . 
 `` the bastard actually said no . '' 
 i 'm in the guest suite that has become my temporary home . 
 i have my headphones in , and am spread out on the bed , idly petting lady meow meow as i stare out through the french doors toward the pristine beach upon which i was so soundly spurned . 
 `` i mean , can you believe it ? 
 he turned me down flat . '' 
 from somewhere in mexico , nikki 's voice filters over the line . 
 `` actually , i ca n't believe it . 
 i 've seen the way he looks at you , and there is some serious lust happening . 
 but , james , what the hell were you doing coming on to him in the first place ? 
 i thought you were doing a moratorium on sex . '' 
 since i really do n't want to get in to my convoluted logic with my best friend , i fall back on reason and rationality . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 i ca n't believe i dumped all that on you . 
 and what the hell are you doing calling me anyway ? 
 are n't you supposed to be banging damien 's brains out ? '' 
 `` did that , '' she says with the kind of sigh that makes me jealous . 
 `` and i expect a repeat performance very soon . 
 but right now he 's on the phone , too . 
 we 're flying to paris tonight and he 's checking in with the pilot . 
 and since i did n't have the chance to tell you good-bye before the honeymoon , i wanted to call . 
 i love you , you know . 
 and i 'm so glad you were my maid of honor . 
 also , damien wanted me to remind you that the gas gauge on the ferrari is n't working . 
 he 's going to e-mail you where to take it when you get to dallas , but in the meantime , pay attention to the odometer and get gas when you 've burned about half a tank , okay ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 he already told me at least a dozen times . '' 
 the car that damien and nikki gave me is the same sleek , sexy ferrari that i accidentally totaled in san bernardino . 
 at least , i 'd thought i 'd totaled it . 
 apparently damien called in the best car surgeons in the world and got her up and running again . 
 and then-to my shock and amazement-he and nikki gave the ferrari to me . 
 `` i still ca n't believe that you guys - '' `` will you shut up about it , already ? 
 you love the car . 
 we love you . 
 end of story . '' 
 `` right . 
 thanks . '' 
 i can practically hear nikki rolling her eyes , and the thought makes me grin . 
 `` right , '' i say again , then clear my throat . 
 `` so what should i do about ryan ? '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` hell , james , i wish i knew what to tell you . 
 i like ryan-i like him a lot , actually . 
 and if you were n't - '' she cuts herself off . 
 `` you know what ? 
 never mind . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' i say . 
 `` you are so not getting away with that . 
 whatever you were going to say , just say it . 
 i already know i 'm a head case , so it 's not like you 'll be telling me something i do n't already know . '' 
 `` jamie . '' 
 her voice is soft and a little sad . 
 `` i just worry about you , that 's all . '' 
 i shift my position on the bed , feeling vaguely uncomfortable . 
 `` i know you do , '' i say as the cat gets up , yawns , and then pads out of the room , apparently uninterested in my drama . 
 `` just like i worry about you . 
 but you 've got damien for that now . '' 
 `` does n't mean i do n't need my best friend , '' she says , and i must be more fragile than i thought because a tear escapes and trickles down my cheek . 
 `` listen , '' she says gently . 
 `` we both know what a mess i am , but i 'm not the only one with scars , and i worry about you . 
 i like ryan , '' she says again . 
 `` but i do n't want you getting hurt . 
 for that matter , i do n't want you hurting him . '' 
 `` not a problem on either count , '' i say . 
 `` in case you missed the major talking point of this conversation , he blew me off . '' 
 `` just do n't push it , okay . 
 go home . 
 get your head on straight . 
 do n't - '' `` do n't what ? '' 
 `` do n't go after him like sex is a weapon or something . 
 promise me . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' i say . 
 `` it 's not . '' 
 i 'm not lying-i 've never used sex as a weapon , not really . 
 instead , i 've used it as a shield . 
 keep the control , keep the guys on a leash . 
 keep it fun , keep it play . 
 never serious . 
 never deep . 
 because if you do n't let them past the barrier , they ca n't break your heart . 
 `` i love you , '' nikki says , and in those three little words , i hear perfect understanding . 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 `` and i swear i 'm not going to do anything except go home to dallas . 
 so i do n't need the lecture or the reminder or whatever you want to call it . 
 really . 
 now go be married or something . '' 
 `` that , '' she says , `` is a great idea . '' 
 i laugh , then give her a quick rundown on what happened on the beach after she and damien left , and she promises to text me from paris so i 'll know they arrived safe and sound . 
 i tell her not to bother . 
 i 've already seen their wedding photos on twitter . 
 i 'm sure the paparazzi in paris will be tweeting , too . 
 and then the call is over and i 'm left lying on the bed looking out at that damn beach and wondering why the hell ryan walked way . 
 yes , i am just that pathetic . 
 i sit up , annoyed with myself . 
 it 's over . 
 it 's done . 
 ryan 's long gone-i 'd stood on the beach and watched as he walked back to the house . 
 i had n't wanted to follow . 
 call it embarrassment or pride , but i hung out for at least an hour before i finally dragged my ass back to the house , every step requiring a major effort . 
 funny , despite working so hard yesterday to pull the party together-and then dancing and partying and drinking through the night-i had n't felt tired before . 
 certainly not when ryan had showed up and walked me down the beach , or when he 'd leaned in close , or when he 'd set my body to tingle . 
 on the contrary , just being near him was like sucking down an energy drink , leaving me breathless and recharged and just a little edgy . 
 or it had felt that way until he 'd gone . 
 now i want to crash . 
 i 'm bone tired and lost and , although i was so glad to have heard from nikki , i 'm now feeling more than a little melancholy . 
 and very much alone . 
 when i 'd first returned to the house , i 'd thought i would see him . 
 but the house was empty and silent , and though i checked the front drive , there was no sign of a car , and i 'd gone back inside and stomped my way to my guest suite feeling both relieved and annoyed . 
 relieved , because i apparently made a fool of myself earlier . 
 annoyed because as far as the wedding went , ryan and i had the joint responsibility of dealing with the reception and the house guests . 
 we 'd been working closely for almost forty-eight hours now , and at the very least he should have checked with me before leaving to make sure there was n't anything still to do . 
 there is n't . 
 but he should have checked . 
 i tell myself i do n't care , and i 'm just feeling touchy because i 'm exhausted . 
 i need a nap . 
 some randr . 
 i 'll lay out by the pool , then take a swim . 
 maybe this afternoon i 'll go into town and prowl the little shops . 
 i should take something fun back to my parents-maybe a painting for the entryway or something cute for the kitchen . 
 then i 'll grab some takeout and crash for the night . 
 i 'll get a good night 's sleep , get in the car , and get my ass back to texas . 
 away from california , temptation , and ryan fucking hunter . 
 it 's a good plan , and i go to change into my bathing suit and find something to read . 
 i recently started to reread rebecca , but right now i 'm not in the mood . 
 instead i grab a copy of cosmopolitan . 
 i smile wryly . 
 maybe this month 's article on how to make a man feel awesome in bed will come in handy if i ever see ryan again . 
 as with everything in this house that damien built , the backyard pool area is a little slice of heaven . 
 the pool itself is huge , falling off to an infinity edge that gives the illusion that it extends into the pacific . 
 there 's a hot tub , of course , as well as a waterfall and a swim-up bar . 
 the water is warm-and it feels nice to walk in until it hits my shoulders . 
 then i close my eyes and sink under , losing myself to the eerie quiet of this empty pool . 
 i 'm not in the mood to swim , though , and so i emerge , then lightly towel off . 
 i like the sensation of being damp , of lying back and feeling the breeze brushing over my moist skin . 
 the lounge chair is padded , with a nice cup holder built right in . 
 and since i 'm planning on napping anyway , i detour to the small refrigerator and take out a wine cooler . 
 i pick a chair under the pergola so that i 'm at least a little bit out of the sun . 
 and then , finally , i settle down to read and relax . 
 i make it only a few pages into the magazine before my eyes start to droop . 
 i drop the magazine to the tiled decking , then close my eyes . 
 just a short nap , i think , as sleep beckons and i 'm pulled down , down , down into my dreams . 
 he is there . 
 ryan . 
 i am standing in a wide green field , and though i can not see him clearly , i know that he is the man in the distance . 
 hunter , i think . 
 and i am his prey . 
 he stalks toward me , jeans slung low on his hips . 
 he wears no shirt , and the sun beats down on broad shoulders and a lean , sculptured chest . 
 i move toward him , drawn to him by some unassailable compulsion . 
 and then he is there , and we are no longer in a field but on a beach . 
 i am in his arms and there is an orchestra , and nikki is there with damien , applauding as ryan spins me around and around and around until i am so dizzy i need to lie down . 
 then i am on the ground , and the waves crash over me . 
 the tent is gone , the orchestra vanished . 
 there is only the sound of the ocean crashing upon the beach . 
 there is only the feel of the water sluicing over me . 
 it is not cold-instead it is warm , so warm . 
 and i stretch , feeling soft and languid and needful-i want his hands , his touch . 
 and then , in the way of dreams , he is there , his hard body over me , his mouth trailing up my calf , my thigh . 
 i shiver , realizing that i am naked , but there is no shyness . 
 i spread my legs for him and arch back as his mouth closes over my cunt . 
 he kisses me there , so deeply intimate that shocks of pleasure ricochet through me . 
 his tongue plays me , laving me , then teasing my clit , bringing me so very , very close before he torments me even more by trailing those kisses up my abdomen . 
 his hands massage my breasts roughly , his fingers pinching my nipples , sending live wires of electricity all the way down to my sex . 
 my cunt clenches , desperate with the need to have him inside me , and i moan in an incoherent demand for more . 
 then his mouth closes over mine , silencing me , and i taste him-taste me . 
 i feel his erection hard beneath my legs , the steel length of him rubbing provocatively against my sex . 
 i moan against his mouth , and he gently pulls away . 
 the shock of the break tugs me toward wakefulness . 
 `` do you want me inside you ? '' 
 he whispers , his voice still filling my dreams . 
 `` do you want me to fuck you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i murmur , even as sleep abandons me . 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 i am awake now but somehow still trapped in the dream . 
 my cunt is slick with need , and the way the sun beats down on me makes me feel loose and sensual . 
 slowly , as if in a dream , i skim one hand down my body . 
 i am wearing a tiny bikini , and as i brush my fingers over my breast , i gasp from the contact with my too-sensitive nipples . 
 then i continue south , my palm flat on my stomach , my muscles quivering , as i move so painfully slowly down my belly . 
 he is still in my head . 
 hunter , i think . 
 i like it . 
 it seems wild . 
 hot . 
 hunter would n't have walked away . 
 hunter would have thrown me back on the beach and fucked me right there , and not cared in the slightest if anyone walked by . 
 the thought makes me a little crazy , and i squeeze my legs together even as i wiggle my hips . 
 the motion takes some of the edge off , but not enough . 
 i need more . 
 i need ryan , the fantasy . 
 i raise one hand to my chest and slide my fingers under the bikini top and over the swell of my breast until i brush against my nipple . 
 the sensation is delicious , and i arch a bit under my own touch . 
 my breasts feel heavy , my nipples straining against the thin triangles of material that form the top . 
 i stroke my nipple , teasing it even as my first hand sinks lower and lower , until those fingers sneak in beneath the elastic band at the top of the bikini bottoms . 
 then i slide them further still , until i find my own slick heat . 
 i gasp , arching up at the sweet jolt that shoots through me when i lightly stroke my clit . 
 i 'm desperately wet , frantically wanting . 
 but it 's not just release that i want , it 's the man . 
 there 's no denying it-i want ryan hunter . 
 and if i ca n't have the man himself , i 'm going to have him in my imagination . 
 i move my finger in small , teasing circles , letting the pleasure build , arching up to bring it tighter , hotter . 
 i bite my lower lip and squeeze my eyes shut as i slide two fingers into my sex , then arch up as my body clenches tight with unfulfilled need . 
 i quiver , arching , moving , trying desperately to reach satisfaction . 
 i tug the bikini top down , freeing my breasts , and gasp at the sensation of warm sun upon my nipples . 
 i take one between two fingers and pinch , crying out as heat shoots all the way down to my overly sensitive clit . 
 i withdraw my hand and stroke an ever-quickening circle on my sensitive sex , but it 's not enough . 
 i want to be claimed , taken . 
 i want to feel his cock inside me , not just his hands upon me . 
 and i abandon my aching and heavy breasts to slide that hand down , lower and lower until i am gasping with the pleasure of having two fingers stroke my clit while i fuck myself with my other hand . 
 no . 
 not myself . 
 hunter . 
 `` yes , '' i murmur , not even certain if i 'm speaking aloud . 
 `` oh , god , yes . '' 
 in my mind , i can see him above me , his eyes searching mine . 
 i can hear his voice , telling me to come for him , to explode with him . 
 it is his cock in me , thrusting deeper and harder , taking me . 
 claiming me . 
 owning me . 
 `` hunter , '' i cry as my eyes flutter open while his fingers-my fingers-thrust even deeper inside me . 
 and there he is . 
 i go tense , frozen , as ryan hunter stands there watching me-with a heat in his eyes so intense it is a wonder i do n't get burned . 
 chapter three i start to yank my hand away and am rendered frozen by his sharp , firm , `` no . '' 
 my heart is beating . 
 my skin is flushed . 
 i 'm embarrassed and turned on and confused . 
 `` ryan , '' i say . 
 `` i-what are you - '' i start to shift . 
 i need to move . 
 hell , i need to run . 
 `` no , '' he says more softly this time , but the word is equally firm , and the force of it holds me in place . 
 `` do n't stop . 
 come for me , jamie . 
 i want to watch you explode for me . '' 
 i am tempted to tell him to go to hell . 
 to wrap a towel around myself and run inside . 
 i 'm tempted to do that-but only because i think that is what i should do . 
 but i 've never been a girl who pays attention to should . 
 i 'm all about want . 
 and what i want is to finish this . 
 what i want is to make him hard , to drive him crazy . 
 and i know that he is close . 
 i can see the evidence even from this distance . 
 the bulge in his jeans . 
 the tightness in his jaw . 
 the way his hand is closed tight around the decorative finial on the gate by which he stands . 
 he is as turned on as i am , and that knowledge makes me bold . 
 he 'd driven me a little crazy when he 'd left me on the beach . 
 and now , i think , as i run my teeth over my lower lip and slide my finger over my swollen clit-now it 's my turn to drive him wild . 
 and that 's a game i 've been playing for years . 
 i do n't speak . 
 instead , i keep my eyes on him as i slide my hand further down . 
 i 'm wet and slick , and the tension i see on his face only excites me more . 
 i thrust my fingers inside , my hips bucking as i finger fuck myself with him watching , him wanting . 
 i slide my fingers in and out , teasing myself by rubbing lightly over my clit . 
 i keep up the motion , my eyes on ryan , my mouth open and my breath coming hard . 
 i draw my other hand up to fondle my breast , and as i do , i hear him suck in air . 
 the sound only turns me on more , and i start to close my eyes as the tension inside me builds , higher and higher . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` i want to see your eyes . 
 i want to look at you when you come . '' 
 i open my eyes and our gazes lock . 
 he is heat . 
 he is power . 
 he is everything i want , and i am starting to wonder if i will be able to survive this . 
 if i will be able to withstand the force of the explosion that is building inside me . 
 `` that 's it , '' he says . 
 `` you 're close . 
 christ , jamie , do you have any idea how hard i am ? 
 how much i want to be inside you ? '' 
 i thrust my fingers into my cunt and slide my other hand down , my hips bucking violently . 
 i am wild . 
 i am shameless , and my eyes never leave his . 
 not as the tension starts to build . 
 not as the sparks start to gather . 
 not as the electricity surges through me , building and building until there is nowhere left to go , and i cry out because there is no way i could keep that much passion inside . 
 i hold his gaze as my body shudders , as the tremors calm and i return to earth . 
 i watch his eyes and think that for the first time , someone has seen into the heart of me . 
 i lie there , my breathing shallow , as ryan strides toward me , all power and purpose . 
 his expression is hard , his eyes blazing . 
 my lips are parted , and i arch my back without thinking , bringing my body that much closer to him in a silent plea for his touch . 
 he does n't reach for me , though . 
 instead , he stops beside the chaise and looks down at me . 
 his gaze moves slowly over me with such sweet deliberation that i tremble , my body quivering as if in reaction to his touch . 
 `` tell me , '' he says . 
 `` tell me who you were thinking of . '' 
 `` no one , '' i say though i know he will see through the lie . 
 `` do n't lie to me , kitten . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` i had you wrong , '' i tease . 
 `` i thought you were a nice guy . 
 i made you eggs one morning , remember ? 
 i never thought that the nice guy i shared breakfast with would have - '' `` would have what ? '' 
 `` would have watched me finger fuck myself , '' i finish boldly . 
 `` watch ? '' 
 he repeats as he lowers himself to sit on the edge of my chaise . 
 his hip brushes the bare skin of my waist , making me hyperaware of his proximity . 
 `` i did more than watch , sweetheart . '' 
 he lifts my hand , then strokes it slowly , making me even more crazy in the process . 
 `` i imagined that these fingers were mine . 
 that it was me stroking your skin , sliding under your suit . '' 
 he moves my hand to my belly as he speaks , then he places his own hand flat on the back of mine before easing our joined hands down . 
 `` do you have any idea how hard i got imagining how slick you were , how tight your cunt was ? '' 
 he guides two of my fingers inside me , and i gasp in pleasure and surprise as he pushes them deeper and deeper . 
 `` please , '' i beg , but i do n't even know what i am asking for . 
 i am a wild mess of feelings , hot and out of control . 
 i want to come . 
 i want to explode . 
 i want his hands all over me . 
 `` that 's it , '' he says as i thrust my hips shamelessly , wanting more . 
 wanting everything . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 you like that , do n't you , kitten ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i whisper . 
 `` god yes . '' 
 and yet i do n't know this woman-this girl who melts at a man 's voice , who submits to his whims . 
 the jamie i know keeps control by keeping a tight grip on a man 's cock and leading him around with it like a leash . 
 but this jamie-oh , dear god , right then all this jamie wants to do is surrender to pleasure . 
 he is only tormenting me , though , a sad fact i realize when he withdraws my fingers , then tugs our joined hands free . 
 then he raises my hand to his lips , and i begin to melt again as he draws my finger in , sucking and licking with such deliberate intensity that i can feel the tug of pressure all the way down to my clit . 
 `` am i a nice guy ? '' 
 he asks as he releases my hand . 
 `` i do n't know , jamie . 
 i guess that 's up to you . 
 if you need a nice guy , i 'll be a nice guy . 
 but i do n't think that 's what you need right now . '' 
 i try to speak , but ca n't seem to manage . 
 i swallow , then try again . 
 `` what do i need ? '' 
 but he says nothing . 
 he just smiles . 
 and , honestly , he 's turned me into such a confused and emotional mess that i 'm not sure if i want to kiss him or slap him . 
 i do n't like being confused , and my discomfort makes me bold . 
 i prop myself up on my elbows . 
 `` what the hell kind of a game are you playing ? '' 
 `` who says i 'm playing a game ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he cocks his head . 
 `` all right . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i seem to recall you saying no to me on the beach . 
 and yet here you are . '' 
 `` yes , '' he says . 
 `` here i am . '' 
 `` ryan . '' 
 he shakes his head , then strokes a finger along the line of my jaw . 
 it 's a familiar , almost sweet gesture , and it unnerves me . 
 `` you called me hunter before you knew i was watching . 
 i liked it . '' 
 `` ryan , '' i say again firmly . 
 `` what 's your fucking game ? '' 
 he looks at me for so long i start to wonder if i should just call it a wrap and go inside . 
 `` do you know why i said no ? '' 
 he finally says . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` because i 've watched you , jamie . 
 watched and wanted . 
 i want to kiss you , to touch you . 
 i want to fuck you , jamie , but i want so much more than that , too . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , mesmerized by his words . 
 `` everything , '' he says simply . 
 `` i want to tie you up and fuck you until you beg for mercy . 
 i want to use my palm to redden that ass-because we both know how naughty you 've been . 
 i want to make you come so fast and so hard that you scream , and then do it all over again . '' 
 i lick my lips , my body already tingling in anticipation . 
 `` in other words , '' he continues , `` i want you at my mercy , kitten . 
 and i intend to make you purr . '' 
 `` kitten ? '' 
 i repeat . 
 `` are you trying to tame me ? '' 
 `` on the contrary . 
 i like you wild . 
 but i wo n't have you walk , '' he says firmly . 
 `` i wo n't be one of the men you toss aside . '' 
 he looks at me , and his expression is hard . 
 this is the man who runs security for a multi-billion dollar corporation ; this is a man who gets what he wants . 
 `` so you tell me , jamie , '' he says . 
 `` do you want me to fuck you ? 
 or should i walk away right now ? '' 
 chapter four every ounce of self-preservation tells me to play it coy . 
 to insist that i do n't do ultimatums . 
 to tell him that i know damn well he wants me as much as i want him . 
 in other words , to take back the power . 
 i do n't . 
 i ca n't take the risk that he will call my bluff . 
 that he 'll walk away . 
 because , damn me , i want the man . 
 i know all the reasons that i should tell him no-but i also know that i wo n't . 
 because right here , right now , i want this man inside me more than i have ever wanted any man . 
 hell , more than i 've ever wanted anything . 
 `` jamie , '' he says . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i whisper . 
 `` yes , what ? '' 
 slowly , i stand . 
 then i tilt my head so that i can look at him more directly . 
 `` yes , everything , '' i say . 
 `` you want me at your mercy ? 
 i 'm already there . '' 
 pure desire cuts across his face , and i press my hand against his chest , then slide it down over his slick , hard chest . 
 `` fuck me , ryan hunter . 
 i want you to fuck me right now . '' 
 `` well , '' he says as he reaches behind me to unhook the back of my bikini top , `` i do like the sound of that . '' 
 the top hangs loose , and as he steps closer-as he reaches behind me to slowly lift my shoulder-length hair and then tug the bow at my neck free-i try to breathe , but seem to have forgotten how . 
 the top falls off my body , and i tilt my gaze down to see it land at my feet . 
 i look back up to meet ryan 's eyes . 
 they are blue flames and seem ready to burn . 
 `` the bottoms , '' he says in a voice so tight with want that it does not sound like him . 
 `` take them off . '' 
 i swallow , then slowly ease my hands down my hips , hooking my fingers under the material , then shimmying out of the tiny bottoms . 
 i let them fall to my ankles , then step out . 
 i 'm breathing hard , hyperaware of every tiny hair on my body . 
 of every small bead of sweat at the back of my neck . 
 my nipples are hard and my areolae puckered . 
 i am wet , and because i am waxed , i know that he can see how hot and swollen and ready i am . 
 he lowers his eyes to my feet , then traces his gaze slowly up my body . 
 i try to stand still , but it is as if his inspection is a caress , and when he lingers at my sex-when he releases a low groan full of pleasure and need-it is all i can do not to slide my hand between my legs and try to release some of this building pressure . 
 his gaze continues up , lingering over my breasts before settling on my face . 
 `` you are stunning , '' he says . 
 `` i like seeing you aroused . 
 it makes the fire in you burn hotter . '' 
 `` you do that , '' i say . 
 `` i like that , too , '' he retorts . 
 i lick my lips , waiting for him to tell me what to do , but he says nothing . 
 i try to withstand the silence , but it is impossible . 
 `` please , '' i say . 
 `` please what ? '' 
 `` please touch me . '' 
 he cocks his head as if considering the idea , then nods once . 
 `` lay down on the chaise , '' he says , and when i go there , he shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 face down . 
 and keep your legs apart , '' he orders . 
 `` i want to see how wet you are . 
 how much you want me . '' 
 `` very much , '' i admit as i move to comply . 
 i have laid out naked many times before , even here at this house when it was only me and nikki looking to work on our tans . 
 but i never thought of it as sexual . 
 it was just me . 
 just skin . 
 now , even the sensation of the sun on my lower back is erotic , and when ryan steps to my side and then traces a finger lightly from my heel , up my calf and thigh , then over the curve of my ass and all the way to my shoulder , i fear that i just may die from the pleasure . 
 `` wait here . 
 do n't move . '' 
 i do as he says , though i cheat a little by spreading my legs more . 
 i want him to see me-i want him to want me . 
 and more than that , i want the sensation of the sun between my legs . 
 heat upon heat , fire added to fire . 
 he comes back quickly and without explanation , but when he sits beside me , i see that he has brought suntan oil . 
 he squirts some onto my back , making me twitch from the sudden , ticklish sensation . 
 but that is quickly quelled when his hands begin to stroke me , long , slow movements that heat my skin and fill the air with the scent of coconut and vanilla . 
 he pampers every inch of me , working on my hands-stroking and pulling each finger in a manner so erotic that every caress is reflected in my sex , which throbs and wants more and more as each moment passes . 
 he strokes my shoulders in deep , soothing motions , then moves down to knead my waist , my hips , and even my ass . 
 he does n't slip further down , though-doesn ' t touch me where i am so desperate to be touched . 
 instead he moves lower still , making my thighs slick , then focusing on my calves , my heels , the arch of my foot . 
 my breathing is fast , shallow . 
 i squirm , silently begging him to slide his slick , oiled hand between my legs . 
 but he is deliberate in his torment and does not take the hint . 
 instead , he bends low , brushing his lips against my ear and softly telling me to turn over . 
 i do , then force myself not to arch up in pleasure and longing as he gently but firmly rubs the oil over my breasts , then down my abdomen to stroke lazily over my pubis . 
 `` i like that you 're waxed , '' he says . 
 `` i like seeing your skin . 
 seeing you flush . 
 seeing how aroused and swollen you are . 
 i bet you feel slick on my tongue . 
 and now , '' he adds as he slides his oil-slick hand between my legs , `` i bet you taste like coconut . '' 
 `` why do n't you find out ? '' 
 i ask , my words little more than breaths . 
 `` maybe i will , '' he says , then moves to the end of the chaise , roughly thrusts my legs apart , and buries his mouth between my legs , his tongue thrusting deep inside me . 
 the shift from slow and lazy to hard and wild is so unexpected that i arch up in surprise , lost in the swell of pleasure that is growing deeper and wilder within me . 
 `` yes , '' i murmur , squirming against him , wanting him deeper in me , sucking me off , taking me all the way . 
 `` yes , hunter , oh , damn , yes . '' 
 but then , just as i am about to explode , he draws away , leaving a soft trail of kisses descending down my inner thigh . 
 `` no , '' i protest . 
 `` please do n't stop . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to stop , kitten . 
 i intend to have you every way i can , and then some . 
 sit up now , '' he orders , and when i comply , he peels off his clothes . 
 i watch , mesmerized as he steps out of the briefs that are straining to hold in his erection . 
 he is long and thick and perfect , and i lick my lips out of reflex . 
 he notices and raises a brow . 
 `` interesting , '' he says . 
 `` do you want to suck my cock . '' 
 my own sex clenches with desire at those bold , simple words . 
 `` yes , '' i say , imagining the feel of him , the taste of him . 
 imagining even more the way his body would tighten and tremble , done in by my power to take him to the edge . 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 `` but i have other plans at the moment . '' 
 he sits on the edge of the chaise . 
 `` come here . 
 now turn around , '' he says when i arrive facing him . 
 i turn , and in my peripheral vision , i see him reach down and grab a condom packet . 
 he rolls it on , then takes my hips and eases me backward . 
 `` knees on the chaise , '' he says . 
 `` kneel over me . '' 
 i glance backward , then do as he says . 
 it 's awkward getting on the chaise , then straddling him . 
 but his hands are firm at my hips , and once i 'm over him , i feel the head of his cock thrusting against me , and i wriggle , wanting him inside me . 
 `` go ahead , '' ryan says . 
 `` take me . 
 take all of me . '' 
 i reach between us and guide his cock into me , then i lower myself . 
 he feels incredible , and i rise and fall , levering with my knees , up and down on his shaft . 
 he is thick inside me , and the pleasure of this position is only enhanced when he lets go of one hip and slides his hand around to play with my clit . 
 tremors run though my body , and i rock faster and faster . 
 my hands go to my breasts , and then , when he takes his hand away from my clit , i cry out in protest , because i so desperately want to come with him . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 touch yourself , '' he says , and as he speaks , i feel his finger stroke me from behind , teasing my ass even as my finger plays with my clit and his cock fills me . 
 i am overwhelmed . 
 i am nothing but pleasure and sensation and raw , wild need . 
 `` hunter , '' i cry , as i piston faster against him , as the pressure builds inside me , as i feel him tremble deep , deep within . 
 `` hunter . '' 
 i scream his name , and as i do , the world explodes around us and he empties himself inside me . 
 i collapse back against him , and he pulls me tight , his hands cupping my breasts , stroking and soothing . 
 `` that 's it , kitten . 
 god , yes , that was perfect . '' 
 we sit that way for a moment , and then he slowly lowers us both , our bodies still connected , to the chaise . 
 i am breathing hard , feeling decadent and satisfied and wanton . 
 he is gently kissing my back , my shoulders , and i think that for this moment , i have found heaven . 
 `` i 'm not done with you yet , '' he murmurs , just as i am about to drift off to sleep . 
 instantly , i am awake again . 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` oh , no , '' he says . 
 `` i have plans for you . 
 for that cunt . 
 for that mouth . '' 
 he pulls out , semi-soft now , and rolls over to face me . 
 `` but only if you want more . 
 i could have you all day and all night , so if you want to stop , you need to be the one to tell me . '' 
 `` no , '' i whisper . 
 `` do n't stop . 
 please . 
 do n't ever stop . '' 
 `` you 're staying in the guest suite ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` go there . 
 wait for me . '' 
 i do , padding barefoot and naked to the room that is my home whenever i stay in this house . 
 i have never been uncomfortable in this room , but i am now . 
 i do n't know where to sit or what to do . 
 i do n't know how he wants me . 
 i only know that i want to please him because i do not want this to end . 
 i feel wilder than i have ever felt with any man , and i want to go further with him than i have with any man . 
 that makes me vulnerable , and that 's not something that i 'm used to . 
 with hunter , though , i like it . 
 finally , i lay on the bed . 
 i want him to see how much i need him . 
 how turned on i am . 
 i spread my legs and slide my hand over my sex . 
 then i close my eyes and imagine it is him . 
 `` now that is a pretty picture , '' he says when he enters the room only minutes later . 
 he is still naked , but now he has a length of cord coiled around his shoulder . 
 in his hand , he holds a single glass of wine . 
 i try not to look at the cord-try not to think about how he said he would tie me up . 
 not because it scares me but because it excites me . 
 he takes a sip , then offers the glass to me . 
 i drink , too , the act of sharing the wine wonderfully intimate . 
 i draw a breath , and my eyes slide toward the cord . 
 despite everything i 've done-and i 've done a lot-i 've never actually had a guy tie me down before . 
 nikki would say it 's because i 'm usually the one going after them-getting my kicks and blowing off steam-and that means that i need to be in control . 
 honestly , she 'd probably be right . 
 with ryan , though ... well , with ryan , i like the idea of him taking charge . 
 i like it a lot . 
 i lick my lips , and hope i do n't look too eager . 
 `` so , '' i say . 
 his smile is slow and lazy and wonderfully sexy . 
 `` so , '' he repeats . 
 `` are you going to tie me to the bed now ? '' 
 `` not exactly , '' he says with a kind of sensual mischief that creates a tug deep down in my belly . 
 he nods to the bed . 
 `` kneel for me . '' 
 i glance at the rope , then at the bed . 
 then i do as he asks . 
 `` is this-i mean , are you - '' `` am i into bdsm ? 
 am i a master ? 
 do i want you to be my sub ? '' 
 i blink . 
 well . 
 now that he put it that way ... `` um , yeah . 
 i mean , are you ? 
 do you ? '' 
 his smile is a little bit amused , a little bit smug . 
 `` i like being in control , kitten . 
 i like giving pleasure , and i like receiving it . 
 i like taking a woman as far as she can go . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , anything goes between two consenting adults . 
 i do n't give a fuck about labels . 
 but yes , jamie , i want to tie you up . 
 i want to see you bound . 
 i want to make you mine . 
 so tell me now-do you want that , too ? '' 
 my mouth is dry , but somehow i manage to give the only possible answer . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i think i see the flicker of relief in his eyes , and for some reason that small reaction calms my nerves . 
 he wants me-wants this-as much as i do , and i realize with sudden understanding that whatever i give up is like a reciprocal gift to him . 
 he steps toward me , the cord in his hands . 
 `` do you know what makes bondage so pleasurable ? '' 
 `` the submission , '' i say , now putting my thoughts into words . 
 `` losing yourself to the will of another . 
 giving in to his touch completely . 
 trusting him completely . '' 
 i tilt my head to face him more directly . 
 `` and for you , it 's knowing that a woman is at your mercy . 
 that you 're responsible for pleasure . 
 for pain . 
 that you can tease her and torment her . '' 
 i draw in a shaky breath . 
 `` do n't torment me , hunter . 
 i want you too badly . '' 
 `` and i , you , '' he says , then presses his lips to mine and kisses me tenderly . 
 he moves behind me and binds my ankles together as i kneel , then tells me to twine my hands together behind my back , but also under my rear , so it is almost as if i am sitting on my hands . 
 he binds my wrists , and then uses a length of cord to connect my bound ankles to my bound wrists . 
 not that i can see any of that , but i can feel most of what he is doing , and he tells me the rest . 
 what i do n't know is what he has in store for me now that i am trussed up like this . 
 but when he moves back in front of me i tell him what i want . 
 `` you , '' i say . 
 `` i want you in my mouth . '' 
 in this position , i am mostly bent over , and he is kneeling in front of me . 
 he is erect and huge , and i think greedily that i can take all of him . 
 that i need all of him . 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` maybe i want to take you to the edge , '' i say as desire presses down upon me . 
 `` you want me at your mercy ? '' 
 i can hear the smile in his voice . 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` who am i to argue with a determined woman ? '' 
 he is already kneeling in front of me , and now he takes me by the hair . 
 my position is unsteady , but i ease forward , teasing the tip of his cock with my tongue , then growing bolder when he groans , calling my name . 
 i draw him in , sucking and licking , tasting and teasing , and i know by the way he holds my head , by the way his hips thrust as he fucks my mouth , that this was the right thing . 
 he has taken me to the edge over and over , but now i am taking him . 
 i suck and tease and use my tongue to play with the tip of him . 
 he thrusts deep , but i 've never had a problem giving head , and i take him in , all of him , wishing i could use my hands , too . 
 i want to touch him , want to see him . 
 i want to know that i am giving back to him some of the pleasure that he has given me . 
 and then , with a deep groan and a low cry of , `` no , not yet , '' he pulls out . 
 i hear his shallow breathing , and when i tilt my head up to see his face , it is passion i see in his eyes . 
 i lick my lips , savoring the taste of him as he repeats , `` not yet , '' more calmly this time . 
 `` i 'm going to come inside you , '' he says , and my body clenches tight with his words . 
 `` i 'm going to make you explode . '' 
 he strokes my hair as he says , `` i 'm clean , but i 'll wear a condom if you want . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 please . 
 i want to feel you . '' 
 he smiles in answer before he moves behind me , his hands stroking my rear as he trails kisses down my back . 
 `` put your head down , '' he says . 
 `` i want to see your ass in the air . '' 
 i comply , and he strokes me , his hands sliding over the globes of my ass . 
 `` do you have toys ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` not a lot , '' i say . 
 `` some oil that i bought when we got nikki her goody bag . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i point him to the bedside table , and he gets the stuff . 
 the oil is some sort of minty arousal oil , and he strokes it onto my clit , then laughs softly when i first complain that i feel nothing-but then soon buck from the tingly , intense sensations . 
 i 'm desperately wet , and with his finger teasing my clit , i 'm going a little crazy . 
 `` i 'm going to fuck you now , '' he says , then thrusts inside me . 
 he 's deep , and i moan in pleasure as he fills me . 
 i rock back , wanting to take more of him , and as i do he pulls me to him , his free hand gripping my waist . 
 then he slides that hand down , teasing me where our bodies are joined , making his fingers slick before he slides them up to my ass . 
 `` i want you here , too , '' he says . 
 `` have you ever ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` just toys , '' i say , as the sensation of the oil on my clit and his hand on my ass drives me very close to the edge . 
 i feel a blush coming on . 
 `` i liked it . '' 
 `` i 'll remember that , '' he says . 
 `` right now-right now i think i 'm too far gone . 
 jesus , jamie , what you do to me . '' 
 he thrusts again , deeper and faster , even as he teases and torments my clit , the effect of the oil shooting me up into the stratosphere . 
 i hold my breath , willing the climax to wash over me , craving the explosion , desperate for the man to fill me . 
 and then , with one final thrust , he cries my name and empties himself into me . 
 his hand presses against my clit , and the renewed pressure sends me tumbling over after him , faster and faster until there is nowhere to go , and he topples us both over onto the bed . 
 i am still bound , a tight ball , and he is curved around me . 
 i am breathing deep , my mind little more than mush and my body like liquid . 
 `` christ , hunter . 
 you destroyed me . '' 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` it 's you who 've broken me . 
 there 's a fire in you , kitten . 
 and i want to burn with you . '' 
 `` kitten , '' i repeat , my voice dreamy . 
 `` why kitten ? '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` i think it suits you . '' 
 he kisses my shoulder . 
 `` you 're soft and warm and definitely playful . 
 but i 'll need to watch the claws . '' 
 i have to bite back a laugh . 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` you will . '' 
 we lay that way for a moment , then he unties my bindings . 
 i stretch , relishing the motion , as he reaches for the remote on the bedside table and presses the button to close the electronic blinds . 
 then he pulls the quilt up over both of us and holds me close . 
 i spoon against him , his chest warm against my back , and his cock still semi-hard against my rear . 
 he drapes his arm around me and holds me close . 
 i could get used to this , i think . 
 hell , i could get used to him . 
 except for the short nap by the pool , i have n't slept in almost two days and exhaustion presses down on me . 
 i close my eyes , feeling warm and satisfied and sweetly used , and , finally , let sleep sweep me away . 
 chapter five when my eyes flutter open , i do not know how much time has passed . 
 very little , i think , as we are still in the same position . 
 but the gentle softness that drew me into sleep is gone , replaced by something cold and panicky . 
 i do not remember my dreams , but i am damn certain that my subconscious has been poking her manicured fingernail hard into my ass . 
 i do n't want to wake him , and so i gently lift his arm , then slide out from under it . 
 he does n't move , and i take a moment to sit on the edge of the bed and look at him . 
 even in sleep there 's a strength to him , and he really is so damn good-looking that i could just sit here all day drinking him in . 
 he makes me feel amazing-sensual , sexual , special . 
 but it 's not just sex . 
 there 's something about ryan hunter-about the way we connect-that makes me smile . 
 we click . 
 we always have , even without the touching , the fucking . 
 i like him , i think . 
 more than that , i could love him . 
 the thought churns up that undercurrent of panic , making it rise to the top . 
 turning my skin cold and prickly . 
 the last time i fell for a guy , i got my heart ripped out and stomped upon . 
 bryan raine , a narcissistic asshole who was a major catalyst for the plan . 
 a man who pulled me in and twisted me up . 
 granted , bryan raine is n't even worthy to lick ryan 's boots , but when you get down to it , my panic is n't about ryan . 
 it 's about me . 
 and i fucked up . 
 no matter how amazing these last few hours were-no matter how wonderful he made me feel-i blew it big-time . 
 like i had with raine . 
 like i had with so many guys . 
 i mean , for fuck 's sake , all i asked of myself was that i go home and get my shit together . 
 and then one hot guy tells me he wants me in his bed , and i start panting like a bitch in heat . 
 pathetic . 
 frustrated and angry with myself , i stand up . 
 my phone is on the bedside table , and i can see on the lock screen that i 've missed a call . 
 i take it with me to the bathroom , and as i 'm in there i listen to the voice message . 
 it 's from georgia myers , the head of programming for the network television affiliate i 'd auditioned for in dallas . 
 i listen , my heart pounding faster and faster , as she offers me the job . 
 `` i understand you 're currently out of town , but i 'm still hoping that you can start right away . 
 this is a little unorthodox , but our public relations director used to work in los angeles , and she has some contacts in the film industry . 
 you may be aware that the new derrick johnson movie is filming in las vegas , '' she adds , referring to the hottest new director in town . 
 `` we 've actually been granted access to some of the cast . 
 it 's a pretty big coup for a local affiliate station , and we 're very excited by the opportunity . '' 
 she continues , asking me to call and let her know if i can take the job and , if so , if i can get to vegas quickly . 
 she 'll find out who among the cast is available for an interview and e-mail me the research material . 
 that pounding in my chest increases as my panic takes on a new quality . 
 a this-is-a-fucking-awesome-opportunity i-don ` t-want-to-screw-it-up quality . 
 i wo n't , i think . 
 i ca n't . 
 i can do this job . 
 i look good on camera . 
 i 'm comfortable talking with people . 
 this is the kind of job i want . 
 the kind of job i need . 
 it 's the kind of job in which i can prove myself-and the kind of job that can lead me right back to los angeles when i 'm clear . 
 in other words , it 's step one of the plan already checked off the list . 
 i start to race out of the bathroom , eager to tell ryan-and then i pull myself up short in the doorway . 
 what the hell am i doing ? 
 i could get used to this , i 'd thought as i slid out of bed earlier . 
 and damn me all to hell , it was true . 
 i could get used to it . 
 already he 's filled my head and knocked me off center . 
 already , he is the first person i wanted to share good news with . 
 oh , god . 
 oh , god . 
 i really have fucked up and good . 
 i should have walked away . 
 should have told him no . 
 but i 'm a goddamn wimp who ca n't even stick to her own decisions . 
 who gets so twisted up by a man she ca n't even manage to follow her own path . 
 worse than that , i let him take control . 
 i let him get close . 
 i dropped my shields and surrendered totally . 
 i 've given him the power to hurt me-and i know goddamn well that eventually he will do just that . 
 they always do . 
 how had i screwed it up so badly ? 
 i 'd gone from being determined to stand strong and get my shit together to drowning in the residue of all my bad choices . 
 i look at the man sleeping soundly in the bed . 
 i know what will happen when he wakes . 
 he will soothe my tears , tell me it will be okay . 
 he 'll heal my wounds with kisses , and before i know it , i 'll be on my back with his cock inside me , my job and my plan all but forgotten . 
 i tell myself i am strong enough to resist . 
 that i will tell him and then simply walk away . 
 but i know better . 
 i want him-his touch , his kisses . 
 if he wakes , i will stay . 
 and i will hate myself-and him-for it . 
 i turn , lost , and stumble back to the bathroom counter . 
 i blink back tears and stare at my reflection . 
 `` do something , '' i say to the girl who looks back at me . 
 `` fix this . '' 
 and so i do the only thing i can think to do-i run . 
 chapter six i 'm sorry . 
 that 's all i wrote on the note that i left on the bedside table . 
 i wanted to say more , but i 'm not good at saying the words , and i 'm even worse at psychoanalyzing myself . 
 and i 'm certain that i had to go-i have to get my shit together , and you scare the crap out of me would n't have been the best approach , even if it was true . 
 i 've been driving for two hours now , and the sun has long since disappeared behind the san bernardino mountains that fill my rearview mirror . 
 i 'd made my escape quietly , wearing only the jeans and t-shirt that i 'd left in the bathroom , and taking only my purse and phone . 
 i 'd brought a suitcase with me to california , of course , and my suite was littered with shopping bags . 
 but i had n't bothered with any of that because there was no way for me to pack and not wake up ryan . 
 so i 'd run , knowing full well that i could call gregory , damien 's valet , in the morning and have him gather my things and ship them to my parents in texas . 
 as for the vegas job-well , i had makeup in my purse , but i guess i 'd just have to suck it up and shop for clothes . 
 i figured that counted as retail therapy , and even considering the damage that i would undoubtedly do to my credit card , it would be cheaper than a round of sessions with a shrink . 
 i 'd taken the ferrari from where damien had left it for me in his impressive underground garage . 
 it had taken concentration to get out of malibu because i tend to get turned around on all the twisting roads , but as soon as i hit the highway , i started thinking about ryan . 
 about leaving . 
 about the way he made me feel . 
 twice , i reached for my phone , then yanked my hand back before i could close my fingers tight around it . 
 when i reached for it a third time , i snatched it up , then powered the damn thing off and tossed it in the glove box . 
 out of sight , out of mind . 
 except while that worked to stifle the urge to call him , it did nothing to stifle the thoughts and memories and emotions that rattled in my head . 
 the memory of his mouth upon me , his cock inside me . 
 the image of his face as he gazed at me with such tenderness . 
 my own admonitions telling me to run-to get clear . 
 ryan 's stern pronouncement that he liked me wild-but that he would n't let me walk . 
 but i did walk-hell , i did more than walk . 
 i ran . 
 and now , on the road , i am second-guessing myself all over again . 
 fuck it . 
 i 've been listening to my own thoughts for two hours and i ca n't stand it anymore . 
 i check the mirrors to confirm that i 'm the only car on this stretch of interstate 15 , then snatch my phone out of the glove box and power it back on . 
 i fiddle with the radio until i finally figure out how to set it for auxiliary and turn on bluetooth . 
 a few more adjustments , and i 'm jamming to one of the many playlists i keep on my phone . 
 a mix of classic and new rock , along with a few heavy metal songs to add a little pop to the mix . 
 it 's loud enough and rough enough to keep me from thinking-and that is exactly what i want . 
 considering how densely populated los angeles is , this stretch of california is like culture shock . 
 i passed barstow at least thirty minutes ago , and since then i 've seen only one other car on the road . 
 more recently , a sign announced the town of yermo , but it must have been off the highway because as i cruised by in the dark , i 'd seen nothing but the long , narrow tunnel of my own headlights . 
 honestly , it 's a little freaky . 
 i 've made the drive from los angeles to vegas a number of times , so i know more or less where i am and that i have about two hours of absolute nothingness ahead of me until i see the brilliance of vegas filling up the night sky . 
 that means i 'll be rolling into town just after midnight , which is fine by me . 
 the city will still be hopping . 
 i can grab some breakfast at a diner , and then i can go crash . 
 sex-and my nap-had reinvigorated me some , but i am starting to fade again . 
 it 's hard not to when i am blanketed in black , lost in the seemingly endless abyss of the mojave desert at night . 
 the car shudders slightly , and i frown , wondering if i 've just run over some debris . 
 when it does it again , i click off the music so that i can actually think . 
 i check the rearview mirror , but i can see nothing there in the pitch black . 
 i take my hands off the steering wheel , but the ferrari continues straight , so i rule out a flat tire . 
 it shudders again and then slows . 
 i press harder on the accelerator , but that does nothing . 
 automatically , my eyes go to the gas gauge , but i still have almost half a tank , so that is n't the problem . 
 maybe it 's something electrical ? 
 or maybe - shit . 
 damien had warned me about the broken gas gauge at least a million times , and nikki had reminded me again earlier today . 
 and still all it took was a gorgeous man to completely empty my head of any and all useful facts . 
 and now i 'm going to have to wait for aaa , which , of course , will take forever . 
 i steer onto the shoulder , but keep my foot on the accelerator , living the absurd fantasy that maybe i 'll reach a convenience store , gas station , five-star hotel . 
 something . 
 but when the ferrari gives its last gasp of life , i look out as far as the headlights reach and see absolutely nothing . 
 i look left and right , hoping to see the flicker of light from a house or from a business . 
 nothing . 
 neither are there lights approaching in my rearview mirror or coming toward me , westbound toward the coast . 
 shit . 
 apparently , i 'm stuck . 
 is n't that just peachy ? 
 i put the car in park , kill the engine , and turn on the hazard lights . 
 then i snatch up my phone and search my contacts for the 800 number for aaa , but when i dial , the call immediately fails . 
 i spit out a curse , then try again , and only when the call fails once more do i think to glance at my phone 's signal strength . 
 no service . 
 what the fuck ? 
 how can there be no service ? 
 this is america for fuck 's sake , where everyone and their dog has a cell phone and wants to be able to use it . 
 and , seriously , is n't one of the primary reasons for owning a cell phone so that you can make a call when you 're in trouble ? 
 and yet the powers that be do n't put cell towers in scary , empty parts of the country where stranded women may need to make a phone call so that they do n't have to wait in a ferrari for the next car-which just might be driven by a sex-crazed psychopath ? 
 i exhale , pissed , and beat my palm against the steering wheel . 
 then i open my door , thinking that i 'll just start walking . 
 then i immediately close my door and lock it because the walking plan is just about as stupid as it gets , especially now that i have sex-crazed psychopaths on the brain . 
 okay . 
 fine . 
 this is not a problem . 
 well , yes it is . 
 but it 's not an insurmountable problem . 
 i pull my phone out again and stare at the screen as if that will magically make a signal appear . 
 since i do not actually have magical abilities , nothing happens . 
 but i open my text messaging program anyway . 
 i read somewhere that text messages do n't require as strong a signal , and also that the strength of a cell tower 's signal changes all the time . 
 so maybe if i send a text , eventually it will find a signal and flitter away to its destination . 
 clearly , there is a reason that i am an actress and not an engineer . 
 but i figure that even if it does n't help , it wo n't hurt . 
 i open the messaging app and stare at the phone . 
 because the first person i think of to text is ryan-and yet how the hell am i supposed to phrase it ? 
 sorry i skipped out on you . 
 please come save me . 
 somehow , that does n't work for me . 
 i consider texting sylvia , damien 's secretary with whom nikki and i have become friends , but i 'm certain that she will simply send ryan . 
 he is , after all , stark international 's security dude . 
 evelyn dodge , my friend and pseudo-agent , would be a great choice , but i happen to know that she and her lover blaine left around lunchtime for a manhattan getaway . 
 i tell myself i 'm being stupid . 
 that ryan will be mad , yes , but he wo n't leave me stranded . 
 i 'm his boss 's new wife 's best friend , after all . 
 so even if he does n't come himself , he 'll send someone else . 
 besides , odds are the text will never go through . 
 i spend a few moments thinking about it , then decide on the message . 
 sorry i bolted , but i need help . 
 stranded on the 15 just past yermo . 
 please ? 
 i read it once more , then press `` send '' before i can talk myself out of it . 
 then i put in my headphones , turn my music back on , lean back in my seat , and wait . 
 if nothing else , i figure i 'll be rescued come morning . 
 there will be more traffic , for one thing , and maybe even the highway patrol . 
 as it turns out , i do n't have to wait that long . 
 not even five minutes have passed when i see the flash of lights in the rearview mirror . 
 i turn off the music and watch the car approach . 
 i ca n't tell what kind it is ; all i can see is the glare of the lights as it crawls closer and closer , moving at a snail 's pace now . 
 it is still on the highway , but as i watch it slides to the right , pulling off onto the shoulder . 
 then it eases forward until it is right behind me . 
 i expect the driver to kill the lights , but he or she does n't , and i am left sitting there in my please carjack me now ferrari with sex fiends on my mind . 
 my pulse starts to beat more quickly , and i curse myself for not getting the tire iron out of the trunk . 
 because there 's not a damn thing i can use as a weapon inside the vehicle-not unless i intend to beat someone senseless with my iphone . 
 i am astounded at my naivete and pissed off at my own stupidity . 
 i passed through barstow with its stretch of gas stations and i was so busy trying not to think that i did n't think . 
 and now here i am , trapped in a car with ted bundy parked behind me . 
 i check the phone once more , but it still shows no signal . 
 fuck . 
 i see the door to the car open , and someone gets out . 
 a man , i think , though i can see very little in the dark in my mirror . 
 i check the door locks again and am relieved to find them secure . 
 he is approaching the car now , walking with the light at his back so that he appears as only the shadow of a man . 
 i tell myself to be calm , that he is probably just a good samaritan . 
 that most serial killers are not trolling the interstates . 
 i know it . 
 i believe it , and i 'm still scared shitless . 
 terrified that ryan will get my text and two hours later will arrive at the ferrari to find me battered and bloodied and very much dead . 
 stop it . 
 just stop it , already . 
 and then he 's there-his torso right by my window-and his firm rap on the door combines with my nerves to rip a scream from my throat . 
 the man bends down , and i suck in a gasp that is part surprise , part fear , part wonder . 
 because i 'm staring at a man who ca n't possibly be there . 
 i 'm staring at ryan hunter . 
 chapter seven i fly out of the car , then pound my fists on his chest . 
 `` dammit , ryan ! 
 goddammit , you scared me to death ! '' 
 he pulls me close and strokes my back , waiting for me to calm down . 
 i breathe him in , letting his familiar scent soothe me , letting his strength calm me . 
 `` it 's okay , kitten . 
 you 're fine . 
 come on , jamie . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 i hold tight , breathing deep until the terror has passed and i feel calm again . 
 calm and mortified . 
 i ease out of his arms , taking a step backward . 
 the night is so thick that i can see his face only in the thin light from the ferrari 's interior that spills out from the still-open door . 
 i see the concern . 
 the hint of worry that is fading in his eyes now that i am steady again . 
 i do n't want to see the anger that i know is coming , and yet i ca n't stand here and pretend to still be scared just so that i can put off the inevitable . 
 i draw in a breath , tilt my head back so that i can see him , and whisper , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i expect anger . 
 i expect fury . 
 but the soul-deep sadness that fills his eyes is more than i can handle . 
 `` hunter , '' i say , my voice choked . 
 `` please , just let me - '' he nods at the car parked behind the ferrari . 
 `` get in , '' he says in a voice that broaches no argument . 
 `` but - '' i lick my lips . 
 `` i ca n't go back . 
 i have to get to vegas . '' 
 `` i 'll take you where you need to go , jamie , '' he says , and now i hear the anger bubbling up from somewhere dark and deep . 
 `` now get in the goddamn car . '' 
 since he is more than capable of simply picking me up and tossing me inside-and since at the moment he looks prepared to do just that-i do as he says . 
 it 's a mercedes , smooth and sleek with a leather interior and that incredible new-car smell . 
 i put the seat belt on , kick off my shoes , and draw my knees to my chest . 
 i watch as he leans into the ferrari , then emerges with the keys and my phone . 
 he comes to the mercedes , opens the door , and gets in without saying a word . 
 for a moment , he just sits there , and i think that he is finally going to speak . 
 then he presses the button to start the car , puts it in gear , and pulls onto the highway . 
 in seconds , the ferrari is behind us , and i twist in my seat to watch it disappear in the distance . 
 `` we ca n't just leave it . '' 
 he looks at me , and i swear if he stays silent i 'm going to scream . 
 thankfully , he answers . 
 `` i 'll take care of it . '' 
 his words are clipped . 
 measured . 
 `` i 'll have someone get her to vegas . '' 
 `` good , '' i say . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 he looks at me curiously , but does n't ask why i 'm determined to reach vegas before texas , and so i decide not to tell . 
 instead , i ask what is on my mind . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` i 'm the head of security for stark international . 
 do you really think i 'd allow damien to drive a car that does n't have a tracking device installed ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i frown . 
 that had n't occurred to me . 
 and i suppose if it had , i would have assumed the device had been removed once damien gave the car to me . 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` in that case , why did you follow me ? '' 
 the muscle in his jaw tightens , and i brace myself for the explosion . 
 but when he speaks , his voice is surprisingly soft . 
 `` you left in a hurry , without any of your things . 
 i was worried , '' he says , taking his eyes off the road to look at me . 
 `` turns out i had reason to be . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 and then i add , `` i really am sorry . '' 
 he does n't answer , and a thick , uncomfortable silence fills the car . 
 i want to reach for him , to put my hand on his . 
 i want to give him comfort , but i know that is something i am no longer entitled to do . 
 so instead i lean my head back and close my eyes , giving in to the sudden , cloying exhaustion that has settled upon me . 
 i do n't plan to sleep , but i must have dozed off because i am jerked awake when the car slows and the texture of the pavement beneath the tires changes . 
 i blink out the window and see a small , squat building in front of us . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i ask sleepily . 
 `` baker , '' he says . 
 `` we 're staying here until morning . '' 
 `` what ? 
 but i need to get to vegas . '' 
 `` not past midnight you do n't . 
 and i 'd rather you get there alive . '' 
 he pulls into a parking space and kills the engine . 
 then he turns to face me . 
 `` i 'm tired , jamie . 
 i was up all night before the wedding , and then throughout the party . 
 i did n't get much sleep after that , either , '' he adds . 
 he looks at me , his expression cool . 
 `` i 'm running on fumes , and i know you are , too . 
 so we are staying here , and we are going to sleep . '' 
 `` fine , '' i say because what else is there to say ? 
 as far as i can tell , this is the only motel in baker , and it 's tiny . 
 it 's also almost completely sold out , which i find surprising . 
 there is only one room , and it has a king-size bed . 
 when ryan tells me this , i stoically nod my head . 
 secretly , though , i am worried . 
 i ran because i believed it was the right choice-and because i am weak . 
 i am still weak , and simply having him nearby makes me weaker . 
 i can not remember ever being as affected by a man as i am by ryan hunter . 
 and if he makes a move during the night , i 'm not at all certain i will have the strength to say no . 
 because the truth is , though i am certain that going back to texas is the right thing , i regret the way i ran from him . 
 i regret even more the nights i lost with him . 
 maybe the plan really is only about texas . 
 and maybe taking the memory of ryan hunter back with me would have made me stronger . 
 and maybe i 'm pulling rationalizations out of my ass to justify sleeping with him in this tiny hotel . 
 right . 
 best to just not go there . 
 the room is small and dingy and smells like old socks . 
 there is a lumpy bed and a threadbare armchair . 
 i sit in the armchair . 
 ryan does n't sit at all . 
 instead he paces , and i know him well enough to see that he is debating something . 
 i presume it 's whether or not to yell at me . 
 i decide to dive in . 
 i figure i owe him that much . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say for about the four millionth time . 
 he sighs , then sits on the edge of the bed facing me . 
 `` just tell me why . 
 because honestly , jamie , i 'm baffled . 
 i thought we were having a good time . 
 i know damn well that i was . '' 
 `` me , too , '' i say , my voice small but earnest . 
 `` and i thought we 'd reached an understanding . 
 i thought i 'd made it perfectly clear that i was n't going to be one of the men you tossed away . 
 and i sure as hell thought that we were on the same page about you not simply sneaking away . '' 
 `` i fucked up , '' i say . 
 my breath shudders and i feel tears sting my eyes . 
 `` i did n't want to hurt you . 
 or piss you off . '' 
 `` you managed both , '' he says , and when i look at his face , i see something vulnerable in his eyes . 
 i open my mouth to say that i 'm sorry again , but then i stay silent . 
 i have said those empty words too many times already . 
 `` dammit , jamie . '' 
 he sounds ripped up , and i force myself not to reach for him when he kneels down in front of me , his hands on my knees . 
 `` i want you , make no mistake . 
 but if i ca n't have you in my bed , i still want you in my life . '' 
 my heart stutters . 
 he 's speaking words of friendship , not just sex . 
 of a connection that 's more than just physical . 
 it scares me-but even as i want to shrink away , i also ca n't deny the little spark of hope that is now dancing inside me . 
 he reaches up and strokes my cheek . 
 `` i care about you , '' he says . 
 `` and i thought - '' `` what ? '' 
 i 'm breathless . 
 `` i thought you felt the same . '' 
 `` i do . 
 it 's just - '' i stand up and run my fingers through my hair , trying to find the words . 
 `` you 've seen me . 
 and i know you 've heard stories . 
 it 's not like i keep my private life a secret , and that whole fiasco with bryan raine was all over the tabloids . '' 
 raine is an up-and-coming movie star , and it had n't ended well . 
 primarily because he was a selfish , self-absorbed prick who decided to dump me because it would be better for his career to screw an actress with clout . 
 `` i fuck around , '' i say , which pretty much sums up my entire adult life . 
 `` and it 's messed me up a lot . 
 bryan messed with my head . 
 and then i went and slept with one of my best friends , and we managed to fuck that relationship up , too . '' 
 i 'm rattling my thoughts out , not sure if i 'm revealing too much or too little , if i 'm pushing him away or driving him closer . 
 `` but then with you , '' i continue . 
 `` i 've never felt so - '' i shake my head because i 'm not going there . 
 `` it was amazing , '' i say , backtracking . 
 `` but the timing was completely messed up . 
 i was already supposed to go back . 
 i was already deep into the plan . '' 
 `` the plan ? '' 
 `` the whole reason i moved back to texas in the first place . 
 i need to get my head on straight . 
 i 've done a hell of a lot of dumb stuff . '' 
 `` everyone 's done dumb stuff , kitten , '' he says . 
 `` running is n't going to make you smarter . 
 it just puts more distance between you and the problem . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's not about distance . 
 it 's not even about avoiding sex . 
 not really . 
 but sex knocks me off track , and i need to stay strong . '' 
 `` all right , '' he says . 
 `` but if it 's not about distance and not about sex , then what is it about ? '' 
 that 's a good question , and not one i was sure i had the answer to . 
 `` it 's about ... i guess it 's about figuring out who you are . 
 who i am . 
 does that sound foolish ? '' 
 he shakes his head , then moves to sit back on the bed opposite my chair . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` it does n't . 
 do you think you 're going to figure it out in texas ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` by way of vegas , '' i add , and then tell him about the job . 
 `` it sounds like an excellent opportunity , '' he says . 
 `` it is . 
 and i think i 'll be good at it . '' 
 `` i know you will . '' 
 he stands up , paces the room , then stops in front of me . 
 `` all right , '' he says . 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` all right ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to argue with you , and i 'm certainly not going to force you . 
 if you think you need to make a quest and go home , then i wo n't stop you . '' 
 his expression is warm but intense . 
 `` i already know who you are , jamie archer . 
 but i also know you have to figure it out on your own . '' 
 his phone chimes , and he pulls it from his pocket , then glances at me , amused . 
 `` you texted me to rescue you ? '' 
 `` i-oh . 
 yeah . 
 sorry . 
 i realize it 's a little weird seeing as how i walked out on you , but ... '' i trail off in a shrug . 
 `` you were the first one i thought to text , so i tried to think of other people . 
 but i could n't , and so ... at any rate , it does n't matter . 
 you rescued me even before i asked . '' 
 he moves back in front of me , then reaches down and pulls me to my feet . 
 `` thank you , '' he says simply . 
 i shake my head in confusion . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for knowing that i will always be there for you , no matter what . '' 
 `` ryan ... '' my voice is soft and full of emotion . 
 because he is right . 
 i do know that , and the knowledge wraps around me like a soft blanket . 
 he smiles in what i think is understanding . 
 then the smile intensifies , and a hint of amusement touches his lips . 
 `` if getting to texas is what you need , then i 'll get you there . 
 first vegas , then on to dallas . '' 
 `` i can drive myself , '' i say . 
 `` maybe , '' he says . 
 `` but do you really want to ? 
 i provide a quality transportation service , '' he adds with a cocky grin . 
 `` and all for a very reasonable price . '' 
 `` price , '' i repeat , amused . 
 `` what kind of price ? '' 
 `` i 'll make you a deal , '' he says . 
 `` and since we 're going to vegas , we 'll let roulette decide the terms . '' 
 `` i 'm still not following you , '' i say . 
 `` then let me be more clear . 
 one spin of the roulette wheel . 
 black , you pay me . 
 red , you fuck me . '' 
 i gape at him . 
 `` but i just told you . 
 getting my head straight . 
 sex . 
 how it messes me up , and - '' `` you said it was n't about avoiding sex . 
 just that sex knocks you off track . 
 but i 'll be keeping you on track , jamie . 
 first vegas , then dallas , and then i go back to la , no questions asked . '' 
 `` i - '' `` we wo n't be dating , '' he says . 
 `` nothing like that . 
 just the same terms as before . '' 
 the heat in his voice is unmistakable . 
 `` you . 
 at my mercy . '' 
 i swallow . 
 my head says i should say no , but every other part of my body is screaming for me to say yes . 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` and the payment ? 
 if it 's black , i mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm salaried at stark international . 
 but i 'll calculate my hourly rate . 
 we can start the clock when we arrive in vegas . '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` how much exactly , '' i demand . 
 he does a quick calculation and tells me a number that comes near to making me faint . 
 `` are you insane ? 
 i ca n't afford that . '' 
 `` well then , '' he says with a wicked grin , `` you 'd better hope for red . '' 
 chapter eight because we slept until almost noon and then had an absolutely fabulous breakfast of greasy eggs , bacon , and melt-in-your-mouth biscuits at the motel 's dive of a coffee shop , it is already past four when we finally roll into vegas . 
 even in the daylight , the city feels alive . 
 if manhattan is your snooty stepmother and los angeles your hippie brother , then las vegas is your crazy-ass cousin who does n't know what to be when he grows up . 
 everything is gaudy , bright , and larger than life . 
 paris bumps up against egypt , and the whole place has a disneyland feel to it . 
 it 's probably terribly wrong of me to love it , but i do . 
 especially the strip , where all the biggest and best casinos and hotels line up like a receiving line , welcoming everyone , from people with stark-like billions all the way down to me , with my nearly empty checking account . 
 i gawk out the window as we drive , feeling a bit like an eager puppy taking in the sights . 
 i do n't even gamble much , and i still love vegas . 
 i think i feel a camaraderie with it . 
 we 're both a little bit tacky sometimes . 
 we pass the iconic caesar 's palace , and moments later , pull up in front of the magnificent starfire resort . 
 the drive circles a fountain , and i watch , mesmerized as colorful columns of water rise and fall . 
 a bellman hurries to open my door while a valet takes the car from ryan . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 ryan asks , taking my arm . 
 `` i 've never stayed here before , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm pretty much a low-rent end of the strip kind of girl . '' 
 `` you 'll love it . 
 and i 'm not surprised the producers are putting the actors up here . 
 starfire is one of the most luxurious hotels on the strip . '' 
 i 'd received the follow-up e-mail from georgia while we were on the road . 
 the station has booked me a room at the starfire , and i have an interview scheduled the next morning with ellison ward , a british actor who is all the rage now that he 's won an oscar . 
 they 've even flown in a cameraman to do the filming . 
 all i need to do is review the file , tweak the suggested questions , and not screw up . 
 when i first read the e-mail , i was surprised that a dallas station could arrange a one-on-one with somebody of ward 's stature . 
 but after i read the research material , i understood . 
 apparently ward 's mother lived in texas for a few years and had a fondness for the metroplex that she 'd passed on to her son . 
 honestly , it was quite a coup for the station and for me . 
 undoubtedly , the piece would go national , and i 'd get some serious exposure , all of which would help in my quest to get back to la someday . 
 that , of course , only made the `` do n't screw up '' part of the equation all the more important . 
 an efficient young woman in a pencil-style skirt and tailored blouse meets us as we step into the stunning lobby decorated in what i think is an art deco style . 
 `` mr. hunter , ms. archer . 
 we have you all set . 
 would you like to follow me ? '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' ryan says . 
 `` we need to go to the casino first . 
 the room is ready ? '' 
 the girl nods . 
 `` absolutely . 
 enjoy your stay , and do n't hesitate to ring if you need anything . '' 
 i glance at ryan , slightly confused . 
 `` efficient staff . '' 
 `` very , '' he says as she moves across the tiled floor to the registration desk . 
 `` time for roulette ? '' 
 i ask , the word alone sending a few tingles running through me . 
 he trails his fingers down my arm . 
 `` roulette , '' he confirms . 
 the casino opens off the lobby , and we can hear the noise and bluster as we head down the set of staircases to the wide , slot-machine lined entrance . 
 it 's like entering a different world . 
 noise and lights . 
 the chatter of patrons , the calls of the staff . 
 and beneath it all , the clink and clank of coins . 
 `` this way , '' he says , leading me down a tiled path that is cut through the carpeted areas that hold the banks of slot machines , tables for blackjack and other card games , craps , and the like . 
 we find the roulette tables on the far side , and by the time we arrive , i feel as though i have walked a thousand miles . 
 `` pick your table , '' he says , and since they all seem the same to me , i choose the closest one . 
 he pulls a fifty dollar casino chip out of his jacket pocket , which strikes me as a bit odd since i never saw him exchange any money for chips . 
 i do n't have time to think about it , though , because he places the chip in my hand and tells me to bet . 
 immediately , i put the chip on red . 
 ryan laughs , then lifts my hand and kisses my fingertips , the touch as gentle as a butterfly 's wing and at least as sensual . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you 're giving away your secrets , kitten , '' he says , nodding to the table where i 'd placed my bet . 
 `` you know what red means . '' 
 `` i do , '' i say , and then , because i 'm feeling bold and i really do want it , i move to his side and lift myself up on my toes so that i can whisper in his ear . 
 `` it means that i 'm at your mercy , '' i say , and then slowly-very slowly-i run my tongue over the curve of his ear . 
 i 'm holding on to him as i do it , one hand on his shoulder , the other on his back . 
 i feel the way his body tightens beneath my touch . 
 i hear the low groan that he tries to stifle , and , yes , i smile . 
 `` naughty , '' he whispers as i lower myself . 
 but i just gaze innocently at the table and the wheel that has started to spin . 
 i hold my breath as the ball bounces , around and around , and then-yes-it lands on red . 
 i glance sideways and see that ryan is watching me . 
 i smile triumphantly . 
 `` i had to want red , '' i tease . 
 `` there was no way i could come up with enough cash to pay you . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` fair enough , kitten . 
 i promise , though , that i 'll make sure that landing on red was very much worth it . 
 for both of us . '' 
 he nods at the table as the croupier pays out our winnings . 
 `` care to stay in the casino and gamble a bit longer ? 
 i 'm feeling lucky . '' 
 `` i 'm feeling lucky , too , '' i say . 
 `` and i absolutely do not want to stay . '' 
 he makes a noise i interpret as satisfaction , then pockets our winnings . 
 he takes my arm and leads me out of the casino . 
 i 'm completely turned around , but i 'm pretty sure we 've been moving away from the lobby . 
 my instinct is confirmed when i realize that we are in a wide-open , bright shopping area . 
 the ceiling is a mural of the sky , arching across the space above our heads from sunrise on one side to sunset on the other , with day and night between . 
 in the area in which we are standing , the night sky is spread above us , and thousands of small electric lights wink down at us . 
 it 's cheesy , but it 's also romantic , and when ryan takes my hand to lead me through the mall , i can not stifle my little sigh of contentment . 
 for right now , anyway , all is well in my world . 
 like most of the shops on the pricier section of the strip , the ones that fill this mall are high-end , full of designer goods and hefty price tags . 
 those extravagant items are balanced with markdowns so that the overall result is a store full of products for both the lucky and not-so-lucky gambler . 
 we pass by a window display overflowing with diamonds and emeralds , along with price tags that make clear that this is not the store for part-time gamblers and two-bit winners . 
 this is where the high rollers come to shop . 
 ryan takes my hand and leads me inside . 
 `` that would look lovely on your wrist , '' he says , pointing to a diamond and platinum bracelet that costs more than my condo . 
 `` you 're insane , '' i say . 
 he grins at me . 
 `` not your style ? '' 
 `` no , '' i admit because my taste tends toward funkier . 
 he eyes me critically , his gaze skimming up and down . 
 `` no , '' he murmurs , `` you 're right . 
 you need something more ... '' his voice drifts off as he walks the length of the glass counter . 
 a clerk comes by , apparently sniffing a sale , but ryan waves him away with a flick of his hand . 
 `` like this , '' he says , pointing to a circle of lovely pounded silver . 
 it is a choker-style necklace made so that it catches the light at a variety of angles . 
 there is a hinge on the back with a pin that fits through a corresponding cylinder to keep the thing in place . 
 at the center there is a single loop upon which one could hang a charm . 
 `` it 's lovely , '' i say . 
 `` it 's practical , '' he says . 
 i raise a brow in question . 
 `` the loop , '' he says . 
 `` so simple to attach a leash . '' 
 oh . 
 i swallow . 
 `` it 's like a slave collar , '' i say , then lick my lips . 
 `` is that why you think it suits me ? '' 
 i say in a voice full of challenge . 
 `` because right now , i belong to you ? '' 
 he looks straight at me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the word is simple and direct and so full of meaning it makes me tremble . 
 i think of the way he bound me back in malibu . 
 the pleasure of surrendering to his mercy . 
 i remember , and it makes me wet . 
 i turn , then leave the store , going back out into the mall , my breath now shallow . 
 he follows me , and when i look up to meet his eyes , i find i can not read his expression . 
 `` did you leave because the idea makes you uncomfortable ? '' 
 i consider lying . 
 it would be so easy to just say the words and walk away . 
 but i do n't want to . 
 i want the truth between us . 
 i want to see where we go . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i left because i like it . '' 
 his expression does n't change . 
 only the slight increase in the tension of his jaw lets me know that my answer has gotten to him . 
 `` all right , '' he says , and then continues to walk down the wide , store-lined corridor . 
 i follow , a little on edge . 
 i 'm not sure he understands my confession . 
 or , if he does , what that means for me . 
 as far as i can tell , though , the subject is dropped . 
 `` so what are we shopping for ? '' 
 i ask after five minutes have passed in silence . 
 `` you , of course . '' 
 he gestures to the jeans and t-shirt i 've been wearing for two days now . 
 `` you ca n't live in those clothes . '' 
 the man has a point . 
 `` at the very least , you 'll need something for dinner tonight , '' he says . 
 `` and something for tomorrow 's interview . 
 here , '' he says , pausing in front of a store wherein every item probably costs more than my entire credit card limit . 
 `` i ca n't afford this , '' i whisper as we step through the door . 
 he shoots me an amused expression . 
 `` i can . '' 
 the store is apparently arranged by layer , and the first thing i see when we enter is a bin with lingerie . 
 he reaches in and pulls out a pair of thong-style panties . 
 he looks at them , then looks at me . 
 i try to keep a straight face , but the whole idea of him picking out my panties is amusing me . 
 `` why bother ? '' 
 i finally say . 
 `` i 'm just going to take them off . '' 
 `` i certainly hope so , '' he replies with at least as much humor . 
 `` but that 's part of the fun . '' 
 i swallow because he 's definitely called that right . 
 he lifts a finger to signal a salesgirl , and she comes running . 
 he hands her the panties , along with a few other pairs in assorted colors , then tells her we need a business outfit and an evening gown . 
 she practically genuflects toward the both of us as she leads us further back to the uncluttered displays of designer clothing . 
 we handle the interview suit first , and as ryan waits on a low , black leather couch , i go into the dressing room to change . 
 i try on three options and end up going with a classic black suit and a white silk shell . 
 it 's more conservative than my usual style , but when we match it with three-inch black pumps , i ca n't deny that i look sexy as hell . 
 `` you 're going to knock 'em dead . '' 
 `` hopefully not ellison ward , '' i say . 
 `` it would be one hell of a story , but i 'd rather have the interview in my portfolio . '' 
 he laughs and kisses me , then signals again for the salesgirl and tells her we 're ready to see evening wear . 
 though all the dresses she suggests are stunning , there is only one that i truly fall in love with . 
 it is modeled after marilyn monroe 's dress from the seven year itch , the one with the full skirt that blows up when she stands over the subway grate . 
 i love the way it drapes and the way the halter is both revealing and subtle . 
 most of all , i love the flirty , flippy skirt . 
 i hope it looks as good on me as it does on the hanger . 
 `` try it on , '' ryan says , but this time he follows me to the dressing room . 
 i see the clerk 's eyes widen , but ryan simply smiles . 
 `` i 'll be joining the lady . '' 
 `` oh . 
 of course . '' 
 she backs away but not before giving ryan a quick once-over . 
 then she glances at me . 
 i have the distinct impression that right then , she would very much like to trade places with me . 
 i resist the urge to gloat and move into the dressing room , my skin tingly and my pulse pounding . 
 `` what exactly are you doing ? '' 
 i ask when he latches the door behind him . 
 `` watching you . '' 
 he takes a seat on the upholstered ottoman that takes up one corner of the dressing room . 
 since this is a high-end store , the dressing room is reasonably sized and the doors go all the way to the floor , providing genuine privacy . 
 i face the three-way mirror and peel off my t-shirt and jeans , all the while watching ryan 's face in the reflection . 
 he is making no effort to hide the heat , the desire , and i run my teeth over my lower lip , wishing that he would touch me . 
 he does n't , though , and so i continue gamely on . 
 since the dress is backless , i unfasten my bra , then let it fall to the floor . 
 i meet ryan 's eyes in the mirror , then draw my hands down over my breasts , my nipples as hard as beads , and then down to my tiny panties . 
 i leave those on-though i 'm tempted to strip fully . 
 but this is n't my show . 
 the game is that i am at ryan 's mercy , not the other way around , and though i am frustrated that he has yet to touch me , i ca n't deny that i enjoy the tease-as well as this rising anticipation , so keen that it prickles my skin , making me aware of even the simple brush of air against me . 
 i take the dress off the hanger , then slip it on . 
 it fits like a dream and feels like one against my skin . 
 i stroke my hands over the soft material of the skirt , then give a little gasp of delight when i discover the hidden pocket . 
 i do a twirl for ryan to show it off , then turn the pocket out . 
 `` i love this , '' i say . 
 `` the dress and the pocket . 
 it 's very retro . 
 so a girl does n't have to take her purse for an evening out . 
 this is all you need for a credit card , a key , maybe even a small lipstick . '' 
 `` i 'll carry whatever you need tonight , '' he says . 
 `` and i 'm less interested in pockets than in the way you look . 
 and jamie , you look amazing . '' 
 i turn back around to face my reflection , and i have to agree . 
 my summer tan makes the white dress look even more vibrant , and there 's something about the shape of it that flatters me , showing off all my curves to just the right effect . 
 right now , my hair is in a very messy ponytail , but i can imagine it piled upon my head . 
 i 'll wear minimal makeup , just a light gloss of mascara and blood-red lipstick . 
 yeah , i think , i want this dress . 
 i want to be on ryan 's arm in this dress . 
 `` i love it , '' i tell him . 
 he stands and moves behind me . 
 i expect him to touch me , but he does n't . 
 but he is standing so close that i can feel his heat , his presence , and i pull it close around me , drawing in the thought of him . 
 feeling safe . 
 and , yes , feeling loved . 
 when i meet his eyes in the mirror , my smile is tentative , even a little shy . 
 and even so , the moment is perfect . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` for the dress ? '' 
 `` for everything . '' 
 chapter nine ryan carries the garment bag as we move across the starfire lobby to the guest elevators . 
 `` remind me to get a picture of me in the dress , '' i say . 
 `` i want to e-mail it to my mom . 
 she 'd absolutely love it . 
 although daddy would love it more . 
 on her , '' i add , glancing sideways at him . 
 `` he loves to dress my mom up and take her out . '' 
 `` how long have they been married ? '' 
 `` almost thirty years . 
 i 'm an only , which is n't surprising . '' 
 i say the last without thinking and immediately regret it . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 i do n't really want to get into it , and yet at the same time , i like talking to ryan . 
 he understands so much even without me speaking . 
 and while i adore my parents , i also know that they 're constantly under the surface in everything i do . 
 nikki gets it , but compared to her life , mine is roses and candy . 
 i draw in a breath as we wait for the elevator , then lift a shoulder . 
 `` it sounds goofy , but they 're so much in love that it scares me sometimes . '' 
 `` i 'm not following . '' 
 `` i told you it sounded silly . '' 
 i try to explain what it was like growing up with them . 
 `` i was like the third person on a hot date , '' i say . 
 `` they loved me , do n't get me wrong , but we never felt like a family unit . 
 there was always them . 
 or maybe them plus me . 
 there was never us . '' 
 i shrug again . 
 `` like i said , it sounds stupid and petty . '' 
 `` no , '' he says gently . 
 `` it does n't . 
 your parents are your first conception of love , the first object of your love . 
 you love them wholly and unconditionally , and expect that back . 
 when you do n't get that in return , it colors everything . '' 
 i gape at him , amazed that he understands so completely what it has taken me a lifetime to wrap my head around . 
 and since he understands , i tell him the rest . 
 `` the thing is , my mom used to want to go to law school . 
 and my dad loved to paint . 
 but neither one does that anymore . 
 my dad did n't want my mom to be away so much , so she never pursued her degree . 
 and mom does n't give a crap about painting , so he stopped doing it . 
 they 're still deliriously happy together , but they 've lost something . 
 part of themselves , i guess . '' 
 i do n't say the next . 
 i do n't tell him that it terrifies me . 
 that i 'm afraid that 's what happens when you find the one person that you love in all the world-they draw you into a bubble . 
 a happy bubble , but one that is less vibrant and less colorful than the world you wanted to live in . 
 intellectually , i know that is n't true . 
 i mean , hell , look at nikki and damien-she 's pursuing her dream even more now because damien has encouraged her-but one example from one friend ca n't overshadow my fears . 
 i say none of that , but as the elevator arrives and we step on , ryan looks at me with such tenderness that i ca n't help but feel he understands . 
 `` no matter how much we love them , we all grow up surrounded by our parents ' shit . 
 you 'll either be buried in it and suffocate , or use it for fertilizer and thrive . '' 
 i stare at him for a moment , then laugh . 
 `` you 're right , '' i say . 
 `` that 's probably the most profound-and disgusting-thing that i 've heard in a long time . '' 
 i laugh again , then lean against him when he pulls me close . 
 `` thank you , '' i whisper , then sigh when he dips his head and presses a soft kiss to my hair . 
 the elevator lets us off on the forty-seventh floor , just three floors shy of the top level . 
 as far as i can tell , there are only three doors on this floor , and i frown a bit as he stops in front of one with a gold plaque on the door that reads , es-2 . 
 he pulls a keycard from his wallet , then opens the door and stands aside as i enter what can only be described as paradise . 
 the room has a huge living area , complete with a wet bar and a grand piano . 
 but the furnishings are nothing compared to the view-an entire wall of windows that look out on all of las vegas , and if i turn my head to take it all in , i can see from the stratosphere to the luxor and beyond . 
 the sun has begun to dip low in the horizon , and the light has an orange quality now , as if it is painting the town . 
 the view is stunning , vibrant , and i turn to ryan in wonder . 
 `` this is n't the room that the station booked for me , is it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` this is a stark international hotel . '' 
 it 's not a question , but he answers anyway . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i think back since our arrival . 
 the way the woman welcomed him . 
 the casino chip he had in his pocket . 
 the fact that we did n't have to check in to get a key . 
 honestly , i should have realized . 
 `` do you live here ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` no , i live in la , not far from damien , only in a much smaller house . 
 but i spend about four weeks out of every year here going over procedure with the staff and auditing all of our security systems and operations . 
 this is one of the executive suites . 
 we all have use of it . '' 
 `` you always carry casino chips in your pocket ? '' 
 `` no , but i do tend to keep some in the car . 
 once we arrived , i grabbed a few . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 that made sense . 
 `` and you have a closet or something here , which is why i 'm the only one who had to buy clothes . '' 
 `` or something , '' he confirms . 
 `` i keep a suitcase on site . 
 by now , housekeeping should have unpacked and pressed my clothes . '' 
 i lift a brow . 
 `` must be nice . '' 
 `` i promise you , it is . '' 
 `` so how did you land such a cush job ? '' 
 i ask as i stroll around the room . 
 `` i mean , heading up an entire division for damien 's umbrella company-i know the guy , and that 's a pretty plum job . '' 
 `` it is , '' ryan says . 
 `` but i 'm exceptionally good at what i do . '' 
 i pull out a bottle of wine from the fridge behind the wet bar . 
 there is a corkscrew already sitting out , and i study ryan as i open the wine . 
 `` i believe you . 
 how did you get that way ? '' 
 he takes a seat , his eyes never leaving me . 
 `` law enforcement runs in my family . 
 my great-grandfather was in scotland yard , and my grandfather was mi6 . '' 
 `` wow . 
 and your dad ? '' 
 `` he disappointed them by moving to boston . 
 became a cop . 
 married a secretary at the district attorney 's office . '' 
 i laugh as i cross to him , a glass of wine in each hand . 
 `` it really is all in the family . '' 
 `` which is why i was such a disappointment . '' 
 he takes the wine , and i plunk myself down on the table in front of him . 
 he sips , then smiles . 
 `` i could get used to this . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you , waiting on me . '' 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` i 'm yours to command-at least for a few more days . '' 
 i lick my lips provocatively , then very deliberately drop my gaze to his crotch . 
 and then , because i 'm feeling bold , i lean forward and cup his erection . 
 he is already hard , and knowing that gives me a feminine thrill . 
 `` any time you want , '' i whisper . 
 `` you just tell me how you want me to service you . '' 
 i see the tension on his face as he fights for control . 
 `` this will do nicely for now , '' he says . 
 he nods to the floor . 
 `` come a little closer . '' 
 i do , getting on my knees in front of him , and i keep up the rhythm , stroking his cock as he tells me his story . 
 `` i did n't want to be a cop , '' he says . 
 `` christ , jamie , do you know what you 're doing to me ? '' 
 `` i have some idea , '' i admit . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` but when my dad was killed in the line , that 's what everyone expected of me . '' 
 i pause my hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` thank you-i was young . '' 
 he lays his hand on mine . 
 `` do n't stop . '' 
 i tilt my head back and meet his eyes , and for a moment i think i will get lost in them . 
 then he goes on , telling me about how his family rebounded-him , his sister , his mother . 
 `` but i still was n't interested in wearing the uniform , having the badge . 
 i considered the military , but that was n't my thing . 
 i trained-a lot . 
 martial arts , boxing , weapons . 
 but i was n't the military type . 
 i was n't the intelligence type , either . 
 too much chain of command , and i like being my own boss . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i continue to touch him , but lightly . 
 i want to arouse him , not overwhelm him . 
 i want to hear his story . 
 `` i opened a private security firm . 
 very high-end . 
 very exclusive . 
 very international . 
 my family connections helped there . 
 the company did well , and i decided to take it public . 
 nothing like that had ever been done before , and i caught damien 's eye . 
 he got in contact , and to make a long story short , ended up buying me out . 
 since then , we 've become friends , and i moved up in his company . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` so the company you started is just gone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's a stark subsidiary now . 
 i ran it for five years before taking this job . 
 i was getting tired of globetrotting and wanted a more permanent home base . 
 i 'm thirty . 
 i wanted to think about a life . 
 a family . '' 
 i lick my lips and try to swallow the ball of jealousy that has caught in my throat . 
 `` a family , '' i repeat as i draw my hand away from his cock and lean back . 
 `` you wanted to stay in la because of a woman ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says , then tenderly strokes my cheek . 
 `` not then . '' 
 i try not to react , not to read too much into those casual words . 
 but i ca n't help but wonder . 
 his smile turns mischievous . 
 `` actually , there is a woman , and she very much influenced my move . '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` my sister is at ucla . 
 i like being able to see her , help her out . 
 spoil her rotten . '' 
 i think about my dress . 
 about everything . 
 `` i imagine you do that very well . '' 
 `` drives her crazy , '' he admits cheerfully . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 `` moira , '' he says . 
 `` dad died when she was eight , so i 've always felt a bit like a parent . 
 she 's amazing , '' he adds as i watch his face , studying this new side of the man who already has me falling . 
 he puts his hand over mine . 
 `` as much as i 'm enjoying your touch , '' he says , `` i think it 's time to move on . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 his cock is hard beneath his jeans , and i 'm hoping that he has plans to put that lovely erection to very good use . 
 `` we have dinner reservations . 
 you should change . '' 
 `` right , '' i say , standing up and hoping my disappointment does n't show . 
 i start to step away , but his voice stops me . 
 `` wait , '' he says . 
 `` first things first . '' 
 i turn back , and there 's something in his tone that makes me wary . 
 `` you left , '' he said . 
 `` you ran , actually . '' 
 i lick my lips . 
 `` i thought we were past that . 
 our new deal . 
 roulette . 
 the ball on red . '' 
 `` and i 'm very much enjoying our arrangement so far , '' he says , which is a bit baffling as so far he has n't touched me . 
 not really . 
 but that , i suppose , is all part of the tease . 
 but what he 's talking about now ... i shake my head , uncertain . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` it was a bad thing you did , jamie . 
 we both know it . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i say , still wary . 
 `` strip . '' 
 i blink . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he leans back , his arms stretched along the rear of the couch . 
 he looks relaxed and powerful and most definitely in charge . 
 `` i said , strip . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 his mouth curves in a lazy , seductive smile . 
 `` why do you think ? '' 
 my mouth has gone dry , and my knees are suddenly weak . 
 whatever he intends , i know that i want it-and yet still i am nervous . 
 `` i think you 're going to fuck me , '' i say , and i ca n't keep the note of hope out of my voice . 
 `` no , '' he says firmly . 
 `` i 'm going to punish you . '' 
 `` hunter - '' he smiles . 
 `` that 's it . 
 i like that . 
 you call me hunter when you know what 's coming . '' 
 `` ryan , '' i say more firmly , making him laugh . 
 `` it 's no use , kitten . 
 hush now . 
 hush and take off your clothes . 
 i promise you , jamie , you do n't want to cross me . '' 
 i am tempted to do just that simply because i want to see how far he will take this . 
 but i also want what i know he will give me . 
 his hands , his cock , his body . 
 but there will be none of that until i strip . 
 until he punishes me . 
 i remember what he 'd said that first night in malibu-how he 'd talked about spanking me . 
 i remember , too , how wet the very idea had made me . 
 it makes me wet now . 
 `` are you going to spank me ? '' 
 `` no talking , '' he says again , `` or i 'll be dining alone tonight . 
 go on , '' he urges . 
 `` i want to watch you strip for me . '' 
 i do n't speak , but i move back to stand in front of him . 
 slowly , i peel off my clothes , one garment at a time , until i am standing naked in front of him . 
 i can see the desire in his eyes and know that he is looking forward to this . 
 and , yes , so am i. i smile boldly , then slide my hand down over my sex just because i want to do a little bit of punishing myself . 
 `` i 'm wet , '' i say , then bring my own finger to my mouth . 
 `` jesus , jamie , '' he says , and while i have him , i decide to take the extra step and see just how crazy i can make him . 
 i move closer , then bend over his lap , putting my bare ass in front of him . 
 `` spank me , '' i say . 
 `` you know you want to . '' 
 my pubis is pressed against his lap , and i can feel his erection grow . 
 i close my eyes , relishing the feel of his hand rubbing a smooth circle on my rear . 
 and then his hand is gone , replaced only moments later with a quick , sharp sting . 
 i cry out in both surprise and pain-and as his palm strokes quickly over the spot , i relax and breathe deep as the fingers of pain spread out , transforming to electric shocks that sizzle through me , focusing most intently on my sex , now even more hot . 
 even more needy . 
 `` do you like that ? '' 
 he says , and i can tell by his growing erection that he does . 
 `` yes-it 's ... '' i search for the right word . 
 `` liberating , '' i finally say , and it 's true . 
 the sting , the pain , sends me flying , freeing me for an even more intense passion . 
 `` again , '' he says , then lands another smack followed in quick succession by another . 
 he is spanking and stroking , giving pain and then pleasure . 
 sending me spiraling up and then reeling me back in . 
 i have never done this before . 
 never felt this before . 
 and i like it . 
 dear god , i like it . 
 `` hunter , '' i whisper as my cunt throbs in a silent demand for his touch . 
 `` can i be bad every day ? '' 
 he laughs , then rubs his hands upon my ass , my back , my shoulders . 
 `` you are perfection , jamie . 
 you are delight . 
 and as for your punishment , we 'll have to see just how naughty you are . 
 right now , i think you 've been punished enough . '' 
 i sigh , fighting my way back up through the waves of pleasure , the sweet tingle of pain and promise . 
 `` i take it you like that ? '' 
 his voice pours softly over me , strong and intoxicating , like the smooth burn of whiskey . 
 `` yes , '' i admit as my body clenches with unfulfilled need . 
 `` but please , hunter . 
 will you fuck me now ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says smoothly . 
 `` now , i 'm going to feed you . '' 
 chapter ten as with the rest of the hotel , ryan is known in the restaurant . 
 the moment we set foot through the door , a distinguished man with graying temples and perfect posture strides toward us . 
 the space itself is beautiful , as is every part of this hotel that i have seen . 
 the paneling is a deep mahogany , and the tables are draped with crisp white cloths . 
 sturdy , comfortable-looking chairs surround the tables , upholstered in warm red leather . 
 the art is appealing , hyper-realistic paintings of wine bottles and glasses , each larger than life and brimming with color . 
 the lighting is low but not too dark , and the acoustics are good enough to hear your companions but not so good that you can eavesdrop on the next table . 
 best of all , it smells incredible . 
 `` mr. hunter , so good to see you again . 
 your usual table ? '' 
 `` not tonight , stephen . 
 the lady and i would like some privacy . 
 is station twelve available ? '' 
 `` it is , '' stephen says , and he leads us to a round booth in the back of the restaurant from which we can see the rest of the room , and yet we still feel secluded . 
 it is , i think , the perfect date table . 
 ryan orders wine and oysters on the half shell , and stephen nods in acknowledgement before leaving us alone . 
 `` if this is n't your table , '' i begin as soon as stephen is out of earshot , `` where do you usually sit with your women ? '' 
 i add a teasing quality to my voice , but the truth is that i want to know . 
 i am not jealous-not really . 
 but my curiosity borders on intense . 
 `` i 've never brought a woman here , '' he says . 
 `` because you 're always working when you come to starfire ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` i have access to the suite anytime . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say , finding that tidbit of information extremely fascinating . 
 he leans over and brushes a kiss over my lips . 
 `` i have n't brought a woman , '' he says , `` because there 's never been a woman i wanted to bring . '' 
 i force myself not to grin like a fool . 
 after all , ryan 's dating history should n't be of any interest to me . 
 not now . 
 not with me just days away from returning to texas . 
 all true , and yet i ca n't deny the fingers of delight that dance along my spine , making my body tingle with the knowledge that , at least as to this one small thing , i am unique and special to him . 
 i clear my throat so as not to show my pleasure . 
 `` i did n't realize you 'd been celibate before me , '' i tease . 
 `` are you fishing , ms. archer ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` should i be flattered ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` flattered ? '' 
 he slides his hand along my leg , making the silk of the dress rub provocatively over my skin . 
 `` that you 're jealous of the other women i 've dated . '' 
 i lick my lips , my legs now warm , my sex now tingling . 
 `` we 're not dating . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'll rephrase . 
 are you jealous of the other women i 've fucked ? '' 
 what the hell , i think , and then answer . 
 `` yes , '' i say boldly . 
 `` i am . '' 
 his smile is triumphant . 
 `` good . '' 
 he tightens his fingers on my thigh then leans over and kisses my cheek . 
 `` i 'll tell you a secret , kitten . 
 i 've been with a lot of women . 
 you 're the only one who has truly gotten under my skin . '' 
 i feel a rush of cold at his words , like a victim going into shock . 
 i do n't think this is fear , though . 
 i think it is hope . 
 sweet , delicious , terrifying hope . 
 `` be careful , '' i say quickly before he has the chance to study my silence . 
 `` you 're going to break the rules . 
 you 're going to knock me off-kilter . '' 
 `` i would n't dream of it , '' he says . 
 `` but i wonder if i should be the one who 's jealous ? '' 
 `` maybe you should , '' i say flippantly . 
 `` i 've fucked a lot of men . '' 
 the words come easily . 
 hell , he 's easy . 
 maybe it 's because i know that this is a temporary thing that will end when we reach dallas . 
 maybe it 's because he 's ryan . 
 maybe it 's because we started as friends even if , in some secret deep part of myself , i want to end up so much more . 
 all i know is that this is comfortable . 
 he is studying my face , his expression inquisitive . 
 `` how many of them meant something to you ? 
 these men you fucked ? '' 
 `` three , '' i say easily . 
 `` the first because he was a genuine friend , and we never should have been so stupid . 
 the second i thought was real , but i was mistaken . 
 i thought he broke my heart , but all he really did was wound my pride . '' 
 `` your friend ollie , '' he says . 
 `` and the second is the asshole movie star ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 bryan raine . 
 creep extraordinaire . '' 
 `` and the third ? '' 
 i look at him , but i do n't answer . 
 instead i just smile and sip my wine . 
 i think he understands , but his expression is almost sad when he says , `` you burn through men like you 're on a quest , kitten . 
 what is it you expect to find ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say . 
 what i want to say is you . 
 a waitress arrives with a bottle of wine , and after ryan samples it , she pours us each a glass . 
 i desperately want a sip , but before i can take one , ryan twines his fingers with mine . 
 `` maybe you do n't need texas or your plan . 
 maybe you just need to find a man who grounds you . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i make bad choices . '' 
 `` in the past , yes , '' he says . 
 `` but how long are you going to keep using that excuse as a band-aid on your fear ? '' 
 my head snaps up . 
 `` i 'm not afraid . '' 
 `` the hell you 're not . 
 you 're afraid of me . 
 you 're afraid of staying . '' 
 i look away because he is right . 
 `` that 's different . '' 
 he does n't answer , probably because he knows that he 's right , and my excuse is just bullshit . 
 i tug my hand free and then sip my wine . 
 `` my looks are the thing that scare me the most , '' i say . 
 it 's not the kind of thing i usually share , but i want so much to be close to this man . 
 foolish , since i 'm about to leave him , but i ca n't argue with what i want . 
 his smile is sweet and genuine . 
 `` there 's nothing scary about your looks , kitten . '' 
 i return the smile because i know he 's just putting me at ease . 
 `` i know you think i 'm pretty , '' i say . 
 `` beautiful , '' he corrects . 
 `` all right . 
 i do n't mind that either because i really do believe you see me . 
 but most people ... '' i trail off with a shrug . 
 `` i used to be afraid that no one saw me at all . 
 they just saw the trappings . '' 
 i take another sip of wine . 
 `` i got hurt by a lot of guys once i realized they did n't give a crap about what was in my head . 
 they only wanted my face and my tits and my body on their arm . '' 
 he reaches for my hand , then squeezes . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i figured it out fast enough . 
 and then i turned it around . 
 turned it into a tool . 
 they never saw the real me anyway , so i finally decided that if i had it , i might as well use it . '' 
 my smile is thin . 
 `` i believe in being pragmatic . '' 
 `` maybe so , but there is no escaping reality . 
 and the reality is that you are beautiful . 
 it 's not a curse . 
 it 's not a tool . 
 i 've seen some of the pictures nikki has taken of you . 
 and captured on camera , you are truly exceptional . 
 but it 's not because you have those incredible cheekbones or the kind of mouth a guy wants to see wrapped around his cock , '' ryan says , making me smirk . 
 `` you have a light , jamie . 
 you shine . 
 you walk into a room and - '' `` how do you do that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` make me feel special . '' 
 his smile is so gentle it makes my heart swell . 
 `` maybe you are special . '' 
 he lifts his hand , and stephen comes over , this time carrying a flat , square box wrapped in silver paper . 
 `` i bought you something , '' ryan says to me . 
 he takes the box from stephen and sets it in front of me . 
 `` open it . '' 
 `` ryan . '' 
 i ca n't seem to stop grinning , and i reach for the box and pull it close . 
 it is a jewelry store box , so the top is wrapped separately from the bottom . 
 all i have to do is untie the bow and lift the lid . 
 inside , nestled in tissue paper , is the stunning silver collar . 
 and on the center loop , there now hangs a lovely silver lock . 
 ryan brushes his fingertip against the lock . 
 `` because i want to lock you up and keep you . 
 because i will always keep you locked tight within my heart . 
 take your pick , jamie . 
 both are equally true . '' 
 his words make tears prick at my eyes , so i focus only on the gift . 
 `` it 's incredible . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` will you put it on ? '' 
 i remember what we said in the store . 
 that wearing it would mean that i belong to him . 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he helps me fasten it . 
 it feels odd at first-i own a few chokers , but i do n't wear them often , but i know that i will get used to it . 
 more than that , i kind of like the fact that i feel it there against my skin . 
 it is a reminder of what i am . 
 of whose i am . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 i do n't have a mirror-i left my purse in the room-but i reach up and feel it , and i can imagine how it looks . 
 that is n't what is important anyway , and when i turn to him , i am smiling . 
 `` of course i do , '' i say . 
 `` it makes me yours . '' 
 i see the heat banked in his eyes as he brushes his hand over my cheek . 
 `` yes , '' he says . 
 `` it does . '' 
 i lean over to kiss him , but am interrupted by the arrival of the waitress with our oysters . 
 ryan looks at me , and the gleam in his eye can only be described as devilish . 
 `` i did n't think to ask , '' he says . 
 `` do you like oysters ? '' 
 `` i 've never actually had any , '' i admit . 
 `` not on the half shell , anyway . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` sad , is n't it ? '' 
 i say with a woe-is-me tone to my voice . 
 `` i 've lived such a sheltered and unadventurous life . '' 
 `` very pure , '' he says . 
 `` very sheltered . '' 
 i grin . 
 `` at any rate , it 's time to add some adventure , and i do think you 'll like them . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 `` you know i do . '' 
 and now my tone is all serious . 
 he meets my eyes , and what i see in that brilliant blue warms me . 
 `` i 'm very glad to hear it , '' he says . 
 the dozen oysters are arranged artfully on a plate surrounding a half shell full of red sauce . 
 `` open your mouth , '' he says as he dips a small spoon into the sauce , then dabs it onto an oyster . 
 `` there are stories that casanova ate fifty of these for breakfast every day , '' he adds , his voice low and steady . 
 i do as he says , opening my mouth , though i truly do n't know what to expect . 
 i trust him though . 
 more than that , i want this moment . 
 his eyes never leave mine as he raises the shell to my parted lips . 
 `` that 's it . 
 now suck , and just let it slide down your throat . 
 oh , jesus , jamie , you 're killing me , '' he adds when i do as he demands , then use the tip of my tongue to catch the last bit of sauce . 
 `` delicious , '' i whisper , but even i 'm not sure if i mean the oyster or the moment . 
 `` you do know what they say about oysters ? '' 
 ryan asks as he lifts another one to his own mouth . 
 `` why a man like casanova would want so many of them ? '' 
 `` why do n't you tell me , '' i say , though i knew perfectly well . 
 `` they say oysters are an aphrodisiac , '' he says as he takes one of his own . 
 `` do they ? '' 
 i pluck another shell up , then dab sauce on it . 
 i draw it to my mouth , then slowly suck it in as he watches , the desire on his face so sharp it 's a wonder it does n't cut me to pieces . 
 i swallow , then smile sweetly as i indicate the oysters . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i should be flattered you want to seduce me or insulted that you need so much help in order to try . '' 
 `` trust me , '' ryan says . 
 `` there 's nothing an aphrodisiac could do for me at this point that having you next to me is n't doing better . '' 
 i hear the hint of something wicked in his voice , and it sends a shiver up my spine . 
 `` i 'm very glad to hear it , '' i say . 
 he takes a sip of wine . 
 `` i want you to do something for me now . '' 
 i narrow my eyes , wary . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` take off your panties . '' 
 i lift my brows . 
 `` um , no . '' 
 he tilts his head , his expression stern . 
 `` i seem to recall coming to an agreement as to the rules . '' 
 `` my answer , '' i say , `` is still no . 
 not because i 'm feeling rebellious , but because i 'm not wearing any . '' 
 i see the flare in his eyes that tells me i 've surprised him . 
 `` oh , really . 
 well , in that case ... '' the hand that has been on my thigh moves up , and his fingers slip into that secret pocket . 
 i gasp , though , when i feel the warm touch of his fingertips against my bare thigh . 
 i turn , shocked . 
 `` what-how - ? '' 
 `` i really did n't see the point of a pocket when it was so much more convenient without that seam . '' 
 he grins wickedly . 
 `` full access . '' 
 `` but - '' with his other hand , he silences me with a finger to my lips . 
 `` spread your legs , '' he says . 
 `` we 're in a restaurant . '' 
 `` then i hope that when i make you come , you can refrain from screaming . '' 
 `` ryan , '' i say , but though my tone is a protest , my actions are not . 
 i spread my legs , and when his hand slips down and finds me already wet , already excited , ryan lets out a low whistle . 
 `` you like this as much as i do , '' he says , `` getting off in public . 
 knowing that you 're mine . 
 that i can touch you anywhere , make you come for me anywhere . '' 
 his fingers slide over me , and i am wet-so wet that there is no denying the truth of his words . 
 a waitress comes to check on our wine and asks if we 'd like to order the meal . 
 i manage a polite smile , and all the while ryan 's fingers are stroking me , dipping into me , taking me higher and higher . 
 as if to torment me , he asks her to recite the specials , and as she does , i reach under the table and clutch my own knee , trying to stifle the urge to squirm , to get his hand to move faster , tighter . 
 to take me that much further . 
 as soon as she 's gone , i round on him . 
 `` bastard ! '' 
 i snap , but he only catches my mouth in a kiss and then whispers , `` come for me . 
 come for me now , kitten , '' as he thrusts deep inside me . 
 i grab the edge of the table and stare blankly into space , willing my body not to move as the orgasm ripples through me . 
 it is as if all that energy , all that explosion , remains centered in my cunt , and my body clenches and clenches around the fingers he has thrust inside me , all secret , all hidden inside my skirt and beneath the tablecloth of this fancy , five-star restaurant . 
 `` i hate you , '' i say when i come down from the high . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` you do n't . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , then slides his hand out of my dress . 
 `` i have another present for you , '' he says . 
 i decide it is safer not to ask , and he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a coil of ribbon with a hook on the end . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` a leash , '' he says with a twinkle in his eye . 
 `` it will latch onto that loop even with the lock charm on the necklace . '' 
 i smile , feeling bold . 
 `` all right , '' i say . 
 `` attach it . 
 then lead me back to the room and fuck me properly . 
 but ryan , you work here . 
 i wonder what people will think . '' 
 `` probably that i 'm the luckiest man in vegas . 
 but you do raise a good point . '' 
 he reaches over and hooks the clip to the necklace . 
 then he lets the ribbon trail down , tucking the long end down my cleavage so that the remainder is hidden beneath my skirt . 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` people will still know . '' 
 `` let them . '' 
 i lick my lips , still aroused and more than willing to take this further . 
 `` ryan , '' i say . 
 `` how would you feel about skipping dinner ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` sweetheart , i would n't mind at all . '' 
 he waits until we are out of the elevator and walking down the hall to the penthouse to pull out the leash . 
 when he does , though , i like it . 
 there 's pleasure in belonging to him , comfort in knowing that he is there . 
 that i can rely on him . 
 go to him . 
 talk to him . 
 a twinge of regret pokes at me as i remember that this is only temporary . 
 but i push it soundly away . 
 right now , i am living only in the moment . 
 only in our arrangement . 
 i pause in the doorway despite the tug on the leash . 
 he turns to look at me , mock disapproval on his face , and i smile . 
 `` please , sir , '' i say , and watch his mouth quirk with amusement . 
 `` will you take me to the window ? '' 
 he does , and we stand together , looking out onto the brightly lit las vegas skyline . 
 `` all the women in the world , '' i begin . 
 `` you could have any of them , you know . '' 
 `` not any , '' he says . 
 `` probably just ninety percent . 
 ninety-five tops . '' 
 i smile , then sober . 
 `` you chose me . '' 
 he moves behind me , then presses his hands to my shoulders and kisses the top of my head . 
 `` no kitten , '' he says . 
 `` we chose each other . '' 
 i turn and look out the window again . 
 `` yeah , '' i say to our reflection . 
 `` we did . '' 
 i tilt my head and smile at him , then trail my fingers from the choker , down the leash , to his hand . 
 `` so now that you 've led me here , what do you intend to do with me ? '' 
 `` oh , i think we can think of something , '' he says , and then unfastens my halter and unzips the back of the dress . 
 it falls off me like so much gossamer , leaving me naked except for the silver collar , the lock , the red ribbon leash , and my three-inch heeled sandals . 
 `` that , '' he says , `` is a very pretty picture . '' 
 he gives the leash a tug , pulling me to him . 
 i stumble into his arms , laughing , then kick off the heels . 
 `` maybe i 'll just have you serve me wine and cheese like that . '' 
 `` i would . 
 but i think you can do better . '' 
 `` oh , i think i can , too , '' he says , then unclips the leash . 
 he takes the ribbon and coils it in his hands . 
 `` turn around , jamie , '' he says , and i comply willingly . 
 `` now close your eyes . '' 
 i do , and then feel the gentle brush of the ribbon as he wraps it around my eyes-once , twice , three times , until it is at least as effective as a traditional blindfold . 
 then he pulls me down , laying me out on a soft , fur rug . 
 i wait for his touch , but it does n't come . 
 at least not at first . 
 then i hear the subtle shift in the air and hear the clink of ice in a glass . 
 `` do you like bourbon , kitten ? '' 
 he asks , and when i nod , i find his finger on my lip . 
 i draw it in , suckling , and listen as the pattern of his breathing changes with his growing excitement . 
 gently , he pulls his finger away , then trails it down my belly . 
 when he gets to my navel , i arch up , surprised by the quick , cold shock of an ice cube . 
 `` you 're delicious , '' he says , and i tremble in awareness as he licks and kisses his way down the trail , then sucks at my bellybutton , the sensation making me a little crazy . 
 `` i want to make love to you , '' he says , and there is so much gentleness in his voice it seems to get into my heart and squeeze . 
 i reach for him , but he simply says , `` no , '' and i put my arms back . 
 `` not yet . 
 not until i 'm sure you 're ready . '' 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm always ready for you . '' 
 his answer is a murmur , and then he is upon me . 
 gently , sweetly . 
 hands , mouth . 
 he strokes me , plays me , touches and teases me . 
 if his goal is to turn me into nothing more than pure awareness , pure need , then he has accomplished it fully . 
 i am melting , wanting . 
 and what i want is more . 
 `` please , '' i beg . 
 `` if i ca n't see you , at least let me touch you . '' 
 gently , he lifts my hand and presses it to his chest . 
 it is bare , and i stroke lightly over the smattering of chest hair . 
 i find his back with my other hand and stroke down , delighting at the firmness of his tight , bare ass beneath my fingers . 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' he says . 
 `` i want you , kitten , and i 'm taking you now . '' 
 `` yes , '' i whisper , lifting my hips and spreading my legs . 
 i want him in me , on top of me . 
 i want to lose myself under the weight of him , to feel consumed by him . 
 he strokes me first , his fingers readying me , and i moan in pleasure and anticipation . 
 then i feel the head of his cock at my sex , the pressure of entry , and then the sweet thrill when he drives himself home . 
 we move together , anticipating touches , sharing kisses . 
 it is sensual , romantic , soft and easy . 
 he is right-we are making love , and that sweet reality makes me want to weep with joy even as much as it scares me . 
 he strokes me , bringing me higher and higher until i tremble in his arms , the orgasm rippling over me this time like waves upon a sunlit pond . 
 his coming is much more violent , and he cries my name as he finds his release , and i cling to him , urging him deeper and deeper , wanting every last bit of him . 
 we lay together , and he takes off my blindfold then smiles down at me . 
 then he pulls me close and holds me . 
 i sigh with delight and contentment . 
 and as i curl up against him , i try not to think of how much i want to stay with him , and that all of this is leading to the one inevitable conclusion-me in texas , and ryan in california . 
 chapter eleven i 'm floating on an undulating sea , rising and falling , each wave battering my body and taking me closer , closer , closer to shore . 
 the water is warm and wet , slick and sensual . 
 it moves over my naked skin . 
 teasing , seducing . 
 claiming . 
 it will suck me under , i know that , and yet i do n't care . 
 i want to drown it it , i want to go down , down , down ... `` hunter , '' i whisper as i slide out of sleep . 
 my eyes flutter open , and i look up into the dark heat of his eyes . 
 his hands are pressed into the mattress on either side of my head , supporting his body as he moves slowly , languidly inside me . 
 my body is alive-awake . 
 certainly more awake than the rest of me , though i 'm getting there fast . 
 i spread my legs wider , giving him access , silently acknowledging that he has taken me in sleep-and that i like it . 
 he thrusts harder , again and again , until finally he explodes above me , and i watch as the orgasm draws him up , and then crashes him down upon me . 
 when his breathing returns to normal , he gently brushes his lips over mine . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 i smile in return . 
 `` nice way to wake up . '' 
 `` you 're at my mercy , after all , '' he says . 
 `` and i could n't resist you naked and sprawled on your back , your legs parted , just beckoning for me . 
 you were already wet , '' he said . 
 `` wet and slick and hot before i even touched you . '' 
 `` i was dreaming of you , '' i admit . 
 `` and then i was dreaming of this . '' 
 i lick my lips , then swallow , foolishly embarrassed by what i am about to say . 
 `` i like it . 
 i want to be used . '' 
 i see the heat flare in his eyes . 
 `` do you . 
 why ? '' 
 i start to turn my head away , but he stops me with a firm finger on my chin . 
 `` why , '' he repeats . 
 `` you know , '' i say . 
 `` it 's because i 'm yours . '' 
 and then , because i have not yet had enough of him , i turn over , tucking my knees under me so that i am giving him my rear . 
 `` i 'm yours , '' i say , my voice low and meaningful . 
 i look back over my shoulder . 
 `` please . 
 i want you . 
 i want you first . '' 
 `` jamie , kitten . '' 
 his voice is raw , and there 's no mistaking the desire . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . 
 if you 've never ... without lube ... '' `` my purse , '' i say . 
 `` a holdover from my days of fucking around , '' i add , then smile when he smirks . 
 it takes him only a moment to find it , and then he is back . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i want to tell him that i do n't want to leave him . 
 that i think , just maybe , i have fallen in love with him . 
 but that is n't something i can say , and it 's not something i can give . 
 but i can give him me . 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` please , yes . '' 
 `` then come here , '' he says , pulling me up from my position on my knees . 
 he crushes his mouth against mine in a kiss that is wild and deep and crazed with passion . 
 `` i adore you , '' he says when we come up for air . 
 `` i want you . 
 hell , i want you more than i 've ever wanted any woman . 
 christ , i 'm hard again . '' 
 `` you have me , '' i say as he moves down my body , stroking and suckling my breasts , then laving my sex with quick , fluttery kisses until i am squirming , so close to bursting i can feel the hum of the approaching climax in my blood . 
 `` turn over , '' he says . 
 `` like you were , on your knees . '' 
 i comply , and his hands stroke my back , soft and sensual as if i am some fragile thing . 
 his finger trails down further , and he explores my rear , his lubed finger sliding over me , easing inside me , readying me . 
 i close my eyes , my body trembling . 
 i am not a stranger to anal play , but i have never had a man inside me . 
 i 'm glad . 
 i want to have ryan , and only ryan , and now , as he gets me slick and ready , i try to relax . 
 i concentrate on the throbbing anticipation in my cunt . 
 in the tightness of my nipples . 
 on the delicious sensitivity of my skin . 
 `` you 're ready , baby , '' he says , and i close my eyes , relaxing , opening for him as he presses his cock against my tight entrance . 
 slowly , he eases inside , and i suck in air , wanting him to stop , and yet at the same time wanting more . 
 `` am i hurting you ? '' 
 he asks as he moves slowly and deliberately . 
 `` no , '' i lie , because the pain is part of it . 
 like when he spanked my ass , the pain is mixed with pleasure , and i want it all . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 please . 
 more . 
 do n't stop . '' 
 he takes me at my word , still moving carefully , but thrusting more intensely until , finally , my body seems to welcome him , and the pain melts in to something red and silky , like a memory of pain turned to pleasure . 
 i shift my arm so that i can tease my clit , getting closer and closer along with him . 
 i come quickly , my body too aware , too ready , and every part of me clenches , drawing him in even tighter and wresting a long , low groan from him . 
 he comes after me , and when he does , he cries my name , then draws me close and holds me tight . 
 `` kitten , '' he murmurs , his lips pressed to my neck . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i ask , and his answer fills me to bursting : `` for you . '' 
 * * * * later , in the shower , he tenderly strokes my cheek . 
 `` you are amazing , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm glad you think so , '' i tease . 
 `` i feel amazing . '' 
 it 's true . 
 my body feels thoroughly fucked , deliciously used . 
 and simply having ryan beside me is pleasure enough . 
 the fact that he 's also naked adds on serious bonus points . 
 `` yeah , '' i repeat , and then kiss him . 
 `` i feel amazing . '' 
 when we get out of the shower , he is dressed and looking sinfully handsome in under fifteen minutes . 
 i take a bit longer to put together . 
 especially since today is my interview with ellison ward . 
 i spend an hour doing my makeup for the camera , then dressing , then checking myself in the mirror . 
 i 'm not naive-i know that ward is the one who will get the screen time-but i also know this gig is potentially a break for me , and i do n't want to fuck it up . 
 `` you look stunning , '' ryan says . 
 `` professional , sexy , feminine and smart . 
 all excellent qualities as far as i 'm concerned . '' 
 `` i appreciate the endorsement , '' i say , then accept his kiss , though i make him kiss me on the cheek so as to not muck up my lipstick . 
 the collar is on the counter where i left it before showering , and now i pick it up . 
 i want to wear it , but it really does n't go with my camera-ready outfit . 
 i 'm about to say that to ryan-to tell him why i 'm not wearing this gift that so moved me-when he takes it from me . 
 `` what are you - '' i begin , but he hushes me with a single press of a fingertip to my lips . 
 then he uses a small pocket knife to remove the lock from the loop on the collar . 
 he puts the necklace back , then presses the lock into my hand . 
 `` you hold the key to my heart , '' he says as i melt just a little . 
 `` keep it safe . '' 
 i nod , then put the lock gently in the pocket of my jacket . 
 the weight is minimal , but i can feel it there , and it bolsters my confidence . 
 as we are leaving the suite , a bellman arrives and hands me a valet ticket . 
 `` your ferrari , ms. archer . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say , but i 'm looking at ryan . 
 `` my guys brought it in , '' he says . 
 `` the gas gauge is still off , but the tank 's full . 
 i wanted to ask before i sent her ahead to texas , but just so you know , you 'll be driving there with me . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` perfect , '' i say . 
 what i do n't say is that it would be perfect , except for the part where we leave each other at the end . 
 i drop the valet ticket into my purse for the time being , then follow ryan to the elevator . 
 he goes with me to the interview , which is being held in ward 's penthouse suite . 
 we take the elevator to the top floor , then enter a suite that looks much like our own-only significantly more crowded . 
 my cameraman is already there , as are at least half a dozen people who must perform some function on the film , though i have no clue what . 
 another five or six people hover around a buffet that has been set up on the far side of the room , in front of the windows . 
 a few more are huddled around a table spread with papers that i think are pages of a screenplay . 
 i do not see ellison ward . 
 a harried woman with pencils sticking out of her messy , blond topknot comes hurrying over . 
 she glances at her wrist , says , `` i 'm birgit , and we 're already running late , '' even though i 'm five minutes early , and hustles me to a small sofa . 
 the cameraman leaves his post to come over and shake my hand . 
 `` leo , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll shoot ellison , and then we 'll go back and reshoot you asking the questions . 
 do n't wan na miss a chance of getting something prime on the celeb , so it works out best that way . '' 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` where is our celeb ? '' 
 beside me , birgit glances at her watch . 
 `` he better be on his way or we are going to be seriously off schedule . '' 
 she pulls a walkie-talkie off her belt . 
 `` dammit , carson , i need ellison . '' 
 `` on our way , '' comes the crackly reply . 
 a few feet behind leo , ryan leans against a pillar watching me . 
 i catch his eye and smile . 
 at that particular moment , everything feels right . 
 the job . 
 the man . 
 life in general . 
 i wish i could bottle it and keep it tight against my chest . 
 but i should know it 's too good to last because when the double doors to the connecting room open , ellison ward and his entourage emerge . 
 and there , standing right behind my subject , is bryan raine . 
 i must have reacted because ryan takes one look at my face , then turns to look behind him . 
 when he turns back to me , it 's clear that he understands . 
 his face is hard , and i am quite certain that if he could kill raine and get away with it , ryan would n't even hesitate . 
 honestly , that feels kind of nice . 
 i have no idea why raine is there-he was n't on the cast list of the movie i received-and i 'm really not up to speculating . 
 it 's bad enough that he 's hovering nearby like some huge , dark spider , just waiting to trap me and suck me dry . 
 but my fears are foolish . 
 he may have entered the room , but he does n't stay , and when i look around for him , there is no sign . 
 i say a silent thank you to fate and the universe , then shake hands with ellison ward . 
 he 's charming and polite and very properly british . 
 he puts me at ease immediately and the interview seems to sing . 
 he is honest and forthright , and i 'm able to work in both the fluff questions and also dig deeper . 
 by the time it wraps , i am feeling incredible about myself , about ellison , and about the world in general . 
 i say good-bye to ellison , then sit while leo has me run through my questions again . 
 when he 's finished , ryan approaches , and it 's all i can do not to throw myself into his arms . 
 `` you were wonderful , '' he says . 
 `` she was , '' leo agrees . 
 `` got a way with the camera , too . 
 you 're gon na do good , jamie . 
 hope we work together again . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say , then invite him to join us for a drink in the hotel bar . 
 he declines , and i 'm secretly grateful . 
 i would have been happy to have him along , but i 'm happier to have ryan all to myself . 
 `` a drink , '' he says as we ride the elevator down . 
 `` i had planned to buy you a celebratory trip to paris , but if you 'd rather have this instead ... '' i laugh , then pull him in close for another kiss . 
 i 'm still laughing when we get out of the elevator car , and my good mood lasts until we reach the middle of the lobby . 
 it fades there because bryan raine is coming right toward us . 
 `` jamie , '' he says . 
 `` sorry i did n't get the chance to say hello upstairs . 
 i 've got a part in johnson 's next movie , and he wanted me to drive in and take a look at some pages . 
 maybe we can grab a drink ? 
 catch up ? '' 
 i clutch ryan 's hand tight . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i really do n't think so . '' 
 i continue walking , holding onto ryan for support . 
 `` asshole , '' i mutter as we reach the lobby bar . 
 `` look at me , '' i say as we take a seat . 
 `` i was in a great mood , and he went and fucked it up . '' 
 `` hey , '' ryan says , giving my hand a squeeze . 
 `` forget about him . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i know . 
 you 're right . 
 shit . '' 
 i stand up again . 
 `` order me something fabulous . 
 i 'm going to run to the ladies ' room . '' 
 i take off that way , then spend the next five minutes staring at myself in the mirror and asking myself what the fuck is wrong with me . 
 when i come out , i 'm calmer-at least until i see bryan standing by hunter , looking about as trapped as a gazelle being stalked by a lion . 
 hunter says something else , and then bryan takes off like a shot , not even noticing me as he rushes past . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i say to hunter as soon as i arrive . 
 `` i told him to keep the fuck away , '' he says , then takes a sip of his scotch . 
 `` i got you a cosmopolitan . 
 it seemed like a fun treat . '' 
 i , however , am not interested in the drink . 
 `` you just sent him away ? '' 
 `` yes , '' ryan says . 
 i shake my head , a little bit baffled , a little bit angry . 
 honestly , i 'm not sure what i 'm feeling other than a little pissed off . 
 had n't i already taken care of the asshole myself ? 
 `` i do n't need you to step in to play guard dog for me , '' i say . 
 `` i dealt with the guy myself , did n't i ? 
 i 'm not one of your job responsibilities . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he says , and his tone is clipped enough that i can tell he 's irritated , too . 
 `` you 're not a job responsibility . 
 you 're the woman i love . '' 
 i freeze , his words hitting me with the force of a slap . 
 automatically , i shake my head . 
 the woman i love . 
 i want to believe it-god , how i want to believe it . 
 but it ca n't be true . 
 and even if it is ... i run my fingers through my hair . 
 `` hunter , '' i say . 
 `` hunter , do n't . '' 
 `` i love you , jamie . 
 stay . 
 do n't go to texas . 
 stay with me . '' 
 i am shaking my head , fighting to make reason take over , because if i run solely on emotion , i know i will be lost . 
 that 's the old jamie , after all . 
 the one who fucks up . 
 the one who gets all twisted around and makes a mess of her life and has to run home to mom and dad to get her head back on straight . 
 the new jamie thinks . 
 but damned if the new jamie knows what to think about this . 
 he looks blurry , and i realize that i am crying . 
 brutally , i wipe the tears away with the back of my hand . 
 how can i be so miserable , i wonder . 
 this man loves me . 
 and yet ... `` you ca n't possibly , '' i whisper . 
 `` you barely know me . '' 
 true . 
 yet was n't i falling in love with him , too ? 
 had n't i told myself that already ? 
 was n't i already trying to hide from reality ? 
 `` we barely know each other , '' i add , this time speaking to the both of us . 
 `` why does it have to take time to fall in love ? '' 
 ryan asks . 
 `` if the push is hard enough , the fall is going to be fast . '' 
 i only look at him , wanting to believe . 
 `` and has it really been that fast , jamie ? '' 
 `` we have n't even dated , '' i protest . 
 `` i 'm not the least bit interested in dating you . 
 dating suggests an exploration . 
 a process of discovery . 
 but i already know you , jamie . 
 i know you , and i want you . 
 and i love you . '' 
 he takes my hand , and for a moment all is right with the world . 
 but then i glance across the bar , across the lobby . 
 i see bryan raine arguing with a bellman , and my stomach twists as i am reminded what a mess i am . 
 raine is the epitome of what i am running from-bad decisions . 
 but how the hell do i know if ryan hunter is a good decision or a bad one ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say as i tug my hand free . 
 i want to say he is everything i have ever hoped for . 
 i want to say that i love him . 
 instead , i say , `` i have to think . 
 i 'm sorry , ryan . 
 i have to go . '' 
 chapter twelve the highway stretches out in front of me , and i keep driving , thinking that if i can just get a little farther , maybe to that next mile marker , i will figure it out . 
 but the highway always stays ahead of me , and there is always another mile marker , and i fear that i am thinking too hard . 
 what am i doing ? 
 i know the answer , of course . 
 i 'm running . 
 what i ca n't figure out is why . 
 i tell myself that i am right to leave him . 
 maybe not forever , but for a while . 
 while i get my head together . 
 while i stick with the plan . 
 because is n't the point of the plan to keep me from doing exactly what has happened with ryan-to keep me from getting twisted up with a guy ? 
 that 's true-except it 's not . 
 because ryan has n't twisted me up . 
 if anything , he 's untangled me . 
 i reach into my pocket and close my hand around the lock as tears sting my eyes . 
 what am i doing ? 
 who in their right mind runs from love ? 
 because i do love him . 
 more important , i know that he truly loves me . 
 i lift my foot off the accelerator , cringing a bit when i realize that i 've pushed the ferrari past one hundred . 
 but she really is a sweet ride . 
 i slow , planning to turn the car around and head back , but something is n't right . 
 once again , the car is making an odd noise , although this time when i listen more closely , i realize that the thwump-thwump is n't coming from the ferrari , but from somewhere outside the car . 
 frowning , i glance at the land off the shoulder . 
 it is mostly dirt , but that dirt is billowing now , blowing and blustering , forming small dirt devils that spin and spin . 
 a shadow passes over . 
 and i slam on the brakes as a sleek black helicopter with stark international emblazoned on the side lands on the shoulder ahead of me . 
 i kill the engine and race out of the car . 
 i do n't see him , not yet , but i do n't slow . 
 i know he is there . 
 i know he came for me . 
 and then there he is , jumping from the helicopter to the asphalt below . 
 he ducks to avoid the wind that the still-spinning blades are kicking up , and when he is clear , he makes a twirling motion and the helicopter ascends once again . 
 i throw myself in his arms . 
 `` you came for me , '' i say , my voice soft with wonder . 
 `` i will always come for you . '' 
 he kisses me . 
 a hard , deep kiss that claims me as his own , and that i feel profoundly all the way down to my toes . 
 even after we break the kiss , i cling to him , wanting to reassure myself that he is real . 
 `` i was about to turn around and come back . '' 
 i tilt my head up at him . 
 `` i needed to get to you . 
 to tell you . 
 i love you , too , ryan hunter . '' 
 his smile lights his eyes . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` and i found the answer , '' i add . 
 `` who is jamie ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` she 's yours , '' i say , and though i expect his answering smile , his words come as a surprise . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` she is her own . 
 but i am the man who loves her . '' 
 his words move me , and i pull him close and kiss him again . 
 `` do you still want me to take you to texas ? '' 
 he asks when we reach the car . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm going to call georgia . 
 i 'm not going to take the job . '' 
 he has opened the passenger door for me , but now he pauses and takes my chin in his hand . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` it 's a great opportunity , '' i say . 
 `` but only if i want to be in texas . 
 but i do n't want to be there . 
 i want to be in los angeles . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 i meet his eyes as i say it , and he looks back at me with so much love and tenderness i think my heart will burst . 
 `` ever since she made the offer , '' i continue , `` i 've been looking at it as a way to get back into the la market . 
 looking past the job itself and to the future . 
 but you 're my future , ryan . 
 you 're what i want . 
 and so long as i 'm with you , i can wait for the right job to come along . 
 i can - '' `` shhh , '' he says , and then crushes his mouth to mine once again . 
 `` mmm , '' i say . 
 `` i can get used to that . '' 
 `` then we 'll have to be sure to mix things up , wo n't we ? 
 would n't want life to become predictable . '' 
 `` no , we would n't . 
 you know , '' i add , still thinking about the job . 
 `` maybe i 'll suggest that i be their la correspondent . 
 i 'm pretty kick ass , you know . 
 they 'd be lucky to have me . '' 
 `` they would , '' he says . 
 `` i know i am . '' 
 across the highway there is a billboard advertising a vegas wedding chapel . 
 ryan nods toward it , then gazes down at me . 
 `` i 'm going to marry you someday , '' he says softly . 
 the words and his voice send shivers of anticipation through me . 
 and not even the slightest bit of fear . 
 `` yes , '' i say , `` you are . '' 
 and despite the fact that ours has been such a whirlwind romance it makes my head spin , i know that it is true . 
 `` but not like that , '' i say , nodding to the sign . 
 `` no , '' he agrees . 
 `` our wedding will be an event . 
 a party . '' 
 `` a celebration , '' i say , and then kiss him again simply because i have to . 
 `` i hope damien pays you well , '' i add with a laugh . 
 `` because i just spent the last few weeks doing all sorts of wedding planning with nikki , and that means i have lots of ideas . '' 
 his mouth quirks into a smile . 
 `` whatever you want , ms. archer . '' 
 `` all i want is you . '' 
 `` that works out well , then , because you have me . 
 for now , for always . '' 
 i sigh and slide into his arms , feeling loved and safe and centered . 
 behind us , the highway stretches on , but i do n't need it . 
 i know exactly where i 'm going . 
 `` i 'm going to make you very happy , '' i say . 
 `` kitten , '' he says . 
 `` you already do . '' 
