 1 the high point of my work days lately was when i saw the gorgeous stranger every morning . 
 i hurried through the lobby toward the elevators as fast as decorum and my heels would allow , passing ladders and service crews working on the old building 's antiquated electrical systems . 
 the dark haired stranger was like clockwork , arriving at the elevator at 8:20 am every day , and this morning proved no exception . 
 i jockeyed my way through the crowd until i stood close , but not conspicuously so , to the stranger and stared at the elevator doors while pretending to ignore him . 
 it was n't a game , although sometimes it felt that way . 
 men that handsome always stayed several steps outside my sphere of influence and even now as an adult that had n't changed . 
 did n't mean a girl could n't dream . 
 the doors opened and i moved with the small crowd onto the elevator , making sure my floor was pressed . 
 the old building - or `` historic '' as some liked to say instead - was in the midst of a full renovation . 
 everything was being upgraded to new , more modern settings but for now they still had the older style elevators . 
 smaller and slower than current styles , the metal box nevertheless did its job as it chugged up to the floors above . 
 i rearranged the large satchel in my arm , sliding a glance sideways and catching his eye . 
 does he know i watch him ? 
 flushing , i turned back to face forward as the elevator opened to let another string of people off to their floors . 
 my stop was still eleven floors away where i did data entry as temp work for hamilton industries . 
 the company spanned most of the upper levels but my small office and cubicle was tucked away in a forgotten corner near the middle . 
 i loved the clean cut , suited look and the dark man was always impeccably dressed in suits and ties that probably cost more than i made a month . 
 everything about him screamed high society , far out of my league , but that never stopped my fantasy life from including him . 
 the handsome stranger was part of my dreams , the face i saw when i closed my eyes for bed . 
 as i 'd had nothing between my legs not run by batteries in well over a year , my fantasies were getting pretty kinky . 
 i took a moment to think about them now and a slow smile spread across my face . 
 it did n't take much to get me going , but the image in my mind of being pushed against a wall and ravaged ... oh yeah . 
 passengers continued to disembark and as the elevator doors shut , i pulled myself out of my reverie as i realized that , for the first time , i was actually alone with the dark stranger . 
 clearing my throat nervously , i smoothed down the pencil skirt with my free hand as the old elevator began its trek up to my work . 
 breathe , lucy , just breathe . 
 desire curled in my belly , fueled by thoughts of all sorts of naughty things in elevators . 
 i wonder if this one has cameras ... i heard a faint rustle behind me , then a thick arm appeared beside me and pressed a red button on the panel . 
 immediately the elevator ground to a halt and before i could say anything twin arms appeared on either side of my head and a low voice next to my ear murmured , `` i see you on this elevator every morning . 
 your doing i take it ? '' 
 shocked into silence , i could only blink in wide-eyed confusion . 
 should i pinch myself ? 
 is this really happening ? 
 the cool metal against my suddenly hard and sensitive nipples elicited a breathy moan as i was pressed against the elevator doors by a hard body behind me . 
 `` what , '' i started , immediately forgetting whatever i was going to say as i felt his hard length press against my hip . 
 `` i can smell your arousal , '' he growled , that low sexy voice making my stomach tighten . 
 `` every morning you get on this elevator and i can smell your need . '' 
 one hand moved down and entwined with mine as he dipped his head toward my neck . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 my mind went blank for a moment , forgetting the simplest of answers . 
 oh god , that voice is pure sex , i thought wildly , lifting my hands to brace against the hard surface before me . 
 it was low and had a lilt i could n't place , and my chest grew tight with need . 
 `` lucy , '' i finally managed , my brain short circuiting . 
 `` lucy , '' he repeated , and i drew in a shaky breath hearing my name said in that too-sexy voice . 
 `` i need to see if you taste as good as you smell . '' 
 there was no request for permission in his voice only an implacable demand , and i rolled my head sideways to allow him access . 
 his lips slid across the soft skin behind my ear , tongue flicking out to touch me ; his teeth nipped the lobe and i moaned , pressing back against him . 
 he rotated his hips and my breathing sped up , needy pants a staccato in the silence . 
 `` god you 're so fucking hot . '' 
 his hand trailed down the side of my body , across my hip and down my thigh until he found the hem of my skirt . 
 his hand then retraced its steps back up , skimming lightly across the smooth skin of my inner thigh , pulling the material of my skirt up toward my hips . 
 unthinking , i spread my legs to give him access and gasped loudly as fingers slid along the outside of my soaked panties , pressing against my aching core . 
 was this really happening ? 
 my body bucked , trapped between the metal doors and the hot body behind me . 
 it was like every fantasy i 'd ever had was being played out in person , and i was helpless to stop my conditioned response . 
 his fingers pulsed , sliding across my clit with increasing frequency , and my hips moved of their own volition , craving more of his touch . 
 i cried out when his teeth sank into my shoulder , then his fingers slid beneath the thin cotton and lace and stroked my wet skin , pulling at my tender opening in a way that had me moaning loudly inside the elevator . 
 `` come for me , '' he murmured in his low vin diesel voice , lips and teeth running along the exposed line of my neck and shoulder . 
 his fingers pushed deep inside , thumb flicking my hard nub , and with a strangled cry i came hard . 
 my forehead rested against the hard steel of the door as i shuddered , suddenly boneless . 
 below the numbered panel to my right , a telephone rang out . 
 i stiffened in shock , the blaring tones cutting through the murky haze . 
 lust gave way to mortification and i pushed against the door to free myself . 
 the dark stranger stepped back , allowing me space , and pressed the red button again . 
 i hastily rearranged my clothing as the elevator chugged back up the shaft ; a few seconds later the telephone stopped ringing . 
 `` you taste even better than i imagined . '' 
 i turned , helpless against that voice , to see him licking his fingers . 
 the look he gave me made my knees weak but the ringing phone had woken me up and i fumbled blindly for the floor buttons , pressing every button within my reach . 
 this seemed to only amuse him but when the doors opened onto an empty hallway two floors below mine i stumbled out . 
 no people were in sight on this floor , to my relief - i was n't sure i could take more attention right then . 
 a quick whistle behind me drew my attention and i turned to see the stranger pick up my satchel and hold it out to me . 
 it had slid out of my arms , forgotten , to the floor while we were ... i cleared my throat and took it with as much dignity as i could muster . 
 he smiled , the simple expression changing his entire countenance . 
 i stared , dumbstruck at his utter gorgeousness , as he winked at me . 
 `` i 'll see you again , '' he said as the elevator doors shut , stranding me temporarily on the lower floor . 
 i took a deep breath and fumbled with my clothing , tucking my blouse into my waistband with shaky fingers . 
 my panties were a lost cause - i 'd have a wet spot on my dress all day if i continued to wear them . 
 focusing on that and not the growing embarrassment at my actions , i searched and found a bathroom next to the elevator to clean myself up . 
 a few minutes later , clean but vulnerable without any underwear , i took the stairs up two flights to my floor . 
 the halls to my area were packed with last minute arrivals and i made it to my office without any problems . 
 i was a minute late clocking in on the computer but nobody seemed to care as i got right to work , drowning myself in my job to try and forget my shocking display earlier . 
 2 the day passed in a jumble . 
 no matter how i tried to focus on my work , i could n't make myself concentrate . 
 i found it necessary to double , then triple check my work to make sure i 'd done it right . 
 the temp data entry assignments i was given were tedious and brainless , but nevertheless i kept messing them up . 
 my mind would flash back to the elevator , the handsome stranger and the first semi-public orgasm i ever had , and when i got back on track i could n't remember what lines i 'd entered onto the computer . 
 this is so unlike me . 
 i 'd always been a sexual creature but never the type who knew what to do about it . 
 the boys never asked me out ; i was n't invited to parties or the like even in college . 
 the few boyfriends i 'd had , if they could be called that , had n't stayed around long . 
 my life at the moment was boring , mostly out of necessity - college loans did n't pay themselves , and living near the city made things even tighter - but i could n't find much connection with most men . 
 they wanted to go party , i wanted to read ; they were sports illustrated , i was national geographic . 
 dating , while the least of my worries at the moment , was definitely not a strong point . 
 despite my attempts to forget the whole situation in the elevator , by lunch i desperately wanted my vibrator and a swift kick in the rear . 
 my actions and instant response to the stranger were troublesome , no matter my fantasy life . 
 it could n't happen again no matter how much i may want a repeat . 
 i needed this job , no matter how monotonous , and i could n't afford any more distractions . 
 but my job did n't require much brain power to begin with and i kept remembering how soft his lips were , and how his teeth across the skin of my neck sent shivers down my spine . 
 his large hands had held a dual promise of strength and tenderness and my body refused to forget that . 
 it was a long day . 
 barely managing to get my quota of files archived and turned in by the end of the day , i contemplated taking the stairs down the fourteen flights but finally opted for the elevator which i made sure was stranger-free . 
 i cut through the underground parking garage while the bulk of the crowd headed for the taxis out front . 
 few people were able to park under the building , certainly not a new temp even if they did have a car , but it was a much faster route to the subway station two streets behind the building and nobody had told me walking across it was off limits . 
 i headed down the single flight of steps and out into the chill afternoon air of the underground garage . 
 the squeal of tires came from somewhere in the multilevel complex but i saw nobody else , just lines of cars . 
 rubbing my arms , the bite in the air promising cold temperatures as soon as the sun set , i turned toward the guard shack , wishing i 'd brought something to slip over my arms . 
 it was late spring but the weather had taken a colder turn over the last few days and i was n't dressed appropriately . 
 someone grabbed my arm and jerked me sideways into the shadows beside me . 
 before i could make a sound a hand clapped over my mouth , and i was dragged back into a small alcove half-hidden from the rest of the garage reserved for motorcycles . 
 i struggled but the arms holding me were implacable , like iron across my body . 
 `` i did tell you i would see you soon . '' 
 the voice was familiar and deep , and i recognized it immediately . 
 it had been running through my head all day long in fantasies i 'd tried in vain to stamp out . 
 as soon as i heard his voice a wave of relief washed over me , followed quickly by a confused anger . 
 why on earth do i trust him ? 
 frustrated by my own apparent stupidity , i stomped down as hard as i could on the instep of the stranger 's leg . 
 he grunted but did n't release me , instead spinning me and pressing me up against the cold concrete wall . 
 his body molded itself to my back , hands holding my wrists against the concrete . 
 `` you can fight , '' he murmured , running his lips along the back of my ear . 
 `` i like that . '' 
 his casual dismissal annoyed me . 
 i threw my head back trying to hit him in the face but he ducked out of the way with a chuckle . 
 another attempt to stomp his feet with my pump was foiled when his leg snaked between mine , pinning them in place . 
 the fingers around my wrist , softer than iron manacles but no less firm , set fire to my skin without giving me any room to move . 
 `` let me go or i 'll scream , '' i said in an even voice , trying to turn my head to catch his eye . 
 it frustrated the hell out of me that i was neither afraid nor as angry as i knew i should be ; the man was once again prompting the wrong feelings for the situation . 
 i had to be brain damaged if i thought i could trust the man when i did n't even know his name ! 
 he ran his face along the lines of my hair , taking a deep breath and making an appreciative rumble deep in his throat . 
 `` i could n't stop thinking about you all day , '' he murmured , not acknowledging my threat . 
 his thumbs made light circles on my wrists and my body clenched at the almost tender motion . 
 `` how quickly you responded to me , your smell , your taste . '' 
 i swallowed , trying to ignore the sudden flutter in my belly . 
 no , i thought desperately , i ca n't be turned on by this . 
 the sight of him looming over me however , his hard hot body pressing against my back , was making my head whirl and limbs ache to wrap around him . 
 dammit . 
 `` let me go , '' i said between grit teeth , trying to ignore my body 's traitorous reactions . 
 `` this is wrong , i do n't want ... '' he laid a soft kiss on the skin behind my ear as i trailed off , a stark contrast to the unbreakable grip he held on my wrists . 
 my breath caught in my throat as lips and teeth dragged down my neck as his hips rolled against my backside , his hard length sliding along the crease of my backside . 
 `` i would never take a woman who does n't want me , '' he murmured , moving to whisper in my other ear . 
 `` say ` no ' and i will leave you alone forever . '' 
 he ran his lips down the side of my throat , giving my shoulder a gentle bite as he waited for my answer . 
 by now i was shaking , but not in any kind of fear or distress . 
 when one of his hands left my wrist and skimmed along the underside of my arm i did n't move , reveling in the sensations his touch produced through my body . 
 his hand moved up the back of my thigh under my skirt , fingernails raking the skin , and a finger slid between the firm lobes of my backside . 
 he gave a growl , squeezing my butt with both hands and spreading the cheeks , then pressed between with the hard bulge still locked behind his pants . 
 a moan slipped from my mouth as i arched my hips back , using the wall as leverage to get closer . 
 the hands left my backside and i was flipped around to face him . 
 i had a brief close-up glimpse of a familiar handsome face and green eyes , then his lips crashed against mine in the hottest kiss of my life . 
 i responded , arching closer so i was flush against his body . 
 i moved my hands across his torso , sliding beneath the suit coat against the silky shirt , but he grabbed my hands and stretched them high above my head . 
 a leg between my thighs pulled me higher and i ground my hips , rubbing myself against the rock hard thigh . 
 breathy moans escaped my lips as he moved his mouth lower , sucking and nibbling on the sensitive skin of my neck . 
 `` i want to feel your mouth on me , '' he murmured , gliding his lips up my neck and jaw line . 
 `` i want to see you on your knees , that perfect mouth around my cock ... '' this time when i tried to free myself he did n't stop me , instead stepping back and setting me on my feet . 
 my hands went immediately to his waistband , sliding down the zipper . 
 he reached down to help me , and as he pulled his member free of the pants i sank down on my heels and flicked the tip with my tongue . 
 he tasted clean , and the sharp intake of breath above told me he liked what i was doing . 
 his need was my own - i felt a fresh wave of heat between my legs as i moved my head forward , sucking the head deep . 
 `` god ! '' 
 his body shuddered at the exclamation and , suddenly bolder , i wrapped a hand around the thick base and pulled him farther into my mouth . 
 my tongue rolled along the base and flicked the tip , then i started bobbing my head over the thick member . 
 his hips jerked , thrusting in time with my mouth ; a hand came to rest behind my head , pulling insistently , but i controlled the pace . 
 i undid the button of his pants and reached inside , cupping his balls with my free hand . 
 he shook above me , dick jumping in appreciation , then both hands dug into my skull , pulling me closer and silently demanding more , deeper . 
 this time i obliged , releasing the base and pulling him as far in as i could , bobbing and weaving my head and tongue . 
 my free hand slid down between my legs , gliding through my wet folds and pressing against the throbbing nub . 
 `` are you touching yourself ? '' 
 i heard him grit out above me . 
 the thrust into my mouth grew more frenzied as i sped up my own ministrations , the hard length in my mouth muffling my own cries . 
 the stranger was silent for the most part , but the few moans he did let free when i swirled my tongue or massaged the tip with the back of my throat were gratifying to hear . 
 part of my brain , a very small part , was wondering what on earth i was doing but i tuned it out . 
 i had gone far too long without anyone noticing me ; even my coworkers ignored me . 
 so for a man this beautiful to see me , let alone approach in any fashion , was a heady notion . 
 i did n't allow myself to wonder why he chose me or what would happen next - right now i only wanted to feel . 
 fingers dug into my scalp and my own orgasm rushed to meet me even as his balls contracted , close to their own finale . 
 hands pushed me away , back against the concrete wall , and i disengaged with a surprised pop . 
 the man before me bent down and wound his arms around my torso ; i was lifted into the air and thrust back against the wall , a hard body settling between my legs . 
 i turned startled eyes to the handsome stranger 's face , only inches now from mine , then i felt his member probing my entrance . 
 he pressed inside and i bit back a cry from the intense pleasure . 
 muscles that had n't seen action in too long were stretched , my own juices giving him an easy entrance . 
 his lips crushed mine , swallowing my cries as he pounded me back into the concrete wall . 
 the orgasm i 'd been coaxing along with my fingers rocketed to the surface with the rubbing and stretching and grinding . 
 my scream was caught by the stranger 's lips as i came hard , waves of pleasure rolling through my body . 
 i kissed him wildly , nipping at his lips and raking my fingernails down the jacket arms of his suit . 
 my response brought out a similar wildness in him and he pounded into me , releasing my mouth and latching onto my shoulder with his teeth . 
 my cries , fainter now after the orgasm , still echoed off the walls in the small alcove . 
 he gasped against my skin , then he pulled out and came on the ground beneath me , his free hand rubbing out the last of his orgasm . 
 sandwiched between his hot body and the hard concrete , i finally noticed the chill of the cold stone and the sound of cars deep inside the complex making their way toward the exit . 
 the chill against my wet thighs served as a wake-up call to what i had allowed to happen ; i pressed feebly against the hard shoulders , my body still limp from my orgasm . 
 the stranger stepped back , still supporting my weight with large hands beneath my backside , then slowly lowered me to the floor . 
 i wobbled in my heels , gripping his arm for support before stepping away . 
 the enormity of what i had just done - again - sent my mind reeling . 
 i began shivering , only partly from the cold , then jumped as something warm and heavy was draped over my shoulders . 
 i glanced up briefly at the now jacket-less stranger but was unable to utter any words of thanks . 
 he helped hold it for me as i pulled the dress coat slowly over my arms . 
 while not a cold weather jacket , it remained warm from his body and cut the worst of the chill which helped immensely . 
 `` let me take you home . '' 
 the moment i heard the words i shook my head , stepping away from him . 
 my body burned with shame and i could n't bear to look at him . 
 `` i need to catch the train , '' i mumbled . 
 a finger came under my chin and tilted my head up until i was looking into that handsome face . 
 his face was impassive but i could see concern in his beautiful green eyes . 
 `` please , '' he said softly . 
 my body still responded to his touch ; i wanted to lay my cheek against the rough skin of his hand . 
 tears pricked my eyes at the silly sentiment - was i really so desperate ? 
 - and i stepped back again , pulling from his grip . 
 clearing my throat and forcing myself not to act like a simpering twit , i looked him in the eye . 
 `` i need to catch the train . '' 
 keeping my head high even as shame made me want to crawl away and hide , i started walking away then faltered . 
 `` your jacket , '' i murmured and started to shrug out of it . 
 he held up a hand to stop me . 
 `` keep it . '' 
 a bemused smile flickered across his lips and it seemed for a moment i had his full attention ... and approval . 
 `` you need it more than i do right now . '' 
 the air was chilly and i knew i looked a mess ; the coat hung on me but at that moment i needed the cover . 
 murmuring my thanks i walked quickly out of the alcove and started toward the exit . 
 i lifted a shaky hand to my head ; my hair was loose but seemed to be in order . 
 i 'd need to find a mirror quickly as i was certain i looked a fright . 
 i heard the sound of a car pulling up behind me and stopping . 
 against my better judgment i glanced back to see a chauffeur step out of a long black limousine and open the passenger door , and the handsome stranger duck inside . 
 i stood there , staring like an idiot , as the driver closed the door then pulled out toward the exit . 
 the windows of the car were tinted so i could n't see inside as it passed by me , and i watched as my erstwhile ride pulled past the guards and out into the loud traffic outside . 
 who on earth was this man ? 
 i wondered , then shut off that line of thought and headed out of the empty garage . 
 i pulled into a nearby cafe and locked myself inside the bathroom to clean myself up . 
 fifteen minutes later i ducked back out , my satchel hanging by its strap over a bare arm and the dress coat draped over the bag . 
 i caught a later train than usual but most of that time was a haze , my brain repeating one thought over and over again . 
 what the hell was i doing ? 
 3 the next morning , i arrived at work half an hour early and made sure the elevator i took did not contain the stranger . 
 nervous as i was that someone might comment on my actions the previous day , it was a relief to be ignored as usual by the people around me . 
 the building at that hour held a fraction of its usual occupants but i hurried to my desk to avoid any unwanted conflicts with certain green-eyed individuals . 
 i 'd spent most of my evening and night trying to figure out whether or not i should go to work the next morning . 
 the recklessness and downright stupidity of my actions haunted me all night , making me go so far as to question my sanity . 
 this is n't who i am . 
 i 'd never been so thoughtless about my actions and a desperate libido was n't answer enough for me . 
 i 'd started searching out job opportunities , something i could turn to if my present situation went sour , but the market was as tough as ever . 
 the proper half of my brain demanded i quit and leave this job , but the logical portion maintained i needed the money . 
 rent on my tiny studio apartment was coming due and i had no other options at the moment unless i wanted to live on the streets . 
 oh lucy , how far you 've fallen . 
 once i got to my desk i spent my time on work that avoided me having to log into the computer as i did n't want my early arrival noticed by management . 
 my coworkers arrived , chatting amongst themselves as they passed by my tiny cubicle , but i stayed in my little corner for most of the day , content to be ignored . 
 the day went by uneventfully until almost four in the afternoon when my boss poked her head around the walls of my desk . 
 `` follow me please , ms. delacourt . '' 
 my manager 's presence startled me . 
 i saw her almost every day but , after my initial interview , she had all but ignored my presence in the office . 
 that she chose now to talk to me had the world spinning and my stomach curling into knots . 
 her tone brooked no argument however and with a hurried , `` yes ms. crabtree , '' and a brief pause to get myself together , i pulled myself up on trembling legs and followed after her . 
 she bypassed her office door and strode out the door of our office section to the hall outside . 
 i followed after her silently , afraid to ask what this was about for fear of learning the whole building knew about my sexcapades the day before . 
 i could think of no other reason i 'd be called out , and i doubt they 'd take me out of my section simply to fire me . 
 we rode the elevator silently up another four stories . 
 my manager never once spoke to me and was impossible to read - not that i tried too hard , afraid of what i 'd find . 
 the moment the elevator doors opened however i knew i was in an entirely different world . 
 gone were the lifeless narrow corridors : the elevator opened into a wide passage lined with dark wood paneling that had the company name `` hamilton '' in bold letters across the wall . 
 the wide entryway led toward a reception desk in the opening of a large open room . 
 office doors lined the walls and two large glass-encased conference rooms on either corner of the large area . 
 there was a rich old world sense about everything , dark woods and gold accents mixing with modern lighting and artwork . 
 `` mr. hamilton is expecting us , '' my boss said to the lady at the desk , who nodded and picked up a phone as we passed . 
 i stumbled at her words , my legs suddenly refusing to work . 
 why are we in the corporate section of the building ? 
 i 'd never read up on the company ; it was a temp job , meant to be only a short-term employment gig , but i knew this was n't any kind of business floor . 
 it had a donald trump feel , more a reception area than an office . 
 there was no way however that they 'd send me here if they knew what i 'd done . 
 confusion and trepidation continued to climb as i followed behind my supervisor at a cautious distance . 
 she headed toward one of the offices and knocked before poking her head inside . 
 `` mr. hamilton will see you now , '' she said , motioning for me to go enter . 
 i stood there , staring mutely at my manager for a moment , then slowly moved toward the door . 
 i gave her one last confused glance as i walked through , then came to a halt inside as renewed horror washed over me . 
 oh no , no no no ... `` thank you agatha , that will be all for now . '' 
 nodding once , my supervisor pulled the door beside me closed as i stood , aghast , inside the large office . 
 my mouth worked soundlessly as i stared at the familiar figure sitting behind the desk . 
 my eyes fell to the name plate on the desk . 
 `` jeremiah hamilton , '' i said , body numb with shock . 
 the dark haired man behind the desk raised cool eyes to appraise me . 
 `` ms. delacourt , '' he said in reply , gesturing to a chair in front of his desk . 
 `` please take a seat . '' 
 my heartbeat sped up as i heard his voice , confirming my worst fears . 
 unable to speak , i moved to the chair he 'd motioned me toward , movements jerky and hesitant , and sat down . 
 he ignored me , running through something on his tablet in his hand . 
 as we sat in strained silence i glanced around the large office . 
 windows covered the back wall behind the desk and ceo from ceiling to floor , giving a panoramic view of the streets below . 
 the desk was a dark wood and sturdy , covered sparsely with a laptop computer , the name plate , and a newton 's cradle , the steel balls unmoving . 
 the chair i sat in was plush and thick with rolling castors at the bottom making it easy to move around . 
 `` ms. lucille delacourt , '' the stranger said , startling me . 
 jeremiah hamilton , i reminded myself , still unable to get my brain around my current situation . 
 `` currently a temp data clerk out of the executive management solutions employment agency , hired one month ago by agatha crabtree . 
 correct so far ? '' 
 at my jerky nod he continued . 
 `` i see you used your passport as identification . '' 
 he glanced up at me . 
 `` passport ? '' 
 talking was difficult with a suddenly dry mouth but i still tried . 
 `` i always carry it with me . '' 
 a raised eyebrow and expectant expression probed for more information but i only shrugged , words failing me . 
 there was a moment of silence before he resumed speaking . 
 `` grew up in upstate new york , went three years to cornell university before dropping out . 
 menial jobs since then and you moved to the city three months ago . 
 why did you drop out ? '' 
 his words washed right over me ; it was the pause that had me looking up into his expectant face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , completely missing the question . 
 `` why , '' he repeated , `` did you drop out of college , ms. delacourt ? '' 
 his tone demanded an answer but it was complicated and personal , bringing up memories i still dealt with nearly three years later . 
 the question was an invasion of my privacy and i knew i did n't legally have to answer , but i found my lips moving anyway . 
 `` my parents died . '' 
 there was a long pause this time as i stared at my hands , trying not to cry - a difficult task , given the nerve-wracking situation i 'd gotten myself into . 
 would they be ashamed of where i am now ? 
 i wondered , swallowing back tears . 
 they had sacrificed so much to let me get ahead , most of which i had n't discovered until after their death and i was forced to live with their choices . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss , '' jeremiah said after a long moment of silence while i struggled to regain my composure . 
 he cleared his throat , and i glanced up to see him sit back in his chair . 
 `` what brought you down to jersey city ? '' 
 i thought i detected a note of concern in his voice but still could n't bring myself to look at him . 
 even though the question was personal and none of his business , i still answered . 
 `` i lost my family 's house and had to move , an old college friend said i could live with her . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 jeremiah scratched his chin for a moment , then sat back in his chair . 
 `` do you know why i 've asked you to come , ms. delacourt ? '' 
 it was the question i dreaded and could n't possibly answer . 
 swallowing , i raised my head to meet his green eyes but my courage failed me . 
 `` no ? '' 
 i replied , more a question than an answer . 
 he opened his mouth to say something , paused , then tried again . 
 `` let me tell you how your day would have gone today prior to our meeting . '' 
 he folded his arms on the table before continuing . 
 `` you would have worked until half an hour before closing , when mrs. crabtree would have called you into her office . 
 she would have explained that your temp work contract was terminated and today was your last day . 
 you would be given your last pay check and escorted out of the building . '' 
 for the second time that morning , the bottom dropped out from under my feet . 
 `` you 're firing me ? '' 
 i asked in a faint voice , unable to believe my own words . 
 anger bubbled up at the unfairness of my life . 
 `` is this because we ... '' jeremiah held up a hand to stop my words and shook his head . 
 `` the decision on the layoffs has been planned for a month now , we no longer need most of the temps in your department . '' 
 his eyes narrowed as he added , more to himself , `` i signed the directive earlier this week before i knew who you were . '' 
 `` nobody 's hiring right now , '' i whispered , forgetting my looking for another job was supposed to be secret . 
 no reason to hide that now . 
 the anger was difficult to sustain as i realized i 'd have to weather another blow after so many in my life recently . 
 `` i looked at your file and you did good work , '' jeremiah continued as i stared , numb , at the top of his desk . 
 `` we would give you an excellent recommendation for any future job inquiries . '' 
 at a loss for words , unable to think what to say , i looked up and stared at the ceo . 
 `` why did you tell me this ? '' 
 i mumbled . 
 `` why bring me up here ? '' 
 `` because i have another offer for you , a job if you 're interested . 
 i 'm in need of a personal assistant . '' 
 i blinked several times , taken by surprise by the offer . 
 i peered into his face but it was like granite ; i could n't tell at all what he was thinking . 
 suspicion curled in my belly as i asked , `` what kind of personal assistance ? '' 
 `` anything i want . '' 
 i took a deep breath at the words , my mind taking me to all sorts of places within that phrase . 
 he could n't mean , surely he 's not implying what i think . 
 but something in his eyes , despite the relaxed business demeanor , implied it was exactly what i was imagining . 
 his gaze promised all sorts of wicked things - or maybe it was my mind trying to make my fantasies a reality . 
 i needed to be sure . 
 `` about yesterday , when we , um ... '' jeremiah leaned forward and rested a strong chin on his fingers . 
 `` yes , '' he said simply , the one word answering all my questions . 
 i tried to get indignant at the proposition , tried to find some way to protest and maintain some shred of dignity , but i was too practical . 
 right now i desperately needed a job and here was an offer , and i could n't afford to let it pass not knowing when i might get another . 
 that did n't mean , however , that i was just going to say yes . 
 `` what are you offering ? '' 
 i demanded , raising my chin and hoping he did n't see the flush that suffused my body . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm actually considering this ! 
 a slow smile tipped one corner of his mouth . 
 `` full benefits , a raise in pay , and all travel expenses paid . '' 
 he wrote something on a small post-it note and passed it over to me . 
 `` this should be sufficient for a starting salary . '' 
 the sum on the note made me faint - i could have my student loans paid off in only a few months , and have more than enough money to go back to college within a year . 
 my jaw would n't work as i fumbled for words , unable to think of what to say . 
 it 's an opportunity , part of me insisted while another part , the one that usually sounded like my parents , screamed at me to run ! 
 i sat in silence a moment , pondering my options , then drew in a shaky breath . 
 `` i want this in writing . '' 
 something told me that had n't been the answer he was expecting ; he cocked his head sideways and his eyes crinkled , the only sign i saw of humor . 
 that gorgeous face remained otherwise stoic as he nodded . 
 `` very well , '' he said , `` but first i need to interview you further for this position . '' 
 he leaned forward and set his chin on steepled fingers . 
 `` stand up , bend down and put your elbows on the desk . '' 
 4 i froze , the earlier phrase anything i want echoing through my head . 
 after a tense moment where i warred with myself and lost , i rose to my feet and moved toward the desk , bending down to place my elbows along the edge of the dark wood . 
 nervous , i watched jeremiah as he stood and came around the desk . 
 `` stay like this until i tell you to move again . 
 how many words can you type a minute ? '' 
 the question surprised me , but i 'd been drilling myself lately on questions for job hunting and knew the answer . 
 `` eighty . '' 
 `` what are your strengths and weaknesses ? '' 
 he disappeared behind me , breaking my concentration . 
 i could turn my head to see him but kept my gaze on the desk as i answered the commonplace interview question . 
 `` attention to detail , and dedication to get a job done no matter what . '' 
 a chuckle came from behind me at the obviously rehearsed answer . 
 `` where do you see yourself in five years ? '' 
 i started to reply but was startled into silence as a hand slid up my thigh , sneaking beneath my skirt and over my ass before pulling away . 
 i swallowed , my breath ragged , but still managed to respond . 
 `` finishing law school preferably , or in a job i love . '' 
 that got me a `` hm '' but silence otherwise . 
 my pulse increased and i closed my eyes , trying to keep myself under control . 
 it was just like on the elevator - one touch and i was lost , my body craving his contact . 
 `` what would you consider your dream job ? '' 
 fingers slid between my thighs , running along the thin cotton of my panties , and a moan escaped my mouth . 
 my hips pressed down seeking more contact but again the hand disappeared and i bit back a groan . 
 the respite allowed me to gather my thoughts to answer , although it was difficult . 
 `` some place where i mattered and helped people . '' 
 `` good answer , '' he murmured , then the hand was back pressing at the soft flesh between my legs , turning me into a writhing mess . 
 my palms pressed down on the desk , nails digging into the cool wood as i felt a rush of heat in my belly . 
 a hand smoothed over my back and down one hip as the fingers continued to tease and torment me . 
 i kept my trembling arms on the desk as something hard pressed against my backside . 
 the fingers finally moved beneath the panties and pressed inside me , sliding easily along the wet folds . 
 i choked on another cry , trying and failing for silence . 
 `` my office is sound proof and the door is locked , '' he murmured , answering a question i had n't thought to ask . 
 fingers penetrated deep inside me , causing my body to quake . 
 `` before we go any further however we need to get rid of these . '' 
 the thin cotton panties i wore were pulled down my legs and without questioning i stepped out from them as they hit the floor . 
 a shoe pressed against the inside of my foot , widening my stance as his hips pushed against my backside . 
 the fingers between my legs never let up their exploration ; my breathing was rough as jeremiah lifted the skirt to bunch at my waist , his bulge thrusting against my backside . 
 his thumb , which had previously been massaging the hard bud between my legs , slid back to my rear opening . 
 i surged forward in shock , the desk and his hips holding me prisoner as the thumb eased around the tight hole . 
 the idea of a man being interested back there had never occurred to me ; i was n't so naive as to be ignorant of the idea , but it had never come up before . 
 thinking proved difficult however as he continued to manipulate my body until i was trembling with need . 
 lips pressed against my neck . 
 `` eventually , '' he purred in that deep voice , the word a promise , as he caressed the opening once more then moved his thumb back to my clit . 
 by now nearly every breath was a moan as i tilted my hips up , desperately needing to be filled . 
 his fingers teased and tormented but never let me fall over into orgasm . 
 something shifted behind me ; jeremiah lowered his body along my bare bottom , then teeth grazed the skin over one buttock as hands spread my cheeks . 
 before i could even comprehend what was coming , i felt for the first time in my life a tongue against my most intimate of places , licking up the crease then pushing inside my weeping opening . 
 i surged forward against the desk with another loud cry , and could n't stop myself from making another as he controlled my body 's responses with tongue and fingers . 
 the unfamiliar and exotic feel , unlike anything i 'd ever experienced before with my limited activities , pushed me over the edge . 
 i came loudly , my nails scratching against the hard surface of the desk and my body bucking uncontrollably . 
 i laid my head on my hands as i heard the crinkle of the condom wrapper , then a moment later the hard length of his cock slid between my ass cheeks . 
 the fingers were pulled out only to be replaced by a thick presence that forced its way inside my tight opening . 
 i moaned again as he pushed inside , one thick arm reaching around my waist and pulling me tight against his body . 
 he pressed me down against the desk as he slid out then in , stretching and electrifying the tender skin . 
 still riding the wave of my orgasm , his movements left me panting and frantic , pushing back against him wildly . 
 `` fuck , you 're so hot , '' he murmured in my ear as he thrust hard , earning another cry from me . 
 i braced myself against the edge of the dark wood as he pounded into me , his thrusts shaking my entire body . 
 one hand lifted to my neck , tilting my head back against his shoulder and partially restricting my breathing ; it did n't stop the breathy moans i made as another wave washed over me and my body shuddered for the second time in as many minutes . 
 my head fell to the side and teeth grazed my neck , running along the line of my shoulder as his hand pulled away the material of my blouse . 
 the soft feel of his lips across my skin was a direct contrast to the hard pumps of his hips , but i reveled in the experience , allowing him to set and control the pace . 
 two orgasms left my body limp , drained from the experience , but jeremiah held me up easily in strong arms . 
 i arched myself back against him even though my skin was almost too sensitive for his thrusts , the pleasure too much . 
 like before , his teeth sank into my shoulder as he shuddered , his hard thrusts almost lifting me from the floor . 
 he let out a ragged grunt and with one last stab he shook against my back , coming inside me . 
 the hand around my neck released and blood rushed to my head again , making me dizzy . 
 he laid me carefully atop the desk , resting his hard body atop mine as we both struggled to catch our breath . 
 after a moment he pulled out and stepped away , leaving me alone against the cool wood . 
 it took a moment before i finally became aware of how exposed i was , but i still spent another minute catching my breath before i lowered my skirt . 
 i was wet enough that sitting in the chair would stain my skirt so i wobbled on my heeled pumps , using the desk as a brace . 
 `` that wraps up this interview . 
 by the way , you 're hired . '' 
 still breathing hard , i turned my head to look over at jeremiah hamilton standing at a small coffee bar on one side of the office . 
 his suit and dress pants were back in place , as impeccable as if nothing had just happened . 
 the look on his face was probing and inquisitive , but i could n't tell what he thought to discover . 
 i tried to feel shame , anger , outrage at my wanton actions and his taking advantage of my situation , but all i could come up with was a deep exhaustion and sense of security . 
 i am so screwed . 
 a hand at my elbow turned me gently , and a glass of water was pressed into my hands . 
 `` go clean yourself up , '' jeremiah said as i took a sip of the cool liquid , his voice as soft as i 'd yet heard . 
 `` i 'll make arrangements and we can leave once you 've come back . '' 
 my brain was n't firing on all cylinders so i thought perhaps i had missed something . 
 `` arrangements for what ? '' 
 `` you said you carry your passport with you ? '' 
 i blinked , back to being confused . 
 an odd question . 
 `` um , yes , i do ? '' 
 he nodded as if that answered everything . 
 `` perfect . 
 then you 'll come with me today and can serve as my escort . '' 
 i took another sip of the water , still baffled by the direction of this conversation . 
 `` your escort where ? '' 
 `` paris . 
 we leave in an hour . '' 
