 chapter 1 wyndi carmichael held her breath as the shockingly tall , scary man walked into the cheap , greasy restaurant down by the docks . 
 he sat down at a table in her section , picked up the plastic covered menu and surveyed the options . 
 he definitely did n't `` fit '' with the normal crowd that patronized this greasy spoon diner . 
 she watched him carefully , instantly suspicious as she wiped her hands nervously down the not-terribly-clean red apron tied around her waist . 
 the man was tall and elegant , with a spooky sort of power emanating from him . 
 his black eyes surveyed the restaurant like he owned it , as well as all of the other patrons . 
 his hawk-like nose and straight jaw added more than a touch of danger to his appearance . 
 there was no way he could be considered handsome , but he was crazy attractive . 
 there was a raw edge to him that was ... enticing - on many levels - which doubled his dangerous quality . 
 wyndi approached his table warily , not sure what to expect . 
 he was dressed too expensively to be in the same socioeconomic class as their normal customers and his eyes were almost restless , as if he were looking for someone . 
 or maybe waiting for someone ? 
 she was n't sure . 
 but he was in her station , so she walked over to his table . 
 she could n't bring forth her normal smile , but she aimed for a semblance of polite instead of her normal , overt friendliness . 
 she liked people , found them fascinating . 
 which was one of the reasons she was so good at her job . 
 her tips as a waitress were above the norm , but even on the rare occasions when she earned a higher than average tip , the amount was n't a whole lot . 
 at this diner in this part of town , people did n't make gobs of money like those on wall street . 
 they did n't wear the latest fashions and they definitely did n't have wine with their meals . 
 a beer was typical on payday , water the day before when money was tight . 
 so why was this guy - wearing a suit that probably cost more than the entire monthly income of the combined other patrons - sitting in a booth , looking expectantly in her direction ? 
 wyndi walked over to the table , pretending that her fingers were n't trembling as she dug in her apron for her pen and order pad . 
 `` what would you like today ? '' 
 she asked , standing farther away from his booth than she normally would . 
 generally , she rested a hip or thigh against the table , sort of connecting in a way to the diners . 
 but this man was terrifying . 
 his piercing gaze generated the sense of menacing power . 
 his black eyes looked over at her - perhaps through her - assessing . 
 tamar looked up and was startled to see the delicate features of a lovely creature looking back at him . 
 her blue eyes and thick blond curls were surprisingly beautiful . 
 she had a wide mouth with sensuous lips that she was biting with her pretty , white teeth . 
 but what caught his attention more were the frightened blue eyes looking back at him . 
 he normally did n't have that effect on women . 
 they flocked to him , inviting him to play the mating game . 
 in his experience , most of them hoped it would land them an expensive trinket ; the more ambitious sought the prestigious title of wife . 
 this woman 's blue eyes were wary , as if she could sense the power he wielded and was afraid of it . 
 why this lovely woman would be so nervous was a mystery , but he was intrigued . 
 `` what would you suggest ? '' 
 he asked , fascinated by the flare of her irises and the catch in her breath . 
 his body responded in kind , his mind considering all the ways in which he would like to bite that full , lower lip himself . 
 among other , delectable , parts of her body . 
 wyndi noticed the flare of his nostrils , the heat emanating from those black , mysterious eyes and wanted to run away , to hide somewhere until this disturbing man was gone . 
 he scared her right down to her bones , and she was n't one of those people who liked taunting danger or poking the bear . 
 this man definitely could n't be considered a bear though . 
 a lion , she thought with increasing shivers of awareness that she worked hard to suppress . 
 it was n't that she thought he might know of her secret mission . 
 as she looked into his eyes , she suspected that he might know everything else . 
 which was much , much worse . 
 she pulled her eyes away , shoving her hands into her pockets . 
 `` there 's a great burger joint three doors down . '' 
 tamar laughed softly at her ` recommendation ' , surprised that she was not only keeping her distance , but that she was trying to get him out of her restaurant . 
 `` i 've heard that the food here is quite delicious , '' he lied without remorse . 
 he was here in this establishment only because his technicians had traced the signal of a hacker to this address . 
 it was only serendipitous that he 'd found this angel among the workers here . 
 she blinked at his formal language , not sure what to make of him . 
 he definitely did n't belong here . 
 this was a blue collar neighborhood . 
 the patrons here were the rough and tumble types that would grab a quick burger along with several beers after a tough day working on the docks . 
 this man looked like he should be in a board room , not sitting in the control box of a bucket loader . 
 she would wager that he had n't ever gotten his hands dirty . 
 he probably would n't do very well in a fist fight either , even though his shoulders looked broad and durable enough underneath the extremely fine fabric of his suit . 
 wyndi shrugged her shoulders as if the food were passably good . 
 `` you do n't look like the burger and beer type of guy , '' she came back , ready to dismiss him . 
 `` perhaps you and i could have dinner tonight and discuss the kind of guy i am , '' he offered , fascinated by this nervous creature . 
 in a flash , he knew that this beautiful blond with the wary blue eyes would be his next lover . 
 he rubbed his chin , calculating in his mind how long it would take him to have her purring , begging for his touch . 
 wyndi gasped , shocked by how forward he was . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' she countered . 
 `` are you going to order something ? 
 if not , i have several other tables that need attention . '' 
 tamar chuckled , watching her intently . 
 challenge accepted , my beauty , he thought in his mind . 
 `` bring me the house specialty , '' he told her , handing the slightly sticky , plastic covered menu back to her . 
 wyndi stared back at him , trying to figure him out . 
 who did he think he was ? 
 house specialty ? 
 it was a corner diner catering to the working class , not the ritz . 
 they did n't have a house specialty . 
 but instead of arguing with him , she shrugged one shoulder , ignored the menu since it was supposed to go on the rough , wooden holders on the table by the window , and turned on her running shoe clad heel . 
 he wanted the house specialty ? 
 she 'd give him something special , she thought with a smile filled with delight . 
 he could n't see her , thankfully , but she wrote something on her ordering pad then snapped it onto the metal order wheel , spinning it so that billy , the fry cook today , could see her order . 
 with that done , she moved around to her other tables , smiling and greeting the guests . 
 she filled up their coffee or water and completely ignored the man at the table , who was now talking on his cell phone . 
 she tried to eavesdrop , not caring that it was rude . 
 she just wanted to understand why he was here . 
 it was so strange . 
 but he was speaking in a language she could n't understand , so she moved away , intent on leaving him alone as much as possible . 
 when billy called out that his order was ready , she moved back to the kitchen and smiled in anticipation . 
 carrying the heavy plate over to the table , she set it all down in front of him along with a large pitcher of water and a glass . 
 `` dig in ! '' 
 she said , trying to hide her amusement as he surveyed the enormous meal . 
 tamar surveyed the plate of food with interest , not sure exactly what it was , but he 'd caught her adorable glance that told him she thought she 'd gotten him . 
 what she did n't know was that he traveled all over the world , representing surisia 's interests . 
 his cousin was the sheik and , together , they 'd grown up challenging each other to eat the most exotic foods they could find . 
 this burger with a multitude of toppings was not going to defeat him . 
 `` i 'm guessing the water is for my benefit ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his desire to bed this woman , to bend her to his will , was even more intense now that she 'd challenged him in this way . 
 wyndi shrugged , grinning triumphantly down at him . 
 `` the chili is pretty spicy . 
 and those jalapenos are n't too shy either . '' 
 she paused slightly , trying to suppress her grin . 
 `` but if you 'd like something different , just let me know . '' 
 tamar laughed , delighted with her . 
 `` this looks wonderful . 
 thank you for your assistance . '' 
 he was so turned on by the mischievous glint in her eyes he wanted to lift her up onto the table and kiss her until she was purring under his touch . 
 he did n't hesitate a moment longer , picking up the burger with both hands as if he were a pro at devouring the messiest foods possible . 
 wyndi moved away , feeling defeated somehow . 
 she tried very hard to ignore him , but as she helped her other tables , she kept her eyes on the man and his burger . 
 as he took his first bite and did n't complain , she started to feel guilty . 
 the burger was enormous ! 
 it had guacamole , a fried egg , lots of jalapeno slices , a huge spoonful of extremely hot chili and even sour cream ! 
 it was one of those burgers that the guys ate in the evening after a long , hard day and they generally loved it . 
 but this man was n't like them ! 
 he was too elegant , too refined . 
 she turned away when he took another bite , thinking she should put in another order for him . 
 maybe a nice salad or something tame . 
 he was going to have an upset stomach . 
 well , he would if he continued to eat the darn thing ! 
 she felt so horrible about what she 'd done , she could n't even look in his direction . 
 she stared down at the tray of clean glasses , her heart wrenching at her dirty trick . 
 the man had scared her , so what ? 
 he did n't deserve to have an upset stomach for the rest of the day and night ! 
 she had been vicious and evil . 
 she sighed and reached under the counter for a bowl , needing to rectify her viciousness as quickly as possible . 
 she added a package of crackers , hoping she could somehow make amends as she scooped out a bowl of soothing chicken soup . 
 as she balanced the bowl of soup on her tray , she was just about to set it down on the man 's table when she glanced up , just in time to see him wipe the sides of his mouth with the paper napkin . 
 looking down , she was stunned to see that the enormous , spicy burger was completely gone . 
 as were all the greasy fries as well . 
 `` what happened to the burger ? '' 
 she demanded , her mouth falling open as she looked from his plate to his eyes , not believing the evidence in front of her . 
 tamar wanted to laugh , delighted with her surprise , but a hurt , vulnerability in her eyes struck him and he did n't want to hurt her feelings . 
 the bowl of soup in her hands was shaking slightly and he took it , carefully setting it down on the plastic table . 
 `` the burger was delicious . 
 i appreciate your suggestion as i have never tasted anything like it . '' 
 she looked at the man 's dark , sexy eyes , then back down to his plate . 
 `` you ate the whole thing ? '' 
 she asked , her voice almost a whisper as her shock came through her tone . 
 `` of course , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'm guessing by your surprised expression that you were not expecting such an occurrence ? '' 
 wyndi swallowed past the lump in her throat . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't think you were ... '' she was going to say `` the type '' but it sounded silly now . 
 she took a deep breath and pulled her shoulders back . 
 `` i apologize , '' she whispered , ashamed of herself now . 
 `` i was irritated by your attitude and i brought you a meal that ... might make you feel bad later on . '' 
 tamar was enchanted , seeing the distress in her pretty blue eyes , and something inside of him twisted slightly . 
 `` the chicken soup was to soothe my stomach , was it not ? '' 
 he asked , amused and delighted with this softer , more delicate side of her . 
 she sighed and leaned against the edge of the booth . 
 `` yes . 
 i was being inconsiderate before . 
 are you okay ? 
 you did n't have to eat that disgusting burger . 
 i would n't have thought less of you . '' 
 one black brow went up in question . 
 `` would n't you ? '' 
 he challenged and caught the blush in her lovely , pale cheeks . 
 `` if you want to make amends , come to dinner with me . '' 
 wyndi blinked and could n't stop the laughter that burst out of her . 
 `` i do n't feel that guilty ! '' 
 she replied when she finally got her amusement under control . 
 he stood up , towering over her as he looked down into her amused eyes . 
 `` how can i convince you to dine with me ? '' 
 he asked , taking her hand in his . 
 wyndi stared down at her hand , feeling suddenly vulnerable and scared . 
 the pads of his fingers were n't smooth like they should be . 
 they were rough , his grip gentle , but she could sense the strength in his touch . 
 was n't he soft ? 
 was n't he weak ? 
 something about his touch , the way his fingers were holding her fingers so lightly , told her that there was a hidden strength about him . 
 and that terrified her even more . 
 she tried to pull her hand free , but his fingers tightened on hers , refusing to release her . 
 `` i do n't think dinner would be a good idea . '' 
 the trembling was a bit more obvious now and she wanted to jerk her hand free and dive into the massive freezer in the back of the restaurant to cool off her red cheeks . 
 he shifted ever so slightly , cornering her in so the rest of the diners could not witness their conversation . 
 they were effectively hidden from view by his broad shoulders . 
 `` i think it would be a wonderful idea . 
 i 'll pick you up at seven , '' he told her . 
 it was n't a question . 
 it was a dare ! 
 her eyes flashed up to his , not sure she could believe what he 'd just said . 
 `` i wo n't be here , '' she told him emphatically . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he moved closer and she had to crane her neck to look at him , shocked at how tall he was . 
 and had those shoulders grown about a foot wider ? 
 how was that possible ? 
 his rough fingers touched her cheek , trailing down her skin , leaving a trail of fire in their wake . 
 `` i 'll see you tonight . '' 
 a moment later , he was gone . 
 she looked around , feeling like she 'd just been scorched but had no clue why . 
 he 'd just touched her . 
 many men had done the same thing , one ending up with broken fingers because of it . 
 but she 'd never felt this ... vulnerable ... around a man before . 
 and she definitely did n't like it . 
 she 'd had enough of being vulnerable . 
 for the past five years , she 'd done everything in her power to eliminate that possibility from her life , and there was no way she would allow a man to bring it back . 
 dinner ? 
 no way ! 
 she stomped back to the kitchen , her mind reeling from his impact . 
 what an arrogant , conceited , monumentally irritating jerk ! 
 she could n't believe the gall of the man ! 
 yes , she might have felt guilty over her trick with the burger , but for him to suggest that she should go out to dinner with him ? 
 no way ! 
 she walked over to her tables , still ignoring the one where the jerk had eaten , not wanting to deal with that area right now . 
 the lunch rush was slowing down , the restaurant becoming quieter and still , she avoided that table . 
 `` wyndi ! 
 get things cleaned up on table six ! '' 
 her manager called out . 
 she looked over at the table , her anger and resentment growing exponentially as her feet dragged . 
 and that 's when she saw it . 
 the tip ! 
 she 'd somewhat suspected that the man would n't pay for his meal . 
 she might not have if she 'd been given something as inedible as that burger , but not only had he paid for the meal , he 'd left a stack of twenties there underneath the plate ! 
 she counted out the bills , almost choking when she realized that the man had left her two hundred dollars ! 
 what a jerk ! 
 she took the money over to the cash register and cashed out his ticket . 
 it only took one of the bills to cover his meal , and that still left him fifteen dollars that she would have to figure out how to return . 
 with irritation , she slapped a five dollar bill down on the counter . 
 `` here , '' she said to linda , her fellow waitress . 
 `` the jerk at table six left this and i do n't want it . '' 
 linda stared at the money and laughed before she pocketed the cash . 
 `` honey , you really have your priorities out of whack . '' 
 she moved off after that and wyndi grabbed an envelope to store the remaining one hundred and ninety dollars . 
 she 'd give it back to him if she could find him . 
 otherwise , she 'd give it to a charity . 
 she did n't want his money , feeling dirty just storing it in her pocket . 
 the afternoon was busy and she was relieved when her shift ended at four o'clock . 
 the dinner crowd had n't started to filter in , but that was usually a smaller rush . 
 while most restaurants had a healthy dinner crowd , because of the diner 's location , their main meals were breakfast and lunch . 
 they depended on the workers from the docks and construction jobs in the area . 
 by six o'clock , she unlocked the door to her one bedroom apartment , entered , and pushed it closed , feeling relief as the silence of her apartment surrounded her , soothing her nerves . 
 it was a tiny apartment and not in the best neighborhood , but nor was it in the worst . 
 and the money she saved on it allowed her to invest more of her income in computer equipment . 
 she peeled off her grease covered jeans and tee-shirt and , after a quick shower , pulled on a pair of soft , warm leggings and a sweatshirt . 
 she did n't bother with the restriction of a bra ; she was too tired tonight . 
 with a sigh of happiness , she opened the box of cereal and poured herself a bowl , taking a couple pieces and tossing them into her mouth . 
 she looked into her fridge , but unfortunately , she had n't had the energy to hit the grocery store . 
 so there was no milk to go on top of her cereal . 
 with resignation , she picked up her bowl and carried it over to her computer , logging in and checking out the news . 
 with her legs crossed and a pillow tucked behind her back , she checked her e-mail , hoping someone had responded to her latest inquiries . 
 there were a few replies , but none that sounded promising . 
 she sighed with frustration . 
 why was this so difficult ? 
 it should n't be this hard to find someone ! 
 refusing to give up , she was just about to go into her bedroom to start her real search when there was a knock on the door . 
 she carried her bowl of cereal with her as she padded barefoot to the door . 
 being careful , she peered through the peephole first , then looked again , too surprised by what she had seen to absorb the man standing on the other side of the doorway . 
 when he knocked again , she was n't sure what to do . 
 biting her lower lip , she looked around , trying to find an escape . 
 but there was only a small window in her living room and bedroom , not even a balcony where she could jump , if she were brave enough to do that . 
 she was seven floors up ! 
 she could n't escape that way and , even if she had the equipment , she would n't use it to get down . 
 she was too afraid of heights ! 
 `` open the door , wyndi , '' the stranger 's deep voice said through the thin door . 
 she looked back , her eyes wide with fear . 
 why was he here ? 
 he 'd said they would be going out to dinner , but she had n't agreed ! 
 and she definitely had n't given him her address ! 
 how had he found her ? 
 `` wyndi . 
 now , '' he commanded . 
 that did it ! 
 she had to deal with irritating men at work , but there was no way she was going to take it in the privacy of her own home . 
 whipping the door open , she glared at ... his chest . 
 when she looked up , she caught his amused look and glared at his face , which only made her more irritated than ever . 
 `` who do you think you are ? '' 
 she demanded , gripping her cereal bowl tightly , so angry she thought she might just take a swing at the man . 
 `` we are n't at the diner , so i do n't have to be polite to you , '' she burst out , poking him in the chest , then pulling her finger in because she 'd hurt herself doing that . 
 tamar almost burst out laughing , so stunned by this woman 's outburst . 
 no one , male or female , had ever raised their voice to him . 
 she stood there with her hands on her fists , furious with both his intrusion and his amusement . 
 `` what 's so funny ? 
 i insult you and you think that 's hilarious ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed as she glared up at him . 
 `` are you mentally disturbed ? '' 
 she asked carefully , considering all possibilities . 
 that only increased his humor and he stepped into the small apartment , closing the doors on his body guards so she did n't see them . 
 `` i assure you that i am in full control of my mental capacities , little one , '' he came back . 
 she was n't sure if she was bristling more at his invasion or his endearment . 
 `` i 'm not little , '' she came right back , painfully aware that she had n't put on a bra since his eyes had just zeroed in on that omission . 
 `` and you have to leave , '' she told him , crossing her arms over her breasts . 
 he moved closer to her , trapping her against the wall . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm going to do that , wyndi . '' 
 she held her breath , not sure what game he was playing . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she whispered , trying to appear unbothered by the pressure of his hard body against hers . 
 but all those interesting planes and fascinating bulges were making her hands itch to explore . 
 her mouth was dry but other parts of her ... she realized she was embarrassingly...un-dry ! 
 `` i told you , we are going out to dinner . '' 
 she stared up at him , trying to figure out what he was talking about . 
 `` i 'm not going out to dinner with you . '' 
 he stood up and started pulling off his jacket . 
 `` that 's also fine . 
 i do n't mind dining in . '' 
 he looked down at her still-full bowl of cereal . 
 `` but i think we 're going to have to order in because that looks much less appetizing than the lunch you served me earlier . '' 
 she glanced down at the bowl she 'd been holding out to the side of her when he 'd pressed her against the wall and wished she could hide it behind her , embarrassed by her meal . 
 but then her stubbornness kicked in and her chin jutted out defiantly . 
 `` i 'm not having dinner with you here either . 
 and if you do n't like my meal , it is of no concern to me . '' 
 she set the bowl down on the counter , then glared up at him with her arms crossed over her chest . 
 after tossing his jacket on the back of one of her chairs , he leaned down again , the backs of his hands moving gently , sensuously down her cheek and jawline . 
 `` i do n't mind if we dispense with dinner plans completely . 
 at least for now . 
 i 'd rather get down to what we both want , '' and with that , he plucked the hair band out of her hair , setting it onto the counter , then turned back to face her . 
 she was about to protest , seeing his intent in his eyes a split second before he pulled her into his arms . 
 but she was too late . 
 his mouth was already covering hers by the time her mind formed the protest so it never made it to her lips . 
 in fact , no thought formed as soon as he was touching her . 
 the hands that had been about to brace against his shoulders were now wrapping around his neck and her body . 
 she had been prepared to run away , to fight him , but now she was pressing against him , amazed at how her body fit so perfectly against his tall , hard frame . 
 she was also astounded that his body was packed with muscles . 
 he was n't the elegant , reserved businessman she 'd originally thought . 
 this man was buff ! 
 her fingers skimmed across his shoulders , feeling the ropes of muscles underneath the expensive cotton of his tailored shirt . 
 she felt his hands move against her bottom , lifting her higher and she gasped out loud at the feeling . 
 she 'd never felt anything so ... crazy ! 
 he lifted her higher , picking her up and setting her down on the back of the chair behind her . 
 wyndi definitely liked this position better . 
 she was higher and everything fit so much better . 
 then he leaned her back and her body pressed harder against his . 
 she shifted so subtly , she was n't sure he even noticed , but her eyes almost rolled into the back of her head as the pleasure shot through her entire body . 
 wyndi was n't aware that he 'd already lifted her sweatshirt higher but when it was whipped over her head , she had a moment of panic . 
 the cold air caused her mind to start functioning and she looked up , only to see his black eyes looking down at her breasts . 
 never before had she ever felt so revered , so feminine . 
 his eyes slowly lifted so he was looking into her blue ones while , at the same time , his hand moved higher , cupping her breasts . 
 it felt like the weight of her breast fit perfectly in the palm of his hand . 
 she held her breath , his eyes holding hers captive while his fingers molded her flesh , sending tingles in every direction . 
 unfortunately , his thumb flicked against her already hardened nipple and she gasped , jerking backwards . 
 she gritted her teeth at the feeling , closing her eyes to try and control the pleasure . 
 `` open your eyes , little one , '' he commanded harshly . 
 she tried , desperately hard she tried to ignore his command . 
 but her body felt like a puppet , his to control and she opened her eyes , silently pleading with him to touch her again . 
 `` do you like that ? '' 
 he asked her , his voice gravelly and dangerously low . 
 she wanted to shake her head , to deny that this man could do anything that she liked , but her teeth captured her lip and she found herself nodding , desperately wanting him to touch her again . 
 `` and you want more , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked , but it was more of a statement than a question . 
 `` yes . 
 please , '' she begged , almost ashamed that she was so weak . 
 but never before had anyone had this kind of an impact and she was n't sure how to handle it . 
 `` my pleasure , '' he said , his thumb moving over the hard nubbin again , watching with an almost painful need as her body tightened , bowed against his hand , begging him for more . 
 he tried to hold back , but he wanted her too desperately . 
 `` hold onto me , '' he growled and did n't wait until she complied this time . 
 it was too urgent , his need riding him hard . 
 if she were n't so perfect , did n't fit so precisely in his arms , he might resent that she could do this to him , but he could n't even think about resentment . 
 his whole body was primed to delve into hers and he needed her to be right there with him . 
 so he pulled her arms up so they were wrapped around his neck then used both of his hands to slip the leggings off of her long , slender legs , taking the scrap of black cotton along with them . 
 he looked down at her , perfectly naked in his arms and he almost lost his control . 
 he wanted this woman painfully . 
 bending her backwards , he forced her to balance in his arms , trusting him completely while his mouth covered her nipple . 
 she gasped , her body shaking as his lips , teeth and tongue drove her almost completely mad with desire . 
 she tried to pull away , but then pulled him back , begging for more . 
 her hips were pressing against his and he ripped his shirt off , tearing a few buttons in his desperate need to have her hands touch him . 
 `` i want you , '' he growled and lifted her into his arms , blindly seeking her bed and almost shouting when he found it through the only door in the apartment . 
 he laid her down on the mattress and looked down at her , ripping his clothes off and grabbed protection . 
 he slid it on quickly , seeing the confusion enter her lovely eyes that , only a moment ago , had been begging him to keep going . 
 when he leaned over her , he was relieved when her hands automatically touched his shoulders , but there was still that aching drive to possess her , to have all of her . 
 but she had to be right there with him or he could n't continue . 
 his hands skimmed along her body , heating her up , obliterating any questions about what he was about to do . 
 he kissed her , demanding a response and when he got it , he slid easily into her heat . 
 wyndi felt the invasion and tried to gasp , but he was kissing her and she had trouble focusing . 
 her hips lifted and she flinched ever so slightly , her nails digging into the taut muscles on his shoulders . 
 but then the fleeting pain was gone and all she felt was ... full . 
 and it was right somehow even though a small bit uncomfortable . 
 she looked up into his eyes , saw the brief shock and knew what he was about to say but she did n't want that right now . 
 she did n't want to answer questions or hear recriminations . 
 this fullness was new and very interesting , but she could n't seem to stop shifting her hips , needing him to do ... something . 
 she knew what came next , but she was n't sure how to make this extremely large man move when he was too focused on being gentle with her . 
 she did n't want or need gentle . 
 she needed ... `` yes ! '' 
 she gasped when his shifted his hips . 
 she lifted her own to meet his thrust and closed her eyes , arching into him so she could feel him more completely . 
 `` please do n't stop , '' she begged . 
 and he did n't . 
 with each thrust , she went higher . 
 not exactly feeling good , but these new sensations definitely were n't bad . 
 but she needed him to move faster ! 
 harder ! 
 tamar watched as the slender woman thrashed underneath him , her body arching , begging him and he could barely control his own desire to slam into her , to take her fully with all the need surging through him . 
 never had any woman caused him to be this desperate for fulfillment , but he restrained his need with brutal control , driving into her , lifting her hips and shifting his own to give her maximum pleasure . 
 he 'd never suspected such a feisty , beautiful woman could be a virgin , but since this one was , or had been , he was determined to give her everything , show her how beautiful this act could be . 
 his fascination at her reactions was rewarded when she splintered apart in his arms ; it was possibly the most erotic moment of his life . 
 he had to grit his teeth to hold back his own release for several moments but , in the end , he could n't hold restrain his own climax . 
 when the storm finally subsided , he fell down on top of her , barely able to pull to the side and gather her into his arms . 
 he almost chuckled when his newfound beauty sighed with happiness , curled up against him with her hand on the middle of his chest , and promptly fell asleep . 
 so much for recriminations , he thought with a silent chuckle . 
 his fingers stroked her shoulders and back while he stared up at the ceiling . 
 he had a job to do , and making love to the most incredible woman he 'd ever met was definitely not in the plan . 
 but he did n't regret a single moment . 
 in fact , his mind went through all the changes he was about to make to this gentle woman 's life . 
 she 'd have to move , he thought , his feet hanging off of the end of her tiny bed . 
 there was no way he was going to allow her to stay here . 
 she was too delicate . 
 she would perish in this kind of a rough environment . 
 he smiled into the darkness , thinking of the wardrobe he would drape her lovely figure into as soon as he could get her out of this place . 
 he 'd take her shopping , dress her in the finest fabrics ... and then take them off , kissing every inch of her beautiful , sensitive skin . 
 the sun was just starting to glimmer over the horizon when the foreign noise began . 
 tamar heard the beeping but tried to ignore it . 
 he had never felt so content as he did laying here in this woman 's arms . 
 she was soft and sexy , and every time he moved , she snuggled up against him more tightly . 
 normally , he left after sex was finished , not liking the coital postlude , which usually involved snuggling and discussions of emotions . 
 but with wyndi , he could n't seem to pull himself away from her . 
 in fact , despite the incessant ringing of his cell phone , he wanted to bury himself in her heat once more , to pull her against his already hard erection and plunge himself into her , feel her heat squeeze him . 
 the sex between the two of them had been explosive . 
 never before had he experience anything as erotic as watching this woman climax in his arms , nor had he been prepared for the mind-blowing experience of his own orgasm with her soft , tiny hands on his body . 
 he sighed and reached around , grabbing his phone and , for the first time in his life , resented his work . 
 he knew that inevitably it would pull him away . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he said curtly but quietly , so he would n't disturb the blond beauty that curled back up on his chest . 
 his hand absently ran down her spine and back up again . 
 he was n't even aware of the smile that came onto his face as she arched against him in her sleep . 
 but when the speaker gave him the message , his hand froze , his attention captured . 
 `` i understand . 
 tell them i will be there shortly . '' 
 he ended the call and rubbed his hand over his face , irritated that he did n't have time to make love to this woman once again . 
 he had to hurry , needing to follow up on a lead . 
 he was in the city to investigate someone hacking into his government 's files , as well as the files of some of his own companies . 
 he knew it was the same hacker since the digital signature was the same . 
 normally , his technology people would handle something like this . 
 it had only been brought to his attention because they could n't stop whoever was doing it . 
 it was n't like the hacker , or team of hackers , was even stealing anything , which only worried him more . 
 the person was getting into the files , sifting around and getting out , almost undetected . 
 they 'd been doing that at each of his companies and the government files for the past six months and nothing , no software or code could stop the person . 
 the fact that they were n't stealing anything worried him and his teams more because they were probably copying information , and that was a very valuable commodity . 
 he was determined to stop this person or team of people , not wanting his companies or the government of surisia compromised in any way . 
 he dressed quickly , all the while watching the lovely woman curl up in the small bed , pulling the pillow close as if she needed a substitute now that he was gone . 
 he smiled softly as he bent down to kiss her goodbye . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' he whispered , even though he knew she would n't be able to hear him . 
 she was exhausted since he 'd barely let her sleep all night . 
 it was nearly dawn and he 'd pulled her into his arms over and over again throughout the night , needing to feel her tremble in his arms . 
 even now , he was craving her touch , wanting to crawl right back into her bed and make love to her once again . 
 his body hardened just at the idea of her long , slender legs wrapping around his waist , her heat pulling him into her depths . 
 he groaned as he turned away from her , grabbing his tie and slipping it into his pocket . 
 he had to get out of here before he disregarded all of his responsibilities . 
 chapter 2 wyndi rolled over , stretching sore muscles as her body tried to figure out why she felt like a boulder had repeatedly pounded her . 
 and then the night came back to her . 
 a boulder ? 
 more like a rock . 
 or many rocks , she thought with red cheeks . 
 she looked around , her eyes taking in the rumpled bed , all but one pillow on the floor and the intoxicating scent of tamar filling the air . 
 along with those scents , all memories of the previous night came back to her , startling in their clarity and intensity . 
 had she really done all that with him ? 
 she buried her face in her pillow as she remembered all the things he 'd demanded of her , all the things he 'd shown her how to do . 
 oh , and how incredible all of it had felt . 
 not once had he allowed her inhibitions to slow him . 
 he 'd simply teased her until she was right there with him , abandoning all of her preconceived notions about sex and what happened between a man and a woman . 
 she glanced to the side of her bed and gasped , sitting upright . 
 she was late ! 
 she glanced at her clock and groaned , springing out of bed . 
 she showered faster than she ever had in her life , trying to wash off his scent but she finally accepted that it was n't on her skin but in her head . 
 the man had really gotten to her last night . 
 she pulled on her boring , white cotton underwear and bra , bracing because her nipples were even sore from all of the attention he 'd paid to them last night . 
 a clean pair of jeans and a pink tee shirt completed her outfit before she raced out of her apartment , arriving only thirty minutes late for her shift . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 she gushed to jimmy , her boss . 
 billy was already in the kitchen , cooking up breakfast for the regulars while linda waved to her , indicating that wyndi could take over her tables once again . 
 wyndi gathered up all her tips and gave them to linda , even while she helped with linda 's tables as well , trying to make up for her tardiness earlier in the morning . 
 when the breakfast rush slowed down , linda sidled up to wyndi , a smile on her face as she nudged wyndi with her shoulder . 
 `` so what had you blowing in here so late this morning ? '' 
 she asked . 
 wyndi blushed and pushed her hair back , sticking another pencil in the side to hold it back from her face . 
 `` i forgot to turn on my alarm last night , '' she replied . 
 it was n't a lie . 
 she had forgotten . 
 she 'd forgotten to eat , to sleep , to turn on her alarm and everything else . 
 and even this morning , she had n't had time to check the results of her latest searches , which was an astonishing realization . 
 nothing had ever interfered with her mission until tamar and his touch last night . 
 she 'd been trying to find her brother for six months . 
 it had taken her this long just to finish the software program that would let her sneak into various company databases to find her brother 's name . 
 so far , she 'd come up with ten different royston charmichaels , but no luck in finding her actual brother . 
 she 'd thought that it would be a simple matter , but she had n't anticipated other parents thinking that the name `` royston '' was a good one . 
 of course , her program only allowed her to search a few company databases each night , so it was a painfully slow search . 
 she was working on a new program that would speed up the process , but so far , she 'd run into glitches . 
 `` honey , you 've got to get a life , '' linda admonished . 
 `` i was so excited this morning , hoping that you 'd actually gotten a man . 
 the one yesterday that was sitting in the booth over lunch time , actually . 
 now he seemed like the kind of man who knew his way around a bedroom , '' she chuckled . 
 thankfully , linda was filling up salt shakers and looking down , so she did n't see the blush that covered wyndi 's neck and cheeks as she filled the napkin dispensers . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i 'm not looking to have fun until i 've found my brother . '' 
 linda stopped and put the salt shaker down . 
 the older woman - with her bleached blond hair and bright pink lipstick - might look like a tacky , hollywood version of a truck stop waitress , but she had a warm heart that was filled to bursting with the need to care for every person who crossed her path . 
 and right now , the main person in her path was wyndi . 
 `` darlin ' , what if you never find your brother ? 
 what if this ... thing ... you 've created just does n't work ? '' 
 wyndi had asked herself the same question and the answer terrified her . 
 she refused to think about the possibility that she was alone in the world . 
 she and royston had been siblings who 'd fought and yelled at each other , but he 'd always been there for her as well . 
 she knew that he had a temper and was stubborn , but if he 'd gotten into trouble because of it , she 'd find him , get him out of whatever trouble he was in and they 'd be a family again . 
 the foster care system had torn them apart after their parents had died in car crash , and the result had been a nightmare for her and her brother . 
 they 'd been separated , placed in separate families at a time when she 'd desperately needed her big brother . 
 she rapidly blinked back the tears that formed at the memories . 
 she was scared for royston , thinking his temper might have gotten him in trouble , maybe even in prison . 
 he 'd been so hotheaded as a kid ! 
 `` if this does n't work , then i 'll find something else that will . 
 we were separated after our parents ' died , but he was a good guy . 
 i know he 's also out there looking for me . 
 somehow , some way , we 'll cross paths . 
 i just know it . '' 
 linda gave wyndi a gentle hug , then picked up all the refilled shakers and set them back onto the tables . 
 `` well , i think you should have a bit of fun while you 're searching . 
 what 's wrong with enjoying life even while you 're digging through files for a clue ? '' 
 deegan hunter , one of the dock workers turned around and smiled brightly . 
 `` i agree , honey . 
 i can help you with that ! '' 
 he chuckled . 
 wyndi laughed softly , shaking her head at deegan 's renewed ploy to get her to go out with him . 
 `` not in this lifetime , deegan . '' 
 `` ah , honey , you 're just not giving me a chance . '' 
 wyndi turned to face the thirty-five year old divorced man . 
 he had the demeanor of a grizzly bear at times , but really was just a giant teddy bear . 
 `` deegan , you stop smoking for a month , and then we 'll talk . 
 deal ? '' 
 deegan 's hand automatically went to his pocket where his second pack of cigarettes for the day was stored . 
 his face was almost comically horrified and he shook his head . 
 `` i think you 're lying , '' he came back to her . 
 wyndi laughed and shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` i might be , '' she challenged . 
 `` but then again , we might have the most wonderful date imaginable . '' 
 deegan 's eyes widened with hope . 
 `` what if i went down to just one pack a day ? '' 
 he offered , trying to get her to compromise . 
 wyndi instantly shook her head . 
 `` no deal . 
 those cigarettes are going to kill you and you 've got three kids to support . 
 i know nancy might even take you back if you quit smoking . '' 
 deegan 's eyes almost popped out of his head with that statement . 
 he 'd fallen in love with his wife in the eighth grade and he 'd never hoped to meet another woman after that . 
 but she 'd kicked him out last year , demanding that he clean up his act or get out . 
 he 'd stopped drinking every night , but that meant his smoking had increased . 
 the man simply had an addictive personality , but that did n't mean he could n't figure out a healthier addiction to rely upon . 
 the afternoon wore on , but because waitressing was n't the most intellectually stimulating , she had plenty of time to become angry and resentful at waking up to find tamar gone . 
 she had n't invited him into her apartment last night , nor had she asked him to stay ! 
 how dare he leave this morning without any word , without telling her when she would see him again ! 
 well , that was probably a foregone conclusion , she thought , as she accidentally slammed a plate down in front of her customer , having to apologize . 
 she 'd never see the man again . 
 she was a one night stand , nothing more . 
 he probably saw her as one of those easy women that the rich guys thought they could exploit . 
 and boy had he exploited her naivete last night ! 
 she 'd been so wowed by the newness of sex that she 'd gone along with anything he 'd told her to do . 
 granted , all of it had been incredible , but she did n't need incredible ! 
 she had a perfectly satisfactory life without him . 
 she had goals , dreams and a plan for her life and none of those included him barging into her apartment and treating her like an easy mark ! 
 she had n't even remembered to give him back his ridiculous tip from yesterday ! 
 by the time her shift ended , she was so tired and angry , she was barely able to say a polite goodbye to billy , jimmy and linda . 
 the three of them walked out the door , linda and jimmy heading down the street . 
 billy hopped onto his motorcycle and sped away while wyndi trudged to the subway station another block down the street . 
 the longer commute gave her time to fume as she sat on the hard , dirty bench of the subway , rumbling along to her lonely apartment . 
 by the time she was halfway home , she was determined to throw off her irritation over his callous treatment of her . 
 she was n't going to let him ruin her plans . 
 nor was she going to spend one more moment thinking of the jerk ! 
 so she 'd been bowled over by an attractive , charismatic man . 
 lots of women had probably fallen prey to his easy charm . 
 she 'd get over him . 
 she 'd move on . 
 and she definitely would n't let him make her feel cheap , she told herself as she angrily wiped the tears from her face . 
 she stopped by the market on the way home , grabbing milk and several more items . 
 she hated grocery shopping , but she 'd put it off to the point where it was urgent now . 
 she had n't even had milk last night for her cereal . 
 in fact , she 'd forgotten to eat ! 
 and since she had n't woken early enough this morning , she 'd skipped breakfast too so she 'd only had a grilled cheese sandwich for lunch and now she was starving . 
 she wanted to whip up a big bowl of pasta with lots of cheese and some sauteed vegetables , maybe some crusty bread with loads of garlic butter . 
 her mouth was watering as she considered the possibilities . 
 there was only one problem . 
 well , actually several as she stared at the cheese section in her local market . 
 she did n't like cooking , did n't know how to make what she wanted , and could n't afford the ingredients anyway . 
 sighing , she moved on down the aisle , sticking a bottle of milk , some bologna , bread , peanut butter and another box of cereal into her cart . 
 she added a few apples and a couple cans of green beans , but that was about the extent of her shopping budget for the week . 
 cereal it is , she thought as she lugged her groceries up the stairs . 
 she was juggling her purse , her heavy grocery bags and her keys , trying to get the key into the lock when a dark hand reached around and plucked the keys out of her hands . 
 fight mode kicked in immediately and she spun around . 
 wyndi dropped the bags , fully prepared to fight if someone was trying to rob her . 
 but she did n't get the chance to take a swing . 
 `` settle down , tiger , '' tamar said smoothly with a chuckle as he put his hands on her waist . 
 `` it 's only me . 
 i 'm trying to help you . '' 
 wyndi was so furious that she ripped herself out of his arms , uncaring that her groceries were now spilled all over the hallway . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 tamar smiled down at her , ignoring her hands pressing against his chest while his hands encircled her tiny waist once more . 
 `` i 'm here to take you out to dinner , '' he explained , kissing her neck . 
 `` we did n't really get a chance last night . '' 
 `` and then you snuck out of here this morning ! '' 
 he was surprised at her anger , not understanding it . 
 `` what 's wrong , little one ? '' 
 he asked gently , looking concerned . 
 `` you looked very warm and inviting this morning . 
 i was going to disturb you but i figured you might be a bit tender . '' 
 she shifted uncomfortably , wishing he had n't said something so considerate . 
 because she had been tender . 
 even now , she could feel parts of her body that had been over used the previous night . 
 `` i 'm not a one night stand , '' she told him . 
 `` you need to just go find another woman . '' 
 tamar chuckled and shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think that 's possible , '' he replied . 
 she raised a honey blond eyebrow , even though it was n't nearly as effective as his own black brows . 
 `` really ? 
 you ca n't pick up some other naive woman and get into her bed for a quickie ? '' 
 tamar heard her words but was n't sure why she was becoming so incensed . 
 `` why do n't you go change your clothes and we can discuss your anger over dinner ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 she pushed out of his arms then dropped to her knees , collecting her groceries and stuffing them back into her fabric bags . 
 `` i 'm not changing clothes , i 'm not going out to dinner with you and i 'm finished discussing anything with you . '' 
 when she had all of her groceries packed back into her bags , she stood up , slung her purse over her shoulder and slammed her key into the lock . 
 `` good night , tamar , '' she said over her shoulder and went into her apartment , intending to close the door behind her . 
 intentions seemed to have a way of going off plan when he was around though . 
 when he simply pushed his way into her apartment , she spun around and glared at him . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 he smiled gently down at her . 
 `` wyndi , you do n't really mean that . 
 why do n't you let me take you away from all of this , '' he said , looking around at her tiny apartment . 
 `` i have an apartment in manhattan or paris . 
 i will set you up in either of them and you 'd have much more space , money to buy more comfortable clothes and servants to wait on you so you wo n't have to carry your groceries anymore . '' 
 she was horrified at what he was suggesting . 
 `` i 'm not a whore ! '' 
 she spat out at him . 
 `` now get out of my apartment ! '' 
 she would have pointed at the door but her hands were still loaded with her groceries . 
 she dumped them onto the small countertop , tossed her purse onto the only chair and turned back to glare at him . 
 `` i do n't consider you in that capacity in any way , '' tamar came back , irritated that she would put those connotations to what he was offering her . 
 `` oh really ? 
 so you 're proposing marriage ? '' 
 she asked sarcastically . 
 she knew the answer even before he responded simply because his face closed up . 
 `` we could enjoy each other , '' he replied . 
 she shook her head , suddenly too exhausted to argue with him any longer . 
 `` look tamar , i do n't think this ... '' she waved her hands between their bodies , `` is going to work . 
 we 're just too different . 
 we come from different worlds . 
 besides , i have things that i need to do with my life . 
 you 're getting in the way . '' 
 he refused to allow her to dismiss him so easily . 
 `` you 're tired . 
 why do n't you let me take you out to dinner and we can talk about what kind of relationship we might have with one another . 
 i would also like to hear your life plans . '' 
 they were sweet words , but she refused to let him sway her . 
 he was a smooth talker , able to get what he wanted simply by the overabundance of charm he conjured up at whim . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked , unable to stop the question from slipping out . 
 he moved closer to her , grabbing her hands when she tried to step backwards . 
 `` because i find you fascinating , '' he replied . 
 `` i would sincerely enjoy having your company for dinner tonight . '' 
 wyndi realized that she was too tired and too vulnerable to go head to head with a man like tamar . 
 she leaned her forehead against his chest , taking in a deep breath to try and find her resolve . 
 but she was also too hungry . 
 `` can we have pasta ? '' 
 she asked in a grumpy voice . 
 `` with lots of cheese and garlic bread ? '' 
 he chuckled and moved closer , his arms wrapping around her gently . 
 `` absolutely , '' he replied . 
 she sighed and looked up at him . 
 `` i do n't really have any nice clothes , '' she said with a low , embarrassed voice . 
 `` would you allow me to purchase you a dress ? '' 
 he asked , looking down at her delicate neck , disappointed that she was wearing a bra tonight . 
 he 'd loved diving under her shirt last night and finding her full breasts free and inviting . 
 she laughed , shaking her head . 
 `` not a chance , '' she came right back . 
 `` we 'll just have to dine at a place that allows a more casual experience . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at her command , amused that she thought she would be getting her way . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked down at her dowdy jeans , rubbing her hands against her hips . 
 `` i can change into something slightly more presentable . '' 
 with that , she turned around and headed into her bedroom , closing the door behind her . 
 tamar almost laughed at the closed door . 
 he 'd seen , touched and tasted every part of her body last night . 
 there was n't a place he had n't explored but tonight , she needed to close the door to change clothes ? 
 cute , he thought . 
 she emerged a moment later and he was stunned at the transformation . 
 she 'd jumped into the shower , but instead of a head of wet hair , she 'd pulled her hair up on top of her head with little tendrils hanging down to frame her delicate features . 
 but the biggest transformation was the pretty pink skirt and shirt . 
 the clothes were still casual , but the jeans were gone . 
 and he thought she looked lovely . 
 he was also touched that she 'd gone to the effort of dressing for him . 
 she 'd even put on makeup . 
 not much , just a touch of pink lipstick and mascara which made her blue eyes seem bigger , glowing almost . 
 `` you look lovely , '' he said , aware that his voice was a bit huskier as he extended his hand towards her . 
 she took the hand and he led her out of her apartment . 
 she pulled back slightly when she saw the long , black limousine parked out front with the driver standing at attention by the back door . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 she asked , suddenly anxious . 
 `` transportation ? '' 
 he suggested , not sure what might be going through her lovely brain now . 
 `` ca n't we just catch a cab ? '' 
 she asked , trying to pull her hand out of his but he held hers firmly , not allowing her to pull away . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's not an option , '' he replied . 
 `` but i promise the vehicle is very safe . '' 
 she sighed , irritated by this latest revelation about their worlds . 
 `` tamar , we 're not ... '' he bent down and kissed her , stopping whatever protest she was going to spout next . 
 `` get in the car , wyndi , '' he told her firmly , tugging her hand to encourage her . 
 `` it wo n't bite , it wo n't crash and i have n't changed from the man i was five minutes ago . '' 
 she got into the car , but her mind was working feverishly , trying to figure out what he was up to . 
 a man like him , with his obvious wealth , simply did n't date women like her . 
 she was poor , a waitress . 
 she might have a college education , but only because the state paid for it . 
 and because of the struggling economy , she had n't been able to find a real job . 
 well , that and her lack of experience . 
 whereas tamar was obviously an important person with loads of money at his disposal . 
 what could he possibly see in her ? 
 the restaurant they pulled up in front of was one of the finest in manhattan . 
 it took months to get a reservation here . 
 `` we ca n't go in there , '' she said , eyeing the doorman with trepidation . 
 he took her hand and tugged gently , his eyes smiling down at her . 
 `` of course we can . 
 we just step out of the car and move our feet forward . 
 i do it all the time . '' 
 she laughed at his teasing , but would n't relent . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 we wo n't be able to get a table here . '' 
 not only did they get a table as soon as tamar walked in , they were immediately seated at one of the best tables in the restaurant . 
 unfortunately , the menu was all in italian . 
 wyndi had taken spanish in high school and french in college , but she was lost with the italian . 
 tamar must have seen the worried look in her eyes because , when the waiter arrived , he ordered for her in perfect italian . 
 the waiter bowed down , taking both of their menus before backing up to place their order . 
 she looked at him with one eyebrow raised over her blue eyes . 
 `` what am i getting for dinner ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he chuckled at her adorable , irritated expression . 
 `` exactly what you requested . 
 pasta loaded with cheese and bread smothered with garlic butter . '' 
 the sommelier arrived at that moment and presented a bottle of wine for tamar 's approval , then poured it out for both of them , leaving it beside them before disappearing as well . 
 `` oh my , '' she gasped when she took the first sip . 
 `` this is wonderful . '' 
 he smiled at her over his wine glass . 
 `` i 'm glad you can appreciate a good wine . '' 
 she laughed , deciding to ignore all the reasons she should n't be here and just enjoyed the ambiance and company . 
 tamar was a delightful dinner companion , able to discuss just about any subject with intelligence and humor . 
 she found out that he worked for the surisian government , was actually a member of the royal family and her heart sank in her chest . 
 a prince , she thought despairingly . 
 there was absolutely no way a prince and a waitress could have a future . 
 the pasta was everything he promised . 
 the red sauce was rich and flavorful while the cheese was amazingly creamy with just a bit of a tartness to it that added so much flavor . 
 there was a spicy sausage and tender mushrooms , all of which she devoured hungrily . 
 she laughed as he told her stories , listened intently as he told her about his companies and she was surprised to find her telling him about her college experiences . 
 she did n't mention her parents ' deaths or the loss of her brother all those years ago , not wanting to ruin the night with sadness . 
 nor did she mention growing up in foster homes , raised by the state or her search for her brother . 
 those were secrets she had n't shared with anyone , finding it too painful . 
 when he helped her into the car after the amazing meal , she felt awkward and uncomfortable , but also determined to not fall into bed with him again . 
 `` come with me , '' he commanded , raising her hand to his lips . 
 she was expecting just a simple kiss on her fingers , but he turned the touch into a seductive caress , his mouth capturing one of her fingers and nipping the end . 
 she gasped as her whole body lit up with the fire that was suddenly burning in her belly . 
 `` no , '' she whispered , trying to pull her hands away . 
 `` thank you for dinner , tamar , but i ca n't see you anymore . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because you 're a prince . 
 and i 'm a waitress . '' 
 `` those are titles , not who we are inside . '' 
 her smile was a bit wobbly . 
 `` we ca n't run away from our responsibilities . 
 and i have many that are very important to me . '' 
 he was intrigued . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 the car was driving along , the lights of the city moving past them at a rapid rate . 
 `` they 're private . '' 
 `` tell me , '' he repeated . 
 she laughed at his stubbornness . 
 `` no . '' 
 he chuckled as well , delighted that she was n't trying to manipulate him in some way . 
 women generally tried to get as much out of him monetarily as they could before he moved on to the next woman but this lovely lady was actually rejecting him for his wealth and position . 
 he 'd been insanely attracted to her before , but knowing this about her only lured him in more . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because they 're private , '' she explained again . 
 `` they 're something i have to do . '' 
 `` and you wo n't accept any help from anyone ? '' 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` there 's nothing you can do to help . 
 this is a personal issue . '' 
 they 'd arrived at her building by that point and she stepped out , prepared to say goodbye to him but he was already stepping out of the limousine . 
 `` i can see my way up to my place , '' she said nervously . 
 tamar smiled slightly , fully aware of what she was trying to do but he was n't going to allow it . 
 `` i 'll see you up , '' he told her firmly , putting a hand to the small of her back and leading her up the stairs . 
 at her door , she nervously fumbled with the keys , trying to figure out how to keep him from entering her apartment . 
 she knew if he took her into his arms , she would n't be able to tell him no . 
 even with him standing behind her , she could feel the heat of his body against her back . 
 she wanted to turn around and feel his arms wrap around her , to experience that same magic from the previous night , but she was also afraid . 
 she was scared of what he was making her feel . 
 there was more than just the sex . 
 she 'd laughed with him tonight . 
 he 'd been kind and generous . 
 she 'd discovered that he was interesting and intelligent and charming . 
 she liked him ! 
 and that scared her even more than just this crazy attraction she had for him . 
 she did n't want to like him . 
 there was no future for the two of them so she needed to push him away , keep him at a distance . 
 `` open the door , wyndi , '' he said , his hands moving down to her hips , pulling her back against his chest . 
 his mouth moved down to nuzzle her neck and she shivered . 
 `` you ca n't come inside , '' she said , but her head was bending backwards as his lips nuzzled her ear . 
 `` you would n't come to my place , '' he told her . 
 `` so i 'm coming inside . 
 you do n't really want me to leave . '' 
 he was right . 
 she wanted him . 
 there was no doubt about it . 
 but was that really what was best for her ? 
 for both of them ? 
 there was no future together . 
 they were bound to hurt each other . 
 `` it wo n't work . '' 
 `` it will if you 'll just open the door , '' he said , but he did n't wait for her to comply , taking the keys out of her hands and opening the door himself . 
 he pushed the door open and pulled her inside himself . 
 there , he took her into his arms and that was the end of her refusal . 
 she was lost to his touch , his heat and all she could do was follow him as he led her into her bedroom and heaven when he took her into his arms . 
 chapter 3 tamar glared at his cell phone with irritation . 
 this was the second morning in a row that he 'd been called before dawn and he was getting sick of it . 
 he moved carefully , not wanting to disturb wyndi . 
 she was sleeping so soundly , her head resting against his shoulder , right where he wanted her . 
 well , to be perfectly honest , he wanted her in the apartment he kept on hand for his ladies . 
 there was a very large , very comfortable bed where his feet did n't extend off the end , and it was a hell of a lot more comfortable . 
 he picked up his phone and looked at the caller , then sighed , knowing he had to take the call . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he demanded with irritation . 
 he listened , his attention captured by what he was hearing . 
 `` okay . 
 yes , there 's a computer here . 
 i think i can take a look , '' he told the caller . 
 he stood up and walked out to wyndi 's laptop which he 'd seen on the side of her sofa at some earlier point . 
 opening it up , he pressed several buttons which allowed him to circumvent her login screen . 
 `` okay , send it to me , '' he told the person at the other end . 
 he waited several seconds and then the file was sent to his e-mail . 
 he entered a code and all of the information was displayed . 
 running his own program , he was finally able to read the encrypted file . 
 with that new information , he felt a keen sense of satisfaction , knowing he was that much closer to finding the culprit who was systematically breaking into his company files and surisia 's government files . 
 he thought quickly , his fingers flying over the keyboard . 
 `` okay , try this , '' he said and gave his it lead additional instructions . 
 with that , he logged out of his e-mail and took her computer back to her own screens . 
 but as soon as he was out , he looked at her files . 
 he had n't meant to look , but something caught his eye . 
 the symbol in the background ... it was the same signature as the hacker ! 
 he ran several more programs , code that he 'd developed to try and track down the culprit and ... damn ! 
 he almost could n't believe what he was seeing . 
 the screen showed him the evidence , but he still had to stare at the information , taking it all in . 
 and even then , he wanted to shake his head and deny the possibility . 
 it could n't be ! 
 looking into the bedroom , he stared at the innocent looking woman curled up on the bed amid the tangled sheets . 
 the hacker was wyndi ? 
 how was that possible ? 
 he called his head of security , telling him to get more information on wyndi charmichael , determined to find out if she really was the woman he was starting to suspect she was or if she was someone else . 
 he could n't believe the evidence that was staring him in the face . 
 he did several more searches and , sure enough , all the coding that he 'd been tracking was right there , in her laptop . 
 he also realized that she 'd set up automated runs to delve into several more company databases . 
 not all his companies , but some were his , others were smaller companies that he knew of but did n't really care about . 
 he supposed he should be relieved that she was n't targeting just his companies but had spread her illegal activities over several corporations . 
 a fierce anger settled over him and he clicked a few more keys . 
 as he leaned back against the rough cushions of her sofa , analytically he had to admit that she was very good . 
 her code was creative and well thought out . 
 if he had n't had an anti-cyber threat team on top of his digital infrastructure , he probably would n't have known that she 'd gotten in and out so quickly . 
 what the hell was she doing with the information ? 
 he searched around in a few more files , not concerned in the least with invading her privacy , but he could n't come up with any information that would tell him what she was doing with the data . 
 if she was smart , she was storing her illicitly obtained information off-site or selling it immediately . 
 either way , he was n't going to let her get away with her theft . 
 but he needed to know who she sold the information to . 
 his companies might be vulnerable , as could surisia and that he simply could n't allow . 
 it was n't just his responsibility to protect his country and see to her best interests , it was his passion . 
 he would n't allow anyone to hurt his homeland , even if the person in question had the softest breasts , the most amazing smile or the cutest derriere he 'd ever seen . 
 he stepped into her tiny shower , even furious that she had n't allowed him to take her out of this pit and set her up in his apartment where she would be in the lap of luxury . 
 he was a generous lover and she would know that if she were n't so stubborn . 
 which brought something else to mind . 
 if she was selling corporate information to his competitors or surisia 's enemies , what was she doing with the money ? 
 she certainly was n't spending it on her wardrobe or her home . 
 it did n't matter . 
 he 'd find out all of her secrets , get a list of everyone she 'd sold the information to and then he would turn her over to the authorities . 
 when he was once again dressed , he looked down at the sleeping beauty , stunned by how quickly his body reacted to just the sight of her . 
 he gritted his teeth , furious with himself for being so weak . 
 he glared at wyndi , seething that she had so much power over him . 
 he 'd been lured into her trap and he 'd willingly , desperately sought her out as if she were the key to his breathing yesterday . 
 not anymore , he promised himself silently , stuffing her clothes into a bag . 
 today , he would ensure that he had the control . 
 yes , he thought , thinking of her lovely , delicate wrists tied above her head so that he could do anything he wanted to her lovely , sexy body . 
 the idea of her being at his mercy , of controlling her and regaining a sense of himself in the process , was a heady thought . 
 bending low , he lifted her into his arms . 
 a gentleman would wake her and tell her what he was going to do , but he did n't feel very gentlemanly at the moment . 
 in fact , he felt decidedly cave-man like . 
 he nodded to his driver who jumped up and opened the door for him . 
 tamar did n't even hesitate as he stepped into the vehicle , handing the bag containing a pair of jeans and tee shirt to his driver which would be stored in the trunk . 
 a moment after the door closed , they glided away from the curb , off to the airport . 
 wyndi did n't even stir as he held her in his arms . 
 he should push her off and let her sleep on the seat , but something inside of him would n't do that to her . 
 he told himself it was only because he did n't want her to wake up before they were in the air . 
 it would simply be easier for everyone , herself included , if she slept through the whole departure process . 
 when they arrived at the airport , the car pulling up right to the bottom of the stairs to his private plane , he was surprised , but relieved , that she was still asleep . 
 she must have been exhausted , he thought but then pushed the guilt away . 
 she was his prisoner , he told himself . 
 compassion for the lawless would not be allowed . 
 chapter 4 wyndi woke up and looked around , instantly realizing that she was n't in her apartment any longer . 
 it was strange though because she 'd slept for so long , so undisturbed by the nightmares that normally plagued her . 
 too often , she found herself screaming out , wrenching herself from sleep as the nightmare invaded her dreams . 
 but today she felt more refreshed than she had in a long time . 
 unfortunately , she also did n't know where she was . 
 looking around , she saw the luxurious bed , the elegant cabinets , but none of it made sense . 
 even the bed was softer than she was used to . 
 this definitely was n't the mattress she 'd bought for twenty dollars at the thrift store down the street from her apartment . 
 she still did n't have any clothes on and that realization brought to mind all the memories of the previous night . 
 once again , tamar had taken her into his arms and kissed her . 
 from that moment on , she had been putty in his hands , desperate for his touch and to touch him . 
 it had been a fascinating experience and she shivered at the memory of how sated she 'd felt after each climax . 
 was that normal ? 
 she did n't think it was , if the talk from her friends and co-workers was any indication . 
 she spotted her jeans and a red tee-shirt on the chair beside the window but the sight only confused her more . 
 where was she ? 
 the fear started to bubble up as she took in more of the details . 
 this was n't just a room , she started to understand . 
 this was a plane ! 
 she was flying ! 
 she stood up , taking the sheet with her because , other than her location , nothing had changed . 
 she was still naked , still felt the tenderness between her legs and her sore muscles from the exertion after tamar 's touches last night . 
 but where was she ? 
 she started opening doors and discovered a bathroom . 
 there , she took care of the necessities , including a quick shower , not even bothering to revel in the luxurious shampoos and soaps available to her . 
 at another time , she might have appreciated them , but she was becoming terrified of the unknown . 
 back out in the bedroom , she quickly slipped underwear , her jeans and tee-shirt on , then went out the other door . 
 even looking through the windows did n't give her a clue as to where she was because there were only clouds below , nothing to give her any sort of location . 
 she opened the door , her eyes looking for anything that would give her answers . 
 when they lit upon tamar who was sitting in a large , cream leather chair reading a newspaper , she breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` tamar , where are we ? '' 
 tamar braced himself to not stand up and greet her as he normally would have done . 
 she was his prisoner , not his guest , he had to remind himself . 
 albeit , a lovely , exceedingly sexy prisoner who still looked warm and inviting after her shower . 
 he berated himself when he noticed that the dark circles were gone from her eyes . 
 he did n't care about her sleep , he told himself firmly . 
 he would not ask her why she 'd been so tired since the moment he 'd first met her . 
 he knew the answer . 
 she did n't sleep at night , too busy digitally infiltrating companies to copy information ! 
 damn her ! 
 he 'd started to think she was different from the other women ! 
 she 'd fooled him into thinking she was n't a money grubbing opportunist but she was worse that all the others . 
 he 'd played women 's games in the past , humoring his mistresses when he was pleased but ignoring their feminine manipulations when he was irritated . 
 wyndi had been different ! 
 at least he 'd thought so until he 'd uncovered her perfidy ! 
 `` we are heading to a secure location . 
 have no fear , my dear . 
 as long as you tell me what i need to know , no harm will come to you . '' 
 wyndi heard the words but had to play them over again in her mind , not sure that she 'd heard him correctly . 
 `` a secure location , '' she parroted , wondering what had happened to the warm , demanding lover of the previous night . 
 he folded his newspaper carefully , laying it on the table beside him . 
 `` yes . 
 a location where we can talk undisturbed and where you can give me all the information on what you 've been doing . '' 
 she blinked , not sure what he was talking about but definitely sure that she was scared now . 
 `` tamar , what are you talking about ? '' 
 she demanded , her hands forming fists so he could n't see her trembling . 
 `` where are we going and why ? '' 
 he regarded her for a long moment , considering the best way to get the information he needed . 
 finally , he waved to the seat across from him , indicating she should sit . 
 when she just glared back at him , he suppressed the amusement at her stubbornness . 
 `` as i said , we 're heading to a secure location where you will explain all of your illegal activities , you will tell me who you sold the information to and what data you sold , and then , depending on how cooperative you have been , i will decide whether to turn you over to the authorities or not . '' 
 wyndi swallowed painfully , feeling as if she might just throw up . 
 she 'd been caught ! 
 and not by the police or whatever authority regulates cyber-spying , but by a man whom she had trusted . 
 she 'd slept with this man , made love to him and drew him into her body . 
 she 'd begged him , pleaded with him to take her and he 'd built up her need so high that she 'd been his to command . 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 she gasped , sitting down only because her legs would n't hold her any longer . 
 `` what you did ... the things ... '' she stopped , feeling sick just thinking about the things they 'd done together . 
 shaking her head , she looked down at her fingers , a painful , humiliated feeling washing over her whole body . 
 `` you used me . '' 
 tamar could n't believe the anger that burst out of him . 
 he could honestly say that he 'd never been so furious in all his life . 
 `` i used you ? 
 that 's rich , my dear , since you have been sneaking into my companies and my government , stealing information . 
 how much money did you make selling proprietary information to my competitors ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` how many state secrets did you discover and sell to surisia 's enemies ? 
 are we vulnerable in some way ? '' 
 her mouth fell open as he spoke , stunned by his words and his accusations . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she asked , trying to make sense of this whole scene . 
 `` your program , the one that you developed , '' he spat out , pushing her laptop closer to her . 
 `` it was designed to break into company files and search for information . '' 
 he was n't asking , she understood . 
 he was accusing . 
 `` you think i created that code so i could steal information and sell it ? 
 sell it to whom ? '' 
 she asked , still not sure what he was talking about . 
 `` do n't lie to me ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` and do n't you dare try to play dumb ! 
 the person who created this code is brilliant ! '' 
 she crossed her arms over her chest belligerently , pushing her chin out because she was so scared and trying to hide it behind a facade of defiance . 
 `` i 'm not stupid . 
 nor am i even trying to convince you that i am . '' 
 `` are you telling me you did n't create this code ? '' 
 he demanded , leaning forward , his eyes burning with his anger . 
 `` i created it , '' she confirmed . 
 his temper rose several notches . 
 he felt like he was slowly burning up with the fury caused by her betrayal of his trust and the mounting evidence of how stupid she 'd made him look . 
 but with her admission , a small part of something inside of him unclenched . 
 `` glad to know there 's a small part of you that can be honest , '' he replied . 
 `` so next you 're going to create two lists . 
 the first one will include all the information you obtained from your program and the next list will provide me with every single person you sold the information to . 
 i want contact information , names , companies , titles if you know them and if you do n't , guess based on your conversations . 
 i also want every single piece of e-mail or digital communication you 've had with your contacts . '' 
 with that , he shoved a note pad towards her , slapping his pen down on top of it . 
 wyndi glared at the man who had held her so tenderly only hours ago . 
 what had happened ? 
 why was he doing this ? 
 and then she looked at her laptop . 
 it was laying there , so innocuously and yet it was obviously the bone of contention between the two of them . 
 a smarter woman might tell him what he wanted to know . 
 but he 'd basically kidnapped her , accused her of a horrible crime and was now debating her future without hearing any of the evidence . 
 unfortunately , she had a horrible stubborn streak inside of her , one that would n't allow her to give him what he was asking for simply because he was being a horrible human being . 
 if he 'd found the evidence back at her apartment and asked her about it , she might have given him at least part of the story . 
 she could n't ever tell him all of it . 
 she had to protect her brother until she knew what had happened to him . 
 royston had been more stubborn and defiant than she had ever been and wyndi was afraid he might have gone down the wrong path . 
 the possibility that he had died was not something she would even consider . 
 she had to continue to hope that he was out there . 
 and if he was in trouble , she would fix it for him . 
 somehow , some way , she was going to get her family back together , even if it was only the two of them . 
 she picked up the note pad and the pen , glaring at him the whole time . 
 she could tell from the look in his eyes that he was expecting a long , detailed list . 
 he even shifted in his chair , looking like he was some sort of king about to bestow a favor upon one of his subjects . 
 well , he might be a horrible royal to some kingdom or another , but she did n't care any longer . 
 she refused to care because he had n't trusted her . 
 she 'd given him her body and he 'd returned that gift with distrust and kidnapping . 
 tamar glared at her , surprised when she actually picked up the note pad and started writing . 
 but he knew she had n't been completely honest when she handed it back only seconds later . 
 he held her eyes for a long moment , trying to figure out her game . 
 when he looked down at what she 'd written , he had to admit that his previous thought was wrong . 
 the fury that exploded inside of him as he read the words , `` go to hell ! '' 
 exploded into a white-hot flame . 
 his previous assumption that he 'd never been so angry was surpassed by the intensity of what he was feeling now . 
 and she simply sat there , glaring back at him as if she had n't just lit the fuse of his temper . 
 but with merciless self-discipline , he contained the raging inferno . 
 calmly and with great care , he set the pad down on the table beside him and contemplated the beauty sitting in front of him so defiantly . 
 `` you do n't want to test me , my dear . 
 you have no idea who you are dealing with . '' 
 her chin went up another notch and she fought back the tears , refusing to give in to the release until she was alone . 
 `` oh , i do though . 
 i 'm sitting across from the worst excuse for a man i 've ever met . '' 
 at this point , she would have walked away , tried to find some way to exit the area but since they were on a plane , there was no place to go . 
 so she sat there , crossing her arms across her chest and glaring right back at him . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief when a phone on the table next to him rang . 
 he continued to stare at her as he picked it up and answered it . 
 unfortunately , she had no idea what he was saying since he was using that other language . 
 so she had to just sit there , trying to figure out how to extricate herself from this nightmare . 
 he ended one call and was about to speak but a lovely flight attendant stepped out of the front . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt , your highness , but the pilot has informed me that we will be landing in approximately five minutes . '' 
 tamar saw her pretty blue eyes change from defiance to anxiety and he smiled ruthlessly , contemplating his next step . 
 `` yes , you should be very worried , my dear . 
 you are now in my country , regulated by my laws . 
 and my authority . '' 
 `` you 're not the ruler here ! '' 
 she gasped , terrified of what he could do to her . 
 she pictured in her mind a horrible , damp cell where she 'd be forgotten . 
 that definitely was n't the rosy , family filled future she 'd been hoping for . 
 he chuckled and shook his head while he fastened his seat belt . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not the ruler . 
 but my cousin is . 
 and i can guarantee that i will have complete authority over you , my love . '' 
 she gasped , horrified at the possibilities . 
 `` i 'm not your ` love ' ! '' 
 she exclaimed , grasping on the only thing she could control at the moment . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` no . 
 there was no love lost between us , was there ? 
 it was a mutual exploitation . 
 you used me , and i used you to get information . '' 
 she could n't believe the harsh , stabbing pain that streaked through her chest from his words . 
 she wished she could come back with something equally painful to say back to him , but she just sat there , trying to hide her misery . 
 tamar cursed as he took in her wounded eyes . 
 she was a criminal , he reminded himself . 
 she 'd made a fool of him ! 
 she did n't deserve his compassion ! 
 he would use her , get the information he needed from her and then turn her over to the authorities to face charges of treason ! 
 she deserved nothing less , since she 'd chosen to follow the path of a criminal . 
 he should n't be hurt simply because he 'd said something that hurt her . 
 he turned away in disgust , not with her so much as with himself . 
 never had he allowed his personal feelings to get in the way of fulfilling his duties and protecting his country . 
 the plane landed smoothly and he stood up , buttoning his jacket before turning to extend a hand to her . 
 it was an automatic gesture but he just about ground his teeth in fury when she rejected his hand . 
 standing up , she glared up at him , looking for all the world like a conquering heroine that had been wronged . 
 damn , she was a good actress ! 
 `` this way , '' he told her and led the way off of the plane . 
 they did n't have time to talk since he 'd ordered his helicopter to be standing by . 
 as soon as his jet had landed , the rotors of the helicopter started moving . 
 so by the time he was off the plane , the bird was ready to take flight . 
 he ducked lower , about to enter through the side door , but he glanced back to make sure wyndi was following . 
 he was stopped by the look of sheer terror in her eyes . 
 she was n't moving , was n't even looking at him . 
 her eyes were glued to the swinging rotors , almost transfixed by their motion . 
 `` get in the helicopter , '' he told her when he was once again standing next to her . 
 wyndi looked up at him , trying to swallow past the lump in her throat but nothing was happening . 
 she could n't get on that helicopter . 
 there was simply no way . 
 her feet refused to carry her forward and there was n't anything he could do to get her there . 
 when tamar realized that she was n't going to get on board , he cursed under his breath . 
 with one swift movement , he lifted her into his arms and strode forward . 
 unfortunately , he had n't anticipated that her fears were real and she was n't just playing games . 
 he almost dropped her when her body went rigid , then began fighting him for everything she was worth . 
 it took all his concentration to get her on board . 
 by that time , she was sobbing in his arms and he did n't have the heart to toss her into the next seat . 
 he nodded to the pilot to take off , all the while holding wyndi gently in his arms , rocking her back and forth and rubbing her back while he whispered soothing noises to her , trying to calm her down . 
 thankfully , the flight was only twenty minutes , but it would have taken them more than an hour to get to his destination via car . 
 so when the machine set down , he told the pilot to halt the rotors . 
 he did n't move until all the dust had settled around them . 
 then he carefully picked her up and carried her inside . 
 he ignored the way her body was trembling violently and refused to think about how nice she felt with her face tucked into his neck so she could n't see anything . 
 her arms were iron bands around his neck and , in this instance at least , she trusted him to keep her safe . 
 he realized that her fears might be irrational , but they were very real , and he felt bad for forcing her to endure the short flight . 
 he carried her through his palace , ignoring the servants who were quickly bowing down as he passed . 
 he did n't stop until he pushed through the doors to his very own bedroom . 
 why he 'd brought her here instead of one of the smaller rooms that would be easier to guard , he had no idea . 
 all he knew was that he wanted answers and he was going to get them from this woman , one way or another . 
 wyndi looked up , trying to absorb this nightmare in which she 'd been dumped . 
 it simply was n't possible that she 'd been kidnapped ! 
 that the man who had been so funny , kind and sensual had turned into a monster , and she was now in a foreign country where she did n't know the rules . 
 no , these things happened in the movies and on television . 
 this was n't her life ! 
 this was just another nightmare in which she would wake up . 
 she just hoped she 'd wake up sooner rather than later because this was terrifying . 
 `` when you 're ready to cooperate , just let one of my body guards know . '' 
 he turned around and walked to the door but when his hand was resting on the doorknob , he stopped and turned around . 
 she looked so small and scared sitting in the middle of his bed . 
 was he doing the right thing ? 
 perhaps there was a better approach ... something that would be kind ... he swore once again and yanked open the door , refusing to let her lost , forlorn expression move him again . 
 it was all a lie and he hated liars . 
 especially liars that tried to fool him . 
 he went to his office and forced himself to deal with all the issues that had been piling up while he 'd been hunting down the hacker . 
 over the past two days , he 'd spent way too much time thinking about that woman . 
 even yesterday when he 'd been sitting in meetings , he had n't been paying attention , too occupied thinking of different ways to make love to her . 
 and that was probably the crux of the problem . 
 she 'd fit him so perfectly sexually , her drive was so in tune with his . 
 no matter where he touched her , she was breathless for more and he 'd felt the same way when she 'd touched him . 
 now he understood that it was all just a game , a way to hide her illegal activities so she would n't be prosecuted . 
 with brutal self-discipline , he forced his mind to work , focusing on his responsibilities and not allowing his mind to think of the slender , enticing and defiant prisoner currently in his bedroom . 
 chapter 5 wyndi pushed herself to the head of the bed , looking around and trying to figure out what she was going to do . 
 the sun was starting to set through the windows and she 'd already looked around this enormous room , trying to find a way out , to escape and , when that was not possible , just snooping through tamar 's things . 
 she 'd been kidnapped and , unless she was completely losing her mind , this was n't a nightmare . 
 when the lock sounded on the door , she stared at it anxiously . 
 tamar strode into the room followed by several servants who set up a table and some delicious smelling foods . 
 wyndi realized that she had n't eaten anything since the previous night 's pasta , but since she had no idea what time it was , or even where she was , she could n't figure out what meal this should be . 
 she was starving though , so she was n't going to turn this down . 
 `` come , '' he called out to her when they were alone once again . 
 so much for filling her painfully empty stomach , she thought angrily . 
 she 'd just been about to get up off the bed and find out what was under the silver covers , but when he ordered her around like a dog , that stubbornness flared to life once more . 
 she stared back at him , pretending like he had n't just ordered her to move and her stomach did n't feel like it was caving in from hunger . 
 with a sigh , he turned around and glared at her . 
 `` wyndi , it has now been more than eighteen hours since you last ate . 
 i know you are hungry , so stop being ridiculous and come sit down . '' 
 crossing her arms over her chest , she made herself more comfortable on the bed . 
 `` it does n't matter how hungry i might have been , my appetite simply disappeared the moment you entered the room . 
 i guess your presence now has that effect on me . '' 
 he wanted to applaud her spunk , but he was too worried about her getting some nutrition to be impressed . 
 taking another approach , he walked slowly over to the bed , his eyes moving over her slender figure suggestively . 
 `` i guess i 'll just have to interpret your lack of an appetite for food to be an appetite for me to join you in that large , comfortable bed . 
 is that right ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes flaring at the idea . 
 wyndi was having none of that ! 
 she jumped off of the bed , leaping to the opposite side to protect herself from him touching her . 
 `` do n't you dare ! '' 
 she growled angrily . 
 and with that rejection , the fire inside of him was once again ignited . 
 she did n't know him well enough , and if the truth were told , he did n't even understand his reaction to her lately , but her rejection of his touch only made him want to prove that she was n't as immune to his touch as she 'd like to claim . 
 it was as if he needed to put his stamp of ownership on her , to make her so crazy with desire that she would tell him everything he wanted to know . 
 with that intent in mind , he moved towards her , his intention clear . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she gasped when he had taken no more than three steps . 
 `` i 'm going to prove that you 're not as repulsed by my touch as you continue to assert . 
 that should go a long way towards proving that you are a liar . '' 
 she looked around , trying to figure out how to stop him . 
 when nothing occurred to her , she panicked . 
 `` please tamar ! 
 i 'll eat . 
 i 'm starving actually . 
 i really could use some food right now and what you 've provided smells absolutely delicious . '' 
 tamar stopped , looking at her pale skin and the glassy look in her eyes . 
 she definitely needed to eat something and he found that he could n't seem to push himself on her , even though he knew that it would take very little effort to get her purring in his arms once more . 
 priorities , he told himself . 
 she needed food , then she needed to understand that he would not tolerate her lies . 
 he reached out and took her hand , intending to drag her over to the table , but instead , he tucked her hand onto his arm and led her gently over to the table . 
 he even pulled out the chair for her despite the fact that he was sorely irritated with himself for giving her any kind of consideration . 
 `` tell me about your past . 
 what got you into the hacking business ? '' 
 he asked , sitting down across from her and lifting the silver covers off of several bowls filled with fragrant , diced meat , a bowl of black rice and various grilled vegetables . 
 wyndi contemplated ignoring him , remaining silent , but she was n't sure what he would do if she refused him . 
 and perhaps she might be able to get some information out of him if she cooperated slightly . 
 `` i learned how to write code in college , '' she explained as he filled her plate high with the black rice first , then the meat and vegetables . 
 he also handed her a sauce that smelled incredibly good . 
 she told him about her classes in various subjects , and how none had felt `` right '' to her until she started creating software code . 
 she 'd even developed a video game that would help kids with their math homework . 
 `` what happened with that ? '' 
 he asked , more intrigued than he wanted to admit . 
 she shrugged and looked down at her plate , surprised to find that she 'd eaten every morsel he 'd dished out for her . 
 `` i could n't get anyone to look at it . 
 they all said they would consider me for employment once i had more experience . '' 
 she laughed derisively . 
 `` it 's hard to get experience when no one will hire me . '' 
 her story eased something inside of him . 
 it was astonishing because a few hours ago , he 'd thought that nothing could make her crimes make sense to him . 
 `` is that why you started hacking into companies ? 
 to earn money since no one would hire you ? '' 
 she pulled back , stunned that he would go right for that door . 
 but why would n't he ? 
 `` you think you have me all figured out , do n't you ? '' 
 she asked , picking up her wine glass and taking a sip . 
 `` but you 're wrong . '' 
 he was surprised to find that he wanted to be wrong . 
 but the possibility of that was pretty slim , not with all the evidence he had against her . 
 even now , his technical team was working on her computer , finding all sorts of interesting code and the stored results . 
 the results were encrypted , but he was confident that they would find a solution to her encryption before the night was over . 
 `` why do n't you tell me where i 'm wrong ? '' 
 she thought about it , but she simply could n't trust him any longer . 
 `` let me go home and i 'll give you all the information you want . '' 
 `` give me the information i want and i 'll contemplate letting you go home , '' he countered . 
 she had to laugh , even though it probably was n't very funny . 
 `` i guess we 're at a stalemate , '' she said quietly . 
 `` how long are you going to keep me here ? '' 
 `` until you tell me what i want to know . 
 i wo n't allow my companies or my country to be hurt . 
 so i have to know what you sold and who you sold it to . 
 i have to limit my vulnerabilities . '' 
 she bit her lip , choosing her words carefully . 
 `` if i promise you that i did n't create any vulnerabilities with either surisia or your country , would you let me go ? '' 
 his finger rubbed the rim of the wine glass as he contemplated her request . 
 `` could you prove it ? '' 
 `` if you give me back my laptop , i could . '' 
 he chuckled and shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my beauty . 
 but you are a very skilled person with a computer . 
 giving you access to your computer is the very last thing i am willing to do . '' 
 `` then how am i going to prove anything to you ? '' 
 she demanded , exasperated but still seeing the humor . 
 `` tell me what i want to know . '' 
 she could n't stop the giggle that escaped her lips . 
 `` we 're going in a circle here . '' 
 he chuckled as well . 
 `` i guess we are at an impasse . 
 what are we going to do about that ? '' 
 `` you could trust me . '' 
 he threw back his head and laughed , delighted with her gamin expression despite himself . 
 she was truly a fascinating adversary . 
 his anger from this afternoon had completely dissipated , but he still needed to remain firm about his goals . 
 he could n't allow her to bring down jabril 's government or any of his businesses . 
 that was an absolute . 
 but perhaps he was going about the interrogation wrong . 
 he contemplated her lovely features across the table from him , thinking that he might get the information he wanted if he approached her differently . 
 his body would certainly agree with his next approach . 
 `` i must attend to some business , '' he said abruptly , standing up and coming to the other side of the table . 
 `` i will see you later , my beauty . '' 
 he reached down and took her hand , gently kissing her fingers before walking out the door . 
 wyndi was so startled by that touch , she was n't sure what to do or say . 
 or even how to react . 
 what happened to the man who had been livid with her only hours ago ? 
 she was so confused . 
 and scared . 
 she prowled the room , exploring the shelves and the various items . 
 she selected a book off of the shelf and curled up in one of the chairs , snuggling down to read the story . 
 she was surprised when she found herself intrigued by the plot , engrossed to the point of forgetting the time . 
 she had no idea how long she 'd been reading , but she finally accepted that she needed a light . 
 unfortunately , the only lights were on each side of the bed . 
 how was it that the whole room had only those two lamps ? 
 looking up at the ceiling , she found that there were recessed lights and even some modern looking hanging lights , but she could n't figure out how to turn them on . 
 so as much as she did n't want to get back into that bed , she could n't come up with an alternative . 
 the mystery she 'd selected had captured her mind and there did n't seem to be anyone coming to unlock the doors to release her . 
 there was n't any other form of entertainment either . 
 she curled up on the side of the bed , stuffing the multitude of pillows behind her back , making herself comfortable . 
 she figured she could jump up as soon as tamar came in . 
 if he even came back . 
 tamar refused to allow himself to return to his bedroom until later than normal . 
 he hounded his tech team , demanding that they do something to find the files he needed . 
 but they worked well into the night with no success . 
 they were n't finding any stolen information on her laptop . 
 at least not in the files they 'd been able to open up so far . 
 so here he was , looking down at the woman curled up on his bed and his body instantly started aching with the need to have her once again . 
 he walked to the side of his bed , looking down at her pale features shadowed by the dim light of his bedside lamp . 
 she truly was an exquisitely beautiful woman with delicate features and a full , luscious mouth that he wanted to taste even now . 
 stripping off his clothes , he considered all the ramifications of his next plan of action . 
 figuring there was no downside to making love , or more specifically , having sex , with this woman if it sped the process along and he got the information he needed , he tossed his clothes to the side , then lifted her into his arms , kissing her awake . 
 he knew the instant consciousness arrived because she stiffened in his arms . 
 but he 'd been prepared and , if there was one thing he 'd learned the previous two nights in this lovely woman 's arms , it was where she liked to be touched , the way she shivered with delight when he found all of her secret erogenous areas . 
 and he used that knowledge to his benefit , touching , kissing and caressing her until she was gasping for breath , begging him to finish what he 'd started . 
 and when it was all over , he held her in his arms as she gently fell asleep , almost purring with satisfaction . 
 chapter 6 `` you have the girl still ? '' 
 jabril asked as they walked through the tree lined courtyard together . 
 `` she 's still here , '' he confirmed . 
 wyndi had been here for the past week . 
 they bantered back and forth , both of them trying to oust the other from their positions . 
 he was surprised at how tenacious she could be , day after day . 
 but the nights ! 
 yes , the nights were the best . 
 he did n't mind seducing her every night . 
 he enjoyed her struggles to resist him because every time he touched her , every time she tried to resist the magic they shared , she lost . 
 they both came out the victor but , frustratingly , no matter how many nights he held her in his arms and made her delirious with desire , she still would n't give him any information . 
 they had spirited debates over meals and he was finding that he did n't like to be away from her . 
 he told his security team that he would do the interrogations , but he was starting to suspect that he simply enjoyed debating with her . 
 `` but she has n't revealed what she sold or to whom , '' jabril stated , not asking . 
 if any information had been obtained , jabril knew that his cousin would have relayed it already . 
 `` perhaps i can be of assistance , '' jabril offered , smiling gently when his wife laila walked up to him . 
 his arm automatically went around her waist , holding her close despite her protruding stomach that was nurturing their unborn child . 
 tamar considered his cousin carefully , not liking the idea of what jabril might suggest . 
 `` i can handle this , '' he said firmly . 
 `` are you talking about wyndi ? '' 
 laila asked , looking up at her husband of less than a year . 
 she still could n't believe how much she loved this man , even though she 'd fought hard against that dangerous emotion . 
 both men looked down at her , startled that she even knew the name . 
 `` how do you know about wyndi ? '' 
 tamar asked . 
 he liked laila and was glad that she was happy with his cousin . 
 jabril deserved all the happiness he could find and needed this woman who pulled him away from his duties , ensuring that he rested more than in the past . 
 she was good for jabril . 
 and good for surisia . 
 it was hard to look at the two of them though . 
 they were so much in love and tamar knew that he would never have that kind of relationship with a woman . 
 a picture of the blond temptress that had been driving him slowly insane over the last week came to mind . 
 but he mercilessly pushed her image away . 
 she was a criminal and definitely would n't be a good candidate for his wife . 
 nor would he even contemplate such a move . 
 he was only holding her here to get information out of her . 
 information that was becoming more elusive the harder everyone looked . 
 `` i met her when i was coming in a moment ago . 
 she 's a lovely woman , tamar . 
 i 'm glad you 've finally found someone who loves you like that . '' 
 tamar stared at the dark haired beauty as if she 'd just grown another head . 
 `` love ? '' 
 he spat out . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 laila blinked , surprised by the vehemence in tamar 's normally calm voice . 
 tamar was a good man , but he tended to dismiss the ladies a bit too easily . 
 she 'd struggled with her marriage to jabril because she 'd thought that her then-fiance was maintaining a mistress in both paris and new york . 
 in the end , it turned out that those apartments , and the mistresses that resided in both , were maintained by tamar now that jabril was the leader of surisia . 
 that did n't bode well for the incredible beauty she 'd just met . 
 the sadness in that woman 's eyes was ... well , laila looked up into tamar 's frustrated countenance and something clicked . 
 the expressions in both their eyes told her everything she needed to know . 
 `` let 's have dinner together . 
 just the four of us , '' she announced . 
 jabril looked down at her , worried at the idea of her dining with a criminal , especially someone who might have committed treason against surisia . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , my love . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 we all have to eat . 
 and she 's obviously being treated as more of a guest than a prisoner . '' 
 she watched the guilty flush steal over tamar 's handsome features . 
 `` so why not all eat together ? '' 
 tamar started to say something but was interrupted by jabril . 
 both of them were protesting , but laila simply waved their objections aside . 
 `` i 'll go arrange it . '' 
 and with that decree , she moved away from the two tall , dynamic men as quickly and gracefully as her six month pregnancy would allow . 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 jabril asked , staring at the door through which his wife had disappeared . 
 tamar was surprised at the question . 
 `` wyndi is very kind and gentle . 
 she 's not violent , '' he explained , knowing exactly what his cousin was asking . 
 jabril looked at tamar , stunned by the adamant defense of the woman that could be facing prison time . 
 there was something ... he looked back where his wife had gone , then at tamar , a smile breaking out on his face . 
 he smacked his cousin 's shoulder as he chuckled softly . 
 `` i think tonight 's dinner is going to be quite revealing . '' 
 and with that , he walked away to find his wife once again . 
 several hours later , tamar entered the formal dining room where wyndi was already waiting . 
 `` you look lovely , '' he said , surveying her light blue cocktail dress with interest . 
 he 'd ordered new clothes to be delivered to her earlier in the week , tired of seeing her in the same old jeans and tee-shirt . 
 it was amazing what an experienced seamstress could do for a woman 's figure , he thought , his eyes moving over her tiny waist and full breasts , subtly displayed in the gown . 
 wyndi spun around , ready to take on the next step in their seemingly never ending battle . 
 but she was struck by how handsome he looked in his tuxedo . 
 `` goodness , '' she breathed , in awe of his looks . 
 she could n't tear her eyes away from him . 
 which is how laila found them , her hand tucked onto her husband 's arm with a huge grin on her face . 
 `` good evening , wyndi . 
 i 'm so glad you could join us for dinner tonight . '' 
 wyndi tore her eyes away from tamar to look at the lush beauty that she 'd met earlier today . 
 the woman was quite stunning with her lovely brown eyes and rose tinted skin . 
 she was now standing next to a very tall , very intimidating man . 
 wyndi wanted to shrink backwards but she was n't sure why . 
 when she felt tamar 's hand move around her waist protectively , she felt safer , leaning into his hard strength and oblivious to her actions . 
 but laila noticed . 
 and her smile brightened as she took in the couple . 
 she was so thrilled that tamar had found a love that might be as strong as what she 'd found with her husband ! 
 `` so , tell me about yourself , '' laila urged , sitting down in the chair her husband held out for her . 
 wyndi also took a seat , sitting across from the lovely woman , feeling washed out and bland next to her exotic loveliness . 
 `` there is n't really much to tell , '' she replied carefully . 
 was this yet another trick where tamar tried to get her to reveal her secrets ? 
 she was growing wary of their constant battles . 
 but she also knew that she could n't tell tamar everything . 
 there was just something holding her back that she could n't define . 
 `` what do your parents do ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 whatever wariness she felt around tamar did n't apply to the beauty across the table from her . 
 she was sweet and kind , gentle in her questions , and wyndi simply would n't believe that she was trying to get information out of her . 
 and after a week of hostile or cajoling tamar , she was n't able to stop herself from telling this woman about her past . 
 looking down at her plate , she fiddled with her fork , unable to watch tamar for his reaction . 
 `` my parents died when i was six years old . '' 
 there was a stunned silence after that little bombshell . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 laila asked gently . 
 wyndi might have been able to withstand tamar 's orders or his questions while he drove her insane with sexual need , but she could n't suppress the sadness that crept throughout her body as she explained her past to this kind woman . 
 `` they were driving over to a party . 
 my brother was babysitting me . '' 
 she looked up , then down again as she fought the tears welling in her eyes . 
 `` he 's ten years older than i am so he was doing his homework when the police arrived at the door to tell us about the accident . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` he was wonderful though . 
 he fought so hard to keep us together . 
 he got a job after school , even tried to drop out of school to support me . 
 but in the end , he could n't make enough money as a high school student to provide food and maintain the payments on the house . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders as she took a sip of her water . 
 `` when child protective services arrived , he tried to carry me away . 
 i was sobbing , which only made it harder for him , '' she told the group softly . 
 `` but i was put into foster care . 
 he was too , but he kept running away , trying to find me and take care of me . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 jabril prompted . 
 wyndi wiped the tear from her cheek , then hid her trembling hands underneath the linen covered tablecloth . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she looked over at tamar , daring him to call her a liar . 
 `` that 's what the code is for . 
 i 'm not stealing any information , '' she told him without any inflection in her voice . 
 `` i 'm searching through any database i can get into , trying to find his name so i can find him . '' 
 she sat there in the silence , not sure what to say now that she 'd demolished the mood for the night . 
 she breathed deeply and looked up , forcing a smile on her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` i did n't sell any information to anyone , i do n't have any contacts with nefarious people who are trying to bring down your government , '' she said to both tamar and jabril . 
 `` i just need to find my brother . 
 if you let me use my computer , i can show you all of the data , all the places i 've gone , all the companies i 've searched through to prove that i have n't done anything other than sift through the names of the employees . '' 
 she stood up and walked away with as much dignity as she could under the circumstances . 
 she braced herself , afraid tamar might call out for her to stop , but she could n't stop . 
 she had to get away , she had to find a place where she could hide , to get her emotions under control . 
 she was almost running by the time she reached his bedroom and she burst into it , slamming the door closed behind her as she sobbed out her anguish over her lost family . 
 she sat down in the comfortable chair that she 'd used almost every day while waiting for tamar 's next interrogation or battle of wills , whatever he wanted to call it . 
 she could n't believe she 'd actually told him all of that . 
 she 'd fought so hard to keep it her own secret and she did n't want anyone to know , not until she 'd found her brother . 
 but it was out now . 
 and tamar could believe her or not . 
 tamar watched her leave , something inside of him aching painfully . 
 he 'd listened to her story and he had no doubt that she was telling him the truth . 
 in fact , now that he knew what she was doing , a lot of what his tech team had found finally made sense . 
 as well as the reason why they had n't found any stolen information on her computer , no contacts , not even her co-workers or friends in college . 
 he suddenly realized that her whole world was about finding her brother and he 'd taken a week away from her , abusing her trust and her soul in the process . 
 he stood up , not even excusing himself to his cousin or his wife as he hurried to follow her . 
 he had no concerns that she would run away from him . 
 he knew her well enough now , knew exactly where he would find her . 
 sure enough , as soon as he opened the doors to his bedroom , he spotted her sitting stiffly on her favorite chair . 
 his favorite chair too . 
 it was the chair he used late at night when he wanted to review information privately . 
 and every night , he 'd found her in that chair , her slender legs tucked up underneath her as she read through his library . 
 as he looked down at her , he knew that she was fighting an internal battle with every fiber of her being . 
 he could n't allow that . 
 it would tear her up , make her sick . 
 so he bent down low , lifting her into his arms and sat down with her in his lap . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 the simple words , spoken with intense honesty , broke through her control and she shuddered , leaning her head against him . 
 she cried out her frustration on not making any progress finding her brother , her anger over his distrust of her and life in general . 
 and the whole time , he simply held her in his arms . 
 when the storm had finally died out , he looked down at her , his eyes searching hers but he was n't sure what for . 
 `` will you let me help you ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 that question startled her . 
 `` why would you help me ? '' 
 he leaned back , bringing her with him so she was almost laying against his chest . 
 `` because i need to . '' 
 she definitely did n't like the sound of that . 
 `` i do n't need your pity , '' she told him forcefully , trying to sit up but he simply held her close again , kissing the top of her head . 
 `` this has nothing to do with pity . 
 i ca n't explain it though . 
 but i need to help you . '' 
 she wiggled in his arms , not sure what he was saying . 
 and at this point , she was too exhausted to try to figure anything out . 
 `` this is my personal mission , tamar . '' 
 `` you want to find your brother . 
 i have more resources than you do and i can get this task done more quickly . '' 
 she wanted to laugh at his arrogance . 
 `` you do n't even know if you can find him , '' she replied back . 
 her eyes were fluttering , the wave of emotions draining her . 
 `` you 're going to have to trust me on this , '' he told her , not missing the irony of his command . 
 she laughed , but she was already more than halfway asleep . 
 when he knew she was fully asleep , he lifted her up and undressed her carefully , laying her in the bed and pulling the covers over her . 
 he would be back , but he had things to do before he could hold her . 
 an hour later , he was back and she 'd barely stirred . 
 he stripped off his own clothes and got into bed beside her , pulling her against him . 
 it took him a long time to finally get to sleep , but in the end , she was just too soft and warm . 
 her heat lulled him to sleep and he held her close to him throughout the night . 
 chapter 7 wyndi looked around , feeling completely relaxed for the first time in a long time . 
 she shifted her head on the pillows and noticed tamar sleeping next to her . 
 she could n't believe that she 'd finally told him everything last night . 
 maybe now he would let her get back to new york so she could renew her search . 
 would he let her keep her laptop ? 
 she was n't sure how long it would take her to purchase a new one if he confiscated the other . 
 she smiled at the idea that he might keep it just so she could n't use her code to get in and out of companies ' databases . 
 she would let him continue to think she would n't be able to recreate it . 
 it might take her a couple of days , but she remembered the way she 'd developed the program before . 
 it would n't take her nearly as long this time around . 
 `` you 're awake , '' he grumbled beside her . 
 wyndi 's eyes snapped up to his , feeling his body react . 
 `` you 're going to let me go now , right ? '' 
 she asked , worried that he might not believe her in the morning light . 
 he shifted against her , pulling her underneath him . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't think i can ever let you go , '' he said a moment before he captured her lips with his . 
 he 'd been tormenting her sexually for a week now , but as he touched her and made her crazy this time , it was different . 
 the chemistry was still there , more powerful actually . 
 but there was an intensity that had n't been there before . 
 she was breathless , crazed and desperate by the time he finally slid into her heat . 
 and she welcomed him , needing him more than she ever had in the past . 
 when she finally found her release , she did n't realize that her hands were gripping his arms as if she were afraid he might disappear . 
 she did n't realize what she was doing , but tamar did . 
 and he felt the same way . 
 it was as if he needed to brand her with his touch , to show her with his caresses what he could n't quite figure out with words . 
 and when it was all over and they were laying in each other 's arms trying to catch their breath , he suddenly knew what he had to do . 
 convincing her might be an issue , but he knew that his plan was essential to both of their futures . 
 `` come with me , '' he said and took her hand , pulling her into the shower . 
 they quickly soaped and rinsed , tamar washing her hair simply because he liked running his fingers through her curly blond locks . 
 she pulled on an elegant pair of black slacks and a sunny , lemon yellow sweater with short , puffy sleeves that should have made her skin look sallow , but instead , it imbued her complexion with a warmth that she was n't used to . 
 `` this way , '' he said and pulled her down the long hallway . 
 wyndi had no idea what he was doing or where they were going , but he was a different man today . 
 it was like the previous lover she 'd had back in new york had returned . 
 she was thrilled , but also very confused . 
 when he opened another door , she was stunned to step into what appeared to be a black room filled with about ten or more enormous monitors . 
 on each one , something was happening . 
 but it was n't there that tamar directed her attention . 
 there were three men sitting at a table , each one with a computer in front of them and they were clicking through the keys . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes taking in all the details . 
 some of the information was in english , some in other languages and even more with letters she could n't even identify . 
 `` they have several leads on your brother , '' tamar explained , leaning down to survey the information already accumulated . 
 `` we found the foster home that he 'd originally been placed into . 
 but since he was a runaway , he was a risk factor so he quickly worked his way through all the possible foster homes . 
 he was placed in a group home and had some legal problems , but someone , we 're not sure who , took care of him . 
 he finally graduated high school with honors , then moved on to college where he graduated magna cum laude in business administration . 
 we 've lost him there , but there are some strong possibilities that jeremy is following up with . '' 
 wyndi 's eyes were wide with amazement . 
 `` jeremy ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 a man sitting at one of the computers raised his hand , but quickly went back to focusing on his screen , his finger flying over the keyboard . 
 `` i see , '' she said , overwhelmed by all of this . 
 she looked up at tamar 's face , unable to see his eyes because they were so dark and the room was even darker . 
 but she could feel him , feel something in his look that struck a chord deep down inside of her . 
 `` you did all this , discovered all of this information just since i told you about my brother last night ? '' 
 she asked , barely speaking above a whisper . 
 he took her hands , needing to touch her , to feel her since he could n't read the expression in those gorgeous blue eyes of hers . 
 `` are you mad at me ? '' 
 he asked , not really sure . 
 she tried to speak , but she was just so filled with gratitude and a strange , not very comfortable emotion that she could n't really define . 
 `` i love you ! '' 
 she gasped , then covered her mouth , shocked that those words had just burst out of her . 
 `` i mean ... '' `` no , '' he said and pulled her closer , `` i wo n't let you take them back . '' 
 he pulled her away , out of the dark room and back into the sun-filled courtyard that had n't heated up yet as it would later in the day . 
 `` i love you too , wyndi . 
 i do n't understand how it happened , but you got through all of my defenses . 
 and i treated you abominably . 
 my only excuse is , from the first moment we met , you were different , love . 
 i did n't understand it , i did n't even want to feel it . 
 so when i found something about you that would alleviate this confusion , i grasped onto it . 
 i called you a liar and a cheat , a criminal and all i wanted to do the whole time was to pull you into my arms and make sure you were kept safe . 
 that 's why i brought you here instead of to jabril once i discovered you were the one who had been hacking into government databases . 
 i wanted to protect you but i did n't really know how or what i was protecting you from . '' 
 she covered her mouth as his words sunk in . 
 `` i know , '' she whispered , her hand slowly moving away from her mouth . 
 `` i hated you so much for what you did , but whenever you left me , whenever you were n't there to argue with these past few days , i felt like a part of me was missing . '' 
 he let out a rush of air as he pulled her against his chest , his hands diving into her hair to tangle in her blond curls . 
 `` what have we done to each other ? '' 
 he asked softly , kissing her head , her ears and her neck . 
 `` i promise i 'll make it up to you , love . 
 i 'll make sure you never cry again . 
 i 'll find your brother and , no matter what news we discover , i 'll be right there , helping you through it all . '' 
 `` i love you , '' she burst out again , wrapping her arms around his lean waist , squeezing him with all of the emotions she was feeling and did n't understand how to handle . 
 `` i love you so much . 
 and i 'm sorry i did n't trust you . 
 i 'm sorry i was breaking into your company files illegally . 
 and i promise i did n't do anything to hurt surisia . 
 i never sold any information to anyone , nor has anyone ever approached me to do anything like that . '' 
 `` i know love . 
 i know it all . '' 
 he kissed her again , trying to soothe her but soothing himself as well . 
 `` hush , '' he urged when she started crying . 
 `` i do n't want to make you sad . '' 
 he bent down , trying to see into her eyes . 
 `` why are you sad now ? 
 i promise i 'll make everything better if you 'll just tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 she laughed and pulled him closer , her cheek resting against his chest so she could hear his wonderful heart . 
 `` i know . 
 and i love you . 
 i 'm not sad . 
 i 'm happy . 
 you 've made me so happy i do n't know how to deal with it . '' 
 he hugged her closer once again . 
 `` well , that 's not something i know how to fix . '' 
 he leaned back and pulled something out of his pocket . 
 `` there 's just one more thing i need to know . '' 
 she blinked , trying to focus on his wonderful face but it was still blurry from her tears . 
 `` what 's that ? 
 i 'll tell you anything you need to know . '' 
 `` will you marry me ? '' 
 he asked , holding a stunning , gorgeous ring between his thumb and forefinger . 
 when her eyes finally were able to focus on the sparkle , she could n't breathe , could n't speak . 
 her mouth fell open , not because of the enormous size of the diamond , but because this was the absolute last thing she 'd expected from him . 
 she glanced up into his eyes , then back at his hand . 
 `` yes , '' she finally said , a whisper of a smile starting to form on her face as she realized what he was asking of her . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she said with more force . 
 and with that , she threw her arms around his neck , loving the way he picked her up , squeezing her so tightly , she almost could n't breathe . 
 she did n't care . 
 not one little bit as long as he was holding her . 
 epilogue `` do i look okay ? '' 
 she asked , smoothing down the linen skirt , wishing she 'd worn the summer wool dress instead . 
 tamar looked down at her pretty blue dress , reassurance shining through his eyes . 
 `` you look lovely , '' he said , taking her hand in his to give her support . 
 `` do you think he 'll recognize me ? '' 
 that was the big question , he thought . 
 `` i do n't know what you looked like as a child . 
 were you different then ? '' 
 they were standing in front of the building now , her hands shaking with fear , anticipation , hope and anxiety . 
 `` what if he does n't want anything to do with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 tamar gave her name to the receptionist , telling her he had an appointment with royston carmichael . 
 with a gentle smile , he cupped her cheek with his hand . 
 `` then i will destroy him , '' he said , simply and without remorse . 
 he did n't see the shocked expression on the receptionist 's face as she heard those words , his whole focus on this one woman and her nervousness at meeting her brother for the first time in years . 
 the simple statement did the trick . 
 she laughed , assuming he was joking with her . 
 but tamar was n't joking . 
 if this carmichael man hurt his wife in any way , tamar would ensure that the man 's empire , though very impressive , was taken apart , piece by piece . 
 if the man knew what was best , he would at least feign interest in his long , lost sister . 
 the receptionist gave them directions to the top floor , explaining how to get up there and who would be at the other end . 
 they arrived on the executive floor easily , but as soon as they stepped off of the elevator , wyndi started to have second thoughts . 
 `` maybe he 's fine without me , '' she said , looking around for an escape route . 
 `` he 's done so well for himself ! 
 he does n't need me anymore . '' 
 tamar would n't let her back out of it now . 
 it had taken them over a month to find this man . 
 if he did n't want to deal with his sister , so be it . 
 but she had to find out . 
 she had to at least talk to him , hear his side of things . 
 but there was also a burning fury in his gut that a man with this many resources had n't tried to find his sister . 
 it would have taken so little time , so little effort , but none of the man 's substantial wealth had been expended in searching for the girl he 'd lost so many years ago . 
 `` mr. yarin ? '' 
 a dignified woman asked politely . 
 normally , tamar would have corrected the woman on his title , but looking down at his wife 's nerves , he did n't really care what this assistant called him as long as he could get wyndi through this quickly . 
 `` this way , please , '' she said . 
 `` mr. carmichael has been expecting you . '' 
 they walked down a long , elegantly decorated hallway . 
 when the woman was standing in front of a set of double doors , she knocked quickly , then pushed her way inside . 
 `` mr. yarin is here for your twelve-thirty appointment , sir . '' 
 and with that , she backed out of the office , allowing tamar and wyndi to move inside . 
 wyndi looked around and spotted the tall , very handsome man with the dark blond hair stand up and come around his massive desk . 
 `` prince yarin , '' her brother started to say . 
 but as she watched , her brother stopped in midstride , looking directly at her and his whole body changed . 
 `` wyndi ! '' 
 he breathed . 
