 they say the only thing worse than not getting what you want is getting what you want . 
 well , i had wanted stone-black destroyed . 
 i 'd studied the owners and seen pictures of mr. stone and swore that i would do my best to take him and his company down . 
 then i 'd met him . 
 then i 'd fallen for him . 
 and i 'd found that he was n't the culprit . 
 but still , stone-black was going to be destroyed . 
 and there i was , wrapped in a towel still dripping water on to an expensive carpet , a length of rope in my hands that had very recently been used to bind me , and my boss , mr. jackson stone , in front of me , his eyes mirrors , doubt creeping like a poison through his body . 
 `` i would never ... '' i begun . 
 normally , mr. stone was in control of his emotions . 
 he had his standard mr. stone face - flat and unreadable - and this was the one he showed the world . 
 it was his mask and he had worn it so long it had become him . 
 but now , there was no mask . 
 he was furious . 
 he let go of the phone and took two steps across the room to stand in front of me . 
 was this it ? 
 i was about to be fired and thrown out while wearing a towel ? 
 by a gorgeous man wearing a towel ? 
 mr. stone slipped the coiled rope from my hands and placed it on the carpet beside him . 
 then he stroked his fingers up my arm until they came to rest on my collar . 
 `` even after all we 've been through ... you still do n't trust me , '' he stated . 
 `` i do trust you . 
 it 's just ... how this looks . 
 the files gone and i asked you to come here . '' 
 `` you do n't trust my feelings about you . 
 that i 'm fickle or that i 'll suspect you 're lying to me and it 's all over , even without any proof . '' 
 his voice had softened and somehow that was infinitely worse than flat emotionless . 
 i heard the pain and it shredded me . 
 he was right ... i was assuming what was happening in his mind . 
 i trusted him to bind me , to suspend me from a ceiling with no way to escape , to have me wear a buzzing sex toy to a party ... but i did n't trust that his affection for me was n't going to evaporate in an instant . 
 even as i thought the word affection i felt another word shadowing it . 
 love . 
 did i ? 
 and did he ? 
 mr. stone stepped closer to me and stroked his fingers across the back of my neck . 
 my hair was still wet and dripping from our shower together . 
 the nearness of his body simultaneously comforted me and sent a thrill of nerves fluttering up from my stomach . 
 `` if you 're to be mine , you must trust me , '' he said . 
 we stepped into each other , his lips finding mine in a kiss that left me breathless . 
 his strong arms clenched around my body and i felt i was enclosed in a warm prison to which i held all the keys . 
 `` i do and i will , sir , '' i said . 
 he looked down at wet footprints across the floor and then expanding damp circle from my wet hair . 
 `` tsk tsk , getting the floor wet . 
 i will have to do something about that . '' 
 he tugged on my collar softly . 
 `` next time , '' he added . 
 i followed him back into the bathroom and we both silently finished drying off . 
 i had n't thought my clothing choices through so i only had the blue dress to put back on . 
 sexy : yes . 
 any protection from the elements : no . 
 thankfully , the elevator was enclosed and mi-oh was waiting outside with the bentley running . 
 we pulled into traffic before mr. stone spoke again . 
 `` whomever took those files has the upper hand now . 
 without the paper trail , i ca n't stop them . 
 i ca n't even find them . '' 
 he seemed despondent , as though the weight of it all was slowing crushing him . 
 `` what about the computer files ? 
 there are copies . 
 electronic trails ? '' 
 `` they 've already been changed . 
 the fakes are in place and there is no computer trail . 
 whomever this is - a business or a person - they 've covered their tracks . 
 they 've beaten me . '' 
 `` we 'll find a way , '' i said . 
 i had nothing else . 
 mr. stone lapsed back into silence but kept checking his phone as though he expected to see something on it that would solve this problem . 
 he had been tense today while we were trying to find evidence of mr. black 's crimes hidden in the paperwork but this was a whole new person . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 it 'll all be fine ? 
 i felt sick to my stomach to think that a team of men had broken into the mansion . 
 if we 'd been there what would have happened ? 
 blackmail had been bad enough and now the idea of actual violence and real danger was terrifying . 
 we returned to the mansion to find a locksmith repairing the front door under nadine 's supervision . 
 he was just finishing up as we pulled up . 
 mr. stone thanked him and then sent nadine home , telling her she was on full-paid leave until further notice . 
 in the east wing room we 'd been working from , every scrap of paper was gone along with mr. stone computer . 
 i found myself following him around like a lost puppy , wanting to comfort him but afraid to do more than clasp his hand . 
 i wanted to much to make this better but i did n't know what to do . 
 first my apartment and now his mansion . 
 would there be anywhere safe ? 
 we had dinner , roast chicken and vegetables that nadine had left behind and talked about anything and everything from my past . 
 any time the conversation turned around to him or what was going on now , he just smiled and redirected . 
 i talked about high-school crushes and ridiculous teenage love affairs and the time my mother brewed home-made ginger beer but put too much sugar in it so the bottles started exploding . 
 we ate dessert -lrb- an amazing chocolate self-saucing pudding -rrb- and even though i knew what mr. stone was doing , somehow it worked and every now and again we 'd be laughing . 
 finally , we went to bed after showering together and in the dark , mr. stone softly kissed me as he held me close . 
 i had come to bed in a very flimsy nightgown and nothing else and after our soft kisses became hard kisses , i slid it upwards and mr. stone stroked his fingers across my pussy . 
 i reached for his cock but every time i did , he moved out of my grasp and held my arms , driving me wild . 
 i could n't take it any longer . 
 i twisted my hands free and pulled his boxers down in one smooth move . 
 as he grinned in the dark , i pounced on top of him and then slid down on to his cock . 
 i moaned as it slipped inside me before pulling my nightgown off . 
 i was completely naked on top of him , overheating with lust . 
 he gripped my hips and as i moved back and forth began to pull and pull in my rhythm . 
 i had my hands on his chest , pushing down as i moved my hips back but soon i arched my back and used my hands to push my flying hair out of my face . 
 mr. stone was breathing heavily beneath me and i fucked him , riding his thick cock like a cowboy . 
 `` oh fuck , '' i heard him say beneath me and i felt his movements start to quicken . 
 although i was close myself i deliberately slowed down . 
 i grabbed his hands from my hips and pinned them next to his head . 
 he was stronger than me , my dom , my master and could flip me over any time he wanted but he held still as i fucked him . 
 i sped up , jolting my hips back and forth and began moaning as i got closer . 
 soon i was groaning and wailing like a mad woman . 
 his cock felt enormous but somehow i was slipping up and down on it with every movement . 
 i came , shuddering on top of him and i felt him come inside me . 
 i let go of his arms and he wrapped them around me as i collapsed on top of him . 
 after a few minutes i slid off him and turned over . 
 he spooned me and i sighed , well ready to sleep before i felt his cock press against me from behind . 
 i wriggled my ass against him and between one movement and the next he was inside me . 
 he began to move slowly in and out and i sighed in his warm strong embrace . 
 mr. stone sped up at some point , gripping my hip with one hand and the back of my hair with the other and this time i came with him pounding into me from behind . 
 he slowed down while my eyes were still spinning and enclosed me in his arms again . 
 i nuzzled his arm and then nipped it gently as he thrust into me once more . 
 we went to sleep like that . 
 him holding me , asleep inside . 
 * i woke up in the pitch darkness with an image throbbing in my mind : a box in the back of a dark room . 
 when i 'd first started collecting contracts i 'd taken out three and hidden them in the back corner of the archives . 
 i had no real reason for this apart from wanting to look at them at my leisure and not wanting anyone else to find them . 
 now that the rest of the contracts were gone , those ones might be the last left with matt black 's signature on them . 
 i turned over to tell mr. stone but the bed was empty . 
 i fumbled for the light and then saw it was 2am and yet again i was alone . 
 i was all for my mysterious man coming and going but sometimes a girl wanted to wake up with her man beside her ! 
 i wrapped a robe around me and padded out into the hallway . 
 i heard the low tones of mr. stone 's voice so i followed it and found him in his study , standing before a blazing fire . 
 he finished his call as i appeared in the doorway . 
 `` there are more contracts ! '' 
 i blurted out before he could say anything . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i explained how i 'd taken three contracts out and hidden them in a back of the archives . 
 mr. stone crossed the room in two steps and kissed me . 
 `` we need to retrieve them immediately . 
 every little piece of evidence we can keep is vital . 
 meet me downstairs in ten minutes . '' 
 we rushed off to our respective rooms to dress . 
 i grabbed a pair of jeans , a t-shirt and a jacket . 
 i met mr. stone downstairs . 
 he took me by the hand and led me off towards the back of the mansion and then down a corridor i 'd never walked down . 
 it went to an elevator that took us one floor down and opened into an underground garage filled with many bright and shiny cars . 
 `` is that the james bond car ? '' 
 i said as he rushed me along towards a black suv that was parked on the far wall . 
 `` one of them , '' he replied . 
 we got into the suv and mr. stone drove us out the exit which was cleverly hidden around the side of the mansion . 
 `` many hidden rooms huh ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` there 's a lot more than that , '' he said and winked before putting his foot down . 
 we raced through the city , only having to stop once at a red light . 
 the rest of the time the traffic gods smiled on us and we zipped through green after green . 
 as we drove mr. stone told me about some more transactions he 'd found and his suspicions that there had been payments going to overseas shell companies . 
 `` so mr. black is taking the money for himself ? '' 
 i asked as we arrived out the front of stone-black . 
 `` i think he could be paying some people he definitely does n't want to be in business with . 
 i hope not - for his sake . '' 
 we entered the building and descended to the archives . 
 the lights flickered on automatically and i quickly led mr. stone to where i 'd hidden the contracts . 
 i pulled open the box half-expecting to find it empty but they were still there . 
 he grabbed them and flicked through , his smile getting bigger with each page . 
 `` i am so happy you came into my life , '' he said , grinning down at the contract . 
 wow . 
 `` me too , '' i answered . 
 not my best work but hey , it was the middle of the night . 
 `` i need to go upstairs for a moment . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he folded the contracts into his jacket before leading the way out . 
 i felt my spirits rising . 
 finally some good news . 
 this web that mr. black had woven was big and complicated and from what i 'd seen so far , it was going to be difficult to work out but seeing mr. stone happy at finding these final contracts made me feel things could work out . 
 we reached the top floor , mr. stone striding across my office to his like a man possessed . 
 he pushed the heavy doors open and then stopped so suddenly i nearly ran into the back of him . 
 mr. black was sitting behind his desk . 
 `` stay behind me , '' mr. stone whispered . 
 mr. black looked up from the computer as we entered and smiled like he was at a party . 
 `` so good to see you both ! 
 good work delilah ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you brought jackson here for me and the contracts too . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i 'm not working with him , '' i protested to mr. stone . 
 he just nodded in reply . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 asked mr. stone . 
 `` this is half my company too . '' 
 he must have seen me glance up at the roof . 
 `` do n't worry , i 've disabled the security cameras . 
 and i do n't have a gun . '' 
 `` good , then i can break your fucking nose , '' mr. stone replied . 
 `` you could try but then there is the matter of the pyromaniac here . 
 seems she burned down stone pharma and can you believe , a few other places as well . 
 then she kept souvenirs in her apartment . '' 
 `` do n't drag her into our problem matt . 
 she 's innocent . '' 
 `` i do n't care ! 
 give me the contracts or she goes to jail forever ! '' 
 mr. black suddenly shouted , leaping up from the chair . 
 `` we can pay off the money . 
 i 'll help you . 
 then we 'll split up the business and go our separate ways . 
 you do n't have to do this . '' 
 `` or ... you can pay off the money , we 'll split up the business and you 'll leave with nothing . '' 
 `` we have thousands of people working for us ! 
 they have mortgages and families . 
 do n't you care ? '' 
 mr. black laughed and rolled his eyes . 
 `` oh please , jackson . 
 you do n't think your pile of money is pure as the driven snow do you ? 
 you remember those kids sleeping next to the machine , right ? 
 which room of your mansion do you think their blood money bought you ? '' 
 `` we ended that , '' mr. stone said , gritting his jaw . 
 `` you did n't have the stomach for what had to be done so you looked away while i did what we had to . 
 are you pretending that you did n't know anything about poor little bedford ? '' 
 what was mr. black talking about ? 
 mr. stone had sworn to me that he had nothing to do with what had happened . 
 `` i knew that you were an untrustworthy snake . 
 my error was in believing that you could become a better man . '' 
 `` i am the better man and now i 'm going out on my own . '' 
 `` how much will it take ? '' 
 mr. stone asked . 
 `` everything . '' 
 `` have you set it up ? '' 
 mr. stone voice was a flat monotone . 
 `` it 's just a neat little split and swap . 
 you know how it 's done . '' 
 mr. stone nodded and sat down behind his desk . 
 he dropped the contracts beside him . 
 mr. black stepped out of arm 's reach . 
 `` you do n't have to do this ! '' 
 i could n't let this happen . 
 he was going to give it all up for me ? 
 `` trust me , '' mr. stone said . 
 he drew out the pause . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` blah blah , get it done , '' mr. black sneered . 
 mr. stone tapped his keyboard and then his phone buzzed . 
 mr. black checked it before handing it over to him . 
 he tapped the phone and then let out a sigh before standing up and walking over to me . 
 `` just wait a moment please , '' mr. black said , holding up his hand . 
 his phone buzzed and he began tapping away . 
 this is what it took to destroy a company ? 
 to strip it all away from mr. stone and give it to mr. black ? 
 `` we 're done . 
 you can go . 
 but remember ... i have the little pyromaniac 's evidence just in case you think of doing anything stupid . '' 
 `` oh , do n't look so concerned , '' he said to me . 
 `` the rich hardly ever go to jail . 
 he 'll pay some fines , bankrupt some businesses but at night he 'll still be sleeping in that ridiculous mansion of his with your mouth wrapped around his tiny dick . '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 `` i know you want to but i do n't fuck whores . '' 
 mr. stone turned around , fury in his face . 
 `` you 're a fool . 
 i was willing to help you but you 're not going to talk to delilah like that . '' 
 `` oh , that true love thing again is it jackson ? 
 you know she wanted to fuck me , just like all your other girlfriends . 
 this is getting boring though . 
 get out of my office . '' 
 `` maybe you should check all those investors you had lined up . 
 did you complete your due diligence i wonder ? 
 that was never your style . 
 too boring was n't it ? 
 too busy trying your hardest to fuck everything that moved . '' 
 mr. black glanced down at his phone . 
 `` i 'd check sbu . 
 and richmond associates . 
 then move on to delfrey . '' 
 mr. black 's reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a black and silver pistol . 
 `` i lied . 
 i do have a gun . 
 stay right where you are . '' 
 mr. stone stepped in front of me , shielding me from the gun . 
 over his shoulder i saw the moment it happened as mr. black tapped his phone : his face drained of all color except for two red spots high on his cheeks . 
 he went so pale i thought he might pass out right then . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 he said . 
 his voice was trembling and so was the arm holding the gun . 
 `` only what you taught me , '' mr. stone said . 
 `` by the way , we have your men who broke into my house . 
 there were tracking dots on those papers . 
 you really should pay more attention to what we actually make in this business . '' 
 mr. black waved the gun towards the computer . 
 `` undo it . 
 put it back . '' 
 `` you know it does n't work like that . 
 put the gun down . '' 
 `` undo it or i 'll put a fucking bullet in her head ! '' 
 mr. stone was fast , i knew that . 
 he was quiet too . 
 but i 'd never seen anything like this . 
 one moment he was in front of me and the next he was grabbing mr. black . 
 a shot went off , an impossibly large explosion , and wooden chunks flew out of the door . 
 but mr. black did n't get another chance . 
 i heard the sound of breaking bone , a meaty crunch that echoed across the room as mr. stone broke his nose and knocked him out in one blow . 
 `` delilah , there are handcuffs in the drawer , '' mr. stone said . 
 he kicked the pistol away from the unconscious black and turned him over , pulling his hands behind his back . 
 i rushed over to his desk and opened the bottom drawer . 
 eeep ... a vibrator . 
 for some reason i found this incredibly hilarious and started laughing even as i opened the next drawer up and found the handcuffs . 
 i gave them to mr. stone who was watching me with an amused look on his face . 
 he snapped them on mr. black and at the sound of the metal clicking shut i burst into a fresh round of laughter . 
 `` do ... you want ... the vibrator ... too ? '' 
 i could barely speak i was laughing so hard . 
 mr. stone turned his business partner over on to his side and made sure he was breathing before walking over to me . 
 i was gripping the edge of his desk , laughing so much that tears were streaming down my face . 
 he took hold of me and pulled me into his chest and in that moment , my laughter turned to crying . 
 `` shh , '' he said , stroking my hair . 
 `` i do n't know why i was laughing , '' i said . 
 `` i could n't have done this without you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he led me out of his office and into the elevator . 
 we reached the lobby just in time to see the police arrive . 
 mr. stone let them in and began to explain what happened . 
 it took a long time but he never let go of my hand . 
 not even for a second . 
 * it was nearing dawn by the time we returned to the mansion . 
 the police had hauled mr. black away and in a few hours mr. stone would have to go to the police station to hand over more evidence . 
 there had been more cameras in mr. stone 's office than mr. black had known about and the whole thing had been captured in glorious high-definition full color . 
 we went to mr. stone 's study . 
 i was wrapped in a red blanket , sitting by the crackling fire . 
 he handed me a coffee and i took a sip and then breathed out . 
 `` your coffee has some brandy in it , '' he explained , pouring some into his own cup . 
 `` my brandy has some coffee in it , '' i said , taking another sip . 
 i felt the warm down my throat and spreading through my body . 
 sometime during the long wait with the police i 'd calmed down . 
 maybe # that was why they always took so long - just to make sure no one was going to keel from shock the second they walked away . 
 mr. stone sat down on the chair facing me , our knees almost touching and sipped his coffee . 
 `` without you , i could never have done it , '' he said . 
 `` what is it ? 
 and what did i do ? '' 
 mr. stone laughed and then took my hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you . 
 i suspected that black had bugged my house so i could only say what i wanted him to hear . 
 otherwise i would have told you the moment i saw your amazing diagram . '' 
 `` of the companies ? '' 
 `` that was it . 
 i 'd been searching so hard for the links and you had drawn it all up in black and white . 
 i 'd had some evidence myself and had various shell companies in place trying to draw out more information but it was you that helped me see it clearly . '' 
 `` so all that stuff on the computer with the split sell ... '' `` he 'd set up some stock trades on my behalf . 
 i do n't know if he intended for me to put them through or maybe he just wanted to rub it in when we arrived . 
 but i already had my pieces in order and as soon as i put through what he wanted , mine kicked into gear and destroyed everything he 'd done . '' 
 i gulped down a mouthful of my mostly brandy coffee , feeling muscles i did n't know were tensed relax one by one . 
 `` so you did n't really give the company away for me then ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 if i had even one little bit of that wrong then he 'd have everything and i 'd have nothing . 
 i was prepared for that . 
 i 'd rather have you than every bit of money i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` you 're one sneaky , underhanded , gorgeous bastard is what you 're saying ? '' 
 he laughed and lifted his cup to mine before his expression became serious . 
 `` what he was saying about bedford . 
 i did n't know , not one bit of it but it was still my fault . 
 i 've known for years that he liked to play on the other side of the line , out where the law gets very grey . 
 i was totally committed to our business , even to the point of ignoring what my heart was telling me . 
 i could have looked into stone pharma years ago . 
 i should have and because i did n't , it ended up ruining bedford . 
 i 'm sorry and i will fix it . '' 
 i nodded , unsure of what to say . 
 i felt the words i love you trembling on my tongue . 
 `` did you know he 'd be there ? '' 
 i finally said . 
 `` no . 
 i thought by sounding so broken down , so defeated , that he 'd make a move . 
 that was just a coincidence ... good or bad i 'm not sure . 
 i never would have put you in danger . '' 
 he paused and we sipped our drinks , the silence stretching out between us . 
 `` what do you see when you look at me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i felt i was teetering on a knife-edge . 
 should i say i saw the raw heart of him ? 
 i took a breath and decided to tell the truth . 
 `` i see a man who was hurt . 
 destroyed . 
 and then he put himself back together and covered himself with iron and a wall of ice so he could n't be hurt again . 
 it has taken many years for this man to trust again . '' 
 `` you see a lot , '' mr. stone said softly . 
 he bit his lip as though thinking of something and i suddenly realized he was nervous . 
 he had rushed at a man holding a gun and now he was nervous here with me ? 
 `` i have something else to say ... to ask . 
 would you close your eyes ? '' 
 i closed them , relaxing against the sofa . 
 he took our cups and placed them on the side table . 
 in the quiet i heard the fire 's low crackling , the wind outside rushing through the trees and the distant sound of the waves thudding on the shore . 
 i could hear all this but not my silent man . 
 i strained my ears but all i heard was a faint rustle of fabric on fabric . 
 `` hold our your hand , '' mr. stone whispered from directly in front of me . 
 although i knew it was coming , i almost jumped out of my skin . 
 i opened my hand and felt him press something into my palm . 
 i opened my eyes and looked down at the tiny battered golden heart sitting in my hand . 
 it was tarnished with age but still beautiful . 
 `` my grandfather gave this to my grandmother and she wore it every day of her life . 
 when she died , i inherited it along with a very stern letter from her telling me that our hearts are made to be hurt . 
 they 're made to be battered and bruised but we must still take them out into the world until we find someone who will care for our heart and protect it . 
 she saw what no one else saw . '' 
 he swallowed and i saw he was trembling . 
 `` when i met you delilah i was ... i was broken . 
 parts of me were missing because i 'd locked them up inside me . 
 and then you ... i trusted you with my heart . 
 i trusted you with my secrets . 
 i never thought i 'd find anyone i could give my heart to . '' 
 i felt tears prickling in the corners of my eyes . 
 i could n't look away from mr. stone . 
 jackson stone , the man i loved but had never admitted i loved . 
 `` please care for my heart , '' he said and reached into his pocket . 
 he pulled a small black box out and opened it in front of me to reveal a ring set with a cluster of diamonds . 
 `` i love you . 
 will you do me the honor of marrying me ? '' 
 time froze and my breath caught in my throat . 
 i realized i was shaking , just as he was . 
 to marry this man ... to be his ... and for him to be mine . 
 i slid off the sofa and on to my knees in front of him , holding the tiny golden heart in my hand . 
 i kissed him with all the passion in my body . 
 i kissed him like the world was ending and this was the last minute . 
 i kissed him . 
 and he kissed me back . 
 our kisses became a hug , our bodies pressed together , my breath hitching in my throat . 
 `` i love you . 
 yes , yes , i will , '' i said to him when we finally pulled apart . 
 he took the ring from the box and slipped it on to my finger . 
 i looked down at the ring and saw the diamonds were red in the firelight . 
 then i looked at jackson and saw that my tears had landed in wet circles on his shirt . 
 he looked down at the damp fabric and then grinned at me . 
 `` i guess i 'll have to take this off , '' he said . 
 he tore his shirt off in one swift move , causing my heart to leap in shock . 
 then he reached into the edge of the fire and picked up a tiny piece of dead coal . 
 he touched it against my shirt before throwing it back in the fire . 
 `` oh no ... i guess you 'll have to take that off , '' he said . 
 we stood up together , the blanket falling to the floor quickly followed by my shirt . 
 as mr. stone kissed me a sudden odd thought zipped through my mind . 
 i had n't been back to my apartment in days ... and i 'd left some dishes in the sink ... and i 'd bought mr. stone at the bachelor auction . 
 i giggled at the thought of him washing them , glowering at me and counting down the minutes until midnight when he 'd no doubt smack my ass red . 
 `` what are you laughing about ? '' 
 `` the idea of you cleaning my apartment , '' i replied , my hand on his belt . 
 `` i 'll have you know i look quite good in a maid outfit . '' 
 `` me too , '' i said and dropped his pants to the floor . 
 he laughed and then swept me up into his arms , causing me to squeal . 
 the coffee had too much brandy in it but that was n't what was causing my head to spin . 
 i was going to marry jackson stone . 
 he was mine . 
 and i was his . 
 * three months later ... in the end , it had n't taken long for the accountants and police to pull black 's mess apart . 
 there were layers upon layers like an onion but once you sliced it with a sharp knife , it fell into pieces . 
 all the sham companies , the fake investors and levels upon levels of deception toppled down around him . 
 black had applied for bail and got it before fleeing , making it all the way to the border of paraguay before being caught with a fake passport -lrb- and wearing a fake nose to cover his broken one -rrb- . 
 now he was awaiting extradition and using what was left of his money on expensive lawyers . 
 his claim that the rich rarely went to jail definitely was n't going to come true in his case . 
 as the investigation into black progressed , skeletons came out of closets with surprising frequency . 
 the men who broke into jackson 's mansion flipped on black incredibly fast . 
 then deceived investors from side-scams he 'd been running appeared from everywhere . 
 but the biggest surprise was a man who came forward to identify himself as a provocateur in the stone pharma protests that had resulted in the building burning down and a janitor dying . 
 he was n't the one who threw the molotov but he named names and had kept evidence that clearly tied black to the illegal dumping , the fire and the subsequent threats and harassment that had occurred . 
 with that revelation , the threat of me being hauled off to jail finally vanished . 
 the weight i 'd been carrying for years lifted away . 
 # one-hundred and ninety-one million turned out to be the amount mr. black owed to a syndicate of very scary men . 
 some were russian , a few chinese , some from saudi arabia and every single one of them on various government watch lists for organized crime . 
 they were after black personally , which was a relief and jackson assured me they would n't kill black over the money because they wanted it back . 
 months and months ago , i had joined the records department with the intention of destroying stone-black . 
 and now it was . 
 jackson had been clever enough in the months before black made his play to split things up , move them around and begin to unwind the damage he 'd done . 
 thanks to that and the flurry of transactions that had kicked into effect the moment jackson gave it all up for me , things were going to be okay under the new stone corporation . 
 stone-black did n't escape without harm though . 
 hundreds of millions of dollars were missing but jackson refused to see a single person lose their job because of black . 
 he 'd used his personal wealth to cover the shortfall and as he explained a week before our wedding , he was still a billionaire but now `` just half the billionaire i was before '' . 
 he may have been half the billionaire he was but he was a thousand times any man i 'd ever known . 
 it was n't going to be easy but the work to clean up bedford had already begun . 
 it would take years but with the new technology provided by the stone corporation , eventually bedford would thrive again . 
 none of this was on my mind though today ... we 'd been married in the grounds of his mansion -lrb- jackson telling me he 'd swapped the very naughty statues in the maze over to innocent ones just in case any children ran in there -rrb- . 
 now the party was over and the guests all gone and we were finally alone . 
 he had carried me over the threshold of his dungeon more than once but never before as his wife . 
 he stopped in the doorway with me over his shoulder . 
 i had a view of his perfectly formed ass and not much else . 
 `` move it along ! '' 
 i called out . 
 he swatted me on the backside and i laughed . 
 `` we 're not in there yet ... sir . '' 
 he stepped across the threshold and set me down before slamming the door shut behind us . 
 i jumped at the sound and nearly said something but then i saw the mocking look on his face . 
 when i was in here , i was his to do with as he pleased . 
 would i disobey ? 
 when he finally saw i was holding my tongue he grabbed me and kissed me like it was the last kiss of his life . 
 when we broke apart , i felt like i was going to topple over i was so dizzy . 
 i had seen this amazing man almost every day for the last three months and yet i still could n't believe he was really mine . 
 i was married to him . 
 he undid the top button of his shirt and flickered an eyebrow at me , daring me to laugh . 
 i stifled a giggle . 
 i knew this game . 
 he undid another button and wriggled his other eyebrow and i had to bite my tongue and look down so i would n't laugh . 
 `` delilah , '' jackson said . 
 i looked up just in time to see him poke his tongue out . 
 i laughed and clapped my hand over my mouth . 
 he stepped closer to me . 
 `` oh , and you were doing so well , '' he whispered , stroking his finger down my neck . 
 `` you bastard , mr. stone . '' 
 `` i love you , mrs. stone . '' 
 `` i love you too , sir . '' 
 i felt a rush of heat across my body as his hand trailed down my back and then up again . 
 `` turn around , '' he said . 
 i tilted my neck and turned around as he undid the diamond choker wrapped around my throat . 
 then his hands slid down to my wedding dress and he began to unbutton me from it . 
 it was sleek , sexy and elegant thanks to alma and the girls but it also had approximately one-point-four-million hidden buttons , hooks and other wedding dress tricks to make it look so good . 
 but jackson was skilled with his hands as i 'd well learned and in no time at all he 'd loosened it . 
 i stepped forward and turned around , allowing the dress to slide to the floor . 
 i stepped out of it and as demurely as a girl now wearing nothing more than sheer white stockings and high heels could , picked up my dress and draped it over a side bench . 
 jackson watched me the whole time , looking like a wolf ready to consume a meal . 
 his eyes burned and i shivered in anticipation as i stood before him . 
 `` close your eyes , '' he commanded . 
 i closed them and like every time before , tried to hear him move around . 
 i heard one footstep and that was it . 
 i was getting better but the man was still silent and fast . 
 i gently bit the inside of my cheek . 
 there was no way he 'd surprise me this - `` open them , '' i gasped as i felt his hands on my throat . 
 again he 'd done it ! 
 when he removed his hands i felt the collar he 'd wrapped around me . 
 i turned around and saw it was pitch black leather , a band of night , inlaid with diamonds that twinkled like stars . 
 `` it 's too much , sir , '' i protested , stroking my fingers across it . 
 it was so soft and already warming against my skin . 
 `` i could give you the world and everything in it and it would n't be enough to show you how i feel , '' jackson replied . 
 i turned around and kissed him , desperate for his body , desperate for his whole self . 
 i was tugging at his suit , forgetting myself entirely . 
 jackson stepped back and held my hands between his . 
 i was panting and blew out a breath in frustration . 
 i could feel my clit literally throbbing in beat with my heart . 
 `` wait , little slave , '' jackson admonished . 
 he paused long enough to ensure i simply would n't jump on his again and then released my hands . 
 `` i have something to show you , '' he said . 
 he reached into his pocket and must have pressed a button . 
 a panel in the back wall slid down while another moved sideways , disappearing behind another . 
 pieces moved like an intricate clock as a pitch-black wooden cross emerged . 
 i shivered when i saw the leather cuffs , goose-bumps running across me and felt butterflies fluttering madly in my stomach . 
 finally the cross softly clicked into place , the last piece sliding into place . 
 `` what kind of craftsmen do you have working for you ? '' 
 i asked , aroused by what was in front of me but also amazed at the beauty of it all . 
 he bit his lip and gave me that look . 
 `` sir , '' i added hastily . 
 he took me by the hand and led me across the dungeon before turning me around and lifting my hands above my head as he pushed me back against the cross . 
 he bound each wrist , enclosing it in the leather cuff . 
 `` only the very best . 
 and discreet . '' 
 jackson said , a smile playing on his lips . 
 he turned away to a nearby drawer and then returned with a length of rope in one hand , an egg and a bottle of lubricant in the other . 
 i stayed silent as jackson dabbed a cold dot on my rear entrance . 
 i stayed silent even as it warmed and i felt heat pulsing through me . 
 i stayed silent as he slipped the egg inside me and the pleasure magnified . 
 jackson kept his gaze locked with mine the entire time and once the egg was inside me , he nodded . 
 `` impressive . 
 but i wonder if you can stay quiet for much longer ? '' 
 he walked away from me with this hands in his pockets , whistling like he was out on an afternoon stroll in the country . 
 he left me there , bound and rapidly overheating on the cross , as i watched his perfectly formed ass walk away from me . 
 he turned around near the door and undid his shirt buttons one by one . 
 when he threw his shirt behind him , i let out a quiet whimper . 
 his body , my god , his body . 
 i had seen it against me , seen it above me , run my hands over it and felt it pressed against me but every time i saw the strong muscles of his chest , i wanted to touch them . 
 i wanted to run my lips down from his neck , down his abs and down further still . 
 jackson undressed and soon he was naked on the other side of the room , a greek statue carved from polished marble and brought to life . 
 i could n't look away from his thick cock . 
 i wanted him inside me . 
 he reached into his jacket that he 'd left hanging over a bench and i saw a glimmer of a silver dot that he pressed into the palm of his hand . 
 `` the question is , how close should i come ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he put out his hand and then took a step towards me . 
 the instant he crossed some invisible line , the egg inside me throbbed to life . 
 i gasped as the powerful vibrations shot through me . 
 jackson watched me squirm for a moment before lowering his hand , taking it back over the invisible line . 
 as soon as he did , the egg shut down , leaving me trying to catch my breath . 
 i watched jackson , trying to keep my eyes on him as he stepped sideways . 
 he moved around the various tables and benches in the room . 
 he stepped over the invisible line and i gasped in pleasure . 
 then he stepped back again . 
 a moment later he came to the bench that he 'd first used those months ago to go down on me with a mouthful of hot tea . 
 we 'd used it a few times since . 
 he looked at it as though considering how to get around it . 
 `` the near side or the far side ? '' 
 jackson said , smirking at me . 
 the man was the devil . 
 he stepped towards me and halfway around it before stopping . 
 the egg throbbed inside me as jackson watched . 
 i bit my lip and then gasped as he took another step towards me . 
 the egg stepped up another level . 
 he was still halfway across the room and the tiny sex though was going to vibrate my brains out . 
 jackson took another step towards me . 
 up another level and i could n't stay silent . 
 i began to whimper . 
 and another step . 
 and another . 
 i smelt his scent and realized i had my eyes closed . 
 i forced them open and found jackson in front of me , watching me writhe on the cross . 
 our eyes met and in an instant he was against me . 
 he pulled my legs up and slid his full length into me , the egg vibrating like crazy still . 
 i moaned as he filled me . 
 the egg was small but powerful and between it and jackson inside me , i felt completely filled . 
 caught between two powerful forces , my hands bound , unable to move . 
 jackson began to thrust in and out of me , his hands on my ass , holding my legs up . 
 with each movement his cock pushed up inside of me , feeling impossibly large , and my clit throbbed in time . 
 i felt the egg change pattern , now pulsing on and off quickly and this was far more intense than i could have ever imagined . 
 jackson nipped the my earlobe and then the side of my neck and i found myself begging and shouting yes sir over and again . 
 `` cum now , '' he commanded and i was helpless against it . 
 i came , my body pinned between his and the cross , pinned between his cock and the egg . 
 i came , feeling like every muscle in my body was quivering in pleasure . 
 jackson did n't stop though . 
 there was no relief from this pleasure , no plateau to drift down from and then climb back up . 
 he kept fucking me like a mad barbarian , the egg buzzing inside my ass and i came again , tears appearing at the corners of my eyes . 
 but again , there was no respite . 
 jackson kept fucking me , fucking me through my orgasm , pushing me to another , never letting me come down . 
 at some point i heard his breathing quicken and my body respond to his . 
 i was long past counting or even thought . 
 he controlled me , my pussy . 
 my body was his and i was an instrument to be played . 
 i was a slave to be used . 
 i was his absolutely . 
 my pleasure peaked and i gasped again and then i felt him come inside me . 
 he grunted , a wild animalistic sound and pounded his cock into me as he came . 
 finally he slowed and then stopped , his full length inside of me , our bodies joined . 
 thankfully , the egg slowed and stopped , too . 
 we stayed like this for some time , gently kissing and recovering our breath before jackson stepped away from me , leaving me with my eyes closed , floating in bliss . 
 he was back a moment later with a warm washcloth . 
 he wiped it over my body before finally carefully sliding the egg out of my body . 
 i sighed as it went , feeling my muscles throbbing , exhausted . 
 jackson unbuckled my arms and despite the marathon of fucking he 'd just accomplished , picked me up and carried me out . 
 soon we were showering , warm and content against each other and soon after that he was sliding into bed while i removed the thin chain around my neck that held the small battered gold heart . 
 i hung it on the jewelry box and slipped into bed beside him . 
 he wrapped an arm around me as i nestled into his chest . 
 in the darkness the room was lit only by the distant stars . 
 i saw the diamonds on my wedding ring pick up the faint light as i moved my hand to hold jackson 's . 
 `` i love you , delilah , '' he said , floating somewhere near the edge of sleep . 
 i glanced over at the jewelry box and the faint outline of the heart that hung there . 
 jackson 's heart . 
 that i would carry with me and protect forever , just as he would mine . 
 he may have been asleep when i answered but it did n't matter . 
 he knew i loved and trusted him and would the rest of my life . 
 `` i love you , jackson , '' i whispered and felt myself drifting away into a blissful sleep . 
 he would be there tomorrow and i would tell him again tomorrow . 
 and the day after that . 
 and after that . 
 and after that . 
 *** the end 
