 project human by sean mckenzie smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 project human is a work of fiction . 
 names , places , and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission , except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews . 
 copyright © sean mckenzie 2011 isbn :9781466441323 first edition author 's works : the elf king the hitman : dirty rotters -lrb- forthcoming -rrb- for kandi , an intergalactic scientist extraordinaire prelude blood trickling down my throat wakes me . 
 through my blurred vision , i see lights surrounding me . 
 my head stings . 
 my neck hurts . 
 my hands bleed from cuts and broken glass coats me like a second skin . 
 i smell something burning , breaking through the fresh air in swirls . 
 i slump back in the seat . 
 the door opens and someone pulls me free from the mangled car . 
 i see the smoke now , rising from the engine , now crushed into a horse-shoe shape around the massive tree . 
 leaves and bark blanket the remaining section of the hood . 
 disoriented , i understand very little of what happened . 
 i 'm even less aware of what 's happening now . 
 each passing second i slip further from the present and deeper into a dreamlike state . 
 my vision becomes cloudy . 
 i stare up , now lying on a bed being pushed , and notice someone talking . 
 lips are moving , but i make out no sound . 
 the constant ringing in my ears drowns out everything . 
 i 'm too tired to stay awake , too weak to fight it any longer . 
 i open my eyes now and see lights all around me . 
 bright lights , not like before . 
 i 'm inside someplace , moving on a bed . 
 i can feel the straps against my wrists and ankles keeping me in place . 
 someone appears close up . 
 my vision is still blurry , too much to make out the other 's features . 
 a hand brushes fragments of glass from my face . 
 i want to talk , i want to ask what happened and find out where i am , but i ca n't speak . 
 it hurts to even try . 
 the desire leaves me almost instantly . 
 the desire to do anything at all leaves . 
 i close my eyes , allowing the spinning to send me into slumber . 
 a terrible pinch in my left forearm wakes me suddenly . 
 it stings ! 
 i can move little ; the straps are tight . 
 i 'm alert now , in a room . 
 lights and devices are everywhere . 
 people surround me ; more rush by . 
 the look they give me is uncomforting ; some offer pity , some disgust . 
 their eyes give away too much . 
 i wonder what is wrong with me . 
 my features must be badly damaged . 
 why else would they stare in such ways ? 
 they make me feel vulnerable and self-conscious . 
 i begin to fear the worst . 
 something is horribly wrong and no one has said what . 
 voices flutter in and out like lights flashing in deep fog . 
 still no one speaks of my condition . 
 i see the shot coming this time , a long needle , a silver fluid injecting into my arm . 
 it hurts . 
 they all watch me . 
 i feel tired again . 
 i see the blackness close in on my vision , slowly washing away everything . 
 i see less of their curious eyes . 
 i see only the impenetrable dark . 
 i dream , i think . 
 i see a beautiful woman with sad eyes , standing in the daylight by a boy and a girl . 
 i can not speak to them ; i can not hear their voices . 
 the sky turns grey , their faces and bodies are slowly erased away , as if they are smoke in the wind , vanishing along with everything else . 
 the talking wakes me . 
 the room is now less bright ; only a few faces crowd the bed . 
 someone is doing something to my hands . 
 they still hurt , but also feel strange . 
 someone fixes my pillow , straightening my head , talking soothingly , asking questions maybe . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's directed to me or not . 
 i 'm still not sure of anything that 's happening . 
 a man hovers over me . 
 he 's old . 
 he holds a small light , shinning it into one eye , then the other . 
 it 's bright ! 
 i turn in response , but the old man is persistent . 
 the light shuts off and i look up to see the old man 's tan , smooth face smiling , eyes seemingly happy . 
 i stare into the black pools looking back at me and suddenly remember the old man in the road . 
 was this him ? 
 could it be ? 
 then suddenly i remember the crash . 
 images form with blinding speed , disappearing faster than they came , one after another , changing with a blink . 
 but then someone jabs me with a needle and the pain steals my focus . 
 the twinge from that rakes my body thoroughly . 
 my feet feel cold now , fingertips numbing . 
 so cold ! 
 my stomach begins to churn wildly , violently . 
 the old man reappears -- not smiling anymore -- talking . 
 there is a gleam in the old eyes -- very intense . 
 i 'm not sure that the old man is friendly anymore . 
 i 'm suddenly frightened by him . 
 others walk out of the room , leaving me with the old man . 
 the old one continues for a few seconds , and then moves away . 
 the room is now empty . 
 i rest in bed , feeling strange . 
 it 's indescribable . 
 my head slides into a dizzy spin . 
 at first , i hate it . 
 but after a few moments i give in and it takes me . 
 somehow it eases the pain . 
 it drifts me into slumber . 
 as my eyes begin to close , i try to think of where i am . 
 i can not gather a thought though . 
 i have no answer to anything . 
 my eyes shut closed . 
 `` see you soon , '' the old man 's voice whispers very close to my face , chilling me . 
 the words echo through the blackness i slip into . 
 chapter 1 doctor barton walked through the hall with his head bent towards the floor , his eyes narrowed to thin slits , and his breathing deep and hard . 
 beads of sweat line his high forehead up into his receding hairline . 
 what was left up there is brown and kept short for a dozen of reasons . 
 one of which was his need to fit in , to not stand out any more than usual . 
 no need to draw attention where it was not wanted . 
 not with so many prying eyes , so many suspicious stares . 
 the trust was wearing thin on both sides of the coin . 
 he passed by a small group of doctors and nurses , who all kept fixed eyes on him . 
 barton made no eye contact . 
 his eyes would reveal too much . 
 it was better for his colleagues to not know what he was thinking ; better for everyone if his wolfish smile remained out of their thoughts . 
 he unbuttoned his white lab coat , loosening the collar around his neck , finding the night air in the halls to be humid and thick , almost unbreathable . 
 even after all this time he had not grown used to it . 
 all this time . 
 his hands balled into tight fists , his glare turning cold and bitter . 
 but he had never really set his mind to get comfortable , to get used to how things were . 
 he had focused on doing the one thing he was brought in for , and then the life promised afterwards . 
 a promise denied ten times over . 
 he was a doctor -- the best neurologist one could hope for . 
 the doctors he worked for , however , lacked his experience in the field . 
 due to this , he was important to them . 
 he was a necessary item that they could not afford to lose . 
 they placed him between a rock and a hard spot , really giving him no other option but to work for them . 
 it was supposed to have only been a few years time , they said . 
 it was the beginning of a thousand lies . 
 the time for him to leave was arriving . 
 he clenched his jaw tight , grinding his teeth as he thought how naive he was when it all had started . 
 one thing led to another ; one year passed into several . 
 time had slipped away quickly . 
 and soon the dreams of tomorrow were chased away by the demons of reality . 
 no more . 
 not after tomorrow . 
 the time contract negotiated in the beginning had long expired . 
 he had been promised a leave years ago , but there was always one more test , one more change that he had to create for them . 
 something was always conveniently delaying his departure . 
 the end is almost near , they promised . 
 just a few more patients , they urged . 
 we need you still , they begged . 
 time and again , he gave in and stayed . 
 but his growing urgency to move on was noted , and they came to another agreement on a final patient number . 
 it was n't as speedy as he would have wished , but it was settled nonetheless . 
 that patient arrived two days ago . 
 one more time . 
 one more test , and i 'm done . 
 i 'm going home . 
 barton would oversee the procedures on the last patient as planned , give them what they asked , what they bargained for , and that would be it . 
 the deal paid in full . 
 then he was free . 
 the notion excited him . 
 he could barely hide it from filling his eyes . 
 it had been so long since he was free of the tedious work , free of the criticism , the speculation and paranoia . 
 free of them . 
 the doctors never really accepted him , not fully . 
 his judgments were always under scrutiny , always an eye watching . 
 it was as if they were expecting him to fail them . 
 as though they knew there would be a time when the protocol would be tossed aside so nonchalantly ; as if his mere presence jeopardized their projects . 
 they were smart . 
 doctor barton smiled as he rounded a corner and came to a door , entering at once . 
 inside the lab were tables holding vials and tubes with colored liquids , some bubbling , some moving strangely , some steaming . 
 others were just dark and still . 
 cabinets lined one side of the room ; dna charts plastered to their doors . 
 diagrams of the human body 's muscle groups were scattered on the tables , notes and hand drawings plastered them . 
 it was a scientist 's room , where calculation and risk were equals -- where there were success or death . 
 an old man stood working against one of the tables on the far side of the room . 
 he turned as barton walked over towards him . 
 `` it went well , i take it . '' 
 barton wiped the excitement off his face . 
 he stood across from doctor whitmere , watching him pour his solutions into other liquids . 
 `` as expected . '' 
 whitmere looked up from his work to meet barton 's eyes , just for a second , and then went back to work . 
 `` good . 
 i was worried . '' 
 `` there 's no cause for it . 
 he was brought in quickly and administered at once . 
 i will check on him shortly , of course . 
 but all will be well . 
 initiation is not a concern anymore . '' 
 barton said flatly . 
 `` it is you that i worry about , '' whitmere returned . 
 whitmere stopped working , setting his cylinder-shaped vials into holders . 
 he was tall and thin , standing slightly hunched . 
 his slender hands were wrinkled faintly ; the skin smooth and delicate . 
 dark , brown spots covered his smooth , bald head . 
 his eyes were a dark color , intense as he stared at barton . 
 barton sighed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 whitmere said nothing , just stared into barton 's eyes . 
 barton held his gaze , refusing to ask again , nor to break away . 
 after a few seconds , whitmere pointed to a long flask . 
 `` i have a new serum i need to test . '' 
 `` as you well know , my last patient is here , already underway . '' 
 barton kept his poise . 
 `` darryl ? 
 was that his name ? 
 i do n't recall . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 barton shrugged , smiling inwardly . 
 it was a game that the old man played to see how close to the patients he had become , how attached , how closely he interacted . 
 barton knew the game well . 
 knowing the patient 's name would reveal a side of him that they wanted destroyed . 
 it was something that he had fallen for only once . 
 `` he 's just the end digit in a very long number . '' 
 barton smiled back as the other stiffened . 
 `` bring him up to phase two tomorrow . 
 i will begin to test his memory soon . '' 
 `` the patient is initialized . 
 i 've done my part . '' 
 barton 's smile disappeared . 
 `` i 'm done here . 
 you know that . '' 
 whitmere gave him a look as though barton had missed something entirely . 
 he sighed . 
 `` you must see the patient through to completion , doctor . 
 that is what we agreed . '' 
 `` that is not what i agreed ! '' 
 `` do not be angered . 
 you will have your liberation soon enough . 
 but right now , i need you to finish -- '' `` no ! '' 
 barton was furious . 
 it was happening again . 
 whitmere raised a hand to calm him . 
 `` i know you must be angry . 
 but you know the rules . '' 
 barton thought about choking the old man to death . 
 he had dreamt about it , envisioned it for so long now that it was a taste in his mouth and he was starving to feed . 
 his anger was boiling as he saw the old man smile . 
 he could wrap his hands around his scrawny neck and squeeze until his palms met . 
 at that point , he almost leapt across the table and did so . 
 but that would close and seal a door for good . 
 `` i need you , '' whitmere said . 
 barton knew the old man was manipulative , but this time it was n't going to work . 
 `` i am growing tired of your need of me , doctor . '' 
 barton kept his cool , taking control , as he was so fond of doing . 
 `` this is my last patient . 
 i will do what i can for you , but then i am leaving . 
 your promises will not be enough to keep me this time . '' 
 in the seconds of quietness afterwards , barton could see the shift in whitmere 's eyes . 
 it was like watching the light at the end of the tunnel turn black . 
 barton felt trapped , helpless once again . 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 whitmere said sympathetically . 
 barton swallowed hard . 
 the fear in his eyes was evident . 
 he slowly walked around the table , standing close to the scientist . 
 `` there 's nothing left to see . '' 
 `` i have a new serum to test . 
 i need it to work . 
 and in order for it to be successful , i need you . 
 i wish it were another way , but i have been given my orders . '' 
 barton wanted to scream , wanted to run around the lab and break everything he could , wanted to see it all burn , wanted to inflict a pain so terrible on the other that he would never recover . 
 an ache began to form in his heart ; everything hurt at once . 
 breathing became difficult . 
 `` it could take years for it to work , '' he growled . 
 `` i wo n't be here . '' 
 `` you must understand , we are breaking ground on new developments . 
 you 've shown us so much ; your talents are irreplaceable . '' 
 whitmere placed a hand gently on barton 's shoulder . 
 `` we can do more than just tissue alterations and memory displacements . 
 our nanomachines can be anything . 
 we are unlimited . 
 think about that for a moment . 
 think about what we 've done already . 
 the blood cells , the membrane . 
 we are unlimited . 
 stay . 
 stay with me and let 's create together . 
 you are invaluable to us . 
 but you already know that . '' 
 `` you ca n't keep doing this to me , '' he whispered coldly . 
 `` i do n't intend to . '' 
 whitmere held his gaze . 
 `` why should i believe you ? '' 
 `` because i can speak to the council and inform them that you are no longer needed . 
 i can convince them that it is time for you to leave us on our own . 
 and they will listen to me . '' 
 whitmere smiled sadly . 
 `` no one here wants you to keep you against your will , doctor . '' 
 barton hesitated . 
 `` what 's stopping me from walking away , leaving you right now ? '' 
 `` can you do it ... without my help ? '' 
 whitmere studied him carefully . 
 barton was careful . 
 he looked to the floor . 
 `` just one more . '' 
 whitmere promised . 
 `` then i will give you exactly what you want . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 he kept his gaze on the floor . 
 `` she arrived with the male ; a young woman . 
 she will be the last . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` your promises seem to lack something , '' barton shot back . 
 `` not this time , doctor . '' 
 `` if i do as you ask and you break your promise again , bad things could happen . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment . 
 no one moved . 
 the tension could be cut between them . 
 whitmere 's face held nothing of what he was thinking ; barton 's told everything . 
 then suddenly it ended . 
 barton smiled as if nothing was wrong . 
 ca n't be too disobedient . 
 must let them think they are in control . 
 have your moment , old man . 
 you do n't have many left . 
 `` settled then . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 `` it wo n't be as bad as you think , old friend . '' 
 barton turned , walked out the door , down the hallway ; his fists balled into rocks , his face flush by his boiling anger . 
 once in his lab , he unleashed a scream , pounding his fists into a table until it was dented beyond repair , until the pain was felt within his bleeding knuckles . 
 whitmere 's words echoed in his mind . 
 he did n't believe them . 
 they would never let him go ; they had never intended to do so . 
 he was trapped . 
 he turned , flailing his arms in madness , smashing into a set of vials and liquid filled tubes , watching them shatter , watching the liquids mix with a steam and a hiss , watched it eat through the paper it had spilled on . 
 within seconds the paper vanished . 
 barton watched , feeling as if his life was the paper . 
 he would do as the old man said . 
 one last patient . 
 he was going home , one way or the other . 
 barton 's anger turned into satisfaction . 
 he might kill the doctor after all . 
 chapter 2 the bed is hard , uncomfortable . 
 it 's no less than lying on a metal table ; not meant for anything relaxing . 
 the room is dark and silent , save for the low hum of the machine beside him . 
 a white sheet covers his body from the chest of his white shirt down to his dingy ankle-socks . 
 his arms rest on top of his blanket , his fingers twitching involuntarily . 
 dark hair coats his arms , almost hiding the dried blood covering the thin scratches . 
 his brown eyes open again , half aware of someone watching just beyond the fog swirling his peripheral vision . 
 the drumming in his head is still present , aching like nothing he 's ever suffered . 
 it was getting worse , even though they said it would lessen two days ago . 
 he struggled to swallow against the dryness invading his mouth and throat , wincing as it happens . 
 his body ached through and through . 
 it was more than just the pain from being in the car accident . 
 this was deep ; internal damage . 
 things inside his body were not functioning as they should . 
 he could feel it . 
 something was amiss . 
 but so far , all the doctors could tell him was that the accident left him injured in more ways than the amnesia . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 darryl tried to speak again , balling his fists to push himself upright . 
 but the dizziness washed away his will and his eyes closed against the pain . 
 through his own groaning he could decipher footsteps . 
 but he was still too tired to open his eyes fully , too hurt still to care enough to make the effort . 
 sleep was coming again . 
 the side of his bed moved slightly . 
 darryl felt a hand brush down against his arm and warm exhale against his neck . 
 who 's there ? 
 make the pain stop . 
 please help me . 
 but he could n't talk . 
 he did n't even try . 
 there was slight movement against the bed , but darryl did n't open his eyes to see . 
 he was already beginning to drift . 
 another shot ? 
 another pill for the pain ? 
 but he felt nothing penetrate his skin , and no one pulled his jaws apart to make him swallow the pills they give twice a day . 
 `` see you soon . '' 
 the voice whispered in his ear softly . 
 it was deep ; a man 's voice . 
 it had come to him yesterday , he remembered . 
 it spoke words of comfort , but the voice was anything but . 
 darryl fought the drowsiness as best as he could , inching his eyes open far enough to barely make out a dark form walking away from his bed to exit the room . 
 he stopped struggling , drained from the effort . 
 he closed his eyes in despair and let the dizziness take him . 
 the dream came instantly . 
 he stood in the bedroom of a familiar house . 
 it was dark out ; the room had no lights . 
 whimpers and painful sobs filled the silence . 
 it was a woman . 
 instantly his body ached , almost crippling him to his knees . 
 he called out to her , spinning in a circle , seeing no one in the darkness now that seemed to be swirling , hiding her even more-so . 
 he caught whiffs of her perfume in the air , strangely feeling her presence close , just out of reach , and her crying only seemed to deepen each time he called out to her . 
 louder and louder he cried ; still he saw no one . 
 darryl awoke with a start . 
 his body was shivering , laced in a cold sweat , the sheet underneath him soaked , the one once covering him now lying on the floor . 
 his eyes opened wide . 
 his breathing was short and just as rapid as his thoughts . 
 the dream was real , he thought . 
 lying in bed now , still seeing the dark room , still overwhelmed with the terrible ache , he fought to discover who she was . 
 he knew her ; he recognized her scent . 
 his fingers curled into fists as he struggled to picture her . 
 it was pointless . 
 even in his dreams his amnesia ruled . 
 yet even so , he knew he was the reason she was hurting . 
 there was no mistaking that . 
 whatever it was , it was his fault . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 he tried to convince himself that it should n't matter so much . 
 he blinked it away , allowing his body to recover from the heartache it carried . 
 it was just a dream . 
 it was n't real . 
 but it was hard to convince himself of that when it was the same dream every time his eyes closed . 
 looking around now , letting the woman 's sobs fade , darryl noticed the room was dark . 
 the only light came from the hall , shining through the window . 
 there were no clocks , nothing of which would tell him the hour . 
 it was early morning , he thought . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 time might as well be standing still . 
 darryl sighed wearily . 
 he was wide awake now . 
 he turned to glance up at the machine monitoring him . 
 its murmur was low . 
 he could barely make out its dark form , hidden in the shadows like death watching over him , waiting patiently . 
 it was monitoring his brainwaves , the doctors had told him . 
 the rest of what they had said was a blur , a mess of fragmented words and slurred syllables . 
 darryl was too drugged at that time to remember most of what had happened when he arrived . 
 everything happened so fast , he thought . 
 such a blur . 
 hey lay in bed , not bothering now to fall back asleep , wishing only to put some of the puzzle pieces in order . 
 he had been there for two days now , so he had been told . 
 the first day was a wash ; the second not much clearer . 
 he had been in a car accident , one of them had said . 
 the older doctor . 
 or was it the younger one , the one with the bitter eyes ? 
 darryl frowned , angry with himself for not being able to remember even that . 
 but the look in the younger doctor 's eyes was unforgettable . 
 he had held a look that made darryl believe there was much more at work behind his expressionless face . 
 darryl tossed and turned . 
 trying to get comfortable was a painstaking process that proved fruitless . 
 lying in the desolate silence , feeling abandoned by the world , he pushed aside his fears that he would remain this way forever . 
 amnesia was funny like that . 
 it can wipe away everything you knew about yourself and make you start life completely over ; discovering yourself anew ; making you a new you . 
 maybe it was a good thing . 
 maybe not . 
 but the choice had not been his . 
 he thought back then , suddenly remembering something that had passed between the doctors . 
 it was an argument they were having about his amnesia . 
 one of them thought he would never remember anything ever again . 
 but the tone in his voice made it not sound upsetting . 
 the other said darryl needed more care ; that he should be the one watching over darryl . 
 darryl thought back hard . 
 everything was in such a blur . 
 he had been drifting in and out of sleep , hearing bits and pieces of conversations . 
 everything had been in a wash , swirling together in a dream-like haze . 
 darryl groaned , mad again at himself for not being able to even know if what he thought he had heard was true . 
 he could have been half-asleep , half-dreaming , contorting the reality with his imagination . 
 it was hard for him to trust what little he remembered . 
 and trying to think only make his head throb even more-so . 
 he had hit his head on the steering wheel hard enough to have knocked him out , and the headache from it still had not lessened . 
 it was the reason why he could n't remember , they told him . 
 he could have not been wearing his seat belt and went flying through the windshield and been killed , they reminded . 
 but at the moment , darryl could n't tell which was the lesser of two evils . 
 god , why ca n't i remember ? 
 he closed his eyes , praying that the pills they gave him would help him remember something . 
 the spinning came abruptly , as it so often did , drifting darryl into slumber . 
 the light shining in his eyes woke him . 
 a doctor stood over him , the old one , the one with the friendly eyes and gentle voice . 
 `` hold still . 
 just checking your pupils . '' 
 doctor whitmere kept the small flashlight shining in his eyes for a few seconds longer then shut it off . 
 he smiled . 
 somehow it brought peace to darryl . 
 the room was well lit now , with the hall beyond filled with daily commotion as doctors and their nurses conversed and walked by his door . 
 days were always easier to handle than their counterparts . 
 `` how am i ? '' 
 darryl 's voice was still sore . 
 he watched the bald doctor move away to stand beside him , nodding with a slight smile . 
 `` i think , under your circumstance , everything will work out in time . 
 you 're a young man ; your body will heal quickly . '' 
 `` it does n't feel like it , doctor . '' 
 `` for now it should n't . 
 it 'll lessen soon enough ; the healing will begin . '' 
 whitmere turned from darryl to check the machine next to the bed . 
 pushing a series of buttons , reading what the monitor gave him , the doctor nodded to himself in satisfaction . 
 whitmere turned to darryl , finding his patient struggling to rise . 
 `` easy , darryl . 
 lay down , relax . 
 when your body is ready to move , it will . '' 
 `` maybe you 're right , '' he groaned . 
 darryl did as he was told , resting back on the bed , sighing at the strain it took . 
 `` i 'll have some food brought in , '' whitmere said . 
 `` darryl , your body has undergone a drastic change . 
 the crash you were in left your body unable to respond to ... well , a lot . 
 the road will be long , and very hard . '' 
 darryl 's eyebrows bunched together . 
 angry , he tried to speak . 
 `` i ca n't just -- '' he began coughing . 
 the pain from that nearly made him cry . 
 whitmere frowned . 
 `` this is what i 'm talking about . 
 you 're trying to do things that your body is not ready to do . '' 
 darryl rubbed his throat . 
 his cough settled . 
 he remained quiet . 
 `` in a day or two , you 'll be better . 
 i promise . 
 but until then , all you need to do is rest . '' 
 whitmere was quiet for a moment , then added . 
 `` the mind is a wonderful thing . 
 precious . 
 capable . 
 defeatable . 
 but in the end , it 's like everything else human -- it can be made anew . '' 
 with a pat on the shoulder and a smile , whitmere turned and walked out the door . 
 darryl stared at the door long after the doctor left . 
 it was going to be hard to accept any outcome that did n't involve his memory returning . 
 after a short while , the door opened again . 
 this time it was a tall man with a stern face entering , pushing a cart towards the bed . 
 he stopped there , handing darryl two orange pills and a cup of water . 
 darryl took them , drinking what he could . 
 the male nurse exited without comment . 
 darryl looked at the cart , smelling his food . 
 he suddenly wished that he was n't so hungry . 
 chapter 3 her hair was a dingy blonde , shoulder length , pulled back away from her face . 
 she slept quietly . 
 her face was sparkling in a few places ; the dust of broken glass , perhaps . 
 new patients often arrived with traces of an accident evident . 
 she was young , he thought . 
 mid-twenties , youthful , vibrant , cute . 
 she had an active lifestyle . 
 her muscle tone was prominent ; she carried very little body fat . 
 a jogger , he wondered . 
 he was pressed close to her ; her scent was surprisingly warming to him . 
 his right hand held the injection gun ; his left hand reached out and brushed against her forehead in through her hair . 
 it was something that he had seldom done before ; never to a male patient . 
 he had no reason for it , though he was compelled nonetheless . 
 doctor barton stopped himself right then . 
 he was getting too carried away . 
 it was n't good for him to speculate on the lives of his patients . 
 whether he was right about them or not . 
 adelle stirred gently , reacting to his touch . 
 barton flinched , drawing his hand away from her , studying her movements carefully . 
 he wondered how much she remembered . 
 would she be any different than the male ? 
 than any of the others ? 
 stop it ! 
 catching himself again , he acted quickly . 
 with one fluent motion , he jammed the needle into her forearm and shot the injection solution at once . 
 his face turned angry then . 
 but it was done . 
 and she was the last . 
 adelle 's body began to quiver , slightly at first , then abrupt and thrashing . 
 doctor barton stepped back . 
 it would end soon , he knew . 
 but first the solution had to run its course . 
 and it was never pleasant ; not even to witness . 
 `` in a few days , this will all be forgotten . '' 
 adelle 's blue eyes shot open then , full of pain and worry . 
 they stared deep into barton 's , forcing him to step further back , to look away from the terror he saw there . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 adelle cried . 
 `` make it stop ! '' 
 barton was caught off guard . 
 as he began to speak , her body stopped moving , her eyes closed again , and he remained silent . 
 a few seconds later , he moved in close again . 
 her breathing seemed to be normal . 
 her skin color continued with its rather pale complexion . 
 she would be fine . 
 good , he thought . 
 now there would be no reason for whitmere to send him another patient . 
 with this one , and the male , both requiring another series of injections , his work would be finished in the day . 
 let 's get this over with . 
 darryl awoke with a stinging sensation in his left bicep . 
 alert at once , he looked up to see someone walking away from him . 
 `` wait , '' he called out . 
 doctor barton turned , nearing the door . 
 `` you need to save your strength . '' 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 darryl asked casually , shrugging off the other 's glare . 
 `` i am barton . '' 
 barton almost smiled . 
 it was weird to have a patient ask him his name . 
 no one ever had . 
 `` doctor barton , what day is it ? 
 what time is it ? '' 
 in the seconds that it took for darryl to ask his questions , pity took root in barton . 
 `` it 's ... '' and then it was gone . 
 barton 's face turned hard . 
 `` the next few minutes for you will be extremely painful . 
 i suggest you relax your mind . '' 
 barton no sooner reached for the door when darryl 's anguish belled . 
 barton walked out the door . 
 darryl 's hands clenched his blankets tight ; his scream ended , though his body was still posed in form . 
 his chest lurched upwards , his head tilting back , his mouth wide open . 
 nothing imaginable could feel worse . 
 a few seconds was all he could take . 
 his eyes closed , forcing the tears to streak down his cheeks . 
 barton stole through the hallway like a shadow fleeing the sun light . 
 he was excited , but more so , he was determined . 
 his feet hit the floor with a vengeance , moving directly for whitmere 's lab . 
 `` the job is yours , old man , '' he said to himself . 
 he rounded a corner quickly , and there she was . 
 jean . 
 she was one of whitmere 's assistants ; the only one to ever treat him fairly . 
 `` where are you going in such a pace ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she had seen him first , before he tried to slow his approach . 
 barton stopped beside her . 
 she was as tall as he , slim , with short brown hair and a fiery stare , stern and captivating at the same time . 
 but when she looked at him , the fire was diminished . 
 `` home . '' 
 sadness filled her eyes then . 
 she frowned . 
 `` whitmere will ask the council for your release ? '' 
 barton nodded . 
 `` today is the day , jean . 
 i need to be moving on . '' 
 she held him with her eyes alone . 
 `` i need to tell you something . '' 
 barton 's smile was departing . 
 he had met her long ago . 
 he counted her as a friend , for her part . 
 `` jean ? '' 
 her frown deepened . 
 `` i know you 've been told this before . 
 whitmere has promised you a leave this time for sure ? 
 you are certain ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want you to get your hopes up again . '' 
 `` they can not keep me here , jean . '' 
 jean smiled sadly . 
 `` no , i do n't suppose they could . 
 so if this is the end of your stay , i want you to know something . '' 
 `` jean , do n't . '' 
 barton 's head shook slightly . 
 `` just know that i never saw you the way the others did . '' 
 jean hesitated , opening her mouth as if there was more to say , but did n't continue . 
 `` i know , jean . '' 
 she grabbed his hands in her own , squeezed them firmly , then let go with a nod , and a smile that that was more heartbreaking than the look in her eyes . 
 he stared at her for a moment longer , and then rushed away . 
 whitmere had a promise to keep . 
 and if the old fool chose not to , then he would be forced to take matters into his own hands . 
 he reached whitmere 's lab . 
 it was empty . 
 council chamber then , if jean was correct . 
 that 's where whitmere would speak on his behalf . 
 that 's where the promise would be cemented . 
 barton continued through the hall , turning a few times , passing countless doors . 
 finally he reached a set of tall , double doors . 
 he turned back ; no one was looking . 
 quietly , he stepped inside . 
 the doors opened into a dimly lit hallway . 
 he followed the corridor carefully ; he did n't want his presence known . 
 the hall turned sharp and ran for a few yards before it opened into the council 's meeting area . 
 there would be eight men listening to whitmere plead for his release . 
 light shined ahead ; barton kept close to the wall . 
 voices were heard , low but firm . 
 barton pressed further , waiting until he could hear clearly . 
 then he stopped , out of the light , out of reach , hiding in shadow . 
 he strained his ears , breathing slowly and deep out of his open mouth ; he made no sound . 
 and then he heard it -- the conversation . 
 the end of it , he realized . 
 `` and this can be achieved , doctor ? '' 
 a deep voice asked . 
 `` yes , council . '' 
 whitmere spoke . 
 `` i assure you that the situation will be controlled . '' 
 `` settled then . '' 
 a voice said . 
 `` he will be kept in your possession for the duration of his stay . 
 keep us moving forward , doctor . '' 
 `` and let us know of your project 's first results , '' another added . 
 `` doctor barton and i will begin testing right away , '' whitmere concluded . 
 `` thank you , council . 
 i will not fail you . '' 
 the words replayed over and over in barton 's head . 
 he had heard them loud and clear . 
 there was no misunderstanding . 
 they were denying his departure . 
 he realized suddenly that everything had gone quiet . 
 they were being dismissed . 
 they were coming . 
 barton thought about confronting them right there , but thought better of it . 
 he turned and sprinted away before being found . 
 he gained the hallway . 
 his pace was quick , but not enough so that he alerted anyone . 
 the few doctors he saw paid him no mind . 
 the panicked look in his eyes had changed to something more casual . 
 hiding his feelings was something that he did masterfully . 
 but inside there was a sense of urgency . 
 his stomach churned . 
 he became nervous as he reached his lab and entered . 
 he tried to sit and gather his thoughts , but he was too anxious . 
 he paced alongside of a table . 
 his mind raced with thoughts ; the conclusion always the same -- escape . 
 he took a deep breath and exhaled slowly . 
 he had the upper hand , in a sense only that he knew of their plan , and they nothing of his . 
 that gave him hope . 
 but the time to act was now . 
 escape became the focus . 
 with that came anxiety . 
 it would be nearly impossible . 
 he was n't even sure his body could withstand the change now . 
 he was n't the same physically as when he had first arrived . 
 and all along , whitmere has suggested that leaving would kill him . 
 if i left , i would be killed ? 
 or they would kill me ? 
 it did n't matter . 
 staying further would do the same . 
 he would not rely on them further . 
 he looked down to his hands , they were shaking . 
 he wiped the sweat forming along his forehead . 
 he stopped pacing . 
 he began rationalizing . 
 if he could grow back flesh and tissue , he could link broken chains . 
 every patient came with a problem that he worked to solve . 
 his own would n't be any different . 
 he looked at his vials with solutions and formulas and promised himself he would figure it out . 
 he smiled in spite of himself . 
 promises . 
 he hated that word . 
 chapter 4 darryl thrashed , grabbing various parts of his chest and sides . 
 there was no one place that it hurt ; it was everywhere at once . 
 whitmere 's eyes narrowed , his eyebrows lowering in a slant towards his nose . 
 he remained motionless , watching darryl . 
 then it was over . 
 darryl settled , his breathing returned to normal , the pain residing . 
 his teeth still clenched tight , his hands still squeezing on his sheets . 
 then he let out a sigh , a slight moaning gasp to emphasize that it had left his system . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? '' 
 he asked whitmere . 
 `` reaction to the medicine . 
 your body needs to change , to heal . '' 
 darryl nodded . 
 `` it hurts so bad . 
 i ca n't explain the pain . 
 it 's like ... tearing and twisting all at once . 
 my insides are shifting around . 
 it 's not normal for me to feel like this . '' 
 `` what i will do , darryl , is increase your meds to counter the pain . 
 if it 's persistent , then we will try something else . 
 i will scan you , to make certain that your internals are acting they way i want them to . 
 healing takes time , though . 
 be patient . '' 
 whitmere turned to see the machine behind darryl , staring at the monitor , hearing the beeping sound change in pitch , knowing that it meant darryl 's heartbeat had changed , and his brain activity had lessened . 
 after a few moments of studying , and thinking , whitmere turned back to darryl . 
 `` darryl , i think you 'll be fine in a few days . 
 i am going to go look at your blood work . 
 remember , if you feel the need to rest , go ahead and do so . 
 relaxation is your ally . '' 
 `` i am tired a lot , '' darryl admitted . 
 `` and every time i fall asleep , i have the same dream . '' 
 whitmere paid closer attention . 
 `` really ? 
 explain it to me . '' 
 `` i 'm in my house . 
 it 's night . 
 the house is trashed . 
 i hear someone crying right away ; i know it 's a woman . 
 i can smell her , but i never see her . 
 i look for her in the dark , but i never find her . 
 she just cries and cries . 
 it hurts so bad . '' 
 `` and you 've seen her how many times ? '' 
 `` i never get to find her . 
 that 's what makes it so frustrating . 
 she just cries in pain and i ca n't get to her . 
 when i wake up , i can still feel her pain . 
 it 's so real , doc . '' 
 whitmere paused , picking his words carefully . 
 `` your subconscious could be revealing to you some of your locked away memories . 
 of course , because of your amnesia , you could be the one crying , searching for yourself . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 `` but then again , a dream is just a dream . 
 i would n't think too much about it , darryl . '' 
 darryl sighed deeply . 
 `` i do n't think it 's just a dream . '' 
 whitmere turned for the door . 
 `` okay . 
 your meds will be increased for the pain and i 'll see what can be done about your sleep . 
 rest is very important , as i said before . 
 i will check in on you later , darryl . 
 nice talking to you , and get some rest . '' 
 `` thanks , doc . '' 
 whitmere entered his lab . 
 barton stood at a table staring at silver liquids in narrow containers . 
 whitmere hesitated . 
 he could feel the tension right away . 
 `` doctor barton , i am surprised to find you here . '' 
 whitmere walked over to him . 
 barton stayed silent for a moment . 
 `` where would you expect to find me ? '' 
 whitmere watched barton inspect his work . 
 `` do you know what that is ? 
 i 've been working on that for a few weeks now . '' 
 `` you keep secrets from me . '' 
 whitmere paused . 
 `` what are you referring to ? '' 
 `` this , of course . '' 
 barton held the vial up . 
 whitmere exhaled sharply , head nodding , smiling in relief . 
 `` we 'll i was hoping you would help me with it . '' 
 barton set the vial back into its holder . 
 `` i 'm here so you can give me what i wish . 
 i 've have kept my end of the bargain . 
 again . '' 
 whitmere sighed . 
 he swirled his solution around in the vial before setting in back into its holder . 
 he turned , looking barton square in the eyes . 
 `` let 's cut to the chase , '' he began . 
 `` i have spoken to the council , as i promised you i would . 
 i argued your leave with them . 
 they however , want you to work with me on this last project . '' 
 barton did n't blink . 
 whitmere was taken by his lack of response . 
 `` they feel that if you and i work together to finish this project , it will result in high success . 
 in return , of course , your release , as you see it , will be granted . 
 i know that 's not what you had planned , but i think it is for the best . '' 
 barton slowly walked around the table towards whitmere . 
 `` i 'm sure the council has plans of their own , making mine of lesser importance . '' 
 `` council 's plans are for the good of us all . '' 
 whitmere stated . 
 `` why do n't i speak to them directly ? '' 
 whitmere stiffened . 
 `` you know they wo n't listen to you . 
 you know the rules , doctor . '' 
 `` they 're your rules . 
 not mine . '' 
 barton did n't budge . 
 `` you are not looking at the big picture . 
 and until they agree that you are no longer needed here ... '' whitmere did n't have to finish . 
 `` what if i make myself unnecessary then ? '' 
 barton said coldly . 
 `` what if i make people die ? '' 
 whitmere sagged . 
 he could see it in barton 's eyes . 
 he could sabotage everything out of spite . 
 `` then the formula you need , you will never have . 
 plain and simple . '' 
 barton tried to see the truth in the other 's eyes . 
 there was more than he was being told . 
 `` i wish there was something i could do , '' whitmere began . 
 `` give me the formula . '' 
 whitmere proceeded with caution . 
 `` i ca n't do that , as i 've stated . 
 council would not permit that to happen right now . '' 
 `` i think maybe there is no formula . 
 you do n't seem to have a need for one . '' 
 barton 's head cocked to the side . 
 he was studying whitmere 's every reaction . 
 `` am i correct ? '' 
 `` no , '' he began with empathy . 
 `` and i will prove it when -- '' `` enough . '' 
 barton raised a hand , silencing the old man . 
 he had heard it all before . 
 he had come to give whitmere one last chance to help him . 
 there was a slim chance for hope ; but the old man did n't want to participate . 
 it could 've been easy , he thought . 
 he stared into the other 's hard eyes with an edge to his own . 
 he was calm , like the eye of a hurricane . 
 both remained silent for a few seconds , measuring the other . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 've put you under a lot of stress , '' whitmere said finally . 
 `` why do n't you take the rest of the day off , relax , and clear your thoughts ? 
 i would n't want you to make a decision that you would end up regretting . '' 
 `` from here on out , there will be no regrets . '' 
 barton turned and walked out . 
 whitmere stood alone . 
 he walked over to his cabinet and unlocked a drawer . 
 pulling the drawer open , he saw a folder with barton 's name on it . 
 he paused , feeling relieved that it was still there , still locked away with all the secrets his patient sought , still safe and sound . 
 whitmere slammed the drawer shut and locked it . 
 barton did not need to know , he thought . 
 all he had to know was who he was working for . 
 as long as barton did that , everything would be fine . 
 whitmere looked around his room . 
 keeping barton content was going to be a challenge . 
 he reflected then on the past successes with barton . 
 he reached into his pocket and held a few orange pills . 
 he sighed . 
 it was going to be hard to replace him , he thought wearily . 
 it was hours later when nurse jean knocked on the door , then entered hastily without waiting for whitmere to allow entrance . 
 her eyes were wide with worry . 
 she spoke faster than she moved . 
 `` you need to come with me , doctor ! '' 
 whitmere was in the middle of jotting down notes on formulas used on patients , sitting at his desk , writing in codes only he could understand . 
 but he bolted out of the chair immediately , following jean as she sped into the hall . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 whitmere asked , jogging next to her . 
 she did n't turn to him . 
 `` i am hoping you can tell me . '' 
 `` what is it , jean ? '' 
 he insisted . 
 her head shook . 
 `` i do n't have the words . '' 
 whitmere was worried . 
 jean turned abruptly and entered a room . 
 several nurses and doctors stood hovering around a bed . 
 there was a patient in it . 
 whitmere made his way bedside , listening to the others ask him what was happening . 
 `` when did this happen ? '' 
 he gasped . 
 whitmere swallowed hard . 
 the patient 's skin was bruised everywhere . 
 it appeared to be female , but her face and neck were so swollen that identity was impossible . 
 the patient was breathing slowly ; fingers and eyes were twitching uncontrollably . 
 `` muscle spasms , '' one doctor said . 
 `` complete nervous system failure , '' a nurse followed . 
 jean turned to whitmere , angrily . 
 `` what did you do here ? '' 
 `` this is not my work , '' he spit back . 
 whitmere separated the eyelids to see nothing but red pools . 
 strange popping sounds came from within her body . 
 the patient screamed terribly , and then blood spilled out of every opening . 
 breathing stopped immediately . 
 the room fell into silence . 
 a doctor threw a sheet over the body . 
 eyes turned to whitmere for answers . 
 he had none . 
 whitmere spoke angrily . 
 `` find out what happened here . '' 
 as he turned to exit , stepping into the hall , another nurse rushed past . 
 seeing him , she turned around . 
 `` doctor ! '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 whitmere 's face flushed with confusion as she told him how two of her patients were missing . 
 she had no answers . 
 `` what the hell is going on ?! '' 
 chapter 5 hidden in a dark room that was forgotten by everyone else , doctor barton thrust the long needle deep into the ear canal of his patient , watching his body thrust abruptly , his gut-retching scream muffled under the wad of clothing and tape gagging him , the chained cuffs about his ankles and wrists stretching taut to the corners of the bed , his eyes in panic , filled with a terrible pleas to be let go . 
 but barton had other plans . 
 pressing his strong hand down over the patient 's mouth firmly to cover any whimpers escaping , he began to inject his serum into the patient 's brain . 
 barton 's beady , dark eyes were squinting half closed , not the slightest trace of compassion revealed . 
 he watched the eyes of his patient closely , anxious to see results , oblivious to the streams of tears coming from them . 
 as the seconds went by , the screaming lessened ; the eyes drifting to see beyond the one light shining overhead . 
 barton removed the needle and placed his other hand against the patient 's heart . 
 it was fluttering hard , pounding rapidly in an irregular rhythm . 
 then suddenly , it went still . 
 barton quickly looked back to the patient 's eyes . 
 flat . 
 empty . 
 a glossy stare , fixed and unwavering . 
 doctor barton watched a milky film begin to cover them . 
 again ! 
 grunting in dissatisfaction , he walked back a step to his chair and sat , out of reach from the light , sitting comfortably in the darkness , so adept to it now that it was preferred . 
 he could see almost perfectly in nearly the darkest circumstances . 
 here , he felt as if the dark was his only ally -- a warm blanket against the chilly air . 
 he began thinking . 
 he was missing something . 
 his calculations were wrong ; too much of one thing , not enough of another . 
 but he did n't know . 
 maybe it was the patients he chose being so far advanced that he could not change them . 
 but he was not certain . 
 everything and anyone can be changed . 
 in that one sense , we 're alike . 
 almost , he thought , stopping his train of thinking that began comparing them to him . 
 any similarities began after he arrived . 
 and even then ... barton 's breathing was steady and calm as he relaxed and tried to relinquish his frustrations , trying to open his mind to allow clear thinking . 
 retracing his steps , rethinking his solution and all the reactions previous , only allowed his anger to slowly seep back into place . 
 time was running out he knew . 
 he could feel it . 
 like air slowly escaping knowing that none would return . 
 he needed to be more efficient , more successful . 
 it 'll take them some time to find me down here . 
 by then i should have what i need . 
 a few more patients . 
 just a few . 
 all at once though , because they will be looking now . 
 suspecting . 
 act quickly , before they realize . 
 before they have a chance . 
 the familiar snapping sound broke his concentration . 
 he stood then , rising to the bedside to begin covering the patient with a bed sheet , watching the patient 's skin begin to darken , almost a purple color , as the blood vessels beneath the skin began to burst . 
 it was a strange affect ; one that he 'd grown used to now . 
 with the body covered and the snapping fading , barton pushed the bed out of the room , down the dark corridor , passing several closed and barred doors , until the end of the hall . 
 a set of double doors stood and he entered without hesitation , pushing the patient quickly inside . 
 the dark interior was lit with the flickering of a yellow glow cast upon the walls and ceiling , shedding from the fire burning within a large pit walled by a chute and a single iron-cast door . 
 barton pushed the bed to the furnace , opened the door , then grabbed the sheets into a bundle and tossed the body in , closing the door behind . 
 without looking back , barton pushed the bed back out of the room , through the hall to his own secret chamber , already deciding when to fill the bed again . 
 no better time than the present . 
 doctor barton stalked through the patients ' ward unchallenged . 
 it was early in the morning , too early for many of the doctors and nurses to be there . 
 a few stationed here and there were all that was present . 
 enough to fill the need . 
 barton entered his lab cautiously , half-expecting someone to be hiding in the shadows , waiting to question him , or worse . 
 he stood motionless at the door for a few moments until the suspicion passed . 
 nothing moved . 
 nothing was out of place . 
 he was alone . 
 he turned on a single light and began to gather his formulas , syringes and needles , vials filled with liquids and empty ones for further use , a few handwritten notes and some files containing patient information , then shut the light off and turned for the door . 
 before leaving , he took a last look around , making certain he had all that was necessary . 
 another trip into the lab would not be wise , he knew . 
 this was farewell . 
 barton shook his head , grimacing as unwelcome memories came . 
 it had been his working space for the last ten years ; his confinement as he saw it . 
 this is where shady deals were made and broken . 
 whitmere had trained him here , had worked closely with him discovering new ways of healing the human body , of creating new ways of changing how the body responded to various stimulants , new ways of developing change altogether . 
 here he was introduced to a whole new world of thinking ; unlimited possibilities were achievable . 
 goals were conquered . 
 dreams were never far from reality ; everything was plausible . 
 everything . 
 god was removed from the equation and they were the creators . 
 here is where it all began . 
 he forced his thoughts to the present . 
 the past was filled with emotions he did not care to relive . 
 nodding to himself that it was time , he pushed away his memories like swallowing a bitter orange pill , opened the door and walked away . 
 the few people he saw in passing left him alone . 
 doctor barton wiped the sweat beads from his brow as he placed the last patient in the cage-like cell and locked the door . 
 he would come for them when the need arose , when the serum needed to be tested anew . 
 and it would , repeatedly . 
 he walked away then , back to his new chamber deep in the dungeon-like cellar , listening to the handful of patients left behind moaning in anguish . 
 their bodies could not function properly . 
 they were rejects , failures to initial testing . 
 their bodies had responded irregularly . 
 now they were left to die . 
 opening the door to his chamber , he saw the terror set in the pair of eyes staring back at him . 
 she was scared , the worry not leaving as he walked over to her . 
 she was strapped in the bed tight , able only to move her eyes and fingers . 
 which she did frantically . 
 barton stood over her . 
 she was young . 
 her skin was pale , save for green and black splotches around her neck and chest . 
 he reached down and pulled the collar of her shirt down further , just far enough to see the bruises clearly , seeing no end to them ; her body shuddering at his touch . 
 she began to cry then , her mouth gagged so that no real sound was permitted escape , but it still belled from deep within her . 
 her cheeks were wet , her eyes begging for him to let her go unharmed . 
 `` sh . 
 no need for all that . '' 
 barton said flatly . 
 `` not yet , anyway . '' 
 he turned to his table , full of medical instruments , his vials and serums , the long needles and injection guns , and began to work . 
 mixing strange liquids in tube shaped vials , he waited to find their reaction . 
 they were stronger doses than he was previously working with , adding more nanomachines , programming them slightly different , not yet finding what he was looking for , what would work , what would counter whitmere 's intentions . 
 but he would stay the course . 
 he was determined . 
 he had been a part of creating the nanomachines whitmere was using , so he was not completely lost in direction . 
 it was simply a matter of finding how far the patient was in transforming and modifying the methods to react accordingly . 
 new nanomachines would have to be injected to first eliminate the ones already at work , then to begin their tasks of altering cells . 
 they were a marvelous creation , able to do unthinkable tasks . 
 internal bleeding was no longer a problem . 
 cancerous cells were devoured with no risk to the patient . 
 barton kept working on them , evolving what they had created . 
 altering dna strands were no longer out of reach . 
 and mixed with regenerative discoveries , they had pushed the envelope on creating new cells ; they were able to grow human flesh . 
 nothing was beyond their reach . 
 after mixing solutions for an hour , barton carefully filled his injection gun with a small dose . 
 his patient had slipped into a slumber , exhausted . 
 he pressed the nozzle up tight against her forearm and fired . 
 the sound was barely audible ; a sharp puff of air shot a blast of serum into her blood stream . 
 the pain was minimum ; just enough to wake her . 
 groggy and sleep filled still , her eyes wandered slowly , before realizing where she was . 
 then they opened wide and the screaming began anew . 
 `` relax . '' 
 he urged . 
 there would be some pain , he knew . 
 it was inevitable . 
 then her screaming faded . 
 barton paid attention then to her vitals . 
 one hand felt her pulse at her wrist , the other placed firmly over her hearth . 
 everything was normal . 
 he waited a few seconds , watching her eyes . 
 she looked around curiously , almost puzzled . 
 barton smiled . 
 he removed the gag from her mouth . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 fear coated her words . 
 `` i feel ... different . '' 
 `` you are different , '' he whispered . 
 barton turned back to his table , taking notes on what percentage he used , happy with the breakthrough . 
 anxious to make whitmere pay , he worked faster . 
 he would change everything now . 
 all of their work was his to undo ; everything would be destroyed . 
 now they would see exactly what he was capable of doing , of how heartless and ruthlessly cunning they had made him . 
 they were wrong to bring me here . 
 as he began to write , he heard a snap . 
 his breathing stopped . 
 he looked quickly to his patient in disbelief . 
 snap . 
 another followed . 
 then all at once it sounded like sheets of rain hitting a metal roof . 
 quickly he jumped from his chair , anger replacing the disbelief in his eyes . 
 her skin was purple in splotches , spreading rapidly . 
 barton pounded his fists into the table . 
 he stood over her for a few seconds , watching her eyes fall lifeless ; his breathing invaded the deep silence . 
 his face was an empty shell . 
 he began the ritual of disposing the body . 
 his emotions made him eager to press on . 
 upon his return , he walked in with a new patient and began the process over . 
 within an hour he was replacing the patient again . 
 the morning hours whittled away like the number of patients . 
 with the last one strapped in , the modified injection spreading through his bloodstream , barton 's weary face watched closely . 
 `` tell me your name , '' barton said . 
 the man was elderly , his face a yellowish brown . 
 `` i do n't ... '' he trailed off , gasping for air . 
 snap . 
 barton was already pushing the bed out of the room . 
 he did n't look down to the patient . 
 he did n't need to . 
 he did n't hear the continuous sounds of blood cells bursting , or the faint escape of the patient 's last breath . 
 the stress of being able to accomplish what was escaping him was bearing down heavily . 
 back in his chamber , sitting at his desk staring at his vials , he began to wonder the possibility that they had made the nanomachines too efficient . 
 or the patients he was testing were so far advanced that maybe they could not be changed . 
 certainly not as fast as he was attempting . 
 it would take time . 
 time to grow . 
 time to nurture . 
 but there was no time . 
 he used his small machine to review his blood , to inspect his dna again . 
 the code was different from his patients . 
 he had thought for hours upon hours over what it was that could change the codes , making the strands normal again . 
 he went over his formulas hoping to discover what whitmere was keeping secret . 
 and for hours more he was unsuccessful . 
 he mulled at his failings . 
 then he saw what he was overlooking . 
 the answer came to him suddenly and he felt foolish that it was so obvious . 
 but what was needed , he knew , did not exist now . 
 `` it 's too late , '' he gasped . 
 `` they 're all initiated . '' 
 no ! 
 find the most recent . 
 i still have a chance . 
 the last patient , last two , he corrected , would not be advanced at all . 
 barton smiled . 
 he would take them next . 
 chapter 6 darryl 's eyes opened slowly . 
 he saw doctor whitmere and another man -- a male nurse , watching over him . 
 `` darryl . '' 
 `` good morning , '' darryl yawned . 
 he rubbed the sleep from his eyes . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` darryl , today we are going to start your physical therapy . 
 your vitals are reading well enough to begin testing your strength . 
 conditioning it , rather . 
 a strong body will lead to a strong mind . 
 how do you feel about that ? '' 
 darryl nodded eagerly . 
 `` anything that gets me out of this room . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 whitmere 's smile remained . 
 `` first , eat some breakfast , and then change your clothes . '' 
 the nurse placed some patient clothing on the end of the bed , a pair of slippers too , and then motioned towards the wall where a small cart was placed , a plate of food waiting . 
 not even the awful taste of the food was enough to discourage him . 
 darryl tried to remove his shirt . 
 his chest ached , and he had a hard time . 
 `` would you like some help ? '' 
 whitmere offered , motioning for the nurse to help darryl . 
 darryl sent him a look that suggested he would pass on the offer , and whitmere did not press the issue . 
 `` sit upright for a few long moments before you try to stand . 
 we 'll be in the hall , if you need some help . '' 
 `` i think i can manage . 
 thank you , though . '' 
 whitmere nodded and walked away with the nurse in tow . 
 when whitmere was out of the room darryl began to remove his shirt and jeans , finding that his body ached all over . 
 but he was able enough to change . 
 the outfit he was given was loose fitting , making it easy to put on . 
 standing on his own for a second without moving , feeling his blood begin to flow down into his feet , darryl pulled the tray of food over to him . 
 it was brown and chunky , wet , yet solid , cold in some spots , warm in others , undesirable in any case . 
 darryl frowned , and began eating . 
 he did n't care for the bitter taste , but he agreed that it looked worse than it was . 
 next to the plate of food were the two orange pills . 
 twice a day , he thought , wondering what good they were doing . 
 he took them both , hoping they would return his memory as he was told they would . 
 while eating , he suddenly felt another presence . 
 he slowly turned to the door , which had somehow opened without him knowing , and noticed the nurse standing in the doorway watching . 
 observing , he corrected . 
 the stare the nurse gave made darryl uncomfortable . 
 it was almost a curious look , as if he had never seen a man eat before . 
 but even without the strange look , darryl was finished . 
 he could n't eat with someone watching . 
 turning from the cart to the nurse , darryl was beckoned to follow . 
 darryl smiled , anxious to leave the room . 
 darryl was led down the hall , turning a corner and walking past several closed doors before the nurse stopped , opened a door and motioned for him to enter . 
 it was a small room with a glass windowed room at its center . 
 weights were stacked along the side wall . 
 whitmere stood waiting . 
 `` darryl , come in . '' 
 darryl walked in , the nurse staying close to the door . 
 `` i made it this far on my own . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 `` good , darryl . 
 you 're showing me that your body is healing as it should . '' 
 `` what are we going to be doing ? '' 
 `` first , i 'm going to have you keep walking . '' 
 darryl stared quizzically . 
 `` where ? '' 
 doctor whitmere walked away towards the glass room . 
 stopping close to it , he pointed to the floor . 
 darryl followed , seeing now what the doctor was talking about . 
 built level with the floor was a treadmill-like mat . 
 `` stand right here and face forward . '' 
 whitmere said . 
 forward meant towards the glass room that whitmere had stepped into , darryl thought . 
 he watched whitmere push buttons , awhile he walked over to stand on the treadmill . 
 `` i 'm going to turn this on now , the mat will begin moving . 
 it will be slow at first . 
 tell me when it becomes too difficult . '' 
 darryl nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm ready . '' 
 the mat began to move . 
 darryl walked with it , not having any difficulties . 
 after a few moments he could feel the pace quicken slightly . 
 `` keep going , darryl i need to run some test . '' 
 darryl was fine . 
 it was a weird sensation in his lower half , but not necessarily one of pain or discomfort . 
 the faster his legs moved , the more he sweat . 
 and then his lungs began to ache . 
 he was becoming winded . 
 darryl looked into the lab whitmere was in and saw a hologram of himself appear before the doctor . 
 it was red , showing no skin or hair , only veins and organs , with his chest , brain , and some parts of his limbs a yellowish hue . 
 whitmere touched the hologram at certain spots and the organs enlarged , moving as if they were alive . 
 whitmere took his time looking through the hologram , making notes , looking back at darryl every so often before adjusting the speed . 
 darryl did n't push himself . 
 his legs felt heavy ; his footfalls awkward . 
 moving his limbs felt unusual , ungraceful at times . 
 it was though he was not used to using them . 
 he was slightly embarrassed . 
 his breathing was short , quick gasps when he finally called out to whitmere . 
 `` stop . 
 i need a rest . '' 
 the belt slowed and stopped right away . 
 winded , darryl stepped off it , hunching over with his hands on his knees , thinking that he was worked himself too hard . 
 there was a pain in his chest . 
 he was sore all over . 
 his lungs ached in a weird sensation , almost as if something was blocking the air , or at least reducing the amount he was able to inhale . 
 darryl coughed , feeling the sweat trickle down his back and neck . 
 his body was beginning to feel cold . 
 looking up , he saw whitmere still searching through the hologram . 
 the look in his eyes was intense . 
 whitmere worked for a few more minutes , then walked out and over to darryl . 
 as their eyes met , whitmere smiled . 
 `` very good , darryl . '' 
 he walked over to darryl and checked his pupils and his pulse . 
 he was pleased at what he found . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 darryl 's ragged breathing was calming . 
 `` winded . 
 sore . 
 but not too bad . '' 
 whitmere handed him a small towel . 
 darryl wiped his face and neck . 
 it was water that he really needed . 
 `` how 's about a drink ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 the results will need some time to calculate . 
 let 's get you showered and refreshed . 
 then i want to test your memory . '' 
 `` sounds good , doc . '' 
 whitmere led the way back to darryl 's room . 
 in the hall , they rounded a corner and instantly whitmere brought them to a halt . 
 his voice broke darryl 's drifting thoughts . 
 before them stood barton with a patient . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 whitmere was irritated . 
 darryl looked at the doctor , the one with the shifty eyes , who now looked guilty of something , and then to the patient -- a woman . 
 she was almost his height , about his age , and instantly captivating . 
 she had blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes . 
 it took darryl a few seconds to realize that he was staring . 
 and she was watching . 
 instinctively , he looked away . 
 `` i 'm following your orders , '' barton began slyly . 
 as whitmere pulled barton aside from the patients , darryl swallowed nervously . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked at once . 
 `` darryl . 
 at least , i think it is . '' 
 adelle smiled . 
 `` i 've never met a man who was n't sure what his name was . '' 
 `` i have amnesia , so i ... '' he trailed off , thinking that he sounded ridiculous . 
 `` small world . '' 
 she watched him look away , then casually back . 
 there was something in his eyes that she enjoyed . 
 `` so do i. my name is adelle . 
 at least , i think it is . '' 
 darryl smiled , broad and genuine . 
 `` have we -- '' whitmere 's yell broke their conversation . 
 they turned to look at the doctors , who were very close to each other . 
 both were upset . 
 `` you 're jeopardizing -- '' whitmere began before he was cut off . 
 `` you can let me go anytime you want , '' barton growled . 
 `` no , i ca n't . 
 and just where did you think you were going ? 
 he lied quickly . 
 `` i was taking her to your lab . 
 we 're testing your new serum , correct ? '' 
 whitmere was suspicious for a second . 
 `` you and i need to talk . 
 privately . '' 
 barton smiled hard . 
 `` what about ? '' 
 `` i 'll see you in my lab shortly . '' 
 darryl paid little to their conversation . 
 his thoughts stayed focused on the woman . 
 and as the doctor , the one he remembered now to have seen earlier with whitmere , the one with the cold eyes , began to escort adelle past him , he stared into her eyes , watching hers find his , watching them fill with the same fascination . 
 he did not look away as they walked past , staring even as she walked away . 
 `` darryl , '' whitmere began , `` come along . '' 
 darryl turned around , noticing the doctor staring at him . 
 he beckoned darryl to follow as he walked away . 
 darryl took one last look at adelle , and then hurried to whitmere . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 he asked eagerly . 
 `` that was doctor barton . 
 you 've met him before , darryl . '' 
 whitmere seemed slightly uncomfortable . 
 `` he 's a colleague of mine , a special doctor we 've brought in to help us with our studies . 
 he 's here advancing our progress with suppressed memories . 
 he 's also working closely on developing cutting-edge technology for human tissue repair . 
 he 's too smart for his own good . '' 
 darryl looked quizzically . 
 `` i was asking about the girl . 
 who is she ? '' 
 whitmere did nothing to hide his irritation . 
 `` a patient ; same as you . '' 
 anything else the doctor said then went unnoticed . 
 darryl 's thoughts remained on the woman . 
 his brain replayed their brief encounter repeatedly , much to his delight . 
 he remembered the curvature of her face , the soft look of her pouty lips , and something far more exciting in her eyes . 
 he desperately wanted to know her . 
 `` darryl , '' whitmere spoke his name again . 
 darryl looked up , not remembering the trip down the hall , or entering his room to where they now stood . 
 the nurse had a door opened at the far side of his room ; one he never saw until now . 
 there was a shower inside . 
 the water was already running . 
 whitmere was pointing to a towel on a hanger inside the room . 
 his thin lips were moving , saying something . 
 his eyes were filled with annoyance . 
 then he was walking away . 
 the nurse stared at him for a moment , and then he too walked away . 
 it may all have been imagined . 
 darryl 's thoughts were still too wrapped up in the woman known as adelle to be concerned with anything else . 
 chapter 7 she smiled , unable to do anything else . 
 the chance encounter had taken her by surprise . 
 he looked gruff , rugged , the way she liked men to look . 
 he was slightly taller than her with an athletic build . 
 but as appealing as that all was , the look in his brown eyes was even more-so . 
 she could not have helped herself from staring . 
 even when he had looked away , her gazed remained fixed . 
 there was something in those eyes that had made her feel at peace . 
 they made her feel comforted . 
 there was a life in them that was absent in everyone else . 
 even when she was plagued with amnesia , his presence made her forget even that . 
 walking away from him now , she stole a quick look back . 
 he was already walking in the other direction . 
 adelle smiled . 
 finally , things are looking bright . 
 nothing was passed between herself and barton as they walked . 
 she had given up anything resembling a conversation as he had simply shut her out completely at each attempt . 
 he offered nothing . 
 she settled with that . 
 her thoughts stayed on the man with the dreamy eyes . 
 barton 's were much darker . 
 she could almost feel the tension around him . 
 his footfalls sped , hers also , trying to catch up , to keep pace without having to be pulled along so often . 
 `` what 's the rush ? '' 
 she asked . 
 barton grunted something inaudible beneath his breath . 
 he had decisions to make , and fast . 
 the grip on adelle 's hand tightened , squeezing her thin fingers hard . 
 she nearly jerked in response . 
 she looked over to the doctor leading her , but his face was a mask of dark moods and blacker thoughts . 
 the encounter with the other doctor left him so . 
 the tension between them was obvious . 
 whatever had taken place definitely put him in a sour mood . 
 barton led his last patient to whitmere 's lab , opened the door , and pulled her in . 
 he motioned for her to sit ; there was a chair next to a table . 
 he turned away and began looking through whitmere 's things . 
 he was quick , eyes scanning everything , searching and thinking frantically . 
 whitmere would arrive soon . 
 he had little time to discover what he could . 
 he quickly checked every drawer , every cabinet , and every other place that whitmere would be able to hide something . 
 he found nothing . 
 then he went to whitmere 's desk . 
 one drawer was locked . 
 barton tugged and pried , but it would n't open . 
 he knew what he wanted was in there . 
 but he did n't have time to break it open without whitmere knowing . 
 not now , anyway . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 adelle 's voice was laced in worry . 
 she was given no response . 
 barton made adelle uncomfortable . 
 the way he did n't bother answering her now made her worry . 
 she watched him move fast , feeling very vulnerable . 
 whatever he was doing , he did n't want anyone to know about it . 
 barton saw a small case and opened it . 
 vials filled with a silver liquid . 
 quickly he took one out and put it into his pocket . 
 it 's what whitmere had been working on . 
 it was his newest serum ; the one he thought would change everything . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 adelle asked . 
 barton turned suddenly , as though he did n't realize she was even there . 
 he walked over to her ; her eyes flush with concern . 
 `` what treatments have you been given so far ? '' 
 `` some pills . '' 
 `` has whitmere or anyone else administered any injections ? '' 
 barton pressed . 
 she was n't sure . 
 `` i think there was one , when they first brought me in . '' 
 barton checked her arms . 
 one needle mark . 
 he was relieved . 
 that would have been his shot . 
 no one else had touched her . 
 adelle swallowed hard , watching him stare into her as if he was reading her thoughts , as if he could see everything about her . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 `` do you have any headaches ? 
 chest pains ? 
 weak or faint spells ? 
 shortness of breath ? 
 how much do you remember ? '' 
 adelle was nervous . 
 `` i do n't remember anything . 
 i feel fine , mostly . '' 
 `` you 're taking the pills ? '' 
 adelle nodded . 
 she felt like a scolded little kid . 
 `` i take two pills with every meal . '' 
 `` do n't take another . '' 
 barton said sternly . 
 `` doctor whitmere said they 'll help my memory come back . '' 
 she was confused . 
 barton shook his head . 
 he spoke quickly . 
 `` that 's not what they do . 
 do n't swallow them ; do n't chew them . '' 
 `` sure . 
 whatever you want . '' 
 she nodded with uncertainty . 
 she saw relief in his eyes then . 
 his posture relaxed and the anger coating his face was washed clean . 
 he smiled at her then . 
 it did little to comfort her . 
 `` good , adelle . '' 
 barton pulled his injection gun out of his pocket . 
 `` i 'm going to give you a shot now . 
 it 's going to hurt a little . 
 do n't be afraid . '' 
 barton prepared a needle . 
 he paused suddenly , looking back to the door , thinking he heard someone approaching . 
 but no one showed , and he worked faster . 
 with the needle pressed against her pale forearm skin , he began the injection . 
 `` what is this going to do to me ? '' 
 she asked , a hint of fear in her voice . 
 `` it 's going to reverse everything . '' 
 adelle was worried . 
 `` you mean , it 's going to help reverse my amnesia ? '' 
 barton 's eyes were cold . 
 `` you do n't have amnesia . '' 
 adelle panicked , but her body suddenly became racked in pain not allowing her to speak . 
 barton stood , hiding his tools into his pockets , listening to someone open the door . 
 adelle wanted to scream . 
 she was struggling for air . 
 there were sharp spasms in her brain , throbbing terribly . 
 something was atrociously wrong . 
 darkness pooled at the edges of her vision , swirling into the center . 
 she barely made out the confused look in whitmere 's eyes before the blackness enveloped her . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 whitmere asked , watching adelle 's eyes close . 
 she slumped to the side of the chair . 
 whitmere checked her breathing and pulse . 
 `` phase one . '' 
 barton did n't make eye contact . 
 he did n't stand near whitmere as he checked over adelle . 
 `` she 's in shock . '' 
 whitmere was concerned . 
 `` how much did you give her ? '' 
 barton shrugged . 
 `` reactions are always different . 
 the outcome is what matters . 
 you know that better than i. '' silence fell over the room then , save for the girl 's trembling body . 
 the doctors stood for a few moments , watching her body movements slow . 
 `` she could die , '' whitmere said . 
 barton shrugged . 
 `` many have . '' 
 whitmere turned to face him , curious as to why barton would have thought otherwise . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` i do what it takes , doctor . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment while they each studied the other . 
 then whitmere sighed and began speaking with a hint of suspicion . 
 `` i had a patient die today . 
 her body jelled from the inside out . 
 it was strange and odd to be happening now . 
 i have not seen it in years . '' 
 barton said nothing . 
 `` what do you suppose happened ? '' 
 `` is this what you wanted to see me about ? 
 a dead patient ? '' 
 barton was annoyed . 
 `` no one else had access , '' whitmere began with irritation . 
 barton enjoyed the cat and mouse game . 
 he smiled , lying through his teeth . 
 `` i have n't killed anyone , doctor . 
 interrogate your own people . '' 
 the suspicion did n't leave whitmere as he stared at the other . 
 barton held his gaze briefly , and then turned back to the table . 
 `` what are you working on here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 whitmere walked over to where his silver liquid vials were . 
 he removed one from it case , holding it up level to his eyes . 
 `` this has twice the magnitude of what we 've been working with . 
 it 's untested , of course . 
 but stable . '' 
 barton shrugged carelessly . 
 whitmere 's words were charming and slow . 
 `` you 're not curious at all by what this could mean ? 
 everything 's simplified . 
 less testing with faster results . 
 it 's a work in progress still . 
 i am but one man , one mind . 
 but together ... well , together we could -- '' `` and then what happens to me ? '' 
 barton 's face tightened . 
 his jaws clenched down hard . 
 his sarcastic tone was not overlooked . 
 they were quiet for a moment . 
 barton waited for a response , watching the old doctor swirl his serum in the vial , watched his eyes dance with desire . 
 barton stiffened as whitmere turned towards him . 
 the smile was gone ; his old eyes knowing nothing of childhood dreams . 
 `` let me ask you this , old friend . '' 
 whitmere began . 
 `` if you were allowed to leave , where would you go ? '' 
 if ? 
 barton could feel the heat flush his face . 
 if ? 
 whitmere laughed casually . 
 `` let me rephrase my question . 
 where could you go ? 
 surely you realize how much you 've changed since arriving . 
 your adaptation is severe . 
 i can help you , as i said before , but the outcome may not be one hundred percent . 
 there 's no guarantee . 
 and if you left in the state you are in now , at this stage , you would risk your own life . 
 you may want to rethink any sort of hasty leave . '' 
 `` i 'll take my chances , '' he said , his lips barely moving . 
 he kept his fury in check . 
 `` a poor decision , my friend . 
 even for you . '' 
 whitmere 's smile disappeared . 
 `` i 'll live with it . '' 
 `` so , there 's nothing you will stay for ? 
 not me , not our work , or anything else ? 
 you are fully prepared to walk away from everything ? 
 you are positive ? '' 
 barton inched forward . 
 `` give me the cure . '' 
 whitmere nodded . 
 he looked defeated . 
 `` i will inform the council and tell them that you are leaving . '' 
 `` i think you 'll tell them what you wish , '' sighed barton . 
 whitmere swallowed hard . 
 `` do me one last favor ? 
 escort her to her room while i rush to see if the council is in ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 barton nodded obediently . 
 run and tell the council that your plan failed . 
 run and warn them . 
 or simply run for your life . 
 whitmere exited the room . 
 barton helped adelle to her feet . 
 she was still too out of it to walk on her own . 
 he unfolded a wheelchair and sat her in it . 
 pushing her out of the lab , he saw no sign of whitmere . 
 they reached adelle 's room without incident . 
 he put her in her bed . 
 she was whimpering . 
 she was alive , though . 
 he reached into his pocket and felt the vial stolen from whitmere 's lab . 
 time for more testing . 
 this time he 'll use the new serum , said to work twice as fast . 
 he bent down to adelle 's ear and whispered , `` see you soon . '' 
 in the middle of the night , the screaming began . 
 darryl awoke at once , startled . 
 he lay in bed for a second , confused , and not knowing whether it was real or if he had dreamt it . 
 wide awake now , all he heard was silence . 
 a dim yellow light came through the window of the door . 
 the hall light began flickering on and off . 
 it was annoyingly hypnotic . 
 it was not bright enough to do anything other than place dark shapes in clusters around its perimeter . 
 darryl stared at the door 's window . 
 as his eyes fixed on the lighted square , his mind drifted back to adelle . 
 she was out there . 
 somewhere in a room like his own . 
 alone , maybe thinking of him . 
 another amnesia patient . 
 i wonder what happened to her . 
 i wonder if she 's nearby . 
 she would be given the same treatment , so it was likely that they would place her in the same ward . 
 she could be one room over . 
 lying in bed , too . 
 awake . 
 talking to me in her head . 
 he frowned . 
 his sigh was depleting . 
 yeah , right . 
 she 's probably got a good life waiting . 
 married . 
 kids . 
 her husband is probably a professional athlete . 
 she 'll remember him and forget she even saw me . 
 probably already has . 
 darryl turned in his bed , putting his back to the door , closing his eyes to the dreams that would not be coming true . 
 he felt isolated . 
 it was heartbreaking to be alone , feeling forgotten and abandoned . 
 he was starving to be fed his memories . 
 he was desperate to cling to anything that he thought would identify him . 
 anything that would n't leave him . 
 i do n't even have my dream now . 
 everything has left me . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut hard . 
 he blanketed himself in the warmth of depression and self pity . 
 something needed to change . 
 something positive . 
 the doctors told him the road to recovery was long , but they had no idea how dark it was . 
 then she screamed . 
 it was shrill , loud and filled with terror . 
 what the ... ? 
 darryl sat up instantly . 
 his heart pounded . 
 his eyes were wide and alert . 
 a shadow rushed by his window . 
 he was scared . 
 the scream came again , louder . 
 it was closer . 
 and then he thought he recognized it . 
 he walked to the door and waited beside the window . 
 he heard her then , her muffled whimper , her screaming gagged through the struggle . 
 his heart pounded harder . 
 he recognized the voice . 
 swallowing hard , he looked out the window . 
 nothing . 
 but he heard the approach . 
 a dragging sound ; something soft . 
 not metal , not heavy . 
 darryl 's eyes still penetrated into the yellow flickering light . 
 then figures passed -- two bodies dragging one . 
 adelle ! 
 gagged and bound , her eyes still found his . 
 then she fought hard then . 
 arms flailing , thrashing and elbowing her male captors , as she screamed , searching for a chance to escape . 
 as the two men lost their balance , adelle ripped the cloth from her mouth and ran to darryl 's door . 
 darryl pressed himself against the window in shock . 
 he saw the fear in adelle 's eyes . 
 then the men were grabbing her . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` darryl ! 
 do n't listen to them ! 
 do n't let them touch you ! '' 
 darryl stood speechless . 
 the men tackled her to the floor , trying to gag her once more . 
 `` do n't take the pills ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 then the cloth was being stuffed into her mouth once again . 
 `` remember me ! '' 
 but the last of her efforts were muffled . 
 she continued anyway while they drug her away down the hall . 
 `` adelle ! 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 darryl yelled . 
 abruptly a face appeared in the window . 
 darryl jumped back . 
 cruel eyes burned into his own . 
 then suddenly the figure was gone . 
 darryl moved close to the window again . 
 he saw the other man walking away , following the others . 
 he stared for almost an hour after they were gone . 
 no one else came . 
 no one followed them . 
 still he waited . 
 he envisioned her running back to him , free , smiling . 
 she never came back . 
 he replayed her warnings over again . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 but the sheer panic in her voice and the terror in her eyes were convincing enough for him to consider that she knew something he did not . 
 he realized then who it was at the window . 
 the set of beady , cold eyes he had seen earlier . 
 it was the doctor . 
 the one they called barton . 
 chapter 8 see you soon . 
 the chilling voice echoed in darryl 's mind . 
 it pulled him from his sleep in a quick , sharp gasp . 
 he was instantly afraid . 
 he frantically rubbed his eyes , but he saw no one . 
 he was alone in the darkness . 
 his body was laced in a cold sweat as he sat upright and stared into the shadows . 
 the hall light had stopped flickering , stopped shining altogether now , leaving his room shrouded in blackness . 
 staring at the door 's window , doing so now out of habit , out of expectance , he waited for someone to show , for a shadow to slip by . 
 but he saw nothing . 
 the only presence he was aware of now was the silence . 
 darryl lay back , feeling the cool wetness of his pillow and sheet press against his hair and skin as he tried to get comfortable once again . 
 he took a deep breath and began convincing himself that the voice was part of a dream . 
 but his dreams lately were just as empty as his memory . 
 he swallowed hard ; his eyes moved nervously , scanning the room . 
 he was wide awake now , and falling back asleep was not going to happen easily . 
 adelle flashed before him . 
 her face was strewn in lines of panic ; eyes plagued with terror , arms reaching , fingers extending , voice pleading for him , for help that he was n't giving . 
 the image appeared so fast that darryl thought for a second it was real . 
 impulsively , he looked to the door . 
 her words avalanched everything in his mind . 
 remember me ! 
 the connection darryl felt to her could not be dismissed as mere pity of circumstance . 
 it was more than just his physical attraction to her , much deeper than superficial . 
 there was substance there ; it was undeniable . 
 the way she had called to him with such urgency , such normalcy , as if she knew exactly how he would react , was all too real for darryl to simply ignore . 
 darryl 's thoughts stayed on adelle as he lay in bed , content to let his mind wander . 
 where did she go ? 
 why was she taken like that ? 
 what did she do wrong ? 
 what did she know ? 
 i 've never seen anyone look so scared . 
 why would n't they try to calm her ? 
 it was like they did n't even care . 
 like her feelings did n't matter . 
 who could be that cold ? 
 where 's their humanity ? 
 darryl fought to grasp the answers to his questions . 
 but the questions were abundant , and the answers were obscure . 
 finally , exhaustion overcame him . 
 his eyes shut , his breathing slowed . 
 before sleep washed away all his thoughts , he promised himself that he would never forget her . 
 it was morning when darryl awoke . 
 a tray of food , two orange pills , and a glass of water were sitting on a cart next to his bed . 
 he sat upright , leaned over and took the pills , bringing them up to his mouth . 
 then he stopped . 
 he stared at them in question . 
 he remembered adelle 's plea -- her warning not to take them . 
 he stared at them in a new fashion ; he was inspecting them . 
 he was curious about them now , as before he had simply taken them because it was what he was told to do . 
 something moved outside his window . 
 his nurse , watching . 
 one eye shifted to find darryl 's . 
 the look made darryl swallow the pills . 
 the nurse turned away , but did n't leave . 
 darryl cast aside his suspicion and doubt and put his trust in whitmere 's word . 
 the pills were made to help . 
 they were fine . 
 he was putting too much thought into all of this and just needed to let the doctors do their jobs . 
 he turned in bed , placed the tray on his lap and convinced himself to eat when the door opened and whitmere walked in . 
 the doctor was troubled by something . 
 `` good morning , '' darryl greeted . 
 `` how do you feel this morning , darryl ? '' 
 whitmere stood beside him . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 still a little tired , though . '' 
 `` darryl , has barton come to visit you this morning ? '' 
 darryl shook his head . 
 `` you two do n't get along , do you ? '' 
 whitmere was taken by surprise . 
 `` well , sometimes it feels as if we are from different planets . '' 
 darryl smiled . 
 `` well , everyone has their own way of doing things . '' 
 whitmere 's face sagged with frustration . 
 `` i need to know right away if he comes in contact with you . '' 
 whitmere stared at him for a second , making certain darryl understood he was serious . 
 then he turned and walked for the door . 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 whitmere paused , turning back . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` adelle . 
 is she doing better today ? '' 
 whitmere stared blankly . 
 he had no idea what darryl was talking about . 
 `` she just seemed so frightened last night . 
 i was just curious . '' 
 darryl finished to himself . 
 he felt embarrassed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 darryl realized then that whitmere was unaware of barton 's actions . 
 he told the doctor what he saw . 
 he told him everything . 
 whitmere 's expression never changed . 
 his eyes still held a penetrating gaze . 
 `` she was hallucinating , darryl . '' 
 whitmere stated firmly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she was genuinely terrified . '' 
 `` a mere side affect , possibly triggered by a bad dream , or a fragmented memory . 
 it 's very common . '' 
 darryl looked away . 
 he let whitmere 's explanation sink in , thinking it through . 
 it would be scary to believe in something that was never real , or had never happened , he thought . 
 `` should i be taking the same medication ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 `` i do n't want to end up like that . '' 
 `` even if the symptoms are the same , everyone is different , and handle , and react differently . 
 individuals are unique and are treated accordingly . 
 `` patients here are tested for various sorts of disorders . 
 none of them are pleasant . 
 most of them require a lot of attention and dedication from our behalf . 
 what you witnessed was an outburst caused by a reaction to her meds . 
 this girl suffers from amnesia , as you do . 
 she , unlike yourself , however , is not recovering very well . 
 as you are able to stabilize yourself , she is falling apart . 
 for her , the present is a very scary place . 
 when she lost her memory , she was stripped of everything and now has nothing holding her together . 
 dementia and paranoia are setting in already . 
 `` i would consider her a risk to herself , and anyone coming in contact with her . 
 it would be best if you forgot all about it . '' 
 darryl frowned . 
 `` she seemed so sure of herself . '' 
 `` whatever state of mind she has slipped into is very real to her . 
 and that is what 's so frightening . 
 some patients can not tell the difference between being awake and asleep . 
 without the proper treatment , they slip further out of reach . 
 then they become dangerous . '' 
 darryl was quiet for a moment . 
 whitmere painted her in a light that was hard for him to see . 
 `` what about the pills ? '' 
 `` darryl , you must understand how delicate your situation is right now . 
 the mind is something unlike anything else the human body has that needs repair . 
 there 's no simple solution . 
 if your skin is cut and bleeds , it can be sewn shut . 
 but if your mind is losing its lifeblood , it needs to be nurtured ; it needs to be caressed , slowly and carefully . 
 the pills help to do that . 
 they help to soften the blow , if you will . 
 a direct approach could be fatal . 
 the pills are a vital part of the recovery . 
 trust me . 
 you need to take them . '' 
 darryl sat in silence . 
 whitmere was right . 
 `` i hope she gets the help she needs . '' 
 `` she will . '' 
 whitmere turned , walking for the door again . 
 before he could exit , darryl called out to him . 
 `` tell her i said i will never forget her . 
 it might help her somehow . '' 
 darryl saw a change in whitmere 's eyes , his whole expressionless face flushed in a second . 
 it was quick and changed back before the doctor replied . 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 darryl shrugged . 
 `` last night in the hall , she asked me to . 
 told me to , i guess . 
 but i do n't think i could ever forget a face like hers . 
 i would n't want to , anyway . '' 
 whitmere stared at him for a second , and then walked out . 
 he turned to the male nurse in the hall standing beside the door . 
 his words were stern and hushed . 
 `` find barton . '' 
 the nurse nodded and walked away . 
 whitmere 's grimace deepened . 
 he turned down the hall , deciding where to wait and what to do . 
 it had been early in the morning when the news came to him that adelle was missing . 
 nurses had searched everywhere . 
 as her doctor , barton was to be in question . 
 but he too could not be found . 
 whitmere had grown suspicious instantly . 
 knowing barton 's state of mind and what he was capable of doing , barton became a person of interest right away . 
 whitmere walked into barton 's lab . 
 he noticed certain items were missing . 
 it looked as if the doctor had left in a hurry . 
 fury was boiling in whitmere as he realized what was taking place . 
 whitmere stepped out into the hall . 
 he stopped two nurses that were walking by . 
 `` we have a breech . 
 i want everyone to know that doctor barton has broken protocol and is considered extremely dangerous . 
 search every room . 
 i want him found immediately . '' 
 fear crept into the nurse 's eyes and they fled down the hall . 
 whitmere turned , stalking back to his lab . 
 his eyes were cold ; betrayed . 
 it was later in the day when his nurse came into his room and escorted darryl down the hall to the exercise room . 
 whitmere was waiting when they arrived , depicting a sense of displeasure that could not be overlooked . 
 his movements and gestures were coated in annoyance and impatience . 
 darryl ran on the treadmill . 
 he found almost no increase to his stamina , almost no progress whatsoever . 
 abnormal , was the best way he could describe how his body felt . 
 he wondered what the doctors were doing to him . 
 whitmere was puzzled as well . 
 his eyes stayed gleaming as he checked out the hologram intensively , paying close attention to darryl 's blood cells . 
 by touching the image , he could manipulate the hologram to check deep into darryl 's blood stream , to separate a single cell , and to break that down . 
 he did a thorough check on all of darryl 's vitals , coming to the conclusion that all of his work , his serums and injections , were not working as they should . 
 every other patient at this stage had been more advanced . 
 it made no sense that darryl was somehow immune . 
 he took his time , rechecking his findings , making certain that his conclusions were right before deciding on stronger dosages , more frequently . 
 after a few minutes , whitmere left the lab . 
 he spoke only to the nurse , and then walked back into his glass-walled lab . 
 the nurse motioned for darryl to follow him . 
 darryl was taken back to his room . 
 he showered , was fed , took two more pills , and then went to bed . 
 soon his eyelids became too heavy to remain open . 
 the last thing he remembered before falling asleep was the nurse 's face in the window . 
 it was in the middle of the night when he felt something sting against his arm . 
 groggy and disoriented , he struggled to open his eyes in time to see what was happening . 
 `` see you soon , '' whispered from within the dark . 
 chapter 9 the doctor held the vial of blood up close to his face . 
 he kept the room dark , with very minimal lighting . 
 too much light would be a risk , and the darkness was too comforting to be rid of . 
 he capped the vial and set it in his hand-held machine . 
 after setting it to read what he wanted , a vision flared from the device in a red light . 
 it was the blood sample brought to life . 
 he saw the nanomachines at work within the cells , structuring and reconfiguring -- changing . 
 then something else changed . 
 his work , his creations , were being destroyed . 
 it was rapid , almost a blur , as the cells then erupted . 
 his cruel eyes blinked , remaining shut for a few seconds . 
 when he opened them again , he began thinking . 
 he opened up his case of vials and placed the one he stole from whitmere in a holder . 
 he carefully poured a droplet into a separate vial then placed that into his machine to read its contents . 
 he saw whitmere 's creations , more advanced than what he had figured . 
 he studied them for a great while before adding a few drops of blood from the tube titled darryl . 
 he saw then that his serum would n't last against what his mentor had created . 
 the silver solution was far too dominant , far too aggressive . 
 after only seconds in darryl 's blood , whitmere 's nanomachines were attacking his own , then reconfiguring the cells . 
 they did n't dissolve the way the rest were made to do , either . 
 instead , they lingered . 
 why ? 
 barton watched them for nearly an hour . 
 nothing changed . 
 so he added more blood . 
 once he did so , they attacked . 
 when they were finished , they laid dormant . 
 barton then added some of his own solution without the blood . 
 the results were the same . 
 barton stood back from the hologram then . 
 they are like watchdogs , destroying foreign material , anything that would hinder the original intent , perhaps . 
 `` it does n't change anything . '' 
 barton growled . 
 i will find a way to destroy them . 
 whitmere 's little watchdogs will have a flaw , a weakness that i will apply pressure to . 
 after all these years of working with him , i know his habits . 
 better than he , probably . 
 i 'll discover what i need to . 
 like i always have . 
 barton smiled in spite of it all . 
 he was empty . 
 he was cold and cunning . 
 his former self , what he was when he had arrived before had been removed . 
 it was necessary for them , he knew . 
 wash away everything that he was made of in hopes that he would serve them without question . 
 give them what they wished without ever really knowing it . 
 but he had known . 
 the same techniques applied to others were given to him . 
 but somewhere down the line they stopped watching , stopped being so careful , thinking that he was theirs alone . 
 he understood what was happening , how he was supposed to act , and did so accordingly . 
 he let them see what they wanted . 
 he let them be blind to what was happening . 
 that 's when his treatments stopped and with them died his changing . 
 it was their mistake and they would make certain that it proved fatal . 
 with a cold smile , he turned , sitting at his table of vials , and began working . 
 he was lost in thought when the voice spoke behind him . 
 `` put it down and move away from the table . '' 
 barton flinched , almost panicking . 
 the anger in his eyes could not be replaced , nor did he bother doing so . 
 `` surprised ? 
 you have a stink that can be traced anywhere . '' 
 doctor mellson spoke coldly . 
 he stood at the door , flashlight held in a striking position . 
 his old hands were shaky ; his head brown and shaved , like the others . 
 his eyes were a mix of mistrust and caution as he stepped forward . 
 barton stood . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` care to explain what you 're doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm planning to kill you . '' 
 mellson 's head cocked slightly . 
 his hands grasp the flashlight even harder . 
 `` no . 
 you 're coming with me , '' he returned . 
 barton moved slowly towards him . 
 `` no . 
 i am going to stick to my plans . '' 
 mellson saw the patient in the bed , bound and gagged . 
 `` that is one of whitmere 's patients . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i am going to change her , '' barton said . 
 `` make her more like me , less like you . '' 
 mellson froze . 
 his nervousness showed . 
 `` they would never let you do that . 
 not down here . 
 not on your own . '' 
 `` i make the plans now . 
 none of you have control over me anymore . '' 
 barton came within arm 's reach and stopped . 
 mellson stared into his cold eyes , expecting the confrontation . 
 it was coming ; he could see it . 
 `` i never trusted you . 
 you should be the one bound and gagged . '' 
 mellson stepped forward . 
 `` they never should have brought you here . '' 
 `` i agree . '' 
 `` they should 've killed you ! '' 
 mellson lunged forward , swinging his flashlight down , missing barton 's head . 
 he felt a stinging sensation against his neck then , and he fell against the bed . 
 he rushed quickly to stand , already aware of his vision blurring , of the dizziness setting in , of his attacker moving in the darkness . 
 then the light shut off . 
 mellson swung his arms about , striking nothing . 
 his breathing became hard , his inhaling was thinning . 
 as he toppled to the floor gasping for air , the light overhead came on . 
 but it was too late . 
 mellson was turning numb ; his sight was turning grey . 
 barton stood over him , humored by something , appearing as a predator watching its injured prey slowly die . 
 mellson stared fixedly as the darkness overcame him . 
 barton watched until mellson 's eyes went flat , the struggling turning motionless . 
 he wondered how good it would feel to have whitmere laying before him . 
 he turned , aware suddenly of another presence . 
 in the bed , adelle 's eyes were open . 
 she had seen it all . 
 barton walked closer to her . 
 her screaming was muffled by the cloths gagging her . 
 her hands and legs began thrashing against the bands tying her to the bed . 
 `` relax . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 barton stared at her for a second longer , and then bent down to pick up mellson 's body . 
 he lifted him up onto one shoulder , then walked to dispose of him . 
 adelle watched the door shut closed behind him , then frantically worked on breaking her restraints . 
 he was going to kill her , she knew . 
 bits of memories slipped into place . 
 all that had happened from the time of her arrival was out in the open . 
 there were no more barricades to hide the truth . 
 she knew what was happening . 
 she knew what the orange pills were really doing . 
 and what doctor barton really was . 
 the bands pulled taut around her wrists , rubbing her flesh , exposing what lay beneath , as she tugged and twisted her hands free . 
 the pain from doing so was excruciating . 
 quickly she pulled the strips of cloth from her mouth , spitting the taste with it . 
 she sat up quickly ; a pain deep within her chest prevented her from untying her feet . 
 `` what did ... ? '' 
 barton was surprised , shutting the door as he stepped in . 
 `` stay away from me ! '' 
 adelle panicked . 
 `` i know what you did ! 
 i saw you kill him ! '' 
 barton turned to his table , moving casually , not at all threatened or concerned . 
 he filled his injection gun with one of his serums , and then moved closer to her . 
 `` he needed to die . '' 
 adelle began to kick her legs hard , trying to break the rubber-like bands . 
 she began crying . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 barton moved in closer . 
 adelle kept an eye on his every move . 
 she saw the needle . 
 her screaming became hysterical then . 
 `` no need for all that , '' he said . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 `` you think you would be in better hands if i left you alone ? '' 
 barton laughed , cold and quietly . 
 `` i am going to inject you with this . 
 when you wake , you 'll see things in a new light . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 please , do n't . 
 please , just let me go . '' 
 `` it 's going to hurt a little . '' 
 adelle stopped crying , stopped flailing her hands to keep him away . 
 her body ached . 
 she felt nauseated . 
 cold chills replaced the warmth of her anger . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 `` sh . 
 relax . '' 
 adelle was aware of him talking , of his arm reaching down towards hers , but none of it registered . 
 something was not right in her body . 
 she lacked the ability to move . 
 the desire was not there . 
 she looked from the light overhead down to her forearm where he had already stuck the needle home . 
 she had n't even realized it . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 barton tied her arms again , putting the gags back in her mouth as well . 
 adelle did n't fight him . 
 her head felt like it was vibrating , rendering her helpless . 
 `` when you awake , things will be different . '' 
 barton bent close and whispered , `` see you soon . '' 
 in a second , she was out . 
 barton marveled at that . 
 the serum used on her worked to perfection . 
 it was made to slow the human body down long enough , slow enough , to allow the nanomachines to work , to change the necessary structure within the blood . 
 through trial and error , it was discovered that a direct injection was too accelerated for the body to handle ; the change came too rapidly . 
 slow the heart rate , slow the body , and give the host a chance . 
 the idea came to barton suddenly . 
 he slowed his movements towards the table , stopped his train of thought completely , and stared at the vial containing whitmere 's new serum . 
 he would have created them to live in the environment of the solution . 
 the serum . 
 the serum ... his train of thoughts sped towards conclusion . 
 his breathing quickened with anticipation . 
 he was discovering what he had overlooked for so long . 
 he reached down and took hold of the vial and stared into its silver liquid . 
 the serum . 
 his ideas began clicking faster and faster , one after another , until its entirety was before him . 
 barton began working right away . 
 it was painstaking and tedious , and all the right tools were not with him for the extraction . 
 seated at his table with the vials before him , he began to counter whitmere 's serum with something much faster ; something that would not allow the body to slow , but to speed it up . 
 the solution would not work in a patient unless it had already been subject to their plague . 
 after a few hours , barton stood . 
 his work was complete . 
 a vial of black liquid was in his hands . 
 now to test it . 
 he used a small sample of blood from a tube and placed it into his hand held machine . 
 once the image came up , he added a small drop of his new invention . 
 `` of course . '' 
 doctor barton 's lips curled up . 
 he saw what whitmere had implanted previously and watched his own inseminations destroy them . 
 they worked perfectly . 
 his plan was brilliant , flawed only by the length of time it took to achieve it . 
 barton stared at the vision for a few more seconds , marveling at his creation , before shutting down . 
 the blood sample was removed and set in a holding case alongside other sample tubes . 
 he turned then , staring at the figure in the bed behind him . 
 the woman , gagged and bound , asleep now , but changing all the while , would be necessary to his fate . 
 if she survives , then he could . 
 and now , the slave becomes the master . 
 chapter 10 darryl sweated freely . 
 he stood beside the treadmill and waited for doctor whitmere to finish up what he was doing in his lab . 
 he had managed to run a good length without tiring , though his chest still felt strange when he breathed in deeply . 
 once while running his eye sight blurred , just a quick white flare , just enough to cause him to slow and wait for something else to happen . 
 but no other affects showed . 
 he had slowed his pace regardless , wondering if he had pushed himself too hard . 
 the hologram in the lab disappeared and whitmere stepped out of his lab and walked over to darryl . 
 the smile he gave offset the concern in his eyes . 
 `` well ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 he wiped his face on a towel . 
 whitmere stared as if he was working out a problem in his head . 
 `` you seem to be moving in the right direction . 
 you 're getting stronger . 
 your stamina is increasing already . 
 and that 's remarkable , considering your physical health when you arrived . 
 you are sleeping more solidly now , as well . 
 it 's all moving in the right direction . '' 
 whitmere lied . 
 the test results showed that his work had no affect on darryl . 
 it was troubling . 
 he was n't sure why , but he knew that darryl did n't need to know . 
 `` what 's next ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 the doctor 's good words made him chipper . 
 the door burst open then , startling the two , as a man rushed in , breathing hard and angry . 
 `` you need to see this ! 
 it can not wait ! '' 
 whitmere excused himself and rushed over to the door to meet the man he knew as ren . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 i 'm with a patient . '' 
 `` it can not wait ! '' 
 darryl watched , listening to what he could , catching only patches of their heated conversation . 
 he felt slightly awkward , knowing he was not meant to hear their hushed words . 
 `` calm down , '' whitmere began , moving in close to ren . 
 ren looked at darryl for a second , and then leaned in close to whitmere . 
 his eyes were hurt and angry as he began to speak . 
 `` i have something troubling to show you . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's about our search for your ... colleague . '' 
 whitmere did n't care for the other 's mocking tone . 
 `` get to the point . '' 
 `` in the lower level , something was found . '' 
 anger laced ren 's words . 
 `` you need to come with me now . '' 
 `` give me a moment , '' whitmere motioned towards darryl . 
 ren frowned . 
 `` i 'll meet you at the lower level corridor in five minutes . '' 
 whitmere watched the other man turn and leave , then he turned back to darryl . 
 `` i 'm afraid i will have to cut this short . '' 
 darryl saw the hand gesture the doctor gave , indicating that he was to follow him . 
 he saw the troubled look in whitmere 's eyes ; he could hear the urgency in his voice as he asked darryl to follow . 
 leaving the room , darryl noticed that the doctor 's steps were much quicker than usual . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 whitmere did n't make eye contact . 
 `` nothing to worry . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' darryl said . 
 once at his room , whitmere opened the door and let darryl in . 
 `` we 'll continue this at another time , darryl . '' 
 darryl shrugged . 
 he began removing his shirt , preparing to shower . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 whitmere stared for a second at darryl . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 darryl looked up , curious to the other 's choice of words and tone , but only saw the door close . 
 he walked to the door shirtless , looking out into the hall . 
 whitmere was no where to be seen . 
 he stared for a second , and then turned and walked for the shower . 
 whitmere reached the end of the corridor seconds before ren opened the door and stepped into the darkness . 
 whitmere followed as they descended a winding stairwell . 
 it ended at the start of another corridor . 
 it was dark ; several doors lined the walls . 
 ren turned to whitmere . 
 `` end of the hall . 
 just before the stairs . '' 
 whitmere knew where he was indicating . 
 at the end of the hall was another set of stairs leading down to the lower levels . 
 no one was supposed to have access to these levels . 
 they were empty ; forbidden . 
 ren started forward . 
 whitmere followed at his side . 
 through the darkness , the air changed to thick and musty , pungent and stagnant . 
 the scent of something dead filled their nostrils . 
 the doors on either side of them were barred , locked and empty . 
 the level had been abandoned long ago . 
 until now , whitmere thought bleakly . 
 before they reached the end of the hall , he saw it . 
 there , in the middle of the corridor , something lay . 
 ren stopped just before it . 
 whitmere bent down to inspect . 
 `` what is it ? 
 barton ? '' 
 `` mellson , '' ren stated . 
 `` how ? '' 
 whitmere gasped , seeing the dead man 's face . 
 he rose instantly . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 `` poisoned . 
 his body was filled with something that ate away at his tissues from the inside . 
 and there 's only one thing that could have been able -- would even think about doing this ! '' 
 whitmere swallowed hard . 
 `` has he been found ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we are still searching . 
 he can not hide forever . '' 
 it was quiet for a second . 
 `` what about the girl ? '' 
 whitmere asked . 
 ren sighed . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` when we find her , we 'll find him . '' 
 `` it 's not her that concerns us , '' ren whispered harshly . 
 whitmere looked away . 
 he was angry at himself for allowing everything to slide out of his control . 
 `` he has severed his ties to us now . 
 he must be found and dealt with accordingly . 
 preferably alive , but if you have to ... kill him . '' 
 ren 's nod went unnoticed . 
 whitmere turned and walked away . 
 it was late in the night when a noise brought darryl awake . 
 he jerked upright with a start , finding someone walking towards him in the dark . 
 the person was moving quicker than darryl could focus . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 but the figure already made it to his bed . 
 `` i want to discuss something with you . '' 
 the dim light from the hall did little to show any of whitmere 's features . 
 there was urgency in his eyes , and something else , something darryl could n't put a finger on yet . 
 darryl swallowed hard , relaxing a bit , though still concerned . 
 `` okay . '' 
 it was late , so the reason for the abrupt visit would be a matter of importance . 
 it was not like whitmere to barge in during the night . 
 or am i wrong ? 
 he did seem comfortable doing so now . 
 `` darryl , do you know what has happened today ? '' 
 whitmere 's voice was almost a whisper . 
 darryl cleared his throat . 
 `` no . 
 i assume there is some sort of problem . '' 
 `` there is . 
 it has to do with one of our doctors here . 
 doctor barton , to be specific . '' 
 darryl was wide awake now , staring past the shadows masking the old man 's face to find his eyes . 
 they were dark , mysterious ; they were filled with secrets . 
 `` i need you to listen carefully to what i say and do n't repeat it to anyone . '' 
 whitmere began , waiting for the look in darryl 's eyes to change , to realize that his next words needed to be taken seriously . 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` darryl , doctor barton has left my group and is working in secret . 
 he is doing what he wants , without any supervision , without any consent , or care for anyone but himself . 
 he is not acting in a sane state of mind . 
 this is a very dangerous situation . 
 one of our staff tried to confront him and was found dead . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what did you say ? '' 
 `` he was killed , darryl . 
 and several patients are missing . 
 we presume that they are in barton 's custody , held for whatever studies he is now doing , but we are unable to find them . 
 they may be dead as well . '' 
 darryl shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` i am not saying this to frighten you , but to make you alert . 
 doctor barton is not to be trusted , nor if you come in contact with him , should you leave willingly . 
 i need to know right away if you see him . 
 whether it 's him walking past your door , or anything more direct . 
 consider him to be dangerous . '' 
 `` what is wrong with him ? '' 
 `` i believe he is looking for revenge . '' 
 darryl pulled his blanket over him . 
 `` what would he want with me ? '' 
 it was hard to see all of whitmere 's face in the darkness . 
 or anything else in the room for that matter , he realized . 
 darryl felt vulnerable . 
 `` to be quite literal : everything . 
 he could want your body ; he could want your mind ; or both . 
 he is a neurologist who works on changing dna and human tissue . 
 and he is good at what he does . 
 i believe now he is working on changing my patients . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 darryl 's fingers rubbed the blanket nervously . 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 `` for him , change is necessary . 
 he can not achieve his goal in the state he is in . '' 
 darryl was n't sure he followed . 
 he was missing something . 
 the room was silent for a few seconds . 
 whitmere chose his words carefully . 
 `` he 's different . 
 though we 've tried to alter that . 
 we tried to help him ... see things the way we do . '' 
 `` what are you telling me ? '' 
 `` i 'm telling you that we only partially succeeded . 
 now i believe he 's working to reverse what we started . '' 
 darryl said nothing . 
 he could n't grasp what he was being told . 
 `` when he was found , we saw it as a gift . 
 and the fact that he could work with us was nothing short of miraculous . 
 he became vital to our operation . '' 
 darryl 's head shook slowly . 
 his eyes were flush with confusion . 
 `` found ? '' 
 `` yes , darryl . 
 and he needs to be found again . '' 
 `` and you have security looking for him ? 
 do you think he 's still in the hospital ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he has no place else to go . '' 
 whitmere considered something , and then continued speaking . 
 `` he ca n't leave . 
 we 've made sure of it . 
 we 've taken precautions . '' 
 `` so , he 'll get caught and ... '' darryl did n't finish . 
 he thought maybe whitmere was making it a big deal . 
 barton would be found and jailed . 
 it was simple . 
 `` it 's what he does before he 's caught that is disturbing , darryl . 
 it may take hours ; it may take days to find him . 
 and in that time , we 're all at risk . 
 that is why i 'm here now . 
 i want to make it clear to you what is happening . 
 i want you to remain safe . '' 
 darryl did n't think anything was clear . 
 `` you said that you changed him and now he is trying to undo whatever it was . 
 right ? '' 
 darryl saw whitmere nod . 
 `` well , what did you change about him ? 
 and why not change it back , so you can get rid of him ? 
 at least that way he 's not running around killing people . '' 
 `` you make it sound so simple , '' chuckled whitmere . 
 `` sounds that way to me . '' 
 `` you have a childlike innocence . 
 i like that about you . '' 
 whitmere 's smile retreated . 
 `` the thing you do n't understand is that we do n't want him to change back . 
 he would be of no use to us then . '' 
 darryl shrugged . 
 it sounded petty . 
 so much work for nothing . 
 let barton have what he wants , and then he 'll leave . 
 it made little sense to continue fighting something if you have the means not to . 
 what was the point ? 
 `` how is he different ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 he sighed , feeling almost too tired now to even care . 
 he did n't need an answer , he realized . 
 it did n't matter . 
 if whitmere left him now , he 'd fall asleep instantly . 
 he decided on asking no further questions . 
 whitmere was silent for a few moments . 
 he was about to do something that he ` d never thought about doing before . 
 it would play into his hands , he thought . 
 it was necessary . 
 when he spoke , his voice was a mere whisper . 
 `` he 's an alien , darryl . '' 
 alien . 
 the word seemed to hang in darryl 's mind a few seconds before registering . 
 time froze then . 
 alien . 
 darryl struggled for air . 
 a cold chill swept across his skin . 
 see you soon , whispered in his ear . 
 alien . 
 surely he misunderstood what whitmere was saying . 
 there was obviously another explanation . 
 alien . 
 `` you 're scaring me here , doc . '' 
 `` it 's a very scary scenario , darryl . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't believe this . 
 you ca n't possibly be -- '' `` an alien , just as you would interpret the term , darryl . '' 
 whitmere watched the life in darryl 's face drain . 
 he could see the panic begin to set in . 
 `` understand what we do here is of great importance . 
 it has taken someone of a different intelligence to put us in the right direction . 
 when doctor barton was found , he was sent to us first as a patient . 
 then after months of study and research , we changed in him things that make him ... him . 
 he belonged to us then . 
 we controlled him , if you will . 
 we were selfish in our removal of his identity , of course . 
 but it served a purpose . 
 he needed to be more like us , to be able to union with us . 
 we had to help him forget about other instincts he might have -- instincts that might help him serve his own intentions . '' 
 whitmere smiled softly . 
 `` we ca n't have someone walking in our midst that may be planning on killing us , now can we ? '' 
 darryl blurted out quickly . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 do you have any idea what you just said ? '' 
 whitmere motioned with his hand for darryl to calm . 
 `` it is for your own good that you know what we are up against . 
 it is for your safety . 
 you are otherwise fine . '' 
 darryl 's mind was racing . 
 panic had set in quickly . 
 fear was beginning to paralyze his rationalization . 
 he began missing the small movements whitmere was making with his hands . 
 `` that 's what happened to adelle ! 
 he 'll come for me too ! '' 
 `` darryl , calm down . '' 
 `` how do you think i 'll be able to ? '' 
 darryl was frantically running his fingers across his face and head . 
 `` you have a doctor here that has no right to be here . 
 no right to touch us , to be involved in anything ! '' 
 `` his involvement has led us to be able to save you as we have . 
 up until now , it was his actions that we 've relied on . 
 we could not have made it this far without him , to be honest . 
 it 's just unfortunate how things will have to play out now . '' 
 darryl held a look filled with terror . 
 his body trembled harder . 
 he felt nauseous . 
 his words stumbled into one another . 
 `` i want to leave . 
 i ca n't stay . 
 let me out of here . 
 i want to go home . '' 
 darryl swung his legs over the side of the bed , preparing to stand . 
 the sting against his neck stopped him . 
 he turned , seeing the doctor put something into his pocket . 
 then he was falling backwards . 
 with his mind spinning and a tingling sensation rushing through his system , darryl saw adelle reaching out to him . 
 she was screaming , just as scared as he was now . 
 she knew . 
 `` it 's for your own good , '' whitmere said . 
 the doctor swung darryl 's legs around and helped him into bed . 
 `` i will place a guard outside your door at all times . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 doctor barton will be found then we can all get back to doing what it is that we are here for . '' 
 the sedative was taking root quickly in darryl . 
 he was too dizzy to see now . 
 `` what is it exactly that you 're ... '' he trailed off , falling asleep . 
 whitmere left the room . 
 chapter 11 darryl dreamt of doctor barton . 
 the dream was cast in shadows and chilled with something evil lurking in them . 
 suddenly barton appeared . 
 the doctor had taken him under his care , trying to assure that everything would be alright . 
 but even in his dream , darryl knew better . 
 he fought to escape , but could n't move . 
 he was trapped . 
 he stood then , watching his body begin to change . 
 barton stood next to him ; his smile just as cruel as the cold in his eyes . 
 darryl awoke screaming . 
 looking around , his voice dying into a mere whimper , he scanned the darkness with expectance to find someone . 
 but he was alone ; haunted now by only the present . 
 he sat in the deafening silence trying to regain his composure , failing miserably . 
 he could n't shake the spinning in his stomach ; his heard hurt in more ways than one . 
 and the shivering came all too often . 
 alien . 
 the word whispered faintly . 
 he could hear whitmere retelling him over and over . 
 the sound in the doctor 's voice , the calm look in his eyes , both seemed all too relaxed . 
 too unaffected , darryl thought . 
 too comfortable with doing something wrong . 
 so morally wrong ! 
 panic came in waves , drowning any reasoning that could have been trying to root itself . 
 it kept darryl from thinking too clearly ; kept him shivering in his bed too scared to move , gasping for air as if there was none . 
 nervously , he jumped out of bed and raced to the door . 
 it was locked . 
 he stared out into the dark hall . 
 empty . 
 quiet . 
 but the panic would not settle . 
 with his fists balled into hammers , he beat against the door . 
 little sound was heard at all . 
 angry now , he began to yell , began to scream for someone to come to him . 
 the hall remained desolate . 
 finally exhaustion overcame him . 
 his throat was sore , his chest ached , and he began to feel dizzy from the failed efforts . 
 no one had heard him . 
 no one was coming . 
 darryl staggered back to his bed . 
 his head was hung low , his eyes barely open , as his sight spun the dark images in the room , twisting their shapes , swirling everything into a black smudge . 
 he slumped into bed , both hands covering his ears . 
 he did n't understand why no one was there . 
 before leaving him , whitmere said there would be a guard outside his door at all times . 
 but he saw for himself that no one was there . 
 the hall was empty . 
 it occurred then why it might be so . 
 fighting off the dizzy spell , he turned quickly in his bed . 
 a tall form was moving through the dark ; the door behind was closing . 
 the blur was coming fast . 
 darryl sat upright and yelled ; his voice crackled from the strain and he barely made a sound . 
 `` do n't say a word . '' 
 the voice whispered harshly in the dark . 
 darryl 's heart pounded like it was going to explode , racing like he was going to choke from it . 
 he turned his head up searching for a face . 
 but he did n't need to . 
 he already knew who it was . 
 `` get away from me ! '' 
 `` i need you . '' 
 barton whispered back . 
 darryl shrank . 
 he had n't the strength to fight him . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 darryl wanted to cry . 
 the tone in the other 's voice was kept carefully low , but stern nonetheless . 
 he was n't giving darryl the option of staying . 
 `` i know what you are . '' 
 darryl winced . 
 `` you 're an alien . '' 
 barton grunted angrily . 
 `` and so are you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 darryl 's head shook . 
 `` i am just like you , being held against my will , only wanting to go home . '' 
 `` then go . '' 
 darryl was suddenly afraid he had spoken unwisely . 
 he saw anger in those dark eyes now . 
 `` i 'm afraid there 's work to do first . 
 rise . 
 now ! '' 
 `` if you want to kill me , you 'll have to do it right here . '' 
 barton put his face inches away from darryl 's . 
 `` kill you ? 
 i want to fix you . 
 i want to make you right . 
 come with me . 
 let me help you . '' 
 darryl pushed himself back . 
 `` is that how you took adelle ? 
 by telling her lies ? '' 
 `` ask her for yourself . '' 
 barton 's smile was lost in the shadows . 
 `` she 's remembering everything . 
 you want to sit and talk with her , share stories , memories perhaps ? 
 you do want to remember , do n't you ? 
 come with me , and i can give you what you want . '' 
 `` you do n't want to help me , '' darryl spit back . 
 barton 's tone was icy . 
 `` i want you to help me . 
 in the process , i can help you see things ... better . '' 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 barton stepped back , disappearing into the darkness . 
 `` if you do n't come with me now , you will never see her again . 
 i promise you that . '' 
 darryl inched his way forward , trying to find the other . 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 it was a risk , probably a lie to get him . 
 but what if adelle was in trouble ? 
 what if this was the only way to save her ? 
 `` what are you going to do with her ? '' 
 `` the choice is hers . '' 
 a light turned on from somewhere in the hall , breaking their conversation . 
 barton growled . 
 darryl saw it as his chance to escape . 
 but as he began to yell , a strong hand covered his mouth , pinning his head onto the bed , smothering any sound he could release . 
 `` you do n't want to do that , '' barton said quietly . 
 darryl felt a sting against his arm . 
 a second later barton bolted off of him and disappeared into the dark . 
 darryl sat upright . 
 the door was closing again . 
 the room was empty . 
 he stared at the door 's window , waiting for help to arrive . 
 he cried . 
 his voice was too sore to scream . 
 then the light in the hall disappeared . 
 barton had killed whoever it was out there , he thought grimly . 
 suddenly darryl felt strange . 
 he began shaking . 
 his heartbeat turned uncomfortable and his temperature dropped . 
 darryl grabbed his chest in pain , feeling it spread throughout his body quickly . 
 something was wrong . 
 alien ! 
 all he could think about was his dream . 
 it had come true . 
 as the pain grew to unbearable heights , darryl began to black out . 
 the last thing he saw before the darkness overcame him was a man standing over him with a smile . 
 the dream came instantly . 
 it was the same house , same time of night , same anguish . 
 he heard her sobbing from the other room . 
 as he moved past the broken picture frames and tattered clothing , stepping into the wrecked bedroom where the destruction was even worse , he saw her . 
 sitting on the floor with her hands in her face , her tears falling into her jeans in large wet splotches , the woman sat crying . 
 he stared at her for a few seconds , but said nothing . 
 he was hot , and angry . 
 he knew he had to leave , had to run out and leave the mess that he had created . 
 he walked out then , stubborn , not looking back , wanting everything to come to an end . 
 even when her sobbing rose again , her words filled with a desperate plea to return , he hardened his heart past that sliver of want that they shared . 
 no , he told himself . 
 do n't go back . 
 you ca n't go back . 
 darryl stood now on the porch , walking fast to his car . 
 his anger , his collapse of who he was , did n't allow him to feel the wind at his face , to feel that warm comfort he usually enjoyed . 
 he was crying too ; because it was over ; because it had to be . 
 because he could n't look back and love her like he had promised -- like she needed . 
 darryl jerked open the door to his car and rushed in , starting it right away , roaring the engine for a few seconds , enjoying the violent scream it made , before looking to the house one last time . 
 there she stood , alone on the porch , on the verge of collapsing , staring through her streaming tears with a look of total disbelief . 
 darryl awoke with a start . 
 the room was unfamiliar ; cold and empty . 
 almost , he realized , as he made out a few forms next to a wall . 
 he was lying on his side and slowly sat upright . 
 he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and became aware of subtle movements . 
 turning his head , he noticed a few more figures . 
 he was not alone . 
 the room was filled with a few people . 
 all of them looked sick . 
 he noticed then the bars surrounding them . 
 they were in a cage . 
 a cell , as if he were jailed , held captive . 
 he then began to remember his encounter with barton . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 he called into the silence . 
 nothing . 
 `` adelle , are you here ? '' 
 out of the darkness , someone groaned terribly . 
 it was deep and painful . 
 it turned into a wail of anguish , then silence . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he 's dead , '' a raspy voice whispered from across the room . 
 darryl turned . 
 a lithe form , ragged and scraggly , starving to death maybe , was inching his way over to him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` who knows ? 
 do you ? '' 
 the man said , stopping just feet from darryl . 
 `` no . 
 i 've never seen you before . '' 
 `` you are looking for a woman ? '' 
 darryl nodded . 
 `` doctor barton took her . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 darryl saw the other 's appearance , his skin bruised and swelling , his eyes blackened , his hair unkempt and foul , reeking with a scent that only death would appreciate . 
 the other said nothing for a few seconds , just sat and rocked himself . 
 `` you 're new , '' he finally offered . 
 darryl looked around . 
 `` where are we ? 
 why are we here ? '' 
 the delirious man smiled . 
 `` tests . 
 always tests . '' 
 from the other side of the room , someone else began groaning . 
 the man smiled to darryl . 
 `` i know things . '' 
 darryl began to respond , but then the person moaning began to thrash about wildly , violently . 
 then suddenly he stopped , falling to the floor . 
 `` dead , too . '' 
 the scraggly man smiled . 
 `` blessed are those killed by the tests . '' 
 `` what tests ? '' 
 with a wild look in his eyes and a wolfish smile , the other began to reply . 
 `` hybrid creations . 
 them and us , bound by something sinister and unimaginable . '' 
 darryl swallowed hard . 
 his throat was dry , and his head was throbbing . 
 he was beginning to understand . 
 alien . 
 tests . 
 changes . 
 hybrid . 
 `` we need to get out of here . 
 do you remember which -- '' `` the first thing i remembered was that lie , '' he cut in angrily . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 the other became hysterical . 
 `` oh , oh . 
 you 're not there yet ! 
 oh it 's beautiful ! '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 darryl 's head throbbed in pain and the lunatic 's laughter did little to help matters . 
 `` just get to the point . '' 
 the other calmed . 
 `` the lie . 
 you were fed a lie from the beginning . 
 what did they say happened to you ? 
 how did you get here ? 
 why do n't you remember ? 
 lie , lie , lie . '' 
 darryl shook his head . 
 `` i was in a car accident . '' 
 `` brilliant ! 
 because that makes sense ! 
 you hit your head , you forget . 
 you 're hurt , they fix you ! 
 beautiful ! 
 i love it ! '' 
 darryl grew angry . 
 `` that 's what i remember ! '' 
 the other leaned in close . 
 his eyes sparkled in the dimness . 
 he smiled proudly . 
 `` none of that happened . 
 think back . 
 remember . '' 
 darryl could see the man 's appearance more clearly now . 
 his skin was bruised all over , discolored in large splotches . 
 he was draped in a foul stench , as if his body had died a long time ago and he was n't aware of it yet . 
 there was a pain held in his delirious look as well . 
 whatever he had suffered through , he was not finished yet . 
 `` i 'm telling you , that 's what i remember . 
 i was in a crash , and they brought me here . '' 
 the other 's smile was gone . 
 anger filled his eyes . 
 his response was a painful whisper that chilled darryl . 
 `` not brought . 
 took . '' 
 chapter 12 headlights appeared before him , seemingly out of nowhere . 
 he was too distracted , too preoccupied with fighting to have noticed . 
 now they were heading straight for him . 
 he panicked , turning the steering wheel hard , left foot stomping the brake pedal in unison with his right . 
 the car swerved sharp , tires screaming violently . 
 through the spinning , he made out the ditch coming fast , and the line of trees just beyond . 
 but there was nothing else to do but brace for the impact . 
 darryl brought his arms up across the steering wheel and buried his face into them . 
 glass shattered against him in an explosion of dirt and debris as the front end smashed into the ditch embankment . 
 everything went black . 
 darryl found himself staring at the delirious man as his flashback faded . 
 there had been an accident . 
 he had hit his head so hard that he was knocked unconscious . 
 he remembered it all . 
 `` you see it now , do n't you ? '' 
 the other whispered . 
 darryl shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 you 're wrong . 
 i was in an accident . '' 
 `` it was no accident . '' 
 the man slid away , hiding in the shadows . 
 darryl watched him go until he saw only his form -- a black shadow within the shadows . 
 he did n't care for the way the other had implied that what he knew , what he remembered , was false . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' he said openly . 
 no one answered . 
 moans and other sounds of anguish filled the silence . 
 he looked around . 
 the light at the far end of the hall , too far to see exactly , gave little indication of his surroundings . 
 the cell , as he saw it now for what it was , was large with a single door , also made of iron bars . 
 if a ceiling existed , he saw none of it . 
 he decided to test the door . 
 pressing his palms flat against the iron floor , he pushed himself up , bringing his legs under him , rising into a stance . 
 then everything went spinning . 
 he was unable to control his balance and he fell , hitting the floor hard . 
 on his back , he waited for the spinning to cease . 
 `` you ca n't leave . 
 not until he comes for you . '' 
 the whisper shot out of the darkness with anger and resentment . 
 the lunatic found him foolish for trying to do what the rest of them had failed at . 
 darryl paid no attention to him . 
 when the dizziness fades , he will try again . 
 a door opened from somewhere lost in the blackness . 
 its long creak brought everyone into a scramble . 
 darryl sat upright and waited . 
 he watched the others scurry into the corners past him , moaning as if their movements were too much to bear . 
 it occurred to him then that maybe he should be hiding as well . 
 `` it comes , '' a voice whispered in the cell . 
 `` sh . '' 
 someone hushed . 
 the cell went still then . 
 darryl remained where he was as the figure came into view . 
 even in the dim light he could tell that it was doctor barton . 
 he moved to the cell door and stopped . 
 a clanking sound was heard just before the iron clasped door opened with a groaning of rusty hinges . 
 `` i 'll need a volunteer , '' spoke barton sternly . 
 after seeing no one move , darryl replied , `` i 'll go . '' 
 he saw it as a way out of the cell , a way to escape and a hope to find adelle . 
 even if the others were frightened , he knew that by going he might have a chance to survive . 
 barton turned to darryl . 
 `` not you . 
 not yet . '' 
 barton turned then , pointing into the darkness , seeing someone darryl had missed . 
 `` you . 
 rise . '' 
 whimpers followed as the person stood . 
 others around it scooted away desperately . 
 slowly the patient walked towards the door , hunched and dragging a limp leg . 
 barton waited , his hand motioning for the other to come forward . 
 when it had , barton stepped out into the hall , taking his patient with him , locking the door behind . 
 before leaving , he turned to stare at darryl . 
 `` i will be back for you . '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 he watched barton and the other disappear in the darkness of the long corridor . 
 seconds later , a door creaked open , then shut . 
 `` when he comes back , we have to make a run for it . '' 
 darryl tried to warn the others , to make them see when their opportunity would be . 
 `` why would you want to go with him ? '' 
 the lunatic spewed . 
 `` it 's our only chance . '' 
 `` i 'd rather die right here , than have him turn me into one of them . '' 
 one of them ? 
 darryl left his the words to hang in wonder , leaving the room to fall into silence . 
 if dying in the cell was better ... he left the thought unfinished . 
 he understood why they were so afraid . 
 but if they did n't escape , they would seal their fates . 
 one of them . 
 darryl sat patiently , waiting for another chance to escape . 
 doctor barton helped his patient into the bed , strapping him in for his own safety , locking the straps down tight . 
 he had a serum ready , injected into a syringe before claiming the patient . 
 he had picked one of them who was further along in progression than the others ; one who would test his newest serum ; one whose memory was not coming back ; one nearly to completion stage . 
 the girl was recovering fine , but the changes in her were not as drastic , and he had to be sure his cure would hold true in further transformation . 
 `` hold still , '' barton said , pressing the needle against the other 's arm , injecting him quickly . 
 he stepped back , out of the light , watching the other 's appearance without hindrance from his shadow . 
 the convulsing came almost at once . 
 without the straps , the patient 's arms would be flailing wildly , uncontrollably . 
 but this was not barton 's first , and he was prepared . 
 the eyes changed color slowly . 
 the skin followed . 
 none of it came without a price . 
 none of it was pleasant . 
 but this time barton did not gag the patient . 
 this time he wanted to hear the change in the screams . 
 and so he did . 
 after several long minutes of the worst agonizing screams he had ever witnessed , his patient slumped into a daze of silence . 
 barton watched his eyes close , his body only trembling softly now , his breathing calming . 
 barton smiled . 
 he felt as if the weight on his shoulders was smashed . 
 he felt invincible -- in control for the first time . 
 `` what did you do to him ? 
 adelle asked softly . 
 barton turned . 
 he had momentarily forgotten she was in the room , still in the bed . 
 she had been asleep for hours , and he was n't sure when she would awake . 
 `` you killed him , did n't you ? '' 
 she asked in a low , raspy tone . 
 she had seen everything . 
 `` i gave him life . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 adelle hurt everywhere . 
 her body was undergoing drastic changes . 
 her eyesight blurred sometimes ; her skin ached ; her insides felt as though they were being twisted . 
 dried tears laced her cheeks in a dim gloss . 
 she had barely enough strength to speak , barely enough want . 
 barton walked over into the dark corner where adelle was . 
 he stopped bedside . 
 `` do you believe in evolution , the fantasy where humans came from apes ? '' 
 barton laughed . 
 `` apes ? 
 no one has a clue . '' 
 `` god created man in his image , '' she whispered back . 
 `` i 'm going to show you how wrong you are ! '' 
 barton stormed away . 
 it had been quiet for a few hours when the delirious man began speaking to darryl once again . 
 he moved out of the dark corner , careful and slow , not wanting to draw attention to himself . 
 he began speaking , once he was close enough that darryl would hear his whispering . 
 `` listen , '' he began , `` we 're all patients . 
 even barton . 
 ca n't you see it ? 
 i can . 
 i know . 
 i saw it when they first took me . 
 i saw how they treated him . 
 they were afraid of him . '' 
 he began coughing hard , choking on his words . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you do n't look good . '' 
 the other waved off his concern . 
 `` they hate him . 
 i hear it when they speak to him , or about him . 
 i can see it in their eyes . '' 
 `` i know things too . '' 
 darryl began to speak , but was cut off immediately . 
 the other 's hands and head began moving rapidly , obviously annoyed by darryl 's interruption . 
 `` listen , only listen . 
 he 's working on us ; changing us inside . 
 we 're experiments ; nothing more . '' 
 he began choking again , so hard he could n't breathe , doubling over in anguish , gasping frantically . 
 darryl watched helplessly . 
 it continued for a few seconds , before the other began breathing normally and regained what little composure he had . 
 swallowing hard , he continued . 
 `` listen , listen . 
 he did n't take you because you 're new . 
 you 're not like us . 
 we 're dying . 
 the changes they tried to make in us did n't work , and now we 're ... what we are . 
 but to them , we 're as good as dead . 
 that 's why he 's picking us . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 darryl saw the other 's face clearly now . 
 it looked drained , pale . 
 the look of lunacy once held in his eyes was gone as well . 
 the man looked like death . 
 `` it 's because he 's looking for someone like him . 
 he ca n't change himself . 
 not without testing it on us . '' 
 he finished just as his coughing returned . 
 he doubled over , smacking his hands against the floor . 
 darryl could hear the pain in his voice as he tried to speak through it , failing . 
 he kept his face downward as he made several gut-retching sounds . 
 when he looked back up to darryl , his eyes were wide and white , and all the veins in his face were protruding . 
 `` hey ... '' darryl began , just as the other dropped lifeless to the floor . 
 his body lay shivering for a few seconds , then nothing . 
 darryl moved further away , as if the man had died by something that darryl could breathe in and die as well . 
 he sat scared . 
 he replayed the conversation over and over in his head , understanding bit as pieces of what the other had tried to tell him . 
 one thing became clear . 
 kill barton , before he kills me . 
 chapter 13 doctor barton stood in the darkness watching his latest patient carefully , searching for subtle changes , looking for any sign of collapse in the strands that would be noticeable . 
 the patient 's skin color was returning to a pale shade , the deep bruises were retreating , the blood clots were thinning out , and his breathing was only slightly labored , though that was to be expected . 
 the fact that he was still alive meant the serum was working . 
 live ! 
 with a smile lacking warmth , barton turned to his table filled with vials and liquids , thinking that his solution was correct , and now was the time . 
 it would be ideal to continue testing , he knew . 
 let the serum run a full course with others first to see how their bodies responded over time , but time was running out . 
 soon the hall would be flooded with the enemy trying to find him , trying to capture him for their glory . 
 acting now was a calculated risk . 
 waiting would only allow them what they wanted most : his death . 
 barton stalked over into the recess of a dark corner , finding a chair and sitting comfortably while waiting . 
 he knew he would not be around long enough to see exactly how the patient would turn out . 
 he needed to flee within a few hours . 
 `` everything is a gamble , '' he muttered to himself . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 adelle responded suddenly . 
 with the dim light shining only over the patient , he and adelle were both hidden in shadow . 
 barton remained seated . 
 `` i 'm waiting . '' 
 he could hear the slight movements in her bed , knowing that she was testing her restraints . 
 a second later she stopped . 
 she sighed audibly . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 adelle 's voice was filled with nervousness . 
 he remembered how hard she had fought with him , the long struggle down the hall to this room , and even while placing her in the bed . 
 she had nearly escaped twice before she was shackled in place . 
 he wondered then what it was like for himself when they did it to him . 
 `` to make sure it ends tonight . '' 
 `` i had a dream . 
 i remembered everything like it was happening all over . '' 
 adelle sounded angry . 
 `` but it was n't a dream . 
 and everything is real . 
 i know what you 're doing . 
 you 're changing him to be like you . '' 
 `` not me . 
 you . '' 
 his less-than-sympathetic tone kept adelle quiet for a moment . 
 she stiffened , filling with a bitterness of her own . 
 `` if you let me leave now , you 'll never see me again . 
 i wo n't tell them anything . '' 
 `` if you leave now , i will never see you again . '' 
 barton corrected . 
 adelle kept quiet . 
 she did n't understand what he was saying . 
 she stared into the darkness , finding the figure slumped into a short chair a few feet away . 
 she knew he was not going to let her go . 
 she was held at his will and it seemed very unlikely that he would listen to her pleas . 
 he had changed her somehow , transformed her into being whatever it was that he was . 
 she knew ; she could feel it . 
 she understood what sort of place it was . 
 as her memory had come back , answers were not so scattered or out of reach . 
 everything was in black and white . 
 anger boiled within her . 
 she began venting her frustrations . 
 `` i remember things . '' 
 she could n't tell if he was looking at her or not , but the fact that he did not get up or respond was reason enough for her to keep talking . 
 `` i remember conversations , where people were talking about you coming to see me . 
 you had to erase my memory . 
 you came to see me . 
 that 's when i forgot everything . 
 that 's when i began ... changing . '' 
 barton remained silent . 
 her memory only gave him reassurance . 
 `` i know you lied to us , '' she continued . 
 `` i know what really happened that night . 
 so what 's the point of trying to keep secrets now ? 
 tell me , what are we changing in to ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know . '' 
 barton 's tone was cold . 
 `` it 's you . 
 is n't it ? 
 we 're going to be like you . '' 
 adelle began thrashing in the bed trying to break free . 
 she began screaming her hardest , yelling at the doctor for what he had done to her . 
 barton remained motionless . 
 when she was finally exhausted and in tears , she laid still . 
 crying hard , adelle looked up past her tears . 
 barton stood over her . 
 `` just do it already ! '' 
 adelle cried . 
 `` kill me ! '' 
 barton reached down to her , watching her shrink , watching her fear-filled eyes close and wince . 
 she was just a pawn in the game , he thought bleakly . 
 was i any different ? 
 he untied her hands , and then stepped back . 
 adelle opened her eyes , astonished . 
 she swallowed hard , confused . 
 she remained motionless , unsure of his intentions . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i thought you were the one with all of the answers . '' 
 barton said . 
 with that , he turned and walked back to his chair . 
 adelle rubbed her wrists gently . 
 the skin was chaffed from her struggle . 
 she had no idea what to do . 
 `` why did you untie my hands ? '' 
 she wiped her palms across her wet cheeks . 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 you lived . 
 you made it . '' 
 adelle was not sure what he had in mind and she was n't going to press the issue . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 she was quiet for a few minutes , thinking things through , waiting to see what the doctor had planned . 
 when it looked like nothing was going to happen , she began asking questions . 
 `` why did you erase our memories ? 
 what does it matter if you 're just going to kill us ? '' 
 barton did n't answer right away . 
 when he did , he sounded emotionless . 
 `` the mind is the first thing that has to go . 
 remove your memory ; remove what it is about you that makes you unique . 
 with your mind relaxed , lost in obscurity , having no identity to cling to , then the dna can be altered . 
 then the change can take place . 
 i discovered that . 
 i taught them . 
 i created the way forward . 
 the pills work perfectly . '' 
 barton shifted his posture . 
 the conversation turned him sour . 
 he hated what he had done . 
 `` then i am ... ? '' 
 she drifted , unable to finish the thought . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 barton stiffened . 
 he turned to face her . 
 his stare was cold . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 adelle was quiet for a few seconds , and then proceeded with caution . 
 `` where is darryl ? '' 
 `` i have him . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 barton turned towards her . 
 `` locked in a cage . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 she was scared of his answer . 
 `` i 'll know shortly . '' 
 `` you 'll kill him . 
 wo n't you ? '' 
 she held back her tears . 
 `` he may already be dead , '' he replied calmly . 
 `` but you 'll make sure , '' she spit . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` you 'll thank me when this is done . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` trust you ? 
 i 'd rather kill you . '' 
 she regretted it by how quickly he turned to glare at her . 
 `` i am the only one you can trust . '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` because we are alike now ? 
 you and i ? '' 
 barton quickly stepped to the bed . 
 `` we are not alike . 
 not yet . '' 
 `` what else do you have to do to me ? '' 
 she shivered . 
 `` it 's me that has to change , '' he growled . 
 `` soon i 'll be just like you . 
 then we 're leaving this place . '' 
 adelle swallowed hard . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 barton smiled . 
 `` because everyone else will be dead . '' 
 darryl sat upright at once , hearing slight movements coming down the hall . 
 turning , he saw the light shining this way , then that . 
 someone was searching , he realized . 
 they were coming . 
 `` help . '' 
 he started to speak but the dryness in his throat made it impossible to throw his voice far enough to be heard . 
 he had to be patient . 
 the light was getting closer . 
 he scrambled to his feet , almost falling in the process , and wobbled his way to the door . 
 the person walking down the hall had entered a room . 
 darryl could make out the brightness flooding from the room as the person searched , then entered the hall once again . 
 the light came for him then . 
 darryl slumped against the iron bars and began to call the person over to him . 
 `` here . '' 
 he saw the light stop as the s person became startled , then it found him and he was turning away from its shine . 
 within a few seconds a tall man in a guard 's uniform was in front of him . 
 his face bore a thousand questions . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 the guard moved his light around the cell from one person to the next . 
 he released sharp gasps as he found each person . 
 `` get us out . '' 
 groaned darryl . 
 the guard tried to open the door , but it was locked . 
 he shook it hard , but it failed to open . 
 `` how 'd you get in there ? '' 
 the guard saw the condition their bodies were in and gasped . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 `` doctor barton . '' 
 darryl lost his strength and slid to his knees resting his head against the warm iron bars . 
 `` hurry , before he comes back . '' 
 darryl pointed . 
 he heard the guard mumble something about the cruelty of his situation and that he would return to free them . 
 before darryl could say anything else , the guard was racing into the darkness . 
 darryl smiled . 
 help is coming , adelle . 
 barton stood over his patient . 
 it was time . 
 he inserted a needle into the patient 's arm and withdrew some blood . 
 using his small machine , he checked the blood . 
 the strands had changed , as he expected . 
 but something was still missing . 
 it was n't whitmere 's watchdogs ; it was the chain itself . 
 it was n't perfect . 
 what is it !? 
 barton pounded his fists into the table . 
 he did n't have time for setbacks . 
 looking at the structure of the chain , he knew what was missing . 
 but the strands could not be created . 
 it was a miscalculation , a huge oversight on his part . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 adelle asked . 
 she spoke now , unable to control her nerves , already deciding that she would take her own life the first chance she had . 
 she would not go on as one of them . 
 barton did n't look at her . 
 `` his blood . 
 i checked it to be certain that the strands have all returned and nothing lingered . '' 
 strands of what ? '' 
 `` dna . '' 
 barton screamed at himself quietly . 
 he had failed . 
 `` you 're changing his dna ? 
 what will that do to him ? '' 
 adelle 's voice was a whimper of defeat . 
 `` what about my blood ? '' 
 adelle 's words opened a door for barton . 
 he turned to stare at her in a new light . 
 her blood . 
 he turned from the questions then , working fast to mix her blood sample with his solution . 
 his heart was racing . 
 it would work , he convinced himself . 
 it had to . 
 when he was finished , he put his new solution in his small machine and watched the image of her blood appear before him . 
 he laughed for several long moments . 
 adelle 's skin curled . 
 she was cold , sick with worry now . 
 barton 's happiness swept the ground from beneath her . 
 her mind raced with thoughts on how to end her life before he could touch her again . 
 barton took a deep breath and held it for a second before letting it slip slowly past his lips . 
 he turned to his table . 
 the needle was ready . 
 the serum was mixed and ready . 
 he screwed in the long needle to his injection gun and placed it against his forearm . 
 his index finger rubbed the trigger gently . 
 he was just about to inject himself when adelle spoke . 
 `` so he 's like you now ? '' 
 barton paused . 
 his angry eyes turned to find hers . 
 his voice was quick , his words harsh . 
 `` i saved him . 
 as i did you . '' 
 `` by turning us into you ? '' 
 she held back her tears . 
 `` you know nothing about me ! '' 
 barton glared viciously . 
 adelle cried then . 
 `` i know you 're not like us ! 
 i know you 're ... '' `` less than human ? '' 
 barton snarled . 
 his face was vivid with rage . 
 `` want me to tell you what you are ? 
 what i am !? '' 
 he screamed . 
 he set the needle on the table . 
 a slight creak in the door changed everything . 
 barton 's head turned quickly . 
 too late . 
 adelle screamed and cried so hard she could n't see nor hear . 
 everything became a blur . 
 her mind raced with paranoia and delusions , infusing them with her grim reality . 
 she began drifting into someplace safe within her mind . 
 she could n't hear the doctor anymore . 
 she barely recognized the door open and a man enter . 
 she watched the men lock together until she made out only one form . 
 her body was numb ; her emotions just as removed as her warmth . 
 she lay shivering as her vision became a subtle sway of images smeared in fog . 
 chapter 14 her head pulled off the broken-glass covered dashboard , shards shining in her strewn blonde hair as the blinding light flooded into the car . 
 disoriented , she saw only in fragments ; her vision swirling . 
 she allowed her body to slump back into the seat , finding great pain in her chest . 
 broken ribs , perhaps . 
 doing so allowed her to see darryl in the seat next to her . 
 his head lay flat against the wheel , his body unmoving , lurched forward into an awkward position . 
 the windshield had shattered ; glass was everywhere . 
 the light outside became obstructed with movements ; voices were rushing towards . 
 then she remembered the crash . 
 the lights ... the ditch ... shattering glass snapped adelle from her flashback . 
 her hazy vision cleared slowly . 
 two men were fighting across the room . 
 fists moved faster than she could follow . 
 the gruesome sounds of flesh striking flesh filled the airwaves between the grunts and groans of the match . 
 she realized what was taking place before her . 
 barton was fighting a man who came to save her . 
 everything came back to her in a rush then . 
 the guard knocked barton to the floor . 
 his nose was broken , discharging his blood down across his cut lips . 
 his eyes gleamed wildly . 
 `` this is where it ends . '' 
 barton rolled and sent a hard kick to the other 's left knee , folding the guard to the floor in anguish . 
 barton moved quickly to his feet . 
 sweat covered his face in a dim shine . 
 he hovered over the withering guard . 
 `` we own you , '' the guard coughed . 
 barton 's eyes were embers in the dark . 
 he placed his foot onto the guard 's neck . 
 `` your kind is weak , my friend . 
 and you know that . 
 that 's why you have me ; us . 
 to try and adapt , to be like us . 
 you 've studied us and mimicked us , but there 's one thing you fail to duplicate : our passion . 
 it ca n't be created or imitated . 
 and it can not be found where you can steal it . '' 
 barton patted his chest . 
 `` it 's in here . '' 
 the guard coughed blood . 
 he could n't speak clearly . 
 barton raised his leg . 
 `` and you 're right . 
 it does end here . 
 you all do . '' 
 adelle closed her eyes as barton sent his foot crashing down . 
 the sound she heard made her imagine a head of lettuce being ripped in half . 
 barton looked at his table . 
 it was a mess . 
 vials and tubes were scattered and broken . 
 liquids spilled together in small pools . 
 work kept in secret for so long was now gone with no time to replace it . 
 he pounded his fists into the table and screamed for several minutes . 
 the serum he was saving was in a vial , broken on the floor . 
 most of the solution had spilled . 
 he quickly snatched the gun off the floor and tried to save what he could , pouring what was left into an empty vial , capping it , and putting it into his gun . 
 everything else was useless . 
 all the samples , all the proof -- gone . 
 `` no ! '' 
 barton threw the table over onto the floor . 
 his hopes had slipped back into a deep hole . 
 he stared at his patient in the bed . 
 lifeless . 
 the guard had killed him , knowing what it had meant . 
 his eyes closed tight . 
 anger boiled within . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 barton opened his eyes to find adelle waiting for an answer . 
 he gave her one . 
 `` everyone is going to die . '' 
 his cold glare cut into adelle and forced her to look away . 
 `` i hope they kill you first . '' 
 her voice was a mere whisper , but he had heard it . 
 then he realized that they all did n't need to die . 
 not her , in fact . 
 she needed to live . 
 adelle was confused as she watched barton untie her legs . 
 he would kill her now , she knew . 
 she hoped . 
 but he began pulling her , dragging her towards the doorway . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 where are we going ? '' 
 rushing towards the door , she saw the guard 's dead body on the floor . 
 his throat was crushed with a pool of dark liquid surrounding it . 
 adelle jerked back , stopping barton . 
 she fought to escape . 
 `` we have to go ! '' 
 he screamed at her . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere with you ! '' 
 `` move , now ! '' 
 barton yanked her arm , but she latched onto the table . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` we do n't have much time ! 
 move ! '' 
 barton was frantic . 
 adelle was crying . 
 the arm held by barton was thrashing . 
 `` you promised me darryl ! 
 you said you 'd give him to me ! 
 i trusted you ! 
 i trusted you ! '' 
 barton controlled his anger . 
 he did n't have time for games . 
 `` they 'll be coming now . 
 if you do n't come with me , you 'll die . 
 we do n't have time for him . '' 
 `` he 's my husband ! '' 
 adelle cried hard . 
 `` i 'd rather die with him than here by you ! '' 
 husband . 
 the word hung in the chaos of his thoughts , neutralizing the havoc . 
 the word was human . 
 the word was real . 
 it was something that he had not heard since arriving . 
 there was a connection with the word and life itself . 
 there was a bond . 
 the side of him that was human could not ignore it . 
 he clung to the feeling it released inside him , even though the alien inside him worked hard to erase it . 
 husband . 
 adelle felt barton 's grasp go limp . 
 she yanked her arm out of his hand . 
 the lines of anger masking his face seemed to drift like sand swept by the tide . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere without darryl . '' 
 barton saw something in adelle 's eyes . 
 it was unlocking doors inside him . 
 it was a fiery passion . 
 it was n't like the rest of the dead eyes he 'd seen . 
 she would fight him , and he needed her to trust him . 
 she was the key ; she was the antidote . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i will take you to him . 
 but you have to do everything i say . 
 you have to trust me . '' 
 adelle hesitated . 
 `` how can i trust you ? '' 
 barton 's eyes were bitter and he struggled to spit out his words , as if he did n't believe them . 
 `` because i was once like you . '' 
 `` you 're nothing like me . '' 
 her head shook in disgust . 
 `` i heard them talking . 
 i know what you are . 
 you 're an alien . '' 
 barton said nothing . 
 his silence fueled adelle 's fire . 
 `` i remember everything now . 
 do n't touch me . 
 i ca n't trust you . 
 you 're an alien ! '' 
 `` they are the aliens ! 
 we are the only humans left , adelle ! '' 
 barton screamed . 
 veins protruded out of his forehead . 
 `` look at him ! 
 look at his blood ! 
 black ! '' 
 adelle stared to the dead guard on the floor as barton pointed . 
 she saw it . 
 it was n't the dim light . 
 it was black ; it was n't human . 
 `` my god . '' 
 `` remember , adelle . 
 think back . 
 you know how you came here . '' 
 adelle was stunned . 
 she stared at barton 's eyes and did n't see the cruelty or malice that was always present . 
 she had no idea what to think . 
 `` they changed me , like they tried to change you . '' 
 barton continued . 
 his voice was calm yet firm . 
 `` and right now , you 're the only hope i have left . '' 
 adelle stared into his eyes for a few seconds . 
 he was telling her the truth . 
 `` oh my god . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` the same thing that will happen to you if we do n't get out of here . '' 
 barton sensed them coming ; footsteps echoed through the hall . 
 `` now ! '' 
 he grabbed adelle 's arm again and ran to the door . 
 adelle did n't put up a fight . 
 when they stepped into the hall , they ran into four guards . 
 barton shoved adelle aside as they all hit the floor in a tangled mess . 
 darryl ran hard down the dark hall . 
 it hurt to move ; it hurt to breathe . 
 but he pressed on despite his complications with only one goal in mind : adelle . 
 keep going . 
 you can do it . 
 faster . 
 do n't think about the pain . 
 think about her . 
 her face . 
 her eyes smiling when we free her . 
 keep going now . 
 almost there . 
 she 's waiting . 
 four guards had opened the cell door moments ago and darryl had scrambled out . 
 he was on his feet instantly , running to save adelle before they could stop him . 
 disoriented , he ran aimlessly . 
 he reached a set of stairs and slumped onto them , crawling up . 
 light shined in from the window on the door waiting at the summit . 
 almost there . 
 do n't give in now . 
 she needs you . 
 his arms were too weak to pull himself up , too sore even to bend then straighten again . 
 exhausted , his body slumped hard , flat against the steps . 
 the door stood waiting just a few feet ahead . 
 `` help ! '' 
 darryl 's voice creaked , failing in his attempt . 
 his hands balled into fists ; his face wrinkled with anger . 
 he blinked hard ; his eyes did n't open again . 
 darryl was out before the door burst open and bathed his body in light . 
 darryl pulled himself away from the dash . 
 his forehead was bruised , his face speckled with shards of glass . 
 light bathed in through the windows all at once . 
 he slumped back into his seat and discovered motion to his right . 
 the passenger door was open ; someone was being pulled out . 
 but he could n't be certain what was happening . 
 it all happened in a blur . 
 `` help . '' 
 darryl tried to call again and could n't . 
 he struggled to see what was happening out the door to his right , but the light was too intense to decipher anything but quick movements . 
 people were there , he knew . 
 someone was barking orders . 
 paramedics . 
 thank god . 
 the door to his left suddenly jerked open and hands were reaching , grabbing him by the shirt , pulling him out of the busted vehicle . 
 darryl 's eyes flashed open . 
 he was on his back being pushed down the hall . 
 a person walked at both his sides . 
 bright lights lined the ceiling . 
 voices were heard in passing . 
 the dream had faded to reality . 
 he was in the hospital . 
 somehow they had found him on the steps . 
 but now he was safe . 
 adelle would be found too . 
 he closed his eyes then , thinking how familiar it all was . 
 darryl 's eyes shot open immediately . 
 he remembered his conversations with the lunatic in the cell . 
 they took you , is what he said . 
 it had been no accident . 
 `` where 's the others ? '' 
 darryl asked frantically . 
 `` there were others with me . 
 where are they ? '' 
 no answer . 
 he had fled the cage so fast that he never thought about any of them . 
 he was n't sure they even left with him . 
 he ran alone through the hall . 
 he was alone now . 
 and the guards all ran off to find barton . 
 had they returned ? 
 `` where 's adelle ? 
 did they find her ? '' 
 nothing . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 the nurse at his left side stared down at him . 
 the look the woman gave made darryl uncomfortable . 
 she said nothing . 
 a cold chill laced darryl 's pale skin . 
 he was suddenly afraid . 
 adelle ran a step behind barton . 
 she looked back once , putting to rest the eerie feeling that one of the dead was somehow following . 
 but she saw the guards on the floor where barton had left them , broken in ways that would not heal , and knew for the moment that they were safe . 
 barton stopped running as they reached the cell . 
 the door stood ajar , the bodies inside lay unmoving , groaning . 
 he checked each one , but did n't have to . 
 he knew darryl was gone . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 adelle asked . 
 `` what 's happened to them ? '' 
 `` patients . 
 subject to trial and error . 
 as good as dead . '' 
 `` well do something for them ! '' 
 adelle could n't look at them in such agony . 
 `` their bodies had failed the treatments , adelle . '' 
 barton growled . 
 `` they 're in limbo . '' 
 barton walked out of the cell . 
 adelle looked away . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 adelle asked . 
 the smell gagged her . 
 `` they have him . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 adelle was becoming hysterical . 
 she felt a deep sense of urgency . 
 time , she knew , was slipping fast . 
 `` we have to find him . '' 
 `` he 's gone , and we do n't know where to ! '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving without him ! '' 
 `` sh ! 
 keep your voice down . 
 you 'll get us both killed . '' 
 barton shook his head . 
 finding darryl was a risk . 
 all he needed was some of her blood , and then a safe place to change himself . 
 he was beginning to think that having her around was too risky . 
 he should take her blood and be done with her . 
 let her find her own fate . 
 but as he stared at the fire in her eyes , he knew she would become captured on her own . 
 without him , she was as good as dead . 
 then they would win . 
 he was n't about to let them . 
 `` look , '' he whispered , `` we 'll find him . 
 but first we need to save ourselves . 
 if we get captured , then we 're no help to him . '' 
 adelle thought for a moment . 
 he was right . 
 `` i 'm trusting you . '' 
 barton nodded . 
 `` at the end of the hall , there 's a door . 
 follow me . '' 
 without waiting , barton raced away down the hall into the darkness . 
 chapter 15 the room was well lit . 
 heavy breathing and barking orders filled the air , while thudding footsteps filled the hall just beyond . 
 guards were searching every room and corridor . 
 they were close to their quarry ; they could smell them . 
 doctor barton sat crunched inside of the ventilation shaft within the room 's ceiling , sweating and furious . 
 adelle sat across from him , her legs facing his , her thoughts nearly as dark as their encampment . 
 it was hot and stuffy ; the small ventilation openings did little to ease their discomfort . 
 but as soon as they had entered in the room barton thought would keep them safe , guards began to appear in the hall by the dozens , searching everywhere , and they had no other place to hide . 
 sweat dripped down barton 's face , his arms wrapped around his knees , pulled in close to his chest . 
 adelle had taken the same form as they sat in silence , listening closely to the noises below , hearing most of what the guards were conversing . 
 for several long minutes the room beneath them was searched . 
 things that barton had hid were found ; small tools , meaningless to the guards but vital for barton 's work , were confiscated . 
 the room was ransacked . 
 drawers and doors were broke off hinges . 
 papers with written formulas littered the floor . 
 the guards knew that they had found a place where the alien had been working in secret . 
 they took their time investigating . 
 barton and adelle listened to it all . 
 a few times they thought they had been found , as guards removed light panels looking for secrets . 
 but that was as close as they had come . 
 finally after hours , the room below went silent . 
 adelle moved slightly , her body sore and cramping , her face shining with sweat in the dimness . 
 she stared at barton , waiting to make eye contact , waiting to speak . 
 but when their eyes met , barton shook his head and remained silent . 
 to her surprise though , he motioned for her to move further down the narrow shaft . 
 she hesitated , but he was consistent with his direction . 
 she took a deep breath and held it , turning over onto her hands and knees , waiting to hear the vent bend and creak . 
 instead she heard barton whispering for her to move slowly . 
 adelle did as she was told . 
 the vent gave no sound . 
 even when she came to the small recesses where narrow grates were open for air flow , it remained silent . 
 it gave her confidence . 
 it offered hope . 
 they crawled for several minutes , hovering over other rooms , each one having its own group of guards searching , discussing . 
 but none were wise to their concealment . 
 instead they gave barton and adelle information . 
 through the guards ' conversations , they learned that darryl was now in whitmere 's care , and barton would be killed on sight . 
 it was when the shaft became nearly without any light that barton stopped them . 
 they each lay flat , stretching , exhausted . 
 barton spoke quietly , telling adelle that they were somewhere between rooms with only structure beneath them . 
 they would not be heard . 
 adelle began praying softly . 
 `` dear god , please help us . 
 please god -- '' barton overheard . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 adelle stopped , surprised by his sudden anger . 
 `` i 'm praying for help . '' 
 `` do n't waste your time . '' 
 adelle heard barton sigh wearily . 
 she felt the bitterness in his voice . 
 she continued anyway , softer . 
 `` if you want to make it out of here , you have to do what i say . '' 
 barton said after a moment . 
 `` praying is not going to help you . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 she said it before realizing what she was saying to him . 
 before she heard him growl in response , she wished she had stayed silent . 
 `` because i 'm still here ! '' 
 barton felt his rage shake his body . 
 `` all i did for years was pray . 
 years ! 
 and after watching them do whatever they wanted with me , with others , i stopped praying . 
 i stopped believing . 
 the only person that was going to help me was me . 
 how could any god allow this to happen to me ?! 
 how ? '' 
 adelle understood how painful it would be for him . 
 for years she prayed for a solution to her marital problems . 
 even now it seems that nothing had worked . 
 still , trapped with the conditions she was in , she knew in her heart that now was the time to be praying the most . 
 just the thought of her marriage brought her to tears . 
 `` stop crying . '' 
 barton demanded . 
 `` stay focused . '' 
 `` they have him , '' adelle said . 
 she felt alone and helpless , again . 
 `` they had you once , '' he shot back . 
 adelle thought for a few moments . 
 it was dark . 
 it was hot . 
 she was scared and tired . 
 home seemed like a dream that vanished leaving only traces to be remembered . 
 it seemed so distant , so unreal . 
 her heart ached . 
 she wept silently , praying in her head . 
 barton was too mechanical for self-pity . 
 he did n't see his present state nearly as dark as the last ten years . 
 he rolled onto his stomach and stared where he thought adelle 's face would be . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 her weeping increased . 
 she turned to him , not seeing his face at all in the darkness . 
 `` this is hard . 
 everything i know to be real is n't . '' 
 `` your memories are real . 
 cling to them . 
 the more you think of them , the less this can claim you . '' 
 barton 's words were filled with defiance . 
 `` how long have you been here ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 her crying stopped . 
 barton took a few moments to respond . 
 `` ten years , i think . '' 
 adelle felt that it easily could be that long for her . 
 she was beginning to feel as if she was falling , with no ground to land on . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` they took me , same as you . '' 
 barton rolled onto his back , staring into the blackness . 
 `` i did what they asked because they promised me i 'd go home . 
 that was a lifetime ago . '' 
 adelle inched closer to him . 
 `` how did you do it ? 
 i mean , for so long without going crazy ? 
 this is not humane . '' 
 humane . 
 barton thought back to the work he had endured . 
 she was right . 
 there was nothing humane about it . 
 how could there be ? 
 `` there 's no humanity here . 
 they 're not human . '' 
 barton stiffened . 
 `` it 's something they delete . 
 strip away your core , your being , in preparation . 
 wipe away your memories , your emotions , everything that makes you human , and then start over . '' 
 `` is that what they did to you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` inside , i work like they do , partially . 
 my mind has been closed off to certain things . 
 what and how much , i do n't know . 
 i know they have erased my memories . 
 i know that because i 've helped them do it to others . 
 i designed pills for them to do exactly that . 
 i 've seen it happen for so long that it does n't bother me . 
 i do n't feel anything from it . 
 patients to me are just numbers . 
 they are a countdown for me to leave . '' 
 adelle 's voice was sympathetic . 
 `` if you look at what you do remember , it 's amazing . 
 you lost all your memories , everything that you know of yourself , except your ability to do your work . 
 why do you think that is ? 
 sounds like it was done for a reason . 
 sounds like god to me . '' 
 `` put yourself here for ten years and tell me what you believe in . 
 i 've seen so many innocent people die in horrible ways . 
 if there is a god , why did n't he help them ? 
 why did n't i have the ability to ... '' he paused then , considering something . 
 `` i could n't save them anyhow . 
 i did n't understand how things worked . 
 not until now . '' 
 `` that 's what you were doing , back there , with me and the other patient ? 
 you 've figured out how to change us back ? '' 
 `` after years of heartaches , of watching them deny me to leave , i began learning on my own , without them knowing . 
 i studied how their serums work . 
 i began working directly with whitmere , learning everything i could . 
 i knew i had to change myself ; i knew i had to figure it out on my own . 
 `` i began testing on patients , secretly . 
 i took patients that had failed experiments , ones that were dying , and began to unlock their doings . 
 it took me a long time to figure out what it was that they changed , and even longer to discover how to correct it . 
 and now i have . 
 after all these years of being locked away , i hold the key . '' 
 barton went quiet . 
 adelle thought for a second that he was crying , softly enough that she would not notice , but she was n't sure . 
 as she wiped away her own tears , she waited for him to continue . 
 when he did n't , she pressed him . 
 `` how can you change yourself ? 
 they 've destroyed all your ... '' adelle could n't finish . 
 the reality now was that he could not change . 
 and there was no hope for darryl either . 
 barton shifted his position . 
 `` all this time , i 've been overlooking the logic of the practice . 
 even when i noticed how they shy away from human blood , it did n't register . 
 but that 's where the secret lies . 
 human blood . '' 
 in the darkness , adelle could feel his penetrating eyes fix on hers . 
 it dawned on her then why she was made whole again ; why he had saved her . 
 `` you need my blood , '' she stated . 
 barton did not reply . 
 `` that 's why i 'm here . 
 is n't it ? '' 
 his silence reaffirmed what she suspected . 
 he did n't care about her any more than they did . 
 he only wanted to use her to save himself . 
 after all , he was n't entirely human . 
 but he once was , she thought . 
 `` i need your blood , '' barton said faintly . 
 `` if i die , what would happen to you ? '' 
 `` you die , i die . 
 any chance for saving darryl dies as well . 
 you have the only untainted human blood . '' 
 the darkness hid his movements . 
 he crept closer to her . 
 one hand held his syringe and tube waiting to capture her blood . 
 adelle thought for a few moments . 
 whether it was selfish or not , his intentions could be justified . 
 she pitied him . 
 but more important , her blood needed to save her husband . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 `` i will help you . '' 
 adelle spoke just as the needle stuck into her skin , causing her to flinch unexpectedly . 
 she swallowed hard , realizing that the choice was never hers . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i use what is left of my solution with your blood ... and hope for the best . '' 
 barton could see fairly well in the darkness . 
 it was the alien part of him -- the one good thing they gave him . 
 he moved carefully , gently pouring his solution into the vial with her blood . 
 it would work , he knew . 
 his heart beat with excitement . 
 he calmed his quick breathing . 
 he steadied his nervous fingers . 
 it 's been so long . 
 barton took a deep breath and held it . 
 he rolled up the sleeve on his left arm . 
 he laid the needle flat against his skin , moving slowly , waiting to feel the slight bump that would indicate a vein . 
 he exhaled , finding one . 
 he closed his eyes , brining the needle tip straight , preparing himself for the injection . 
 adelle said to keep some for darryl , but it did n't register . 
 it did n't matter . 
 with the pain of the last decade pressing down on him , threatening to suffocate him further , his finger squeezed the trigger . 
 instantly he felt a change . 
 it was warm , tingling from ears to toes . 
 it raced through his system with lightening speed . 
 he began to swelter . 
 the injection gun dropped out of his hand , but he did n't notice . 
 all at once his body began to ache , trembling violently . 
 he could not control his movements . 
 nothing had ever hurt so deep , so intense . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 adelle gasped . 
 she could hear his body thrashing . 
 the sounds he was making made her believe he was dying . 
 he was turning into those in the cage , she thought . 
 he had been wrong . 
 she scrambled , trying to find him , trying to get close enough to assist him somehow . 
 but it was dark and the tight quarters hindered her movements . 
 as she reached him , she was aware of his flailing limbs . 
 he was making too much noise . 
 `` sh . 
 calm down . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 what can i do ? '' 
 she grabbed his hands and held them tight , preventing them from knocking into the vent walls . 
 `` talk to me . '' 
 barton groaned painfully , mumbling something inaudible , words fragmented with groans . 
 adelle did her best to silence him , to keep their concealment unknown . 
 but he was too strong . 
 his head struck the side of the chute too many times . 
 someone had to have heard . 
 then all of a sudden he stopped . 
 his body calmed . 
 adelle reacted quickly , placing a hand against his mouth , feeling the warmth of the exhale . 
 he was alive . 
 somehow he had survived . 
 then she heard them . 
 they were searching anew , alerted by his thrashing . 
 adelle placed her hand over barton 's mouth . 
 she could hear the guards yelling from somewhere below . 
 she sat motionless for several minutes . 
 she tried a few times to wake the doctor , but failed . 
 she decided then to leave him for a minute , crawl over to where the guards were and see if anything could be discovered . 
 barton could be out for hours , she knew . 
 `` i 'll be back , '' she whispered in barton 's ear . 
 she crawled out of the dark recess towards the light . 
 conversations grew louder . 
 she was over a room that held at least three men talking . 
 she positioned herself over an air vent and listened . 
 the vent was long and had a series of mesh openings angled down towards sections of the room . 
 adelle heard and saw the guards clearly . 
 she learned only that barton had made enough noise for them to continue their search . 
 the guards had not given up anything useful before walking out of sight . 
 adelle sighed . 
 it had been a wasted trip . 
 the room had gone quite for several long minutes when she realized there was no reason to linger . 
 she would go back and wait for barton to wake . 
 if he would n't on his own , she would help . 
 he would not have the comfort of sleeping for hours . 
 adelle turned herself around and had just started back the way she had come , when the vent cover disappeared and she was falling down . 
 she hit the floor hard ; the metal of the vent cover shattered the stillness . 
 adelle grunted in pain , the wind knocked out of her lungs leaving her helpless . 
 already there were voices rushing from further away . 
 anyone in the hall would have heard the crash . 
 they were coming . 
 she would be discovered in seconds . 
 her hands and knees ached from the fall . 
 but nothing hurt more than knowing she would be captured . 
 she rose eagerly . 
 her eyes searched the room for a hiding place . 
 the voices came quicker . 
 guards were yelling directions . 
 they were coming straight for her room . 
 adelle panicked then , her body freezing in place . 
 she looked up into the ceiling where the blackness of the vent shaft stared back in betrayal . 
 chapter 16 i sit next to my mother 's feet as she stands at the sink washing dishes . 
 music plays softly from a radio on the counter . 
 i press my back against her leg , feeling the end of her long , blue and white striped dress dangle across my neck , tickling my ears . 
 i push my car around the black and white checkered floor , trying not to drive on the white squares . 
 `` do you want to be a race car driver when you get older ? '' 
 my mother asks . 
 `` they drive in circles for hours and hours . 
 racing so fast . '' 
 `` faster than dad ? '' 
 she smiles back . 
 `` well ... he does think he has to be the first car , does n't he ? '' 
 i nod . 
 my father yells something from another room , which only makes my mother laugh . 
 she rubs her hands across my head . 
 i do n't mind her wet hands . 
 `` in about twelve more years you 'll be out there driving , too . 
 then you 'll find out what it 's all about . 
 there 's more to driving than just turning the wheel , or in your father 's case stomping the gas pedal and scaring turkeys back into the woods . '' 
 another response from my father and they 're both laughing . 
 i look up to my mother and stare at her happy face . 
 her hand comes down to mine , full of suds . 
 `` go give this to your father , '' she grins . 
 i take the bubbles and run towards the couch . 
 my mother 's laughter drowns out my father 's yelling . 
 i 'm eighteen . 
 i fix my hair in the mirror as my mother straightens my tie . 
 the rest of my suit is perfect . 
 she ca n't tell i 'm slightly nervous . 
 `` did you get the flowers ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` five red roses . '' 
 `` why five ? '' 
 `` it 's our fifth date . '' 
 i shrug nonchalantly . 
 `` it just so happens to be prom , too . '' 
 i watch her nod proudly . 
 she stands away and just stares . 
 for a second i can see that she 'll be crying soon after i leave . 
 `` what is it , mom ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i was just thinking how small you were when we took you home from the hospital . 
 all wrapped up in that blanket . 
 you were so hairy , and fussy . 
 but you never cried long . 
 all i had to do was put you in my arms and rock you a little and you were just fine . '' 
 `` are you going to be okay , mom ? 
 it 's just a dance . 
 i 'll be home just after midnight . '' 
 i see the tears well up in her eyes . 
 hands clap like thunder . 
 i walk up the steps to the podium . 
 my friends cheer , lost in the crowd . 
 walking to the valedictorian , i turn , looking at my classmates . 
 proudly , i reach for my diploma . 
 i close my book in exhaustion . 
 i flop back onto the pillow and set the book on the lamp stand next to the bed . 
 my roommate enters and talks me out of studying , again . 
 out to the pub , i know . 
 but i can use the distraction . 
 college is hard for me . 
 i hold her hand firm , feeling how frail it is now , knowing how hard it will be to lose her too . 
 i feel her squeeze my hand back . 
 her weeping is quiet . 
 the reverend finishes his prayer and the casket lowers into the ground . 
 now the weeping really begins . 
 not just from my mother , but from all around them ; everyone that knew my father closely . 
 they are all there ; all of them crying . 
 `` i love you , mom . '' 
 she cries too hard to speak . 
 she rests her head onto my shoulder . 
 i wish i could be a kid again , to just go back and start over . 
 i want to feel like my father is invincible again . 
 it hurts . 
 it hurts so bad to watch him go . 
 i miss him so much already . 
 i let go and cry too . 
 i 'll be strong for mom later . 
 right now , there 's no controlling my emotions . 
 barton 's body withered in pain . 
 his eyes opened slowly . 
 still delusional , still lost somewhere in a blanket of memories that have rushed back to him in a sweeping whirlwind , he deciphered nothing in the darkness . 
 someplace deep inside him , it hurt . 
 the solution he perfected was working . 
 the nano-machines were working at a drastic pace to tie the human dna strands back in line , removing the alien at the same time . 
 it was the cure he sought from whitmere ; the cure he would never have been given . 
 they would have used his insight , his formulas and wisdom , until they grew tired of him , or did n't need him further , and then he would have been removed . 
 they either would have killed him , or changed him entirely . 
 one way was no worse than the other ; both left his soul for dead . 
 as his physical changes were underway , his mental and spiritual health was returning as well . 
 his memories came at a frantic pace , showing him quick glimpses of what and who he was , where he 'd been , what he 'd accomplished , pains and loves , all of it before vanishing into his vault where they could be recalled at his own choosing . 
 he was becoming whole again . 
 for a split second he remembered where he was . 
 he remembered everything . 
 and now with his human emotions returned , his humanity given back to him , he began to feel the remorse for what he had done . 
 patient 's faces flashed ; faces screamed silently , pain filling their eyes . 
 his stomach churned with something new , something cold and unforgiving . 
 the weight of his sins crushed him , stealing the very air he sought to grasp . 
 he felt hollow . 
 he wanted to disappear ; he wanted to hide from his own existence . 
 he could feel the darkness drawing him in , wanting to sweep him into a coma where he would not have to face himself . 
 it was soothing . 
 he could hear it call to him to let go . 
 his eyes blinked slower ; his eyelids feeling heavier . 
 but he snapped out of it and felt the stale hot air of the ventilation shaft for the first time . 
 he panicked then , realizing how close he was to losing everything again . 
 he forced the faces away , straining with the effort to focus . 
 he fought the emptiness that threatened to swallow him . 
 he balled his fists , growing angry . 
 the trapped feeling came back , and his hate for them returned . 
 but he was too weak to keep up the fight . 
 reality mixed with the waves of flooding memories and suddenly he was swept back into a dream-like state . 
 he closed his eyes against the pain , slipping back into unconsciousness again . 
 adelle 's whereabouts never occurred to him . 
 `` mom , i want you to meet someone . '' 
 i rush jada through my mother 's house , nearly pulling her arm too hard . 
 excitement fills her eyes . 
 i hear my mother shout from the backyard and we exit the back door of the house to see her rising from her tulip garden . 
 sadly , i can tell she 's too old to be toiling around in soil on her knees . 
 it 's all she has , i know . 
 `` mom , this is jada . '' 
 i see her smile . 
 she knows how much i love jada . 
 i turn to jada next , `` jada , this is my mother . '' 
 they shake hands . 
 jada is bashful , shy in a way i 'll never be . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , jada . '' 
 my mom pulls jada in close for a warm hug . 
 `` and you , too . 
 i love your house . 
 and your garden is wonderful . '' 
 jada says nervously . 
 `` oh , you 're too kind . 
 look closer and you 'll see it 's just a weed bed . '' 
 she shows jada , pointing with her scrawny hand . 
 she 's old ; it shows everywhere . 
 `` mom , i thought that maybe we would have dinner with you tonight . '' 
 i do n't give her a chance to object . 
 `` jada is an extremely talented chef . '' 
 jada shrugs modestly . 
 `` i do n't have a choice . 
 all he cooks is cereal . '' 
 i laugh and we jab each other playfully . 
 i love this girl . 
 `` well , then . 
 i would hate to put your talents to waste . 
 it 's about dinner time . 
 come on inside . '' 
 mom begins towards the house . 
 she looks back to us as i take jada 's hand in my own . 
 `` water ? 
 tea ? 
 wine , jada ? '' 
 i whisper in jada 's ear softly . 
 `` not the water . '' 
 `` tea is fine , '' jada replies . 
 `` you pick tea . 
 i say not the water , and you pick the tea . '' 
 i laugh and kiss her quickly . 
 `` tea is made of water . '' 
 we enter the house and walk into the kitchen . 
 i show jada pictures on the wall . 
 she laughs at my grade school photos . 
 laughs harder at my kindergarten haircut . 
 `` who cut your hair ? '' 
 with my eyes only , i let her know it was my mom . 
 my mother opens the fridge . 
 `` water ? 
 soda ? '' 
 `` tea is fine , '' jada says again . 
 `` oh , i do n't carry any tea . '' 
 jada shoots me a curious look . 
 i can only shrug . 
 i help my mother out of the way , investigating for myself . 
 `` mom , what sounds good to you ? '' 
 `` oh , i ca n't eat again . 
 i just had dinner . '' 
 i stare at her in wonder . 
 i see her turn to jada , hand extended in greeting . 
 i feel my stomach churn . 
 `` and you must be the girl he 's so worked up about ? '' 
 she asks . 
 jada hesitates . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` you 're so pretty . '' 
 she looks like she 's has such a great idea . 
 `` i know what you need : a tulip . 
 i have a beautiful garden outside . 
 would you care to see it ? '' 
 i close the refrigerator door . 
 my heart breaks . 
 it 's beginning , i know . 
 early stage , of course . 
 but the outcome is inevitable . 
 i 've gone too long in between visits to catch the subtle hints . 
 i fill with regret . 
 how soon before she forgets who i am ? 
 alzheimer 's has no cure . 
 there is nothing i can do to help her . 
 i wish it were otherwise . 
 i get mad that i 'm not smarter for her . 
 i want badly to have the cure -- to have more time . 
 there must be a way . 
 instantly i am obsessed with finding the answer . 
 my future is now mapped out . 
 my determination is chiseled in stone . 
 i hear my mother repeat something else to jada . 
 my spirit is washed in sadness . 
 jada sees it . 
 she knows . 
 she reaches out and holds my hand , rubbing her thumb against mine . 
 i do n't feel like eating . 
 i feel like mourning . 
 chapter 17 it 's five o’clock . 
 jada shouts the time from the kitchen , giving the count down . 
 it is five minutes before we have to leave . 
 she has a large water bottle ready , and starts to put some snacks in her purse . 
 i 'm upstairs helping avery with his cleats . 
 lorelai flutters around like a butterfly , proudly showing off her summer dress to the cat she named kit cat . 
 people tell her that she looks like her mother . 
 i agree . 
 `` lor , honey , put your sandals on . 
 we have to leave now . '' 
 jada says to our daughter . 
 she points to a small pair of pink sandals near the kitchen doors . 
 lorelai meows a few times as she runs . 
 jada sighs and shakes her head . 
 she says nothing , but she ca n't wait for little lor to stop talking like a cat . 
 `` steve ? '' 
 jada shouts with a slight annoyance . 
 `` we have to leave in five minutes , you two . 
 five minutes ! '' 
 `` we 're ready ! '' 
 i shout back from a room beyond the top of the stairs . 
 avery and i rush to the staircase in a thundering of footsteps , bringing a smile to jada 's face . 
 avery shows off his uniform , bright and clean for the last time . 
 his baseball cap is almost too big . 
 i follow avery down the steps , carrying a baseball bag full of bats and avery 's glove . 
 i am a proud father . 
 `` look at my boy ! '' 
 jada announces . 
 it brings a smile to avery . 
 he blushes and smiles grand -- minus one tooth in the top front . 
 `` avery barton . 
 you look just like your father . '' 
 `` yes , we are some good looking ball players . '' 
 i say . 
 `` i 'm like a baseball team , '' avery says . 
 he 's five . 
 avery reaches the floor and jada grabs and hugs him , kissing him a hundred times . 
 avery does n't mind . 
 jada takes a few pictures and sets her camera in her purse . 
 `` is lorelai ready ? '' 
 i ask . 
 jada points to lor , who is spinning in a circle , watching her dress rise . 
 `` if she does n't make herself sick before we get to the car , we 're good . '' 
 `` well , alright . 
 let 's go ! '' 
 i take lor 's hand and walk her outside . 
 jada straightens avery 's shirt , fussing like a perfectionist . 
 avery tries to walk away . 
 `` mom , come on . 
 it 's fine . 
 we have to go . '' 
 jada smiles . 
 `` you 're going to be fine . '' 
 `` i 'm not scared , mom . '' 
 avery is annoyed now . 
 he rushes past her , making her follow . 
 i set the bag in the minivan , shutting the back door as jada and avery rush out to us . 
 lor is sitting in her pink , flowery booster seat , trying to buckle her seatbelt in . 
 avery gets in on his own and shuts his door . 
 my phone rings from inside my jean-short 's pocket . 
 the ring tone is poppy . 
 it makes jada roll her eyes . 
 `` put it on mute or vibrate , '' she says . 
 `` you 'll embarrass the hell out of me if someone calls . '' 
 i recognize the number calling and sigh . 
 it 's work . 
 it 's urgent , of course . 
 it 's not good . 
 jada sees my excitement dampen . 
 she knows . 
 she stares at me as i answer it . 
 she hates it . 
 i hear her mumble something unpleasant as she gives me the look . 
 `` go ahead , '' i answer . 
 there 's a nurse speaking quickly to me , urgently . 
 there 's been a problem . 
 i look away from jada . 
 she is going to be mad . 
 `` okay , do n't do anything until i get there . 
 give me ten minutes . 
 bye . '' 
 jada is shaking her head before i can put the phone back into my pocket . 
 `` you ca n't be serious ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i have to . '' 
 she 's hurt . 
 `` you always have to . 
 this is your son 's first little league game ever . 
 you will never have this back . '' 
 `` i 'm on call . 
 it 's my job . '' 
 `` let it be someone else 's job right now ! '' 
 jada snatches the car keys from my hands . 
 `` you miss out on birthdays , school plays ... he 's five , steve . 
 he 'll remember these times . 
 he 'll remember that you were n't there . 
 is that how you want it ? '' 
 `` that 's not fair . '' 
 i get angry too . 
 i do n't want to leave . 
 not again . 
 `` look , i 'll be an hour . 
 the game is what ... two hours long ? 
 i 'll make it there , i promise . '' 
 `` it 's not just them that miss you . '' 
 jada 's eyes are sad . 
 `` sometimes it feels like you 're married to that hospital . '' 
 `` hey , this is my job ! 
 i 've dedicated years of my life to be able to be in this position , jade . '' 
 she hates it when i call her that . 
 she 's quiet for a second . 
 `` you ca n't save her , you know . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i do n't follow . 
 `` your mother . 
 you 're doing all of this because of her . '' 
 `` what ? 
 she 's dead , jade . 
 why would you say that ? '' 
 `` you blame yourself for not being able to help her . 
 i think you still believe that you can . 
 if you can help other amnesia patients , then you can somehow -- '' i 've had enough . 
 `` i said i 'll be there , then i 'll be there . 
 one hour . '' 
 jada shakes her head . 
 `` we have to go . '' 
 jada pushes past me to enter the car . 
 she starts it up and backs up past me without looking in my direction . 
 the kids stare at me . 
 they do n't understand , but it 's not a big surprise . 
 it 's just another disappointment . 
 `` take pictures for me ! '' 
 i yell . 
 i catch avery 's eyes . 
 `` i love you buddy ! 
 swing hard ! 
 keep your eye on the ball ! '' 
 i keep giving advice as the van drives away . 
 it 's at the end of the driveway , turning onto the street before i walk for the garage to my car . 
 i fight to contain my tears . 
 what jada said hurt . 
 but she was right . 
 when my mother lost her memory and the amnesia was so severe that she did n't know me anymore , i vowed to fix it . 
 i vowed to discover a way to reverse the disease . 
 i start up my car and drive away . 
 i 'm speeding ; i 'm in a hurry . 
 i have to get to the hospital , help where he can , then get to the game . 
 i have to prove jada wrong . 
 i 'll never miss another game . 
 i 'm not driving reckless , but close to it . 
 the road bends around the lake , sharp ahead . 
 i slow a bit , tires screech around and through the curve . 
 i speed up again to make up for the time lost . 
 the city looms ahead through the breaks in the trees . 
 i see the hospital and step on the gas harder . 
 the road bends once more , not much curve this time -- just enough . 
 going in to it , my hands gripping the wheel hard , an old man appears out of no where , standing in the road . 
 i yell , stomping both feet on the brake pedal . 
 the car squeals terribly . 
 i swerve to avoid the man , and skid out of control and veer straight for a tree line . 
 impact is inevitable . 
 i close my eyes , screaming as the huge maple nears . 
 the ghastly crash is the last sound i hear . 
 blood trickling down my throat wakes me . 
 through my blurred vision , i see lights surrounding me . 
 my head stings . 
 my neck hurts . 
 my hands bleed from cuts and broken glass coats me like a second skin . 
 i smell something burning , breaking through the fresh air in swirls . 
 i slump back in the seat . 
 the door opens and someone pulls me free from the mangled car . 
 i see the smoke now , rising from the engine , now crushed into a horse-shoe shape around the massive tree . 
 leaves and bark blanket the remaining section of the hood . 
 disoriented , i understand very little of what happened . 
 i 'm even less aware of what 's happening now . 
 each passing second i slip further from the present and deeper into a dreamlike state . 
 my vision becomes cloudy . 
 i stare up , now lying on a bed being pushed , and notice someone talking . 
 lips are moving , but i make out no sound . 
 the constant ringing in my ears drowns out everything . 
 i 'm too tired to stay awake ; too weak to fight it any longer . 
 i open my eyes now and see lights all around me . 
 bright lights , not like before . 
 i 'm inside someplace , moving on a bed . 
 i can feel the straps against my wrists and ankles keeping me in place . 
 someone appears close up . 
 my vision is still blurry , too much to make out the other 's features . 
 a hand brushes fragments of glass from my face . 
 i want to talk , i want to ask what happened and find out where i am , but i ca n't speak . 
 it hurts to even try . 
 the desire leaves me almost instantly . 
 the desire to do anything at all leaves . 
 i close my eyes , allowing the spinning to send me into slumber . 
 a terrible pinch in my left forearm wakes me suddenly . 
 it stings ! 
 i can move little ; the straps are tight . 
 i 'm alert now , in a room . 
 lights and devices are everywhere . 
 people surround me ; more rush by . 
 the look they give me is uncomforting ; some offer pity , some disgust . 
 their eyes give away too much . 
 i wonder what is wrong with me . 
 my features must be badly damaged . 
 why else would they stare in such ways ? 
 they make me feel vulnerable and self-conscious . 
 i begin to fear the worst . 
 something is horribly wrong and no one has said what . 
 voices flutter in and out like lights flashing in deep fog . 
 still no one speaks of my condition . 
 i see the shot coming this time , a long needle , a silver fluid injecting into my arm . 
 it hurts . 
 they all watch me . 
 i feel tired again . 
 i see the blackness close in on my vision , slowly washing away everything . 
 i see less of their curious eyes . 
 i see only the impenetrable dark . 
 i dream , i think . 
 i see a beautiful woman with sad eyes , standing in the daylight by a boy and a girl . 
 i can not speak to them ; i can not hear their voices . 
 the sky turns grey , their faces and bodies are slowly erased away , as if they are smoke in the wind , vanishing along with everything else . 
 the talking wakes me . 
 the room is now less bright ; only a few faces crowd the bed . 
 someone is doing something to my hands . 
 they still hurt , but also feel strange . 
 someone fixes my pillow , straightening my head , talking soothingly , asking questions maybe . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's directed to me or not . 
 i 'm still not sure of anything that 's happening . 
 a man hovers over me . 
 he 's old . 
 he holds a small light , shinning it into one eye , then the other . 
 it 's bright ! 
 i turn in response , but the old man is persistent . 
 the light shuts off and i look up to see the old man 's tan , smooth face smiling , eyes seemingly happy . 
 i stare into the black pools looking back at me and suddenly remember the old man in the road . 
 was this him ? 
 could it be ? 
 then suddenly i remember the crash . 
 images form with blinding speed , disappearing faster than they came , one after another , changing with a blink . 
 but then someone jabs me with a needle and the pain steals my focus . 
 the twinge from that rakes my body thoroughly . 
 my feet feel cold now , fingertips numbing . 
 so cold ! 
 my stomach begins to churn wildly , violently . 
 the old man reappears -- not smiling anymore -- talking . 
 there is a gleam in the old eyes -- very intense . 
 i 'm not sure that the old man is friendly anymore . 
 i 'm suddenly frightened by him . 
 others walk out of the room , leaving me with the old man . 
 the old one continues for a few seconds , and then moves away . 
 the room is now empty . 
 i rest in bed , feeling strange . 
 it 's indescribable . 
 my head slides into a dizzy spin . 
 at first , i hate it . 
 but after a few moments i give in and it takes me . 
 somehow it eases the pain . 
 it drifts me into slumber . 
 as my eyes begin to close , i try to think of where i am . 
 i can not gather a thought though . 
 i have no answer to anything . 
 my eyes shut closed . 
 `` see you soon , '' the old man 's voice whispers very close to my face , chilling me . 
 the words echo through the blackness i slip into . 
 chapter 18 darryl awoke with a start . 
 it was sometime during the night . 
 the hallway was quiet . 
 it was bright . 
 they were on alert for barton , he knew . 
 they would not give him any opportunities this time . 
 several bodies walked past his window . 
 no one entered . 
 he remembered that he was checked by several nurses once he was back in his room . 
 though he fell asleep soon thereafter , he knew that they had not left the room for some time . 
 they were busy looking him over , thoroughly searching for anything that barton had done to him . 
 but barton had not touched him . 
 it was the others in that cell that they needed to be checking . 
 those people were surely going to die . 
 darryl felt safe now -- given the circumstances . 
 his bed felt like home . 
 for the first time , he found it comfortable . 
 the light in the hall and the doctors and nurses walking by assured him that no one would be able to sneak into his room . 
 the room had no bars . 
 it was absent to dying people . 
 being locked in that cage , even for just the couple of hours he was , had changed things for him . 
 he just wished he knew what had happened to the rest of them . 
 and adelle . 
 there was still no whispering of where she was . 
 he sat upright . 
 he felt good , not nauseous like he had most of the time since arriving . 
 adelle was on his mind . 
 he had information that he needed to share . 
 whitmere had to know what was down there . 
 he had to inform the doctor so adelle could be found . 
 if she had n't been already . 
 darryl thought about it for only a second before he tossed the sheet off of him and moved out of bed . 
 his mind was made up . 
 time could not be wasted on waiting for someone to come to him . 
 he walked to the door . 
 staring out into the hall , he saw two men , doctors he presumed , standing near a desk just a few yards away . 
 he tried to open the door , but it was locked . 
 he thought it was odd , but instantly began to pound on the window . 
 he saw the two men turn towards him immediately . 
 they rushed through the hall and opened his door . 
 `` i need to speak to whitmere , '' darryl said urgently . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 one said . 
 they looked concerned . 
 darryl shook his head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 but i need to tell him what i found down there . 
 he needs to know . '' 
 `` what is this about ? '' 
 the other asked . 
 `` did you find adelle ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 the men looked at each other quizzically . 
 they had no clue who she was . 
 `` blonde hair . 
 my age . '' 
 darryl offered . 
 `` doctor barton had taken her . '' 
 they understood now , but could n't help . 
 `` no . 
 you 're the only patient found . '' 
 one said . 
 `` alive , '' the other added . 
 darryl 's heart sank . 
 now he felt nauseous . 
 the two doctors said something about the dying patients that were found locked up that they could not help . 
 barton had changed them . 
 their insides were altered beyond functioning . 
 all of them died . 
 but darryl had only heard bits and pieces of what they said . 
 he was too lost thinking that adelle was dead . 
 he staggered back , leaning himself against the wall . 
 it was all wrong , he thought . 
 how did they not find her ? 
 the door was closing . 
 the doctors were walking away . 
 darryl turned in a panic . 
 `` send doctor whitmere ! 
 i need to talk to him ! 
 please ! '' 
 `` settle down . 
 go back to bed . '' 
 a voice shot back . 
 they walked out of sight leaving darryl to wonder if he would see the doctor before morning . 
 he stood looking into the hall for several more minutes before turning back and lying in bed once again . 
 he was anxious and worried . 
 the door opened suddenly and darryl jumped with a shout . 
 doctor whitmere stalked over to him . 
 he appeared to be in a hurry and had no time for humor or anything of no importance . 
 darryl swallowed hard . 
 he had not seen whitmere look this way before . 
 `` darryl , i 'm glad to see you are awake finally . '' 
 whitmere stopped next to the bed . 
 his eyes were intense . 
 `` sorry , but i never got to tell you about what had happened . '' 
 whitmere 's facial expression did not alter . 
 `` you were mumbling something when they had found you and brought you to me . 
 i did what i could to decipher your words , but in the end your desire to sleep won . '' 
 darryl sat upright , wide awake . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 i 'm sure you underwent a lot before they found you . '' 
 `` i was just worried that i 'd never be found . 
 or after it was too late . '' 
 `` what have you to tell me , darryl ? '' 
 `` i was locked in a room with bars , like a jail cell . 
 there were a few others in there with me . 
 they were sick . 
 their bodies did n't look right , and they smelled like they were already dying . 
 i saw one die , actually . 
 he moaned like it hurt so bad , and then he dropped to the floor , hitting his head on the floor , and died . 
 it was just ... awful . 
 `` another patient talked to me . 
 he told me all kinds of things . 
 but then he died too . 
 i do n't know who escaped with me . 
 i never looked back . 
 i ran thinking i was heading for barton 's lab , or where he was taking the patients . 
 i thought i could find adelle and save her . 
 the last thing i remembered what feeling the cold floor as i reached some steps . '' 
 `` the patient you were speaking with , what did he say to you ? '' 
 get to the point , is what you mean . 
 darryl saw the expression -- the look of annoyance . 
 he must have been sleeping prior to this visit , darryl thought . 
 `` he was crazy . 
 he told me things like barton had injected them with things to make their bodies change . 
 that barton was working on a cure for himself and the patients were guinea pigs . 
 but he did n't care , because they were already dying . 
 he said the same thing had happened to barton a long time ago . '' 
 darryl looked right into the old man 's eyes . 
 they were dark . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 but that 's irrelevant . 
 he was our captive then . 
 tests were necessary . 
 not just for our protection , but for his as well . 
 his lungs would not have sustained our air , for example . 
 and whatever changes did occur in him only helped our studies further . '' 
 `` what did he do to those patients to change them like that ? '' 
 `` darryl , just be glad you are out of harms reach . 
 if you were left in his care for a few more hours ... well , i doubt you could even imagine . '' 
 `` adelle is though . 
 you need to find her . '' 
 darryl said with urgency . 
 `` darryl , did you have any sort of contact with doctor barton ? '' 
 whitmere sighed . 
 `` no . '' 
 darryl said , but then changed his answer . 
 `` wait . 
 he did show up and take a patient . 
 i asked him to take me . 
 but he did n't . '' 
 `` did he say why that was ? '' 
 darryl 's head shook . 
 `` the other patient told me it was because he needed dying patients . 
 he said he would rather die than have barton experiment on him again . '' 
 whitmere looked away . 
 he was thinking of what barton was doing , if he was succeeding , rather . 
 did he find his cure ? 
 or does he still need to test . 
 nothing in darryl 's blood samples showed that barton had begun work in him . 
 if that was true , then the chances were good that barton was still failing . 
 and if that was true , he would need further testing . 
 further testing meant darryl . 
 darryl was the only candidate left . 
 would he have the nerve to come for darryl again ? 
 now ? 
 yes , he would . 
 and that will be his downfall . 
 `` do you have any news on adelle ? '' 
 darryl asked after a few moments of silence . 
 whitmere was annoyed . 
 `` assume that she is dead . 
 or will be shortly . 
 i would not hope to see her again if i were you . '' 
 darryl frowned . 
 it 's not what he wanted to hear . 
 whitmere groaned . 
 `` is there anything else ? 
 anything that the other patients have said that i should know about ? '' 
 `` no . 
 there was n't much conversation . 
 i was more concerned about getting out of there . '' 
 `` and we are grateful that you did , '' the old one said with a smile . 
 `` okay , you 've had a strenuous day . 
 i 'll let you get back to sleep . '' 
 `` are you still searching for her ? '' 
 darryl lay back , watching the other moved slightly for the door . 
 he knew whitmere would leave now . 
 `` our top concern right now is doctor barton . 
 if she is discovered , that is fine and wonderful . 
 but right now , he is our greatest threat . 
 and he must be found . '' 
 whitmere turned and walked for the door . 
 as he opened it , he turned back . 
 `` darryl , i will have to do some extensive testing on you tomorrow . 
 get some rest . '' 
 without another word , he left the room . 
 darryl looked away from the door and up to the ceiling . 
 he wished he knew where adelle was . 
 he grew angry with himself for not finding her while he was down there . 
 it had been his chance . 
 he rolled onto his side . 
 sleep would not come easy . 
 just as he was closing his eyes , the hall lights dimmed to almost nothing at all . 
 darryl jumped out of bed in disbelief . 
 his heart pounded . 
 he swallowed hard , rushing to the door . 
 he looked out , expecting to see the alien barton coming for him . 
 instead , he saw whitmere . 
 the doctor was walking with a nurse past his door . 
 neither were concerned . 
 they walked out of sight . 
 the hall was empty . 
 the lights were off , save for two on each side of his door , which only shined with a faint dull glow . 
 darryl frowned . 
 the light had been his ally . 
 he was scared . 
 he reached the door handle and tugged . 
 it was n't locked . 
 it gave in smoothly . 
 he quickly shut it -- firmly . 
 he wanted to hear it lock . 
 he pressed against it , still waiting . 
 it gave no sound . 
 he tugged on it again , and it opened . 
 now he felt small and vulnerable . 
 why would they shut the lights off ? 
 they know he 's out there . 
 panic began to set in . 
 his mind raced with a hundred scenarios -- all of them leading to his death . 
 dark whispers taunted him . 
 there would be nothing positive about this . 
 an idea clicked inside his head then . 
 it was brighter than all of his dark paranoia . 
 the door was open . 
 he could leave . 
 he could sneak out and search for adelle . 
 it was crazy , he knew . 
 but almost immediately he began to reason it out . 
 and he did n't get the feeling from doctor whitmere that finding adelle was of any importance . 
 they may not even be searching for her . 
 it was almost as if they did n't really care . 
 but darryl did . 
 and the more he thought about it , the more it made sense . 
 before he even realized what he was doing , his hands were on the handle and he was pulling it open . 
 he saw no one . 
 he opened it further , looking down the hall on both sides -- no one . 
 it was now or never . 
 his pulse quickened . 
 his heart beat faster . 
 he stepped away from his door carefully and moved swiftly into the darkness . 
 chapter 19 a single light shined dimly near the far corner of doctor whitmere 's office , several feet behind where the doctor sat . 
 he stared blankly at diagrams of human dna chains that were plastered against his cabinet doors . 
 his mind was overwhelmed with thoughts of his partner for the last decade . 
 barton needed to be found . 
 he needed to be destroyed . 
 the council would not allow barton 's existence outside of his care , his control . 
 they would make certain that no further mishaps could take place . 
 they had urged whitmere to remove him twice before , but he had talked them out of it each time . 
 he told them how important barton 's knowledge was to their experiments , to their goals . 
 they had listened and allowed whitmere his project then . 
 now things will change . 
 the council would not listen to his pleas this time , he knew . 
 his meeting with them in the morning would be different . 
 he was accepting that they may even punish him for allowing the mess to happen in the first place . 
 it did n't have to end this way , he thought angrily . 
 whitmere thought about it for a long while . 
 barton was smart . 
 he was calculated . 
 he was an enemy . 
 even without having his memory return , he was dangerous to them . 
 barton would not be talked out of anything now . 
 he would not see their way . 
 he would fight them to the death . 
 and they would win . 
 whitmere sighed and closed his eyes . 
 barton must die . 
 and yet , at the same time , whitmere did n't want to lose him . 
 he thought back . 
 they had not captured a human with barton 's intellect before . 
 once they had unlocked his mind , barton began evolutionizing their protocol . 
 it was a new way of thinking . 
 he showed them things that they never would have discovered on their own . 
 he became the perfect fit . 
 `` and what are you up to now ? '' 
 he said out loud to himself . 
 `` have you given yourself what i 've promised ? 
 have you found your cure , become yourself and no longer mine ? 
 you have , have n't you ? '' 
 it was a possibility , whitmere understood . 
 if barton had n't changed yet , he would . 
 whitmere smiled then , in spite of himself , out of full blown jealousy , because he never would have been able to create the cure for barton . 
 he had never intended on finding one , anyway . 
 the door opened suddenly . 
 it brought whitmere out of his chair and to his feet at once . 
 nurse jean rushed inside ; her head turning in search of him until their eyes met and she shook her head . 
 she gave whitmere an `` i told you so '' look . 
 `` he left . '' 
 `` barton ? '' 
 `` no , the patient ; the male ; your bait . 
 your trap backfired . '' 
 jean was irritated . 
 `` he walked out of his room and rushed down the hall just after you left . '' 
 whitmere was confused . 
 `` where does he think he 's going ? '' 
 `` your plan failed . 
 i am turning the lights and locks back on . '' 
 `` no . 
 not yet . '' 
 whitmere walked over to her . 
 he saw the frustration in her eyes . 
 his smile was anything but playful . 
 `` no , no . 
 i know where he 's going . 
 this will work out still . 
 instead of barton coming for him , he 'll lead us right to barton . '' 
 jean was not sold . 
 turning off the security and the lights so barton would work his way back into the patient 's ward had been a bad idea . 
 `` i do n't follow . '' 
 `` the girl . 
 he 's looking for the girl . '' 
 jean 's face lifted with curiosity . 
 `` he 's remembered ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's in love . '' 
 jean grew angry then . 
 `` this was a mistake . 
 i told you we should not have taken them both . 
 what will you do now ? 
 what will you do when he finds her ? 
 i told you this ... feeling they have can not be contained . 
 you can not suppress it . 
 you can not burry it . 
 when he finds her and their feelings come back you will have lost both of them . 
 then there will be three of them out of your control . 
 the council will be furious ! '' 
 `` calm down , jean . '' 
 whitmere raised his hand , signaling for her to stop ranting . 
 `` do n't tell me what to do ! '' 
 jean 's face sparked with anger . 
 `` our race is dying ! 
 and instead of ensuring a breeding of longetivity , you 're playing selfish games ! '' 
 jean glared strongly . 
 she hated whitmere . 
 `` i am going to the council to share my feelings and insight . 
 if i were you , i would find the male before he finds what he is looking for and make sure barton is placed where he should have been long ago . '' 
 whitmere 's smile was cold . 
 `` you 've blinded yourself because of your feelings for him . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` barton . 
 you have allowed feelings for him to cloud your judgment . 
 am i wrong ? '' 
 jean spoke cold and soft . 
 `` you do n't know anything about them . 
 you never bothered to learn from them . '' 
 `` and the point from that would be what ? 
 to live as one ? '' 
 whitmere saw her as pathetic . 
 `` you 're a failed scientist , jean . 
 leave this to me . '' 
 jean hardened . 
 `` the council pulled me from the project after he was a year in progress . 
 i was needed elsewhere . '' 
 whitmere laughed . 
 `` the council had nothing to do with it . 
 i demanded it . 
 you lost your edge . 
 when barton became what he is and the tests were complete , you changed . 
 your demeanor , your focus , everything . 
 i saw it back then . 
 in your eyes , in the way you spoke to him , in everything that you did with him , i saw it . 
 you stared at him as if he came from your womb . 
 as if you were to protect your creation from all harm , losing sight that he was still nothing more than a patient . '' 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 a melancholy look crept past her angry eyes . 
 whitmere stopped short from standing too close . 
 jean stiffened . 
 whitmere continued . 
 `` i could not let your feelings interfere . 
 we both knew there would be a day when he would be destroyed . 
 a patient is a patient is a patient , jean . 
 nothing more . '' 
 `` hypocrite ! 
 you keep him for yourself . '' 
 jean 's eyes started to water . 
 `` you 're nothing without him . 
 i can see that clearly . 
 you promise him what he wants the most -- what you would never even consider giving to him , only to keep him working for you , to keep in favor with the council . '' 
 `` the council is old and foolish . 
 because of them and their actions we have died . 
 what i am doing is making our race survive ! 
 me ! '' 
 they were quiet for a moment . 
 jean shook her head . 
 `` you 're mad . '' 
 `` the council needs to know only what they need to know , jean . 
 the patients will be found ; the male is simply doing what he thinks is best for her . 
 he believes she is in barton 's possession . 
 and because he knows everything , he will not side with barton . 
 if anything , he will only help us capture the other two . 
 it will all work out . 
 i promise you . '' 
 jean shook her head . 
 `` what did you tell him ? '' 
 `` only what he needed to know . '' 
 `` he did n't need to know anything , '' jean insisted . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 jean 's irritation threatened to diminish his outlook . 
 `` whatever sort of game you are playing , it needs to stop . 
 erase their memories and alter what you can . 
 and try to figure out how to do everything without barton . '' 
 `` i did what was necessary , despite what you think . 
 barton needs to be found against all odds . 
 me telling the male that barton is an alien only allows me to use him against barton . 
 i know what i 'm doing , jean . '' 
 `` you told the patient barton is an alien ? '' 
 jean snorted . 
 `` of course . 
 it is the truth . '' 
 `` they are the aliens ! '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 `` only to us , jean . 
 we are alien to aliens . '' 
 `` you risk too much . '' 
 jean turned for the door , disproval coated her face . 
 `` this needs to end . 
 the council will not be happy . '' 
 jean stormed out of the lab . 
 whitmere frowned slightly . 
 she had been a thorn in his side for years . 
 he thought of how he could remove her from his skin . 
 for a long while he thought nothing else . 
 chapter 20 adelle froze . 
 shadows entered the room a second before the guards arrived . 
 it was too late to run , too late to hide . 
 it was too late to do anything . 
 in the back of her head , she expected doctor barton to descend from the vent and somehow save her . 
 but it was too late for even that . 
 four men dressed in red uniforms rushed in . 
 upon seeing her , they came to a sudden halt . 
 adelle caught them by surprise , standing by herself , eyes filled with terror . 
 adelle panicked . 
 `` help me ! 
 doctor barton was here ! '' 
 she cried . 
 the trick worked . 
 it had captured their attention , changed their focus . 
 they turned away from her quickly and began to search the room . 
 two of them stood next to her , not allowing her to leave . 
 they needed to take her back to the upper levels and report their finding . 
 adelle knew it was over if she did not act . 
 she could not go back with them . 
 and they would make her . 
 `` where did he go ? '' 
 the one closest to her asked . 
 his face was mean . 
 his eyes gleamed . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 adelle pointed out the door and to the left . 
 two guards rushed out immediately . 
 the other two hesitated , deciding who would escort her . 
 they argued briefly . 
 neither wanted to touch the girl , and the real reward would only come with barton 's capture . 
 turning in adelle meant one of them would be removed from a shot at glory . 
 but the shorter guard , the one with the flabby skin and pointy nose , gave in and accepted his fate . 
 the other bolted from the room immediately . 
 adelle heard the guard grunt in response . 
 he reached for her arm . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 she could feel the anxiety explode from deep within her , speeding throughout her body , as she punched the guard in the head with everything that she had . 
 the guard was caught unprepared , struck hard enough to knock him unconscious before he hit the floor . 
 adelle shrieked . 
 it was an explosion of fear and adrenaline mixed with the slight pain in her hand . 
 it was n't until she saw him lying on the floor unmoving that she realized what she had done . 
 the other guards were yelling at each other down the hall . 
 they were still searching . 
 she had a few moments alone . 
 but the fear paralyzed her with uncertainty . 
 she stood motionless for far too long . 
 she still felt trapped . 
 if she tried to flee now , the guards in the hall would have her . 
 this time they would not be fooled . 
 if she waits another minute , the guard on the floor would come to . 
 she hated the thought of what would happen then . 
 one guard yelled in the hall , further down from the room adelle was in . 
 she raced to the door and snuck a quick glance . 
 far down the hall to her left the guards were entering another room . 
 good , she thought . 
 she began acting before fully thinking anything through . 
 she moved fast , pulling and yanking the body across the floor . 
 she would hide him , bind his hands and gag him . 
 when there was a chance , the others would get the same treatment . 
 she looked around the room and saw a cabinet . 
 it was short and undersized , but would have to do . 
 she stuffed his body inside the cabinet and closed the doors . 
 she saw a few short iron rods on the countertop . 
 she used one to bar the cabinet doors shut , and took the other two rods with her . 
 now what ? 
 she rushed to the door , carefully peering out once again . 
 it was clear . 
 with a rod in each hand , she stepped into the hall . 
 she would run as fast as she could out of there , she thought . 
 but to where ? 
 it did n't matter . 
 the guards did not give her time to ponder . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 one yelled . 
 `` get her ! '' 
 another followed . 
 adelle turned in response . 
 somehow all of the guards were closing in fast . 
 how did i miss them ? 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 another yelled . 
 adelle squeezed the rods hard . 
 she slowly inhaled deep . 
 wait , she told herself . 
 let them find me innocent . 
 a little closer . 
 the guards slowed their approach as if they were capturing an animal and did n't want to frighten it . 
 adelle heard them whispering as they circled her . 
 `` how do we kill it ? '' 
 one hushed . 
 `` no . 
 whitmere wants them alive . '' 
 `` what if we have to ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` cover their mouths , or squeeze their necks . 
 they die easily . '' 
 one answered . 
 adelle shivered . 
 their attempts at secrecy failed . 
 she took offense to their last remark . 
 she would die hard . 
 slowly they moved in on her . 
 her back was against the wall , and out before her in every direction stood an advancing guard . 
 she remained still , waiting . 
 her eyes met each of theirs in short , quick glances . 
 they were hard and purposeful , filled with hate , and something adelle found frightening . 
 then all at once they rushed her . 
 darryl contained his search to the darkest halls . 
 if the lights were dim , faint , or out , he was there . 
 he knew it would lead him to barton . 
 he saw no one in his roaming . 
 the halls were empty . 
 he found that odd . 
 he did n't have a good idea where everyone would be . 
 someone surely must be working . 
 but the evidence all pointed to him being alone . 
 he had left his room about ten minutes ago , turned down a few hallways , descended a staircase , and now stood in a long corridor with barred doors on both sides . 
 it looked familiar . 
 he thought he had found the hall that barton had him locked away in . 
 it gave him hope . 
 he moved slowly and cautiously , peering into the near darkness ahead and straining his ears for any movements . 
 he passed by two rooms that were empty . 
 silence fell over everything . 
 almost near the end of the hall , he saw that it branched to his left and right . 
 he stood at its center for a few minutes trying to decide which way to go . 
 he played his instincts and went left . 
 more doors , more silence . 
 then he heard something . 
 it was faint ; he could n't tell what it was . 
 darryl stopped and froze . 
 he could hear his heart pound against his ribs . 
 he waited for a few moments in silence . 
 then he heard it again . 
 he turned , realizing that he had went the wrong way . 
 he moved quicker , knowing the noise was much further away . 
 he still was n't sure what it was . 
 and then he heard a grunt -- hard and terrible . 
 it was filled with anguish and exertion . 
 a fight , he realized . 
 adelle ! 
 he moved faster . 
 the noise began to filter ; there were several distinct sounds . 
 a man 's voice , angry and violent , stood out above the others . 
 barton ! 
 adelle rose from the floor . 
 she checked herself for injury . 
 she did n't bother looking down ; she knew they were all dead . 
 she had made sure of that . 
 even though she was not bleeding , she was hurt . 
 her left arm had been badly struck and she could do nothing but dangle it limply . 
 but she was alive . 
 the gleam in her eyes matched the fire within . 
 she backed away from the dead guards carefully . 
 she needed to hide . 
 she needed time to heal and recover . 
 the rooms in the hall would all be searched , she knew . 
 if she stayed , she would be found . 
 immediately she thought of barton . 
 if she could manage to get into the vent shaft again she could wait it out safely . 
 she walked back into the room and stood below the ventilation shaft . 
 the grate lay at her feet as she stared up into the black opening . 
 it was ten feet high , she thought . 
 there was no table or chair to stand on either . 
 she sighed wearily . 
 `` barton ! '' 
 she whispered . 
 no response came back . 
 it was too risky to call him again . 
 it dawned on her that when the guards entered the room again and found the grate lying on the floor that the vent would have to be searched . 
 their concealment was in jeopardy . 
 she had to find a way up into it again , and place the grate back . 
 then she would find barton . 
 she picked up the grate , finding it was heavier than it looked . 
 she grunted in pain from her injured left arm , but kept going . 
 she could cry later , she told herself . 
 take it to the next room , or the room after , or the one after that , until she found a way up into the vent . 
 holding it in front of her , adelle began to leave the room . 
 darryl found the hall to be brighter than the previous , though it was still pretty dim . 
 the reason for the light , he knew , was because work could not be performed in the dark . 
 barton was here . 
 he checked a few rooms , finding them empty , before he saw something in the hall . 
 he stayed close to the wall as he moved towards it . 
 he made out forms -- bodies . 
 the closer he came , the more evident it was . 
 four men lay dead , bleeding from deep wounds . 
 his heart raced with adrenaline . 
 his breathing quickened . 
 his eyes searched frantically . 
 then he heard a noise . 
 he pressed himself flat against the wall just inches from the doorway . 
 from inside the room something moved . 
 someone was working . 
 barton , he knew . 
 darryl heard steps then , getting closer . 
 do it and do it fast . 
 do n't give him a chance . 
 at his feet , next to a cold , lifeless hand , laid a rod . 
 adelle struggled to carry the grate , hoping that the room next door would offer a table to stand on . 
 she moved as quietly as she could . 
 it was going to be hard , but it was the only way . 
 she needed to get back to barton . 
 she needed to wake him and get him to help find darryl . 
 she needed him to get them out of there . 
 please , god . 
 please . 
 she was terrified of failing . 
 the only thought running through her head was finding darryl . 
 as she stepped into the hall , she heard a grunt . 
 darryl closed his eyes . 
 barton was stepping through the doorway . 
 the iron rod was already swinging down . 
 he felt it strike hard , heard someone yelp , and then heard the body hit the floor along with a metal object . 
 darryl smiled with relief . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 looking down , he saw a body underneath a ventilation grate . 
 but he had done it . 
 he had stopped barton . 
 adelle would be safe now , he thought . 
 they all would be . 
 he reached down and took hold of the grate , lifting it up and tossing it aside . 
 his life drained out in a painful gasp . 
 he dropped to his knees like a falling tree . 
 his mouth stayed open in shock . 
 he had not a sound to give . 
 he could feel his heart twist and churn while it broke . 
 he was going numb all over . 
 his hands swept the stray bands of hair off adelle 's face . 
 he had not a thought left . 
 so lost in disbelief , he missed hearing the eruption in the room , the slamming of wooden doors , the angry hiss of a man set loose . 
 `` adelle , '' he sobbed softly . 
 `` can you hear me ? 
 adelle ? 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he was aware then of someone standing in the doorway . 
 a voice said something , but it failed to register . 
 in utter confusion , darryl looked up . 
 the last thing he saw was a large fist hailing down towards him . 
 chapter 21 his heart beat slow and steady . 
 his chest rose and fell in slight , relaxed motions ; his breathing was calm . 
 his body lay motionless , his mind lost in slumber , in a quiet peacefulness that had not existed to him in years . 
 his dreams were a mix of memories intertwined with fond happenings . 
 he would have kept the illusion longer than it lasted . 
 his wife was there . 
 his kids were there . 
 the past ten years did not exist . 
 doctor barton yawned deeply , his body stirring awake . 
 he casually stretched his arms and legs as the dream faded . 
 his eyes slowly opened . 
 he blinked a few times to clear his vision , unable to see anything but the black wash surrounding him . 
 but it was useless . 
 lying on his back , he turned his head to the side wondering if he was dead . 
 the darkness in the vent blanketed him completely . 
 confusion turned to panic . 
 he abruptly sat upright , wanting light , wanting to see clearly , wanting to know what his surroundings were . 
 but as his body turned , he felt the metal of the vent shaft enclosing him , and reality slowly set in . 
 then he noticed the thick , stale air . 
 it brought consciousness with it . 
 doctor barton scrambled around , feeling like he was dangling from a noose , like he was trapped underwater , so far from the surface . 
 he saw the light at the end of the tunnel ; the faint rays of hope not yet diminished by the isolation drowning him . 
 he stared through the vent , focused on the dim , blurry light offered far beyond where he sat . 
 but he could n't move . 
 instead , he cried . 
 it was uncontrollable , hard , and painful . 
 he curled into a fetal position and sobbed in anguish . 
 his eyes squeezed shut so tight that it made his head throb . 
 his nose bled . 
 his body shivered . 
 he prayed hard for it to be a dream , trying to will it to happen . 
 jesus , you can do it . 
 let it be a dream . 
 wake me up ! 
 take me home ! 
 for several long minutes it lasted . 
 when he had no tears left to shed , he quieted , laying still , feeling sick . 
 it was nearly thirty minutes before he moved . 
 he wiped the snot and tears off his face and sat upright . 
 he missed his wife and kids . 
 the last day with them remained in his thoughts , replaying moments and conversations over and over . 
 he began to rethink all of the decisions he made that day . 
 he would have done so many things differently . 
 his eyes stung . 
 he stared towards the dim light and thought about what he had missed in the last ten years . 
 they would not be waiting for him to return , he knew . 
 they had given up hope long ago . 
 the ache in his heart threatened to prevent him from doing anything but curling back into a ball and waiting for death to claim him . 
 the pain was not physical , but everything else . 
 he struggled for air for a few moments before he gathered himself and calmed . 
 the pain did not leave . 
 and the mountain before him said neither could he . 
 you ca n't leave . 
 you have no place to go . 
 whitmere 's voice whispered coldly . 
 he shook his head . 
 his mind was made . 
 he was leaving . 
 barton began crawling towards the light . 
 his chest was sore . 
 he felt oddly strange inside . 
 but he knew the transition was complete . 
 the blood infusion overrode what they had done to him . 
 he had succeeded . 
 his hand brushed across something . 
 he carefully grasped it , feeling it , knowing it was the injection gun . 
 he put it into his pocket . 
 suddenly he realized that adelle was not with him . 
 he had no idea how long he had been out . 
 she could have waited for hours before leaving , he thought . 
 where would she go ? 
 why would she leave ? 
 did they take her ? 
 but his questions had no answers . 
 surely she would know how foolish it was to leave the vent . 
 if she were caught again , there would be no saving her . 
 but she was n't trying to save herself , he realized . 
 it was him ; her husband . 
 she went looking for him . 
 she would risk her life to save his . 
 he crawled for a while , until he reached the light source : a hole in the vent floor . 
 the cover was missing . 
 he could see down into the room below clearly . 
 he saw no indication of adelle . 
 he did not even see the grate covering . 
 barton frowned . 
 he sighed heavily . 
 he had a bad feeling . 
 he knew he had to exit the vent in order to find adelle . 
 but roaming around while everyone was looking for him did n't sit well in his already churning stomach . 
 he could leave and save himself . 
 but even before the idea had fully developed he was dismissing it . 
 he would not leave her to that fate . 
 he became mad then . 
 mad at the circumstances that allowed him to be in this situation . 
 he moved closer about the opening , preparing to jump down into the room . 
 he allowed his anger to boil , to fuel him , to push him towards the edge . 
 then he saw two wooden doors fly open and watched a man crawl out of a cabinet . 
 it happened so fast that barton was stunned and did n't move . 
 he watched the man rush for the door . 
 a second later , he heard the man yelling . 
 it lasted a few moments , and then all was quiet . 
 barton moved himself back a little from the opening . 
 his eyebrows slanted downwards . 
 he could hear shouts from other guards coming . 
 something had happened . 
 he could hear some celebration in their voices . 
 they found her , he thought . 
 he felt a sinking in his stomach . 
 if the girl had gotten herself captured , then they would be coming for him too . 
 staring down into the room through the opening , he realized that the guards would look in the vent first . 
 he had to move . 
 he scrambled away then . 
 good luck , girl . 
 the summons came as he expected , though earlier than anticipated . 
 normally the council would not call a meeting this early in the morning . 
 whitmere blinked slowly . 
 it did n't matter . 
 better to get it out in the open now . 
 he stole through the empty hallway like another shadow . 
 the lights were dim . 
 most of the doctors and nurses were out resting ; the guards were searching the lower chambers for the alien . 
 he entered through the double doors and began the walk through the hall leading into the council 's meeting chamber . 
 he expected to be scolded . 
 he did n't think they would give him much room to speak . 
 they certainly would not entertain any notions continuing barton 's allowance . 
 whitmere shrugged . 
 it was going to end anyway . 
 time to face the music , he thought , walking into the dark chamber . 
 grumbling hushed with his arrival . 
 the room was circular with rows of seats high above him in the wall . 
 the council sat staring at him -- old faces , stern and disciplined . 
 the oldest and wisest . 
 the ones who 'll decide his fate . 
 `` greeting , council . '' 
 whitmere began with a nod to them . 
 some responded in the same fashion . 
 others voiced their disappointment for being there . 
 `` doctor whitmere , it is in our inconvenience that we have called you here at this hour . 
 but our growing concerns for this matter have forced us to make a drastic decision . '' 
 an older male spoke with disdain . 
 he was obviously annoyed . 
 others in the council whispered their agreement . 
 whitmere stood quietly . 
 `` it 's been reported to us that your project has failed , that some of your patients have come up missing , presumably in the hands of the doctor you have created and is now out of your control . 
 is this correct ? '' 
 a council member asked . 
 whitmere thought of jean right away . 
 she had informed them . 
 no matter , he thought . 
 whitmere nodded carefully . 
 `` in part . 
 i do not think things are as far out of reach as you have been told . '' 
 `` the alien is missing ! 
 how much farther out of control does it need to be ? '' 
 shouted a member . 
 `` what about your patients ? 
 are they missing as well ? '' 
 whitmere grunted . 
 `` some patients were under his care . 
 they will be found and examined . 
 they are of no concern to us . 
 they are already initiated and in phase one . '' 
 `` you should have given us council at the first indication of trouble , whitmere . '' 
 another added . 
 the council members began talking over one another , shouting their displeasures at whitmere . 
 `` this council has decided . 
 we are going to do what we should have done long ago . 
 this project will affect our entire race and must be dealt with extreme concentration and no error . 
 we are structuring change from this point forward . 
 first of , barton shall be found and terminated . 
 we will decide later on whether or not you will continue to head up the research for this project . '' 
 whitmere grimaced . 
 `` there is no other that has experience . 
 putting another in charge would deviate our course . 
 barton will be found and removed from this matter . 
 but i can not see this continuing further under someone else 's direction . '' 
 `` you may not be continuing anything , doctor . 
 do n't forget your place . '' 
 whitmere kept his anger just at the tip of his tongue . 
 his eyes burned like fire as he challenged each of them momentarily . 
 `` we understand that this has been your project since the beginning , doctor whitmere . 
 however , we will entertain all considerations at this point . '' 
 another stated . 
 `` you will return to us when barton is found . '' 
 someone else added . 
 the council went quiet . 
 whitmere was being dismissed . 
 he felt his face get hot . 
 barton had cost him . 
 barton had embarrassed him . 
 barton would pay dearly . 
 `` i will return shortly then , '' he said and then left . 
 whitmere turned and walked out . 
 the only thought running through his head was killing barton . 
 chapter 22 it was dark and sweltering where steve barton exited the ventilation system . 
 he had crawled for as long as he could , making sure he was well away from the room where the guards would be looking before he kicked out an air duct opening and dropped down into a room . 
 the air was thick and musty . 
 the room was black with a steady thrumming from somewhere . 
 then he realized it was everywhere . 
 in the darkness , he saw nothing . 
 barton fumbled his way past tall pillars until he reached a wall . 
 the wall ran for a great length before it reached a corner ; barton turned with it . 
 within a few minutes he reached a door and a light sensor . 
 waving his hand before it activated the lights to come on . 
 rows of lights slowly lightened against the ceiling . 
 barton 's curiousness kept him from dimming the lights and exiting the room . 
 before the lights could fully brighten the room , he was walking towards its center . 
 tall towers were everywhere , draped with thick chords , winding and overlapping . 
 as the lights brightened , he saw the pillars clearly . 
 he stopped walking , staring in awe . 
 massive cylinder tubes ran to the ceiling , several feet in circumference , filled with a strange liquid . 
 barton pressed against the glass of one , peering into it , trying to discover what lay hidden within . 
 the liquid offered little -- it was dark and thick . 
 yet something moved within . 
 for him , it was like looking into a microscope at some pond water , watching the tiny creatures within . 
 the more he focused on one area , the more he saw . 
 tiny , microscopic movements , squirming inside , moving quickly , worm-like , but unlike any worm he had ever seen . 
 he was fascinated . 
 the room was vast , stretching for a hundred of yards . 
 it was something important , he thought . 
 the size of the tubes and the sheer thickness of the glass encasing the liquids made him think a leak of any sort would be dangerous . 
 placing his palms against the tube , he could feel the vibration , the movement of the liquid inside , and the noise produced from it . 
 the liquid was not being kept in the tube , he realized , but rather vesseled within . 
 staring up , he noticed that some of the tubes ran together , connecting , before disappearing into the ceiling . 
 barton did n't understand it . 
 he decided to trace one of the tubes , heading towards the center of the room . 
 then he heard something . 
 he hid behind a cylinder . 
 the noise came and went in no particular rhythm or pattern . 
 a tink here , a clank there , moments of silence in between . 
 then he realized it was metal objects moving against each other . 
 tools , he thought at once . 
 someone was in the room . 
 he remained still for several minutes before he heard the small clinks of someone working . 
 he risked a quick look past his protective post . 
 he was right . 
 further away there was a man with some tools doing something to a metal box that housed a string of wires . 
 he was working close to the door . 
 barton could not escape unnoticed . 
 he pressed his body close to the tube again , allowing enough room to be able to watch the man . 
 better to know exactly where he is at all times , barton thought . 
 for several long minutes barton stood quietly , motionless against the towering cylinder , waiting , and watching the mechanic toil and tinker with a small electrical device , hearing the constant sound of the solvent moving through the tubes around him . 
 then the man moved out of sight . 
 barton panicked . 
 he moved to the other side and stole a glance but saw nothing of the mechanic . 
 it could be that he left the room , but barton thought against it . 
 he heard something move then , closer . 
 he turned instantly . 
 the man had just walked past a set of holding tubes when he spotted barton . 
 for a second , neither moved . 
 the mechanic had a hand full of small tool-like objects and a face full of wonder . 
 barton had clearly caught him by surprise . 
 barton turned full towards the shorter , narrow being , bald like the others , his face etched in annoyance . 
 he would kill the alien before he could warn the others . 
 barton prepared himself . 
 instead , the other nodded in a greeting fashion and continued about his business . 
 barton was stunned . 
 `` sorry , doctor . 
 i thought i was alone . '' 
 the mechanic called out . 
 his shoulder and head twitched every few seconds , stemming from a giant lump on his neck . 
 `` me too . '' 
 barton calmed . 
 `` you 're working alone ? '' 
 `` always do . '' 
 the mechanic sighed audibly . 
 `` sometimes that 's for the best . '' 
 barton casually walked over to him . 
 `` maybe for you , '' he replied to himself . 
 he looked at barton watching him closely and his annoyance escalated . 
 `` what exactly are you doing in here anyway ? '' 
 `` i was just checking things over , '' barton smiled slightly . 
 he needed to leave . 
 `` you people have no idea what happens down here anymore . '' 
 the mechanic finished his toilings , set his tools into a pouch , stood and turned to face barton . 
 he was mad . 
 doctors and those in higher ranks had little to do with the happenings of the ship . 
 they never give him the due respect . 
 why should he give them theirs ? 
 the mechanic continued with bitterness . 
 `` i know who you are . 
 i know what you 're doing here . 
 and i do n't care for it . '' 
 barton paused . 
 the look the other gave him was nothing friendly . 
 barton took a deep breath and stepped closer . 
 `` you know who i am ? '' 
 the mechanic spit . 
 `` i do n't care who you are anymore . 
 you walk on my toes , i 'll walk on yours . 
 you 're no more important than i am , than us , who are stuck down here doing the dirty work . 
 you people forget that we 're even here , until you need something . 
 even then , we get treated inferior . 
 but without us , where would you be ? 
 we take our work seriously . 
 and yet here you are , inspecting on your own , looking over me as if i did n't have a clue . 
 but i 'm not as gimp as you think . 
 i know more about this than any of you up there . '' 
 barton kept his intense gaze . 
 `` i did n't mean to offend you . 
 i was merely curious . '' 
 `` they 're fine , '' the mechanic stated as barton turned away . 
 when barton turned back , he continued . 
 `` the coil problem we had was fixed . 
 by us . 
 not that anyone was concerned . 
 not like we matter . '' 
 barton nodded . 
 no need to add gas to the flame . 
 he placed his hand on a tube and felt the vibration . 
 `` what can you teach me about this ? 
 what can you show me ? '' 
 the mechanic stared at barton for a second , before he realized barton was serious . 
 he chuckled then , rolling his eyes . 
 his head twitched for a few seconds , painfully . 
 `` you 're serious . 
 you mean to tell me you do n't even know what you 're looking at ? 
 you do n't even know what is holding this wreck together ? '' 
 the laughter was gone . 
 `` it was your inventions ! 
 have you lost your mind or something ? 
 has it really been that long since your hands were dirty ? 
 must be nice up there . 
 nice enough to forget what 's keeping us alive . '' 
 barton felt his body get hot . 
 he held his temper . 
 `` i 've been busy with other things . 
 maybe you can enlighten me ? '' 
 `` go back to doing what you can , doctor . 
 we do n't need you down here . '' 
 the mechanic would n't budge . 
 his bitterness went deep . 
 barton watched the mechanic shake his head and thought for a second that he would twist his scrawny neck around until it came off . 
 `` maybe i can help you in return ? 
 i could work on your neck , perhaps ? '' 
 barton stepped forward . 
 the mechanic turned to the side , ashamed of his problem . 
 his attitude was calmer when he turned back to barton . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` tell me everything . 
 anything . 
 i want to know what you know . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 the mechanic was now concerned for his job . 
 `` i want to be able to help you by making things easier . '' 
 barton smiled . 
 the mechanic took a few seconds to think it over . 
 he sighed , then gave in . 
 `` the solution was created to be a protective barrier around the ship . 
 you all developed the machines inside to fill in any breaks , or uphold the cracks or prevent collapse . 
 it is quite remarkable , really . '' 
 barton stopped within reach . 
 the other 's eyes were wide with concern . 
 `` what machines ? '' 
 `` they make up the liquid cerebrum . 
 i do n't know what you call them ... tiny machines , programmed for specific duties . '' 
 barton understood . 
 he had seen enough of them . 
 `` what do you do with them ? '' 
 `` you really do n't know ? '' 
 the mechanic thought it wise to keep his tongue . 
 give him his answers and get him out of there . 
 a scientist with no brain , he thought . 
 `` the ship has an exoskeleton . 
 in order to hold up the pressure against it , your machines were introduced into it . 
 it 's alive now . '' 
 he made motions with his hands , one covering the other . 
 `` it 's jelled into one form which expands and contracts from the pressure to always hold . 
 without it , we would surely die . 
 the ship would be crushed from the cold weight . 
 my job is to ensure that the temperature remains stable . 
 in a hot environment , the machines become dormant . 
 they do n't work . '' 
 he looked curiously at barton . 
 `` that part you knew , right ? '' 
 barton nodded . 
 `` i 've never seen this before . 
 not firsthand , anyway . '' 
 silence followed . 
 barton stared into the solution , thinking dark thoughts . 
 he turned suddenly to the mechanic , as if he remembered the other was present . 
 `` how are you maintaining their temperature ? '' 
 the mechanic pointed to the base of the tubes . 
 a coiled wire ran from a black box into the tube . 
 `` heating coils . 
 controlled . 
 checked hourly , by me . 
 they wo n't fail . '' 
 `` and if the temperature changes dramatically , then they die and the system faults . '' 
 the mechanic shrugged . 
 `` that 's a friendly way of saying we 'll all be crushed to death . '' 
 `` and where do you control this coil ? '' 
 barton turned back to stare at the mechanic . 
 `` the main control unit . 
 down the hall . '' 
 barton smiled . 
 he had an idea . 
 `` thanks for your help . '' 
 the mechanic leaned in , pushing the bulge on his neck outward , indicating to barton that he needed to be paid for the information . 
 barton smiled and stepped closer to him . 
 the mechanic saw into barton 's eyes and realized he had made a grave error in judgment . 
 `` who are ... ? '' 
 he frantically reached for his tool , but barton was quicker . 
 there was no struggle . 
 with the mechanic dead , barton began to remove his uniform . 
 chapter 23 darryl opened his eyes . 
 his sight was blurry and the lights shining overhead did little to ease his throbbing head or clear his sight . 
 he was in bed , tired , sore and weak . 
 it was a different room , he noticed . 
 there were more machines , more monitors and devices mounted against the wall than in his previous room . 
 the hard bed felt the same though . 
 he could n't get comfortable . 
 he rubbed the sleep from his eyes until his vision cleared . 
 he yawned deeply . 
 though awake , he found himself struggling to remain so . 
 he turned slightly towards the door and stopped almost instantly . 
 a sharp pain in his side sent him back . 
 he grimaced , groaning deeply . 
 he closed his eyes against the pain . 
 it was in his chest and throughout his lower extremities . 
 he grimaced and slowly opened his eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong with me ? '' 
 doctor whitmere appeared at the foot of the bed . 
 his face was nearly expressionless . 
 `` doctor ? '' 
 darryl looked up at the old man . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 whitmere asked sternly . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 with eyes like burning coals , whitmere swept down and pressed his body against the bed , lowering his face close to darryl 's . 
 gone were the friendly eyes . 
 missing was the care and gentleness that seemed so evident before . 
 it was a side of whitmere that darryl did n't believe could exist . 
 `` doctor barton . 
 where did you see him ? 
 where is he hiding ? '' 
 confusion masked darryl 's face , fear held his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i never saw him . 
 it was adelle i found . '' 
 darryl drifted , remembering what had taken place . 
 his face fell in sadness . 
 whitmere had no sympathy . 
 `` the guards found you in the lower cells . 
 four others were found dead . 
 now you 're telling me that barton had no part in this ? 
 did you and her kill them ? '' 
 darryl shrank . 
 `` they were already dead when i found them . 
 then adelle walked out of the room ... '' whitmere straightened . 
 his arms folded across his chest . 
 his eyebrows slanted down over his beady , angry eyes , beads of sweat formed against his bald head . 
 `` i 'm running blood samples on you now . 
 i 'll be back for tissue samples in a few minutes . 
 then i 'll know if you had contact with him or not . 
 but it wo n't matter . 
 when i come back i 'm going to begin intraphasing . 
 do n't get out of the bed . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' darryl replied . 
 `` i just needed to find her . '' 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 time for all of this has expired . 
 i need to prove to the council once and for all that i am handling this project . 
 barton will be found and dealt with regardless . 
 he can not hide forever . 
 the focus now will be on you two . '' 
 whitmere turned away . 
 `` i 've got work to do . '' 
 `` wait . 
 where is she ? '' 
 darryl 's eyes filled with worry . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 whitmere turned back towards him . 
 he glared momentarily , then pointed beside darryl . 
 `` she 's spent a lot of time with the enemy . 
 he 's changed her like himself . 
 but i 'll make her right . 
 even if it kills her . '' 
 darryl turned quickly , surprised to see adelle in a bed beside him . 
 he turned back to ask whitmere questions , but he was no longer in the room . 
 his head spun back to the side , staring at the girl he was in love with . 
 adelle rested on her back not moving . 
 sweat covered her face and neck , shining over the dirty patches . 
 a machine hovered over her , with thin tubes dangling from it , needles attached and waiting . 
 darryl 's heart broke . 
 he had caused this , he knew . 
 he was so focused on barton , that his emotions got the best of him . 
 he had never suspected it was adelle walking out of the room . 
 looking at her now , he was n't sure he could ever forgive himself . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 nothing . 
 she remained motionless . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 his voice was laced in regret . 
 the results were the same . 
 darryl sighed . 
 `` i 'm going to help you in any way i can . 
 forgive me . '' 
 darryl stared at her for a long while afterwards . 
 he studied her face until it seemed that he even saw it when he blinked . 
 `` hold still . '' 
 a man 's voice spoke suddenly and darryl jumped . 
 he had no idea someone else was in the room . 
 a male nurse pressed a small injection gun against his left forearm and gave him a shot . 
 it was painful , but quick . 
 `` here . '' 
 he said in a fashion to make no mistake that darryl had no choice . 
 darryl opened his hand as the nurse dropped two orange pills into his palm . 
 the nurse walked out without anything further . 
 he did n't need to . 
 darryl understood . 
 he stared at the pills for a second and almost took them . 
 but he remembered adelle 's warning . 
 as he stared at her now , he could n't do anything but obey her plea . 
 he crushed the pills into a powder and blew them off into the air . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 he whispered again . 
 `` i love you . 
 forgive me . '' 
 still nothing . 
 darryl sighed heavily . 
 things in the room began to look wobbly . 
 seconds later his vision began to spin so violently that he shut his eyes and waited for it to lessen . 
 it did n't . 
 within a few moments , he was asleep . 
 doctor whitmere walked back to his lab to compare the blood samples from darryl and adelle . 
 barton had gotten to her , he knew . 
 the evidence was obvious . 
 the girl was no longer phasing ; she was nearly as they found her . 
 he knew what it meant . 
 he knew what it took for the girl to be changed . 
 barton had found the cure ; barton cured himself . 
 as he walked , others cleared away . 
 darryl 's results would be in now . 
 just from speaking to him though , whitmere did n't think that barton had altered him . 
 there was truth in darryl 's voice -- he had n't seen barton . 
 whitmere rounded a corner and headed for his lab a few doors down and could already see something was amiss . 
 the door to his laboratory was n't shut closed . 
 no one would enter without his permission , he thought . 
 no one should . 
 reaching the door , he stepped in and saw no one . 
 instead , he found his precious work scattered and spilled , shattered and shredded , across his tables and floor . 
 everything he had been working on was ruined . 
 all of his notes were torn in pieces . 
 his serums , his antidotes , all of them were pooled together in a dripping mess across the table onto the floor . 
 whitmere slammed his fists into the table and screamed . 
 `` barton ! '' 
 whitmere screamed for several long seconds . 
 his face was red . 
 his eyes burned with malice . 
 he could n't contain his anger . 
 `` find it and kill it ! '' 
 he screamed into the hall . 
 `` i want that thing locked on a bed , waiting for what it 's got coming ! '' 
 jean heard and rushed to him . 
 she entered the room and saw the mess . 
 her mouth sagged open , her eyes opened wide . 
 `` whitmere ?! '' 
 the doctor wheeled , glaring at her . 
 `` look at what he 's done ! 
 it 's gone ! 
 everything is ruined ! '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 jean was in shock . 
 she was suddenly afraid of the other , of what she saw in his eyes . 
 `` he destroyed everything ! 
 i want everyone in this ward to search for him , jean . 
 everyone ! '' 
 jean nodded . 
 whitmere stormed past her , screaming and venting down the hall . 
 he was nearly out of sight when jean smiled . 
 she was proud of her work . 
 `` should have done it a long time ago , '' she said to herself . 
 she casually walked away . 
 darryl stirred slightly in his bed , deep asleep . 
 his face was shifting with lines of worry and hurt . 
 he was back at the house again . 
 he was searching for the voice crying , the woman he had hurt . 
 she was there , somewhere in the darkness of the room , hidden like a shadow in the night . 
 he stopped in the middle of his bedroom . 
 the bed was a mess of clothes and pillows and balled up blankets . 
 she was there , he knew . 
 he could feel her . 
 his anger was boiling . 
 it was time to go . 
 he turned to leave , tossing aside a lamp from the dresser -- one he had bought for her . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` do n't go ! '' 
 he paused . 
 do n't look back . 
 keep walking . 
 get out . 
 leave . 
 `` please , darryl ! '' 
 she cried harder . 
 `` tell me that you still love me ! 
 i know you do ! '' 
 he stiffened . 
 the desperation in her voice hurt . 
 somewhere deep within , she was right . 
 some part of him still did belong with her . 
 but not enough . 
 i have to leave . 
 darryl hardened his heart and continued . 
 something shattered against the wall next to him . 
 glass . 
 another lamp , perhaps . 
 he did n't care . 
 she could break it all . 
 as his tears began to form , his legs quickened . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 he ran faster through the house . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 she called with more urgency . 
 he looked back and saw no one . 
 but she was getting closer , he knew . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 darryl 's eyes opened . 
 for a second he thought he was still running through the house . 
 sweat beads lined his forehead . 
 his breathing was hurried . 
 it hurt deep within him . 
 he hated the dream . 
 he hated the feeling she gave him . 
 `` darryl ? '' 
 the voice called out again . 
 darryl heard it and thought it was n't real . 
 `` darryl ? 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 the voice was familiar . 
 he turned quickly to see adelle staring at him . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 `` i was n't sure if you were sleeping or not . 
 i 've been calling you . '' 
 she groaned then , her face twisting with an uncomfortable expression . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 i remember walking out into the hall to get to barton and then something came at me ... in a blur . 
 next thing i know i 'm waking up in here . 
 and i see you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , '' he whispered . 
 `` i thought you were barton . '' 
 adelle turned painfully , staring into his dark eyes . 
 she smiled as she could . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 it hurt darryl to say the words . 
 `` the blur ... it was me . 
 i hit you . '' 
 before adelle could register what he was saying , she saw his eyes widen in panic and he was speaking faster than he could pronounce his words . 
 `` but i did n't see you until it was too late . 
 i was looking for you everywhere and i knew that barton had you . 
 i just wanted to make sure he could n't hurt you . 
 i wanted to make sure you were safe . '' 
 darryl paused , drifting . 
 `` then i struck you down . '' 
 `` you hit me ? '' 
 adelle was quiet for a moment . 
 `` i 'd trade you places if i could , i swear . '' 
 he felt uncomfortable saying it out loud , `` barton changed you . 
 whitmere told me so . 
 you 're like him , now . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said back quietly . 
 `` darryl , i need to tell you something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i was with barton . 
 he told me what was happening here . 
 we 're in danger , darryl . 
 i remember everything . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 darryl did n't fully understand her . 
 `` once they catch barton , we 'll be fine . '' 
 `` no , we wo n't . 
 they 'll kill him . '' 
 adelle groaned ; she hurt everywhere . 
 `` i think when whitmere comes back you can ask him -- '' `` darryl , we ca n't let him touch us ! 
 do n't you remember ? '' 
 adelle almost cried . 
 `` darryl , i have to tell you something and you 're not going to want to believe me , but you have to . 
 i would never do anything to hurt you . 
 i would never , and have never lied to you . '' 
 adelle gathered herself , watching his eyes to make sure he was ready . 
 darryl nodded for her to continue . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` darryl , what do you remember about us ? 
 about the crash ? 
 about them ? '' 
 darryl was silent for a moment . 
 when he spoke , his voice was less confident . 
 `` well , i remember the car crash and being taken here . 
 i remember our meeting in the hall ... and everything since . '' 
 adelle frowned . 
 `` darryl , everything that has been told to us is a lie . 
 there was no car crash . 
 not in the way we were made to believe , anyway . 
 it was a lie . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why would they lie about that ? '' 
 darryl was unsure . 
 `` i remember it , adelle . 
 i can see it in my head . '' 
 `` think harder , darryl . 
 think to before the crash . 
 think about what we were doing . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` think hard . 
 i was with you , darryl . 
 i sat right next to you , as i always have . '' 
 darryl flashed back to the incident . 
 he saw himself being taken out of the car . 
 the passenger side door was already open . 
 `` adelle , what are you saying ? 
 i do n't remember you . 
 how could you be there ? '' 
 `` you 've lost your memory of me , darryl . '' 
 she began crying softly . 
 `` but it 's not because of the crash . 
 they 've done this to us . 
 they 've taken our identities . 
 they do n't want us to remember each other . 
 but i was there . '' 
 her teary eyes found his and neither looked away . 
 `` darryl , i 'm your wife . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 darryl almost laughed . 
 `` where 's our rings ? '' 
 adelle saw the disbelief in his eyes . 
 `` we took them off ... because we were getting a divorce . '' 
 `` adelle ... '' darryl shook his head . 
 adelle was scared . 
 if darryl could remember they were married , he might also remember that he was leaving her . 
 it was a risk she was willing to take . 
 he needed to know the truth . 
 `` adelle ? '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 every word . 
 june fifth , two-thousand five ... our anniversary . 
 i know everything about you , darryl . 
 think back , think hard . 
 the night they took us , we were fighting . 
 our worst fight ever . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 darryl looked away then . 
 it was so unexpected . 
 it was a lot to take in at once . 
 `` how did you remember this ? 
 is this what they told you -- '' `` no , darryl . 
 i have my memories back . 
 all of them . 
 doctor barton helped me . 
 he allowed me to see things the way they are . 
 i am me again . '' 
 `` doctor barton is an alien . '' 
 darryl hushed the words in fear . 
 `` you ca n't trust him . '' 
 adelle 's head shook . 
 `` we are the aliens , darryl . 
 you , me , and barton -- abductees . '' 
 she saw the look in his eyes then . 
 she was losing his focus . 
 he was beginning to discard everything she was saying . 
 `` darryl , listen to me . 
 i 'm not lying . 
 they took us , captured us , and erased our memories . 
 barton went through the same thing . 
 he 's human . 
 he 's the only one we can trust , darryl . 
 the others will kill us . 
 they 'll change us into ... things . 
 living things , but we 'll be dead on the inside ; we wo n't be ourselves . 
 i think barton said they 're trying to make us like them . 
 but that is what 's going to happen if we do n't get out of here . 
 losing your memory is just the beginning . '' 
 darryl could n't hide his uncertainty . 
 `` barton told you this ? 
 how did he get your memory back ? 
 how did you trust him ? '' 
 `` he did n't give me a choice . 
 just like whitmere wo n't give us a choice . '' 
 they were quiet for a moment before adelle added , `` i love you , darryl . 
 i hope you can remember that you love me too . 
 before it 's too late . '' 
 darryl rolled onto his back , not facing her any more . 
 he stared up into the lights . 
 everything was spinning -- the truth , the lies , all infused into one big mess . 
 he cried silently . 
 how could any of this be real ? 
 `` darryl , trust me . 
 do n't let them touch you . 
 we need to find barton and he can help you . 
 if you trust me , then trust him . '' 
 adelle knew darryl was in disbelief . 
 she knew how he reacted to things he could n't handle -- he gets quiet and rubs his face , mostly over his eyes . 
 both he was doing now . 
 she had to convince him . 
 she had to help trigger some memory ; something only he would know was real . 
 `` your father 's name is john . 
 your mother 's name is joan . 
 she 's been bothering you for years now about giving her a grandchild . 
 your first car was a blue chevette ; a stick-shift . 
 you hated it . '' 
 `` please , stop . '' 
 adelle was sobbing . 
 `` your middle name is michael . 
 remember mine ? 
 remember what you used to call me when i did something funny ? 
 can you remember anything ? '' 
 darryl cried with her . 
 he wanted to give her the answers , but he did n't have them . 
 `` adelle ... i ca n't . 
 are you sure you 're right ? '' 
 `` try ! 
 try harder ! 
 what was our cat 's name ? 
 kurt , but you called him pumpkin because we found him on halloween ! '' 
 adelle cried hard . 
 darryl wiped his tears and closed his eyes . 
 he was n't sure about anything . 
 the door burst open then and a wild-eyed whitmere stormed over to them . 
 he was furious . 
 adelle screamed . 
 darryl shrank in his bed . 
 `` things have changed . 
 we 're going to play a little game of our own . '' 
 chapter 24 a door into the hallway opened slowly and a man stepped out . 
 he shut the door quickly before two other mechanics caught sight of him and curiously walked over . 
 the man watched them get closer , as he clenched the tool bag tight in one hand , a bloody wrench in the other . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` i was called down to check on the system 's flow . '' 
 barton said , putting his used weapon behind him . 
 `` let 's go take a look at the main unit . 
 i may need some help with it . '' 
 barton motioned for them to lead , but they did n't budge . 
 `` no one said anything to us , '' the other said . 
 `` there 's no problems . '' 
 `` whose orders ? '' 
 his partner asked . 
 barton became irate . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 `` do you want the council to come down here personally ? 
 i do n't have time for questions . 
 let 's move . '' 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 `` around the corner here , '' they said and led the way . 
 barton smiled , walking slightly behind , keeping their hurried pace . 
 they followed the hall for a short distance then turned right , heading down for a few moments before a set of large doors brought them to a halt . 
 barton could hear the steady thrum from behind the wall , could almost feel the powerful vibrations . 
 the two mechanics threw open the doors and entered right away . 
 barton followed without hesitation . 
 the room was massive with almost every inch obstructed with tubes filled with the strange liquid . 
 the mechanics weaved their way through the tangled mess of motors and wires leading to the main unit . 
 the giant , square , smooth-black machine at its center was vastly encased with cylinder-shaped ducts leading in every direction . 
 it was huge , thundering loudly in a rhythmic pattern . 
 the two mechanics walked over to the controls , checking out the gauges for the coils . 
 they looked at each other , then questionably at barton . 
 `` i do n't see anything -- '' barton 's wrench struck him before he could finish . 
 the other barely made out a surprised yelp before he too was falling lifeless . 
 barton checked over the controls . 
 switches , buttons and levers were in small groups everywhere , with gauges of level readings that he did n't understand . 
 he did n't know what any of them meant . 
 frustrated , he began to trial and error . 
 with a lever here and the push of a button there , the enormous box grinded and pulsed , groaned and heaved , in correspondence . 
 he saw no difference in the temperature though . 
 the readings on the gauges did n't move . 
 he found a series of small knobs and began to turn them . 
 they did n't have the affect he desired . 
 he looked around . 
 there was an outlet into the unit . 
 he pried open a panel , removing it . 
 inside stood a massive mess of wires and what he thought were turbine engines . 
 if he could n't find a way to increase the temperature , he may be able to damage the motors in a way that would shut them down . 
 if he could n't get it his way , at least they would n't get it theirs . 
 he went back around the machine . 
 he pushed all the buttons he could , pulled all the levers , and turned all the knobs . 
 it took him nearly half an hour before he found the right set to get the unit to respond louder . 
 the more it worked , the hotter it would make the coils , barton thought . 
 he stepped back , listening to the machine roar , wiping the sweat from his face across his new uniform . 
 readings were skyrocketing . 
 the sound in the room was nearly deafening now , forcing barton out . 
 he stood in the hall , still trying to formulate a plan that would seal the doorway . 
 but he saw no locking mechanism , nor anything that would block the way in . 
 he did n't have much time . 
 beep ... beep ... beep ... the alarm sounded throughout the hallway , loud and commanding . 
 no ! 
 they would be coming now . 
 he rushed back in and tried to find the source of the alarm . 
 red lights flashed against the ceiling everywhere . 
 it would be impossible to shut them off . 
 the heating unit was escalating out of the perimeters set . 
 he cursed at himself for not thinking it would be otherwise . 
 quickly he began to pull and yank cords free . 
 if anything , he would damage it so it could not be repaired . 
 he rushed his work , feeling the panic set in . 
 they would be there soon . 
 he needed to escape . 
 with all of their efforts planted down here , the control room above would be vulnerable . 
 maybe even unwatched . 
 now was the time . 
 he raced his way through the maze for the door . 
 just as he stepped out into the hall , a series of mechanics were rushing towards him . 
 he counted 4 ... 6 ... 9 of them as they ran . 
 too many to fight , he thought grimly . 
 `` help ! '' 
 barton screamed . 
 he staggered , using the wall to hold him upright , shielding his face as best he could . 
 `` what happened ?! '' 
 one yelled in questioning . 
 others shared his voice . 
 `` i just arrived ! '' 
 barton staggered backwards through the crowd . 
 they were checking him for injuries before quickly running into the room . 
 barton slipped past them . 
 he was dead if he lingered . 
 once they saw the dead bodies in the room , there would n't be much room to escape . 
 more of them showed up . 
 barton hunched over , pointing into the room , coughing and gagging as they swept past him . 
 from in the room , he could hear panic , desperate cries as they realized that their shield was in jeopardy . 
 barton smiled . 
 once in the clear , he bolted away . 
 he was down the hall , rounding a corner when he collided with another group . 
 all of them went down in a tangle of arms and limbs . 
 guards and others that were coming to the aid scrambled with barton to rise . 
 barton was outnumbered , standing in the middle of them . 
 he pointed to the room behind him and gave a weak story quickly . 
 but it did n't work this time . 
 one of them knew who he was . 
 the game was over . 
 barton went down fighting . 
 he held his own for a few moments , but he was too overwhelmed . 
 he was taken hard to the floor , smothered with knees and elbows . 
 the last thing he heard was an alarm ringing and voices screaming in panic . 
 the hands around his neck began to squeeze tight . 
 his vision went black . 
 the hallway was bright when barton came to . 
 he could feel arms around his own , holding him firm . 
 he was being held upright , his feet dragging . 
 as he came to , he began walking on his own , trying to brush off his captors to no prevail . 
 they nudged him hard in the ribs , keeping him from moving further . 
 he was being taken to a higher authority , he had heard them mumble . 
 he would be disposed of then . 
 his captors complained about the damage he had done to their ship and the great risk certain parts of it were now in . 
 workers were trying to do what they could to fix it , but a few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure . 
 if they could not get the system back up and running correctly , then entire collapse would be certain . 
 barton 's eyesight began to clear and his senses came back . 
 he was alert , and ready for the chance to escape . 
 a tall female nurse walked their way and the four guards escorting barton stopped to talk to her . 
 their words were hushed . 
 barton listened closely . 
 he could only make out that whoever it was they were taking him to , was now waiting in a room down the hall . 
 the nurse left , walking back in the direction she came . 
 the guards began to move barton forward once again . 
 time for escape was thin and fleeing . 
 he could n't slip past their grip , let alone leave the hall without being seen . 
 whatever stand he was going to make , it would have to happen in the room with whoever was in charge . 
 the guards reached a door , two of them staying in the hall , the other two pulled barton inside the room . 
 barton 's heart beat quickly . 
 he tried to calm himself , to prepare to fight to the death , but as he entered the room he only found one person waiting . 
 he stopped walking and stared ahead into her eyes . 
 he had n't expected it . 
 `` jean , '' barton gasped to himself . 
 it was bittersweet . 
 `` thank you , '' jean said to the guards . 
 `` wait by the door . '' 
 the guards walked back as she stepped closer to barton . 
 her eyes were hard . 
 `` this is goodbye , doctor . '' 
 barton was nervous . 
 `` anyone but you , jean . '' 
 `` anyone but me and you 'd already be dead , '' she whispered . 
 she stood inches from him . 
 she eyed up the guards and found them just far enough out of earshot . 
 `` you are to be handed over to whitmere , who 'll turn you into his greatest patient . 
 you 'll be tortured , no doubt , for making him look like the imbecile that he is . '' 
 jean smiled . 
 she saw the confusion in barton 's eyes . 
 she walked slowly around him , speaking quietly as she did so . 
 `` that is if he had any of his precious serums left . 
 which he does n't . 
 and if he has you , which seems unlikely . '' 
 `` jean ? '' 
 `` how can i hand you over to him ? '' 
 she looked sad , distant . 
 `` i knew it was wrong the first time . '' 
 `` jean , what are you doing ? '' 
 barton saw the look she gave him . 
 she was a mother , looking over her wounded child . 
 `` you were my first ; my first patient ; my first test of my capabilities . 
 i cared for you like no other . 
 i was told over and over not to get attached , but it was far too late for that . 
 once they decided to use you , to create you in ways that i could not , i had tried to prevent it . 
 i wanted no part in it . 
 whitmere saw it . 
 he had me removed , partially so he could run the program alone . 
 so i was cast out . 
 but i never left you . 
 `` my job was to remove your memory , to create in you something new . 
 but i could n't do it . 
 you had life in your eyes ; you always spoke with a passion ... you were more than just a formula on a piece of paper . 
 i could n't go through with it . 
 but i did help them change in you things . 
 i am regretful of that . 
 but also grateful that i had given you such weak doses , so to keep your memories , your personality , there , yet just out of their reach . 
 i 'm not like they are . 
 it 's so clear to me now , looking back . '' 
 `` you were there ... '' barton trailed off , remembering jean back when he was taken . 
 in a flash the memory was gone . 
 jean stopped next to him , turning to whisper into his ear . 
 she could hear his breathing . 
 she could smell his sweat . 
 `` looking back , i have made wrong decisions . 
 decisions i regret with all that i am . 
 i am not alone , either . 
 there are others here that believe as i do : that what they are doing to your people is wrong . 
 we want to make up for our mistakes , doctor . 
 we want to be healed from our pains . '' 
 `` jean , you ca n't help me . 
 they 'll kill you . '' 
 barton turned to the door , making sure the guards had not heard him . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` no . 
 this is my decision . 
 i was there when you were taken . '' 
 jean 's eyes watered . 
 `` i will be there when you are released . '' 
 barton swallowed hard . 
 his pulse quickened by what he saw in her eyes , by the determination in her voice . 
 `` you were always good to me , jean . 
 i thank you . '' 
 jean smiled sadly . 
 `` i could have been better . 
 but what i have lacked in the past , blinded by my ignorance and my love for my own people , i will make up for . 
 i will help you get home . 
 i give you my word . '' 
 `` jean ... '' `` sh . 
 nothing more needs be said . '' 
 jean stepped aside and motioned for the guards to come and claim barton . 
 barton turned towards her . 
 he noticed she held something behind her as they approached . 
 as they laid hands on him , jean 's hands withdrew a weapon and shot them both . 
 a sizzling sound emitted like rain on hot coals as they dropped to the ground . 
 instantly the door flew open and the other two guards rushed in . 
 jean pointed to barton and again shot down the guards before they reached him . 
 `` jean , '' barton gasped , `` they 'll kill you for sure ! 
 this is treason ! '' 
 `` it is done ! 
 this has to end now ! '' 
 jean handed the weapon to barton then reached into her pocket and pulled out a folded up piece of paper . 
 `` here . 
 follow this . 
 it will lead you to the escape pods . 
 there are instructions on how to program them . 
 you wo n't have much time . '' 
 `` jean ... '' `` it will take some time to get used to your air . '' 
 jean nodded with a smile . 
 `` once you surface , open the hatch and breathe slowly . 
 you will be fine . '' 
 `` surface ? '' 
 confusion filled barton 's eyes . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` deepest hole in your ocean floor . 
 have been for years . 
 though now i suppose things will be different . '' 
 barton looked over the map . 
 he did n't have the words . 
 he put it into his pocket and stared into her sad eyes . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 `` no , '' her head shook , `` i would die in less than a month . 
 we can not breathe your air . 
 i must stay here . '' 
 `` i can -- '' barton began , but she cut him off quickly , seeing he wanted to help her . 
 `` you can take the other two with you . 
 the male and the female are held in a room together . 
 whitmere has plans on transporting his blood into hers . 
 he has no serums left to do the work . 
 i think he 's clutching at straws , but he 'll do it , even if it kills them both . 
 besides , he has no choice . 
 the council will hand his project over to someone else in a few days if he ca n't succeed . '' 
 `` the woman is healed . 
 she remembers . '' 
 jean nodded proudly . 
 `` i saw her . '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 `` patient 's ward . 
 operation room . '' 
 jean pointed to a bed on wheels . 
 `` lay down . 
 i 'll wrap you up and take you there . 
 i wo n't be questioned . '' 
 barton stared into her eyes . 
 she was beautiful . 
 he would 've hugged her tight , but she yelled and pointed , and he obeyed . 
 she placed a sheet over his body , and pushed him out of the room . 
 it ends today , she thought . 
 no matter what . 
 chapter 25 adelle watched the device lower towards her face . 
 she kept thrashing ; she would fight until the end . 
 but doctor whitmere had the straps on her body so tight she could barely move at all . 
 even the strap across her forehead prevented her from turning to stare at darryl . 
 she screamed again . 
 it was loud and terrible . 
 but it did n't wake darryl . 
 `` do n't bother doing that again , '' whitmere said just before his hand swiped across her mouth . 
 it stung adelle and she cried so . 
 looking up through her tears , she saw it lowering still . 
 it was a mask-shaped mechanism lowering from the towering machine above her . 
 wires , tubes , and needles hung off it like hair . 
 it would smother her head , she knew . 
 it would be the end . 
 `` what did he do to you ? '' 
 whitmere asked again . 
 he was preparing the machine to do its work , lacing tubes with a gel substance , pressing buttons , and moving hastily -- angrily . 
 `` how did he change you back ? '' 
 adelle said nothing . 
 `` keep your silence . 
 he 'll be here soon and i 'll make him talk . '' 
 whitmere 's angry eyes stared into hers for a moment . 
 `` i 'll get my answers from him , even if it kills him . '' 
 adelle closed her eyes . 
 she could make out the faint cry of an alarm . 
 she could hear voices in the hall rushing past , warning others about a problem with something . 
 she did n't know what it was , but it was serious , and she was hoping that barton was behind it . 
 barton , where are you ? 
 whitmere 's questions had overwhelmed her for several long minutes . 
 darryl had passed out and shown no signs of recovering from whatever they did to him . 
 she was alone . 
 she was scared . 
 `` darryl ! 
 darryl wake up ! '' 
 she cried again . 
 `` if you loved him , you 'd wish him to not wake from this . '' 
 whitmere growled . 
 `` let us go ! '' 
 `` too late for that , '' whitmere said . 
 `` darryl ! 
 darryl ! '' 
 the device lowered just inches above adelle 's face and stopped . 
 she continued to scream for darryl . 
 darryl dreamt . 
 it was night , blackness washed everything . 
 he ran out of the house to his car . 
 she was chasing him , he knew without looking back . 
 he could hear her sobbing just behind him . 
 he reached the car and entered quickly . 
 she stood at the porch steps . 
 her voice was like glass shattering . 
 he fumbled through his pockets for his keys . 
 he did n't look at her . 
 he did n't want to see her eyes , or the mess her face looked now . 
 with the key in the ignition , he started the car with a thundering roar . 
 he would leave and never return . 
 he looked back to the house one last time . 
 she was n't there . 
 she was at his window . 
 her blond hair covered her face . 
 her crying drown out the car 's engine . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` i have to go ! 
 let me go ! '' 
 `` darryl ! 
 wait ! 
 listen ! '' 
 `` i ca n't anymore ! 
 ca n't you see that ? 
 we 're over ! '' 
 darryl yelled , still not seeing her face . 
 `` we can change ! 
 we can go back and be how we were . 
 it 'll be better this time ! 
 give us another chance ! '' 
 she cried through her words , forcing herself to finish what she had to say . 
 `` you said you do n't love me anymore . 
 but i do n't believe you . 
 you want it all to be easy . 
 but it 's not . 
 it wo n't be . 
 you have to work at things if you want them . 
 and i can . 
 but only if you stay . 
 stay darryl . 
 let 's work through this . '' 
 she was partially right . 
 and as much as it hurt to go , he knew he had to . 
 someone else could love her more . 
 in time she would see it . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry about everything . 
 i 'm sorry i 've failed you . 
 but i have . 
 and i do n't think anything will ever change . 
 i need to leave ... because i know you wo n't . '' 
 darryl wiped the tears onto his shirt , looked away as he saw her blue eyes , and threw the car in reverse . 
 as his right foot stomped on the gas pedal , a strong wind swept over the yard . 
 trees shook . 
 the grass swirled . 
 he looked skyward . 
 something black hovered overhead , blocking out the stars . 
 something massive . 
 something out of a nightmare . 
 she screamed . 
 darryl turned , frightened by her panic . 
 her head tilted back and a light began to shine on her . 
 darryl became frightened too . 
 `` get in ! '' 
 he kept his eyes on the monstrous thing in the sky as the passenger door opened and she jumped in . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` my god , what is that ?! '' 
 darryl slammed on the gas and backed out of the driveway onto the road . 
 he kept his gaze up as he sped away , feeling her body press against his , feeling her shiver and cry , feeling her terror . 
 she was talking to him , but he was n't listening . 
 he saw the trees around them begin to sway and the dirt on the road begin to rise . 
 it was coming after them . 
 a light hit the road in front of them . 
 she screamed . 
 he swerved . 
 the car raced through some loose gravel , spinning out of control . 
 the light blinded him . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 the car slammed hard into something . 
 his head struck the steering wheel , glass broke , and she screamed anew . 
 the car was n't moving any more . 
 neither was he . 
 he did n't know if he could . 
 it hurt to find out . 
 `` darryl ! 
 darryl get up ! 
 darryl wake up ! 
 darryl ! '' 
 her voice turned in to one long , terrified scream . 
 darryl slumped back from the wheel , looking over to her . 
 but the door was open and she was gone . 
 hands were pulling at him then , dragging him out of the car . 
 he heard voices . 
 many hurried voices . 
 `` darryl ! 
 help me ! 
 darryl ! 
 darryl ! '' 
 darryl opened his eyes . 
 it was pitch black . 
 he could still her voice , screaming his name like a prayer that would save her . 
 but he had n't . 
 it hurt . 
 he had not ventured that far into the dream before . 
 he had not seen her eyes before . 
 as he lay in the bed , the event played out before him again and again . 
 the darkness and the swirling fogginess were gone . 
 things were clearly evident . 
 it was n't the dream this time , it was his memory . 
 her voice cried his name . 
 he saw her eyes through the car window . 
 slowly her face began to materialize . 
 it was adelle . 
 darryl stopped breathing . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 he remembered her . 
 he could hear the low and steady buzzing of the machine . 
 he could feel it wrapped around his face , and the tubes in his nostrils went deep . 
 he could n't move . 
 he coughed and choked when he tried to call her name . 
 he panicked then . 
 he felt as if something was wrong , as if everything was terribly sinking out of reach and he too would be lost . 
 it was too late . 
 no ! 
 darryl thrashed and squirmed in failed efforts to break free . 
 `` i have a series of needles attached to your main arteries . 
 lay still . 
 it will be over in a few hours . '' 
 whitmere said , standing over darryl , preparing his machine to run . 
 doctor whitmere would extract his serum from darryl , withdrawing it out of his blood and tissue , to mesh and invade adelle 's . 
 it was a primitive method , but he had no other time to create his formulas and now , he had not the care to do otherwise . 
 the humans were nothing to him . 
 he was tired of the false pretense he had shown for them . 
 they would be changed , or they would be dead . 
 they would be his , he corrected . 
 the door buzzed . 
 doctor whitmere frowned , grunting something unpleasant beneath his breath , and walked to the door . 
 opening it , he saw eyes filled with concern . 
 `` you need to come with me , '' jean said . 
 she spoke loud , allowing her voice to be thrown over the series of alarms in the distance . 
 whitmere looked both ways in the hall , finding no other guards to offer her assistance . 
 `` what is it ? 
 i 'm busy . '' 
 `` you 're going to want to see this . 
 they found barton . '' 
 with nothing further , whitmere quickly motioned for her to lead the way . 
 they were down the hall , turning away , out of sight , when a door across the hall opened and barton stepped out . 
 he looked both ways , and then entered whitmere 's room . 
 he saw the two beds , saw most of the patients underneath the extractors , and knew he had little time . 
 the tubes were not yet pumping blood , the bodies were still , not squirming in pain , so he knew the operation had not yet began . 
 if it had , there would be no helping them . 
 nothing outside of killing them before it was complete , rather . 
 barton rushed over to the controls on darryl 's machine . 
 incompletely set , he saw . 
 he began to deactivate the timing sequence , shutting the system down , aborting its program . 
 once it began , he turned and did the same to adelle 's . 
 darryl screamed under the mask , feeling a terrible pain throughout his body as the needles and tubes began to exit up through his throat and mouth , off his neck , and chest . 
 as the device cleared and began to ascend up into the larger unit , his voice shattered the stillness . 
 his screaming cry lasted until barton rushed over to him , firmly placing a hand over his mouth . 
 `` sh ! '' 
 barton whispered . 
 `` we do n't have much time . 
 can you stand ? '' 
 darryl did n't move . 
 it was barton . 
 it was the alien . 
 barton did n't wait for a response ; he rushed over to adelle . 
 barton leaned over motionless form . 
 `` adelle , we are leaving . 
 hang on to whatever faith you still have . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 barton turned back to darryl . 
 `` did you hear me ? 
 we have to leave now ! '' 
 darryl stared at barton . 
 he wished adelle would wake up and tell him that it was okay . 
 everything he had been told about barton scared him . 
 no . 
 that 's just what they wanted you to believe . 
 he 's human , like us . 
 it was adelle 's voice darryl heard in his mind . 
 it was comforting . 
 `` i think her body 's slipped into shock . 
 i do n't have time to help her now . 
 she 'll be fine , with us . '' 
 barton stated . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 barton shook darryl slightly , wanting a response . 
 the fears darryl had about barton were being pushed aside as he saw adelle in the bed . 
 she was n't moving . 
 darryl swallowed hard . 
 `` what did you do to her ? '' 
 `` there 's no time for that . 
 we have to get out of here . 
 can you run ? '' 
 barton rushed to the door and looked into the hall , then back to darryl . 
 darryl was sitting upright , testing his strength . 
 darryl spoke . 
 `` she said you changed her . 
 healed her . 
 you helped her remember . 
 she told me to trust you . 
 can you help me too ? '' 
 barton stopped what he was doing and stared at darryl in pity . 
 he thought for a second , and then searched his pockets for his tools , withdrawing his injection gun and needle . 
 he worked quickly , taking his own blood instead of adelle 's , knowing that hers had been compromised . 
 `` this blood , mine , will change you . 
 but it will render you unconscious for a while as it works . 
 right now , i need you . 
 i need you to be able to run , and fight if we have to . 
 but i promise , after we 're out of here , i will help you . '' 
 darryl nodded . 
 `` but what about adelle ? '' 
 `` she 's already fighting . 
 we can do without her for a few moments . '' 
 barton found a white lab coat used by doctors and threw it at darryl . 
 `` you do n't have a choice . 
 soon this whole place is going to be crushed like a tin can . '' 
 barton rushed over to adelle and threw a bed sheet over her , draping down onto the floor on both sides . 
 he would hide under the bed as darryl pushed it down the hall . 
 the sham would n't last long , but they only needed to get to the control center . 
 once they were out of the doctor 's ward , he would not be so easily recognized . 
 `` darryl , listen carefully , '' barton began , watching darryl put on the coat . 
 `` take us down the hall to the left , all the way , then to the right . 
 if anyone stops you , you 're taking your patient to the incinerator . 
 tell them that it is contagious and they had better stand clear . '' 
 darryl 's head began to shake before barton was finished . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 it 's not going to work . 
 they wo n't believe me . '' 
 barton grabbed darryl by the shoulders and pressed his forehead against his . 
 `` listen to me -- make it work ! 
 we have once chance on getting out of here and back home ! 
 do you understand what i 'm telling you ? 
 if they catch us , we are dead ! '' 
 darryl swallowed his fear as barton crawled onto the framework under adelle 's bed and disappear under the sheet . 
 he stared at adelle . 
 her chest rose and fell slowly . 
 her face still had the imprint of the device on it . 
 her beautiful face , he thought . 
 it hurt everywhere at once then , nearly bringing him helplessly to his knees . 
 the thought of his wife knowing for so long who she was , who he was and where they were , all the while he knew nothing and could n't help her , was crippling . 
 he went to her and kissed her forehead , holding her hands within his own . 
 `` i love you , adelle , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 `` i wo n't leave you . '' 
 he saw his tears fall onto her cheeks and he wiped them off gently . 
 her skin was soft , warm . 
 he would do as barton asked . 
 he would make it work . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 growled barton from beneath the bed . 
 darryl gathered his composure and began to push the bed to the door . 
 he entered the hall unnoticed and followed barton 's directions . 
 he saw no one . 
 the sound of an alarm filled the silence . 
 as he moved , he thought he felt a tremor . 
 let 's go home . 
 chapter 26 jean could feel the heat radiating off of whitmere as he moved quickly beside her through the hall . 
 he was so caught up in the notion of finding barton that he would forget his other patients , she knew . 
 they would have time to escape . 
 she would have the redemption she sought . 
 she stared at him for a moment , not moving her head , only her eyes , then turned facing forward again . 
 if anything were to happen , she thought , she would kill him too . 
 `` what is that alarm ? '' 
 whitmere asked , his voice filled with agitation . 
 jean did n't look at him . 
 `` the shield has been compromised . 
 they are working on it . '' 
 whitmere 's agitation intensified . 
 `` what ? 
 do you know the risk of -- '' `` here . '' 
 jean broke off his belittling question . 
 whitmere rushed into the room as jean held open the door . 
 he saw the dead guards immediately and a sizzling corpse amidst a pile of debris . 
 whitmere covered his mouth and gasped , staring in shock . 
 jean walked in and stood next to him . 
 whitmere was in utter disbelief . 
 beads of sweat lined his glossy face . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he attacked us , '' she said sadly . 
 `` i had no other choice . '' 
 `` i did n't want him dead like this . '' 
 whitmere spoke to himself . 
 `` not like this . '' 
 `` he 's dead . 
 this is what you wanted . '' 
 `` no , jean . 
 i wanted to kill him myself . 
 after i had my answers . 
 now i have ... '' whitmere bent and studied the corpse . 
 the face was nearly burnt clean of identity . 
 as was the clothing , and the rest of the body . 
 the blood that had leaked and pooled around the chest and throat lay sizzling , bubbling . 
 whitmere ran his fingers through it , watching it drip off them . 
 he turned to jean , smiling , his eyes hiding something . 
 `` you did this , jean ? '' 
 `` i had no choice . '' 
 she shrugged ; her heart racing ; the game just beginning . 
 `` really ? '' 
 his voice laced in doubt , his eyes filled with suspicion . 
 `` you 've never drawn a weapon on anything ever before . '' 
 jean did n't care for how long whitmere studied the scene . 
 she grew nervous . 
 `` i should go inform the council , '' jean said . 
 `` you need to come with me . '' 
 whitmere rose . 
 he stared into her eyes . 
 they were filled with sadness , and something else , something he could not identify . 
 `` i will tell them when i tell them of the success of the last two patients . 
 there 's no need to rush off just yet . '' 
 jean looked away from his penetrating gaze and nodded . 
 barton needed more time , she thought . 
 she had gone too far now to fail him . 
 she had to delay whitmere . 
 `` we should take his body to the incinerator . '' 
 whitmere 's smile was hard . 
 `` it must have been difficult for you to end his life . '' 
 `` i do n't see them the way you do . '' 
 jean 's eyes were distant , voice frail . 
 `` they have a life , as we do . 
 they could be companions to us . 
 friends , even . '' 
 his smile fled . 
 `` how close were you , jean ? 
 were you close enough with him to be blinded by what was happening here ? 
 by what would eventually happen ? 
 by what he was and what you are ? 
 did you forget whose side he was on ? '' 
 jean stared him down hard . 
 he would not see the truth in her eyes . 
 he would not believe anything other than what she was telling him . 
 besides , there was no lie in that . 
 they were friends . 
 `` i was closer to him than i am to some of us . 
 we were alike in a few ways . '' 
 `` we created him , jean ! '' 
 whitmere could feel the knife in his back twisting . 
 `` he was not one of us ! '' 
 `` there is an admiration for something that you create , '' she began with an edge . 
 `` your heart has gone cold . 
 i think it is you that has forgotten a few things . '' 
 `` they are nothing to us , jean . '' 
 whitmere 's glare burned with fire . 
 `` they are a dying race of greed and lust . 
 you 've seen it for yourself . 
 there 's no honor or love amongst them . 
 i 've read their minds , i 've seen their thoughts . 
 they kill each other , jean . 
 they deserve their fates . 
 they 're nothing like us . '' 
 his head cocked to the side and he smiled at her . 
 `` maybe you have more in common with them than i realized . '' 
 jean felt her throat tighten . 
 she looked away from him . 
 he was dangerous . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 whitmere laughed , cold and heartless . 
 `` they deserve death . 
 their planet will be ours soon . 
 they can all die beneath our feet . '' 
 jean wanted away from him . 
 `` you 'll have to excuse me , doctor . 
 i have things to take care of . '' 
 as she turned , a voice boomed out of the speaker system , stern and desperate . 
 `` sector seven -- evacuate immediately ! 
 i repeat , sector seven please evacuate ! '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 jean gasped . 
 `` it 's collapsed . 
 it 's failing . 
 we have to escape . '' 
 `` no ! 
 that idiot will kill us all ! '' 
 whitmere grabbed jean 's arm , pulling her away from the door . 
 `` why do n't you come with me , jean ? '' 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 she pulled free but it did n't matter . 
 whitmere had his hand against her back and began leading her out of the room and down the hall . 
 others rushed past , worry plastered on their faces , their voices panicked as they fled . 
 `` i may need your help . 
 someone else may need to die . '' 
 jean swallowed her fear and kept his quick pace . 
 her stomach began to swirl . 
 as they approached the surgery room , whitmere saw the doors were wide open and two guards stood just inside . 
 he saw the panic in their eyes and knew something horrible had happened . 
 in his head , whitmere thought that somehow both adelle and darryl had died . 
 but as he rushed into the room and saw one empty bed and the other missing , he knew something else had happened . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jean pulled away from him , her face flush with fear . 
 `` what happened ?! 
 where are they ?! '' 
 whitmere pounded his fists against the empty bed . 
 he was furious . 
 the guards wiped their sweaty faces on their shirt sleeves . 
 they had no answer . 
 `` find them ! '' 
 he screamed to the guards . 
 they left immediately . 
 whitmere loosened his shirt , wet in a few places due to sweat . 
 he screamed in frustration and hatred , `` i want him dead ! 
 dead ! '' 
 whitmere turned towards jean . 
 he saw it then . 
 it was in her eyes . 
 she could n't hide it . 
 he swallowed his anger , feeling his fingers shaking with fury . 
 he could almost feel the warmth of her neck placed between his hands as he crushed it . 
 `` you 've crossed the line this time , jean . '' 
 whitmere snarled like an animal . 
 `` you 've always thought that you were smarter than me . 
 better than me . 
 you want the job i have . 
 you 're jealous and pathetic . 
 and worst of all -- a traitor . '' 
 jean unconvincingly shook her head . 
 she could n't bring forth any words to help her . 
 he walked slowly over to her . 
 his eyes twinkled like burning embers . 
 `` when you said you killed him , i could n't believe you . 
 but when i saw the blood , i did n't have to . 
 theirs does n't singe and smoke like ours , jean . 
 but how would you know that ? 
 you 've never killed one of them . 
 seems that you only kill your own kind . '' 
 `` you 've lost your mind ! '' 
 jean stepped away , rushing for the door . 
 whitmere was quicker . 
 he blocked her exit , her escape , pinning her to the wall , pressing his body hard against hers . 
 she struggled in vain for a few moments . 
 `` what did you do , jean ? '' 
 whitmere growled softly in her ear . 
 `` you killed your own kind for the sake of them . 
 them , jean . 
 them ! '' 
 whitmere spoke the words as though he hated and loathed them so much that the mere pronunciation of the word was too much to bear . 
 as he continued , his voice grew stern , with more of a violent tone . 
 `` we 're scientists ! 
 we were supposed to find a way to help our people , our people , survive on their planet ! 
 what went wrong , doctor ? 
 what happened to you ? 
 where 's your loyalty ? 
 tell me where he is and i 'll make sure you get a quick execution . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 maybe if you were smarter -- '' whitmere gave her a blow to the stomach . 
 he lifted her chin up as she doubled over in pain , gasping for air . 
 `` oh jean . 
 you are such a disappointment . '' 
 whitmere placed one hand around her neck and slowly squeezed . 
 jean 's eyes watered . 
 she found enough strength to smile . 
 `` he 's going home . '' 
 `` no , jean . 
 he 's already home . 
 this is where he was made ; this is where he will die . 
 i will make certain of it . '' 
 whitmere grabbed jean by the wrist and pulled her out of the room with him . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 jean screamed and cried . 
 `` we 're going where you told him to go , '' whitmere cursed back . 
 two double doors stood before darryl . 
 they would n't open . 
 `` something 's wrong ! 
 they 're not moving ! '' 
 barton crawled out of his hiding place to see what the problem was . 
 `` push ! '' 
 the siren ringing at the end of the corridor was loud and uncomfortable . 
 barton and darryl fought through it , working together , doing everything they could think of to get the doors to open , but nothing worked . 
 panic set in for them . 
 `` can we turn around and go someplace else ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 his fingers were twitching nervously . 
 he stared at adelle in bed , still motionless . 
 `` this is the only way out of this place ! 
 we need to open them ! '' 
 barton screamed , thrusting his shoulder into the doors , only to bounce off of them . 
 he looked at the map jean had given him and shook his head in despair . 
 `` i do n't understand it . '' 
 `` why would they be locked ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 his eyes were wide , his face sweaty . 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 i trust jean . 
 she would n't set us up . 
 look for a release . 
 there must be a way ! '' 
 barton threw his fists against the doors . 
 he realized then what was happening . 
 his face fell in worry . 
 `` the shield ! 
 it 's been breached ! 
 they are shutting down sectors to prevent a total collapse ! 
 we 're trapped ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 darryl cried . 
 he did n't know which way to turn . 
 there were no other doors , no other way to exit . 
 he looked into barton 's eyes , finding the same fear . 
 `` back ! 
 there has to be a way out of here ! 
 move ! '' 
 barton barked orders , not bothering to hide any more , taking the lead as darryl pushed the bed beside him . 
 the game was up and they needed to escape at any cost . 
 they raced through the hall back to the corner . 
 as they turned , the hallway before them stood empty . 
 save for one figure . 
 `` jean ? '' 
 barton whispered . 
 jean stood alone . 
 `` doctor barton . '' 
 barton slowed darryl , approaching her with caution , whispering to her with uncertainty . 
 `` jean ? 
 the doors are locked . '' 
 barton was confused . 
 `` is there another way ? 
 can you lead us out ? '' 
 `` escape can not be found here , '' she said . 
 she held his gaze , hoping he would see . 
 as barton and darryl came within a few feet of her , barton sensed something was wrong . 
 he saw jean 's tears running down her cheeks . 
 `` run . '' 
 she whispered so softly that barton missed it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 he saw the fear in her eyes . 
 `` something 's not right . '' 
 `` what is it , jean ? 
 tell me . 
 is it whitmere ? 
 does he know ? '' 
 barton pressed gently . 
 barton stood within a few inches from her when he saw it in jean 's eyes . 
 they were teary , but said more than her words . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she gasped painfully . 
 her head motioned to her right . 
 `` go . '' 
 `` run , darryl . 
 get out of here ! '' 
 barton yelled . 
 but it was too late . 
 from both sides of the hall guards appeared . 
 and in their midst stood doctor whitmere , aiming a weapon at jean . 
 `` no ! '' 
 darryl screamed . 
 `` move and she dies ! '' 
 whitmere stated . 
 `` run ! '' 
 jean cried . 
 `` save yourselves ! '' 
 darryl turned and ran back , pushing adelle in the bed . 
 she began groaning , but still did not wake . 
 barton looked at jean , and then followed . 
 `` this is the end of the line , my friend ! '' 
 whitmere yelled as barton and darryl disappeared around the corner . 
 `` there 's no way out ! '' 
 whitmere led his group slowly in pursuit . 
 he held jean against her will , weapon still drawn . 
 barton and darryl reached the doors and began ramming the bed and themselves into the doors in a desperate , frantic attempt to flee . 
 the doors did n't budge . 
 `` surrender or your friend here dies now . '' 
 whitmere called out , watching from the corner . 
 he motioned to his guards to attack . 
 jean cried . 
 `` he 'll kill me anyway ! '' 
 whitmere turned and slammed her head into the wall . 
 she fell motionless to the floor . 
 he turned back to barton , watching the guards closing in quickly . 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 barton turned to darryl . 
 `` get behind me . '' 
 darryl did as he was told . 
 they stood in front of the bed . 
 barton withdrew the weapon that jean had given him . 
 without warning , he opened fire on the guards , a heated light spraying into their midst . 
 darryl dove onto the bed , covering adelle as the guards opened fire with similar weapons , blazing red heated rays that singed the walls and floor around him . 
 he closed his eyes for a second , listening to barton scream his vengeance , hearing screams from the guards as they were either shot or they simply released their own hate-filled voices . 
 the seconds were violent packed . 
 then barton screamed . 
 as darryl opened his eyes , he saw a blur of bodies yanking him off the bed , falling on him . 
 he landed on the floor with a tangle of arms and legs with barton on top of him . 
 as darryl 's head smacked against the floor , he saw the bed being pulled away . 
 they were taking adelle . 
 arms and hands grappled around him everywhere . 
 barton struggled to fight them , lying on top of darryl awkwardly . 
 everyone was yelling . 
 it was chaotic . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 whitmere yelled . 
 `` or she dies ! '' 
 barton could see whitmere beneath a guard 's arm as he was pressed tight by two others . 
 whitmere held jean by the neck , pressing a weapon against her head . 
 guards stood over adelle , weapons drawn . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 whitmere said . 
 `` put your weapon down . '' 
 barton hated doing it , but he tossed his weapon . 
 bodies cleared off of one another then . 
 guards stood with weapons ready , pointing at barton and darryl as they sluggishly rose from the floor in a broken despair . 
 darryl screamed for them to let adelle go . 
 but whitmere ordered his men to take her away . 
 it all happened in slow motion to darryl , and yet so fast . 
 `` it 's not over , '' barton gasped . 
 `` you 're not dead yet . '' 
 whitmere walked closer to them , dragging jean along . 
 `` after i kill jean , there will be no one left to help you . 
 what will you do then , friend ? 
 i 'll tell you . 
 you 'll do everything i say . 
 and you wo n't remember any of it . '' 
 barton spit blood . 
 `` let them go . 
 i 'm the only one you want . '' 
 whitmere smiled , watching darryl begin to cry . 
 `` sorry , old friend . 
 this time you 're nothing special . '' 
 `` you 're a monster ! '' 
 darryl cursed . 
 `` to the surgery room ! '' 
 whitmere shoved jean along in front of him , keeping his weapon against her . 
 it felt good to dispose of all his enemies in one fell swoop . 
 it was time to let them all see what happens when they disobey me . 
 i 've got something to show them . 
 even the council will shiver at my name . 
 chapter 27 adelle opened her eyes wide . 
 she felt sick . 
 it took her a few seconds to gather her thoughts , to realize where she was . 
 the last thing she remembered was whitmere giving her a shot of something . 
 his smile was cruel ; his heart was even more-so , she had discovered . 
 she hated him . 
 it occurred to her then that someone was talking . 
 her drowsiness cleared and she began to decipher the words . 
 `` darryl ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 adelle raised her head slightly off of the bed to see . 
 a few feet away , darryl did the same . 
 through his worry-filled face , bore a smile . 
 talking to her had paid off ; she was awake . 
 `` thank god , adelle . 
 i thought you were dead . 
 i just kept talking to you , telling you i love you , telling you that we 'll -- '' `` what did you say ? '' 
 she interrupted . 
 `` darryl ? 
 do you ... ? '' 
 `` adelle , '' he sobbed , `` i remember you ! '' 
 adelle wept deep and loud , talking through it , feeling her heart break in a different way . 
 `` darryl ! 
 i did n't think you would ever ... remember me . 
 i kept praying and praying ... so hard ... and you did n't know me ... and i knew you would n't love me ... '' `` adelle , i 'm here . 
 i do love you . 
 i know that i do . 
 i know that i did , too . '' 
 `` and i was going ... to have him ... take away my memory ... so i would n't remember that ... i loved you and you ... did n't love me anymore . '' 
 adelle cried hard , her voice lost in tears and sobbing . 
 darryl stuck his arm over the side of the bed , trying , hoping to reach hers . 
 `` adelle , take my hand . 
 let me touch you . '' 
 adelle reached , stretching with everything she had . 
 their fingers touched and locked together . 
 `` i 've had this dream , this same dream over and over , where i was in a house , my house , and i was looking for someone crying , crying so painfully , and i knew i had caused it . 
 but i could never see her . 
 and now i know that it was you . 
 adelle i do n't know what had happened to us , but i am so sorry for making you feel like that . 
 i 'm so sorry that all of this has happened to us . 
 if i would have just ... '' `` darryl , this is not your fault . 
 i 'm just so relieved that you can remember me . '' 
 they worked on pulling themselves out from their saddened states . 
 darryl sniffled ; adelle took deep , long breaths . 
 `` i do n't know why , or what was happening between us , adelle , but i know that i love you right now and i do n't want to lose you . 
 not like this . 
 not here . 
 not ever . '' 
 darryl stated . 
 he looked into her eyes and smiled . 
 she was the most beautiful woman he had ever met . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i 've loved you from the day i met you , '' she said back . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' he said . 
 `` darryl , we 're not alone , '' she answered . 
 he followed her gaze , over his head and behind him . 
 two figures walked past ; one went to her , the other stayed with him . 
 nurses , he saw . 
 they began to configure the machine once again , punching in programs and pressing buttons . 
 the machines hovering over them began to turn on . 
 `` it 's happening again , '' adelle cried softly . 
 she begged the nurses to let them go . 
 no one listened . 
 darryl joined in , begging for mercy , begging for them to at least let him kiss her goodbye . 
 but the nurses kept working , silently , stone faced . 
 the machines began to work then , slowly lowering the face mask down . 
 `` no ! '' 
 adelle and darryl cried in unison . 
 in desperate , panicked voices , they cried and poured out their love to one another . 
 adelle felt his warm fingers twitch against her own , grasping them tighter . 
 she was losing him again . 
 she could feel a slight vacuum from the mask as it inched closer towards her face . 
 she wished that she could just die and be free of it all . 
 `` just kill me now ! 
 just do it ! 
 i do n't care anymore ! '' 
 darryl 's heart broke , listening to adelle cry . 
 he could n't see her face anymore . 
 he could only hear her . 
 it was just like his dream . 
 `` i 'm here with you , adelle ! 
 i wo n't let you go ! '' 
 a voice came over the speaker again , blasting with urgency . 
 `` any one in sector eight , you need to evacuate immediately ! 
 sector eight will be closing down , please move to the upper levels ! '' 
 the two nurses began speaking then , and one left the room in panic . 
 the one remaining bent down close , in between darryl and adelle . 
 her face was nearly expressionless . 
 `` what 's going on out there ? '' 
 asked darryl . 
 the nurse seemed unaffected . 
 `` sealing off this side ; all the wards . '' 
 her brown eyes were dismal ; her skin was tan like the others , her head covered in dark hair cropped short . 
 `` in a moment , you 'll feel a pinching sensation in your nasal cavity . 
 needles will begin to extract her blood and the transfer will begin . 
 it will be painful , but wo n't take long . '' 
 she looked at darryl . 
 `` i do n't understand what it is that you feel for her . 
 but i wish i knew . 
 i am envious . '' 
 darryl and adelle gasped in shock . 
 darryl asked , `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to reverse what whitmere had planned . 
 her blood will mix with your own . '' 
 `` you 're not with whitmere . '' 
 adelle stated in shock . 
 `` i take my orders from jean alone . '' 
 she smiled to adelle . 
 `` my understanding is that you are going home . '' 
 the nurse walked for the door . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 yelled darryl . 
 she turned back to him . 
 her eyes were hard . 
 `` there 's one more thing we have to do . '' 
 the nurse left the room . 
 darryl squeezed adelle 's fingers . 
 `` do you believe in miracles , darryl ? '' 
 adelle asked softly . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i do now . '' 
 the black masks enveloped them then . 
 darryl heard nothing of adelle 's voice as she cried . 
 the pain came instantly , like the nurse had said . 
 before he blacked out , he wondered if she had told them the truth . 
 whitmere held jean and barton in a room down the hall from his last two patients . 
 he had ordered his staff to continue where he had left off with the transfusion in darryl and adelle . 
 he would tend to them after his torturing of his enemies expired . 
 which would take a long time , he figured . 
 nonetheless , when he was done here , the other two would be in progression and he would deal with them then . 
 he finished tying the straps onto barton 's hands to the bed . 
 jean was strapped to a tall machine by long chain-like fiber strands . 
 her arms were stretched wide at her sides with a series of small tubes running into her veins . 
 she stood facing barton . 
 `` why do n't you let her go ? 
 do it , and i 'll give you what you want . '' 
 barton spit . 
 he tugged at his restraints , trying to find a weakness , but there was none . 
 `` you 're going to do that anyway . '' 
 whitmere poured some colored liquid from vase-like containers into the machine near jean . 
 he was careful not to let any spill . 
 `` my father served on the council for longer than i care to remember , '' whitmere began , working as he spoke . 
 `` i was pushed into being where i am by my relentless efforts not to fail him . 
 he was , hard to please . '' 
 `` let her go , '' barton interrupted . 
 `` but i never could please him . 
 when we realized that your planet was suitable for habitation , the job was given to me to find a way to make it work . 
 and it would n't . '' 
 whitmere 's eyes were cold , bitter . 
 he put a solution into an injection gun and stood by barton . 
 `` you see , when we landed here , our first attempts to blend in were in vain . 
 our race 's respiratory system can not handle your air . 
 this was not known right away , of course . 
 scouts died only after a few weeks on walking on the surface . 
 `` the council demanded actions . 
 they demanded that a plan involving a change of our bodies to match that of yours . 
 we could do it . 
 we can mimic nearly anything . 
 but first there had to be studies , there had to be changes . 
 so we began using your people . 
 we had to study you . 
 we had to work to find a common thread ; one that we could use to enable duplicity . '' 
 `` so you used us as guinea pigs fist , to see how we would survive if we were more like you ? '' 
 barton guessed . 
 `` more or less . '' 
 `` if humans could survive with our dna structure , then we would adapt ourselves to -- '' jean began . 
 whitmere turned on the machine she was attached to , filling her with pain , immobilizing her . 
 `` thank you , jean . 
 but i 'll take over from here . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 he raised the power to the machine , watching the levels of his solution drain into her system . 
 he delighted in her screams . 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 barton yelled . 
 `` she deserves no less ! '' 
 whitmere screamed back . 
 his eyes were alive with hate . 
 `` it all began with you ! 
 when we took you and she discovered that you were a doctor with intelligence for what we were doing , she went to the council and made sure that you were not made another patient . 
 you were made to work with us . '' 
 `` he was smarter than you ! '' 
 jean screamed through the pain . 
 her eyes were faint , her veins protruding everywhere . 
 `` you hated him because without him you would never , ever have had any success ! 
 you needed him to make your ideas work ! 
 you were better suited checking the ship for leaks ! '' 
 `` enough ! '' 
 whitmere turned the power on higher , sending volts surging throughout her body . 
 she screamed , long and terrible . 
 `` stop it ! 
 i 'll tell you what you want to know ! '' 
 screamed barton . 
 `` how did you change back ?! '' 
 whitmere screamed . 
 `` show me ! '' 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 jean 's screaming rose anew . 
 barton could n't look at her . 
 `` my blood ! 
 it 's in my blood ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 jean cried . 
 `` a traitor 's death ! '' 
 whitmere responded with vengeance . 
 whitmere threw the lever , pushing the machine into maximum drive , sending the killing solution into her more rapidly than jean 's body could sustain . 
 her screams drown out everything in the room as sections of her internal organs burst . 
 `` no ! 
 jean ! '' 
 barton yelled pointlessly . 
 he screamed helplessly , watching her body twist and churn in agonizing pain as blood began to seep out everywhere it could . 
 within seconds , her body fell limp , her eyes rolled back into bleeding sockets , and her voice whimpered dyingly silent . 
 `` i 'll kill you for this , '' cursed barton . 
 whitmere turned towards him . 
 his smile was cold and vicious . 
 `` not this time , my friend . 
 when the council hears that i killed you , only seconds after you killed jean , they 'll be sad , but relieved . 
 i 'll be granted what i need , what i wish . 
 and just like the family you left behind , you 'll be gone from our memories quickly . '' 
 barton screamed , thrashing violently against his straps , rocking the bed across the floor . 
 he was n't going to die there . 
 memories of his kids and wife flashed within his mind . 
 it hurt , they hurt , and it drove him beyond his physical limitations . 
 he was n't even aware of his actions as his mind went into a place of its own , a place of self-preservation , acting on adrenaline alone , giving him more strength than he could ordinarily muster . 
 he never felt the deep tremor rumble through the floor and walls , nor the sound of explosion somewhere close . 
 he never heard the door open , nor saw the two nurses rush in ; their screams went unnoticed . 
 he barely heard the bands snap at his forearms and chest . 
 he was only slightly aware of the panicked scream whitmere unleashed . 
 he held an image of his wife crying sadly , dressed black , hair unkempt , mascara smeared and running with tears , as he sat upright ripping free the last of his restraints . 
 `` get him ! '' 
 whitmere yelled to the nurses , backing away . 
 he looked desperately for a weapon . 
 he saw a weapon then . 
 it was pointed at him . 
 `` you killed jean . 
 get in the bed ! '' 
 the nurse with the weapon said . 
 `` what ? 
 we have to get out of here ! 
 the whole section is collapsing ! '' 
 barton threw himself out of the bed and cornered whitmere . 
 there was a fire burning inside him . 
 he would rip the doctor to shreds . 
 `` shoot him ! '' 
 whitmere yelled to the nurses . 
 `` get in the bed ! '' 
 the nurse demanded . 
 `` you 're taking his side , over mine ! 
 over your own ! '' 
 `` do what she said ! '' 
 barton shouted . 
 his hands were trembling . 
 he would grab the other by his scrawny neck and choke him down onto the bed . 
 it would feel good . 
 whitmere held the injection gun tight . 
 `` you 'll pay for this . '' 
 the nurses motioned towards the bed again . 
 this time whitmere calmed , nodding slowly , giving in . 
 he took a step forward . 
 barton kept himself between the door and whitmere . 
 the entire room shook again , bringing the group off balance . 
 voices yelled through the hall to evacuate , that the protective layer had failed and parts of the ship were collapsing . 
 `` you took my life . 
 now i 'm going to take yours . '' 
 barton said . 
 `` in the bed . '' 
 whitmere thought otherwise . 
 he turned quickly , jabbing the nurse in the neck with his injection device , sending the poison fluid into her blood . 
 she screamed and fell instantly . 
 whitmere dove for her weapon . 
 barton was quicker . 
 barton slammed his body down on top of whitmere as he slithered his arms around , searching for the weapon . 
 the other nurse rushed in to tend to her friend as the men struggled . 
 barton slammed his fists into whitmere 's head . 
 `` you took my dreams ! 
 my memories ! 
 my family ! 
 you killed me ! '' 
 whitmere squirmed beneath him . 
 then the nurse screamed , and the weapon fired . 
 barton jumped in response , looking to his side to see whitmere 's hand on the weapon and the nurse struggling to gain control of it . 
 barton continued his assault . 
 then he felt a sting of a needle against his side . 
 instantly he slumped backwards , sliding off of whitmere . 
 the doctor smiled , holding the injection gun . 
 `` you 're one of us , again ! '' 
 the nurse ripped her weapon from his hand and shot at whitmere , burning a hole into his left shoulder . 
 she stood quickly , standing over him , weapon drawn . 
 `` you 're one of us ! '' 
 whitmere laughed deliriously . 
 `` no ! '' 
 barton cried . 
 barton looked at the injection gun in fear . 
 his breathing stopped . 
 he could n't go through it again . 
 he could n't be one of them . 
 his mind filled with panic . 
 and then he saw it . 
 the gun was empty of a serum tube . 
 nothing had entered his system . 
 whitmere had failed . 
 `` look again , friend . '' 
 whitmere saw then what barton noticed . 
 he squirmed and struggled to escape as barton grabbed him and slammed him onto the bed , tying him down hard . 
 whitmere bled black through his shirt and lab coat , smearing it everywhere . 
 he pleaded for his life , watching barton take something out of his pocket and set it into the injection gun . 
 `` let me go , and i 'll get you out of here ! 
 i 'll make certain that you get home ! '' 
 `` somehow i do n't believe you , '' barton laughed . 
 his idea in motion . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 whitmere cried as barton placed the gun against his neck . 
 `` you want to know what it 's like to be human ? 
 now you can find out . 
 now you 're one of us . '' 
 barton fired his blood into whitmere . 
 the other screamed and cried , thrashing his body as a fish out of water , as the nanomachines went to work in him . 
 `` we have to go ! '' 
 the nurse cried in panic . 
 she tugged on barton 's arm . 
 `` we do n't have time ! 
 let 's go ! '' 
 barton smiled , watching his mentor , his captor for so long , squirm in pain . 
 the room rumbled again , the roar followed . 
 barton fell to his knees . 
 `` take my hand ! '' 
 the nurse yelled to him . 
 barton gave in to her and she helped him up . 
 they moved for the door , looking back once to make certain that whitmere was not able to escape . 
 she opened the door , walking him out , locking it shut behind . 
 he could hear whitmere screaming , but did n't care anymore . 
 death would find the doctor , he thought . 
 `` jada , '' he groaned . 
 `` jada . 
 i 'm coming . '' 
 the nurse led him quickly down the hall . 
 vibrations were felt with every step . 
 parts of the walls were eroding around them . 
 the hall was vacant ; the ward abandoned . 
 she had to help him , them , she corrected , reach the transport area . 
 it was what jean had wanted . 
 jean , her longtime friend and advisor . 
 she would make her proud . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 she shouted to barton , pulling him along . 
 barton nodded , seeing the fire in the other 's eyes . 
 it was now or never . 
 and for the first time in a decade , barton prayed silently in his head . 
 the hatred he had for god diminished , replaced with hope . 
 if you 're real ... send me home ! 
 chapter 28 darryl 's sight cleared slowly . 
 his head throbbed . 
 something black dangled above him . 
 he watched it for a second before he realized what it was . 
 then everything came back to him -- like the roar of machines and structures collapsing from somewhere close by . 
 `` adelle ! '' 
 darryl sat upright . 
 he saw her in the bed , rubbing her face . 
 she was alive . 
 `` darryl ? '' 
 she asked cautiously . 
 `` did it work ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i think so . 
 i feel strange . '' 
 the doors burst open and two bodies rushed in . 
 darryl and adelle turned to see the nurse and barton . 
 they sighed in relief . 
 `` we have to leave right now ! '' 
 barton yelled . 
 barton saw the worry in their eyes . 
 he helped the nurse get them out of the beds and on their feet . 
 they were together , he noticed . 
 they were normal . 
 he smiled . 
 it brought him hope . 
 they would make it . 
 jada . 
 avery . 
 lorelai . 
 make it for them . 
 `` we 're going home , '' barton said out loud . 
 `` the escape pods , '' the nurse said , motioning for them to follow her . 
 barton looked at the nurse . 
 `` jean was a great friend . 
 you make her proud . '' 
 the nurse nodded sadly . 
 she raced to the door ; darryl grabbed adelle 's hand and followed ; barton spit in disgust at the room and what it stood for , then followed them into the hall . 
 `` where 's whitmere ? '' 
 darryl asked . 
 `` he 's discovering his new identity , '' barton smirked . 
 barton drifted then . 
 he saw bits and pieces of the hall as they moved , heard parts of words spoken in between his drifting , but felt none of it . 
 as they followed the speedy nurse through the maze of halls and doors and stairs , his mind sent him home , back to his family . 
 the group encountered only a couple of others , all running for other sections . 
 the voice on the speaker boomed out once , stating that section nine was closed off . 
 they had made it out just in time . 
 the nurse moved faster . 
 she needed to save herself once this was finished , and she needed time to do so . 
 sprinting up a spiral staircase , the group reached the transport bay . 
 it was wide open , with monstrous doors leading to smaller ships and pods , ones used for surveillance , others for emergency . 
 machines were scattered along the walls , under the massive windows , towering above them like glass buildings . 
 barton hesitated when he saw the devices . 
 they were meant for capturing , he knew . 
 he hated them . 
 `` there ! '' 
 the nurse pointed to a section on the far wall where a series of doors lined the great wall . 
 seconds later , the room shook in waves , trembling with enough force to toss mounted units from the wall and nearly bring them all to their knees . 
 the boom that followed left no doubt that something terrible was happening . 
 and it was getting closer to them . 
 the nurse led them to a door and opened it . 
 inside was a tunnel with another door leading into a tear-shaped pod , attached on the outside of the wall . 
 she motioned to its door and began their farewells . 
 `` i 'll go no further , '' the nurse said . 
 `` i have to reach the higher levels . '' 
 `` we thank you , '' darryl said . 
 he shook her hand ; she looked surprised . 
 `` we owe you our lives , '' adelle added . 
 she hugged the nurse quickly . 
 `` go . '' 
 the other nurse motioned . 
 her face was saddened by her losses . 
 `` go ! '' 
 darryl and adelle rushed into the small tunnel and opened the hatch door . 
 they looked back , realizing that a secondary door stood just within to seal their exit . 
 they stood beside the pod opening . 
 `` barton ! '' 
 adelle urged . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 `` i ca n't thank you enough , '' he said to the nurse . 
 `` go save yourself . 
 we 're going home . '' 
 barton walked for his escape . 
 it seemed like he was waking from a bad dream . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 adelle asked . 
 barton heard adelle 's voice . 
 it sounded like an angel speaking directly to him . 
 walking into the tunnel was dream-like . 
 everything was cast in an iron-looking substance . 
 it was foreign ; it was alien ; he would never see it again . 
 `` we 're at the bottom of the ocean , '' he said softly . 
 he saw the look she gave . 
 he nodded to reassure her that she had heard him right . 
 `` all this time . '' 
 darryl opened the door into the pod . 
 he looked into adelle 's eyes and saw them sparkle . 
 they stepped in ; it was small , round with seats and small windows . 
 they turned back to see barton as he was about to enter . 
 in a blur behind him , the nurse ran , screaming . 
 barton turned back , knowing something was wrong . 
 he saw the nurse sprinting towards them . 
 out of the shadows , whitmere came -- his weapon firing everywhere . 
 `` close the door ! 
 go ! '' 
 the nurse screamed . 
 she raced into the tunnel . 
 she had to seal the door before whitmere was given the chance to stop them . 
 she stood at the wall , pressing a series of buttons . 
 whitmere 's shots exploded into the walls around her , plastering her in debris . 
 `` no one leaves me ! '' 
 whitmere cried . 
 barton saw whitmere coming . 
 he saw the nurse bleeding from her side . 
 she had been shot . 
 he saw the look in her eyes as she dropped to the floor , just before the door she was trying to close . 
 whitmere came rushing , his shoulder sending blood down his arm , dripping off his fingers . 
 `` did you think i would let you leave ? '' 
 barton rushed to the door controls . 
 he hit a switch and a massive door began to descend behind whitmere , trapping him in the corridor with them . 
 adelle and darryl screamed for barton to join them . 
 barton had to make sure they could escape , pressing buttons , not sure exactly what was happening . 
 he needed the secondary door to close ; he needed whitmere locked away from them . 
 as he turned , whitmere struck him down . 
 `` i 'm not through with you ! '' 
 whitmere stood within the tunnel . 
 the secondary door was closing just ahead of them now . 
 `` what did you do to me ?! '' 
 whitmere began shooting his weapon at barton , at the door , at the pod . 
 darryl and adelle dove for cover , closing the pod door . 
 sections of the walls in the corridor began to crumble . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 barton yelled . 
 without the protective shield , the ship had no way of repairing the wounds he was giving it . 
 the pressure would be too great . 
 barton crawled to his feet . 
 he felt his life slipping away . 
 escape seemed like an impassible mountain . 
 his hope faded quickly . 
 cracks formed along the walls where whitmere had shot . 
 small beads of water dripped from them , turning into steady streams . 
 barton saw them . 
 `` you 're mine , '' whitmere coughed . 
 barton felt the weapon at his head . 
 `` just do it , '' he told whitmere . 
 `` just do it . '' 
 barton was tired . 
 he had struggled for too long . 
 he was n't going home . 
 he had fought with all that he had , and he had lost . 
 better to save his friends , then to have them all die . 
 `` do it . '' 
 his voice barely made a sound . 
 `` it 's not going to be that easy , '' whitmere spit , hissing in pain . 
 whitmere pulled barton back off of the wall . 
 he would take him before the council as proof that their race needed to be killed off . 
 this time , they all die . 
 `` kill me ! '' 
 barton urged . 
 his eyes were on the pod , walking backwards . 
 the door before him lowering closer to the floor . 
 `` go , adelle ! '' 
 `` they 're dead , too ! '' 
 whitmere pulled his weapon off from barton 's head to shoot into the pod when a stream of water broke into a vicious sweep , crumbling a part of the wall , sending whitmere to his knees . 
 barton took control . 
 he turned quickly , striking whitmere in the head twice , knocking him hard enough to break lose his weapon . 
 water poured in unchecked . 
 soon the entire wall would be collapsed , he knew . 
 like the rest of the ship . 
 whitmere reached for the gun , but barton sent a blow into his wounded shoulder , knocking the other back into the rising water . 
 barton stood , walked over to him and stepped on his head , keeping him under . 
 `` the door ! 
 barton ! '' 
 adelle and darryl both screamed . 
 barton saw the secondary door would reach the floor in seconds . 
 he held whitmere where he was , making sure he could not follow . 
 this was the end . 
 `` i 'm going home ! '' 
 barton waited as long as he could , then dove under the water , under the closing door , and into the pod 's entrance . 
 barton ran to the pod . 
 whitmere 's screams died suddenly . 
 as barton shut the pod door , he looked back . 
 `` it 's over , '' he said to himself . 
 `` let 's go , '' darryl said . 
 barton nodded . 
 adelle and darryl scrambled to get locked in as barton sat at the controls . 
 he read over jean 's instructions . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 the pod 's windows showed nothing but darkness . 
 as barton set the program , the pod shuttered , coming to life . 
 it could n't move fast enough for them . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 darryl pleaded . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're leaving , '' adelle cried . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` now ! '' 
 barton yelled as the pod detached itself from the ship and began to speed up into the darkness . 
 it shook and trembled ; all of them yelling in response . 
 adelle and darryl sat together , holding each other close . 
 barton looked away , not wanting them to see his tears . 
 within minutes , the darkness in the windows became lighter . 
 then they saw blue water . 
 soon they were surfacing . 
 barton stood in the door and stared at the bright blue sky . 
 the air was hard to breathe , and he told them to do it slowly . 
 it was clean though , and it was theirs . 
 a few white , billowing clouds floated freely in the slight breeze -- one that could never feel more refreshing . 
 adelle and darryl stared out , too . 
 their arms were locked around each other , pressing close . 
 `` we 're home . '' 
 adelle said . 
 `` we made it , '' darryl added . 
 barton kept quiet . 
 words could not describe to them what he was feeling . 
 tears choked his vision . 
 he pointed in the distance . 
 a large boat was coming . 
 a cruise ship , he realized . 
 barton laughed then . 
 a cruise ship . 
 lying on his bed , a plate of fresh fruit beside him , darryl and adelle freshly showered and robed sitting close by , steve barton felt a shutter . 
 for a brief moment , he thought he was still back with them . 
 as his heart settled , his smile was unmatched . 
 commotion filled the deck and halls as the large ship swayed . 
 screams filled the airwaves then ; voices yelling that something was rising from the deep . 
 adelle and darryl swallowed hard , holding each other in wonder . 
 barton sat upright and looked out the small square window . 
 it was night . 
 yet in the blackness , something darker yet rose from the water , something that dwarfed the enormous ship . 
 it rose into the air , and in a blink , it was gone , disappearing into the sky . 
 steve felt his heart pound . 
 he took a drink and laid back down , resting peacefully as hundreds of voices screamed in terror . 
 it was early morning , the sun 's orange glow beaming across the water as butch threw in his fishing nets . 
 his father stood at the helm of the four-man craft , overlooking his son 's work . 
 `` dad ! 
 over there ! '' 
 butch pointed , and he looked . 
 something dark was in the water . 
 he turned the boat , moving towards it . 
 as they drew closer , his son yelled back to him . 
 `` it 's a body ! '' 
 butch wasted no time pulling it aboard . 
 it was a man , old and wounded , but alive . 
 butch began to dress his wound with shirts he had ripped into rags . 
 his father stood motionless . 
 he had never seen anything like it before . 
 `` let 's get him back , '' he told butch . 
 as he went to the boat 's controls , the old man opened his eyes . 
 they were scared , and filled with secrets . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 butch asked . 
 the old man rose gently , then wiped off his bald head and face with a shirt . 
 `` the air is thicker than i imagined . '' 
 butch had no idea what to think . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` whitmere . 
 doctor whitmere . '' 
 `` well , doctor , you 're lucky you did n't drown . '' 
 whitmere smiled . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 about the author sean mckenzie began writing screenplays shortly after high school . 
 after working with independent film companies , he went off to work on his first novel , the elf king , a fantasy fiction . 
 project human was adapted from a screenplay that he and his wife had written . 
 sean currently lives in northern michigan . 
 you can connect with the author at : https://www.facebook.com/authorseanmckenzie?ref=hl 
