 deceptions by isabelle arocho isabellearocho.com copyright 2012 isabelle arocho smashwords edition thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the author 's mind and are not to be construed as real . 
 any resemblance to actual events , locales , organization , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 license notes this book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this book may not be re-sold or edited in anyway . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 i ran away from home at the age of fifteen scared and alone because i could n't handle the life i knew was waiting for me otherwise . 
 i ran to a place i thought i could find happiness ; normalcy . 
 i found happiness , at least for awhile , except it was anything but normal . 
 i never knew normal . 
 i walked inside the large mansion style house that once held a feeling of home and love , now i only visited if it was needed for work . 
 i came when called and left soon after . 
 i was a courier for michael winston ; a very powerful vampire in town that oversaw all his father 's businesses . 
 his father was semi-retired now and relinquishing control . 
 why did immortal vampires feel the need to retire ? 
 they were n't getting older . 
 michael 's office was at the end of the hallway on the first floor . 
 i knocked and stepped inside . 
 seeing his beautiful face never seemed to get easier . 
 i knew michael and his family for years , for a long time i considered them my own family . 
 i stood in front of him . 
 i did n't say anything because with michael , less said meant more . 
 he stepped from behind his desk and handed me an envelope . 
 `` i need you to put this in caleb nikolas ' hands . '' 
 i took it . 
 `` it 's sunset , you do n't necessarily need me to do this . '' 
 i was their daywalker . 
 during the night michael conducted business himself or a higher up in the organization took on the task . 
 `` caleb is only willing to read the proposal if you deliver it . '' 
 michael leaned back against his desk . 
 `` do you know why that is ? '' 
 i could sniff out michael 's jealously before the thought entered his mind . 
 `` i have n't spoken more than twenty words to caleb in all the years he 's been in town . 
 i 'm just the messenger , it 's not my job to figure anything out . '' 
 i explained tightly . 
 i resented his jealously . 
 he gave up the right years ago to have any opinion about my life . 
 `` does he know what you are ? '' 
 `` i do n't know and i do n't care . 
 what i do care about is you questioning me when it 's none of your business . 
 you left me , remember ? '' 
 i could n't ignore the harsh facts . 
 he grew silent . 
 `` that was a long time ago . '' 
 not long enough to forget the pain every time i saw his green eyes . 
 `` exactly , no more questions unless it has to do with the job . 
 i 'll get this to him . '' 
 i left the room , once again wondering why i worked for the winston vampire family . 
 in the end , i always felt like i owed them my loyalty . 
 caleb nikolas was an alpha werewolf to the grayson pack . 
 no one knew exactly when he came to town and took over for thomas mcgill . 
 i only knew caleb 's been involved with various businesses for the last five years . 
 i knew of him through his dealings with michael and the fact he lived three houses down from mine . 
 i did n't know him though ; i knew only what i saw and nothing of the man himself . 
 i stopped home first to ditch my work uniform for a pair of jeans and a t-shirt , before walking over to his place . 
 caleb shared the home with his daughter when she visited . 
 i 'd never seen anyone outside the pack visit him , especially of the female variety . 
 he usually conducted any work in the packs ' main house ; an office of sorts surrounded by miles of forest . 
 i suspected they used the land to run when a full moon sat bright in the sky too . 
 with his car parked in the driveway it was a safe bet he was there and i would n't have to go to the grayson compound . 
 it was n't my favorite place to visit in the world . 
 i liked to avoid it at all costs . 
 caleb 's fifteen year old daughter , jamie , answered the door . 
 `` evie ! 
 another package for dad ? '' 
 `` yeah , is he here ? '' 
 `` yup , hold on a second . '' 
 she turned around and called out for him loud enough to wake the dead in the cemetery ten miles away . 
 `` i was just on my way out . '' 
 `` where ya headed ? '' 
 jamie turned around to make sure we were still alone before confessing , `` a date . 
 do n't tell dad . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 she ran outside the same moment i stepped inside . 
 the house was always nicely clean , yet still showed signs of being lived in . 
 magazines littered the coffee table , the pillows along the sofa were n't in order , leaving the house with a nice and classy feel to it . 
 caleb came down the stairs with an effortless jog . 
 `` she left ? '' 
 i nodded yes . 
 `` i wanted her to wait . '' 
 caleb was very protective of his human daughter and with every right . 
 he knew all too well of the dangers that lurked closely by , even of the one living on the same street with them . 
 he stepped off the staircase wearing his business casual outfit of black slacks and a dark buttoned down shirt . 
 the only indication he was home and relaxing was the shirt was n't tucked in anymore . 
 i handed him the envelope . 
 `` here . 
 is there a reason you wanted me to deliver this or did you just want to piss michael off ? '' 
 the two men worked together for the good of the town to prevent a war that would lead to too much bloodshed , but they hated each other and made no secret about it . 
 i refused to be a pawn in their continuing game to one up each other . 
 i might have to consider seeking a different line of work if it kept up . 
 conflict was something i kept far from . 
 conflict could lead to exposure and exposure led to threats . 
 `` it 's too easy to ruffle his feathers by using jealously . 
 i wanted you here to talk about jamie . '' 
 caleb walked over to the living room mantel and placed the envelop on top of it to be looked at later . 
 `` i know you two sometimes talk . '' 
 `` is that a problem ? '' 
 jamie was one of the few people i interacted with outside of work . 
 she reminded me a little of my life before it ended several years back . 
 continuing to move with a deadly grace , caleb took a seat on the couch . 
 `` no , since the divorce there 's a lot she does n't tell me and her mother . 
 i 'm glad she can talk to someone . '' 
 he let that sink in before getting to the main topic . 
 `` she 's been hanging out with ray and it needs to stop . '' 
 there was a harsh undertone in his voice reflecting the anger along his dark blue eyes . 
 he was worried about jamie and he could n't control her like he could his pack . 
 now i understood his need to talk to me . 
 ray was one of michael 's vampires . 
 `` you want me to run interference ? '' 
 i was n't sure i liked the sound of that . 
 `` talk to jamie , she 'll listen to you . '' 
 i sighed and agreed with him , she should n't be near ray . 
 `` does she know that i 'm technically a vampire ? '' 
 `` no and i 'm not sure she 'd believe you considering ... '' considering i walked in sunlight , i did n't feed off blood , and crosses and holy water had no affect on me . 
 some vampire huh ? 
 but i was immortal to never age again since the night of my twenty-first birthday . 
 i should be twenty-six . 
 the virus had n't fully infected me and i believed it had to be the fact i was n't human to begin with . 
 no one else knew that , to the public i was a vampire when i never fully could be one . 
 `` i 'll talk to her before something goes too far and she 's bitten but i ca n't tell her or ray what to do . 
 you should talk to her as well . '' 
 i explained while i slowly made my way to the front door . 
 `` i have and she does n't listen . '' 
 i faintly thought of my parents . 
 `` what teenage girl does ? '' 
 chapter 2 i did n't like to be near caleb nikolas for any longer than i needed to be . 
 werewolves and vampires did n't get along , it was in their nature to hate each other , and while i was n't the traditional vampire , there was still a great deal of tension between us . 
 lately i did n't want to be near anyone unless i had to , animosity or not . 
 i worked days and nights during the week as a hostess for one of the winston family owned restaurants . 
 during my free time , i ran packages and messages for michael for a nice fee . 
 i had desperately wanted to escape the winston family after my break up with michael but i made a life around them , that and i did n't want to run anymore . 
 when it got too bad being near the man i still loved i reminded myself it was still better than the alterative . 
 when i ran away from home there was something about celestin city that called out to me in a soft loving whisper of belonging my heart ached for . 
 the month prior to settling in i drifted from town to town . 
 after picking celestin to settle down , it was n't a week later that i met michael . 
 i applied for a job at the restaurant ; la amour , and landed it even though i lied about my age on my resume . 
 my first night there i saw michael when he came to see his father who liked to double as a chef in the kitchen . 
 i remembered i stopped breathing as i watched him walk through the doors . 
 his eyes were so green and light , with his dark brown hair they stood out even during that gloomy night . 
 he had n't seen me and i was glad because , again , i could n't breathe . 
 it was n't until he was gone for a good five minutes my breath returned . 
 later during closing time his father introduced him to the new girl ; me . 
 being a perfect gentleman michael smiled and said hello . 
 after a few months of hello and goodbyes we began to talk and got to know each other as friends would . 
 soon the desire for more grew and grew but michael vowed he would n't touch me sexually until i turned eighteen . 
 i was so in love and in lust that something like age did n't matter to me . 
 we argued several times over it and in the end we did it his way and remained chaste . 
 i always knew that he was a vampire , his father too , and i knew about the other supernatural beings in town because i could sense them . 
 knowing michael was a vampire and deadly never turned me away , i never cared . 
 he was my first crush , my first mate , my first and last love . 
 one night we went too far , his limits were pushed to the edge , he bit and changed me . 
 after that his father felt our relationship should end , michael agreed and said we never should 've been together in the first place . 
 it broke my heart because i knew he blamed himself for what happened , the turn and the failure of it never full taking . 
 i understood his point of view , to a point , but in the end i did n't care . 
 he shattered my heart and the love we shared . 
 deep down i hated him for it . 
 for a long time i wanted to pack up and escape the heart break by running to another town . 
 i thought about the life i made for myself outside the shadows of my past and could n't do it . 
 i could n't run anymore . 
 i kept my jobs with the winston family and vowed to eventually get michael out of my heart . 
 five years later i was still trying to do just that . 
 it was late into the night or early morning considering how you looked at it . 
 i laid in my bedroom wide awake with the day 's events in my head . 
 they were mostly about michael and when i could n't take it anymore i thought of jamie and caleb . 
 jamie was making a big mistake if she and ray were more than friends . 
 i was proof a relationship with a vampire could n't work . 
 that and her father was a powerful werewolf with a simmering temper . 
 caleb moved into town a few months before i was turned , there was a good chance he knew what happened and wanted me to share with jamie my own trials and errors . 
 i made up my mind to talk to her after work later today . 
 jamie would be in town for another two months before getting shipped back home with her mom . 
 that was more than enough time for trouble to arise . 
 not in the mood to rush getting ready i got out of bed earlier than my usual wakeup time . 
 after showering i grabbed my work uniform . 
 the styles varied here and there but the outfit was always a modest black dress . 
 being hostess you must to look nice and match the other wait staff , the waiters wore black with touches of white . 
 i tied my sun streaked brown hair into a pony tail and added a little make up . 
 the last touch was putting my family pendant back on . 
 i ran from home eleven years ago but i could n't leave everything behind . 
 i had vivid memories of being barely three years old and my mom explaining the responsibility i had not to lose it , that it was a very important part of our family . 
 the restaurant was open about twenty hours a day with a strong crowd during all the major dining points of the day ; morning , lunch , and dinner . 
 if la amour was open there were customers . 
 i went through the back entrance and locked my bag away in my assigned locker . 
 one of the waitresses , megan , was there doing the same . 
 `` hey evie . '' 
 she greeted with a smile . 
 `` the doors have n't reopened yet and there 's already folks waiting . 
 the boss ' food is like a drug . '' 
 dominic winston was a mastermind in the kitchen and passed down his recipes to his trusted chefs . 
 being nearly a thousand years old he knew which foods worked and which ones did n't . 
 his vast experience brought back old culture to his establishments . 
 megan continued to talk as we made our way through the restaurant . 
 `` tonight is going be pretty tense , the boss is having a dinner party on the roof deck and you know how he gets for everything to be perfect . '' 
 that meant a business meeting and there was a good chance it had something to do with the proposal i delivered to caleb . 
 i knew some of the agreements between the shifters and the undead , i delivered my fair messages between the two but it was never discussed out right with me . 
 i knew what i knew because i was nosey and asked around . 
 i kept listening as meg expressed her worry about working a double shift while the boss was so close . 
 she was a big people pleaser who did n't like to disappoint and did n't want to seem too tired for the task . 
 after a quick goodbye i went to my station . 
 the restaurant carried an old french quarter feel , during the day it was bright and shined lots of sunlight through the large doors . 
 at night it was more candle lit and soft , alluring to all the vase crowds . 
 the front door lead you down a hallway , at the end sat my podium with a reservation book , phone , and two shelves behind the old dark wood . 
 the doors opened five minutes later . 
 some customers reserved their favorite table days ahead and others were walk-ins we could sometimes fit . 
 there was always a good chance to get a seat during the day . 
 at night you needed a reservation because the undead came out to play and they frequented la amour nightly . 
 we sometimes got other supernaturals who did n't mind putting aside a grudge and enjoying some good food . 
 i kept a smile in place as i showed the guests to their seats . 
 i had perfected what i called my business smile ; forced but well faked . 
 i was filling in a new reservation when i noticed someone was standing in front of me . 
 not someone ; caleb . 
 i knew it was him before i looked up . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he handed me back the envelope i delivered last night . 
 `` you can give this to michael . '' 
 i placed the envelope on one of my hidden shelves . 
 `` soon ? '' 
 `` when you can . '' 
 he said before giving a curt nod and leaving . 
 i watched him go , noting he was much tenser than the other times he visited the restaurant . 
 i had a feeling it was business was n't going well . 
 when business goes bad with dangerous kinds like caleb , it was safe to keep your eyes very open . 
 chapter 3 during my lunch break i took the long scenic drive to michael 's home . 
 most vampires slept during the day and i thought it was the best way to get in and out without having to see him . 
 i did n't want to risk any messy feelings bringing me down . 
 i could leave the envelope on his desk and walk away . 
 but much to my surprise he was awake and seated behind his desk . 
 so much for in and out . 
 `` no sleep today ? '' 
 i knew he would be at that meeting the staff was going crazy to have ready by sunset . 
 `` catnaps work just fine . 
 are you working the night shift ? '' 
 `` no , rosie is . '' 
 i quickly picked up on the fact caleb was n't the only one walking around tense . 
 i knew from past experience when michael worked during the day , it had to do with more than some shipping problem or disagreement amongst the business parties . 
 `` is everything ok ? '' 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 `` because you know if something was wrong , i 'd help you . '' 
 michael looked up from his desk and his green eyes softened . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` all right then , i should get back to work . '' 
 i turned around and left as my heart protested every step . 
 i wanted to stick around and make him talk to me but the same way he lost his rights to me , i lost mine to him . 
 i could n't demand answers or pout until i got my way anymore . 
 since i was still on my lunch break i did n't immediately go back to my post , instead i went to the back room and made a call . 
 rosie was glad when i offered to cover her shift because she did n't like to work the night shift anyway . 
 things that came out during the darkest hours scared her . 
 vampires were made public a few weeks ago and now people like rosie knew there was no doubt about what came out of the shadows . 
 with each passing hour the crowd would pick up and change . 
 the day held simple business men and women dining with colleagues to discuss whatever it was they did . 
 toward sunset the crowd became secretive and mellower to the naked eye . 
 to my eye , the non-humans began to join the living . 
 there was a separate list when dominic held his roof top parties . 
 i escorted those invited through the elevator up to the garden rooftop where there was a large table everyone sat at . 
 it was meant to represent unity . 
 caleb was one of the last to arrive . 
 the hours since we last saw each other eased some tension from his shoulders . 
 he looked like his normal hard ass self . 
 the elevator ride was silent and routine until it stopped with a rough jerk downward . 
 i stumbled back where caleb 's hands around my waist stopped me from hitting the floor . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i mumbled and pulled away from him . 
 i walked over to the doors and banged on them . 
 yeah , like that was going to help . 
 `` dominic is going to be pissed . '' 
 there was nothing my boss hated more than tardiness . 
 `` it would seem so . '' 
 the way he said it caused me to turn around and follow my gut reaction . 
 my face twisted with confusion . 
 `` you set this up ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` why ? '' 
 caleb shrugged again . 
 he leaned back against the teal colored paneling . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be here . 
 i just needed a little stall time and there 's no reason for you to get angry or possessive . 
 no one 's being hurt . '' 
 i did n't like the sound of that . 
 he was lying to me , he had to be planning something and it involved michael . 
 i could n't think of one reason for his insane thought process or the need for stall time . 
 `` do n't be so sure because i 'm feeling a little violent . 
 i do n't like games , especially if i 'm involved , planned or not . '' 
 `` are you getting ready to rant and throw a tempter tantrum ? 
 warn me so i can zone you out . '' 
 i inhaled sharply . 
 `` i really do n't like you . 
 how long are we stuck for ? '' 
 i looked back at the doors ; it 'd be so easy to open them if i was n't paranoid about exposure . 
 `` ten minutes , tops . '' 
 `` you 're setting something up ; i know that for a fact . 
 are n't you worried i might tell dominic or michael ? '' 
 i crossed my arms and leaned against the opposite side of the elevator to face him . 
 i never realized how small the box was until i was trapped with someone who got under my skin . 
 there was n't enough distance . 
 `` how do you know they are n't involved ? '' 
 asked caleb . 
 `` are they ? '' 
 his response was to shrug again . 
 we fell into a silence i could only describe as annoying . 
 i thought back to the envelope , could it be that he and michael came to some sort of understanding ? 
 try as hard as i might i could n't see what purpose there was for caleb to be late to the party . 
 `` this is stupid . '' 
 `` why are you so nervous ? '' 
 `` i 'm not nervous , you 're mixing up your scents . 
 i 'm angry . 
 i should 've went home at sunset but it 's easier when dominic has meetings if it 's me to escort the guests . 
 rosie -- the pretty little human -- always gets mistaken for a snack . 
 trying to be nice , look what happens . '' 
 `` speaking of human , what are you ? '' 
 i met his dark blue eyes . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` everything has its scent , i met you before you were changed and you were n't human then either . 
 i could n't figure it out . '' 
 caleb explained , a faraway look that suggested he was remembering that time years ago . 
 it was my turn to shrug . 
 `` maybe you got your scents crossed . 
 you seem to be good at that . '' 
 it was a lame answer . 
 werewolves could sniff anything out from race , moods , even thoughts if they tried hard enough . 
 `` maybe but not likely . 
 you hold a lot of secrets evangeline cortez and i 'm curious . '' 
 caleb replied smoothly , seeming approachable like someone you 'd want to tell all your secrets to . 
 `` do n't be , i 'm none of your business . '' 
 we said nothing more to each other . 
 minutes later the elevator started back up . 
 chapter 4 when i stepped out of the elevator with caleb , michael quickly turned from his seat and locked eyes with me . 
 the vampire whispered something to the man seated at his right before standing . 
 he joined me on the deck . 
 `` i thought you were n't working tonight . '' 
 he said . 
 `` i changed my mind . 
 these things scare rosie . 
 caleb was the last to arrive , i 'll let you get back to your gathering . '' 
 i retraced my movements back downstairs . 
 the rest of the night ran smoothly , the restaurant was packed and there was no shortage of things that needed to be done , for which i was grateful . 
 if i stopped working i 'd start to wonder about what was happening on the roof . 
 if the peace treaty between the vampires and the werewolves was ever broken , all of celestin would suffer . 
 i did n't stay until closing time because my normal shift would be starting not too long after that . 
 it was well past midnight when i stepped into my small little two story house . 
 i undressed on my way to the bedroom . 
 it was dark without a single light on in any of the rooms but i could see perfectly . 
 vampirism enhanced my already perfect sight . 
 i changed into some pajamas . 
 it did n't take long for the lack of sleep over the last two days to catch up with me . 
 in minutes i was out cold . 
 three hours later i jumped up in bed panting and sweating all over the place . 
 the sensation that woke me was something i had n't felt for a very long time . 
 not a single thought entered my mind , following blind instinct i bolted from the house and down the street . 
 i followed the surge of power that pierced through me right to caleb 's house . 
 i mentally cursed . 
 the front door was unlocked . 
 i stepped inside and saw the stranger aiming a knife at a knocked out caleb . 
 jamie was also knocked out along the staircase with her thin frame twisted at an odd angle . 
 from my spot in the doorway i used a burst of power to knock the knife clear across the room . 
 the stranger went flying too with a swing of my hand . 
 he slammed into a table before regaining his composure . 
 the stranger chuckled as he stood with cold eyes now on me . 
 `` a witch ? '' 
 he smiled and sniffed the air . 
 `` the runaway witch ? 
 this is going to be fun . 
 you 've been wanted dead for disgracing our name . '' 
 i shut the front door . 
 `` but killing people is ok now ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 `` better . '' 
 he swung his hands forward , bending the air between us into a powerful blow . 
 i jumped out of the way . 
 `` there 's just some shit you do n't forget . '' 
 using my mind i grabbed objects closest to him and began throwing them . 
 it felt weird to use magic after so many years but also very gratifying . 
 i missed it . 
 we soon got close to each other and the battle got physical . 
 my fist connected directly to his nose , breaking it with a crunching sound . 
 he pushed me using his power across the room into the china cabinet , the glass shattered and rained down to the floor . 
 `` i 'm not going to let you hurt them . '' 
 i breathed , trying my hardest to regain my composure . 
 he was so much stronger than i was . 
 `` it 's part of the job , do n't take it personal . '' 
 `` job ? '' 
 there was no time for answers when he came at me again from across the room . 
 energy crackled through my hand looking like very thin strikes of thunder as i dodged his mental blows . 
 the familiar tinge of pain made its way through my body letting me know my eyes had changed . 
 they were a solid black , my hands were both visibly releasing power . 
 if i did n't use everything i had , caleb and jamie would suffer for it . 
 i could n't let that happen . 
 i levitated off the floor and aimed every ounce of power i had at him . 
 the warlock went flying back , breaking the front door and landing somewhere outside . 
 i ran after him and by the time i reached the porch he was gone . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i wanted to kill him . 
 fury boiled inside of me with no more targets to aim it at . 
 i stepped back inside where both caleb and jamie were looking at me . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 the girl exclaimed . 
 `` that was some tricky-freaky-abnormal stuff . 
 i did n't know witches could do that . '' 
 `` not all can . '' 
 i turned my eyes to the door . 
 using more magic , it flew back into its right position without a screw out of place . 
 i chuckled and touched my hand to the door . 
 `` dad would be proud . '' 
 `` evie ? '' 
 jamie stepped off the steps with a slight limp . 
 `` do you know your eyes are completely black ? '' 
 `` yeah , that happens when you tap into too much of your power . '' 
 i closed them and took a deep breath before opening them again . 
 `` how about now ? '' 
 `` better , but not normal . 
 instead of your usual color , they 're red . '' 
 `` it 'll fade later . '' 
 i was mad , after using a great amount of power your eyes tended to take on the color of your mood . 
 i jumped a step back when i felt a hand on my shoulder . 
 i met caleb 's blue eyes . 
 `` you should be happy , you know my secret now . '' 
 `` no , that was just the tip of the iceberg . 
 i 've never seen a witch levitate off the floor with powers coming through their hands . 
 you threw that guy clear across the street before he ran . '' 
 caleb recapped with a mixture of confusion , anger , and something like awe . 
 `` jamie , why do n't you go upstairs . '' 
 `` but dad -- '' `` go . '' 
 jamie turned on her heel and marched upstairs mumbling how unfair it was she was treated like a child . 
 it seemed to escape her mind that her father could hear a pin drop in a very crowed room . 
 i spoke . 
 `` it 's a story that can wait until later . 
 why do n't you tell me what the hell happened here tonight ? '' 
 i sat on the sofa as my body began to shake from the inside . 
 magic was like a drug , coming down was never easy . 
 caleb sat on the dark colored loveseat . 
 `` he wanted to kill me and take jamie . '' 
 i looked at him . 
 `` what ? 
 kill you i can understand seeing as you piss a lot of people off , but to take jamie and not to use her against you as leverage , why ? 
 and to hire a warlock from the coven , since when ... '' i grew very confused . 
 i never expected to encounter the coven in caleb 's living room of all places . 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 the only idea coming to me is our residential vampire lover boy got restless . '' 
 `` that could be true , ray could want to run away with jamie but killing you and using a powerful witch from a secret society coven -- no that does n't make sense . 
 whoever is behind this has a much bigger idea than love . '' 
 `` he does n't love her , he only wants to use her . '' 
 caleb said tightly . 
 his hands clamped together tight enough to rival the hard line of his jaw . 
 someone was very mad . 
 i held up my hands . 
 `` i 'm not arguing with you , but you 're wrong about who wants to kill you this time . 
 someone was willing to take a lot of risk to insure you would n't be able to fight back . '' 
 i looked up from my lap and met his dark eyes . 
 `` he 'll be back . '' 
 he stared at me with hard eyes . 
 his tense unreadable expression melted away as something else grabbed his attention . 
 `` i smell blood . '' 
 so did i , very close . 
 i reached behind my back and my hand came back red . 
 `` that explains it . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 chapter 5 `` he threw you into the cabinet that was bound to leave a mark . '' 
 caleb said as he pulled me off the sofa by my forearms to take a better look . 
 `` it 's a piece of glass in your back . 
 it 's in deep . '' 
 `` just pull it out . '' 
 i replied tightly . 
 the numbness was gone and now that i was aware of the wound ; it hurt like a bitch . 
 i rested my head on his shoulder as he stood beside me . 
 i could n't stand without assistance and it was n't the time to be picky . 
 without voicing his plan , caleb led me to the adjoining kitchen bar . 
 i braced myself against the cold marble as he walked away . 
 he came back with bandaging and alcohol , yup , this was going to hurt . 
 he walked behind me , his hand slipping to my waist to hold me in place . 
 i realized for the first time how hot his hands ran . 
 we never touched before . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see a choice here . '' 
 i realized his hand was along bare skin . 
 i changed into a small top that fell short of my stomach and a pair of running shorts for bed . 
 i could n't ignore how acutely aware i was of his hand . 
 i must be in more pain than i thought . 
 `` are you always this sarcastic ? '' 
 the alpha on the other hand wanted to be picky . 
 `` yeah -- fuck ! '' 
 he pulled the large piece of glass from my back and i could n't breathe anymore . 
 i rested my head down on the counter as he put a towel to contain the dripping blood . 
 `` language . '' 
 jamie was back and standing somewhere in front of me . 
 i was breathing hard and ragged . 
 `` i 've heard you say worse but shhh , do n't let your father hear that . '' 
 caleb chuckled behind me and slowly began to lift the already too small t-shirt . 
 `` it 's pretty deep but the blood is already slowing down , you wo n't need stitches . '' 
 at my thumbs up he began to wipe away the dry blood and clean the wound . 
 i did n't want to talk anymore , the wound hurt more than i would 've liked . 
 i could handle pain but that piece of glass was damn evil . 
 i was holding on to the edge of the marble counter very tight , jamie noticed and placed her hand over mine . 
 `` you kicked ass today . 
 you know , you 'd be a good show and tell project too . '' 
 i laughed , sort of , it sounded more like a cat stuck in a dryer . 
 `` i was trying to keep a low key but it does n't matter now . '' 
 i risked a lot using my powers tonight . 
 there was no telling who it 'd get back to . 
 `` why did you keep yourself a secret ? '' 
 the young girl asked . 
 `` i did n't want to be found . 
 i 'm glad i was able to help you and i do n't hate my powers but i hate the life they demand . 
 i 've been gone for a long time so even if someone found out where i am , it should n't matter . '' 
 i silently hoped not . 
 i missed my family and always would but i knew how cruel they could be too . 
 `` no more questions . '' 
 said caleb as jamie opened her mouth . 
 he pulled my shirt down and stepped away . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 i started toward the door . 
 `` thanks , i 'm going home now . '' 
 i wanted to sleep all day , there was no chance in hell i was going to work either . 
 i was n't that loyal to the job . 
 caleb followed me out to the porch . 
 `` you 're barefooted . '' 
 `` i live a few houses down , no big deal . 
 i 'm sorry for the big mess you have in there . 
 if you wait until later i can fix it for you . '' 
 `` you 're going to continue to use your magic ? '' 
 `` yeah , why not ? 
 the secret is out and after eleven years i forgot how much i loved it . 
 i stayed here after everything with michael because i did n't want to run anymore . 
 i do n't want to run from my magic either ; it 's part of me . '' 
 i stepped down the steps . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 `` we need to talk , evangeline . '' 
 he was n't able to keep his frustration out of his voice . 
 `` later . '' 
 he had questions and i had my own . 
 most importantly we needed to figure out who sent the warlock that wanted caleb dead . 
 i stopped just short of my walkway , we ? 
 i shrugged it off . 
 i was part of the mess now , -lrb- one -rrb- because the warlock was pissed and there was a good chance he wanted revenge , -lrb- two -rrb- they needed help and i was the best shot . 
 caleb was smart but in celestin witches were rare . 
 plus , no local witch had the level of power me or the warlock had . 
 caleb did n't know what he was up against , which also put jamie at risk . 
 i was fond of her . 
 i had to do something to help them . 
 i stepped inside and made a point of searching the whole two story home before locking up . 
 i was safe . 
 i fell stomach first onto the bed and did n't move until the sun was high along the bright blue sky . 
 i washed up and changed into a pair of jeans and a fresh t-shirt . 
 i stood in front of the mirror gripping the sink as i stared into my eyes ; they were back to their normal grayish blue color . 
 i thought back to a day in my childhood home , where i stood in the mirror a lot like that one and made my choice to leave . 
 it was n't easy but necessary . 
 the girl staring back at me now was n't so different from then , she was still unsure and scared . 
 i flicked the light off and left the bathroom . 
 i made sure to call rosie to cover me for my morning shift . 
 after the favor i did her last night she did n't mind . 
 after hanging up , i sat on the edge of the bed fingering my chain . 
 i was n't itching to go back to caleb 's yet and one thought kept me frozen in my room . 
 there was one thing i could do to help , to get the answers in the matter of minutes but at what cost ? 
 i closed my eyes and shook my head . 
 no . 
 i could figure it on my own . 
 i sucked it up and walked to caleb 's . 
 he and jamie attempted to clean up their living room . 
 the furniture was upright again but not much else . 
 they did n't notice me standing at the door . 
 i ran my eyes along the room , fixing the mess as they went . 
 jamie grinned , dropping the broom in her hand . 
 `` i love having her around . '' 
 she ran excitedly up to her room to get dressed . 
 caleb came toward me , picking up a piece of paper off the coffee table as he moved . 
 `` this came for you . '' 
 he said apologetically . 
 his uncharacteristic soft manner left me scared . 
 it was n't a piece of paper , it was a photo . 
 tears stung my eyes before i could register the image . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` about two hours ago along with the rest of the mail . 
 it looks like someone mixed it in so it 's not a big stretch to guess who . 
 he does n't know where you live and he must 've wanted to send a message . '' 
 caleb spoke about the warlock . 
 `` who 's in the picture ? '' 
 i ran my finger tips over the glossy photo . 
 `` my parents . 
 i must 've hurt him more than i thought because he 's made it personal . '' 
 chapter 6 i sat on the sofa that i had magically cleaned before i left earlier . 
 the wound on my back dripped blood all over the cushions before we noticed it . 
 i stared at the photo and noticed it was recent . 
 they looked the same with only a few winkles to suggest a decade passed . 
 `` have you given anymore thought to who would want to take jamie ? '' 
 caleb sat on the coffee table before me and glanced at the staircase . 
 he would try his hardest to keep jamie out of the loop for her own safety . 
 `` i thought about it after the adrenaline was gone . 
 i was n't supposed to be here last night . 
 i had a meeting that cancelled . '' 
 his voice dropped to a whisper jamie would never hear . 
 `` i 'm thinking i caught him off guard and he reacted the way he did . '' 
 i watched his midnight blue eyes waiting for him to lie , while also noting at the same time how beautiful he was that close up . 
 he had devastating handsome features , strong jaw line , high cheekbones , full lips , and those haunting midnight blue eyes . 
 a runaway thought wondered who kissed those lips . 
 `` so the idea she was going to be taken as leverage still works . 
 he held a knife on you but that does n't mean he planned to kill you . 
 maybe just wound you enough so he could run . 
 it was n't personal to him , he was just hired help . 
 you have to figure out who hired him . 
 i have to figure out who he is . '' 
 i knew i 'd see that warlock again . 
 i had to kill him before he killed me . 
 there was no other outcome . 
 caleb looked at the photo in my hands . 
 `` what do you think it means ? '' 
 `` it 's weird to have you ask my opinion seeing as we do n't really get along . '' 
 i did n't want us to forget that . 
 we were n't suddenly pals because he knew something about my big secret . 
 `` i do n't know what it means ; it could be anything but i have this gut feeling he is n't going to hurt them . 
 he ca n't . 
 they have more power than he could dream of and he 'd be condemned to death by the coven if he hurt other members . '' 
 `` he hurt you . '' 
 caleb said softly . 
 `` i 'm not part of the coven anymore . 
 i ran a long time ago . 
 there 's a good chance they want my head on a platter because of it . 
 he had said as much . '' 
 i kept staring at the picture . 
 `` the smart move would be to call them and warn them . 
 except , '' i sighed . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 i could 've also asked for their help to id the kidnapper but that thought was mind numbing . 
 they most likely would n't want anything to do with me , to reach out would only be pointless . 
 i looked up from my lap when i realized how quiet the room got . 
 caleb 's eyes were dark in thought . 
 `` neither jamie nor you are safe . '' 
 `` i can handle it . '' 
 he met my eyes and the intensity pouring from him was enough for me to move back . 
 `` she ca n't and until i find out who 's behind this , i might not be able to protect her . 
 you can . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` stay with her . '' 
 i continued to watch his eyes ; he was dead serious about what he was asking me to do . 
 i also saw the signs of hope he was holding , he needed me to say yes . 
 `` you want me to be her guard ? '' 
 i needed to be clear before i made any choices . 
 did i actually have one ? 
 `` yes , she likes you . 
 she wo n't try to get rid of you like the others i 've hired to watch her . 
 she 'll accept it and i 'll have some peace of mind . '' 
 `` you trust me with your daughter 's life ? '' 
 `` after last night , yes . '' 
 there was a wave of understanding settling between us . 
 while we 'd never be on the same side , i had proven myself very capable last night . 
 he needed my help . 
 i had planned to help them anyway , what was one more step ? 
 `` ok yes , i 'll be jamie 's shadow . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 jamie came back downstairs and looked at me first then her father . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 caleb explained to her the new arrangement ; i would be her new bodyguard and there would n't be a place she went without me until the warlock was caught and who hired him was taken care of . 
 jamie was excited ; she did n't mind having me around and loved the fact she would n't have to go to school . 
 i sat back against the sofa , tired , as they spoke . 
 jamie left to the kitchen to make breakfast as my cellphone began to ring . 
 i pulled it from my jean pocket and flipped it open to reject the call . 
 as i put the phone back in my pocket i noticed caleb watching me . 
 we did n't have to say anything , he knew it was michael calling and what happened last night reached the heavy players in town . 
 `` he 's not going to be happy about you helping me . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i know that but while i care about his disappointment at the same time i do n't . 
 i do n't work exclusively for his family and he does n't have anymore input in my life . 
 he 'll be mad but he 'll get over it . '' 
 mad , i hoped he 'd be mad rather than furious . 
 i knew michael better than that ; he would n't support my choice to help caleb and his daughter no matter how i tried to explain it . 
 `` who ? '' 
 jamie asked as she stepped out of the kitchen . 
 `` has anyone ever told you you 're very nosy ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 caleb answered . 
 jamie rolled her eyes . 
 `` not nosy , just very curious and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
 do you want something to eat , do witches eat ? '' 
 i looked at the young girl . 
 `` yes witches eat but i 'm fine . '' 
 i considered telling her the rest of what i was but decided to wait until she got used to the arrangement and learned to trust me some more . 
 i stood from the sofa . 
 `` since your father is here and its broad daylight i better run some errands now . 
 i 'll be back soon . '' 
 it was best to just go talk to michael face to face before he got some second hand wrong information from one of his employees around town . 
 he was up when i arrived , and i quickly learned i was right that he knew about the fight last night . 
 during the long course of our relationship i never told michael the truth about my heritage either . 
 he had questions and i was n't sure if i had the answers . 
 `` i wanted to tell you before you found out some other way . 
 caleb asked me to watch his daughter and i agreed . '' 
 michael leaned back against his desk with his arms crossed . 
 `` that puts you in whatever mess he 's got himself involved in . '' 
 `` i already am involved and this way i can help too . 
 the warlock that came to his place last night made it personal between us . 
 i hurt him , i was stronger and now he wants to prove a point by hurting me . 
 i wanted to tell you myself but i 'm not changing my mind . 
 jamie is innocent and caleb needs help , i 'm going to give it to him . '' 
 he nodded , clearly unhappy but accepting the facts . 
 he knew me well enough to know when my mind was set . 
 `` about the rest , your powers ? '' 
 `` how much do you want to know ? '' 
 `` all of it . '' 
 his green eyes gave way to the betrayal he felt over my secrecy . 
 `` it 's time to finally get it out in the open . '' 
 chapter 7 i chickened out . 
 facing michael and my past at the same time was too much to swallow . 
 i told him i was a born witch , he knew it was a little more than that because he worked with witches and none were like me . 
 i made up some excuse about needing to meet someone and quickly left . 
 he was n't happy . 
 i could n't remember the last time he was happy to see me , but he let me go . 
 i arrived back to caleb 's to find jake thompson sitting in the living room . 
 he was a werewolf i did get along with . 
 we had known each other before i was turned vampire and he was turned werewolf . 
 he was still young in the werewolf years only having six under his belt but he gained his control and strength quicker and better than anyone else . 
 he quickly worked his way up to the number two position in caleb 's pack . 
 i sat in the lounge chair . 
 `` did he tell you ? '' 
 `` he told me someone came after him and jamie last night and that you helped out . 
 he does n't go around telling secrets if that 's what you 're worried about . 
 plus i do n't need to know how you managed to help , i 'm just glad you did . 
 caleb had some pack business to handle . '' 
 jake casually explained . 
 i looked to the staircase where i could hear jamie 's movements . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere if you want to go . '' 
 `` i 'll wait . '' 
 jake told his alpha he 'd be there and it would take a lot more for him to dishonor that promise . 
 a pack relationship was something rarely seen these days , there was honor , trust , loyalty , a respect that was almost unfathomable . 
 `` i 'll check on her . '' 
 i did n't want to sit in one spot and risk thinking about michael or how easily he made me feel guilty for lying to him , for running away every time it got too serious . 
 who wanted to have a serious emotional chat with their ex they still loved ? 
 not me . 
 jamie was seated on her bed scribbling in a note pad . 
 `` hey evie . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i took the time to check the security of her room . 
 the room was big and fit for a princess , it was n't surprising at all to know caleb spoiled his daughter . 
 the walls were a pale pink with a flowered boarder along the edge of the ceiling there was a complete bed set , stereo system , large tv and dvd player . 
 the laptop computer was on the bed . 
 i moved over to her window . 
 `` how you feeling ? '' 
 i placed my hand over the glass . 
 `` imprisonment is n't so bad yet . '' 
 `` he just wants to keep you safe and before you say it ; no you ca n't take care of yourself , not against everything that 's out there . 
 we both do n't like to sit on our ass and wait so this should be over with as soon as possible . '' 
 i needed it to be over so i could get some peace of mind away from the past starting to work its way too close to the present . 
 `` it sucks i had to cancel all my dates with ray . '' 
 her mouth twisted into a frown . 
 i suddenly heard caleb 's voice in my head and that was n't a good thing . 
 `` maybe not , dating a vampire is pretty stupid , jamie . '' 
 `` we 're careful . '' 
 her eyes were the same dark shade of blue as her father 's . 
 she looked at me with all the seriousness in the world . 
 i feared she was coming to love the vampire . 
 i sat along the ledge of the window and sighed . 
 `` so was i , but a vampire 's instinct ca n't just be turned off . 
 i dated a vampire for years and it was fine until one night it was n't . 
 if he loves you he 'll try to protect you and when he ca n't anymore it 'll kill him . 
 then you 'll be left with a broken heart . '' 
 it was better to say that than suggest he could be using her when i did n't know the full story between the young couple . 
 i could n't tell her yet i was considered somewhat of a vampire . 
 i still needed some time to work up to that . 
 jamie was young and dramatic , she let that show now . 
 `` you dated a vampire ! '' 
 she was shocked to say the least . 
 celestin was a breeding ground for all supernatural , what else did you date ? 
 i thought with a grin . 
 `` it was a long time ago and a life lesson . 
 i 'm not trying to control you or ruin your life like i heard you yell at your father . 
 i just want you to know it can happen to you and it 's not worth it . 
 you 're young with no need to settle down . '' 
 i did my part and voiced my experience to her . 
 it was a choice she still had to make on her own , whether it was the right one or not . 
 i left her alone to think of that and process what she felt or wanted to ask me later . 
 i stepped off the stairs to find jake was gone and caleb was back . 
 the alpha stood by the fireplace looking through a stack of mail . 
 it looked like he did n't notice me but with his wolf i knew he heard when i left jamie 's room , maybe even what i told her . 
 `` how 'd your visit go with michael ? '' 
 he asked . 
 for a reason i did n't know or understood , i answered caleb , a man i barely spoke to in the past . 
 `` it did n't , i chickened out and left . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he turned away from the mantel , his eyes were very blue in the sunlight . 
 i looked in them and could n't turn away . 
 `` because i did n't want to tell him everything about me was a lie . 
 that everything i told him about me was never the complete truth . '' 
 i moved away from the staircase over to the first window . 
 it was bright outside , it looked peaceful and clean . 
 `` i talked to her about ray . 
 i think it might 've helped . '' 
 `` you 're sad . '' 
 the softness of his voice made me turn around , the empathy from him shocked me . 
 `` i can smell it coming off you in waves . '' 
 he said just as soft , it was weird to see him with a look of concern across his features for someone like me . 
 `` you want me to step outside , air out the house of all smells ? '' 
 caleb nikolas actually smiled . 
 `` no . 
 you could just feel better . '' 
 i turned back to the window . 
 `` i 'll try that . '' 
 i touched my hand to the glass . 
 `` i boarded all your windows up with an invisible shield . 
 if he comes back , he wo n't get in as easy . '' 
 i hoped he would come back and we could have another face off but without jamie in the middle . 
 `` have you thought more about it , what someone would want from you to go through all this trouble ? '' 
 `` there 's been peace in town . 
 with no clear conflict i ca n't make any guesses but i 'm working on it . '' 
 he was tense as he spoke , determined to track down who put his daughter at risk . 
 caleb was a business man that knew how to listen and reflect on all point of views before making a move , except now all bets were off . 
 he did n't care for reason once someone he cared about was personally affected . 
 i watched as two men came up the walkway . 
 `` you have visitors . '' 
 i recognized his wolves , mikey and jared , after jake they came around the house the most . 
 mikey was an odd wolf , he associated with vampires and worked for the master vampire of the city when he was n't working for caleb . 
 since both men kept peaceful ground for the good of the city mikey was n't torn between sides . 
 he was tall and lanky with average features and brown hair ; he did n't seem the animal type but he was one of the best . 
 jared was the quite wolf , he could be very deceiving with his subtle demeanor but he was a strong wolf . 
 his casual manner added to his already large sex appeal . 
 his eyes were a light green that looked exotic along his tanned skin and dark hair . 
 i was pretty sure he was hispanic with some familial ties to aidan jamirez , another alpha in celestin . 
 living on the same street as caleb for years i learned a few things about the pack . 
 standing right next to the door i opened it . 
 `` howdy . '' 
 i shut the door behind them . 
 `` evangeline is staying to protect jamie . '' 
 caleb explained my presence since it was rather strange . 
 the only time i was at the house was to deliver for michael . 
 `` excuse us . '' 
 he said to me . 
 the two men followed him into the kitchen . 
 i was surprised he did n't just ask for me to leave . 
 in the past he was always tight with me or indifferent but now that i was helping him it changed our dynamic . 
 i was relieved for the difference because maybe my time with the nikolas family would n't be too uncomfortable . 
 so i hoped . 
 chapter 8 while caleb met with his wolves in the kitchen and jamie wrote her sorrows down on paper i stepped outside to sit on the porch steps . 
 i could n't sit on my ass for the warlock to come after me or for caleb to figure out who was after him . 
 i knew what i had to do but i was stuck until sunset . 
 it was chilly out looking like it might rain soon . 
 i had a plan lined out , except , i was n't sure of it working . 
 i feared it mostly . 
 `` hey . '' 
 jamie jumped down the step and sat beside me . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i turned away from the cloudy sky to give her my full attention . 
 `` my dad does n't like me to worry or be scared and because of that he does n't tell me anything . 
 i saw him talking to mikey and jared inside , jake was here earlier and you 're here to watch me nonstop . 
 how bad is it ? '' 
 the young girl was worried ; it showed in her voice and in her eyes . 
 `` we do n't know and that 's why he 's being extra careful . '' 
 `` i wish there was something i could do . '' 
 `` there is , do n't give him a hard time at least until this is over . 
 he has a lot on his plate on a regular day and this is n't regular . '' 
 it felt very odd to defend caleb . 
 he tolerated vampires but did not like them , he did n't like me . 
 i understood the powerlessness she felt , again reminding me of a person i once was . 
 `` i have to bring a few things from my place , you want to help me ? '' 
 i was helping the werewolves but it was still tense inside the house . 
 i wanted to keep busy and stay away while the meeting was going on . 
 with a nod jamie stood from the porch and walked with me down the street . 
 i kept my eyes and ears open for anyone lurking near by but i did n't expect the warlock yet . 
 the coven witches did n't conduct business during the day . 
 we went right up to my room where i packed an overnight bag and a few weapons , mostly a couple of guns because you could slow anything down with a good shot . 
 jamie leaned against the dresser as i slipped my weapons box back under the bed . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 her eyes were distant , her forehead also wrinkled in thought . 
 `` why do werewolves and vampires hate each other ? '' 
 she asked , her mind still on ray . 
 `` i really do n't know . '' 
 i remembered something about a feud a very long time ago and the animosity still lingered , as if installed in each race but i did n't know much . 
 `` you should talk to jake , his best friend deal 's with vamps and they 're still close . 
 but i think it wo n't matter what the guy is , your dad will hate him because dads are like that . '' 
 i could n't stop myself in time before my mind jumped to my father . 
 he would never accept any man in my life unless he chose him , which he did a long time ago . 
 back at the nikolas residence jamie ran back up to her room . 
 i did n't blame her ; if i had a room like that i 'd never leave it . 
 she took my overnight bag to her room while i kept the weapons one near the sofa . 
 i glanced out the window and noticed the colors slowly changing as the night neared . 
 from my spot at the window i heard caleb and his wolves still talking . 
 it was n't serious business since the whole pack was n't there ; it was a job for mikey and jared to handle , tonight . 
 i did n't hear any details as the discussion ended . 
 i watched them come out of the kitchen from my spot against the window . 
 everyone stopped cold when the house shook like a quake . 
 i met caleb 's eyes . 
 `` he 's not wasting time . 
 make sure jamie stays upstairs . '' 
 he sent mikey up for the task as i opened the front door . 
 there stood the warlock seething at the bottom of the porch because he knew he could n't get inside . 
 `` you 're a sore loser . '' 
 i taunted . 
 `` i do n't lose . '' 
 he came up the porch and stopped two steps from the door unable to go any farther . 
 `` why do n't you come out and i can show you . '' 
 i slipped off my jacket . 
 `` it was very stupid to send that picture of my parents . 
 it 's death to threaten a coven witch you know . '' 
 `` you ca n't prove i did . 
 you 'll be dead before you can say anything and i 'll be the hero for ridding them of their embarrassment . '' 
 he smiled as he said it . 
 his words stung because i believed them , i believed i was my parent 's biggest shame . 
 i did n't say anything more . 
 i tossed my cellphone on the sofa and kicked off my sneakers . 
 `` like clockwork here you are . 
 i must 've bruised your ego a lot more than i gave myself credit for . '' 
 i put my hands on the frame of the door and leaned forward , teasing him as he still could n't touch me . 
 `` you agree to leave the alpha and his daughter alone and i 'm all yours . '' 
 `` evangeline -- '' caleb did n't like my plan . 
 the warlock smiled again . 
 `` deal . '' 
 i stepped outside and made sure no one else could by enforcing the barrier . 
 we circled each other on the lawn . 
 i was grateful none of the neighbors were out but that could change at any moment . 
 it was personal for my assailant and he wanted to make sure i knew that . 
 he did n't attack from afar using his magic , he charged at me for hand to hand combat . 
 i landed hard on the grass and felt his hand rip into my stomach with razor sharp claws . 
 the scent of my own blood surrounded all my senses . 
 i kicked him in the chest and sent him flying of me . 
 he landed on his feet in a crouched position ready to strike again . 
 `` is that how you want to play it ? 
 just because i left early does n't mean i do n't know how to handle what 's inside of me . '' 
 the feeling i opened inside my body was both welcoming and painful . 
 we shifted at the same time ; he took on the shape of a wildcat while i took on a wolf . 
 it was the first image that came to my mind , perhaps because i was around them all day . 
 i had denied everything of my past and what came with it , but i never forgot . 
 like riding a bike , i needed a second to get comfortable in the seat but i knew how to peddle . 
 there was no magic as we fought animalistic . 
 i was careful because he was still stronger with more years of training than me . 
 but i had rage on my side , i was personally invested as i wanted him to suffer for scaring jamie and threatening my parents . 
 we entangled in each other both trying to get the upper hand . 
 i felt his long nails scratch at me as we wrestled on the grass . 
 when i got the upper hand my jaw closed around his neck as i pinned him . 
 his warm blood ran down my throat with a bitter taste . 
 he clawed at me again down my back that time . 
 i jumped away before he could go too deep . 
 his neck was bleeding heavily but he would n't die from it , i was n't that lucky , but it was enough to send him running . 
 if he risked continuing the fight then he would die . 
 he was a smart fighter and he knew when to run . 
 i knew he 'd be back again and again until one of us did n't get up . 
 the adrenaline quickly ran out . 
 i fell on my side to the grass as everything at once started to burn and hurt . 
 before i ran out of energy i shifted back to human form and lifted the extra barrier from the house . 
 i closed my eyes in hopes to tune out the pain . 
 in seconds caleb was at my side , mikey not far as i heard him ask , `` what the hell is she ? '' 
 chapter 9 i woke up wishing i had n't , as soon as i did every inch of my body hurt . 
 the living room light was harsh and forced me to keep my eyes closed . 
 i knew i had passed out and that i was laid out on the sofa . 
 it was one of the few times i wished the vampire virus had fully taken , they healed faster . 
 i took a deep breath and told myself to suck it up . 
 i opened my eyes and found four sets of eyes watching me . 
 mikey and jamie wore wide eyed confused expressions while caleb and jared stood back without much of an expression at all . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i said , sounding awkward . 
 my eyes crossed in protest as i tried to move into a sitting position . 
 i remembered i was naked from shifting and held the sheet tight around me as i inched up on the armrest . 
 caleb sent jamie upstairs to wait until i felt up for questions , which i was sure she had tons . 
 he also sent mikey to watch her . 
 jared stared at me in a way that left me feeling uncomfortable . 
 `` it was stupid to go out there . '' 
 caleb said to me . 
 `` no , i knew what i was doing and trust me he 's hurting a lot worse . '' 
 i explained , meeting his blue eyes and hard expression . 
 `` i bit him . 
 i do n't have all vampire traits but i have that one , i can track him now and you can find out who hired him . '' 
 i planned to get some sort of blood sample from the warlock earlier but i had n't factored in shifting . 
 i had to be ready for anything when the warlock returned . 
 there was still something i had to do . 
 `` you 're a vampire ! '' 
 jamie screamed , apparently mikey could n't keep her upstairs . 
 she was upset and scared as she joined us all in the living room again . 
 `` is anything you ever told me the truth ? '' 
 i winced at her question ; it must 've been what michael wondered . 
 `` leave her . '' 
 i said to caleb . 
 `` i never lied to you . 
 i just never told you the whole truth . 
 remember what we talked about today ? 
 he went too far when he bit me and had no choice but to change me so i would n't die . 
 the virus did n't fully take because i was n't human to begin with , something he did n't know and he still does n't . 
 you want the truth ? '' 
 i asked her and glanced at the others . 
 i sat up more and explained to them how i came to be . 
 it was nearly a hundred years ago , the magic was nearly perfected now . 
 the supernatural world was nothing new . 
 they did n't find it strange to meet ; the navajo skinwalker and the american witch . 
 they fell in love and learned their children inherited the best of their worlds . 
 they were powerful magical beings that could also take the shape of many different animals . 
 a skinwalker would have to use the skin of the animal he desired to shift into but the new race shifted at will . 
 they were better and stronger than anything either had seen before . 
 the couple struck an idea and the magisterial malia coven was formed , malia being short for animalia . 
 we were n't publicized like the vampires or rumored like the werewolves and the witches , we were a secret society . 
 `` i 'm a risk being away from them but perhaps my parents trust i would n't betray their secrets . 
 if any of the elders found out i told someone any of this i 'd be dead . 
 i 'm a skinwalker witch that got too close to a vampire and now i can do some stuff they do but i do n't feed off blood . '' 
 i met jamie 's eyes . 
 `` you 're the first person i 've ever told . '' 
 she meant something to me , the young girl that was too smart and too lost at the same time , the girl i saw myself in . 
 i wanted her trust , i wanted her to understand . 
 her anger faded but confusion was still present when she turned away to the staircase . 
 mikey followed , leaving me alone again with caleb and jared who moved closer to me . 
 the intense predator look still laced his eyes as jared kneeled in front of the sofa . 
 `` you smell like us since you shifted . '' 
 i did n't know jared and that meant i did n't trust him . 
 i said and did nothing as he moved his face closer to my neck , inhaling my scent . 
 `` jared , enough . '' 
 caleb demanded . 
 jared sat back on the floor . 
 `` it 's too bad that vampire got ahold of you . '' 
 he whispered as the look in his eyes became something like lust . 
 it scared me and i looked to caleb for answers . 
 `` jared , go relax outside . '' 
 he said flatly to his wolf . 
 `` it seems he likes you now . '' 
 he added once we were alone . 
 i laid my hand over my eyes , the light was still harsh . 
 `` i do n't want to be liked . '' 
 he pulled the coffee table closer and sat down . 
 he ran his hand softly down my black and blue arm and explained just how hurt i was . 
 `` there 's ugly scratches up and down your back and your sides . 
 your arms and legs have bruising and swelling . '' 
 i opened my eyes and turned my head toward him . 
 `` everyone saw me naked . '' 
 i was mortified . 
 caleb smiled , it looked like that was n't what he expected to hear . 
 `` wolves are used to it . '' 
 `` well i 'm not . '' 
 i wrapped the wool sheet tighter around my chest . 
 `` how long has it been since you 've taken an animal shape ? '' 
 `` i ran away from home when i was fifteen , it was a few months before that . 
 the coven is a small village with miles and miles of surrounding forest . 
 no one knows we 're there it 's so empty . 
 i used to like to run there for hours . '' 
 the images became crystal clear while i remembered . 
 i could still smell the trees . 
 `` it was the only time i has happy there . '' 
 `` is that why you like to stay away from the compound , memories ? '' 
 `` and angry wolves . '' 
 i said joking because i did n't like how easy it was to be honest and serious with caleb , it was a complete turn around from just two days ago . 
 jamie saved me from thinking of what to say next as she sat in the other sofa . 
 `` so what other animals do you turn into ? '' 
 `` i inherited the wolf and coyote but i knew a girl that liked to go fishing as a bear . '' 
 she smiled and i knew she was ok with what i was , that our relationship would n't suffer for my silence . 
 jared stepped back inside and i felt myself blushing . 
 men like him caught me off guard . 
 i was bruised and bloody , what was there to like ? 
 after michael i swore off all men mostly because i was still in love with him and the heartache was too much on top of all my troubles and lies . 
 the female devil in my head reminded me jared knew what i was and i would n't have to lie about it . 
 plus he was a gorgeous man . 
 i needed to go home and get back to my routine as soon as possible . 
 i swung my feet to the floor . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 caleb asked . 
 `` going to get dressed . '' 
 i said as if it was obvious . 
 `` give me some credit i can walk up a few stairs . '' 
 i gave him attitude . 
 i was n't part of his pack for him to be telling me what to do . 
 he still sent jamie with me to make sure i did n't make my wounds worse . 
 chapter 10 mikey and jared were gone by the time i made it back downstairs . 
 it hurt like hell when i walked but the more i did the faster i got used to the pressure stinging along my body . 
 i felt caleb was somewhere near but i did n't see him . 
 i grabbed my phone off the coffee table and sat on the sofa . 
 i took several deep breaths , nothing was going to make the call any easier . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the deep male voice on the other line answered . 
 tears rushed to my eyes . 
 `` i need to see you . 
 it 's important and lives are at stake . '' 
 i did n't let any emotion show in my voice , it was easier that way with him . 
 there was a long pause on the other line before his voice spoke tightly . 
 `` tomorrow noon , at the meeting grounds . '' 
 he hung up . 
 i blinked and tears rolled down my cheeks . 
 i held the phone tightly as hope faded away , hope he 'd be different . 
 `` dad . '' 
 i groaned and slammed the phone down beside me . 
 `` are you busy tomorrow at noon ? '' 
 i asked caleb , still not seeing him until he stepped out of the hall . 
 `` i wo n't be here to stay with jamie . '' 
 `` you should n't go back there alone . '' 
 `` it 's safer if i do and if they wanted to kill me they would 've sent someone to do the job by now . 
 i will be dead meat if i take an outsider with me . 
 you asked me for my help so you have to trust me enough to believe i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 i was upset , i did n't have time to try and explain why he should listen to me or get into some argument . 
 i stood from the sofa and something started to become clear . 
 `` whoever paid that warlock to come after you will send someone else . '' 
 `` most likely . '' 
 there was probably nothing i could say that caleb already had n't thought of ; he never left any stone unturned . 
 if he was worried he did n't let it show . 
 `` if you have an idea or a plan i think you should tell me what it is , since i have my ass on the line . '' 
 i left the sofa and walked over to him . 
 was i challenging the alpha wolf ? 
 maybe . 
 `` watch it , evangeline . '' 
 his mouth was in a thin line , his arms cross over his wide chest . 
 his blue eyes looked on fire at the push i gave his buttons . 
 `` just tell me what i want to know . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to tell . 
 everyone is doing their part to find out who would be the most likely threat . '' 
 `` it ca n't just be anyone or someone even in town . 
 the coven is about five hours away and for the person to know the warlock they 'd have to be involved in something heavy . 
 i doubt the person knows what he hired to go after you , probably just figured he was a strong witch . 
 piss off any witches lately ? '' 
 whoever was coming after caleb was n't playing by the rules , they should 've at least made an offer before striking to get what they wanted . 
 they were going to use jamie as leverage ; they wanted something from caleb and not his dead hot body . 
 `` i have n't pissed off anyone lately . '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe . '' 
 i walked away and sat back on the sofa . 
 my cellphone began to ring and a quick glance at the caller id revealed a certain someone 's name . 
 it was n't uncommon for michael to call but lately i knew it was n't going to be a pleasant conversation . 
 i chickened out before . 
 i could n't do it again . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` are you busy ? '' 
 i knew what he wanted ; to continue the conversation i ran out of . 
 `` i sort of walked into a wall a few times and i 'm in no condition to go anywhere . '' 
 `` why are you doing this for him ? '' 
 michael asked , even over the phone i felt the anger in his voice across my skin . 
 i could imagine how tight his fists must 've been . 
 it was awkward to have caleb standing right there being able to hear both sides of the conversation and he did n't seem to be moving . 
 `` it 's not about him , it 's about her . 
 jamie is innocent , she ca n't fight this guy and i can . 
 i thought you knew me better than this . '' 
 `` i do n't know you at all , evie . 
 the girl i knew was what you wanted me to see . 
 was any of it real ? '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` you were . '' 
 i hung up the phone and again tossed it down next to me , the shorts i was wearing did n't have any pockets . 
 i sat there for a minute collecting my emotions before i stood . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 i left caleb in the living room and went upstairs to lie down . 
 i certainly was n't going to talk to him about the call . 
 jamie was still awake when i stepped into her room . 
 `` you ca n't sleep on the floor , '' she said . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` the guestroom is two rooms away , if something happens you 'll be here to save me . 
 but i really think nothing is going to happen . '' 
 `` i do n't want to chance it . '' 
 i had a sleeping bag rolled out along the empty space in front of her bed , out of the way with enough space to walk around . 
 `` is it because the room is next to my dad 's ? '' 
 i tossed my pillow down on the bag and gave her my confused look . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` you 're weird around each other . '' 
 she said , shrugging . 
 `` it 's the vampire thing . '' 
 i laid down with a sigh and i realized painfully i over did it downstairs , everything hurt much worse than when i first woke . 
 jamie peered over the foot of the bed . 
 `` it 's more than that . '' 
 she stated . 
 `` i think it 's sexual tension . '' 
 i laughed so hard it turned into a coughing fit . 
 `` you need to lay off the dramas . 
 i barely know your father . 
 now get some sleep because i think the lack of it is getting to you . '' 
 jamie did n't protest , she turned off the light and it was over . 
 i laid in the dark thinking about she said , why she would say it . 
 i did n't feel much toward caleb and certainly not any lustful feelings . 
 i lay there tired and sore but not sleepy , i was wide awake . 
 the thought of seeing my father again after so long was scary . 
 i knew it would n't be easy ; he was disappointed over the phone and in person it was going to be much worse . 
 after an hour and getting no closer to sleep i stood from the floor and walked over to the window . 
 my eyes drifted to the lawn where the fight had taken place . 
 a part of me was relieved the warlock forced me to use my powers , that i did n't have to hide anymore . 
 i missed being able to be myself without fear but i would never miss life at the coven village . 
 the footsteps creaking up the stairs pulled me away from my river of thoughts . 
 i listened as he walked down the hall to his bedroom . 
 i waited a few minutes before turning away from the window . 
 i looked at jamie as she slept , she would n't be waking up anytime soon . 
 i moved over to the door and silently opened it . 
 i felt more comfortable downstairs , feeling something like a watch dog that wanted to be near the front door . 
 chapter 11 my body betrayed me and woke up as if it was time to go to work . 
 i wanted to sleep some more but again i could n't . 
 i sat up on the sofa and realized i was n't the first one awake that morning . 
 i walked into the kitchen and found caleb at the table reading the newspaper . 
 it did n't surprise me at all to learn he was an early riser . 
 he pushed a chain across the table . 
 `` we found this outside yesterday after the fight . '' 
 i picked it up . 
 `` the family pendant . 
 i forgot to take it off but then again i thought we 'd be fighting on two legs . '' 
 mentioning my animal shape caused the alpha to tense . 
 i realized i was a new animal in his territory and that could be a problem . 
 `` is that going to be a problem , some weird shapeshifting girl living down your street ? '' 
 he laid the paper down and looked at me with those serious blue eyes . 
 `` not if no one else finds out but if they do , they might challenge you and a lone animal lives a hard life . '' 
 `` they should n't be able to tell , you did n't . '' 
 `` that was before last night . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 i was growing worried . 
 i already had vampires against me because they believed i should be eliminated for not completely turning . 
 they felt something had to be wrong with me . 
 `` i know it 's there , the unique scent you carry is the animal part of our soul . 
 since you let it run free it 's reawakened and now a very present part of you . '' 
 he carefully explained . 
 `` because you saw me do it but no one else is going to see me turn into anything . '' 
 i looked down at the pendent at my hand . 
 the clasp was broken from popping off my neck when i shifted . 
 i closed my hand around the chain and it was as good as new . 
 i put it back on . 
 `` jared smelled the wolf on you , anyone else could just as easily . '' 
 `` i just have to stay away from your kind . '' 
 i said , walking away back upstairs to get ready . 
 i knew it would n't only be the werewolves that could tell the animal scent on me , the vampires knew how to sort out different scents too . 
 i could n't take back what happened last night and like with my magic , i did n't want to . 
 shapeshifting was a part of who i was too . 
 with jamie still asleep i carefully took my bag from her room and went to the bathroom . 
 i washed up and pulled on a clean pair of jeans and a white buttoned dress shirt . 
 i could n't go see my father looking completely disrespectful . 
 i combed back all my hair and tied it up . 
 there was n't much more i could do , that was as good as i was going to look . 
 my face held a long cut across my cheek and the surrounding area was bruised . 
 i did n't hurt as much but the fight was visible . 
 i went back downstairs to get rid of a few nagging questions in my head . 
 `` that envelope michael asked me to give you and the meeting on the rooftop . 
 that does n't have anything to do with this , does it ? '' 
 i asked caleb in the kitchen . 
 `` no , it was an agreement . 
 there has n't been any trouble in town in the last weeks . 
 the fact it happened on the same night is a sheer fluke . '' 
 he explained sounding confidant , i believed him . 
 michael nor dominic would never use a child to get business done . 
 `` well , i have to get going , it 's a long drive . '' 
 `` you should n't go alone . '' 
 `` i should n't do a lot of things but i 'll be back if that 's what you 're worried about . '' 
 i turned around and left the house realizing he was worried and it left me feeling strange because he was n't the type i saw being worried for me . 
 i was n't used to anyone worrying about me anymore . 
 the coven village was a five hour drive . 
 i had planned to go as far as possible when i ran from home but they would 've expected that . 
 when i arrived in celestin i decided it was the place for me . 
 i never left or looked back . 
 the long drive gave me idle time to think and what i thought about , feared mostly , was the reaction i 'd receive from my father . 
 i thought about my mother , she had always been a strict woman with an iron hand . 
 if it was possible she was scarier than my father . 
 i loved my parents and i 'd die loving them but i did n't like who they were or how the coven life molded you into something dark . 
 the village housed over twenty different families , all with their own private home and land . 
 the adults were all free to leave to shop like normal people but the coven 's laws were their own . 
 the meeting grounds looked like a city court room . 
 meetings were conducted there as well as trials . 
 i remembered being a child when one of the village women had been caught with another man besides her husband . 
 she was sentenced to death and right there in front of the court , the village gathered to watch her be hung . 
 i knew then , at seven years old , it was n't a life i could accept . 
 it only worsened from there . 
 to be fair i had good memories and good friends , but that could n't outweigh the bad . 
 nothing could . 
 i was shaking as i arrived at the court . 
 knowing what was at stake i forced myself out of the car and up to the large wooden doors . 
 inside the space was empty except for my father standing in front of where the judge normally resided . 
 `` ask your questions . '' 
 he said , i did n't really expect a hello but it would 've been nice . 
 `` did the coven give a warlock permission to go after an alpha werewolf ? '' 
 he turned around , in the eleven years i was gone his face aged but he still wore a threatening stern expression when it came down to serious matters . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the warlock had n't been lying . 
 i did n't understand . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` the man that came to us raised many good points and a deal was reached that proved to be worthy for both sides . '' 
 he spoke with no emotion on the subject . 
 `` worth more than a man 's life , a child 's fear ? 
 they both could 've died , that warlock was anything but careful and that could 've risked exposure . 
 what did the man want from the werewolf ? '' 
 tears formed in my eyes when i saw that there would never be peace between me and my family . 
 i 'd never be able to have any sort of relationship with them . 
 `` it was n't asked and he did n't tell . 
 he was able to benefit us and we let him use one of our own for his plan that has nothing to do with this place . '' 
 `` but it has to do with my place , my life . 
 who was the man that came here for help , how did he know about you ? '' 
 i did n't use the word ` us ' for a reason , i could never be like them and i wanted him to know it . 
 `` after so long on earth people learn about those that lurk in the shadows as we do . 
 i do not betray any trust by answering your questions since it was not asked to keep silent . 
 all i can tell you is the man 's name , nick tobias . 
 now there is nothing left to say . '' 
 he turned back to face the judge 's seat . 
 `` the warlock you lent out wants me dead , the damage you see on me was caused by him . '' 
 `` i will not betray a fellow coven member . '' 
 `` not even for your daughter ? '' 
 we were pretending to just exchange information , be impersonal when the air was trying to suffocate me with a need to end the games . 
 for him to acknowledge me . 
 he did n't turn back around but his voice did finally hold emotion . 
 `` my daughter died when she was fifteen . '' 
 the tears i had been holding slipped free . 
 i walked out of the courts feeling the same way . 
 my family was dead just as i was to them . 
 there was some sense of closure from seeing my father , we knew where each other stood and i was still alive . 
 if a stranger outside of the coven knew about them it was possible i was safe living outside of the village knowing what i did . 
 i gave myself about three minutes to let myself cry and feel the affects of the meeting before i forced it be over . 
 i put my focus on helping caleb and jamie , hopefully with what i learned caleb could figure out the rest . 
 it was past five that afternoon when i got back into town . 
 i pulled into caleb 's driveway and knew before i got out of the car something was n't right . 
 the front door was wide open and there was no way caleb would 've left it that way . 
 i cautiously walked inside . 
 the room was a mess , the sofa lay on its back , and the coffee table was broken on the other side of where it had been . 
 i ran upstairs with my heart racing to reach jamie 's room . 
 she was gone and her room did n't look any better with obvious signs of a struggle . 
 i went back downstairs to look for caleb . 
 if the original plan was still in place and someone took jamie , then the alpha should be around the house somewhere . 
 before i knew what hit me i was knocked down on the floor flat on my back . 
 my head hit the floor hard enough to see stars . 
 i opened my eyes to see what was so heavy on my chest . 
 i found caleb ; he had me pinned to the floor with his paws pressing into my chest and his jaw in clear view ready to attack . 
 chapter 12 i stayed very still not to alert him . 
 i smelled the heavy scent of blood and knew he was hurt , that screwed up all sense of control he knew . 
 a wounded animal 's first instinct was survival ; he was on guard and ready to strike anything that seemed harmful toward him . 
 i needed to make him feel safe and i had no clue how . 
 `` caleb , i need you to let me up so i can help you . '' 
 i lowered all my defenses and let my body relax . 
 i let myself become submissive toward him . 
 i needed his wolf to understand me more than the man because he was gone . 
 i closed my eyes as he moved closer . 
 i kept telling myself not to be scared , fear would only set him off farther into a hunting mentality . 
 he sniffed along my neck and let out a small whine . 
 he grabbed my chain with his teeth and pulled it off . 
 i could n't think of a reason why it would bother him . 
 i heard his nails against the floor as he stepped back . 
 i opened my eyes and watched as he walked away from me . 
 i let myself finally breathe . 
 he moved over to the sofa where it gave him cover to shift back into human form . 
 now that he realized the danger was gone he no longer needed the wolf to fight the battle . 
 i got up from the floor and walked over to him once it was done . 
 he covered himself with the same sheet i used last night . 
 he looked at me with painful eyes laced with regret and fear . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 escaped my mouth , barely a whisper as my own regret set in . 
 jamie was gone and i had n't been there to help . 
 i probably could 've protected her the same way i had done last night . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i kneeled down to the ground so i would n't be towering over him . 
 his eyes still held flickers of yellow , his control was still off and he was still as dangerous . 
 `` the warlock came back . 
 he was prepared to get around the barrier you had set up . '' 
 i sighed and jumped into it ; sitting around feeling sorry only wasted time . 
 `` i found out who hired the warlock to take jamie from you . 
 does the name nick tobias ring any bells ? '' 
 clarity settled in caleb 's eyes , he was back and ready to get his daughter home . 
 `` before coming to celestin to take over the grayson pack as requested by thomas , i was part of a pack with nick . '' 
 his voice was cold as he remembered the man responsible for his nightmare . 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 `` revenge . '' 
 caleb stood from the floor with the sheet wrapped around his waist . 
 `` this means he 's in town and it 's only a matter of finding him . '' 
 he stopped in front of me and brushed his hand across my cheek . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i felt too engrossed in his eyes ; i blinked and managed to look away . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 the cut was about six inches across near his abs . 
 he dropped his hand back to his side . 
 `` he was successful with the knife this time . '' 
 i stood up and glanced around the living room , mostly to avoid looking at him . 
 i spotted my pendent on the floor and went to pick it up . 
 `` why did this bother you earlier ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he walked past me and went upstairs to get dressed . 
 i pocketed the necklace and fixed the living room while i waited for him to come back down . 
 i thought of jamie as i did it , she liked when i used my magic . 
 i hoped she was n't too scared ; she just needed to hold on because with everyone on her side she 'd be brought back home in no time . 
 `` let 's find the warlock first . '' 
 i said , watching as he came downstairs . 
 `` he might know where nick is hiding in town with jamie . '' 
 i had a better chance of finding the warlock first . 
 `` do you have a map of the city ? '' 
 caleb grabbed the map from the kitchen and laid it on the coffee table for me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i can trace him by his blood but i do n't have the time or patience to do it the vampire way and go looking to feel him out around town . 
 you add a little magic and it 's much easier , and faster . '' 
 i closed my eyes and focused on the warlock 's face , the taste of his blood as it ran down my throat . 
 i used my chain as a marker ; it swung along the map as i released my power through the pendant . 
 i opened my eyes when it hit the map . 
 `` 43rd street . '' 
 `` there 's not much there but a few broken down buildings . '' 
 `` he 's hiding out until he can get back to the village . 
 nick probably has him on standby in case he needs more help . '' 
 i gathered my bag of weapons and the map . 
 we went in my car since the warlock would n't recognize it from the driveway . 
 the element of surprise was a strong one . 
 it would make all the difference on how bloody the meeting would get . 
 caleb drove while i kept my focus on the map , i did n't want to lose the warlock and if he moved i 'd know it . 
 caleb kept his eyes ahead with determination to reach the warlock . 
 he 'd never voice it but he was scared for his only child , every second she was away that fear grew and caused the mind to play tricks . 
 i could only imagine what he thought could be happening to her . 
 `` why does nick want revenge against you ? '' 
 i asked , it would help to know what type of man we were dealing with . 
 `` he was kicked out of our pack and no others would let him join . 
 like i said , a lone animal leads a hard life . 
 he did n't like to play by the rules and one night he went too far . 
 i was the reason of his downfall . '' 
 caleb spoke with hate in his voice . 
 if nick thought he had it bad before , it was only going to get worse . 
 i would n't want caleb gunning for me . 
 i braced myself and asked the question on both our minds . 
 `` would he hurt jamie ? '' 
 caleb said nothing and pressed his foot harder on the gas . 
 anyone around caleb for any amount of time could see jamie meant more to him than anything else in the world . 
 a wolf that did n't play by the rules and bent on revenge would extort that bond between caleb and jamie as much as possible . 
 we bolted from the car when we reached the apartment building that held the warlock 's scent the strongest . 
 after three fights of stairs his presence became as strong as it would get . 
 i kicked in the door ready to fight , ready to take out all my frustration on him from the meeting with my father to jamie 's disappearance and everything in between . 
 i stopped short and my eyes grew wide . 
 there would n't be any fighting . 
 the warlock was face down dead on the ratty old wood floors in a pool of his own blood . 
 `` nick did this . '' 
 caleb said . 
 `` his scent is all over the body and he had help . 
 he 's working with other wolves . '' 
 we had more information but it was n't good news in the least . 
 chapter 13 i was glad the warlock could n't come after me but it was a bittersweet feeling because deep down i wanted to be the one to kill him . 
 i never killed anyone before but something ugly and burning deep in my soul wanted to hurt that bastard for the pain he was causing the people i cared about . 
 if i killed him when i had his neck in my mouth jamie would n't be scared and alone right now . 
 caleb would n't be going insane with fear . 
 i blamed myself for not doing more for the nikolas family . 
 nothing was going to change that until we found nick tobias and fixed the mess he created . 
 i could understand going after caleb but nick should 've been a man about it and went after him directly without involving jamie . 
 i had to remember the guy did n't like playing by the rules . 
 that was why he was kicked out of the pack in the first place . 
 we went to the grayson compound to meet with the pack . 
 i was wary after what caleb said about other wolves sensing the animal within me but he promised nothing would happen while he was there . 
 i took comfort in that . 
 i stood back while he explained nick tobias , a lone wolf in town , needed to be found and brought in alive . 
 with jamie 's life at stake everyone was at their top game and knew if they fucked up , the punishment would be endless . 
 the pack quickly cleared out to hunt the city for nick . 
 jake offered to search the police databases for any information on the name . 
 with his second in command out caleb 's third stuck around as back up ; jared . 
 i felt easier around him and caleb because they knew my secret and would n't get the wrong idea if i shifted or used magic . 
 `` leverage means he wants something . '' 
 jared spoke . 
 `` he 'll contact you with demands like any other kidnapping . '' 
 he said it to give his alpha some hope . 
 nick could n't hurt jamie and risk his bargaining chip . 
 i watched the strong man in front of me slowly break down . 
 i knew i had to do something more than sit around and wait . 
 i slipped outside leaving the two men to talk alone . 
 i walked away from the house to gain enough space not to be overheard . 
 i pulled out my cellphone and called michael . 
 `` i need your help . 
 jamie was taken out of caleb 's house and she might not have much time . 
 i need you to put the word out that we need to find nick tobias , he has her . '' 
 if he could n't do that for me , michael was n't the man i loved ; a man who would n't let someone suffer because of the tension between us . 
 `` i 'll call you if we find something . '' 
 he hung up . 
 between the werewolves and the vampires before sunset something on nick should be found . 
 walking back up to the cabin i looked at the surrounding forest , it reminded me of the good memories from the village . 
 after the meeting with my dad it was nice to remember something positive . 
 caleb was pacing the floor while jared sat , we were all restless . 
 as i stared at caleb i knew i was looking for something , i felt it but i was n't sure what it was . 
 suddenly i was six years old again and my aunt was teaching me about blood spells . 
 `` give me a sheet of paper . '' 
 i told jared and told caleb to sit . 
 jared returned with a blank sheet of white paper . 
 i pulled my pocket knife from my sneaker . 
 `` lay back . '' 
 caleb gave me a questioning look but he was learning i usually had a point and rolled with it . 
 he laid back against the armrest of the sofa while i balanced myself on my knee between his legs and lifted his shirt high enough to reveal the stab wound the warlock had given him . 
 i put the sheet of paper over his stomach and used the knife to cut my hand . 
 jared moved closer and watched intently as i put my bleeding hand over the paper . 
 as soon as i did the magic within the injury pulled me . 
 i had been right about the warlock 's way of thinking . 
 i knew there was a twisted satisfaction from him to make it so painful . 
 i gasped as the blood became bright magical light . 
 i was panting for air when it was finally over . 
 i looked at the paper and was relieved with the result . 
 i gave it to caleb and moved off of him . 
 the paper showed in bright red letters -- written in my blood from the message the warlock laid inside caleb -- a note from nick . 
 he wanted to meet as soon as the message was found down by the celestin park . 
 `` he knew i 'd find it . '' 
 i said speaking of the warlock . 
 `` he probably pitched the idea to nick as a way to test me . '' 
 i took caleb 's place pacing behind the sofa in hopes to calm the jitters from the magic caused . 
 `` test you ? '' 
 jared questioned . 
 `` he thought i was too good for the runaway witch , the fight was a test too . 
 he wanted to win and show me he was better . 
 but he 's dead so i guess i win . '' 
 `` let 's go see what he has to say . '' 
 caleb led the way outside , if anything he looked angrier . 
 he was n't the type of man to play games , he was tired of the tricks nick was using trying to lure him in when they were n't unnecessary . 
 he had jamie and caleb was ready to do anything at that point . 
 the park was a perfect place for late night meetings because it was empty . 
 celestin citizens knew or at least felt it was n't safe to be out after dark and kept indoors . 
 i sat in the back seat of the car impatient to come face to face with nick . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 jared asked , turning in his seat to face me . 
 i was starting to realize he was uneasy when it came to my magic . 
 `` warming up . '' 
 i held a small ball of energy in my hands and closed them together letting it disappear . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 we parked on the street and walked through the park entrance . 
 it was dark and very quiet . 
 it was n't a good combination so i was wary with every step we took . 
 i looked up to the sky as thunder clapped , adding to the bubbling fear in my throat . 
 i scanned the park , the benches , low cut grass , and trees to see no one . 
 another clap of thunder surrounded us and i nearly blew up a tree when i put my hands out . 
 i could n't understand why i was so scared . 
 i did n't see anything but something in the park was wrong . 
 the realization hit me hard ; it was a trap but for what ? 
 in seconds we were surrounded . 
 i fought off a few men psychically , i did n't want to use magic unless i had to and risk the wrong person seeing . 
 the fight between the two men , two werewolves , did n't last long as they turned and ran away . 
 by then it started to rain pretty hard . 
 i scanned the empty park and found jared getting up . 
 `` where 's caleb ? '' 
 he asked , running a hand over his wet hair . 
 we both turned and searched the area , calling out his name over the rain . 
 `` it was a trap to take him . '' 
 i realized . 
 chapter 14 jared and i went back to caleb 's house to see if we overlooked anything . 
 there was a slim unspoken hope that maybe nick would make contact and reveal what the hell it was he wanted . 
 `` we have to get him back . '' 
 jared spoke for the first time since we discovered caleb missing . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i was tense , he did n't say it but i felt the accusation in the air . 
 i decoded the note that led to an ambush and now caleb was in the hands of a ruthless wolf . 
 i did n't want to think about what caleb and jamie could be going through . 
 `` we 'll continue with the original plan to try and find where nick is hiding out . 
 we 'll bring jamie and caleb home . '' 
 i walked down the hall to where i remembered jamie pulling out extra sheets . 
 i grabbed two towels and tossed one to jared . 
 i called jake and asked if he found out anything new without mentioning caleb was gone . 
 the police database held nothing on nick tobias . 
 i called mikey next for an update from the rest of the pack members ; they had nothing new either . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 jared asked . 
 `` i do n't know , do you have any bright ideas because if not you can stop acting like this is my fault . 
 i did what i was supposed to . 
 he wanted to catch caleb off guard and take him but what i do n't understand is why take jamie first . '' 
 jared grew silent and thought about it and actually came up with a good answer . 
 `` having jamie made caleb ready to do whatever he wanted . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it was n't a kidnapping , he wanted caleb to walk into his trap and having jamie allowed that . '' 
 i ran my hands over my face , as one aspect became clear ten more made no sense . 
 `` what the hell does he want ? '' 
 i sat on the sofa . 
 i thought about calling jake back to arrange a meeting but it could be risky if it got around town the alpha was missing . 
 enemies might decide to strike during the vulnerable time . 
 i said as much to jared . 
 `` we have to do this ourselves and tonight is our only chance . '' 
 we finally agreed on something . 
 it was time to come up with a plan . 
 `` those wolves stayed hidden until they wanted us to notice them . '' 
 jared started . 
 `` nick is still using some sort of magic and i just hope it 's not another witch from the coven . 
 he also had a lot of wolves with him tonight . '' 
 we had to factor those wolves into our plans because there was no way we could take them on alone . 
 `` do n't you have something up your sleeve ? '' 
 he asked , literally pulling on the cuff of my shirt . 
 it looked he liked me again . 
 `` i do n't know , it depends on where and how many people are there . '' 
 i racked my brain trying to remember everything i ever learned from the coven . 
 `` caleb said that nick was a lone wolf and no one would work with him . 
 how would he get all those wolves tonight to be loyal to him ? '' 
 `` they probably agree to work with him on equal footing and not as a pack level . '' 
 `` so no blind loyalty . 
 why do you guys do it ? 
 because it 's instilled in the wolf ? '' 
 at the village everyone followed the same rules because our elders said so and to disobey them was death . 
 i did n't know much about packs or how it felt to be willing to do as the alpha said , when he said . 
 `` mostly yes but with me it 's personal . 
 i would n't be alive if it was n't for caleb . '' 
 jared left the sofa and took up pacing . 
 `` we travel in packs for many different reasons and it 's not always blind loyalty . 
 there 's always good and bad in any dynamic and caleb is one of the good guys . 
 he gives what he asks for . '' 
 i turned around on the sofa and watched him . 
 `` how did he help you ? '' 
 `` i was a new wolf in a bad place . 
 i should 've been put to death for my lack of control and the problems i caused but instead caleb took responsibility for me and taught me what i needed to know . 
 you should trust him . '' 
 he glanced at me to add more push to his words before walking over to the window to look out at the rain . 
 `` i do n't need his help . 
 i 'm not like the rest of you and if something does become a problem i can certainly handle it . '' 
 i looked at the paper i had written down the facts we knew , it was n't much to go on . 
 i hated feeling so defeated . 
 i did n't want the morning to come with them still at the mercy of nick tobias . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i could n't sit and wait for that one piece of the puzzle i needed to fall into my lap . 
 when i decided to settled in town i made a point of knowing everything around me . 
 it was safer to be aware of the people around you because they could easily become an enemy . 
 vampire hangouts were more spoken of because anti-groups made a habit of causing trouble . 
 vampires were made public after a tape of a tortured vampire going viral put out any doubt they existed several months ago . 
 but werewolves had their spots too and knew how to stay hidden from the scared trigger happy public . 
 so far the general public only knew of the vampires existence . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 jared said with a groan when we pulled up to forbes pub , a werewolf owned business . 
 i gave him a mocking smile . 
 `` i have you to protect me . '' 
 the grayson pack was n't the only one of celestin but they were the best and highly respected . 
 when we stepped inside i gained ten different looks from the patrons and none of them were nice . 
 in their eyes i was a vampire and had no right stepping foot into their hangout . 
 i walked up to the counter . 
 `` i need to talk to the boss , now . '' 
 `` it 's about caleb . '' 
 jared said before the young wolf behind the counter could protest or attempt to stake me . 
 no that a stake would work anyhow . 
 the bartender walked away through a side hallway . 
 `` you 're trouble . '' 
 jared was more uncomfortable than i was , probably because he knew something i did n't . 
 i also did n't really care about wolf law and all that bullshit . 
 `` i agreed to protect jamie and that 's what i intend on doing . '' 
 the bartender came back and motioned for us to follow him down the same hallway to forbes office . 
 forbes was older than most when he was turned into a werewolf ; he wore a long white beard and a matching head of hair . 
 `` what is this about the grayson alpha ? '' 
 i spoke . 
 `` a rival from his past is here to collect on an old beef . 
 he 's kidnapped caleb and his daughter . 
 it 's taking too long to track him down with only the pack 's help . 
 i 'm asking for yours . '' 
 forbes leaned back against the old wooden desk . 
 `` you 're the winston daywalker , why are you involved in any wolf business ? '' 
 he revealed nothing about what he thought or felt on the situation . 
 his tone was flat , so was the look in his brown eyes . 
 `` caleb asked and i was in a unique position to help him . '' 
 forbes did n't need to know more than that and he knew it too , whatever going on was between me and caleb . 
 forbes stayed silent while he considered the information he had to go on and the benefit of helping an alpha . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 he asked minutes later . 
 `` we need to find nick tobias tonight . '' 
 chapter 15 forbes had an in with all the local packs . 
 he put the word out to all of them about nick . 
 with the town city of packs and the vampires looking for nick tobias we still managed to come up empty . 
 where was this guy hiding out ? 
 the fucking moon ? 
 nick was n't stupid and i was willing to bet he had every detail planned before making his first move . 
 i feared he still had coven magic on his side and if that was true , getting jamie and caleb home would n't be easy . 
 staying at the pub felt like we were doing something productive . 
 forbes gave us permission to ask a few questions . 
 we kept it about finding where nick could be held up , the fact caleb was missing stayed between the grayson pack and forbes . 
 just when i reached the moment where i wanted to scream out my frustrations jake called with something helpful . 
 we met back at caleb 's for privacy ; any wolf would be able to overhear both ends of a phone call back at the pub . 
 `` what do you have ? '' 
 jared asked . 
 jake arrived first and was already seated in the living room . 
 he had a file spread out on the coffee table . 
 `` it took me a minute to realize why nothing was coming up on nick tobias . 
 that 's not his real name . '' 
 he handed a paper to jared and me , our eyes went wide at the same time . 
 `` tobias nikolas is caleb 's older brother . 
 if he 's set up in town it has to be at that address under his name . '' 
 `` he 's pissed at his brother . '' 
 i voiced , thinking out loud . 
 `` what better place for revenge than their childhood home ? '' 
 now i understood why caleb was so willing to come to celestin to take over for thomas . 
 he had grown up here . 
 `` how did you know about the names ? '' 
 jared asked . 
 `` trade secret . '' 
 jake said . 
 i took it to mean caleb said something to him privately and he would n't ever repeat it . 
 he turned to me . 
 `` he trusted you to help him and i trust his choices . 
 something tells me you can handle this better than i could anyway . 
 you both go and see if he 's there , if you need back up call and i 'll bring everyone over . 
 right now it 's better to play it smart and not alert him we 're getting close . '' 
 with caleb out of commission jake was in charge , whether jared or the others liked it or not . 
 neither of us said anything but we knew the facts . 
 with caleb in danger it was better for jake to stay back just in case the alpha died and he 'd have to take over . 
 it was a lot like being president of your own private race . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i like that plan . '' 
 i grabbed my keys and went back out to the car . 
 i refused to get involved with the power play , the stares and heated tension , between jared and jake . 
 after i got jamie home whatever the werewolves did was n't my problem . 
 nick was playing with magic . 
 i did n't want anyone dying because they did n't know what they were dealing with . 
 i suspected jake agreed and volunteered everyone as backup just in case it was more than magic and just a crazy wolf . 
 right now we were going to check out the house with no guarantees it was our location . 
 if it was then we 'd plan from there . 
 it was something . 
 as i drove i remembered my father telling me as i got older to never get personally involved when it came to doing a job , because it was a guaranteed mistake . 
 i ran from that life a long time ago but i tended to find myself remembering things they had told me . 
 i was personally involved because i wanted caleb and jamie to be safe . 
 it was n't just a job i was carrying out , i needed it to be over for my own reasons too . 
 soon the street was disserted of all people and family homes . 
 there was nothing but trees and forest land for the next two miles . 
 at the end of it a lone cottage style house sat in the middle of more forest land . 
 it was like finding a bottle of water in the middle of a desert . 
 `` no wonder we could n't find him . '' 
 jared observed . 
 i parked down the road where we walked the long distance up to the fence of the house . 
 a wire mesh fence surrounded about a quarter mile around the home . 
 it was quiet just as it had been in the park , they had been expecting us then and i did n't want to give them that same advantage now . 
 `` there 's magic barricaded all around the fence . '' 
 `` can you break through it ? '' 
 `` it 's strong , i can walk through it but you ca n't . '' 
 i tried not to think about how it would hurt passing through something that was meant to keep you out . 
 the only reason i was able to do it was my magic could fight against the wards . 
 `` they 're here and we both know it . 
 i have to do this . '' 
 jared did n't like the plan but he agreed with it . 
 `` you get inside and get the barrier taken off . 
 i 'm calling in back up . '' 
 `` once it 's off you 'll notice the difference , it wo n't be as quiet out here . '' 
 jared grabbed my arm before i could touch the fence . 
 `` be careful in there . 
 it 'll put a dent in my plans to ask you out if you get hurt again . '' 
 i smiled and took my arm back . 
 `` that 's not happening . '' 
 `` a date or getting hurt ? '' 
 i did n't answer him as i climbed over the fence . 
 that was the easy part . 
 when i got closer to the house the magic intensified , causing a painful numbing needle prick along my bones . 
 i crouched down and went around the back of the house looking for an opening that would n't broadcast my arrival . 
 i took off my shoes and tried the back door . 
 that 's when i noticed i could n't use magic . 
 son of a bitch . 
 whoever was inside wielding the spell was n't some new time witch . 
 i silently cursed at the fact i was going to have to do everything the hard and long way . 
 i listened at the door for any voices or foot prints . 
 when i felt it was safe enough , i turned the door knob hard to break the lock . 
 i still had my heightened strength on my side thanks to the vampire virus . 
 once inside the magic barrier held no effect but i still could n't use my powers for whatever reason . 
 i stood in the kitchen , it looked like any family kitchen with linoleum floors and an old style stove . 
 it 's been a very long time since caleb or his brother were children , the house must be even older . 
 a screaming cry caught my attention and ignited my desire to hurt someone ; the scream was undoubtedly jamie . 
 i followed the scream upstairs . 
 the house was large with about five different doors on each side of the hallway . 
 i hid behind the door of an empty room as a man walked past me and down the staircase . 
 i retraced his steps back to the room he left ; jamie 's . 
 again i broke the lock . 
 she was about to lash out and scream as the door opened but stopped short when she saw it was me . 
 `` evie . '' 
 `` if they find me we 're both dead , we have to be quiet . 
 have you seen your father ? '' 
 i touched her hand and looked over her twice , except for a bruise on her cheek she seemed to be ok . 
 `` dad 's here ? '' 
 `` i hope , he was taken while we were out looking for you . 
 who hit you ? '' 
 i wanted to follow the man downstairs and hit him a few times until he was nice and black and blue . 
 `` i fell trying to run away . 
 we have to help dad . '' 
 i brushed her hair away to get a better look of her face . 
 `` have you seen anyone besides him ? 
 there 's someone using magic on this house . '' 
 `` no , i 've been locked up in here . '' 
 i sighed and took a deep breath . 
 `` i need you to stay here -- '' `` evie ! '' 
 `` i ca n't watch you and look for caleb , that 's a guaranteed way for both of us to get hurt . 
 i found you did n't i ? 
 we 're going to get out of here but i need you to wait a little longer . 
 sit tight while i take a look around , please . '' 
 i felt it in my heart the troubles concerning nick were just beginning . 
 jamie sat back down on the bed . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i left the room and went back downstairs . 
 caleb could n't have been hidden in one of the rooms because i would 've felt him like i had in the past . 
 for some reason since i met the man i 've always been able to sense him out . 
 it was no wonder michael always believed there was something between me and the alpha . 
 i followed my gut feeling and went looking for the door to the basement . 
 it was in the kitchen across from the back door . 
 i looked around but did n't see anyone or where the man from upstairs could be now . 
 i was scared to go down to the basement because there was a good chance they were all down there hungry for some vampire/witch meat . 
 i stood there for a few extra seconds and came up with a quick thinking plan i hoped worked . 
 chapter 16 i walked down to the basement to find it was n't your normal household basement . 
 it stretched out longer and wider than the house . 
 nick must 've been doing some remodeling . 
 there were multiple hallways and different doors where i could hear different voices . 
 i was right , the party was going on downstairs while i was all alone with no magic . 
 yay . 
 all the extra space would give me some cover but i did n't feel any better about that predicament . 
 i felt like a little girl walking into the big bad wolves ' cage . 
 i needed to find the witch and interrupt whatever spell she was using to create the barrier . 
 after i had some backup i 'd be able to breathe a little easier . 
 i dashed and hid down another hall as two men walked by . 
 i listened to see if they 'd say anything useful . 
 they talked about what they 'd do with their share of the money . 
 money ? 
 nick was paying for the werewolves ' help , that actually made sense because i did n't see him trying to gain it . 
 the more i learned about caleb 's brother , the more i disliked the guy . 
 he was n't the first vindictive type i encountered but he was the first to go so far to hurt his own family . 
 my father was a cold man but i doubted , or maybe the word was hoped , he would n't stand by while i was being killed if he could stop it . 
 after the men passed i continued in my search for the witch . 
 another set of voices caught my attention and that time there was a female in the mix . 
 she was n't happy to be talking to the werewolf . 
 she demanded he leave the room , with a snort of a growl he did . 
 the surge of magical power i had been feeling stopped right where the woman was held up . 
 bingo . 
 i did n't just find a witch , i found someone who did n't like me very much and trust me the feeling was mutual . 
 when the man was out of sight , i made my move to get inside the room . 
 vampire strength was really coming in handy . 
 she was sitting on top of a table with her eyes closed in a focused trance . 
 she opened them and looked dead at me . 
 `` evie cortez , as i live and breathe . 
 i heard the traitor was connected to this job . '' 
 miranda spoke , and to think we had been friends once . 
 `` i do n't see ruining a family 's life as a job . '' 
 i did start to see her as a job . 
 when i worked a job i threw all emotions and personal thoughts out the window , solely focusing on the task . 
 `` how is he getting the coven to let him use their witches ? '' 
 `` if you did n't cower and run away , you 'd know that . '' 
 miranda always led with her emotions . 
 she was angry as she climbed off the table and gave me a dark look . 
 `` what 's your plan now ? '' 
 `` to give that girl upstairs the chance we did n't have for a happy life . 
 i do n't know what the hell is going on , and i do n't care much for the details anymore . 
 it was another life time but we knew each other , miranda . 
 i know you 're better than this . 
 help me end this long day . 
 drop the spell . '' 
 her eyes were swelling into darkness as she used her energy for the spell and to speak with me , the spell was n't an easy one . 
 `` what , no please ? 
 i have orders evie and they are n't yours . '' 
 i slowly nodded and seemed to be thinking of another approach , only to throw her off . 
 when she least expected it , i pushed her down to the floor and ripped off her pendant . 
 with such a strong spell like the one for the barrier a focal object was needed . 
 instead of using the clichéd wand , we used our pendants that carried their own boost of magic . 
 i threw her necklace to the floor and stomped on it . 
 something like a sigh of air grew visible from the pendant as the spell broke . 
 i let out a long exhale , finally caleb 's pack could get inside . 
 i did n't want to face multiple angry werewolves alone . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 miranda gripped the back of her head . 
 i wonder if she heard ringing from falling that hard ? 
 if she did , it was n't enough to stop her from grabbing at my ankles to knock me off balance . 
 i kicked her in the stomach and stepped back out of her reach . 
 `` i have gotten into enough fights this week . '' 
 i had lost my patience some point the other night and had none to waste with miranda . 
 now that i had use of my magic , i placed my hand over her arm and knocked her out with a long sleeping spell . 
 i did n't want to have a magical fight on top of dealing with the wolves . 
 i looked at her for a moment and saw she became everything i did n't want , the coven 's loyal soldier with an unhappy life to boot . 
 i left the room before any suspicious guards came by . 
 my next order of business was finding caleb . 
 i tried not to think of all the scenarios he could be in with his very pissed off brother running the show . 
 i used a shadowing spell and walked along the halls hidden from any curious eyes . 
 i noticed one door that looked different than all the others . 
 i pout my ear to it and heard a few voices inside . 
 i guessed the man that spoke with authority and gave out orders was nick . 
 another voice reported that the girl , jamie , had finally calmed down and stopped screaming . 
 she was taking my advice ; i just hoped she could wait just a little longer before losing her cool again . 
 footsteps moved closer to the door from the inside . 
 i ran down the hall before the door opened . 
 i kept walking until i finally felt caleb . 
 when i reached the point of nowhere else to go , i found him . 
 i unlocked the door and slid inside . 
 my heart was lodged in my throat with the fear of being caught . 
 i mentally swore when i saw caleb , he was severely beaten and chained to the wall by his left wrist . 
 i noticed the chain was silver and burned his skin nearly to the bone . 
 the silver made it to he could n't shift or use much strength to rip the chain from the wall . 
 werewolves had their own amount of super strength too . 
 i dropped the shadowing spell and kneeled in front of him . 
 he looked at me . 
 in the hours we had looked for caleb he suffered some serious damage . 
 there was a deep cut along his eyebrow , another across his cheek . 
 his other eye was black and that was all i could see . 
 caleb had obviously been in a bad fight but thankfully his control was still in tact because he was n't trying to attack me . 
 `` i saw jamie , she 's here upstairs . '' 
 `` is she ok ? '' 
 he asked softly enough to make my heart skip a beat . 
 `` she 's furious but yeah , she 's ok . '' 
 `` how did you get in here ? '' 
 he laid his free hand over mine . 
 i took off the chain from his wrist . 
 `` jared and the others are waiting outside , they should be in soon . 
 jake remembered something you had told him and used the right name to track this house down . 
 your brother is doing this to you ? 
 we come from some pretty fucked up families . '' 
 caleb cracked a small smile . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 his eyes grew serious as he avoided looking at me . 
 i started to think he was n't as in so much control after all . 
 he was fighting not to let his wolf win . 
 `` he wants me to get angry enough to give him what he wants . '' 
 i looked up from our hands . 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 `` for me to renounce my pack to him . 
 no pack will take him , so he 's come up with the idea to just take one and who better else than from me ? '' 
 caleb explained bitterly , staring into his eyes i knew there was no love lost between the nikolas brothers . 
 `` then he does n't know you very well . '' 
 caleb would die before betraying his pack . 
 i was growing frustrated wondering where jared was . 
 i could n't fight off all the wolves alone but i was thinking about making a run for it . 
 i helped caleb up from the floor . 
 `` you 're heavy . '' 
 we were barely standing upright when all hell broke loose upstairs . 
 chapter 17 the sound of howls , growls , and running , drew us upstairs in the matter of seconds . 
 the large open space turned into to a battle field ripped from a war movie . 
 caleb gained a second wind as he foresaw the end of the battle . 
 he led the way upstairs and gained some of his strength back from being near his pack . 
 he wasted no time directing orders , the first being at me to go protect jamie . 
 i was happy to submit that time rather than watch the blood shed that caught my eye as we hid along the kitchen archway . 
 most were in human form while a few others took their wolf shape . 
 i ran back to the room i left jamie in only to find i was too late in reaching her before nick got another clever idea . 
 he was not letting me catch a break . 
 nick stood holding a gun to jamie 's neck . 
 `` i was waiting to see who would come to the rescue . 
 i hoped it would be my brother but you 'll do . 
 after all , i have you to thank for ruining a very well thought out plan that was guaranteed to work . '' 
 i could n't do much as he held onto her and the gun . 
 `` it would 've never worked . 
 caleb would never risk anyone 's life for his own . '' 
 i kept my eyes between jamie 's and the gun . 
 `` all you 're doing is pissing off a lot of people . 
 if you want to survive this then let her go and go join your merry men . '' 
 i was positive if nick ended up downstairs he 'd be ripped to pieces , literally . 
 his grip tightened around her . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 tears began to fall from jamie 's eyes , she was only fifteen years old and should n't have to be dealing with something like being held hostage . 
 my jaw tightened and i looked at nick . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 nick knew he was backed into a corner and after a few seconds of giving that some thought he chose to use the resources he had on hand . 
 `` you get me out of here , untouched or i will kill her . '' 
 magic or no magic , i could n't take on over twenty angry werewolves , although the total was probably lower as the fight went on . 
 `` whatever you want , just let her go . '' 
 it was stupid to show you were personally involved because it could be used against you . 
 i did n't care though , i wanted her safe . 
 jamie and i switched places as hostages . 
 `` evie ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 `` you stay here until your father comes and everything will be fine . '' 
 i looked at nick 's hand gripping my arm . 
 `` this 'll be a walk in the park . '' 
 nick pushed me forward and we left the room . 
 `` it was nice giving the kid false hope like that . '' 
 he stood behind me with the gun pointed near my neck as we walked down the stairs . 
 i think we were both surprised to see the house was empty . 
 all that remained along the floors and walls were bright red blood still wet , and no bodies . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he demanded as if i had been told some sort of plan . 
 i did n't know any more than he did , however i knew for a fact caleb would n't leave without jamie . 
 the pack was around here somewhere . 
 `` i do n't know , i did n't get the memo either . 
 but seeming as no one is here you do n't need me anymore . 
 just leave out that door right there . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his grip tightened . 
 `` caleb is n't that easy to get rid of . '' 
 perhaps he did know something about his brother . 
 `` i thought my family was bad but you 've got us beat . 
 that was your own niece you terrorized who has n't done anything to you . 
 you lost , so now deal with it and run before someone decides to come back or i decide a bullet would be worth hurting you in exchange for . '' 
 i had reached my limit , the day was going on too long and i just wanted to go home and forget it all . 
 `` let her go . '' 
 caleb 's voice was chilling from the shadows ; each word was slow carrying the same impact of a physical blow . 
 `` and let you win again ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 nick was growing nervous now that he had no one on his side , no one to give orders to . 
 i desperately wanted him to let me go . 
 i did n't like to be held at gunpoint , once had been enough about six years ago when one of michaels rivals grabbed ahold of me . 
 `` why do n't you let me go ? 
 the two of you can duke it out and i go home . '' 
 `` quiet . '' 
 nick harshly whispered as he scanned the living room looking for caleb . 
 in the painfully silent room i could hear his heart beating wildly against his chest , the man was scared . 
 i probably would be too if i was in his shoes . 
 i was starting to believe nick had n't been a wolf for long because he was too shaky and he did n't notice the small things , like the faint footsteps from the side hallway next to the staircase . 
 i felt caleb like a small breeze against the back of my neck . 
 i met his dark blue eyes and felt somewhat better but even that did n't stop the need i had to do something . 
 it was me after all with the gun aimed too close to my neck . 
 `` this is insane ! '' 
 i snapped , bringing nick 's eyes back to me for only a moment as he kept looking for his brother . 
 i do n't think i 'd ever seen someone that nervous . 
 `` this has nothing to do with me and i do n't even like caleb . 
 let me go already ! '' 
 that was the jest of what i kept saying until nick lost any patience he had and kept trying to get me to shut up . 
 he lost focus and i made my move . 
 i elbowed him in the stomach and jumped out of the way landing on the floor . 
 he managed to get a shot off before he took off running . 
 the bullet went straight through my arm until landing in the plaster of the wall . 
 i held my hand over the wound and looked for caleb . 
 he must 've took off after nick . 
 maybe nick could 've survived attacking his brother and trying to take his pack but the moment he had involved jamie all bets were off . 
 caleb would n't be forgiving or merciful . 
 i struggled to stand using my knees to prop me up . 
 the last few days came back furiously as all my battle wounds throbbed with pain . 
 it did n't stop me from running as best i could upstairs to grab jamie . 
 she gasped and her eyes became too wide . 
 `` it 's a flesh wound . '' 
 i told her . 
 `` it completes this beat up mess look i was going for . 
 let 's get the hell out of here . '' 
 chapter 18 jamie and i walked out side by side to find the rest of the pack scattered around the lawn . 
 caleb and his brother were nowhere in sight and neither were any of the wolves i saw working with nick . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 jared asked , bending slightly to look at my arm . 
 `` gunshot . 
 this week i 've been stabbed with glass and beaten to a pulp , this completes the cake huh ? '' 
 i said flatly . 
 the gas i ran on was determination to find jamie , and now that she was safe i was ready to collapse . 
 `` she gets sarcastic when she 's hurt . '' 
 jamie added . 
 `` she 'll be cursing soon enough . '' 
 jared hesitated for a second then said the dreaded truth . 
 `` you need to get to a hospital . '' 
 i shook my head ; i did n't like hospitals but then again who did ? 
 my dislike started when i was a child and i was forced into a hospital after breaking a bone the village nurse could n't treat . 
 `` gunshots are reported back to the police . '' 
 `` jake and zoe can take care of that and make sure nothing is made of it . 
 you need a doctor and some stitches . '' 
 he looked back at my arm and grimaced . 
 `` i 'll take you . '' 
 he grabbed ahold of my good arm . 
 `` wait , what about -- '' `` he left orders not to interfere . 
 jake will be taking jamie back home and staying with her . '' 
 jared explained , answering all the questions i had which left me with nothing more to say . 
 with a sigh , i followed him back to the car and watched as jake drove away with jamie . 
 she had looked more tired than anything else as she knew the nightmare was over . 
 caleb would make sure no more threats touched his daughter . 
 i could n't stop thinking about caleb on the way to the hospital . 
 what was happening , would he really kill his own brother ? 
 what choice did he have ? 
 it was obviously not the first time nick was a problem . 
 i rested my head on the window and listened while it continued to softly rain . 
 whatever i felt , or did n't feel , did n't matter because the situation was no longer any of my business . 
 caleb would have to live with his choices . 
 we no longer had to associate . 
 jared was good at reading people , he quickly saw the mood i was in and did n't attempt to make any small talk . 
 the ride was silent and filled with the lingering questions on both our minds ; mostly the curiosity of what was happening in that forest surrounding the house . 
 the bright hospital was a drastic change from the dark gloomy sky outside . 
 i closed my eyes and took a minute to adjust as jared explained to the nurse i needed to see a doctor and offered no more information . 
 i wondered what the pack did when they got too hurt ; i doubt they went to the hospital . 
 the wolf would take control and the human part of them would be gone , leaving those around them in danger when the pain became too much . 
 after a few minutes i was taken to a room , jared stayed with me . 
 i was n't sure if it was because he was worried or wanted to make sure i did n't slip and say the wrong thing . 
 i sat on the bed and swung my feet . 
 `` how long do you think this will take ? '' 
 i asked while we waited for the doctor . 
 `` you lost a lot of blood so they might want you to stay overnight . '' 
 jared said just before his cell phone started to ring . 
 i questioned if it was about caleb and hoped some good news was on the other line . 
 knowing i could listen in to both sides of the call jared stepped outside before answering . 
 `` ass . '' 
 i called out to him . 
 i still just wanted to go home . 
 i decided to give the doctor another minute and after that i was leaving . 
 he came in as i got off the bed . 
 damn it . 
 `` great . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` that 's actually one of the nicer greetings i 've gotten today . 
 people are grouchy at night . '' 
 he explained with a small smile , trying not to let the hard nights bring him down or maybe he had some mental problems . 
 it was an act he was putting on , i decided . 
 i looked at him and the picture became wide-eyed-clear as all our past memories came crashing back . 
 `` no . '' 
 he gripped my shoulders and held me against him before i could reach the door . 
 `` relax evie . '' 
 `` why is the coven sending you after me ? '' 
 i whispered , it would be a deadly and stupid mistake to be overheard talking about the coven . 
 i could n't look at him anymore when i realized who he was . 
 many years passed but his face had n't changed at all . 
 he was an older version of the kid i used to know . 
 `` they are n't , i do work here and when i saw your name i took the file . '' 
 his hands fell back to his sides . 
 i stepped back . 
 `` since when has everything changed ? 
 they 're letting you work outside of home ? '' 
 `` yes , with conditions but yes . 
 a lot has changed since you left , they say we 're evolving . 
 only those they see fit to trust to keep the secret are allowed to live and work outside of the village . '' 
 `` and you of course fit the bill as their poster child . 
 i ca n't tell you how many times my parents asked me why i could n't be more like you , kevin . '' 
 i sighed and caught a glimpse of my arm . 
 `` i need to get out of here . '' 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 i looked at him under my lashes and smiled . 
 `` care to bet on that ? '' 
 kevin smiled and rolled his eyes . 
 `` not legally . 
 not to be a jerk but you look like death warmed over . 
 just stay the night and rest . 
 whoever you 're running from ca n't reach you here . '' 
 `` i 'm not running anymore . '' 
 the phrase fit so many subjects about my life right now . 
 `` stitch me up but i make no promises . '' 
 `` you never have . '' 
 there was a bitter undertone but he left the room before it could be addressed . 
 kevin mccoy and i had known each other since we were in diapers ; our birthdays were only four months apart . 
 most of my childhood memories involved kevin in some way or another . 
 the last time we saw each other i told him i planned on running , at first he did n't believe me and when he started to , he asked me not to go . 
 kevin came back and sat on a stool in front of me . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 he unwrapped the mock bandage jared had made out of a shirt in the back seat of his car . 
 `` i was trying to be helpful . 
 how did you end up here in celestin ? '' 
 `` there 's something about this place , it 's beautiful but dangerous . 
 it 's also not too far and i can visit my parents on the weekends . '' 
 kevin explained casually . 
 it did n't seem like he was lying but i reminded myself it had been years , i did n't know kevin anymore or what the coven could come up with . 
 i agreed about celestin . 
 i had stayed and when i realized just how dangerous the city could be i was too invested to run away again . 
 i shut my eyes to keep from cursing or pulling away when whatever he put on my arm burned like hell . 
 i opened them when jared came back . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the werewolf looked worried . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 chapter 19 there was nothing i could do but that did n't stop me from wanting to go back to the house . 
 jared kept trying to ensure me caleb knew what he was doing and the rest of the pack was near by but for some reason that was n't enough for me . 
 my job was done , jamie was back home , yet it felt uncompleted with caleb still out there and probably in danger . 
 with my hands tied i honored kevin 's wishes and let him finish working on me , my reward was being tricked . 
 i think looking back on it jared was involved . 
 what i was told was a drug to help with the pain was really a sedative . 
 it was the best sleep i had gotten that week but when i woke there was nothing good about it . 
 i jumped up and sent a nice wave of pain all through my bruised body . 
 `` caleb . '' 
 the room was very dark and my vision was blurry with pain but i knew he was there . 
 i placed my hand over my forehead in an attempt to clear some of the foggy feeling . 
 i saw his eyes before i saw him , they were a burning bright yellow of his wolf . 
 he stood from the chair he sat in and moved toward the bed . 
 `` what you did back there was careless . '' 
 i was scared and nervous about seeing caleb on the brink of losing his control to his wolf ; i did not want to end up his dinner . 
 `` i 'm still alive . '' 
 the way i saw it ; no matter how bad my choices were i was still breathing . 
 it was a win . 
 he laid his warm hand flat on my cheek . 
 `` barely . '' 
 `` have you seen jamie ? '' 
 i had to keep talking or i 'd let my fear became known and that would be a problem . 
 the fearful were easier to prey on . 
 `` yes , she told me you were here . 
 jared explained how he tricked you into staying . '' 
 caleb was acting like caleb but his eyes were not his . 
 something was wrong . 
 `` i knew he was in on it . '' 
 i said mindlessly and came to realize why caleb looked tormented , why his wolf was staying present . 
 he had killed his brother in order to insure he could n't hurt jamie again . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 `` to take you back home , i know you did n't want to be here in the first place . '' 
 his hands slipped from my cheek and gripped my hand to help me up . 
 `` no , '' i agreed . 
 `` but the drugs are good . '' 
 i followed his lead and was careful not to do anything that would startle or challenge him . 
 he did n't speak on the ride to my place and i did n't ask any questions . 
 the first signs of morning began to show at the sky lightened and the street lights turned off . 
 when he passed his house i noticed jake 's car , he 'd be keeping watch until caleb was himself again . 
 he followed me inside of my house and that 's when everything broke loose . 
 `` i had too . '' 
 caleb said tightly , standing in the middle of my living room . 
 i stood a few feet in front of him . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` it was n't the first time he tried to come after me and it would n't be the last . 
 he knew using jamie was effective and he would 've done it again . '' 
 his hands were tight fists at his side , his eyes shifted between his blue color and the wolf 's yellow . 
 his brother was a rotten person but he was still family and no matter how cruel they were , you always loved your family . 
 guilt was eating at caleb . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i felt tears stinging my eyes as i watched his emotions turn into a dark place . 
 caleb 's voice dropped . 
 `` he was my brother . 
 i do n't understand why he had the need to do any of this or why he thought he was better than me . '' 
 `` you are . '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` you do n't kidnap innocent children as leverage and you do n't force someone to work for you out of blackmail . 
 i do n't know what happened between the two of you but he was wrong , not you . '' 
 i could n't stand there and let him berate himself over guilt he should n't have . 
 there was probably another way everything could 've turned out but nick made the choices that got the ball rolling . 
 the fault laid with him . 
 i sighed and took the chance of meeting his eyes . 
 `` he would 've continued to hurt you until you gave him what he wanted . 
 i believe if you did n't , he could 've killed you . '' 
 caleb looked taken back ; i guess that was n't what he expected me to say . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 his eyes settled on blue . 
 `` for everything . '' 
 i shrugged and brushed my hair behind my ear . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 with nothing left to say , he turned around and left the house . 
 i stood there and listened as he drove away . 
 what happened next ? 
 there was still so much i had to figure out in my own life that i put to the side when i agreed to work with caleb . 
 but it 'd have to continue to wait . 
 all i wanted to do was sleep off the rest of the sedative . 
 after a good three hour nap i woke up and took a long shower . 
 it took awhile trying to get off the dry blood from my battle wounds without making it hurt worse . 
 when i was as clean as i was going to get , i left the bathroom in a towel to get dressed in my room . 
 to my surprise my room was n't empty . 
 `` hi , what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked , awkwardly . 
 `` i came to check on you . '' 
 jared said . 
 `` the front door was open and i thought something might be wrong . '' 
 he made no attempts to hide the fact he was checking me out , the towel sure revealed enough for him to look at . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i forgot to lock it when caleb left . '' 
 he brought his focus back to the subject at hand , causing him to look at my eyes and not my legs . 
 `` how was he ? '' 
 `` as ok as he can be right now . '' 
 i felt sad when i remembered how hurt caleb looked speaking about his ungrateful brother . 
 it would take time for him to get on with his regular routine . 
 `` he 's not talking much and he wo n't mention last night . 
 it 's all gone by the way , the house was burned down . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i hoped caleb and jamie would find closure to be able to move on . 
 `` i have to get dressed . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 jared asked with mock outrage at the horrible idea . 
 i smiled . 
 i was growing to like his obvious sometimes very bad flirting . 
 `` go before i have to cast a spell that will erase the memory of me in this towel from your memory forever . '' 
 he gasped and i do n't think he was joking that time . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 i could n't but i was n't going to tell him that . 
 `` do you want to risk it ? '' 
 `` i 'll go but you 're not getting rid of me . 
 we still have that date to discuss . '' 
 jared tossed the words over his shoulder as he walked out of the room . 
 `` i do n't date . '' 
 `` you do now ! '' 
 he called back as he reached the bottom of the staircase . 
 i should 've known he heard what i said no matter how low i said it , he was a werewolf . 
 i did n't date and even if i did , i certainly would n't make the mistake of dating a werewolf or any type of supernatural again . 
 chapter 20 after getting dressed and having some breakfast i thought about going to work , except there was the small problem of not knowing whether i even had a job to go back to . 
 there was a few ways a meeting could go with michael and none of them were appealing . 
 he was pissed off i lied to him and i could n't blame him for that either . 
 i did however wish he could understand my point of view , see that i was just too scared to tell him everything about a past i wanted to forget . 
 it was never a question if i loved him or not . 
 deep down i just did n't want to have my heart broken again but sitting at home talking to myself was n't going to give me any answers . 
 i convinced myself to leave the house and go have that long over due conversation with michael . 
 outside i looked down the street and saw caleb 's car in the driveway . 
 with time the alpha would find a way to make peace with his choices . 
 there was nothing i could do for him anymore . 
 at the winston mansion my heart was lodged in my throat . 
 several times on the way to michael 's office i thought about turning around and calling him on the phone instead . 
 michael was the man i most and least wanted to see everyday . 
 there were times i wanted to rush and tell him something and other times i 'd fear his reaction . 
 he was a master vampire who once thought he fell in love with a human girl . 
 i was n't too sure he 'd accept that i was never that human girl . 
 lies and betrayal never sat well with anyone , least of all vampires . 
 michael was standing behind his desk . 
 `` cat naps again ? '' 
 he looked up away from some paperwork at the sound of my voice . 
 his green eyes were hard set taking in the different cuts and bruises still not healed on my face . 
 `` you look lovely . '' 
 i could n't help it and grinned . 
 i was a mess and did n't bother much to hide it that morning when i got ready . 
 `` it comes naturally . 
 let 's skip the small talk and i 'll just spit it out . 
 i 'm going to tell you everything and maybe you 'll understand or maybe you wo n't but at least there wo n't be anymore secrets . '' 
 if there was anyone that should know my truth , it was him after everything we shared . 
 `` i was born into a coven that mixed magic and the ability to shapeshift . '' 
 i told him about the history between the witch and the skinwalker . 
 i told him about the laws of the coven and the cruel ways we were threatened to follow those laws . 
 `` i could n't do it anymore and i ran . 
 i thought i was being a coward but i finally realized it took a lot more guts to run from something that much bigger than me . 
 i would 've and could still be killed if they ever found out i told someone . 
 when i met you i wanted to forget that life and for a long time it stopped existing . 
 i never thought i 'd ever be part of it again . '' 
 michael was silent ; his eyes were focused on the files on the desk . 
 `` shapeshift ? 
 you can turn into them ? '' 
 it was n't until right then and there i realized he did n't know about that part . 
 he sounded hurt . 
 `` yes . 
 i inherited the wolf and the coyote along with heavy magical powers . 
 i did n't tell you because i did n't want it to be part of our life . 
 i ca n't run from it anymore and i hope you can understand it was n't because of you i lied but because of me . 
 also , do i still have a job ? '' 
 i forced myself not to cry . 
 i did n't want to succumb to the welling emotions i 'd been denying for awhile now . 
 michael chuckled . 
 `` you 'll always have a job . '' 
 he finally looked up from the messy desk with his serious eyes finding my face . 
 `` this changes everything . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because he 's right , you belong with them . 
 you never fit this life evie and now i understand why . '' 
 he said every word like it was painful to form them . 
 `` who 's right ? '' 
 i did n't like where the conversation was going because i understood what he meant . 
 i 'd never fit the mold of a vampire , i could never fully be part of his life . 
 `` caleb . '' 
 he said the alpha 's name with a sigh and walked around the desk to pace . 
 he hid his emotions well but i was always able to read him , he was furious a lot when i was around these days . 
 `` what did he say to you ? '' 
 my consideration for the other man was quickly fading . 
 caleb had no right to tell michael anything about me . 
 `` i do n't belong with anyone , i live my life and make my own choices . 
 that 's the whole reason i left the coven in the first place . 
 caleb wo n't make me into his little soldier . '' 
 `` what do you call what just happened ? '' 
 `` i was helping jamie ! '' 
 i was getting tired of trying to explain that one . 
 `` if anything i called the shots . 
 i have never submitted to him . 
 even before all of this , you wanted to believe something was going on between me and caleb when that 's never been the case . 
 ca n't you see that i love you ? '' 
 the words flew out of my mouth before i could realize where i had taken us . 
 `` evie , do n't -- '' `` i know because it wo n't change anything but damn it , do n't you see if i love you i 'm nowhere near ready to think about another man , let alone anything else ? 
 you always let your jealously get in the way . '' 
 i let out a long sigh . 
 `` i did n't come here to talk about this . '' 
 i wiped my hands over my tear soaked cheeks and turned to the door . 
 i should 've stayed in bed and avoided the emotional shit storm waiting for me . 
 michael made it to the door before me and blocked the way out . 
 `` i do n't know what you want , evie . '' 
 `` you know damn well what i want . '' 
 i would n't say the words and make the tension between us worse but what i wanted was him and to have our life together back . 
 `` right now i want you to accept , or at least understand , my point of view . '' 
 i knew when to stop beating a dead horse and when it was time to get out of there . 
 `` i 'll cover today 's night shift and start my regular shift tomorrow . '' 
 i pushed past him and left the mansion . 
 i put a few miles between us before pulling over and letting out my tears and what they represented . 
 i could n't hold them in any longer . 
 i heard getting over your first love was hard but mine was down right hell . 
 i would love to wake up one day and be able to accept michael as a memory and not hope for a future that was n't there . 
 it was n't working out that way though . 
 thinking logically distance would probably help , i needed to find a new job and manage to go a few days without thinking about him . 
 i thought about all the times michael and i were alone without a care in the world . 
 many of those times i thought about telling him the truth . 
 after he had bitten me and the virus did n't take he blamed himself , i had come close to telling him then too that i was n't human . 
 now he knew everything and he still was n't willing to give us another chance . 
 i needed to stop fighting for the impossible . 
 chapter 21 the drive from michael 's home back to my street did nothing to ease the rage i felt toward caleb . 
 i was seeing red . 
 i parked my car back home and marched the distance down the street to his place . 
 it was probably a foolish move considering his state of mind but i knocked anyway . 
 when he opened i noticed two things , -lrb- one -rrb- he did n't look much better than when i saw him last and -lrb- two -rrb- jamie was n't home . 
 i asked where she was . 
 `` she went out with sarah . 
 she was tired of being home and could use the fresh air . '' 
 caleb explained and let me past the door at the same time . 
 sarah was jamie 's cousin and also part of her uncle 's pack . 
 he stood close enough to inhale my scent and did . 
 `` you 're angry . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and kept my eyes on him just i case his fragile state turned violent . 
 `` yeah , i went to see michael . 
 he knows everything now but he said something that has me confused . 
 maybe you can clear that up . 
 he said you were right that i belong more with your kind than his , when did you speak to him ? '' 
 it would be a stupid move but i wanted to attack him , take all my anger out on him for having the audacity to do what he did . 
 `` before i saw you at the hospital we ran into each other . '' 
 caleb said and turned away to sit down on the sofa . 
 he was n't in good shape at all when he spoke to michael . 
 not that he was now either . 
 i knew that and i could n't blame him for not thinking when his emotions were all over the place and laced with guilt for his brother . 
 `` fine i understand now is a bad time for you , but for the record , i do n't belong to any side . 
 i helped you and now that 's over . 
 i 'll be getting on with my life now . '' 
 i turned to leave . 
 `` what life ? '' 
 i gripped the door handle and did n't turn around . 
 `` are you trying to hurt me ? '' 
 caleb stood behind me . 
 `` what gives you that idea ? '' 
 `` you 're hurting and i 'm an easy target . '' 
 i turned around and met his dark blue eyes . 
 `` for now . '' 
 i added . 
 `` is that a threat ? 
 it does amaze me how you can pretend to be so tough when you 're actually scared of me . 
 but i 've seen what you can do and i wo n't push your limit . '' 
 `` you already have . 
 i ca n't believe you said something to michael when you knew ; you were the only one who knew i was n't ready to say anything . '' 
 i felt tears rushing to my eyes again . 
 `` you made it harder for him to listen . '' 
 `` he 'll never understand you , evangeline , and he 'll never accept what you are . '' 
 `` i do n't need you to tell me that . 
 i do n't need you to tell me anything . 
 your life is no picnic so please do n't try and give me advice . '' 
 i wanted to leave and slam the door in his pretty face and never speak to him again . 
 if i could just seem to move i 'd do exactly that . 
 on one hand i was mad at him and on the other hand i continued to feel bad for him . 
 i did n't need his advice and he did n't need me . 
 `` you asked me for help and now it 's done with . 
 there 's no reason for us to associate . '' 
 i left and walked back to my empty house . 
 i was sad over michael but i could n't blame caleb , my love life was a problem way before him . 
 for the second time that day i found jared in my personal space . 
 he was coming down the stairs as i was shutting the front door . 
 `` you should n't be here . '' 
 he said with a cringe , looking like a child caught with his hands in the cookie jar . 
 i scoffed . 
 `` i live here . '' 
 jared sighed , it seemed whatever his plan was fell through . 
 `` you should n't be here now ; you could 've waited a few more minutes . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i said mockingly , it was my place and he came in uninvited . 
 `` you broke in did n't you ? '' 
 `` i 'd rather call it a nice gesture . '' 
 `` to break in ? 
 what were you doing ? '' 
 i narrowed my eyes as i questioned him , although i did n't have it in my heart to be actually mad . 
 jared was a nice change from the emotional turmoil that was michael and caleb . 
 `` i plead the fifth . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders and joined me by the front door . 
 `` about our date ... '' i smiled and shook my head . 
 i could n't believe i thought he was the shy quiet type . 
 `` i do n't date and if i did , i would n't date a werewolf . '' 
 his eyes took a serious shade , he was intrigued . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you 're control freaks and it 's more a power play than anything else with you guys . '' 
 i used the short explanation instead of going into the long drawn out reason i was wary of shapeshifters . 
 i suddenly thought about kevin again . 
 jared was a dominate male who did n't know how to give up . 
 `` let me prove you wrong . 
 we can make it fun . '' 
 i should 've kicked him out but again he was a nice distraction . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i crossed my arms pretending to be uninterested . 
 a mischievous grin tugged at the corner of his lips , i should 've backed away then . 
 `` a bet . 
 you go out with me and if you do n't enjoy yourself then i 'll stop hounding you . '' 
 confidence oozed from his words , you did n't make it as the alpha 's third by being anything less . 
 `` not that there 's a chance but , if you win ? '' 
 jared brushed past me and reached for the door , he ran his fingers down my cheek to my neck . 
 `` you 'll have to wait and see . '' 
 he left , shutting the door behind him . 
 i could n't explain why i agreed to play along with his game . 
 it was the first choice i had made in awhile that i did n't over analyze . 
 it felt good . 
 chapter 22 even after my upsetting talk with michael it felt good to be back at work . 
 some of the staff asked where i had been all those previous days . 
 michael told everyone i was taking care of a family problem and i stuck with that because it was n't much of a lie . 
 i kept expecting to hear something from my father or the coven . 
 thankfully they stayed away and there was nothing to suggest they 'd come looking for me . 
 la amour continued to be the busiest establishment in celestin city . 
 i greeted humans , most in pairs of two coming out that saturday night on a date , vampires were out in full bloom too , some with their own kind and others with their human prey . 
 i learned a lot about vampires being with michael and living in celestin . 
 i did n't fault them for their instincts and thousands of years of tradition but i had always known i could n't live my life to their rules . 
 as much as i loved michael , i could never change who i was for him . 
 that did n't mean i belonged with the werewolves either because i could take on their shape . 
 i did n't agree with their lifestyle either . 
 the label of a lone animal applied to me in many ways , i liked living by my own standards and answering to no one . 
 my shift lasted eight hours , by one o’clock that morning it was time to go home and hand over the reigns to the next shift . 
 the restaurant ran in three shifts to keep all of its unique customers happy . 
 i saw dominic a few times while he worked in the kitchen and greeted guests but michael had n't been in . 
 it was bittersweet not seeing him , it saved me from anymore saddened feelings . 
 i still missed seeing him though , oh how i did love to torture myself . 
 i was falling back into my routine like i had hoped for . 
 i went home and found it empty just the way i left it that afternoon . 
 i showered and changed into a pair of running shorts and a t-shirt . 
 i changed the bandage on my arm and noticed the gunshot wound was going to leave a scar ; the area of skin was damn ugly and no mix of vampire virus and lycanthropy was going to make it go away . 
 i went back downstairs to eat the food i brought back from work . 
 there was nothing better than dominic 's four cheese chicken pasta . 
 it was nearing three in the morning when i finally laid down in my bed for the first time in days . 
 i sank into its comfort and sighed contently to be able to sleep with no pressing matters attacking my focus . 
 it was nice while it lasted , even my dreams had been peaceful but when it ended , it ended abruptly . 
 a soft haunting voice kept telling me to wake up , he even used my name and that was a problem . 
 i jumped up with wide eyes and managed to get to the opposite side of him . 
 `` you 're supposed to be dead . '' 
 i said to the warlock . 
 `` yes and so should you . 
 for such a smart girl you can be very stupid . 
 i was too valuable to be killed and the wolf knew that . 
 seeming as if i was dead had its benefits . '' 
 he said , grinning from ear to ear as he added ; `` benefits like this . '' 
 he threw a burst of energy that sent me flying out the window with such force the two story drop was going to hurt . 
 i screamed and did the only thing i could before i fell to my death , i shifted . 
 my wolf body skated across the street and landed in the neighbor 's yard . 
 i felt blood rising in my mouth from the force of the painful landing . 
 i did n't want to move but if i did n't i 'd be killed . 
 i rushed to stand as the warlock came busting out my front door . 
 the warlock wanted to fight fair so his victory would n't be questioned . 
 pride was n't going to let him make my death easy or quick . 
 he shifted into the same four legged animal he used the other night and snarled , showing his long sharp teeth to me . 
 my whole body was shaking with fear and fury . 
 he was supposed to be dead and i was supposed to be back to my boring life . 
 i had so many strikes against me and the fight had n't even begun . 
 i hurt everywhere . 
 it was all his fault , every one of my troubles and bodily aches . 
 i snarled back and jumped at him . 
 the fight was n't short lived , i think the warlock wanted to take his time and play with me before closing the deal . 
 we swiped our claws at each other ; i managed to dodge most of his attempts except one that caught me on the shoulder . 
 i got him across the nose , he whined and that small victory made me feel a tad better . 
 he lunged at me , digging his nails into my skin as we rolled around the grass , each trying to gain the upper hand . 
 giving up felt so tempting , for all the pain to stop and continue the fight later but if i gave up there 'd be no more fight , now or ever again . 
 it was either him or me . 
 i kept focusing on that . 
 he shook me free and tossed me to the other side of the lawn . 
 i laid there panting for breath and rushing to come up with my next move . 
 the warlock came over with hesitant steps to see if i was dead and if not to make his next move . 
 that 's when i made my next attack , before he could realize it and stop me , my jaw was wrapped completely around his neck . 
 he shrugged to get me off like he had done before . 
 i was n't letting go , it was my last and only chance . 
 at first i pierced through his fur and skin and after what felt like endless meat and blood i felt his bone . 
 i did n't stop until i felt that bone crack against my teeth . 
 i stepped back and looked at the dead animal . 
 it did n't feel vindicating or joyful like i wanted . 
 i shook with pain and felt tears along my eyes , i took a life , and there was nothing good about what had just happened . 
 even if he deserved it . 
 i heard nothing as my eyes focused on the body but people started coming around me , a faint scream made its way past my ears and i knew it was jamie . 
 i could n't move , i started thinking about guilt and who the man was besides the dark side i saw of him . 
 that was n't how it was supposed to be , i did n't want to feel bad for the man who would 've killed me and enjoyed every second of it . 
 i stepped back and shook my head when i felt someone touch me . 
 i wanted to be left alone . 
 i ran away from the bleeding dead animal back into my home where i hoped to forget . 
 chapter 23 i ran up to my bedroom still in wolf form and hid under the bed while quick heavy steps followed me . 
 `` evangeline . '' 
 caleb stepped inside my horribly messy room with his voice soft yet firm in control of the situation . 
 my thoughts lingered on the fact he was seeing my room in such disarray . 
 i could n't figure out why it bothered me that he saw it like that . 
 it was actually because of him it was a mess ; i had no time to clean the last few days . 
 i shook my head and rested it on my paws ; i was having the stupidest thoughts . 
 i watched caleb 's dress shoes as he walked around the room and checked the closet looking for me . 
 i did n't understand why he cared either . 
 he should know i wanted to be alone and understand why . 
 he was after all struggling with his own demons . 
 he stopped directly in front of the bed and after noticeably inhaling he bent down to find me . 
 i swiped my paw at him but caleb moved away in time . 
 the alpha was getting mad . 
 i did n't care , i just wanted him gone by any means necessary . 
 being alpha he knew how to deal with unruly animals and made no moves to leave my room . 
 `` i know what you 're doing . '' 
 caleb said like mr. know it all . 
 i covered my eyes and ears with my arms . 
 `` you ca n't be left alone . '' 
 he was saying my thought as it ran through my mind . 
 `` you did n't do anything wrong . '' 
 i growled at him and turned away . 
 i refused to listen to him try and make me do things his way . 
 i wondered how many other wolves he tried to appear compassionate to in order for them to listen , in order for them to allow him to take control . 
 `` do you want me to call michael ? '' 
 i turned around then . 
 `` yes or no ? '' 
 it sounded like he was mocking me . 
 i was so tempted to attack him . 
 `` i ca n't understand you . 
 shift back and tell me or i 'll make the call . '' 
 caleb was blackmailing me into getting his way , now that was rich . 
 he either truly knew what he was doing or he had no fear at the snarling wolf in front of him . 
 i gave him my back which was a clear form of disrespect , good thing i did n't belong to his pack , and moved up to the front of the bed . 
 i laid there tired and bleeding . 
 my carpet would never be the same . 
 caleb sighed and left the room , finally i was rid of him . 
 i could hear some commotion outside . 
 i was n't curious enough to find out what was happening with the warlock 's body to move . 
 i did n't want to think about him . 
 i let my eyes drift close only to reopen them just as fast . 
 i had n't gotten rid of caleb after all . 
 he came back in wolf form and laid beside me . 
 it was an odd fit for the large animal and he did n't seem to mind . 
 i eyeballed him for a moment before relaxing back down onto the floor . 
 he laid so close i felt his body heat , it was comforting and i believed i could stay in that moment forever and be ok . 
 i did n't think i 'd be ok any other way , the thought of what could happen next scared me . 
 i 'd probably have to over analyze the reaction to caleb later but right now i took what he gave . 
 i let out a whine . 
 he moved closer and licked the top of my head . 
 i could n't get rid of the need i had to cry . 
 the more i tried to suppress it the worse the feeling got . 
 i ran out from under the bed and dashed into the bathroom . 
 i closed the door behind me with a flick of my head . 
 i shifted back into my human form just as the bile rose in my stomach . 
 i bent over the toilet and threw up blood , fur , and then more blood until even dominic 's wonderful pasta was gone . 
 i stood and washed out my mouth a few times over . 
 i looked into the mirror and felt my body swaying . 
 there was more skin purple and green than not . 
 there was n't anything i could do about that . 
 i grabbed the towel from its rack and wrapped it around my body . 
 i stepped out of the door and collapsed right there at the doorway , caleb caught me before my top half reached the floor . 
 he shifted back and managed to get his pants on and nothing more . 
 i hung onto him like a life line . 
 i rested my cheek against his bare shoulder and let the flood gates open . 
 i cried and cried unable to make it stop . 
 he carefully ran his hand over my wounded back and my hair . 
 after what seemed like an hour , maybe more , i calmed down and relaxed still with his arms around me . 
 the clouds began to clear and what was happening reached my brain . 
 it was too dangerous to lean on caleb . 
 i did n't want to pull away from his inviting arms . 
 i moved and sat in front of him . 
 `` what happened outside with ... . '' 
 my voice was horse from all the ugly hiccup crying . 
 `` it 's taken care of . '' 
 those four words said it all . 
 the way he said it left me with no desire to ask for the details . 
 `` they fooled us , he was n't dead ... but he sure is now . '' 
 i chuckled weakly and ran both my hands over my face . 
 `` he came after you , it was self defense . '' 
 i met his dark blue eyes . 
 `` i know that and i 'll admit it 's bothering me , but most of the way i feel is more for selfish reasons . '' 
 i leaned my back against the wall of the hallway and sighed . 
 the day had been going pretty well , i did n't think it 'd ever be well again , at least never the same . 
 caleb 's face took on a puzzled expression . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 he reached out and brushed the hair out of my eyes . 
 the gesture reminded me of his earlier ones . 
 `` you licked me . '' 
 caleb chuckled with a shrug . 
 `` it worked ; you 're talking to me now on two legs . '' 
 he seemed to be overly proud and some of it felt like an act , he was joking around and from what i knew that was rare . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i just had to really throw up . '' 
 i could n't admit to caleb nikolas he helped me a lot or the fact i was n't sure about much except our relationship would never be the same either . 
 i just was n't sure if that was a good or bad thing . 
 `` you 're dodging the question , how is it selfish ? '' 
 i looked down at my hands and knew once i voiced the fears there was no turning back , i could n't live in ignorance . 
 `` they ca n't forget this . 
 the coven will know it was me when he does n't come home . 
 they knew what was happening but since i do n't belong to them anymore they could n't intervene . 
 but he belonged to them and now they 'll seek justice and if not the elders , then his family . 
 i was stupid to think i could really escape it all . '' 
 i felt tears welling back up in my eyes . 
 i did n't let them fall free anymore . 
 crying was n't going to help me by any means . 
 my life would never be the same . 
 i could n't turn back and hide from my true self or the world i came from . 
 there was no more running , i was free and i planned to keep it that way no matter what came next . 
 there was no doubt it was coming . 
 ### other novels by isabelle arocho set in celestin city : sinfully departed -lrb- zoe langston # 1 -rrb- blood sins -lrb- zoe langston # 2 -rrb- sin of hope -lrb- zoe langston # 3 -rrb- deceptions -lrb- evie cortez # 1 -rrb- anticipations -lrb- evie cortez # 2 -rrb- death says hello -lrb- holly garrett book # 1 -rrb- other : games we play 
