 murphy 's heist david chilcott chilcott , david murphy 's heist 2014 , david chilcott first edition published at smashwords.com cover design by ebookcovers4u.wordpress.com -lrb- license notes -rrb- all rights reserved . 
 this book contains material protected under international and federal copyright laws and treaties . 
 any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher . 
 also by david chilcott : cruise the storm -lrb- 2014 -rrb- murphy 's heist chapter one bobby bell had chosen the china sichuan restaurant , now moved to ballymoss road in dublin , a lovely light and airy restaurant . 
 bobby phoned kevin hui , and asked if he could have a table for two adjacent to the large plate glass window . 
 if you are going to eat in one of the best restaurants , may as well be seen . 
 it was easily arranged . 
 bobby was looking forward to hearing what murphy was going to tell him . 
 the old crook was bound to be brimming with moneymaking ideas . 
 the restaurant was buzzing as usual when bobby arrived a few minutes early , and sat at the table with a gin and tonic , checking how many dubliners he knew by sight . 
 not as many as he expected . 
 did that mean there was a new in-place that nobody had told him about ? 
 he saw murphy being led across to his table now , by a waiter he did know . 
 bobby was surprised how much murphy had aged , if he did n't know he was sixty , he would have put him at seventy-five . 
 bobby stood up , put out his hand . 
 `` welcome to dublin , eamonn , '' he said . 
 murphy smiled , his false teeth flashing in the restaurant lights . 
 bobby said , `` sit down , sit down . 
 this is the best restaurant in dublin , you know . '' 
 `` as long as they serve a rare sirloin steak , that will be fine , '' said murphy as he lowered himself into the seat . 
 bobby flinched . 
 the same old eamonn , as rough as a badger 's arse . 
 the waiter asked murphy if he would like a drink . 
 `` a pint of mild , please '' `` it must be a fair while since you were in dublin , '' said bobby , his eyes on the door watching guests entering . 
 `` aye , all of twenty years , at least . '' 
 `` you would be surprised how the city 's changed , even in the last ten years . '' 
 `` i could tell riding down in the taxi from the airport , '' said murphy . 
 `` i hear you 're the big businessman nowadays . '' 
 `` well the recession has been really bad in the eurozone . 
 everybody is suffering . 
 you are living in england ? 
 how come ? '' 
 `` my wife 's english . 
 when the troubles were over , my job sort of finished , you might say . 
 so we went to live in cheshire , not far from manchester . 
 but money 's getting tight , which really is the reason i 'm here to see you . 
 and my wife 's ill , which is going to get expensive . 
 alzheimer 's it is . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' said bobby , for something to say , turning back to look at murphy . 
 the waiter returned with murphy 's beer , and the menus . 
 murphy took a swig of his drink . 
 `` i met jimmy nolan , about a year ago . 
 do you remember him ? 
 he was at school with us , thin and quite tall . 
 when he left school , it was because his dad got a job in england . 
 liverpool , i think . 
 it was when we were about fourteen . '' 
 `` ca n't say i remember , eamon . 
 you 're talking , what , forty , fifty years ago , for god 's sake . 
 but carry on . '' 
 murphy took another sip of beer . 
 `` well , young jimmy went off in a different direction , so to speak , joined the cheshire police force when he was twenty-five . 
 now he 's an inspector , and coming up for retirement . 
 we had a few nights out in the local pub , and like , he 's telling me that he 's just divorced , how his wife took half his pay , and half his pension , if you can believe him . 
 he 's kissed the blarney stone , i reckon . 
 anyway , he knows i 'm not exactly white as white , should think he 's looked up my record . 
 i 'd been mixing with the wrong sort in manchester , now there 's a city of crime . 
 used to be liverpool , maybe still is . 
 so , one night when jimmy had a few too many , he tells me that there is a bullion company shipping platinum , by air , out of manchester airport . 
 because of the insurance , they have to have police in attendance when the courier van picks up from the warehouse . 
 he reckons the value of each consignment is worth twelve million pounds sterling , maybe more . '' 
 `` platinum , eh ? 
 did he say what you can do with it , apart from make jewellery ? '' 
 asked bobby `` yes , these people are supplying car manufacturers in the usa , it 's used in exhaust systems . 
 some in every car , apparently . 
 of course , i could nick a batch , that 's the easy part , well , not too hard . 
 but then you 've got to move it on . '' 
 `` and you think i might be able to do that ? 
 i do n't need to tell you , eamonn , twelve million quid retail wo n't fence for much . 
 maybe four . 
 and i 'd need a slice , and i bet your jimmy would . '' 
 `` well , i thought since you had a russian connection , i have been following your career . 
 it was well known in the ira , that any russian equipment was coming through you . '' 
 `` i would n't admit it . 
 but it was a long time ago , what ten years nearly , since decommissioning , when the ira stopped arming themselves , and destroyed their weapons . 
 maybe the same people are no longer in charge of the gang i knew . '' 
 `` it would be worth finding out . 
 i reckon it 's only them , or maybe the american mobs , who could handle something like this . 
 but if you ca n't fence it , i wo n't even take it any further . 
 there 's other pickings over the water , just harder work , and i 'm an old man now . '' 
 they continued talking whilst they ate , murphy staying away from what he called foreign stuff . 
 he said he enjoyed his steak , and ate all of it . 
 afterwards he had an orange . 
 bobby ordered a couple of brandies . 
 they were drinking them , still talking when a shadow loomed over the table . 
 `` murphy , stand up . '' 
 it was a big red-faced overweight man maybe six feet tall or so . 
 murphy got to his feet , and then without any warning the big man slammed his fist into murphy 's face . 
 fortunately for murphy , some of the force was lessened as murphy fell backwards , tripped over his chair , and ended sprawled on his back on the restaurant floor , blood trickling from his nose . 
 `` that 's for blowing my building up in belfast '' said the man , rubbing his fist , and turning to make his way back to his table . 
 the restaurant fell silent , a hundred pair of eyes on bobby 's table . 
 bobby went over to murphy , said `` here , i 'll lift you up , take this handkerchief . '' 
 he pulled it from his top pocket . 
 by now two waiters were rushing over . 
 by the time they arrived , murphy was on his feet , swaying slightly , and supported by bobby . 
 kevin came over . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this , i have a side room over here . '' 
 he led the way , waiters and bobby in attendance with murphy now being supported on all sides , walking away from the crowded main floor , kevin opened a door , ushered them in , switched on the lights . 
 it was a small private dining room for ten guests , one large table , with chairs round it . 
 two upholstered chairs , one in each corner . 
 kevin guided murphy to one of these , sat him down , told one of the waiters to fetch a glass of water , and the other one to get back to his duties . 
 murphy was looking better now , and smiled `` bobby , now you see why i do n't live in belfast . '' 
 kevin said `` gentlemen i apologise for this attack which has taken place on my premises . 
 please stay here until you are ready to go home . 
 i will settle the bill myself . '' 
 chapter two john mcbride stood in the centre of the room . 
 there were paintings on all the gallery walls , and on a couple of floor standing screens as well . 
 he wore a dark grey suit , white shirt , no tie . 
 concession to show he was an artist , not a banker . 
 the gallery was quiet , and smelled slightly of lemon air freshener . 
 an old couple shuffled slowly along , looking at the paintings , one by one . 
 a smart middle-aged woman sat at a desk in the corner behind a neat pile of catalogues , an open ledger , credit card reader and a laptop . 
 she was occupied with the computer . 
 playing solitaire , mcbride knew : he 'd looked . 
 the swing door from the street banged back . 
 a stocky man bustled in , shaved head , square face , wide shoulders . 
 he looked about him , as if he 'd entered the wrong room , glanced at mcbride , then at the paintings . 
 on the far wall opposite the door were four watercolours mcbride had completed only last week . 
 they belonged to the gallery owner . 
 not for sale : nfs it said in the catalogue . 
 it was pointless showing them , in mcbride 's opinion . 
 the space could have been used for something that would sell , and earn him money . 
 the thickset man seemed to notice the local paintings , strode over and studied them for a few moments . 
 he said to the woman at the desk , `` i want that painting , can i take it with me ? '' 
 he pointed . 
 `` that 's not for sale , i 'm sorry sir '' mcbride drifted over . 
 `` it 's already been sold . 
 it was commissioned . 
 if you like the view , i could produce a similar painting as a commission for you . '' 
 `` it 's that one i want . 
 i 'll pay you more than the other guy . '' 
 to make his point he reached into his back pocket , his hand coming out with a thick wad of twenties . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , we ca n't do that , '' the woman said . 
 the man looked at her , his mouth a tight line , then he spun on his heel and was gone , the door clattering back and forward behind him . 
 the woman looked at mcbride , her eyebrows raised and a smirk on her face . 
 he returned to the middle of the room , looked at his watch . 
 three hours before the gallery closed . 
 he could leave now , he was n't committed to stay , but ian smith , might look in last thing , see if he 'd made any more commission . 
 his breath would smell slightly of whisky and he would breathe the fumes over mcbride . 
 painting was the fun part , this was the shit . 
 the afternoon drifted on , a few spectators coming , circling and leaving . 
 one guy bought a painting , the woman worked the credit card machine , stuck a red dot on the picture . 
 the next visitor was a tall girl in flat shoes , jeans and a white top hanging over the jeans . 
 she smiled at mcbride . 
 `` you really are an artist , name in big letters outside the gallery . 
 boy , this is impressive . 
 and you wearing a suit , and now me dressed casually . '' 
 she said she had watched him paint a couple of times in the town . 
 he remembered then she was dressed in a formal business suit , briefcase in her hand . 
 `` my suit is to impress the gallery owner , not the punters , who expect me to wear a smock . '' 
 she smiled and drifted off to view the paintings . 
 he admired her bottom . 
 ian smith arrived , chatted to mcbride for a few minutes , suggesting which type of paintings he thought sold easiest ; he took all mcbride 's painting output some to sell through his own galleries , the majority to resell to other galleries throughout the uk and further afield . 
 the set-up suited mcbride . 
 another hour passed and no-one had been in for at least thirty minutes . 
 he looked at his watch yet again , headed for the exit , saying `` goodnight '' over his shoulder to the desk - woman . 
 outside the late afternoon sun was casting pale shadows , and he could smell newly mown grass . 
 lucky , he thought , with the weather in the week he 'd been here . 
 no time lost and six paintings completed , the four in the gallery , and two larger paintings of ian smith 's country pile already hung in his main living room . 
 spaces were waiting to hang the others after the show . 
 and the bonus of a week in a five star country hotel paid for by smith . 
 he collected his key from reception , walked into the bar off the lobby . 
 the girl was sitting at a table , drink in front of her , evening newspaper in her hand . 
 `` hello again . '' 
 she looked up and smiled . 
 `` i knew you were staying here . 
 saw you across the room at breakfast . '' 
 he walked over to the bar , bought a beer , came back . 
 `` may i join you ? '' 
 she inclined her head . 
 he sat down at the opposite side of the table . 
 in the act of sitting his eye was caught by a movement in the lobby . 
 his shaven-headman crossed purposefully towards the stairs , looking neither left nor right . 
 `` a funny thing happened at the gallery today . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 `` a man came in , and tried to buy a painting that was n't for sale . 
 he was quite antagonistic towards the woman at the desk , pulling wads of cash out of his pocket . 
 as if he did n't know how to behave in a gallery . 
 then he stormed out again . '' 
 `` maybe he 's one of the nouveau riche . 
 in that case , he might not know how to behave in an art gallery . '' 
 `` and just now he walked into the lobby '' . 
 `` spending his cash in a five star joint , that 's the way to go . '' 
 `` very odd . 
 i offered to do a commission for him of the same scene . 
 was n't interested . '' 
 he sipped his beer , reflecting . 
 `` you know all about me . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 dressed up as power woman with a briefcase most of the time . '' 
 `` sounds a sexist remark , '' she said , and smiled at him . 
 `` i work for a fashion chain . 
 we 're opening a new branch ten miles down the road . 
 out of town shopping centre ... i 'm director of human resources , once known as personnel department manager . 
 i interview staff , supervise training , that sort of thing . 
 i 've been up here a fortnight already . 
 staying about another week , then it 's up and running . 
 my name is helen jackson . '' 
 she held out her right hand . 
 he shook it . 
 `` have you tried the italian restaurant in the high street yet ? '' 
 `` no , i 've been eating in the hotel . 
 is it good ? '' 
 `` do n't know either , but we could find out if you like . '' 
 `` give me time to get ready . '' 
 `` say about 8 o’clock . 
 i 'll see if we can book . '' 
 `` i 'll be down here at about five to eight then , '' she said as she rose from her chair . 
 mcbride finished his beer and followed , making his way to the concierge desk , and booked a table at the trattoria antonio . 
 he walked to his room on the first floor , was just about to slot the key card in the door when he hesitated . 
 the door had been jemmied and stood ajar . 
 he could n't hear movement inside . 
 he gently pushed the door fully open , standing to one side for cover , but the room seemed empty . 
 some drawers had been tipped out on the floor . 
 cautiously he checked the bathroom . 
 nothing . 
 looking round . 
 he noticed his camera had gone from the bedside table . 
 worse still , his laptop was n't on the desk . 
 he picked up the phone , got reception . 
 `` 120 . 
 my room has been broken into . 
 put me through to security . '' 
 the line went dead for a moment , then : `` security is on his way to your room now , sir . '' 
 there was a tap on the open door . 
 the guy wore an ill-fitting suit , a potbelly hanging over his trousers . 
 could be a retired policeman . 
 he knew hotels liked an ex member of the force . 
 reliable , and usually honest . 
 `` have you checked whether anything 's missing ? '' 
 `` what you would expect . 
 computer and camera . 
 nothing else worth stealing . 
 do you have cctv on this floor . 
 or in the lobby ? '' 
 `` yes sir . 
 come with me and we 'll have a look . 
 when do you think it happened ? '' 
 they were already walking down the corridor , going down to the lobby ; then through a door behind the concierge desk . 
 a bank of monitors was racked against the wall opposite them . 
 mcbride said : `` look at the tapes for about twenty , thirty minutes ago . 
 i was in the bar ; a stocky guy crossed the lobby and went up the stairs . 
 you can see where he went from there . '' 
 the security man fiddled with the controls , got pictures running on a spare monitor . 
 turned knobs , pressed buttons . 
 `` this is the lobby , is that the man you mean ? '' 
 the light from the lobby spots bounced off the man 's bald head . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so he 's going up the main stairs there , as you said ... now i switch cameras and we will ... '' the stocky man turned left and headed for mcbride 's room , now shielding his face , must have been suddenly aware of the camera . 
 too late , already seen you ! 
 he stood close to the door , and in just seconds he was into room 120 . 
 twenty , thirty seconds later he was coming out , his hand held in front of his face again . 
 you could see the laptop bag in his other hand . 
 camera was probably in his pocket . 
 the security man switched off the spare monitor . 
 `` i think we 've got him sir . 
 i 'll just speak to the police . 
 maybe he 's a local villain , though he 's not been in here before . . '' 
 `` do n't be too sure . 
 but at least get me a crime number for the computer and the camera . 
 my insurers will need it . 
 oh , and can you get me sorted with a new room ? 
 and have housekeeping shift my things over . '' 
 mcbride walked back to the bar . 
 ordered another beer , sat at the same table as before , now deep in thought . 
 at 7.30 he went over to reception , got the key for the new room , went up , briefly showered , and changed into chinos , new shirt . 
 he was back in the bar at 7.45 . 
 his beer was still on the table . 
 at 7.55 precisely , helen swept into the bar , looking smart wearing a trouser suit . 
 mcbride grinned . 
 `` i guess an open tab at the shops comes with the job . '' 
 `` you bet . 
 do n't tell me you 've be doing a man thing , swilling beer all this time '' `` you would n't believe how busy i 've been , mostly meeting members of hotel staff . 
 i 'll tell you over dinner , cos i 've a favour to ask . '' 
 `` and that 's before you 've even bought me dinner . '' 
 chapter three the trattoria was small , and nearly empty . 
 mcbride guessed the italian proprietor had set up in england because there was less competition than in his own country . 
 when they were seated and sipping drinks , she said , `` come on , tell me what favour you want . '' 
 he explained what had happened . 
 `` it ties in with the attempt to buy my painting this afternoon . 
 maybe i 've painted something in that view that baldhead does n't want others to see . 
 and just in case , he steals my camera and laptop . 
 i might have an image , he thinks . '' 
 `` in that case , he 'll have to steal the painting as well . 
 not quite so easy , surely . 
 are n't galleries well secured with alarms and things ? '' 
 `` that 's true , he must be waiting -- no-one can see the painting until tomorrow . '' 
 he put his hand in his pocket , took out a small plastic box . 
 `` luckily i changed the camera sim card this morning i always take photos of the scenes i paint , just to be safe , and in all the years i 've never needed to refer to them -- till now . '' 
 `` come on john , now you ask me ` can i borrow your computer to look at the sim card . 
 sure you can . 
 but i do n't think there 's some mystery , because your painting 's still in the gallery . 
 you 're reading a lot into a series of coincidences . '' 
 `` i do n't really think so . '' 
 `` mmmh . '' 
 they ordered , and as mcbride expected , the food was not brilliant . 
 but they lingered , however , over desserts and drinks , spinning out the evening , learning about each other . 
 eventually antonio himself , who was anxious that the meal had been good , brought the bill . 
 mcbride did n't disabuse him . 
 antonio must have known why the restaurant was n't doing well . 
 as they waited for change , mcbride heard the sound of fire engines , fast footsteps , and past the window of the restaurant , people running , all in one direction . 
 he could see that the evening air was thick with smoke , could smell it seeping into the restaurant . 
 there was a glow in the distance that had n't been there moments before . 
 as he watched he saw the glow become a large fire lighting the night sky . 
 `` the gallery ! '' 
 gasped helen , on the way to the restaurant door , pushing it open with both hands . 
 they jostled through the gathering crowd , edging closer and closer to the gallery . 
 a mass of flames , sparks lifting in the breeze as roof beams crashed to the ground . 
 a stench of wood smoke drifted in the wind towards them . 
 two engines and a tender blocked the street close to the burning building . 
 hoses from ladders were gushing water ineffectively into the heart of the inferno . 
 a voice called , `` john ! '' 
 mcbride turned and saw ian smith , his face pale , moving heedlessly through the crowd , ignoring angry voices of the people he pushed aside . 
 `` what a bugger , looks like it 's all gone . '' 
 he spotted a fireman temporarily unoccupied , and shouted , `` who 's in charge ? 
 i own that building . '' 
 at first they thought the fireman had ignored ian , but a few minutes later another fireman came over . 
 `` i 'm the crew manager . 
 there will be nothing left , you know . 
 definitely used an accelerant , whoever did it . '' 
 ian raised his eyebrows . 
 `` it was arson , you mean ? '' 
 `` well , we 'll need to check later , when the fire is out , but the speed this went up is very suspicious . '' 
 there was a cacophony of police car sirens behind them , and three , then four cars screeched to a halt behind the watching crowd . 
 within seconds uniformed police were herding people back . 
 a police van arrived , unloaded temporary barriers to put across the street . 
 `` ian , there 's no point staying here . 
 do you want to come back to the hotel for a nightcap ? '' 
 ian , the heavy drinker , took no coaxing . 
 the three of them walked back up the street . 
 mcbride went to the bar , came back with a whisky for smith wine for helen and a beer for himself . 
 he put the tray on the table . 
 helen said , `` i 'll just fetch my laptop down '' and left the bar . 
 mcbride sat down beside smith . 
 `` i hope you were insured . '' 
 `` what ? 
 oh yes , to the hilt . '' 
 `` then that 's eighty-four paintings i 've sold today . 
 though i wish it was in happier ways . '' 
 `` eighty paintings , john , '' ian smiled . 
 `` but i will want you to do me another four paintings . '' 
 mcbride and smith were on a table close to the lobby entrance . 
 mcbride watched helen walk across the lobby towards them . 
 the only other people in the bar were a group of men dressed in jeans and loose shirts , drinking and telling jokes at the opposite end of the room beside the bar counter . 
 she hefted the computer on to the table , undid the case and powered up . 
 held out her hand to mcbride , and he reached in his pocket for the sim card . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 said smith . 
 `` you 'll see . 
 and that was the third coincidence , helen . 
 the fire , i mean . '' 
 she was busy with the computer , but nodded in reply . 
 the screen scrolled forty images . 
 `` which one are we looking for ? '' 
 mcbride moved closer . 
 `` if i can just take over from you , i should be able to recognise the scene . '' 
 he moved the arrow , and clicked over one of the later images . 
 the scene filled the screen . 
 `` that 's the one . 
 of course the painting might not have depicted the scene at this exact time , so there could have been something else , but now we 'll never know . '' 
 the photograph showed the village from a high view taken from a field on the hill . 
 on the right was a large house dating back to the late eighteenth century . 
 the back of the house was facing the camera , the rear courtyard plainly visible . 
 there were mature trees close to the house , but leaving large gaps through which the house and courtyard were visible . 
 to the left of the house , the village spread away in a vista , showing rising land in the distance , and blue hills beyond . 
 mcbride had picked a stunning view . 
 that 's what artists did . 
 `` there are vehicles and people in the courtyard . 
 is that what all this is about ? 
 did you put them in the picture , john ? '' 
 `` as far as i recall . 
 vehicles are part of the scene , just as horses and carts were in constable 's day . '' 
 mcbride studied the photograph for a few moments , told smith what had happened that afternoon and how it might have resulted in the fire at the gallery . 
 smith said , `` if the bald man did it , you 'll be able to recognise him again . 
 this is incredible '' `` so will the police when they 've seen the cctv shots at the hotel here . '' 
 `` but you 'd tell them of the link , otherwise they might not make the connection . '' 
 mcbride smiled : `` they might not accept a connection if i point it out to them . 
 they will think it 's a fanciful deduction . 
 and it may be . 
 but yes , i will make the police aware of it . 
 i might do a bit of snooping around myself before i go home . 
 tell me about this house , ian , '' he tapped the computer screen , `` do you know the people who live there ? '' 
 `` not really , but i know about them . 
 the house was empty for a long time . 
 looked at buying it myself , but it needed too much spending on it . 
 but this couple bought it about four years ago . 
 have n't done a lot of renovations . 
 occasionally see them in the village , but they very rarely venture out . 
 recluses , really . 
 think he has something to do with antiques . 
 a kind way to describe the tat he collects . '' 
 mcbride zoomed into the picture to enlarge the area behind the big house . 
 he enlarged it until they could see the individual pixels , and then pulled the picture back again , to the best magnification . 
 at the back of the house was a box van , probably a 3.1 / 2 ton model mercedes , or something similar . 
 it looked new , white , with a small stylish logo on the side , but it was too far away to make out . 
 from the position of the van , mcbride guessed it had been reversed out of a long pan-tiled roofed outbuilding . 
 in fact there was a pair of open doors in the outbuildings through which he could see the interior . 
 three men were looking at the van , standing at the rear of the vehicle and obviously conversing . 
 smith peered closely at the image . 
 `` that 's the householder , '' he pointed at a grey-haired man with a straggly long ponytail , `` and i 'm sure i 've seen that man before , he 's familiar . 
 ca n't put a name to him , but it will come to me . '' 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 `` i 'd better be getting along , busy day tomorrow , sorting the building out , insurance people to speak to , that sort of thing . '' 
 he stood up held out his hand to helen . 
 `` it has been nice to meet you . 
 john , i 'll speak to you tomorrow , the assessor is sure to want to meet with you . '' 
 the next morning mcbride was having breakfast in the restaurant before eight o’clock , but helen was down before him , drinking a coffee when he joined her . 
 `` just going , john . 
 the shop opening is this morning , ten o’clock . 
 i 'll be back about six , or half past . 
 have a good day snooping . '' 
 she blew him a kiss and dashed out of the restaurant . 
 mcbride ate bacons and egg and was on his way into the village by nine . 
 the blackened skeleton of the gallery was still gently smoking . 
 a fire engine stood by . 
 the road was closed to vehicles , but a footpath was open on the opposite side to the gallery . 
 he made his way into the small police station , which was just opening for business . 
 a young constable was behind a glass screened counter . 
 `` i wonder if i can speak to someone about the fire last night ? 
 i have some information . '' 
 the constable selected a form . 
 `` if i can just take down your name and address , sir , the lpu inspector should be here in a minute . '' 
 when he 'd given his name and address , mcbride sat on a bench , looking across at the notice board on the opposite wall , wondering who made up the crass slogans . 
 ten minutes later a thin man in his early fifties , dressed in blazer and flannel trousers came in . 
 he went across to the counter , spoke briefly to the desk cop , and went on through a door at the rear . 
 the constable leaned over the counter , said to mcbride : `` sir , if you would go through that door to see inspector nolan , please . '' 
 on the door , a neat plate bore the inspector 's name . 
 by the time mcbride went into the office , nolan was seated behind the plain metal desk , scribbling notes on forms and putting them into a tray . 
 this feverish activity amused mcbride , who knew the man had only just sat down at his desk . 
 nolan looked up , frowned slightly at the interruption . 
 he looked back at the desk , and picked up the form that had been completed at the counter ; looked down at it , and then back to mcbride , did n't ask him to sit . 
 `` right , sir , you want to tell me something about the fire . 
 the one at the gallery , was it ? '' 
 `` correct . 
 i know who set fire to it . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 his eyebrows crept up his forehead in a facetious way . 
 `` you have a crime logged for yesterday at the manor hotel : breaking into my room and the theft of a camera and computer . 
 the man 's on the cctv footage , good clear image of the face . 
 that is the man who was the arsonist . '' 
 `` and how do you know that ? '' 
 mcbride explained the man 's actions to avoid the painting being seen at the gallery . 
 `` slim evidence . 
 but we follow up all leads , and we hear what you say . 
 if you go to the counter outside and ask if you can give a statement , the young constable will witness it and make sure it goes in the fire evidence file . '' 
 he was quickly ushered back to the reception desk , where he dictated a statement . 
 the police constable carefully wrote down the words very slowly . 
 mcbride half expected him to lick the end of his pencil , but eventually he was done , and mcbride was outside in the sunshine . 
 he wanted to look at the scene he had painted which had caused such a sequence of events . 
 he turned off the main street , followed the lane gently up the hill . 
 there was a stile and a signpost for a public footpath . 
 beyond the stile , it was a few hundred yards before he breasted the hill . 
 as he looked at the scene afresh , he remembered having to move to his right for about fifty feet to get the best composition . 
 the field was rough grass and weeds , probably used recently to keep horses in . 
 he looked down the hill , the view re-awoke his artistic wonder , it was close to being a perfect composition , it needed little tweaking by an artist . 
 it just called out to be painted in his fresh bold style . 
 he concentrated his gaze on the old house to the right . 
 now there was no vehicle , and no people in the courtyard . 
 even as he watched , the door in the garden wall burst open and an old woman dressed in a nightgown and robe ran out into the field . 
 she tripped on a grass tuft , but quickly righted herself and toiled up the hill , waving her arms , her night dress flapping round her legs . 
 now , behind her , appeared a man chasing after her . 
 it was the shaven headed man mcbride had last seen on the cctv screen . 
 although the woman in the nightdress appeared to be using a lot of energy , her progress over the field was hampered by the rough going . 
 he watched with horror as the man caught up with her , pulled her to the ground . 
 mcbride started forward , though he knew he was too far away to intervene . 
 the man bent over the woman drawing something out of his pocket . 
 as he leaned over further , the woman suddenly went limp . 
 had he injected her with some drug ? 
 it looked like it . 
 he picked her up in his arms , the old woman not a heavy burden . 
 the bald man was quickly back through the door in the wall with his bundle of frail flesh . 
 chapter four eamonn murphy was a grey haired sixty-year-old , with a sallow face , sunken cheeks and shaggy eyebrows . 
 his hair hung over his ears and over the collar of his shirt at the back , in a long pony tail . 
 he sat at a dining table , using it as a desk . 
 standing at the other side of the table , facing him stood the shaven-headed man inspector james nolan sat on murphy 's right , wondering if he would collect his pension , due in three months ' time and worked for over his long career . 
 so much could go wrong , and already had . 
 at the shaven headed man 's side of the table sat a plump man with a shock of wiry black hair . 
 `` jesus , ryan , '' said murphy , `` you 're a thick bastard . 
 you fuck up getting yourself on the camera at the hotel , burn the fucking art gallery down . 
 we tell you not under any fucking circumstances are you to leave the house , and you go prancing round the fucking fields . '' 
 `` i was catching your wife ... '' `` after you let her get out of the house , because you forgot her sedation , that 's fucking what . 
 go on get out of here . '' 
 murphy motioned to the plump man , o’connor , to accompany him . 
 as o’connor rose , nolan saw murphy made a gun shape with his fingers . 
 o’connor nodded , and as ryan reached the door , o’connor pulled a pistol out of his pocket , lifted it to the back of ryan 's head , and without pausing pulled the trigger . 
 nolan heard the shot reverberated round the room . 
 ryan crumpled gracefully to the floor . 
 there was no blood visible , it was as though the man had fainted . 
 nolan thought inconsequentially that the bullet had ricoched round inside the skull without the energy to emerge . 
 inspector nolan said , `` jesus ! '' 
 and shut his eyes . 
 murphy said to o’connor , `` stick him in the stable block , and we 'll bury him tonight . 
 nolan here will give you a hand . 
 make sure nobody sees you go to the stables . 
 put him in a sack or something . '' 
 chapter five john mcbride walked back to the hotel . 
 there was no sign of further activity at the old house , once the old lady was whisked back through the garden door . 
 he desperately needed a computer , so he decided to drive to the shopping centre . 
 it was still only ten o’clock when he got there , and shoppers had still to arrive in numbers . 
 he parked the car right by pc world . 
 he bought a laptop with windows 7 professional installed , since it is better than windows 8 , declined extra programmes which might have increased the salesman 's commission , but asked the guy for a cheap digital camera . 
 the salesman started out with # 500 models . 
 `` no good . 
 for me it 's not worth paying any more than # 70 . 
 if i drop the thing , i chuck it away . 
 you know that repair costs start at # 70 . '' 
 the salesman shrugged and a deal was quickly done . 
 he went to a café across the road and tried the computer while he drank a coffee . 
 it was quick and he used the free wifi provided by the caterer . 
 he found a site that gave the names of householders by just typing in the address . 
 he entered his credit card number -- # 10 for six addresses , minimum charge . 
 the site gave the residents of the old house as eamonn murphy and margaret murphy . 
 he assumed the latter was the escaping woman . 
 if baldhead was living there , it was n't public knowledge . 
 mcbride shut the laptop down . 
 he drank the rest of his coffee . 
 murphy was an irish name . 
 irish names remind some people of the troubles . 
 he had searched a few blogs , but could n't come up with the name in connection with the provos . 
 maybe his friend miller might know something -- he 'd been in the army a lot longer . 
 he had a mobile number for him , in the car . 
 it was a long shot , because miller worked a lot abroad , mostly in africa , as a mercenary . 
 could n't settle down he said , to a boring civvie life . 
 still it was worth trying his number , and as soon as he got back to his hotel , mcbride was punching the number into his own mobile . 
 it was picked up almost immediately . 
 `` miller '' a voice said . 
 there was childish shouting in the background . 
 `` i guess you 're not in the jungle . 
 it 's john mcbride here . '' 
 `` it was a lot quieter in the congo , than here with my sister 's kids . 
 how 're you doin ' ? 
 still wielding the paintbrush and making a fortune sitting on your bum ? '' 
 `` artists do it standing up , did n't you know ? 
 i 'm in cheshire at the moment , been painting my agent 's house . 
 before you say anything -- painting pictures of his house . 
 staying five star at his expense . 
 what i wanted to ask you is does the name eamonn murphy mean anything ? 
 he lives down the road in a big house , and has a connection with a guy who robbed me yesterday , and burned down the art gallery , probably '' silence on the other end of the phone . 
 mcbride knew the connection was not broken . 
 sound of breathing , then : `` jesus , has that old bastard surfaced again ? 
 he 's a guy who 'll be what , say sixty-years-old , a bit gaunt , long straggly hair ? '' 
 `` not met him yet . 
 saw a picture that someone said was him . 
 taken from a long way off , but that 's how i would have described him from the photo . '' 
 `` he 'll be connected with something crooked . 
 he was working the protection racket in belfast for some breakaway ira faction . 
 kept a lot of the cash himself , i bet . 
 was pretty feared , about fifteen years ago , when it was going on . 
 more businesses were blown up for non-payment than you could wave a stick at . 
 the owner of a bar says i ca n't pay you any more -- the next night murphy comes in with a parcel tucked under his arm , sticks it on the bar top , and shouts , ` it 's timed for two minutes ' , and leads the exodus . 
 two minutes later , the bar is flattened . 
 i 'd like to have a go at that guy . '' 
 `` was thinking of having a snoop round his premises tonight , see what i can learn '' `` you would n't want to tackle that guy by yourself if you get caught . 
 i could do with some excitement , i 've been home six months , resting . 
 i 'm in manchester at the moment at my sister 's house . 
 the kids never stop wanting me to play jungle games with them . 
 and anyway , i 'm totally fit now . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 said mcbride `` i came back from the congo in an ambulance plane , actually . 
 but everything 's healed up nicely , and i 'm asking around for another go . 
 think i 'll be back in africa ' bout two weeks ' time . 
 shall i drive over to see you tonight , about six , then ? '' 
 `` glad to see you , if you let me pay for your five star digs and all food . '' 
 he went on to give details of the hotel , and how to get to it . 
 `` i 'll see you in the bar then ? '' 
 said dusty miller . 
 `` if murphy has n't caught me , '' said mcbride . 
 chapter six mcbride sat at his usual table in the bar , studying the sim card images , this time on his own laptop . 
 earlier , he had made a discovery . 
 one of the men was no less than inspector nolan . 
 one of the others , the older man must be murphy . 
 it did n't look as though murphy was under arrest . 
 it appeared as if they were friends , both laughing as the camera caught them . 
 `` got your laptop back , john ? '' 
 helen stood in front of him , in her business clothes . 
 `` no , i went out and bought a new one . 
 you want a drink ? '' 
 `` just a pot of tea . 
 it was a hard day , but tomorrow must get better . '' 
 mcbride waved at a waiter standing in the lobby , who came over and took the order . 
 his mobile rang . 
 it was ian smith . 
 `` hi , john , i spoke to the insurance assessor just now on the phone . 
 he says he does n't need to see you ... and i 've just remembered who that guy in your picture reminds me of ... '' `` inspector james nolan ? '' 
 said mcbride . 
 `` yes , how did you know ? '' 
 `` reported to him this morning to tell him who started your fire . 
 ca n't say that he looked surprised but then , he 'd know anyway , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` oh , come on , john , you 're a bloody cynic . 
 police do n't abet crimes . '' 
 `` it has been known . 
 but we 'll see . '' 
 he said goodbye , and pocketed the phone . 
 `` i 'm expecting a friend to arrive , '' said mcbride to helen , `` about now . '' 
 `` she 's nice ? '' 
 `` it 's a bloke , actually , an old army friend . 
 it 's time we found out what 's going on down here . '' 
 `` wo n't the police do that ? 
 is n't that what they do ? '' 
 `` not round here -- i 've just recognised inspector nolan in the picture . '' 
 he waved at the computer image . 
 `` he could have come round to arrest the house owner . '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' said mcbride . 
 `` while they both had a good laugh about it . '' 
 a voice said , `` hi john . '' 
 it was dusty miller , a weekend bag in his hand , tall , with a new scar on his face , sturdy , over 6 feet tall , dressed in black jeans , black shirt , dark brown leather jacket . 
 mcbride stood to shake his hand . 
 `` this is helen , who is staying at the hotel . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` i 've reserved a room in your name . 
 if you like to book in now , we can have a chat here about the current situation . '' 
 he saw miller glance at helen , raising his eyebrows . 
 `` helen knows what we 're doing , but is busy opening a branch of a multiple down here . '' 
 miller nodded . 
 `` get me a pint while i check in , i 'll be back in a second . '' 
 `` i must go up and change , get a shower . 
 are you going to be around for dinner ? '' 
 helen said . 
 `` i think we 'd rather do our snooping on empty stomachs . 
 we can run faster that way . 
 seriously , we might after we get back . '' 
 she smiled at him : `` be very careful . '' 
 she left . 
 mcbride collected a couple of pints from the bar , and arrived at the table just as miller returned minus his baggage . 
 miller picked up his pint , drank half of it in one huge swallow . 
 `` okay , let 's have a look at the evidence . '' 
 mcbride swivelled the laptop so that miller could see the image , and then went through what had happened in the last twenty-four hours . 
 `` it looks like there 's a bit of ground cover around the house . 
 it should be easy to have a snoop around . 
 get google earth up , and we can see the terrain in detail . 
 mcbride pressed buttons , got the required area and zoomed in . 
 `` what did criminals do before google earth , eh ? '' 
 miller studied the scene for a few seconds . 
 `` pity the picture was taken in summer , there are a lot of unknowns , due to the tree cover . 
 still , could be worse . 
 i think we should get into the grounds at the other side , here , from where you took your snap . 
 agreed ? '' 
 `` i think we should have a look at the van , it might be the key to why they 're shy . '' 
 `` i was thinking that . '' 
 `` we ca n't see what the logo reads , even from the photo , and it would be just a blob on the painting . 
 so it must be recognisable from the colour and position . '' 
 `` position ? '' 
 said miller . 
 mcbride reached out for the bar menu on the table . 
 the back was plain . 
 he pulled a pencil out , and drew a rectangle . 
 `` most companies put their logo in the middle of the side panel , like so . 
 do you agree ? '' 
 `` that 's where i guess they would be '' `` but , if you consider this to be a sheet of paper that you are going to paint a scene on , '' he drew another rectangle under the first , `` artistically , the point of interest , the golden point , the old artists called it , is about one third from the bottom , and one third from the side . 
 actually you can see that there would be four golden points , but only one was usually chosen . '' 
 he marked the golden points by pencil marks . 
 `` and this is where the logo is , on one of the golden points , in golden colour , too . 
 we have a sign writer with talent . '' 
 `` you do n't see many artistically painted vans , '' conceded miller . 
 `` this is why my painting could n't be around for people to see . 
 if the van is so well known by the logo , it 's in the wrong place stowed in murphy 's back garden . 
 i 'm not local , so i 'm missing the point . 
 but locals , or at least some of them must . 
 that is what murphy is afraid of , and why he unleashed the bald man to buy the painting , but of course , it was n't for sale . 
 everything else , the gallery fire , the robbery at the hotel resulted as the bald man grew more and more desperate . 
 `` so , if you see the logo in that colour , and that position on the van , you recognise the company . 
 that 's got to be what this is about . 
 we check the name on the van and take it from there . 
 when do we start ? '' 
 `` as soon as it gets really dark . 
 good night for it . 
 no moon , and quite breezy . 
 the wind will rustle the leaves , make quite a lot of strange noises , so no-one hears us , with luck . '' 
 `` getting dark already '' pointed out mcbride , looking over to the window . 
 `` yes , give it ten minutes , and by the time we 're on the scene , should be okay . 
 i 've got a small torch , lock picks in case the van 's locked away , so we 're good to go . '' 
 chapter seven when bobby bell left school in belfast at the age of sixteen , he went down to the youth labour exchange , and was interviewed . 
 a quiet well-spoken lad , he was shown a variety of job vacancies , this being a time of full employment . 
 bobby knew that if he did n't like the job he took , he could always get another job , at any time . 
 you gave in your notice , went down to the labour exchange the next day , and chose something else , then worked out your notice . 
 that was the way of full employment . 
 so bobby decided he liked the look of an office job in an estate agency , to learn the business . 
 the employer was prepared to pay for bobby to take night classes , to study for the national association membership . 
 bobby went for an interview , impressed the employer with his manner and dress and got the job . 
 he stayed with the same employer for four years , firstly , as tea boy in the back office , then handling enquiries on the telephone , when his employer noticed his pleasant telephone manner . 
 by the time he was twenty , he was showing people round properties , using selling techniques gleaned from library books , and developing his own laid back closing techniques . 
 he quickly became a success , and was given a commission on sales . 
 bobby realised he was ready to progress from belfast . 
 he wrote to a few dublin estate agents , getting the names from a book in the library . 
 he always remembered to enclose a stamped addressed envelope with his job applications , and his record with his belfast employer was impressive . 
 out of five applications he got two expressions of interest , inviting him for an interview . 
 by carefully arranging for the two interviews to be on the same day , he was able to claim his travelling expenses twice . 
 the extra cash paid for a good night out with his then girlfriend . 
 his parents were sorry to see him leave home , but bobby was excited to be living in his own flat , and to be residing in a city which was fast becoming sophisticated . 
 his progress continued with his new employer , and several years later he was invited to become a junior partner . 
 his social life had blossomed along with his business status , and he met many property developers , some of whom had second lucrative jobs . 
 one friend , who became close , since they shared interests such as dinghy sailing and drinking , revealed to him when in his cups , that he supplied guns purchased in russia , to splinter groups of the ira . 
 needing more capital to up the volumes , he invited bobby to participate . 
 bobby had now amassed quite a lot of savings , so he agreed , and went into partnership . 
 the business flourished , and he made trips to the ussr . 
 this was following perestroika , and free enterprise was rife , and so were the mafia like organisations . 
 it could be dangerous dealing with these new russians , and bobby 's friend was a victim of a street fight , which he blundered into when on one of his visits . 
 following his friend 's death , suddenly bobby was making money faster than ever before in his life . 
 it all came to a quick end in 2005 , with the decommissioning of ira weapons . 
 by this time , bobby , who was still outwardly an estate agent , had poured money into property , mostly buying buildings that could be demolished , to clear sites for vast new buildings . 
 he also bought listed buildings ripe for restoration . 
 he had also purchased a gentleman 's residence for himself in a prime area of dublin . 
 in 2007 , he had bought a huge tract of land , borrowing yet more money to put together the erection of a smart shopping mall , and work had started by the end of that year . 
 within months , the banks were collapsing and the irish euro miracle itself collapsed . 
 bobby 's dream of finishing the scheme and selling it , cashing in a big profit , releasing his own savings and retiring were shattered . 
 the project was stalled for lack of cash . 
 he halted work on the scheme to save spending further , but of course , he had bank interest piling up . 
 however it could have been worse . 
 some of his contacts were investors with him , and their money was tied without them getting interest , to be made at the end when mall was sold . 
 in order to pay bank interest , bobby had to sell his home , and rent an apartment to live in . 
 he was tempted to sell his motor yacht , which he kept in douglas , but so far it had not come to that . 
 for two or more years he had been struggling , with defeat staring him in the face . 
 so when a phone call came out of the blue , and it was from eamonn murphy , he was interested enough to invite him over to dublin to talk . 
 he remembered the tousle headed lean teenager as though it was yesterday . 
 the last time he had set eyes on him was on the last day of term at the belfast school they had both attended . 
 chapter eight the asphalt path ran up alongside the garden wall of the house , fence on the other side . 
 beyond that , fields . 
 miller stopped , looked both ways up and down the path . 
 `` okay , john . 
 we go over here , not too many trees in the way , but good cover . '' 
 the wall was about seven feet high `` right , i 'll give you a helping hand to get on top of the wall . '' 
 he clasped both hands in front of him for mcbride to put a foot into for upward leverage . 
 `` when you 're on the wall , sit with your legs on the other side , and wait for me to get up there with you . 
 then we carefully shine the torch on the other side , see what 's below us , before we jump . 
 do n't want either of us being castrated with upright posts or whatever . 
 but look quickly , because i do n't want to leave the torch on more than momentarily . 
 come on , go now . '' 
 mcbride put his foot in miller 's clasped hands , straightened his knees , and scrambled on to top of the wall . 
 swung his legs over and sat waiting for miller . 
 without any assistance except great strength , miller was sitting alongside him in no time . 
 in a voice no louder than a whisper , miller said , `` torch going on now '' . 
 after the darkness , the light of the torch seemed blinding . 
 mcbride could see that under them was bare earth , littered with last year 's leaves , drifts of them up against the wall . 
 the tree cover denied daylight for undergrowth . 
 miller said , `` jump ! '' 
 and mcbride launched himself off the wall , to be followed a moment later by miller . 
 mcbride could n't see him , it was too dark , but felt the vibration of his landing , with absolutely no sound , considering his size and weight . 
 `` okay , '' miller whispered , `` let 's wait until our eyes are accustomed to the dark , and we 'll make our way through the trees . 
 i reckon we should be abreast of the outbuildings at the back of the house . 
 the danger for us is if they 've got movement activated lights , so we want to keep away from the courtyard , go round the back of the barns , might be a back door , or even a window . 
 if you can , walk so there 's a tree trunk between you and the courtyard , it will help . 
 might mean you have to zigzag somewhat . 
 makes it easier if you follow me , get hold of my belt . 
 we do n't want to lose contact . 
 if any trouble starts , i do n't want to end up shooting you , through not knowing where you are . '' 
 miller had no sooner finished speaking , than the security lights went on in the courtyard . 
 he put a hand on mcbride 's arm . 
 `` that was n't us . 
 just hang on here and see what 's going on . '' 
 they stood where they had come down from the wall . 
 the courtyard , mcbride estimated was about a hundred feet away two men strode across the courtyard . 
 what were they carrying ? 
 mcbride asked himself . 
 then he heard a metallic sound as the tools bounced along the cobbled yard and realised they were carrying spades . 
 bit dark to be gardening he thought . 
 both men stopped at the near side the outbuilding . 
 the taller man tested the earth with his spade . 
 he realised with amazement that it was inspector nolan . 
 was he searching for something murphy had buried ? 
 the other man stepped up beside him , and through a gap in the trees , mcbride had a clear view of him . 
 shorter then nolan , but stocky , broad-chested , with dark curly hair in a tangle , he started digging , on a command from nolan . 
 then he was being helped by the inspector , who at the same time was complaining that he was too old for the physical exercise . 
 mcbride whispered to miller . 
 `` the tall one giving orders is inspector nolan . '' 
 `` okay . 
 what 's he looking for ? '' 
 `` beats me , but we might be going to find out . '' 
 they stood silently watching for half an hour , but it felt longer . 
 finally nolan said , `` that 's deep enough . 
 go get him . '' 
 he stood , arching his back , leaning slightly on his spade , watching his partner entering the barn . 
 muffled swearing could be heard , and he re-emerged carrying something heavy on his back . 
 like carrying a man in a fireman 's lift , but this was a sack , shaped like a man . 
 `` it 's a body , '' breathed miller . 
 `` fuck me , they 're burying someone . '' 
 it took both of the diggers to manhandle the sack into the hole , and arrange it to their satisfaction . 
 then both were shovelling earth back , swiftly . 
 from time to time the smaller man stepped in the hole , jumping up and down to compact the soil . 
 when the grave was full , there was a mound of unused earth remaining , and the two men loaded their spade and swung them in huge arcs to hurl the soil into the woods in front of mcbride , but it was sixty feet away at least where the furthest shovel loads landed . 
 the men wiped their spades on the rough grass edging the courtyard , knocking their boots to remove earth , and then tramped back across the courtyard , and mcbride heard a door open and close . 
 almost immediately the external lights were extinguished . 
 `` means they 're not movement controlled . 
 they switched them off inside the house . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' miller observed . 
 `` i think we can get moving . '' 
 mcbride got hold of miller 's jacket as he moved forward . 
 miller occasionally flashed on the torch briefly shielding the lens with his other hand . 
 very quickly they arrived at the wall of the barn . 
 mcbride felt better to be near shelter . 
 at the barn , miller turned right and walked until he reached the front . 
 then he turned and retraced his steps , all the way until they reached the rear . 
 no windows on this wall . 
 they turned and walked the rear wall , a bit more difficult here , with bushes and tall plants up to the wall . 
 miller pushed through resolutely . 
 suddenly they were at a window , small-paned , covered with grime on this side . 
 miller rubbed at a pane with his hand , shone the torch inside . 
 dimly , they could make out the large white van . 
 `` what 's the logo say ? '' 
 said miller , in a low voice . 
 `` the glass is too dirty to tell . '' 
 mcbride was straining to make it out . 
 `` desperate action , then , '' miller said , and brought the torch sharply at the glass . 
 it cracked with a noise , but not a loud noise . 
 he worked the cracked glass to remove pieces , by using his penknife in the hard putty glazing . 
 eventually , he had succeeded in pulling two large pieces out of the frame . 
 mcbride could read the logo when miller turned the torch on again . 
 `` wow . 
 secure express . 
 now i remember the logo . '' 
 it was a gold circle , and the words written across in black italics . 
 the van was facing the front of the barn , and they could see the back was lettered . 
 drivers have no access to safes . 
 this van is followed by police . 
 mcbride grinned to himself . 
 murphy must hope the latter statement was untrue . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 miller said , `` we need n't have broken the window . 
 look , the doors are open in the front wall of the barn . '' 
 they could make out a couple of windows lit up in the house beyond . 
 mcbride said , `` now i remember that from the photo . 
 damn . 
 but it was safer this far from the house , avoiding detection . '' 
 `` i must get to the van , put an attachment on . 
 stay here , john . 
 i wo n't be gone for ten minutes . 
 if you move , i 'll never find you in the dark . '' 
 through the broken pane mcbride saw miller flit like a shadow round the front of the barn , down the side of the van , pulling a matchbox size black object out of his pocket , then lying on the floor to attach it to the chassis . 
 he stood again , the lights from the house dimly illuminating the barn 's interior . 
 he knelt down and did something that took a few minutes , working on the exterior . 
 mcbride saw him leave the barn , and then heard nothing until miller touched his arm , making him jump . 
 the guy could certainly move quietly . 
 the silence was broken by the sound of the house door opening again . 
 `` quick ! '' 
 said miller , `` that 's a dog let out of the house . 
 he 'll be on us before you know it . '' 
 while talking he was pulling mcbride along with him until they reached the wall where they had got in . 
 miller boosted mcbride on to the top of the wall , and then scrambled up too , cursing quietly and kicking . 
 `` damn dog , '' he muttered . 
 he sat on the wall and flashed the torch downwards . 
 mcbride saw the jaws of an angry dog , red tongue , glistening fangs . 
 it was a doberman . 
 fortunately it did n't bark , but snarled as it watched them until they were off the wall and back on the asphalt path . 
 `` it was lucky , '' said miller `` that they did n't let it out earlier . '' 
 *** helen was in the hotel bar , reading a paperback , coffee on the table . 
 she looked up when they came towards her , obvious relief showing on her face . 
 `` that did n't take long , '' she said . 
 mcbride looked at his watch , amazed that it was not even nine o’clock . 
 `` hope you 'll excuse me john , '' said miller . 
 `` i 'll get an early night . 
 what time will i see you for breakfast ? '' 
 `` eight o’clock . 
 sure you do n't want to eat tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'll order something from room service . '' 
 he raised his arm in a farewell gesture , and headed over to the stairs . 
 `` room service sound good , '' said helen , `` let me treat you to dinner in my room . '' 
 `` you have n't eaten yet ? '' 
 `` i was really worried , john , i do n't mind admitting it . '' 
 `` okay , room service dinner sounds good . 
 let me get you a drink here first , gin and tonic ? '' 
 `` that would be nice . '' 
 chapter nine mcbride was surprised to find that helen had a very nice suite , not just a bedroom . 
 `` shops must be doing well , '' he commented . 
 `` they 're very profitable . 
 but we get an excellent deal with this hotel chain . 
 i bet it is cheaper than your room . '' 
 `` do n't know , i 'm not paying , ian smith is , or rather was . 
 i suppose i ought to tell the management to start charging me direct . 
 ca n't expect ian to finance the investigation . '' 
 he added , `` where 's the room service menu ? '' 
 `` here . '' 
 she handed him the menu . 
 `` and here 's a bottle of wine i was given by the management . '' 
 she pulled a bottle out of the fridge . 
 `` chablis , my favourite . '' 
 they sat side by side on the sofa , sipping the wine , and studying the menu . 
 helen said `` shall we have lobster ? 
 push the boat out ? '' 
 mcbride nodded , raised his eyebrows . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 by the time the meal was wheeled in and set up by the waiter on the table , the wine was drunk , and mcbride asked the waiter to send up another bottle . 
 after they had eaten , they returned to the sofa for coffee . 
 he was heavy eyed from the night 's events `` do n't fall asleep on me , '' said helen , putting an arm round his neck and pulling him close . 
 automatically , he leaned forward to kiss her on the lips , and she passionately returned his moves . 
 `` come on , the bedroom , '' she gasped . 
 and they ran , shedding clothes on the way to land laughing , on the king bed in the adjoining room . 
 chapter ten `` well , last night proved that murphy is still very bent . 
 burying people in his back garden , indeed , '' said miller . 
 he and mcbride were sitting in the morning sun on the hotel terrace . 
 `` he 's certainly up to no good -- fancy having a fake bullion courier 's van in his barn , too . 
 i checked out the registration number with a friend this morning . 
 it belongs to secure express . 
 so the job murphy 's working on is a heist . 
 once he knows there is a valuable cargo to pick up . 
 and who better to know that than the inspector , who i bet , will get a percentage . '' 
 `` just about sums it up , '' said miller . 
 `` we 've just got to keep an eye on them until it happens . 
 the bug i attached to the van last night might help , but we ca n't rely on it . 
 they might spot it . 
 and that will warn them . 
 then they leave the bug in the barn , and we think the van is still there . '' 
 `` except we 'll be watching , and see the van leave . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's going to be tedious . 
 still , there 's going to be some movement sooner rather than later . 
 they 're taking a risk , with the fake van sitting in the barn . 
 and it 's been there for , how long , already ? '' 
 mcbride said , `` it 's about eight days since i did that painting , so for at least that long . '' 
 `` it 's very dodgy , then . 
 and last night 's burial , too . 
 they must be ready to go . '' 
 to mcbride , this excitement was a welcome break from painting , a breath of times as they were in the army , actually acting out the stories in boys ' own . 
 this was what made the blood sing in his veins . 
 he was still in love with painting , but this was a different pleasure . 
 `` i think the person they buried last night could have been the bald man . 
 he was causing murphy some embarrassment , '' mcbride said . 
 miller mused for a few moments . 
 `` you ca n't know that , you 're only guessing . 
 must make them one short at least for the job , whoever it was . 
 they 'll probably send for reinforcements . 
 the sooner we begin surveillance , the better . 
 okay , this is how i see it . 
 we can use the cars . 
 keep well away from the house driveway , but close enough to see comings and goings . 
 twenty-four hour watch , six on six off . 
 we might vary the car watch by foot watch . 
 up in the field where you did the painting . '' 
 `` keep in touch by mobiles , you think ? '' 
 said mcbride . 
 `` it means we 've both got to be ready to go at the drop of a hat . '' 
 `` sure , '' said miller , `` and we 'll use both cars when the action starts , case we need to split up . 
 i do n't think it will be more than three days to watch and wait . '' 
 both men sat looking out over the gardens , both lost in their own thoughts , until mcbride leaped to his feet . 
 `` come on then , let 's start watching . '' 
 chapter eleven inspector nolan glanced both ways up and down the street before turning into the entrance to murphy 's yard . 
 bit dangerous , to be seen visiting so often . 
 murphy answered the door . 
 `` come in . 
 you 've got some news , then ? '' 
 he led the way to the dining room , with its huge table , piles of papers littering the top , including newspapers , some local , and one or two nationals . 
 the mess jarred with nolan 's tidy ways . 
 murphy moved some items from one of dining chairs , putting the sheaf of papers and items of clothing on the table , adding to the general clutter . 
 nolan sat down primly . 
 murphy moved out a chair and sat down opposite , eyebrows raised , waiting for inspector nolan to speak . 
 nolan pulled a few papers out of his inside jacket pocket , placed them on the table in front of him . 
 `` this is a copy of a communication from northern bullion . 
 they want the police in attendance when a consignment of platinum is collected by secure express , destination manchester airport for onward transmission to chicago . 
 this is fairly regular , as i told you at first . 
 it goes to the electronics industry , the main users of platinum . '' 
 `` what day and what time ? '' 
 murphy said . 
 `` thursday , at ten thirty . '' 
 `` how many police at the bullion place ? '' 
 `` just me , i 'll make sure there 's a shortage of staff . 
 it 's northern bullion who ask for a police presence , and they pay for it . 
 their insurance company insist on it . 
 do n't stipulate quantity of personnel . '' 
 `` three days ... it will be tight . '' 
 `` you 've got the van , got uniforms made up , what else do you need ? '' 
 `` two more guys . 
 i told them they 'd be needed . 
 we 'll pay them # 20 grand apiece and expenses -- after the event . 
 if it goes wrong , there 's no need to pay them . '' 
 `` goes wrong ? 
 you told me nothing can go wrong , '' said nolan . 
 `` there 's my full pension hanging by a thread . '' 
 `` did your old man never tell you : no pain , no gain ? 
 life 's full of surprises . '' 
 `` where 's o’connor ? '' 
 `` he 's around . 
 he does n't need to have all these details . 
 he does what i tell him . 
 the new guys we need -- one 's a replacement for ryan . 
 and then one for the explosives . '' 
 nolan moved in his seat . 
 `` what explosives ? 
 this is a simple switch , peacefully executed , and you go riding off into the sunset . 
 no need for violence . '' 
 murphy said , `` james , what would happen if two vans turned up at northern bullion , both identical , even to the number plates ? 
 we ca n't have that . 
 explosives are the answer for a little diversion . 
 you wo n't even know about it . 
 no need for you to bother your head . '' 
 nolan did n't speak for a long time , looking down at the table . 
 eventually he reached again into his pocket , pulled out another envelope . 
 `` this is a copy of the transit documents that the secure express driver hands over to the reception . 
 there are also a couple of identity badges , which should be worn round your necks . 
 i wo n't contact you again , but i 'll be in a police car at northern bullion . 
 when you arrive , i accompany you into the office . 
 when you 've loaded , i go back to the police car , and follow you out down the road . 
 when you turn off , i go the other way . '' 
 `` all understood , james . 
 wish us luck . '' 
 nolan stood up , turned and led the way outside without another word . 
 once he was out of the house , murphy got on the phone to a mobile number in northern ireland . 
 `` lefty , eamonn murphy here . 
 the job 's for thursday morning . 
 need you to start work wednesday night ; you 'll be done by thursday about ten thirty . 
 piece of cake . 
 bring that pal of yours , ned , is it ? 
 you 'll need him to help . 
 if you 've got fluorescent jackets , bring them or we 'll buy them this side . 
 you come by plane to manchester airport . 
 tomorrow morning , i can put you up . 
 from the airport , take a taxi . '' 
 after he 'd given the address , he said `` payment will be made later over on your side of the water , okay ? 
 that 's forty for the two , i do n't mind how you split it . 
 and i 'll pay expenses afterwards as well . '' 
 murphy added as an afterthought , `` keep receipts '' murphy pulled out a pocket book , looked up another number , called it . 
 `` jim ? 
 would you be able to do a small job on thursday morning ? 
 i 'll be paying a thousand for only one hour 's work . 
 would you be able to fit it in ? 
 the time element is critical , and the cash is up front , in twenties . '' 
 jim said , `` yes , i 'll fit it in , tell me more . '' 
 `` not on the phone . 
 i could meet you tonight in a pub of your choosing . 
 i 'll buy you a drink , too , and bring the cash '' . 
 jim named a pub , and said he would be there at seven o’clock . 
 chapter twelve bobby 's accountant phoned him early one morning . 
 `` trevor here , bobby , have you heard the news ? '' 
 `` what news ? '' 
 trevor was a good accountant , but being a financial wizard did n't mean that he had an ability to impart information verbally . 
 `` new manager at anglo-irish . 
 do n't expect he 's brought any money with him , though . '' 
 trevor chuckled at his own joke . 
 `` cut to the chase , trevor . 
 tell me in plain english . '' 
 `` well , '' said trevor , now gathering together the parts of his brain that worked his mouth . 
 `` he 's new here , and firstly , you should meet him . 
 and secondly , we should show him the development , get him enthusiastic about it if we can , so that he shells out the meagre amount , speaking in context , that we need to ride happily , all of us , including the bank , into the sunset . 
 put this to bed , you know . '' 
 bobby thought that providing he could ensure that trevor did n't speak a lot at the meeting , except to explain the finances , then it was indeed something they must do , immediately . 
 `` give me his name , trevor , and tell me where he 's been posted from . 
 is he from dublin originally ? '' 
 `` neville smith . 
 english . 
 previously in charge at the london branch . '' 
 bobby sighed . 
 he imagined the worst , that mr smith would act like a colonial superior , sent to quell the natives . 
 still , they had to make the best of it . 
 he could n't be any worse than the guy he was replacing . 
 `` okay , trevor , i 'll phone him , suggest we set up a meeting , first a visit to the site , and perhaps straight to your offices for a discussion , that okay with you ? 
 you 'd better suggest some dates that suit you . '' 
 bobby scribbled on his calendar , as trevor read out dates and times . 
 `` i suggest that we fix a date , and we turn up at his office , for introductions and we take him to the site , and then , as i said , we go from there to your offices , hopefully we can use your boardroom , and tell him what we need . '' 
 trevor agreed , and bobby ended the call . 
 he phoned mr smith 's secretary at the bank , and fixed a date trevor picked up bobby in his bmw series 7 , and they both arrived at the bank . 
 they were ushered into neville smith 's office , by his secretary . 
 bobby held out his hand , and said `` i 'm bobby bell and this is my accountant trevor caber . '' 
 neville smith was a small man about five feet seven , portly , with a plump face and double chin . 
 bobby thought to himself , this guy is going to have napoleon tendencies . 
 smith went over to the hat-stand , pulled his black overcoat on , and said , `` right , gentlemen shall we go ? '' 
 they got into trevor 's car , smith in the front passenger seat with trevor driving , bobby sitting in the back . 
 `` i 've arranged for my architect to be on site , mr smith , in case there are any queries he can answer . 
 you will appreciate that i have had to suspend work , until we can get the cash flow going again . '' 
 neville skewed round in his seat , so that he could address bobby . 
 `` when a bank changes personnel , the outgoing person leaves comprehensive reports . 
 i was looking at your history yesterday , to bring myself up to speed before this meeting . 
 the report says that it was recommended to withdraw your facility , and apply for repayment . 
 four million euros , is it not ? '' 
 trevor swerved slightly , and brought the car under control . 
 smith clutched the seat back to keep himself upright . 
 `` it is indeed , mr smith . 
 the scheme is funded at the moment to a total of e50 million , so you can see that you have n't got much exposure , considering the size of the investment . 
 you will know that i personally have e10 million invested , with the balance from individual backers , mostly friends of mine . 
 ah , here we are . 
 i think you will be impressed , even though the scheme is not quite complete . '' 
 trevor drove through a wire fence gate , which had been opened by the architect , and into a temporary car park for building workers , pulling up beside the architect 's car . 
 the architect , who had been waiting , got out of his own car and was introduced to the bank manager . 
 bobby said , `` i would recommend a very quick tour , before we repair to my accountant 's office . 
 as it is a building site , i have to request you all wear these fluorescent jackets , and hard hats . '' 
 the architect handed round the equipment , and indicated for them all to follow him . 
 they started with the underground car parks , then moved up to the first floor . 
 bobby was delighted to see that smith 's shoes , which looked like barkers or loakes , were covered in white cement dust , and the occasional scuff which had cut into the leather . 
 `` this area here , '' the architect waved his hands to encompass a vast area of flooring , `` is for the anchor store , which will have the same area on all three floors . '' 
 `` have you got any tenants yet ? '' 
 asked smith , talking to bobby . 
 `` at the moment we have the anchor , who will be tesco extra . 
 they will have one floor as a normal supermarket , the next floor , clothing and shoes , the third floor appliances and electronics . 
 we have a legal document agreeing to take a lease , subject to the building being completed in a year . 
 there is nine months left to run . 
 as well as that we have another five retailers that have signed similarly . 
 that 's big name ones . 
 we have n't promoted the mall until we have completed , and then we will advertise , issue floor plans , give rental rates . '' 
 `` and the payback in terms of rental ? '' 
 `` when we are fully let , 18 % net of costs , as a percentage of total investment . '' 
 `` with tesco being most of the rent , '' said the banker . 
 `` actually no , not on a square footage rate . 
 they will be given discount rate of about 46 % of the rack rate . 
 this is quite usual to attract the anchor , and that has all been factored in . 
 also , all tenants will have an upward only percentage increase dependant on turnover . 
 so when the mall is doing well , the landlord shares the extra income . '' 
 bobby could have happily spent longer there than the bank manager wanted , but then , it was bobby 's baby , something that had filled his life for the last three and a half years to the exclusion of anything else , and for the last two years , he had been holding it together on a shoestring . 
 however when the bank manager said , `` shall we go to your accountant 's office now ? '' 
 he quickly shepherded everyone to trevor 's car . 
 the architect asked , doubtfully , `` will you need me at the meeting ? '' 
 the bank manager said , `` no '' no please , no thank you . 
 bobby thought : you pompous prat . 
 trevor 's boardroom did indeed seem to impress neville smith , however . 
 bobby knew it would . 
 it was magnificent beyond anything the bank had . 
 trevor sat at the head of the table , with bobby on one side , smith on the other . 
 trevor phoned for refreshments , and a young lady entered almost immediately with a tray of coffee and tea pots , with a plate of biscuits . 
 `` is it normal to have a supermarket as anchor ? '' 
 asked smith , wading straight in . 
 he had withdrawn an a4 size hardback notebook from his briefcase , and was scribbling in it , already , `` rather than something posher ? '' 
 `` the history of shopping malls is really american . 
 until the seventies , we did n't have malls here , '' said bobby . 
 `` oddly enough , originally american malls in the fifties used supermarkets as the anchor , and then followed up using upmarket department stores , so the first british malls were anchored with department stores , but with the decline of that sort of business , the modern malls are anchored with supermarkets again . 
 in fact almost hypermarkets , since they do n't only sell food anymore . 
 the original use of supermarkets in america was to get regular return visits of shoppers -- they needed to go food shopping , so they also shopped at the mall , making it a better day out . '' 
 smith seemed almost disappointed to learn that the anchor here had been a carefully thought out decision . 
 `` you are , at the moment , paying the interest on the loan . 
 i am considering a proposal , but it would have to be approved by my board , that would allow the loan to remain in place until the potential tenants ' agreements lapse , or the mall is completed . '' 
 bobby crossed his fingers under the table and plunged in . 
 `` all we need is a further two million to get the building finished , and for some working capital until the rent starts flowing . 
 `` it is as close as that , mr smith . 
 would the bank be willing to increase the loan ? '' 
 smith managed an incredulous expression . 
 `` i do n't think you expect me to answer yes ? '' 
 `` well i had to ask , '' said bobby . 
 chapter thirteen inspector nolan sat alone in his office . 
 he had a few files on his desk , but was doing no work . 
 he had been stupid to get into a job with murphy . 
 he remembered when he had first met him . 
 it was in belfast , and nolan was five years old , and proud to be accompanying his eldest brother to play along with his friends . 
 james nolan 's brother , danny was ten , as were his friends , eamonn murphy and bobby bell . 
 to be part of a gang made james , who then was known as jimmy , feel grown up . 
 they roamed the streets of east belfast . 
 it was before the troubles began . 
 they played in the parks , pretending to be cowboys , and murphy had made up the game of safari hunters , and they had chased cats , and if they were n't too big and vicious , dogs as well . 
 murphy had n't been content just to chase , either , and if he caught a cat , he would kill it , if he could . 
 murphy always wore dirty , ragged clothes , and often turned up soaking wet if it had been raining . 
 it was rumoured that his mother did n't let him in the house until bedtime , whatever the weather . 
 maybe that had given him his mean streak . 
 nolan now knew , and had known since he was in his late teens , that murphy 's mother had been on the game , and was entertaining a succession of customers when she would n't let eamonn in the house . 
 murphy also had a succession of ` fathers ' , men who lived with his mother , usually only for a week or two . 
 there was also a succession of pimps , who hung around . 
 it was not a very good atmosphere to be growing up in . 
 he could be a vicious bully to boys he did n't like . 
 jimmy was careful to keep on the right side of him , and in that case he could be a good protector to young jimmy . 
 despite murphy 's faults , young jimmy had idolised him . 
 when nolan was fourteen , his family had moved to liverpool , where his dad had got a job . 
 when nolan was twenty-five , after a series of dead end jobs , he had entered the police force . 
 he had heard some of murphy 's exploits with the provos , from his brother who was still in belfast and from other friends there when the troubles were over , murphy was at a loose end , and moved to england , and settled in nolan 's patch . 
 they had met for a drink on one or two occasions , to reminisce on childhood exploits . 
 one night , out of the blue , murphy said : `` what would you do with a million , or a million and a half quid , jimmy ? 
 that would be fine for your retirement , eh ? '' 
 and from then on , life had become a nightmare . 
 chapter fourteen the surveillance had started at twelve noon , and dusty miller had drawn first shift . 
 he elected to go on foot , since it was a warm cloudless day . 
 he watched from the back of the trees on the hill top where mcbride had done the painting . 
 from there apart from seeing the outbuildings at the back , he had a fairly good view of the street outside the house . 
 he had taken the binoculars with him he knew that when you spend six hours doing nothing , time drags . 
 most of the time he had spent in the army , was waiting . 
 only ten percent was excitement . 
 he vowed to take a book with him the next time , but that mcbride might object on the grounds that it would take his mind off the job in hand . 
 during his shift , he saw , briefly , murphy pottering in the yard by the outbuildings . 
 other than that , nothing stirred . 
 at six o’clock , he watched mcbride approach him across the field , on the public footpath . 
 miller stood and stretched . 
 `` nothing to report , '' he said . 
 `` good , did n't expect anything for a day or two . 
 but we have to be prepared . 
 i 've got the car along the road , quite a good place to spot what happens , if anything does . 
 keep your mobile on , because i 'll call you if necessary . 
 until midnight , then . 
 do n't forget , okay ? '' 
 they walked back down the path together , and mcbride parted to walk past murphy 's house , having found a place beyond , where he had parked in a small public car park not much used outside of shopping hours . 
 slumped down in the front seat of his car , in the shade of a tree , where the street lights did n't penetrate , passers-by on the street would not even notice that the car was occupied . 
 chapter fifteen murphy drove into the pub car park in his tatty old ford mondeo , never even bothering to lock it up , then strode over to the pub door that was open and spilling a buzz of voices into the evening air . 
 having met jim before in pubs , he strode straight into the public bar , and there the man was , a big fellow , in a plaid woollen shirt and jeans , standing at the bar with a pint half-drunk . 
 he was talking to a group of three other men , and judging by the laughter , had just said something funny when the laughter had finished , murphy called his name , and jim turned from the bar looking in the gloom for him . 
 murphy beckoned , and jim said something to his mates , and then came over . 
 `` is there somewhere we can talk ? 
 in the lounge , f ' rinstance ? '' 
 `` sure , it 's this way . '' 
 they pushed through a pair of swing doors into relative silence . 
 the lights were on ; nobody else there . 
 the bar was part of the central common bar . 
 murphy went over , called for the barman who was serving in the public bar . 
 `` give me a couple of whiskies , will yar . '' 
 eventually the drinks were there , and murphy paid the barman , and went over to the table with them , offered one to jim . 
 `` no , i 'm drinking beer , thanks . '' 
 he had brought his drink through with him . 
 murphy shrugged , poured one glass into the other , took a swig and sat down opposite him . 
 `` as i said on the phone , it 's an easy job . 
 but it 's a matter of timing . 
 i would need you on site at nine in the morning , thursday . 
 you 'll be finished at ten thirty . 
 payment now in cash , one grand . '' 
 jim looked at him , eyebrows raised . 
 `` it was one hour on the phone . 
 now it 's two , including the set up time , finding the lines , chopping them and so on ... '' `` christ , you arguing over half an hour ? '' 
 `` where 's the job , and what do i do ? '' 
 `` you just cut the phone lines , and tap them . 
 when it rings , you say : ` northern bullion , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` jesus , you 're going to rob northern bullion ? 
 and i only get a grand ? 
 the pigs will be crawling all over cheshire , and everyone with a sheet will get pulled in . '' 
 murphy pretended to look surprised . 
 `` my , my , jim , you 're not known to the polis ? '' 
 `` i need ten grand minimum , or count me out . '' 
 `` too dangerous for me to let you out now , you know what i mean ? 
 accidents happen to people who know too much about my business . '' 
 `` so you 'll pay me ten grand ? '' 
 `` two grand tonight . 
 that 's all i 've got with me . 
 the rest by the weekend , okay ? '' 
 murphy reached in his jacket pocket , pulled out two envelopes . 
 facetiously counted them on to the table : `` one , and two . '' 
 `` you knew i 'd ask for more , so you brought more . '' 
 `` no , the other 's for my bookie , but now he 'll have to hang on for his money . '' 
 jim looked at murphy across the table , not knowing whether he was joking . 
 `` okay . 
 so i 'll have to sit in the street with a handset answering the lines . 
 there 's bound to be more than one , a company of that size . '' 
 `` you can fob off most of the calls . 
 tell them there 's a hitch with the phones , and that you 've got people working on the problem , pretend to take down their numbers , or ask them to email . 
 `` the call you 've got to answer , if you lose the others , is secure express . 
 they 'll phone about half past nine , maybe a bit later . 
 they 'll tell you that they ca n't pick up the cargo today , due to a van problem . 
 will tomorrow be okay ? 
 you tell him yes , you 'll reschedule the flights , need them same time on friday . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` i can guess the rest , but i wo n't say . '' 
 jim forced a smile . 
 `` i can leave as soon as that call 's come in ? '' 
 `` sure can . 
 you 'll be well clear of the area before anyone 's the wiser , '' assured murphy . 
 `` but you know what happens to people who let me down . 
 they 're not around to do it twice . '' 
 murphy stood up , pushing the chair back as he did so , swigging the rest of his double whisky and striding out of the pub without another word . 
 chapter sixteen mcbride , out in the car park , his car close to the entrance , saw murphy walk out of the pub . 
 he had been inside less than half an hour . 
 he had an uneasy feeling that he might be a decoy , and the real business had started elsewhere . 
 but he was committed now . 
 he had n't told miller where he was . 
 no need to disturb him yet . 
 he had looked at his laptop while murphy was in the pub . 
 the van , according to the bug , was still at murphy 's home ... unless murphy had discovered it , and left it on but removed from the van . 
 unlikely , mcbride thought , he guessed the van was not being used yet , murphy still fixing up the job . 
 he watched murphy sweep out of the car park , and go back the way he had come . 
 miller had to assume he was returning home , and he needed to look in the pub . 
 mcbride went through the door murphy had used , found himself in the public saloon . 
 he walked to the bar , waited to order . 
 there was a group of four men further down the bar talking in loud voices , swilling pints . 
 the tall man in the checked shirt , called the barman , who was about to serve mcbride . 
 the barman turned back . 
 better to look after a regular , rather than some stray newcomer . 
 `` pints all round , '' said checkshirt , pulling an envelope from his pocket , and extracting a twenty . 
 judging from the thickness of the envelope mcbride judged there might be a grand or more inside it . 
 he tuned into the conversation . 
 the rest were ribbing the guy who had bought the drinks . 
 `` that was a good job you just fixed up , then , '' said one , and another , `` got money to burn now then . '' 
 checkshirt grew angry . 
 `` cut it out . '' 
 miller turned away from the bar when he had his drink , sat at a table next to one with a sole pensioner , pint in front of him . 
 `` noisy crowd at the bar , '' mcbride observed . 
 `` often in here , '' said the pensioner . 
 `` got money , the kids these days . 
 do n't always earn it honestly , especially the ones who do technical things , like computers and such . '' 
 mcbride smiled to himself . 
 ` kids ' -- these guys by the bar were all in their thirties , at least . 
 they were hardly youngsters , except from a pensioner 's viewpoint . 
 `` does the man who 's just bought the drinks , do technical things ? '' 
 `` telephones . 
 got his own company he says . 
 called manchester tele ... something ... means telephones , anyways . 
 lots of new words made up , to sound posh . 
 we did n't need new names , in our days . '' 
 he started rambling : `` do you know how much this pint is ? 
 more than a week 's wages , when i started work . 
 disgusting . '' 
 mcbride drank the remainder of his own pint . 
 `` cheerio , '' he said taking his glass to put on the bar . 
 he said to the barman , `` give the old man another drink . '' 
 he put some coins on the counter . 
 on the drive home , he had an idea that might narrow down the target of murphy 's criminality . 
 he would search tonight on his computer . 
 when he returned to the small car park , his watch base , it was still only half past nine . 
 having made sure that nothing else was happening at murphy 's house , he powered up his laptop , and googled secure express . 
 he clicked on their website . 
 there were boastful claims of a fast growing reliable business , with vans being linked at all times with the headquarters , and tracked constantly by gps , monitored by specialists . 
 there was a section called recommendations . 
 another word for the section might have been ` testimonials ' . 
 he clicked on the button . 
 this was what he was looking for . 
 a list of customers , neatly broken down by area . 
 he scrolled to ` northwest ' and there was a list of thirty or so companies , each with a line of testimonial , such as ` have used secure express for ten years with complete confidence ... ' and other quotes in similar vein . 
 there was a company called northern bullion on an industrial park not far out of manchester . 
 everything else in fifty miles did n't seem to involve easily fenced products , although he could be completely wrong . 
 mcbride closed the website and googled a map of the area , so that he could work out a likely route between secure 's base and northern bullion he was engrossed in this task , when there was a tap on the window . 
 miller was outside , grinning down at him . 
 he opened the door , climbed into the front passenger seat . 
 `` this is what you call surveillance ? '' 
 `` careless , i should have seen you coming , even though you are the spirit of the night , and a mercenary of high skill . 
 baden-powell would have been proud of you . 
 anyway , i was just working out what murphy 's target might be . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` northern bullion . 
 it 's one of secure express ' largest customers in the area . 
 it seems to offer easily exchangeable products . 
 do n't suppose murphy would want a load of microchips , for instance . '' 
 `` murphy could fence most things through ex-members of the ira . 
 i always expected that he would head over to ireland if he gets away with a haul . 
 still , it does n't harm to investigate likely targets . '' 
 mcbride said : `` oh , tonight murphy was out , and i followed him . 
 he met with a man at a pub , retained him for some telecoms work . '' 
 he ran through what he had learned . 
 miller said , `` he needs to intercept any calls from secure express when he knocks out their van . 
 if you leave me your car , i 'll take over . 
 it 's a nice night for a walk . 
 see you at 6am . '' 
 chapter seventeen nothing happened during miller 's shift , but when mcbride took his next turn , he saw a taxi turn into murphy 's yard . 
 it was an airport cab , with two passengers in the back . 
 obviously reinforcements , thought mcbride , so we ca n't be far away now . 
 as miller had guessed . 
 nothing more happened on mcbride 's shift nor on miller 's next shift , but mcbride had no longer , settled down at six o’clock that evening , than murphy 's old car came sailing out of his driveway , and mcbride could clearly see that he had two passengers . 
 he could n't not follow them . 
 it was difficult in full daylight , but he had an advantage , he guessed in which direction they were heading . 
 sure enough they headed south west , over the motorway on a b-road . 
 mcbride was so over-confident that he almost lost them . 
 the mondeo took a left , which luckily , mcbride saw because the road was straight . 
 murphy was going further south than mcbride expected . 
 in a mile or so , murphy took a right , followed by another left a mile or so further . 
 this was a narrow lane , with passing places . 
 as traffic was very sparse , mcbride had to drop even further back a mile or two on , there was a cross roads with a halt sign . 
 murphy paused momentarily , then signalled right . 
 when mcbride , took the same right handed turn on to the major road , he was shocked to see murphy walking towards him with his two passengers . 
 mcbride quickly recovered from his surprise and pretended to ignore them , completing his manoeuvre , and driving off . 
 he looked into his rear view mirror . 
 the three men had vanished into the road he had just left . 
 mcbride immediately saw murphy 's mondeo , which was parked front into a gated farm track . 
 within a few hundred feet , mcbride was able to leave his car in a lay by . 
 he jogged back down the road , slowing as he approached the junction , fearful that murphy and his men might emerge from the lane . 
 mcbride was afraid to turn into the lane , not knowing whether murphy and his men might still be just round the corner , perhaps even waiting for him . 
 if they were , and had guns , he had no chance . 
 he weighed up the terrain . 
 at the nearside of the lane was a small copse , which looked as though it might give him cover . 
 it was surrounded by a low fence . 
 he found it easy to climb . 
 he ran across the copse , crouching low . 
 now he could see the lane , and see up it maybe a hundred feet . 
 no sign of murphy . 
 the copse actually ran along the lane for a fair way , so mcbride followed it , keeping several trees between himself and the road . 
 the copse ended about four hundred yards along , but the land was rising now , the road running in a narrow valley . 
 the light was going , and if he crawled on the grassy bank , mcbride reckoned he would be next to invisible from the lane . 
 he crawled for another hundred yards , and heard murphy 's voice , and the excitable chatter of his companions . 
 cautiously raising his head he saw all three on the grass verge , examining a rivulet , which apparently ran in a pipe under the road . 
 one of the men crossed over to check , and called out . 
 `` yes . 
 that will do . '' 
 they turned , and started back the way they had come . 
 mcbride turned on his back and lay on the grass feeling relieved that he had not been seen . 
 after a few minutes to let murphy get clear , he went back , not on the road , but through the copse . 
 there was no sense in taking chances . 
 just before he reached the cross roads , he saw murphy 's car shoot past . 
 when mcbride reached his car , he dug a road atlas out of the seatback pocket , switched on the interior light , and found where he was situated . 
 the b road he was on , would eventually join an a road , and eventually the trading estate , home of northern bullion , could be accessed . 
 finding the position of the secure express premises , he saw that travel along this quiet b road was the logical route to reach northern bullion . 
 whether this had been researched by observation on previous occasions by murphy , mcbride did n't know , but guessed it probably was . 
 when miller came on duty at midnight , mcbride told him the news . 
 `` it 's either tomorrow , or friday , '' speculated miller . 
 mcbride had to agree . 
 chapter eighteen the sound of his mobile ringing woke up mcbride . 
 he opened his eyes , at first not knowing where he was . 
 he sat up in bed , helen was beside him , and the phone was on her bedside table . 
 he reached across , trying not to disturb her , pressed the answer tab . 
 it was miller . 
 `` have you overslept , john ? 
 it 's nearly seven , and the action 's started . 
 meet me down here , in your car , quick as you can . 
 if i 'm not here , i 'm following the van . '' 
 putting the now silent phone on his side table , mcbride leapt out of bed and dressed hurriedly . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 said helen sleepily . 
 `` action at last in the murphy case , we hope . 
 i should have met dusty miller at six , and now it 's seven . 
 got to dash . 
 i 'll phone you , or meet you tonight . '' 
 he kissed her , and ran out of the door . 
 miller was standing outside his car , which was parked in the usual car park . 
 `` sorry i slept in , '' said mcbride . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 miller pointed . 
 `` that old pickup has come down to the bottom of the driveway , presumably so they can get the secure express van ready in the yard . '' 
 mcbride was surprised the back of the pickup was loaded with traffic cones , and fence posts , boards too . 
 or they could be notice boards . 
 while they watched , two men climbed into the pickup , and it pulled on to the road , driving off away from mcbride . 
 `` gone to trap the real secure express van , i reckon , '' said miller . 
 `` if i go a different route from last night , i reckon i can maybe forestall them , '' said mcbride . 
 `` if you do , be careful , they may well be armed . '' 
 `` okay , and you 'll follow the secure express van with murphy in it , and i can catch up with you at northern bullion ? '' 
 `` keep your mobile handy . 
 anything can happen , and we do n't want to lose murphy . '' 
 mcbride got back in his car , and drove off fast . 
 he knew another route to enter the b road before the junction that murphy and his boys were looking at last night . 
 trouble was that he would have to drive fast to cover the extra miles that this route comprised . 
 traffic was light , but mcbride reflected that this would also help the murphy boys as well , although he should be able to maintain a faster average in his car . 
 in the event , mcbride arrived at the junction and the pickup was already there , and the men were unloading traffic cones . 
 they waved him on , so mcbride had to proceed , although he pulled into the same lay by that he had used the previous night . 
 he was extremely surprised that the men were putting cones across the minor road , together with a large sign saying ` road closed ' and an arrow pointing the way he had gone , as a diversionary route . 
 he sat in his car for a moment , confusion showing in his inaction . 
 but there was little time to lose . 
 he opened the door , got out of the car and jogged across the road . 
 his plan was to go through the copse as he had done yesterday . 
 he scrambled upwards through the trees , the ground damp from rain last night , the pungent smell of leaf humus . 
 the sky was light blue , not a cloud in the sky . 
 he descended towards the side road , and reached the verge , perhaps a hundred yards from the junction . 
 he stood there for a moment , hearing the sound of traffic cones scraping on the tarmac . 
 he could see murphy 's men working busily . 
 now they had moved cones to block the b road , and opened the left hand side of the lane . 
 next , they waved their arms to direct a vehicle towards him . 
 with a start he realised it was a secure express van , sparkling white in the sunshine , accelerating towards him . 
 in the moment he had before the vehicle was on him , his brain worked overtime , calculating , no , guessing which vehicle this could be . 
 was it genuine , or murphy 's ? 
 he made the decision , ran into the road , flagged with his hands for it to stop . 
 the driver stared at him and accelerated . 
 just before the vehicle was about to hit him , mcbride hurled himself back onto the verge , tripped and was thrown flat with his own acceleration . 
 almost immediately , there was an explosion . 
 he realised he was deaf , could hear nothing but the blood surging in his ears , and a gale of air throwing debris , twigs and dust towards him . 
 he lifted his face in time to see the secure express van thrown into the air on a pillar of flame , tumbling back again on to the road , bouncing twice before coming to rest on its wheels . 
 the van was on fire , tyres burning furiously . 
 as he watched , there was another explosion , blasting heat waves towards him . 
 the back of the van bulged , and a long tear appeared in the metal . 
 instead of white , the van was a charred greyish brown . 
 a trickle of steaming water headed towards him . 
 mcbride , dazed , struggled to stand up , brushing leaves and dust from his hair . 
 the van was still burning , but with less flames . 
 black smoke rose into the still air , and there was no sound of birdsong . 
 mcbride knew that the men inside could not have survived , but was still going to find out for sure , if he could get close enough . 
 the heat , even when he was a couple of feet from the van , drove him back , and he had to admit defeat . 
 suddenly panicking , he swung round to look up to the road junction for murphy 's men . 
 but no-one was in view . 
 the cones were scattered , some on their sides , presumably moved by the blast . 
 carefully , feeling aches in every bone he walked to the junction . 
 to the right , on the b road , there were more cones , mostly on the edge of the road , and a sign still in middle of the tarmac , ` road closed use diversion ' in white on a red background . 
 of murphy 's pick up and the men , there was no sign . 
 mcbride realised that the police must have been alerted , either by the explosion , or informed by express secure that their van had vanished . 
 if mcbride was still around when the police arrived , he would be pulled in for questioning , and could be detained all day . 
 chapter nineteen the communications room at secure express housed eight computer screens . 
 it was a long low room , no widows . 
 there were three men scanning the screens , one , the supervisor , whose sole job it was , and always two relief drivers . 
 the screens each showed gps maps , one for each van , the van number on the top of the screen . 
 there were phones by each screen , and radio phones , too . 
 that made three ways each van was in touch with base . 
 if there was going to be trouble , and that was very , very rarely , it was when a van was loaded , and someone tried to hijack it for the contents . 
 if the gps contact was lost , the computer gave an audible alarm . 
 at 9.34 a.m on thursday morning , the men in the communications room were sipping their first coffee of the day , and discussing last night 's football match . 
 the audible warning startled them , and each scanned their bank of computers . 
 `` number three down , super ! '' 
 shouted one of the drivers . 
 he picked up the phone , speed dialled the van 's mobile number . 
 the call failed to connect . 
 a call by radiophone also failed . 
 the supervisor was worried . 
 `` do you have the last position on screen ? '' 
 he called . 
 already he had his phone in his hand , dialling the number to their police contact . 
 first he gave the van details , registration number , then the last known latitude and longitude . 
 `` b1293 , it is on screen here , at a junction , c road , on the right heading south west . 
 in fact they were n't on the b1293 , but about 150 yards up the unclassified lane . 
 that was an unauthorised detour . '' 
 `` just a moment , '' said the traffic policeman , `` we 've got another message in , explosion in that vicinity . 
 we 've a car in the area . 
 just hold on ... '' the supervisor could hear the policeman talking to somebody else . 
 `` bad explosion , ied , looks like . 
 it 's your van , does n't look as though there are survivors . 
 we 'll phone back shortly when we 've got more details . 
 what was the cargo ? 
 it does n't look as though anyone has had time to get into the vehicle . '' 
 `` that 's what 's surprising , it was empty -- going to a pick up . '' 
 `` where was it going ? '' 
 `` northern bullion . '' 
 `` we 've got a police presence scheduled there . '' 
 `` i 'll phone northern and reschedule . '' 
 `` i 'll get someone round to your office when we 've sorted it out '' the supervisor put the phone down , looked up the number for northern bullion , asked for despatch supervisor . 
 `` speaking '' , said jim , to the surprise of the secure express man . 
 he told him about rescheduling for the next day , and jim readily agreed that would be okay . 
 the supervisor was puzzled . 
 northern bullion usually went ballistic if any changes were suggested . 
 chapter twenty northern bullion was on the edge of the modern industrial estate . 
 it was modern , but not so modern that there was sufficient car parking space for all the employees . 
 each road was chock-a-block with vehicles on both sides of the estate roads . 
 northern bullion itself was housed in a classy low brick building , single storey , with slate roof . 
 low , because they did n't need cranes inside to lift the goods . 
 everything was moved by forklift trucks , on pallets . 
 in the front was a deep tarmac yard , staff cars parked off to the left . 
 there was plenty of space to the centre and right for trucks to swing round , and then reverse to the main shutter door . 
 for extra security there were a row of steel pillars in front of the doors , so that no-one could use a vehicle as a battering ram on them to gain access . 
 when a collection was ready , the steel posts sank into the ground , actuated from inside the building . 
 further steel posts all round the building remained immovable inspector nolan parked his vauxhall vectra in front of the offices , where there were three marked out rectangles , each labelled ` visitor ' . 
 his car was painted in blue and yellow squares , with the word ` police ' on the rear panel , and also across the bonnet . 
 he was angled so that he could look through the offside mirror to the yard entrance . 
 there was a tic in his cheek , his normal showing of nerves , his fingers drummed on the steering wheel , until he became aware of what he was doing , and forced his hand on to his lap . 
 he was dressed in uniform , his cap on the front passenger seat , to be picked up and worn when he left the car . 
 at a couple of minutes before ten , the secure express van turned into the yard . 
 it looked so smart , and was driven so decorously , that for one awful moment inspector nolan thought it might be the genuine article . 
 as it got closer , he saw murphy driving and o’connor in the passenger seat . 
 both looked smart , white collars , and ties neatly centred and knotted . 
 nolan 's heart lifted . 
 maybe it would all go off without incident , and get him off the hook . 
 the van executed a clockwise circle , and reversed up to the posts in front of the roller doors . 
 both men opened their van doors , got out and walked towards the office . 
 nolan got out of the police car , put on his uniform cap , and fell in behind them . 
 murphy was holding the paperwork that nolan had given him a couple of days before . 
 the door opened inwards , and they all stepped into a fair size carpeted lobby , a counter to keep the customers out of the back office . 
 behind the counter which was chest height , stood a burly man , himself in uniform . 
 some sort of security , nolan reckoned . 
 behind the man a couple of cubicles , glazed from waist height up to head height , open ended towards the main counter . 
 two young women studied computers , never looked up . 
 the security man obviously recognised murphy 's uniform . 
 `` you here to collect the consignment of platinum for manchester airport ? '' 
 he asked . 
 murphy nodded , thought : easier than he expected . 
 he stopped being nervous . 
 `` yes , got the papers here . '' 
 put them on the counter . 
 nolan stood to one side , still wearing his hat , hands joined behind him . 
 standing at ease . 
 o’connor was on murphy 's right . 
 the security man looked at their neck tags . 
 `` what is the password ? '' 
 that always put them in a panic , on their first visit . 
 the security guy loved his practical jokes . 
 this was going to be the last one , as he soon found out . 
 `` password , '' repeated murphy , swung round to nolan , who looked back without emotion . 
 murphy saw no help from him . 
 `` fuck you , '' said murphy , pulled out a gun and shot the security man in the chest . 
 he went down forward to hang over the counter , his breath , rasping . 
 `` just a minute , '' said nolan , incredulous , seeing everything evaporate , his career , his life . 
 yes , very likely his life . 
 murphy turned to him , the pistol in his hand . 
 `` sorry mate , '' and shot nolan in the head . 
 across the room , behind the counter , the women on the computers had turned and were staring at murphy , open mouthed , faces white . 
 murphy beckoned the elder one by waving his gun at her . 
 `` come over here a minute , '' he called . 
 the woman just sat there like a statue . 
 `` come on , i 'm not going to shoot you . '' 
 slowly she got to her feet and took a few paces toward the counter . 
 `` good , '' said murphy . 
 `` now , my friend here , '' he nodded at o’connor , `` wants to get behind the counter . 
 how does he get there ? '' 
 still mute she pointed at a door on murphy 's side of the counter , on the right hand wall . 
 `` and that connects with that door ? '' 
 murphy pointed at a door immediately behind the counter . 
 the girl nodded . 
 `` okay , '' murphy said to o’connor , `` take these . '' 
 he reached into his jacket , pulled out a dozen long cable ties , put them on the counter in front of him . 
 `` tie their hands behind them , and their feet as well . '' 
 o’connor , opened the door , went through . 
 a moment later , he re-appeared on the other side . 
 `` now young lady , '' continued murphy , `` how many people are there in the building besides you lot here ? '' 
 `` three . 
 they 're in the loading bay . '' 
 `` can you speak to them on the internal phone ? '' 
 asked murphy . 
 the girl nodded . 
 `` well , hurry up , get one of them on the phone , and ask all of them to come straight here . 
 chop , chop . '' 
 the girl returned to her desk picked up the phone , pressed an extension number , said : `` can all three of you come into the office now ? '' 
 the tension mounted while they waited . 
 o’connor motioned to the first girl to stand up and turn round . 
 he crossed her arms behind her , said , `` stay still '' , threaded a cable tie , and pulled it tight . 
 as he was performing the operation , the door o’connor had used opened again and three men in smart overalls came in . 
 murphy shouted , `` do n't move ! '' 
 they looked at murphy , saw the gun he was waving at them , took in the body slumped on the counter , although they could n't see the body of inspector nolan from where they were standing . 
 murphy said , `` none of you will get hurt if you do as i say . 
 you can see that i 'm not afraid to use the gun . 
 all i want you to do , you men , is to get the van loaded with the platinum . 
 here 's the note . '' 
 he held the document out , and one of the men took it . 
 `` the van 's outside . '' 
 `` just get it loaded up , we 'll go on our way , and everything will be hunky dory . '' 
 he gestured at o’connor , who had now tied up both women . 
 `` get your gun out and cover them for a moment , while i get to your side . '' 
 when o’connor had his own gun on the three , murphy went through the door on his side , re-appeared in the other door , gesturing with his gun at the three men , stood to one side , said , `` come on guys , lead the way , and i 'll follow , with my finger on the trigger . '' 
 they emerged from the corridor adjacent to the office on to the storeroom floor . 
 murphy could see that they already had a forklift waiting behind the shutter door , its forks in a pallet stacked with small wooden cases . 
 one of the men peeled away to open the doors , pressing a button on a plate on the wall . 
 as the shutter slowly rose , at the same time the protective posts began to sink into the ground . 
 murphy tossed a set of keys to the guy operating the door . 
 `` open the van ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 `` start loading . '' 
 one man used the keys to open the van , and then handed the keys back to murphy . 
 another of the other men jumped on to the forklift . 
 the van doors open , he expertly drove the forklift , depositing the pallet neatly on the van floor , without touching the sides . 
 he backed the truck forks clear of the van , back through the shutter doors . 
 without slowing down , he spun the steering wheel and the truck arced round , the rear end catching o’connor , and throwing him back into the corner by the doors . 
 murphy was too quick and leaped outside as he realised what was happening , stumbling in his haste to get out of range of the forklift . 
 chapter twenty-one as he drove , mcbride telephoned miller . 
 `` dusty , i 'm just heading for northern bullion . 
 is that where you are ? '' 
 `` yes , murphy 's inside , just arrived there a minute ago . 
 the police car 's outside , too . 
 nolan was in it , he 's gone in with murphy and his sidekick . 
 i 'm parked down severn road . 
 there are one or two parking spaces left . 
 how long will you be ? '' 
 `` i think about seven or eight minutes . '' 
 `` i wo n't move until you 've got here . 
 the bug 's still on the van . '' 
 `` the secure van was blown up , you know . 
 no survivors , as near as i could get . 
 it was still on fire . '' 
 mcbride swept down severn road , and nearly shot past miller 's car , saw him at the last minute , and managed to pull into a space one behind . 
 he jumped out of his car , wrenched miller 's passenger door open , and climbed in . 
 miller grinned at him . 
 `` they 've been in there seven and one half minutes already . 
 think maybe something 's wrong . 
 the door 's not been opened yet to load the van . 
 what do you think we should do ? '' 
 `` creep up , and prepare to enter ourselves . 
 trouble is , there could be shooting . '' 
 they both got out of miller 's car , and walked across the road . 
 the estate was quiet , as estates always are during working hours . 
 they walked along the pavement up to the entrance . 
 the shutter doors had opened as they were leaving the car . 
 now they could see a forklift , putting a pallet in the van . 
 they saw it reverse suddenly , and murphy leap from the doorway . 
 he looked round , saw them and immediately jumped into the van , and took off past them skidding violently as he pulled the van round the corner to leave the estate . 
 he obviously recognised mcbride . 
 since they could n't chase murphy on foot , both men ran to the shutter door , still open and the forklift skewed in the entrance . 
 as they approached , two men in overalls looked out . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 shouted mcbride `` hardly . 
 they 've killed some staff . 
 but we caught one . '' 
 mcbride and miller came up to the forklift . 
 one of the men pointed . 
 o’connor was trapped in the corner by the rear of the forklift , unable to escape . 
 mcbride quickly looked at the floor . 
 about ten feet away was a pistol lying on the ground , maybe knocked out of o’connor 's hand when the truck struck . 
 mcbride ran over and picked it up . 
 `` where is everybody ? '' 
 said miller to the two men . 
 `` well there 's jack on the floor just here . 
 he got hit when i reversed the fork lift , i was after the robber and did n't see jack standing there . '' 
 he was in the internal doorway from the office . 
 miller bent down and examined him . 
 `` he 'll be okay , just knocked out . 
 in fact , he 's coming round now . 
 one of you phone 999 and get the police and ambulance . '' 
 one of the men said , `` the phone lines are down . '' 
 miller tossed him his mobile . 
 `` use this , '' he said and followed mcbride , who had gone outside and was running to the office entrance . 
 they pulled open the office door . 
 inspector nolan , was stretched out on the floor , face up . 
 very little blood , but a terrible exit wound spilling out around his head . 
 mcbride stood up . 
 miller was examining the body slumped over the counter . 
 `` dead , '' he said . 
 there was a pool of blood spreading across the countertop . 
 mcbride glanced across the counter . 
 the two girls looked at him . 
 one of them spoke . 
 `` we 're tied up . 
 can you help us ? '' 
 miller immediately hauled himself with agility up and over the counter , and pulling out a penknife , cut through the cable ties binding the girls . 
 he retreated the same way , over the counter . 
 `` we should be on our way , or the police will get here , and detain us . '' 
 `` yes , '' said miller , leading the way through the office door , and running through the roller shutter door to retrieve his mobile from the store man . 
 mcbride gave him the gun he 'd picked up off the floor . 
 `` keep it trained on that guy you 've got , until the police arrive . '' 
 `` let 's take one car , '' said mcbride . 
 `` mine . '' 
 miller pulled his laptop from his car , locked up and joined mcbride . 
 he opened the laptop , searching for the gps signal . 
 `` he 's got a big lead on us , '' said miller , `` but you can see he 's heading towards liverpool , i 'd guess . 
 presumably , to pick up the belfast ferry , do you think ? '' 
 `` could be , but he can hardly drive on in a van with secure express on it . 
 and with a labelled load of valuables that are n't his . 
 surely the police will be putting the news about , in what , a couple of hours , maximum ? '' 
 `` yes , it can hardly take them long to piece it together , and with bodies , too . 
 especially with a policeman down . '' 
 they carried on through heavy traffic , and it seemed to miller that the van 's lead was increasing . 
 he suddenly realised it was not on the same route that they were . 
 `` john , the van 's shifted route . '' 
 the light winked out . 
 `` shit , we 've lost them . 
 no signal . '' 
 `` they 've discovered the bug ? '' 
 `` maybe , but that does n't help us . 
 best thing we can do is drive to where they signalled last . '' 
 `` you know the spot ? '' 
 `` not exactly , but i know the approximate location . '' 
 neither man spoke for a few miles . 
 they were making better progress , as the traffic thinned . 
 after thirty more miles , miller said , `` we 're about as close as we can be without taking a detour . 
 how about pulling in somewhere , and waiting ? '' 
 `` it could n't harm . 
 i know that the next ferry out of liverpool to belfast is n't until six tonight . 
 if the worst comes to the worst , we can catch that . '' 
 chapter twenty-two lefty was driving the pickup . 
 the load area was empty . 
 they had n't collected up any of the road works equipment , just beat a hasty departure . 
 ned was in the passenger seat , clutching a dirt smeared piece of paper , which had been given to him early today , before they 'd driven away from murphy 's house . 
 on it were the directions they had to go with the pick-up . 
 they also had a key . 
 from the barn they were to assemble , in the yard in front , a selection of tatty antique furniture , especially four old blanket chests which were just inside the door . 
 by this time , murphy would have arrived , ready to issue further instructions . 
 after two wrong turns they arrived at the old farmhouse , with its ragtag of buildings scattered over an acre of mud yard . 
 `` number twelve , he said , '' muttered ned . 
 `` it 's here , '' said lefty pulling up near a pair of barn doors with a hefty padlock securing them . 
 they undid the padlock , pulled open the doors . 
 there was a switch on the wall , working a large overhead bulb in a huge metal shade . 
 there was a central aisle , about seven or eight feet wide , and piles of antique furniture built to dizzying height on either side , extending to the walls on each side . 
 at the front of the aisle , four old blanket boxes lay on the earth floor . 
 `` pull those out into the yard , for a start , '' said lefty . 
 then he tackled a pile on the left aisle , pulled out three windsor chairs , a toilet stand , complete with basin , several more dining chairs , and a couple of occasional tables . 
 he emerged into the sunlight . 
 `` get that furniture i 've sorted , put it in a pile with the boxes . '' 
 then lefty sat down in the dust of the yard , and took from his pocket a cigarette packet . 
 he had been up for most of the previous night , and he felt his eyes closing involuntarily , in the sunlight . 
 ned , busied himself , and when he had a pile of furniture in the yard , joined lefty , leaning against the barn wall . 
 the sound of a motor screaming at full speed in low gear woke them to see the white van with the secure express signs tear into the yard and pull up in a swirl of dust . 
 the door opened , and murphy tumbled out in haste . 
 `` quick '' he shouted , `` it all went to fuck . 
 o’connor 's been caught , and the pressure 's on . 
 i 'm not moving the van now , we 'll back it into the barn . 
 next , you two get the signs off the sides and the back . '' 
 he dashed inside the barn , came out with a sheaf of plastic . 
 `` put these signs on , one each side . 
 then burn the old signs , they 'll burn well , i 'm telling ya . '' 
 the three of them worked quickly . 
 the original signs came off easily , because murphy had been sure not to press the adhesive too severely . 
 when the old signs had been completely removed , murphy showed the others where he wanted the new signs , which said : cheshire antiques , in red lettering . 
 then they scrunched up the old vinyl signs , and murphy used his petrol lighter , and they burned quickly to a sticky ash . 
 `` just take the ashes , and spread them round the back in the trees , '' he ordered . 
 meanwhile , he got back into the van , and reversed down the central aisle of his lock up , as far back as he could get it . 
 finally , he threw an old dustsheet over it . 
 then he remembered the plates . 
 he rummaged in the barn until he found the original registration plates , and lefty and ned replaced them . 
 he went out again and round the back , and using the plates as shovels , dug a hole that would hide them . 
 he scraped the earth back into the hole with his hands , trampling on the new soil to tamp it down . 
 he scattered dead leaves over the freshly turned soil . 
 murphy returned to find that his men were lounging by the pickup awaiting instructions . 
 `` come on , you lazy sods , get all this furniture loaded on to the pick-up , tie it down , and we 're going . 
 i 'll treat you to a trip back to belfast by boat . 
 but you 'll take the pick-up with the furniture . 
 you know antique jack ? 
 leave the whole lot with him , and i 'll pick the truck up some time . 
 tell him he can use it return for housing it , and i 'll expect him to pay me for contents . 
 there 's a cabin booked for two on the ferry which leaves at ten o’clock tonight . 
 so you 'll have time for a drink in liverpool . 
 but i need a lift with you . 
 to a friend 's house , he 'll put me up tonight , out of harm 's way . 
 come on , we 're going . 
 give me the barn keys . '' 
 he held out his hand , and used the key to fasten the padlock . 
 mcbride had parked his car in a lay by of suburban shops . 
 a kebab takeaway , closed during the day , mcbride assumed , a chippy , closed too . 
 miller was in the passenger seat , asleep after his night on surveillance . 
 mcbride was outside the car , leaning on the rear , surveying the traffic heading for liverpool . 
 his eyes ached from looking for white vans . 
 there 's never any when you 're looking for them . 
 trucks and buses , yes , even transit pick-ups . 
 like this one approaching . 
 the one leaving murphy 's house early this morning , and seen again at the road works , before the explosion . 
 mcbride could hardly believe his luck . 
 the traffic was one slow snarl up , so mcbride had time to look through the windscreen at the occupants as the pick-up came towards him . 
 the two mock roadmen , and there was murphy , on the left hand side seat , who caught mcbride 's eye as he passed . 
 mcbride climbed back into his car , and forced his way into the traffic stream , amid angry horns blowing . 
 the sound of hooting , and the movement of the car woke dusty miller , who rubbed his eyes . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 `` murphy and friends just went by in the transit pick up , '' said mcbride . 
 `` the platform was full of tatty furniture , quasi-antique . 
 and , wait for it , at least four large blanket chests . 
 what do you think is in them ? '' 
 `` bullion , you 're hoping ? '' 
 `` we 'll see , '' said mcbride . 
 they followed the pick-up , three or four vehicles back , all the way through the centre of liverpool , then lost it . 
 `` never mind , '' said miller , `` they 'll be on the liverpool to belfast ferry tonight . 
 that 's the only reason they 're here . 
 hardly likely they 'd hack all the way to stranraer . 
 god , have you ever been there ? 
 it takes like for ever . '' 
 `` and they wo n't be going to holyhead . 
 they 've been coming the wrong way . 
 i have to agree . 
 you think it 's worth going back to the hotel ? '' 
 miller looked at his watch . 
 `` well , it 's two o’clock now , and it would be about two hours back , and then what ? 
 why do n't we eat here , and do some sightseeing , or shopping , if that grabs you . '' 
 the pick-up was out in the suburbs now . 
 murphy said to lefty , `` you can drop me here . 
 just pull into the side . '' 
 murphy got out , made to step away , then turned round to the pick-up , stuck his head through the open window . 
 `` just thought you ought to know it 's called the liverpool to belfast ferry , but it leaves from birkenhead , that is through the mersey tunnel , and then follow the signs . 
 there 's also a map on the tickets i gave you . 
 suppose they do n't call it birkenhead to belfast ferry , cos no - one would know where it was . '' 
 chapter twenty-three mcbride 's car rolled into the ferry terminal at seven thirty that evening . 
 not only had they lunched , but also had early dinner . 
 they parked the car , and went into the terminal , bought foot passenger tickets , and a couple of cabins . 
 it was still early when they got outside the terminal . 
 there was a coach to the ferry for the foot passengers . 
 some cars were already arriving to board . 
 `` do you think we 'll be able to see the cars embarking from inside the ferry ? '' 
 `` pretty sure to , '' replied mcbride . 
 `` but if we do n't see murphy 's truck actually going aboard , we 'll be in belfast , and murphy might be anywhere . '' 
 they decided to walk to the boat , since they had lots of time to kill . 
 it was not a pleasurable walk ; dreary desolate , post-industrial scenery . 
 they stood by the bus terminus , and watched vehicles coming up the road to the waiting area for boarding . 
 they waited for an hour , and then spotted the pick-up with its load of scrap furniture take its place in line . 
 `` okay , let 's go on board , '' said mcbride . 
 `` if i can get a good signal , it 's time to contact the belfast police , '' said miller , when they had arrived in the lounge . 
 he fiddled with his phone , moved over to the window , and was soon engaged in animated conversation . 
 from the look on his face , the phone call had gone well . 
 `` my old mate 's a super , now . 
 he 's arranging a quayside welcome , about a dozen coppers , at least five cars . 
 they 'll pull that truck to pieces . 
 they 're also interested in talking to murphy . 
 the media 's full of this morning 's heist , and murphy 's name 's been mentioned . '' 
 mcbride looked around the lounge . 
 there was a television set , not yet switched on . 
 he walked over to the bar , where barman was listlessly setting up . 
 `` can we have a news channel on ? '' 
 he said , gesturing towards the large screen . 
 the barman moved across the bar , and the screen lit up . 
 miller came over to join mcbride . 
 `` ... said the cheshire constabulary this evening . 
 it appears that the robbery at northern bullion involved a consignment of platinum , worth in the region of eleven million pounds , although it would probably only fetch half that when fenced , or even less . 
 the main use for platinum is as a catalyst , and is used in exhaust systems of every petrol vehicle . 
 a smaller amount is used for jewellery . 
 the robbery involved the death of four people , two in the blowing up of the security van as it was en route to northern bullion . 
 the fake security van then made the scheduled visit to pick up the consignment . 
 a police inspector was in attendance at the time . 
 this was an insurance requirement , we understand . 
 usually a constable attended , but not on this occasion . 
 the inspector was shot dead with a bullet to the head , and the security guard was shot in the chest , and died almost immediately . 
 one of the gang was captured at the scene by stores men . 
 he is still being interrogated tonight . 
 this is the largest robbery to take place since the bullion theft at heathrow in the eighties . 
 other news now ... '' `` higher value than i expected , '' said mcbride . 
 `` murphy really went for the big one to retire on . '' 
 the ship had now finished loading vehicles , and the lounge area was more than half full , a few people waiting for the bar to open . 
 they found a table , and eventually got a drink . 
 `` it 's spot the criminal time , '' said miller . 
 `` you 've more chance , because you 've seen the two who blew the van . '' 
 mcbride started to systematically scan the crowd . 
 more people were entering , and someone shouted , `` lefty '' and started waving , standing in the doorway . 
 people looked over , including mcbride , who was one of the few people who recognised the man . 
 over at a small table by the window , there came a shout `` ned , over here . '' 
 `` those are the boys , '' mcbride said . 
 `` so where 's murphy ? '' 
 said miller . 
 `` he could be in his cabin , of course . 
 under his circumstances , i might do that . 
 can only be a few hours at most , before his face is going to be on television . 
 he was seen by a lot of people at northern bullion . '' 
 `` trouble is , we do n't know what cabin he 's in . '' 
 `` whoa , john , i 'm not getting into a gun battle on this boat . 
 civilians will end up getting killed . 
 the man 's ruthless . '' 
 mcbride was quiet for a few moments , the said , `` stay here , i 'll be back in a few minutes . '' 
 he made his way through the now crowded room , and into the large lobby by the stairs , which displayed a sign that said ` reception ' over a low counter manned by three women : john decided his officer voice might produce results . 
 he had long ago found that if you speak with an ` upper class ' accent , people accepted that you could be trusted . 
 hence the millions of scams pulled by ` toffs ' . 
 he joined a queue of two people , and almost immediately one of the girls said : `` can i help you , sir ? '' 
 mcbride gave her a warm smile . 
 `` i 've got a small problem , actually . 
 i was due to meet a colleague on this sailing . 
 we 're attending a meeting in belfast in the morning . 
 unfortunately , i ca n't find him . 
 is it possible to check whether he boarded ? '' 
 `` we 're not supposed to reveal passenger lists , sir ... but i suppose this ca n't harm . 
 what name was it ? '' 
 `` mr murphy , initial e. '' he gave her another friendly smile . 
 she busied herself with the computer screen . 
 `` mr murphy . 
 yes there was a booking tonight , but it was cancelled this afternoon , together with a mr o’connor . '' 
 she continued to inspect the screen for a few moments . 
 `` the tickets were transferred to the names of brown and peterson , mr murphy 's colleagues . 
 perhaps you know them ? 
 they 've certainly boarded . 
 but they have cabins , so they might be there . 
 i ca n't help you any further , i 'm afraid . 
 we do n't disclose cabin numbers . '' 
 `` you 've been more than helpful . 
 a goodnight to you '' mcbride sat down at miller 's table . 
 `` we have a problem . 
 murphy 's not on board . '' 
 `` you 're joking ! '' 
 `` no . 
 the original booking was in the names of murphy and o’connor . 
 it was changed this afternoon . 
 the clowns over there were booked instead . '' 
 he pointed surreptitiously . 
 `` but murphy was in the pick up this afternoon . 
 you saw him . 
 so he must still be in liverpool . 
 shit ! 
 christ , we 've pulled out a police parade on the quayside . '' 
 `` yes , '' said mcbride , `` but the bullion might still be in the truck , look on the bright side . 
 perhaps murphy 's on his way by other means , and meeting up with the boys in belfast . '' 
 `` would you trust eleven million quid with those guys ? '' 
 `` there is that , '' said mcbride . 
 chapter twenty-four despite miller 's fears , he slept well . 
 he 'd been awake most of the previous night . 
 at five thirty there was a general morning call on the ship 's speaker system , gratingly cheerful . 
 miller hurled a boot in the general direction of the wall-mounted device . 
 instructions followed about times of breakfast , and arrangements for disembarkation , admission to the car deck , all spoken in the same cheerful manner . 
 miller refrained from throwing his other boot . 
 he showered and dressed in the clothes he 'd worn yesterday . 
 they 'd brought no luggage . 
 he walked into the restaurant , and immediately spotted mcbride , who was queuing for coffee . 
 he looked towards the large picture windows and saw that they were already in belfast lough , the ship barely moving now , dawdling along . 
 whilst looking out of the window , he saw a table with lefty and his pal sitting there . 
 two of the chairs were vacant . 
 he nudged mcbride , and they walked over , carrying their coffees . 
 mcbride said , `` hello there , chaps , i 'm sure you wo n't mind us sharing your table . 
 lovely view , is n't it ? 
 and it is such a lovely day again . '' 
 lefty scowled at him . 
 the ship began a lazy turn , so that the shoreline moved past them like a movie camera pan . 
 mcbride could see the quayside coming into view now , the stranraer boat not yet set off . 
 that was why their ship was waiting . 
 then mcbride spotted the police cars , and police in their yellow shiny jackets , lounging around in the sun , gossiping to each other it seemed from here , up on the ship . 
 `` oh , look lefty , your fan club is waiting . 
 probably give you a lift into belfast , eh ? '' 
 lefty 's eyes looked where mcbride was pointing . 
 miller chuckled , but lefty began to fidget , and then stood up . 
 `` what the fuck 's happening , '' he shouted , and ned just looked on blankly . 
 he seemed to live in a world of his own . 
 several diners turned to look , disturbed by the profanity . 
 lefty pushed his chair away from the table . 
 `` i 'm not going to land there , if that 's what they think . '' 
 he rushed to the door of the restaurant , chased now by mcbride and miller , with ned trailing behind . 
 once out of the restaurant , lefty dashed through the lobby , pushing people aside , and made for the stairs to the next deck . 
 he took the steps two at a time , and pushed through the doors on to the deck . 
 mcbride was closest and grabbed him by the arm . 
 `` lefty , calm down . 
 there 's nowhere to go . '' 
 he turned on mcbride : `` leave me , i 'll kill myself rather than go to prison . '' 
 he dashed over to the deck railings , clambered on to the top rail and without pause , launched himself into space . 
 mcbride was already peeling off his jacket , slipping out of his shoes as he looked over the rails . 
 maybe forty feet below lefty hit the sea with a tremendous splash , and the sounds of his scream could be clearly heard . 
 then he began thrashing around , clearly unable to swim . 
 mcbride waited no longer . 
 he could n't leave a drowning man . 
 thrusting his jacket at miller , he said , `` chuck a lifebelt in and dial 999 . '' 
 then he was climbing over the rail and making the highest dive of his life . 
 he knew that he would dive deep and prepared for it mentally . 
 he cut cleanly through the surface , and down until he thought he would never come up again , and then he could see brighter light as he eventually did come up and then broke the surface , gulping air into his lungs . 
 lefty was less than ten yards away , still fighting to stay afloat . 
 quickly mcbride swam over , and from behind , grabbed him under his arms . 
 `` steady on , do n't fight it , i 've got you . 
 i wo n't let you sink . '' 
 he heard the lifebelt hit the water close by , and dragging lefty , he swam backwards until he could grab it . 
 immediately his buoyancy improved , and he grappled to get it over lefty 's head . 
 automatically , lefty brought his hands up to grasp the belt , and mcbride let go of him , hanging on to the belt itself , to make sure it did n't drift away from him . 
 he looked round , and saw the looming ship only twenty or so yards away . 
 he also saw that the ship had stopped engines , and was lying motionless . 
 what had looked a calm sea from forty feet up , was , at sea level , distinctly choppy and murderously cold . 
 he knew that no rescue would come for maybe twenty minutes or so . 
 maybe the ship would put down a boat , but he thought it more likely that a chopper might be sent from belfast . 
 he did n't think that there would be a small boat on the banks of the lough available at short notice . 
 he encouraged lefty . 
 `` not long now . 
 they are coming to pull us out in a minute . 
 everybody knows that we are in the sea . 
 try moving your legs to keep your temperature up . 
 pointless being rescued dead . '' 
 he looked up at the ferry , to see rows of people watching them , both from the lounge windows , and from the deck railings . 
 lefty had certainly drawn attention to himself . 
 mcbride could n't see the wharf , it was behind the ship . 
 in fact the view of anything but the ship was intermittently obscured by the choppy waves mcbride took his own advice , and started treading water violently , and felt some feeling coming back to his legs . 
 in winter , he guessed they might have died of exposure before they were pulled out . 
 might do in the summer , he said ruefully to himself . 
 after what seemed like an hour , he saw a small dot in the sky , which quickly loomed larger . 
 it was the helicopter . 
 it made a circle round the ship to get the layout of the situation and then it was hovering low , and gradually approaching them . 
 he could see the winch man leaning out of the door , giving the pilot instructions . 
 they were suddenly hit by the powerful downdraught from the rotors , which flattened the waves with the intensity of the blast . 
 the winch man was on the line now tossing a rope for mcbride to catch . 
 mcbride tied the line round lefty , below his arms . 
 the winch man raised his thumb , and lefty , was rising out of the sea , in a cascade of water . 
 by the time mcbride was winched up and into the cabin , lefty was already seated , draped in blankets , a hot drink in his hand . 
 the doors were shut , and the helicopter rose briskly higher , and then set course for belfast . 
 the winch man said , `` we 're dropping you off at the a and e at the hospital , just for a medical check-up . '' 
 `` belfast city hospital ? '' 
 asked mcbride `` they do n't have an a and e there anymore , '' said the winch man . 
 `` it 's royal victoria now , in grosvenor road . 
 you 're obviously not local . '' 
 `` that 's right , just visiting . 
 i was on the ferry , as you might have guessed , when this young guy jumped off . '' 
 the winch man interrupted , `` we 're landing now , can you make sure you 're strapped in . '' 
 the machine landed with a tiny thud , and then the rotor was whining to a halt . 
 the winch man opened the door , and a couple of ambulance men manhandled both of the rescued men out of the helicopter , and on to stretcher trolleys . 
 when they got into the a and e department , they were bowled into adjacent cubicles . 
 the ambulance men handed them dressing gowns , and told them that if they did n't feel well enough to undress and put on the robes , they would get a nurse to help them . 
 in any case someone would be there in a moment to do the paperwork . 
 the cubicles had curtains at the corridor end , but mcbride left his open , to make sure that he would see lefty if he tried to sneak off . 
 within seconds , a youngish nurse entered the cubicle , and proceeded to question him as she filled in a form . 
 when she was happy that he had apparently suffered no ill effects , she told him that a policeman wanted to question him . 
 after that a doctor would come and check him over before he could be released . 
 it was as if it was a regular occurrence , this jumping off ferries . 
 the police constable appeared to be embarrassed that he could not knock before he entered , so instead he coughed gently before he came into the cubicle . 
 he had a notebook with him , and without asking , sat on the only chair , whilst mcbride perched on the end of the bed . 
 he took name and address , date of birth all over again . 
 you would have thought he could have obtained that information from the nurse , thought mcbride , but he did n't raise the matter . 
 `` so , you fell off the liverpool ferry , sir . '' 
 it was a statement , not a question . 
 `` actually , no , i was on the deck , when the guy who is in the next cubicle at present , ran out from the lobby doors , and jumped on to the rails , and leaped off . 
 i looked over the rails , saw him hit the water , and then he seemed to struggle , which gave me the idea that he could n't swim . 
 so i gave my jacket to a colleague , asked him to call the emergency services , and dived in . 
 i think my colleague threw a lifebelt , well , someone certainly did . 
 i grabbed the man , and pulled him over to the belt . 
 eventually , the helicopter picked us up , and here we are . '' 
 `` do you know the man ? 
 did you know why he would jump off the ferry ? '' 
 `` the man is in the next cubicle at the moment . 
 i have an idea , but you could ask him yourself . '' 
 mcbride caught movement from the corner of his eye , jumped up dashed into the corridor , and caught lefty by the arm , and hauled him into the cubicle before the police constable . 
 `` here he is . 
 i know him as lefty . 
 maybe he was looking for you . 
 or maybe he was sneaking out . '' 
 `` okay , sir , '' said the policeman . 
 `` sit down on the bed , next to this gentleman . '' 
 he ran through the same rigmarole as he had with mcbride . 
 then he asked lefty , `` so you fell off the liverpool ferry , sir . 
 how did you manage that ? '' 
 `` this man was chasing me , '' said lefty , pointing to mcbride . 
 `` so i jumped off to escape from him . 
 i thought he was going to kill me . '' 
 the policeman was silent for a few moments , whilst he absorbed that information . 
 then he turned to mcbride ; `` and what do you say to that , mr. mcbride ? '' 
 `` lefty here was at my table in the restaurant , and i pointed out the police you had waiting on the wharf for the ferry . 
 we could see them from the ferry window . 
 lefty became extremely agitated , and shouted something like , ` fuck me , i 'm not going to prison . ' 
 then he jumped out of his chair , dashed out into the lobby and up the stairs , knocking people out of the way . 
 my friend and i were concerned by his agitated state of mind , and followed . 
 he went on the deck , and i saw him climb on to the rail , and jump off . 
 the rest you know . '' 
 the police constable held lefty 's arm , and quickly clamped a handcuff on his wrist . 
 `` i think we 'll take you down to the station , sir , '' the police constable told lefty , `` for further questioning . '' 
 he called the station on his radio , and arranged for a car to be sent . 
 he then said , `` you 're free to leave when the hospital staff have finished with you . 
 i 'll take this gentleman back to his cubicle now . '' 
 almost immediately upon their departure , a young lady entered mcbride 's cubicle . 
 she had a stethoscope looped round her neck . 
 `` i 've just come to check you over . 
 if you 're okay , you can leave when the porter fetches your clothes . '' 
 she caught hold of mcbride 's arm , felt his pulse with her fingers on his wrist , shone a torch in his eyes . 
 she pulled a trolley from the corner with medical equipment on it . 
 she took his blood pressure , asked if he had any pains , put an instrument into his ear to check his temperature . 
 she picked up a clipboard she had put on the bed whilst she carried out the examination . 
 she rapidly filled it in and proffered it to mcbride . 
 `` if you 'll just sign it at the bottom , there where i 'm pointing . '' 
 mcbride scribbled his signature . 
 `` thank you , you 've suffered no ill effects , good day to you . '' 
 and she whisked out to enter the next cubicle . 
 eventually , just when mcbride was convinced they had forgotten him , a young porter arrived with clothes over his arm . 
 `` which ones are yours ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mcbride sorted out his own clothes , put them on the bed . 
 `` right , '' said the porter , `` do n't forget to leave the dressing gown . 
 we lose a lot of them . '' 
 mcbride dressed , and went down the corridor , to the large waiting room by the front doors , and sat down to wait for miller . 
 chapter twenty-five the helicopter rose rapidly into the air , and within seconds was just a dot in the northern sky . 
 on the ferry deck there was a rush of people jostling to get down the stairs . 
 the stranraer ferry had already sailed , and was turning slowly in the middle of the lough , heading for the irish sea . 
 miller bumped ned 's shoulder . 
 `` come on , do n't you have a pick-up to drive off the ship ? 
 then you 'll be able to collect lefty at the hospital . '' 
 when they reached the lobby area , they parted -- ned continuing down to the car deck , and miller joining the queue for disembarking foot passengers . 
 miller was ashore well before the first of the vehicles . 
 the day was overcast , and now there was a brisk wind that rattled the trousers of the police who slapped their hands against their sides he walked towards the superintendent , noting that four of the cars were boxing in the vehicle lane on both sides , and the fifth police car was a few yards further back , ready to chase any vehicle that decided to make a break for it . 
 `` hey there , do you remember me -- dusty miller ? '' 
 the super turned , and smiled . 
 `` my god , and you have n't aged at all . '' 
 `` neither have you , '' said miller . 
 but he saw , close up , the greying hair at his temples , and the fine lines on his face . 
 `` some bad news for you , i 'm afraid . 
 murphy 's not on board . 
 i saw him in the pick-up before it boarded . 
 he must still be in liverpool '' `` so who 's brought the vehicle over ? '' 
 `` two guys , we know as lefty and ned . 
 i think , but ca n't prove , that they blew up the secure express van before the heist . '' 
 `` if they 're bombers , then i know lefty . '' 
 `` he 's already off the ship . 
 jumped into the water , and the helicopter picked him up . '' 
 `` in that case we 'll already have him . 
 but i 'll just check . '' 
 he used his radio , spoke for a while . 
 he turned back to miller . 
 `` yes , he 's in custody , in handcuffs , waiting to go to the station . '' 
 the vehicles started to move off the ship . 
 policemen waved them through the roadblock . 
 the murphy pick-up was one of the last vehicles in the line . 
 the super shouted to one of his men who moved towards the ferry to intercept the truck and indicated that it was to pull in to the side . 
 another officer opened the driver 's door motioning ned to get out . 
 ned looked even more bewildered than usual . 
 he accompanied two officers to the back of the vehicle , and acting on instructions , dropped the tailgate . 
 `` we want everything off the vehicle and piled up on the ground here . '' 
 one of the officers gestured . 
 miller and the super strolled over to watch . 
 the police pulled back their cars to give free flow to the rest of the exiting vehicles . 
 ned started unloading the truck , assisted by the policemen . 
 the super told them to pull the blanket boxes to one side . 
 `` open the boxes , '' he told ned . 
 ned complied , and the super peered into the boxes . 
 two were completely empty , the other two appeared to contain piles of magazines . 
 `` tip them out , '' said the super . 
 ned did so , and hundreds of old copies of the picture post blew along the wharf . 
 `` catch them and put them back in the boxes , '' said the super . 
 ned scuttled backwards and forwards for several minutes , until he had all the magazines recaptured , except the ones that had blown into the lough . 
 meanwhile the policemen had reloaded the antique tat back on the truck . 
 `` sorry about this , '' said miller . 
 `` ca n't be helped , at least we 've got a couple of blokes to question . 
 lefty has form . '' 
 one of the officers was told to drive the truck down to the station , and ned was bundled into the back of one of the cars . 
 miller , went over to the super , shook hands with him , and wandered over to the terminal , where taxis stood . 
 he asked a driver to take him to the royal , victoria , a and e department . 
 it was a short ride . 
 as he got out , he asked the driver to wait while he picked up someone , and then they would need to go to the airport . 
 `` sure , '' said the driver , and pulled out a newspaper , and settled back in his seat . 
 miller walked through the doors into the large waiting room , and there was mcbride waving to him from a seat nearby . 
 miller walked over , tossed him the jacket that mcbride had given him before diving into the lough . 
 in his other hand he held mcbride 's shoes . 
 `` i knew you would find me , '' said mcbride , busy putting on his shoes . 
 `` next place if you were n't here was the police cells . '' 
 `` i could n't phone you . 
 my mobile was in my jacket , and i do n't remember your number . '' 
 `` i 've got a taxi waiting outside . 
 i told him that we 'd be going to the airport . 
 is that okay with you ? '' 
 `` sure , these clothes are still wet at the seams . 
 i really want to get back to the hotel . '' 
 `` the police were pissed off , on the wharf . 
 they searched the truck , but there was nothing in the chests except old magazines . 
 some were blown into the lough . '' 
 chapter twenty-six danny nolan sat before his empty cornflake bowl , drinking coffee when the telephone rang . 
 `` it 's the cheshire constabulary , here . 
 are you daniel nolan ? 
 i have chief superintendent banks for you . '' 
 there was a click on the line , and then a new deep male voice spoke . 
 `` mr nolan , i have some bad news for you . 
 your brother , inspector james nolan was shot dead yesterday on duty . '' 
 there was silence on the line , it seemed to stretch on forever . 
 then danny said , `` my brother ? 
 dead ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry not to tell you before , but the records went back a fair way , and we had next-of-kin down as his wife . 
 but we could n't trace her . '' 
 `` he was divorced . '' 
 danny thought , if they could n't even trace jimmy 's wife , what hope for the force ? 
 the chief superintendent was continuing , but danny 's mind was not registering . 
 `` am i right in thinking you will be making arrangements , for the funeral , and so on ? '' 
 danny pulled himself together . 
 `` i 'm sorry i missed what you just said '' banks said it again , and danny said `` yes , i suppose so . 
 have you got a telephone contact ? 
 i mean , where is the body ? '' 
 `` down at the morgue , at the moment , old boy . 
 i can give you a contact number , and a name . 
 they will give you a list of local funeral directors . '' 
 he recited number and name . 
 danny nolan thanked the chief superintendent , put the phone down , and went over to the sideboard , and poured himself a large whisky . 
 he returned to the phone and called the morgue , using the piece of paper on which he had scrawled the policeman 's information . 
 the manager at the morgue , was very pleasant , and could email him a long list of funeral directors , should he so wish . 
 `` but , if you want a reliable company that is local to the morgue , i would recommend shepherd and company . 
 they are actually owned by a national group , dignity . 
 would you be thinking of cremation or burial ? '' 
 danny remembered that his parents had both been cremated . 
 `` cremation , i would think . '' 
 `` excellent , then it could be quickly arranged , because dignity also own the local crematorium . 
 so they have some pull , you could say . 
 there 's normally quite a waiting list . 
 this is the number you want . '' 
 and gave not only a number , but also a name . 
 danny spent most of the morning talking on the phone to some very sympathetic people , and by the end of the last call , had everything arranged . 
 the only thing left was to attend the event . 
 he made one more call , to a premier inn , and booked a room for the following two days . 
 he caught the belfast stranraur ferry that afternoon . 
 it was the shortest route , and danny hated sea voyages . 
 if he went by plane , he could n't take his sniper rifle with him . 
 he had gone up into the attic in his house , and sorted through the rubble of his life . 
 he knew he had kept the lee enfield after the provos were disbanded , and he was no longer needed as a sniper . 
 after he found the rifle , he searched some more until he found a loaded magazine . 
 after the funeral , danny would spend as long as it took to track down murphy , the man who had killed his young brother . 
 the first stop , when he reached cheshire , after a long and boring drive , was at the funeral parlour . 
 there was a chapel of rest , and the man he met , said he could have a viewing , if he desired . 
 danny declined . 
 he would rather remember jimmy as he had been in life . 
 they spent some time in the office , going through , and paying for , the service . 
 danny was asked for details of jimmy 's life , so that the priest could give a eulogy . 
 danny had requested a non-denominational service , as he could not remember , or did not know , whether jimmy was still a catholic . 
 the funeral was scheduled for eleven thirty the next morning , and the day was fine , with a blue sky . 
 danny wore his black suit , one that he aptly called his funeral suit . 
 he drove up to the crematorium , which was not far from the premier inn , and parked in the car park . 
 he stood in front of the chapel , looking out over the garden , which was laid out with flowering shrubs , and also some evergreen trees , though he did n't know what they were , since he had never been interested in gardening , or flora . 
 in the centre of the gardens was an ornamental pond , surrounded by reeds . 
 there were several other mourners standing about now . 
 could n't be for his brother 's service , surely . 
 danny glanced at his watch , thinking maybe there was another funeral before his . 
 it was eleven twenty-five , and a hearse swept up in front of the building . 
 a man , who was obviously in charge of the event for the undertaker , got out of the front passenger seat , and came across to danny . 
 `` mr nolan ? 
 good morning . 
 indeed a sad day for you , my condolences . 
 we will take out the coffin , and then we have four bearers with us , and you will follow the coffin first . 
 when we put the coffin on the altar , can you sit in the front pew on the right hand side of the chapel ? 
 `` after the service , a curtain will be drawn round the coffin . 
 the mourners then file out . 
 the other mourners will wait , and you will lead . 
 if you wish , you can stand at the outer door , and greet people . '' 
 `` if there are any , '' mumbled danny , and waited whilst they unloaded the coffin . 
 the service lasted twenty-three minutes . 
 he timed it . 
 when the service finished and the curtains drew dramatically round the coffin , the music changed , upping tempo somewhat , and danny rose from his pew , turned round and made his way out of the chapel , followed by the undertakers . 
 he was amazed to see that there were about twenty mourners other than himself , mostly men of about jimmy 's age . 
 when he got to the doors of the chapel , he stood back , ready to shake hands with the other mourners , who were trickling towards the bright daylight . 
 it transpired that most of the mourners were jimmy 's police colleagues , including a smattering of civilian staff . 
 danny felt it would be polite to invite some people back to his hotel for an impromptu wake . 
 he mentioned it to the first person that stopped to speak to him , a burly six footer , with dark curly hair he said that was very civil of danny , and if he wanted , he would round up jimmy 's close friends , and they would meet him in the bar . 
 danny extricated himself as soon as he politely could , and drove back to the hotel , where he arranged with the duty manager , a buffet menu complete with drinks . 
 the manager suggested they might like to use one of the private rooms for the food , and they could carry on drinking there for as long as they liked . 
 danny approved , paid a hefty deposit , and chose a standard buffet , which would be ready in forty-five minutes . 
 when he got back into the bar , he saw a largish group , some of whom he recognised from the service . 
 they were standing at the bar , and he could see that they had already started drinking . 
 the tall man was in the centre of the crowd , an obvious popular organizer . 
 danny caught his eye , and explained the arrangements . 
 harry , the tall man called the group to order , and suggested they have one more drink here before departing to the private room . 
 then harry forced his way through to the bar , and bought danny a pint of bitter . 
 once they were in the private room , danny was impressed that the management had supplied a waitress from whom the guests could order drinks . 
 the noise grew , with laughter and banter . 
 danny knew that this was going to be a long day . 
 late in the afternoon , he found himself sitting in a corner with harry , who was recounting scurrilous tales of the police force . 
 after a long pause in conversation , when harry had finished off the dregs of another pint , he said : `` danny , tell me , did jimmy know this murphy fellow , who pulled the bullion robbery ? '' 
 `` we all knew him , in belfast , when we were kids . 
 jimmy was my little brother , five years younger than the rest of us , but he liked to hang out with us . 
 eamonn murphy was his protector , if there was any bullying , and i did n't happen to be around . '' 
 `` some fucking protector , shooting jimmy in the head , '' said harry . 
 `` what i ca n't understand is why he was on duty . 
 he was an inspector , not a fucking constable . 
 it makes me suspicious , him pulling that job , when he was a mate of the villain . 
 but i wo n't say anything , now he 's dead . '' 
 `` you think he was aiding and abetting you mean ? '' 
 said danny . 
 by now , he was not thinking very clearly . 
 `` i 've said too much already , '' said harry . 
 `` forget i even spoke . '' 
 and then he said , `` they 've already put a plaque up in the lobby at headquarters , in jimmy 's honour . 
 it says , ` inspector james nolan 1958 to 2013 . 
 died whilst upholding the law . 
 that 's a nice tribute . '' 
 danny looked round the room . 
 they were the only two left , and harry was snoring . 
 perhaps he had been asleep himself . 
 he poked harry in the ribs . 
 `` everybody 's gone , '' danny slurred . 
 harry opened his eyes , and looked round the room . 
 `` so they have , '' he said . 
 `` p’raps we should go through to the bar , '' he said , `` and have one for the road . '' 
 when they got into the bar , it was almost empty , too . 
 danny went to the counter and asked for two coffees . 
 when he got back to the table with them , harry stared . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` sober up time , harry . 
 have this and i 'll get the barmaid to call you a taxi . 
 i really do appreciate your organisation . 
 i 'm sure jimmy would have approved . '' 
 they sat , side by side , sipping their coffee . 
 danny said , `` what has happened to murphy . 
 have you caught him yet ? '' 
 harry stared at the bar . 
 `` not yet . 
 the story is that he 's gone to ireland . 
 left last night , that 's what i heard . '' 
 `` i just hope i do n't meet him down a dark lane . '' 
 danny could hardly tell a policeman that he was going to kill murphy , where-ever he was . 
 chapter twenty-seven john -lrb- bobby -rrb- bell , was sitting in front of the television in his dublin home . 
 he had just seen the story unfolding at the belfast ferry terminal . 
 the man jumping off the ferry , there was video footage , maybe recorded on a mobile phone from the ferry deck . 
 the video zoomed in to the man in the water , now grasping a lifebelt . 
 he recognised lefty the bomber , knew he had been with murphy on the platinum heist over the water . 
 he watched the professional footage of the police on the wharf , a major turnout there , he thought , must think the treasure was arriving . 
 he watched film of the search of the truck , the junk off the back , antique tat , the magazines , blowing about the wharf , some landing in the water , and smiled . 
 then the police driving the truck away , putting the driver in the back of a police car , taking him , according to the commentary , to musgrave police station , where lefty had been taken earlier after his rescue from the water . 
 bobby bell picked up one of a series of mobiles he owned . 
 they were all pay-as-you - go , meaning that nobody would be intercepting calls . 
 his landline was used only by himself , if he was arranging golf matches . 
 he looked in his laptop index for a belfast number , and dialled . 
 `` eddie , its bobby bell . 
 did you see the fun and games at the ferry terminal ? 
 the police have taken a couple of guys to musgrave . 
 i would doubt they could charge them if they keep their mouths shut . 
 but they 'll probably ask for a lawyer from the dscc . 
 can you arrange to be the one that goes ? 
 if you can there 's a couple of grand in it for you . 
 i need to know something , and you might get them to tell you . 
 they were involved in the bullion robbery in cheshire yesterday . 
 they must know what murphy did with the van , because they were seen with him before they boarded the ferry in liverpool . 
 if you promise them you 'll get them out without a charge , they may tell you where he 's hidden it . 
 they absolutely must know , because they picked him up . 
 one of the guys is lefty the bomber . 
 i do n't know his friend . '' 
 `` make it three grand and you 've got a deal . 
 i have to sweeten the guy who was picked to go . 
 he loses a fee . '' 
 `` you could give him your fee , but yes , okay . 
 i want you to phone me as soon as you 're done . 
 pay-as-you-go mobile . 
 got a pen ? '' 
 he proceeded to give him the number , terminated the call . 
 he sat back in his chair , pondering . 
 if he got someone over to pick up the van , it would save him a couple of million , surely . 
 murphy left with nothing to trade . 
 bobby bell was the biggest crook in ireland , but never got his fingers dirty , personally . 
 only dealt in straight crime , that 's what he thought to himself . 
 no drugs , no prostitution , in fact no sex crime . 
 the police knew he was a criminal , but they could n't prove it . 
 so they just watched from afar . 
 one day , they hoped , he would stumble . 
 eddie was shown into the cubicle where lefty and ned had been interrogated . 
 a police constable opened the door from the inside . 
 eddie gave him a business card . 
 the constable , said , i 'll just wait outside , give me a shout when you 're done . '' 
 eddie pulled up a chair sat down at the table with the two men . 
 `` you 've not been charged , yet ? '' 
 they both shook their heads . 
 `` have you told them anything incriminating ? '' 
 lefty spoke . 
 `` we 've done nothing wrong , really . 
 well , i fell off the ferry , with the shock of seeing all them cops . '' 
 eddie smiled knowingly . 
 `` but all we was doing was a favour for eamonn murphy , bringing his truck over , and we was coming over anyway . '' 
 `` have they questioned you about the robbery yesterday , in cheshire , which , allegedly involved mr murphy . '' 
 `` they asked about that , told them we did n't know what they meant , did n't know what murphy was doing . '' 
 `` okay , '' said eddie . 
 `` now , if you can tell me what murphy did with his white van , where he left it , when you picked him up , allegedly ? '' 
 `` why do you want to know ? 
 maybe we did n't pick him up . 
 or if we did , maybe he was thumbing a lift . '' 
 `` come on , lefty , you were driving murphy 's own vehicle , for god 's sake . 
 come on , tell me , and we can have you out of here in time for a pint across the road before dinnertime , and no charges laid , and you both smelling as sweet as roses . '' 
 `` okay , '' said lefty reluctantly . 
 `` he asked us to meet him at a lockup he has . 
 he gave us directions . '' 
 `` well , what where the directions he gave you ? '' 
 `` from where we were , these are the directions . '' 
 he pulled a grimy piece of paper from one of his shoes . 
 `` do n't know why i kept this . '' 
 he passed it to eddie , who looked at it . 
 a lined page from a notebook , the kind they called shorthand books , in the time before computers . 
 it said , 3rd left , 2nd right , whitehouse road . 
 farmhouse track on left . 
 `` not so useful if you do n't know where the instructions start from , '' commented eddie . 
 `` i could show you if you 've a map of cheshire , '' said lefty . 
 `` was it from where you were working ? '' 
 lefty paused , looked at the ceiling . 
 `` you do n't catch me like that , '' he said . 
 christ , these bloody crooks never trusted anyone . 
 `` did he leave the van at the lockup ? '' 
 asked eddie . 
 `` inside it . 
 covered in a dustsheet , plates changed . '' 
 eddie stood up , went over to the door , called the constable over . 
 `` i 'm ready to talk to your detective now . '' 
 the detective sergeant was sent for , eddie introduced himself . 
 `` as far as i can see , you 've nothing to hold my clients here . 
 i assume that you are not charging them , right ? 
 all they have done is drive a truck over on the ferry , a truck that i understand belongs to a mr. murphy , and they were driving it with his express permission , to deliver it to an antique dealer in belfast here . 
 there were no illegal substances , or stolen property found when you carried out a thorough search at the ferry terminal . 
 admittedly one of my clients fell off the ferry before it docked , which was careless . '' 
 `` it 's what they were doing when they were over the water . 
 that is what i want to know . '' 
 `` you ca n't hold them unless you have some evidence , and that 's what you are very short of . 
 in that case if you 'll return any of my clients ' belongings , we 'll be going . '' 
 `` aye , '' the sergeant turned to lefty and ned , `` but i 'll get you yet . '' 
 `` that is threatening talk , sergeant , '' said eddie , leading the way through the door . 
 across the road , in the pub , he bought them each a pint , and bade them good day . 
 he kept the piece of paper off the notebook , to remind him to report back to bobby bell . 
 when eddie got home , he took the note out of his pocket , scanned it on to his computer , attached it to an email , and sent it to bobby . 
 then he got on the phone , put in the number of bobby 's mobile . 
 `` eddie here , bobby . 
 look at your emails will you ? 
 yes , now while i wait . '' 
 `` you mean the one with the scrap of paper , as an attachment ? 
 so what 's it mean ? 
 `` the direction to the hidden treasure . 
 from the position where our boys got the action going yesterday , you understand ? 
 with a road atlas of cheshire should be no problem . '' 
 `` think i might send the boys themselves back . 
 i 'm just mulling it over . 
 thanks a lot . 
 you know where to collect the envelope with your thank you . '' 
 bobby spent some time running scenarios through his mind . 
 it would serve murphy right for cocking the job up , if he got the bullion anyway , right from under his nose . 
 save another two million , nearly , that murphy was relying on . 
 chapter twenty-eight the rap on the door woke murphy . 
 without waiting for a reply , jimmy brown was in his bedroom . 
 murphy had been dozing on top of the bedspread . 
 `` the old lady is getting a huff on , wondering if you 'll be going soon . '' 
 the old lady was jimmy 's wife , or partner maybe . 
 she was slovenly , as ugly as sin , to murphy 's mind , and a nag into the bargain . 
 why jimmy had n't cleared off years ago , murphy did n't know , unless the reason was because the house , such as it was , belonged to her . 
 `` yes , jimmy , i 'll be off this morning , as soon as the streets are aired . '' 
 it was only seven a.m. , and murphy had not had a very good night . 
 everything had gone wrong yesterday . 
 `` jimmy , lend me a pair of scissors , okay ? '' 
 when jimmy had brought the scissors , murphy ruthlessly cut all his hair as short as he could , looking in the mirror in the bedroom . 
 next , he moved to the bathroom . 
 jimmy 's electric shaver was on the window sill . 
 he used the trimming attachment on the razor , to remove the remaining hair . 
 he left the stubble on his face , returned to the bedroom , pinching a couple of handkerchiefs out of jimmy 's chest of drawers , which stood on the little landing . 
 tearing one handkerchief in two , and wetting the halves , which meant a trip back to the bathroom , he stuffed them into his cheeks . 
 this had the effect of plumping up his face , getting rid of the gaunt look . 
 it was uncomfortable , but he could manage . 
 talking might be a bit difficult . 
 perhaps people would think he 'd had a stroke . 
 on the telly last night , which he 'd watched with jimmy , they had an old photo of him , taken twenty years ago , a prison photograph . 
 the announcer had said that he now was hollow cheeked , and had long straggly hair . 
 he thought jimmy was secretly impressed that murphy was a famous criminal . 
 he needed something else from jimmy , and then he would leave . 
 downstairs , he found jimmy in the kitchen , eating a bowl of cornflakes . 
 `` hey , jimmy , would you have an old pair of sunglasses i could have ? 
 as a disguise , you know . '' 
 `` it 's a terrible day out . 
 if you wear sunglasses , everybody will know you 're disguised . '' 
 `` i 'm going to take the lenses out , and people will think they 're ordinary specs . '' 
 grumbling , jimmy left his cornflakes , and started to rummage in kitchen drawers . 
 with a cry of triumph , he pulled out a pair of old black-framed sunglasses . 
 `` they look just the thing , '' said murphy . 
 while jimmy went back to his cornflakes , murphy , using the prongs of a fork , managed to dislodge both lenses , and put the frame on his nose . 
 `` what about that , then ? 
 makes me look distinguished , eh ? '' 
 `` makes you look like groucho marx , is what . '' 
 `` well better than eamonn murphy . 
 i 'm going now , jimmy . 
 thanks for giving me a bed for the night . '' 
 murphy walked down the terrace to the main road , remembered there was a pound shop not very far up the road . 
 he 'd walked past it last night . 
 once inside the shop , he picked out a baseball cap , an overnight bag , a tartan long-sleeved shirt , a pair of blue denims , and a car coat . 
 on the way to the pay desk , he picked up some disposable razors , shaving cream and a toothbrush . 
 as the young woman rang the items through the till , he packed the goods into his holdall , all except the cap , which he put on his head , peak pulled right down . 
 once outside the shop , he glanced both ways , deciding where he would go . 
 he decided to carry on the way he had been going , and eventually , the shops became more rundown , with many empty properties , like bad teeth in an old man 's mouth . 
 there was a small used car lot , fronted by rows of flags strung between light poles , and large red lettered placards on the cars . 
 he could see from the road that they were all old bangers . 
 still , he had to get around . 
 as he expected , the cheapest cars were the largest , because of the petrol consumption , but they were more likely to have been well serviced from new . 
 business cars , rep-mobiles . 
 he walked on to the lot , made for the mondeos , three of them in a row . 
 # 900 each , the notice in the car windows said . 
 he picked the one with slightly more tread on the tyres . 
 while he was looking , a man in a greasy trilby walked out of the shed in the corner of the lot , came up to him . 
 `` you 'll make a fine choice , with any of these three . 
 they 're reliable cars , even with a big mileage . 
 been looked after , you see . '' 
 he paused and sucked his teeth . 
 `` i 'll go and get the keys , if you wait here . '' 
 so murphy waited , watching the traffic on the road . 
 the car lot man was quickly back , with sets of keys , labelled with registration numbers , in his hand . 
 `` which one you want to look at ? '' 
 murphy pointed at the nearest car , painted mid-grey , completely unremarkable . 
 `` what 's the mileage ? '' 
 the guy unlocked the door pointed at the fascia . 
 79,560 miles , murphy saw . 
 he got into the driver seat , fired up the engine , revved it up , looking through the rear - view mirror as he did so . 
 grey smoke obscured the view . 
 `` it 's burning more oil than petrol , probably . '' 
 although murphy knew that once the engine was warmed up , it would n't look so bad . 
 `` when is it mot 'd until ? '' 
 he said . 
 there were a couple of months on the tax disc , he 'd seen before he climbed in . 
 `` we can have a look at the papers back in the office . '' 
 murphy thought he should have said shed . . 
 he walked to the shed alongside the man , a guy older than him , with a bad cough . 
 he had a cigarette burning in his hand . 
 he held the door open for murphy to go first , then went round his desk and sat down . 
 he waved murphy to the visitor chair , an old bentwood dining chair . 
 the desk was full of papers , layered with dust . 
 there was a huge ashtray overflowing with stubs . 
 the man coughed again , rummaged in the desk drawer , took out a sheaf of papers , sorted through them until he came to the ford mondeo , glancing at the keys , to make sure he had the right ones . 
 `` you 're paying cash , '' he said quickly . 
 `` that 's right , but not # 900 , it 's too much . 
 i thought # 350 . '' 
 `` fuck me , i paid more than that . '' 
 `` then you paid too much . 
 but i 'm taking pity on you , and i 'll give you # 400 . '' 
 murphy reached in his pocket , pulled out some notes , to make the point . 
 he saw the man look greedily at the cash . 
 he must have had a bad week . 
 `` aye , i 'll do the deal '' , he said , reaching out for the money . 
 murphy drove the car out of the lot . 
 he was surprised to see that the tank showed half full . 
 he stopped at the nearest filling station , and put six gallons in the tank . 
 when he drove out again , the gauge still showed half full . 
 as he drove towards port sunlight , murphy thought about the van , still in his lockup . 
 it had suddenly occurred to him that lefty and ned knew it was there , and full of bullion . 
 that was dangerous . 
 he ought to unload it , hide the bullion somewhere else . 
 he ought to phone bobby bell anyway , because he would have been expecting delivery today . 
 and that was not going to happen . 
 so , he needed a pay-as-you-go phone . 
 good job he had bobby 's number somewhere in his wallet . 
 he was on the birkenhead outskirts now , coming up to a retail park . 
 he drove into it , parked , and got out to look for a phone shop . 
 fifteen minutes later , he was back in the car , and phoning bobby . 
 `` hey bobby , it 's sly fox calling you . '' 
 `` i 've been expecting you . 
 give me your number , i 'll phone you back . 
 better be a pay - as-you-go , or i wo n't bother . '' 
 `` it is . 
 he read out the number , finished the call , and sat back to wait , twiddling the handset . 
 almost immediately the phone was ringing , and murphy answered . 
 `` eamonn , bobby here . 
 glad you phoned . 
 shows honesty . 
 what a fuckup this end . 
 did you know ? '' 
 `` know what ? '' 
 `` the police were out in force on the wharf , when the ferry docked . 
 your man lefty , jumped into the water when he saw the police , and the ship was still in the middle of the lough when that happened . 
 could n't swim , apparently . 
 was saved by an artist called mcbride , they are saying on the telly . '' 
 murphy groaned . 
 `` that bloke mcbride is haunting me , '' he muttered . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` well , lefty was helicoptered to hospital , and from there to musgrave station , to be joined by the other fellow . 
 it was great to see the police searching your truck , once we knew there was nothing of value in it . 
 the police were truly pissed off . 
 they 've still got the truck , i think , but they let the boys go , through lack of evidence . '' 
 murphy looked at his watch . 
 only twelve o’clock , and so much had happened over there . 
 `` why i phoned you , bobby , was to ask you something . 
 things could have gone much better at this end . 
 i wonder if you can collect your purchase in england ? '' 
 there was a long pause and murphy was just about to ask if he was still there . 
 `` eamonn , you really do disappoint me . 
 fence means you bring me things , and i give you money for them . 
 if i come to you , i might as well do the whole fucking thing myself . 
 in which case , you would be redundant , see ? 
 well , if i have any ideas , i 've got your number . 
 bye . '' 
 not such a good call , thought murphy . 
 anyway , first priority was to make sure the bullion stayed with him . 
 he drove out of the retail park , and saw , on the opposite side of the main road , a huge yellow warehouse . 
 the big yellow box , a sign declared . 
 secure storage said another . 
 complete anonymity said a third . 
 a mesh fence topped with razor wire surrounded the building . 
 the pair of main gates were wide open , so murphy drove in . 
 there was car parking adjacent to reception . 
 he entered the office , manned by a guy in security uniform . 
 `` hello , '' said murphy , `` i can hire storage here ? 
 how does it work ? '' 
 `` well , you hire a room , or even just a locker , depends how much you need to store . 
 you can access you storage twelve hours a day , you provide your own padlock , only you have the key . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' said murphy , warming to the idea . 
 `` how much is a room , say eight by six ? '' 
 `` thirty pounds a week , minimum 2 months . '' 
 `` you want the cash now ? '' 
 `` yes , you have to pay up front , but the first payment has to be by credit card , to prove who you are , you know . 
 do n't want robbers hiring space , eh ? '' 
 the man smiled . 
 murphy was going off the idea very rapidly . 
 `` well , i 'll be back with my stuff . '' 
 murphy walked out to his car . 
 always some fucking problem . 
 he could n't use the big yellow box , so what did he do ? 
 often in the olden days , and sometimes nowadays , people buried treasure they wanted to hide . 
 but it takes a lot of effort to bury a quarter of a ton of platinum . 
 and where to bury it , was another problem . 
 perhaps he should put it into the ford mondeo , but if he put it all in the trunk of the car , the damn thing would be off the front wheels . 
 like keeping three good size men 's bodies there . 
 murphy tended to convert weights in this way . 
 a way that might fool the people looking for his loot was to hide it almost in view . 
 murphy rented three lockups in the farmyard , they were so damn cheap . 
 if he just took the bullion out of the van , and moved it to an adjacent lockup , who would think of that ? 
 it might work , and it was only for a maximum of a few days . 
 if he had n't got rid of it by then , he was in trouble . 
 murphy decided to go for it , and pointed the car to get him to that part of cheshire . 
 it was 6pm before he got there , after stopping off to get yet more petrol , and a sandwich . 
 he was getting paranoid about petrol . 
 he arrived at the lockup , and the place was quiet . 
 as he got out of his vehicle , he heard birds singing in the trees , above the slight rustle of the branches in the breeze . 
 he could be the last person on earth . 
 he opened the padlock on the lockup containing the van . 
 it seemed like longer than yesterday , when he had brought it here , sweating in panic , shouting at lefty and ned . 
 and , both of them knew the secret of where the bullion was hidden . 
 he had arrived back not a minute too soon . 
 he flicked on the light , got into the van , the keys still in the ignition . 
 he drove it into the yard , got out and opened the next but one lockup , the one with the rusty padlock . 
 he was careful to leave no trace of his tampering . 
 there was no electricity in the unit , and with difficulty , he reversed just into the darkness . 
 he got out of the vehicle , went round to the van 's rear doors , opened them , and started unloading the bullion , placing the boxes in a stack , off to one side . 
 there were no other items stored in here . 
 the whitish boxes stood in a forlorn pile in the dimness . 
 he finished the job in about fifteen minutes , puffing slightly , as he wiped his hands on his handkerchief . 
 he left the pallet still in the van , closed the doors . 
 he pulled the van out of the unit , carefully locked the unit up again , and then replaced the van exactly where it was originally , parked in the back of the lockup with the shiny padlock . 
 he even replaced the dustsheet to hide it . 
 now murphy walked jauntily to his car , and thought he had earned a night 's rest . 
 he would look for a small b&b that took lorry drivers . 
 and then he would cautiously contact potential customers . 
 chapter twenty-nine bobby phoned lefty . 
 lefty , he learned , was still in the pub where bobby 's solicitor had left him , and he was still with ned . 
 `` do you two men want a lucrative job . 
 earn you some good money ? '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 asked lefty , suspiciously . 
 `` going back to england , and having a look at murphy 's lockup where he left the van . 
 you can remember where it is ca n't you ? 
 then you look to check that the van is still full of the bullion . 
 then you phone me , and we 'll take it from there . '' 
 `` we 're not going back on that bloody ferry are we ? '' 
 `` oh , no , no , no . 
 you 'll fly to manchester , then hire a car from there . 
 if the goods are still in the lockup , we 'll talk on the phone about getting them out . 
 it wo n't be to belfast , i can promise you that . '' 
 *** mcbride and miller landed at liverpool , mcbride , still damp . 
 it was already four o’clock . 
 they took a taxi from the airport down to the ferry terminal to pick up mcbride 's car . 
 from there they returned to the industrial estate where miller 's car had been left by the side of the road . 
 then they drove in convoy to the manor hotel . 
 at reception , mcbride was handed an envelope as well as his key , and when he stood back waiting for miller to get his own key , he slit open the envelope . 
 there was a single sheet of hotel notepaper from helen , hoping he was safe , and since she was booking out , she hoped he would get in touch once he had stopped playing detective . 
 pinned to the notepaper was her business card . 
 miller got his key , turned away from reception . 
 he nodded at the envelope . 
 `` not bad news , i hope ? '' 
 `` no , it 's from helen , leaving me her address . '' 
 miller grinned . 
 `` you 've scored , there . '' 
 `` i fancy having a long lazy dinner at the hotel tonight . 
 we could invite my agent , you know , ian smith ? 
 or rather , you do n't know , do you ? 
 he 's a great guy . 
 he knows how this business started -- it was his gallery that was burnt down . 
 i 'll give him a call . '' 
 at eight o’clock , mcbride and miller were seated in the bar with smith , drinking beers and perusing menus . 
 smith said , `` it 's caused a stir in the village , all this murphy business . 
 and now he 's on the run . '' 
 miller smiled . 
 `` we saw him yesterday afternoon , in liverpool . 
 we thought he was catching the belfast boat . 
 it was a bit embarrassing for me , actually . 
 you see , we thought he was on the boat with his mates , and i had the boat met in belfast by a lot of policemen , and murphy had n't boarded , the little scamp . '' 
 `` so , where is he now ? '' 
 asked smith . 
 `` that is the multi-million pound question , '' said mcbride . 
 `` shall i choose the wine , a bottle of red and one of white , to kick off ? '' 
 `` we are sure that he 's not disposed of the haul . 
 so we watch and wait , '' said miller smith said : `` surely murphy did n't carry out the job without knowing where he was getting cash for his haul ? '' 
 `` that 's what we thought , '' said mcbride , `` but the way he operated , who knows ? 
 he is bloody lucky to have got away so far . '' 
 `` my wife was worried about murphy 's wife , '' said smith , `` she needs nursing . 
 got alzheimer 's you know , but we heard in the village that he got her into a nursing home only a couple of days ago . 
 and arranged for the house to be put into her name , and sold to pay the fees . 
 clearing the decks , so to speak . 
 at least he has some compassion . '' 
 `` apart from killing four people in the heist yesterday . 
 five if you include the guy who set fire to the gallery , when he became an embarrassment to him . 
 and he even shot the copper who was in the job with him . 
 amazing . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 yes , a bad choice of words on my part , '' said smith , draining his glass , and looking round to see if a waiter would bring him some more . 
 mcbride turned to ian . 
 `` that reminds me , the guy who set fire to your gallery is buried in murphy 's back garden , to the left of the outbuildings . 
 would you tell the local constabulary ? 
 tell them someone rang you up , did n't give a name . '' 
 `` my god . 
 of course i 'll do that . '' 
 once his glass was replenished , and the waiter had taken the meal orders , smith said , `` so , does this wrap it up for your investigation ? 
 having lost murphy ? 
 is it back to the easel for you , john ? '' 
 `` we 've only been looking at the case for a few days . 
 we 'll snoop around some more , but it is up to the police , now . 
 when inspector nolan was still alive , he could draw official attention away from murphy , and give him a bit of inside information , so it was silly to kill him . '' 
 the waiter came back to lead them to their table . 
 chapter thirty lefty and ned were back at manchester airport by seven o’clock , and hiring a rental car a few minutes later . 
 `` christ , it 's all go , ned , '' said lefty as they sped away from the airport . 
 `` there 's a cheap map , there in the glove compartment . 
 `` can you read a map ? '' 
 ned nodded . 
 `` of course i can . 
 i passed my geography exam at school . '' 
 he peered for some time at the map . 
 `` get on to the m56 westbound . '' 
 lefty was very impressed . 
 he could just get on with the driving . 
 it was still light when they arrived at the lockup . 
 lefty swung the car round in a circle . 
 if murphy arrived , they would need to make a smart exit . 
 he felt very uneasy , because murphy always had a gun with him . 
 they had just been on a plane , and you do n't take guns with you there . 
 `` ned , just look in the toolkit in the boot , see if there 's something long , say the jack handle , that we can use to get the padlock off . 
 and listen very carefully . 
 if you hear a car , we 'd better scarper into the woods . '' 
 ned got the jack handle , brought it over to where lefty was standing by the door with the shiny padlock . 
 `` jesus , look at this , it 's not locked . 
 the padlock just opens . '' 
 whether it was an error on murphy 's part or not , lefty was pleased , lifted it clear of the staple , and cautiously opened the door , putting his arm round the wall whilst keeping his body against the wall , in case it was a trap . 
 nothing happened , and the interior was now lit by the large overhead bulb . 
 they walked in , made for the van , went round to the back , and opened the rear doors , which were surprisingly not locked . 
 lefty knew that it would be empty before his own eyes confirmed it . 
 `` come on , run , '' he said , `` we need to get away . 
 do n't lock it up just get into the car . '' 
 they both sped for the rental car , quickly getting into it , and slamming the doors . 
 lefty had the engine turning and accelerated away , almost before ned had his door closed . 
 they rocketed down the track and on to the public road before lefty eased up , and began to drive sedately , not wanting to draw attention to their car . 
 some miles away , on a major road , they pulled into a transport cafe car park . 
 lefty used his pay-as-you-go phone to make a call to bobby to give him the news . 
 bobby told them to return to manchester airport , and get the next plane to belfast . 
 he would make sure they were paid . 
 bobby bell switched off his mobile . 
 well , he thought , it was worth a try . 
 now , he could n't cut out murphy . 
 no-one else knew where the bullion was . 
 he already had the reserve plan thought out . 
 he would use the motor yacht . 
 he went into his study , pulled out a book of tide tables from his desk , and studied it for a while . 
 if he could boost murphy into action , he could pick him up tomorrow night . 
 there was a high tide at 11pm at preston , so it would n't be much different off the wirral . 
 he knew from previously sailing in that area , that there was an anchorage off hoylake . 
 you could get a vehicle on the beach there , or even across the golf course . 
 it would mean contacting gerry tonight , warn him they would need the boat . 
 better start with him , and then contact murphy next . 
 without wasting more time , bobby keyed in the number . 
 gerry , over on the isle of man , picked up the call . 
 `` gerry bell here . '' 
 `` gerry it 's bobby . 
 how are things ? '' 
 `` busy . 
 since its summer , it would be bad if it was n't . '' 
 `` do you think you could fit in a voyage ? 
 be a couple of days before we 're finished . '' 
 `` starting when ? '' 
 `` well this is only provisional , but subject to confirmation , i would want to be at anchor off the wirral at high tide tomorrow night , that 's about 11o ' clock . 
 then take a small cargo aboard , and a man . 
 then go to anchor off ireland , just below dublin . 
 wait until its dark , then unload the cargo . 
 someone will be waiting to come out in a dinghy . 
 we might drop the fellow off there , if he wants . 
 if he does n't he 'll accompany us back to douglas . '' 
 `` that will be a pleasant change for me . 
 you 'll join us in douglas , i suppose . '' 
 `` yes , i 'd fly out in the morning , or tonight if i can get a plane . '' 
 `` no . 
 the airport will be closed already . 
 come in the morning we would n't need to sail before , say four in the afternoon . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll get back to you . 
 can you get young darren as crew , do you think ? '' 
 `` i 'll have checked by the time you ring me back . 
 we might need some more fuel . 
 i 'll check what 's aboard , and work out what we need . '' 
 `` okay gerry , i 'll phone you hopefully this evening . 
 look after yourself . '' 
 bobby looked up murphy 's phone number that he been given that morning . 
 he had written it in his notebook . 
 he dialled , and it rang for twenty or thirty seconds before it was picked up . 
 it sounded as though murphy had been asleep . 
 his voice was slurred . 
 `` bobby here , eamonn . 
 i 've been thinking about our conversation this morning . 
 i can see you 're a bit stuck over there , the heat must be on . '' 
 `` not necessarily , i was just thinking of ways to get the cargo to you . 
 there are several options . 
 i 've just got to decide on the best way . '' 
 that murphy , always full of blarney , thought bobby . 
 `` i need a bit of speed myself , and i 'm sure you do . 
 you must have people to pay , and so on . 
 `` i 'm being pushed by my customer . 
 we both need to get this job put to bed . 
 `` listen to what i 'm proposing : i get my motor yacht off the wirral , tomorrow night at high tide , that 's about eleven , give or take . 
 we can signal , you use headlights , i use the spotlight on the boat . 
 that 's all crap that can be sorted out . 
 when i get your signal that you 're on the shore , we put out a boat , and collect you and the cargo . 
 then we sail over to ireland we anchor off the coast not far south from dublin , to unload . 
 you can go ashore there . 
 or , if you prefer , you can go to douglas . '' 
 `` and when do i get paid ? '' 
 murphy demanded . 
 `` when the customer collects the goods from my boat , that is when you get paid . 
 i 'll need an extra percentage for the use of the boat . 
 there 's crew to pay , and the fuel -- you might be surprised , that alone will come to about four thousand quid . 
 she uses about 250 litres of diesel an hour . 
 but it 's cheaper than car diesel , less duty and tax to pay . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll go along with it . 
 whereabouts are you going to be on the wirral ? '' 
 `` well , at hoylake , you can get a vehicle on to the beach , or , if you prefer , just south of the golf course . 
 you could even drive across the course itself in the dark , if you are feeling devilish , putting deep ruts in the greens . 
 and digging your car out of the bunkers , maybe . 
 `` anyway , i 'll be anchoring off hoylake . 
 so that 's where you want to be training your headlights . 
 at hilbre island , that 's the biggest of the three . 
 do double flashes , on , off and on and off again . 
 if i pick the signal up , i give you the same signal back . 
 then we launch a rigid inflatable , with outboard , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , okay '' `` if there 's any trouble on shore , give three long flashes . 
 then we 'll wait without sending the boat . 
 if the trouble goes away , you can signal again as at first . 
 we can stay until dawn , if necessary . 
 take this as definite , unless you here from me again , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , okay , '' said murphy . 
 `` oh , and by the way eamonn , watch how you drive to hoylake . 
 they 're crazy drivers on the wirral . 
 all the roads are pasted with notices , telling you how many people they 've killed last month . 
 we do n't want the bullion distributed across some road there . 
 goodnight '' and bobby had cut the connection . 
 `` pompous prat , '' muttered murphy . 
 bell looked again at his telephone index , dialled an international number . 
 `` bobby bell here . 
 the delivery we talked about is fixed up . 
 we collect by boat tomorrow night , and then sail to the rendezvous . 
 i reckon we wo n't be there until maybe midday , that 's the day after tomorrow . 
 we can anchor in the bay , wait there until nightfall . 
 you could collect in the dark , or during daylight in the evening . 
 make sure the money is deposited in the joint account . '' 
 he listened to the other man . 
 `` four point five million , yes . 
 sterling . 
 when we hand over the goods , you give us an envelope with your password in it , and a case with one point two million in cash , sterling . '' 
 after listening to the phone for a while , he finished the call . 
 the money for bobby bell would be deposited in an offshore account that they had set up . 
 the account needed two passwords before the money could be transferred . 
 bobby had his own password , and when he got the envelope , he would have the second password , and be the only person that could transfer the cash . 
 watertight system . 
 he only had to phone his young brother back , and the arrangements would be complete . 
 except , maybe , for booking a flight . 
 he could do that on the net . 
 `` hi gerry , bobby again . 
 it 's all arranged . 
 we 've got to be anchored off hoylake tomorrow night , eleven pm . 
 then across to just south of dublin . 
 stay there until dark . 
 then back to douglas again . 
 is that okay with you ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's what i reckoned . 
 there 's about 1200 litres in the tanks now , so we 'd need about another 6,000 to be safe . 
 i can fuel tomorrow morning . 
 i 've spoken to darren , and he 's free . 
 he expects to be paid the usual . 
 what time do we see you tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i have n't booked the flight yet , that 's my next job . 
 what time 's the first flight in , do you know ? '' 
 `` yes , there 's a flight at 08:55 , it gets in about 09:50 . 
 aer lingus . 
 i 'll buy you lunch . 
 do you want me to pick you up from the airport ? '' 
 `` no gerry . 
 i 'll get a cab . 
 i 'll see you at the chandlery , okay ? '' 
 `` yes sure . 
 now i 'll get darren fixed up . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 chapter thirty-one mcbride woke with a splitting headache . 
 they had consumed several bottles of wine . 
 that always happened when he had dinner with ian smith . 
 still , it had been quite a jolly evening , and he had slept well afterwards . 
 he got down to the restaurant before service stopped at eleven , but it was a close call . 
 he spotted dusty miller , drinking a cup of coffee . 
 he looked as if he had finished breakfast , unless he had n't had any , of course . 
 `` i 've got a hell of a hangover , '' mcbride announced . 
 `` well , you were really knocking it back by midnight , '' miller observed . 
 `` i 've got some news . 
 been looking at my laptop this morning , and the bug on murphy 's van was activated yesterday about teatime . 
 very briefly . 
 the programme 's got a fix . 
 i think it 's been in a garage , or other building , which is why we did n't get a signal . '' 
 `` you mean murphy took the vehicle out , and then put it back again . '' 
 `` that 's one explanation , '' said miller . 
 `` or he removed the bug . '' 
 `` you 've got the location . 
 shall we go and look ? '' 
 `` if murphy got the van out and put it back , then he 's going to use it soon . 
 but i would n't think it would be during daylight , there 's quite a lot of police activity . 
 but he might wait until tonight . '' 
 `` so we go along when it 's dark ? '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` suits me , '' said mcbride . 
 `` i have to do four paintings for ian smith before i leave . 
 and i have n't started , so if you 've no objection , i 'll get started today . '' 
 he looked at his watch , `` quarter past eleven . 
 i 'll make a start . 
 two of the scenes are very close by , so i 'll get my gear out of the car , and get going . '' 
 `` i 'll walk down with you to your first location , then i 'll do some serious walking for the rest of the day . '' 
 `` if we 're going down to find the van , and even murphy , shall we meet in the bar tonight at around seven ? 
 could have a few sandwiches , and then strike off . '' 
 mcbride got his gear from the car , and the two men walked out of the hotel grounds . 
 mcbride made for the hill overlooking murphy 's house , up by the style , from where he 'd seen the bald headed man chasing the woman in a nightgown . 
 she was murphy 's wife with alzheimer 's , he now realised since talking to ian smith . 
 he set up his easel , and miller said he would watch for a while , if mcbride had no objection . 
 `` none at all . 
 people watch me all the time , and i give painting demonstrations as well . 
 i 'd find it strange if everyone ignored me , '' he grinned . 
 he erected the easel , which unfolded so that the case was on the tripod arrangement with the drawer opening out to mcbride 's side , and the lid tilting up to give him an angled support . 
 mcbride set the angle at a good thirty degrees , giving miller a running commentary , as he had done so many times before for spectators . 
 `` i like to paint at a bigger angle than some do . 
 that makes the paint run better . 
 the faster you paint watercolours , the more fluid , if i can make a pun , the painting looks . 
 there 's nothing as bad as a tight , over-fussy picture . '' 
 whilst he was talking , he was placing his board on the easel . 
 his watercolour paper was bulldog clipped along the top of the board . 
 `` there is no need to wet or stretch the paper before i begin , because i choose to paint on a thickness that wo n't warp , not at the size of this painting , which is only 16 '' x 12 . '' 
 before i paint , i draw the scene with a soft grade pencil . 
 but before i do that , i just wet the paints on my palette , to make them soft and easy to apply . '' 
 he took the palette and opened a jar of water , which he placed in the open drawer in front of him . 
 with a large round brush , he dabbed each paint pan liberally with water . 
 `` now , i will spend about twenty or thirty minutes getting the drawing right . 
 by that time the paints will be just right to apply . '' 
 he was quiet for a few minutes , while he checked the scene , even moving his easel to the right , to get the view as he wanted . 
 `` the trick is to get the scene lined up , so that you can copy size for size the view on to the paper . '' 
 now mcbride had the pencil in his hand , lightly drawing a horizontal line , maybe sixty percent from the bottom of the paper . 
 `` that represents my eye level . 
 all the perspective lines meet on the line . 
 that 's what makes the view realistic , so that the scene that 's below us , down the hill , looks as it should . '' 
 quickly now , he was marking salient features , and expanding the drawing in several areas at once . 
 `` what i do is not only draw the solids , houses for instance , but draw the shapes between the features . 
 it 's the only way to get the proportions right . 
 but do n't forget that i 've had an awful lot of practise . '' 
 as miller watched him , he was amazed to see the view unfold on paper in a way that was undoubtedly better than a photograph . 
 it was a view by an artist , reflecting the artist 's take on the view . 
 `` wow , '' said miller , wish i could do that . '' 
 `` so you can , it just takes years and years of practise , but not everyone wants to invest the time . 
 i happen to know that you play golf a hundred times better than me , but you 've invested more into it . '' 
 he was getting his palette out from behind the easel , and picking a round brush , dipping it in the water . 
 mixed a colour , cobalt blue , with just a touch of cadmium red . 
 `` the red is just to take the brightness off the blue , '' he explained . 
 he now had a liquid runny paint in the palette depression . 
 he filled his brush with colour , and applied it to the paper with confidence ; it went on smoothly , a bead of colour collecting on the lower edge . 
 `` the effect of gravity working for me , '' he explained . 
 quickly he dipped his brush in the paint , and painted further down the picture , the brush sucking up the bead , leaving no marks between the previous brush stroke . 
 diluting his paint with water , he continued , making the paint paler . 
 he turned the board , added more red to the paint mix , started at the horizon , and worked the paint up to join the previous brush strokes . 
 he turned the board back the right way . 
 `` that 's the sky done , '' he said . 
 `` you certainly make it look easy , and so fast . '' 
 `` yes '' said mcbride , `` one and a half hours and twenty years of learning how . '' 
 miller watched until mcbride was putting the finishing touches to his painting . 
 `` looks as if you 've got that one right , '' said miller , `` now i 'll go for my walk . 
 see you tonight . '' 
 mcbride spent a further twenty minutes , mostly just looking at the scene , working out whether he could improve the painting , but very much aware that he could go too far , and spoil it completely . 
 the old adage : stop before you think it 's finished , was always at the front of his mind . 
 he packed his things , and carrying the easel in one hand and his board in the other , he set off through the village , stopping at the pub , and finding it was not too late for his lunch . 
 chapter thirty-two bobby bell had to leave his apartment at six in the morning to catch the plane to douglas . 
 he did n't bother with breakfast , he 'd have time for that when he got to the airport . 
 he 'd managed to make the reservation on line the previous evening , and had produced the electronic boarding pass on his printer . 
 he carried hand luggage only , mainly underwear and shaving gear . 
 he had an extra sweater in his bag . 
 he knew how cold it could be once out at sea . 
 he dressed in jeans , and shirt , roll neck jumper , and carried a thick anorak . 
 he was quite excited to be going on the yacht . 
 he really did n't get time , or the cash recently , to do a lot of sailing . 
 at 250 litres an hour , it was like burning money . 
 at dublin airport , he fed his boarding card through the machine , passed through security , bought a newspaper , and went for coffee and a croissant . 
 he opened the paper , and searched the news columns . 
 there was nothing more about the bullion theft , apart from the fracas in belfast yesterday . 
 there was a photograph of john mcbride , together with one of his paintings . 
 the headline said : artist rescues ferry passenger , with a further picture taken from the deck , showing two heads in the sea , making for the lifebelt . 
 the aircraft was in the air for barely half an hour , before touching down at ronaldsway airport . 
 a little more than ten minutes later , with no baggage to collect , he was in a taxi for the five mile run to the marina . 
 he asked the driver to drop him on the south quay , and walked along until he got a good view of his yacht , standing at the railing , admiring the boat . 
 it was built in 1957 , a 70 ton motor yacht , teak hull and mahogany superstructure . 
 he loved the classic lines , and knew that this was the only boat he would ever want . 
 it was 82 feet long plus the diving platform at the stern , with a beam of 20 feet . 
 on the main deck , from the bows aft , were dining room , galley , wheelhouse , which was raised , and stateroom . 
 there was a large deck , partly roofed over , with open sides . 
 from this deck there was access to the lower deck down the companionway , which was just inside the stateroom , and at the stern , steps down to the diving platform . 
 the lower deck contained crew quarters forward , with bunks for three . 
 there were two double cabins , a bathroom , and aft was the master cabin , with king size bed , and en suite bathroom . 
 all the fittings were of superb quality . 
 the boat had twin gardner diesel engines , and auxiliary generator . 
 the wheelhouse was equipped with ship to shore phone , gps navigation , depth sounder , chart table , and chart cabinet . 
 the whole boat had undergone a full overhaul only two years ago as he watched , he saw his brother gerry come along the pontoon , and go aboard . 
 a few minutes later , darren joined him , casting off before he boarded . 
 gerry slowly reversed out from the pontoon , turned , once he was clear , as if on a sixpence using the bow thruster . 
 he motored across the marina to the fuel pontoon , barely moving . 
 bobby could hear , up here , the burble of the engines . 
 by the time bobby had walked round to the bell chandlery , he saw the boat returning to its berth . 
 gerry bounced into the chandlery barely seconds behind bobby . 
 they both clasped each other 's arms , grinning . 
 gerry , two years younger than bobby , was tanned and slim , looking the picture of health . 
 `` come through , bobby . '' 
 gerry led the way along the chandlery frontage , and through the door to his private apartment . 
 his wife was in the kitchen , stacking dishes into the washer . 
 she seemed pleased to see him . 
 `` come and have a cup of coffee in the garden , we 're going to . '' 
 at five to four , bobby and gerry , collected their luggage , and said goodbye to gerry 's wife . 
 `` have a good voyage , '' she called to them , and stood on the terrace , watching them walk down to the yacht . 
 darren was already on the boat , sitting in a chair on the aft deck , reading a copy of the daily mirror . 
 he jumped up when the men came aboard . 
 gerry said : `` come on , be ready cast off , lift the fenders , and coil the ropes '' `` aye aye , sir , '' said darren with a smile . 
 gerry started the engines , checked that coolant water was circulating , examined the instruments for a moment , and then shouted out of the window `` cast off now '' and watched whilst darren ran along the pontoon , casting off the forward line , and bobby did the same with the aft line . 
 then , with both of them aboard , gerry eased the boat out of its berth . 
 darren and bobby lifted the starboard fenders , and darren then coiled the mooring ropes on the deck . 
 they both entered the big wheelhouse , and watched as the contessa moved slowly through the marina , and then through the outer harbour . 
 once she was out to sea , they felt a slight swell , which gently rolled the boat . 
 `` it was a good forecast , '' said gerry . 
 `` through until the day after next '' `` by which time we should be back , if it all goes according to plan . 
 i need to talk to you , gerry , when we get a minute . '' 
 when douglas was a grey smudge on the horizon , gerry said , `` okay , darren , you take the helm . 
 if any ship comes within quarter of a mile of us , call me , even if it 's going away . 
 keep the same heading . 
 we 'll just be in the stateroom . '' 
 the two men stepped down to the stateroom , leaving the connecting door open , and gerry sat down in a chair near a coffee table . 
 bobby went over to the bar , and got two cans of beer from the fridge , then sat down opposite gerry . 
 `` gerry , this needs saying . 
 what we are going to do is criminal , if we get caught . 
 or it is for me , but you do n't have to do it , if you are worried . 
 we can drop you off , say at liverpool , and pick you up again , when the criminal bit is done . '' 
 `` tell me what the criminal bit is . 
 you do n't take risks , you 've got away with it before now , and look at you , sixty last year ! '' 
 `` what i 'm going to do is pick up murphy , you remember him , and i should think you 've read about his heist in the papers . 
 i 've arrange to pick him up off hoylake , on the wirral . 
 he 'll have the bullion with him . 
 we 're going to take both off with the tender . 
 this is dodgy , if we 're seen while we 're doing this , or if murphy is followed , and he 's not that bright , you 'll remember . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` we sail over to the republic , and anchor just south of dublin , in a small bay there . 
 someone will come out in a dinghy and collect the loot , bringing a bag of cash for murphy . '' 
 `` what about you ? 
 surely you 're not just doing this out of a love for murphy ? '' 
 `` definitely not , i get a lot bigger percentage , but direct into an offshore bank account that we 've arranged jointly . 
 once the money is in the account , only somebody who has both passwords can move it . 
 when they are on board , i check that the cash is in the account , and the men bring me the other password . '' 
 `` bobby , it sounds dodgy . 
 the guys coming aboard know the loot is here , what 's to stop them taking it by force , probably sink the boat for good measure ? '' 
 `` i 've dealt with these guys before , they 're russian businessmen . 
 i was buying guns and selling them to the ira provos , and they were always business-like , and on the ball . 
 if you look in that cupboard over there , '' bobby pointed , `` you 'll see ak47s , so we 'll just be nonchalantly holding one apiece . 
 but for god 's sake be careful , because they 're loaded . 
 be no purpose , otherwise . '' 
 `` so , assuming everything goes okay , you drop murphy off when we unload the bullion ? '' 
 `` if he wants to . 
 otherwise we bring him to the island . 
 but not to douglas , we 'll maybe drop him at castletown , might do the same with darren . 
 give him some taxi money . 
 we do n't know if the police will meet us back in douglas . 
 they might search the boat , if they have had a whiff of it . '' 
 `` so they will find the guns , and maybe some trace of murphy ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm ditching the guns , as soon as the transfer is over . 
 and we go over the boat with a fine toothcomb . 
 i 'll even puncture the tender , and sink that . 
 if somebody has seen it when we collect murphy , we can tell the police it was stolen a couple of weeks ago . '' 
 `` now i can see why you 've got away with it for years , '' gerry smiled , `` count me in . '' 
 chapter thirty-three the belfast to liverpool ferry crossed ahead of them , maybe two miles distant . 
 bobby leaned over the rail watching it . 
 the swell was larger now , as they were distant from the land . 
 but the contessa was a good sea boat , with easy lines , and rode the swell with ease . 
 bobby was at the helm now , darren in the crew accommodation forward , getting a shower . 
 shortly he would prepare a meal for them . 
 he was a competent cook , but no chef . 
 gerry had set the speed at 12 knots , economical with the fuel , and yet timing to get to the anchorage at hoylake at about ten that night . 
 they could have set the autopilot , but gerry preferred a man on watch , because of the multiplicity of ferries crisscrossing the irish sea . 
 so darren prepared a meal , and then took over the helm whilst the other two ate , in the stateroom rather than the dining room , for communication 's sake . 
 and after gerry had eaten , he took the helm , and darren came down to the statement to eat . 
 bobby sat and talked to him , asking whether he was looking for a career at sea ? 
 `` no , '' said darren , `` i like it , but i look after my mum at home , and i 'm happy working in the local pub , got lots of friends and that '' . 
 the journey seemed to last too long , but bobby pulled a paperback out of his overnight bag , and settled down to read . 
 *** miller was eating a sandwich in the hotel bar , when mcbride got back to the hotel with two paintings complete and ready for framing . 
 he left them in his room , and returned to the bar . 
 `` what do you recommend in the sandwich line ? '' 
 mcbride asked miller . 
 `` the rare roast beef was spot on , '' replied miller . 
 `` you get your paintings finished ? '' 
 `` two of them , and two to go , then i 'm ready for home . '' 
 `` depending what happens tonight , eh ? '' 
 `` you mean , we find the treasure , get a reward , and head off into the sunset . '' 
 `` you 're fantasizing again -- you artistic types ! '' 
 `` so what time are we setting off ? '' 
 `` about seven do you think , get there about half eight , that 's my best bet . '' 
 `` okay , we 'll work to that . '' 
 they met at miller 's car , in the hotel car park . 
 both were wearing dark clothing . 
 miller had a torch with him , and slipped the binoculars from the car in his other pocket , as well . 
 they eased out of the hotel grounds , and mcbride studied the road atlas . 
 miller had marked a small circle in black biro on the point the gps had indicated as the van 's position . 
 miller had miscalculated slightly , and mcbride missed a turning on the map , and they had to backtrack . 
 by the time they were in the tiny back road leading up to the old farm , it was twilight . 
 there were headlights ahead , coming towards them down the lane , and miller looked for somewhere that he could pull in , and let the other car pass them . 
 he pulled in tight against the hedgerow , twigs and branches making scratching sounds on the bodywork . 
 `` god , you 'll ruin the car , '' said mcbride . 
 `` better that , than the other bugger running me down . '' 
 and the other car was going too fast for the conditions , and barely managed to miss them , only thousandths of an inch from hitting them . 
 miller was concentrating on waiting for the scrunch of metal tearing metal , but mcbride was trying to see the driver . 
 `` it was murphy , quick turn round , and follow him . '' 
 miller pulled out into the road , in the original direction , looking for somewhere to turn , then he saw a cart track , reversed into it and out again in the direction murphy took . 
 they rocketed down the tiny lane , mcbride hoping to god that they met nothing coming towards them . 
 they reached the end of the lane , a tee junction . 
 `` quick which way ? '' 
 said miller . 
 mcbride made an executive decision . 
 `` right , quick '' miller put his foot on the throttle and they tore up the b-road they had entered . 
 after a minute or two , mcbride said : `` put your headlamps off for just a moment , see if we can see murphy 's beams ahead . '' 
 they both peered into the dark . 
 `` i think so , '' said miller . 
 suddenly they came out of the bends and the road ran straight as far as the headlights could shine . 
 there was some light up ahead , and suddenly they could see flashing blue lights . 
 `` god , slow down , '' shouted mcbride , `` murphy 's been arrested ! '' 
 miller pulled into the side of the road , put his headlights out . 
 about one hundred and fifty yards separated them . 
 they watched murphy climb out of his car , walk forward to the policeman who had emerged from his own car , and now walked back chapter thirty-four murphy looked in his rear view mirror and saw the headlights coming up quickly behind him . 
 suddenly the car had switched on blue flashers , illuminating murphy 's car . 
 murphy was sweating despite the cool night . 
 he could hardly outrun the police car in his shot-up old mondeo . 
 but if he stopped , the police would surely search the car , and find the bullion . 
 in any case , he might well recognise murphy . 
 it took only seconds for all these thoughts to pass through murphy 's mind , and now the police car had pulled out to pass him . 
 murphy saw that only one man was in the car . 
 that , at least was comforting . 
 killing one man was easier than killing two . 
 the police car pulled sharply in front of murphy , causing him to break . 
 a sign in the rear window of the police car said : police stop . 
 murphy pulled to a halt , and opened the driver door , ready to step out . 
 he had read somewhere , that if you stop in your car when a policeman comes to the window it puts you at a disadvantage . 
 or something like that -- psychological twaddle . 
 the policeman put his hat on as he got out of the car , and walked back to murphy 's car . 
 murphy got out , as the man arrived by the door . 
 the policeman was a guy of thirty - five or maybe forty . 
 `` good evening , sir , are you going far ? '' 
 murphy , who had one hand in his pocket , said , `` not very far . 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 the policeman was standing very close , invading murphy 's personal space , an act that infuriated murphy . 
 he had shot men for less . 
 he pulled himself together , and said mildly , `` i have n't been drinking , you know . '' 
 the policeman smiled , `` i know , now . 
 the reason i stopped you is because you have a light out . 
 come with me . '' 
 he made his way to the back of murphy 's ford . 
 he pointed at the nearside , where the red light bulb was out . 
 `` fortunately , it 's the inside light , but can you get it fixed as soon as you get home , sir ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i always check the lights before i set off , so it must have just broken . 
 thank you for pointing it out . '' 
 the policeman smiled , and waved as he made his way back to his car . 
 murphy was shaking when he got back in his own car . 
 mcbride and miller watched both cars move off , and pulled out to continue following murphy . 
 `` i bet murphy is sweating , '' grinned miller , `` it 's a wonder he did n't shoot him . '' 
 chapter thirty-five bobby was in the wheel house with gerry now . 
 it was twilight , the land ahead of them a dark mass , with lights twinkling in the dusk , greater in number where the villages and small towns were situated . 
 gerry had the chart table light on , and was studying the chart for the dee estuary , and then checking the gps , and transferring the point to the chart . 
 bobby could see a line of dots advancing across the chart , in the deep channel . 
 the echo sounder bleeped every twenty-five seconds , the depth showing in green digits . 
 gerry had the conversion switched to feet , never being happy thinking in metres . 
 darren had the wheel . 
 `` about ten seconds , should be when we turn 40 degrees port , darren , '' said gerry , `` turn now . '' 
 he watched the echo sounder , and saw that they were in the anchorage below hilbre island . 
 he noted the gps screen , made the last pencil mark . 
 `` slow ahead , darren . 
 let me take the wheel , now , and go up forward , ready to drop anchor , when i give you a shout . '' 
 the engines ticked over in neutral , and the boat drifted slowly forward . 
 gerry stuck his head through the wheel house window . 
 `` drop anchor , darren . '' 
 he heard the chinking of the anchor chain as it paid itself out under the force of gravity , and the boat came to a halt , pivoting slightly to meet the tide . 
 gerry turned the engines off , switched to the auxiliary generator . 
 he took a last look at the indication of depth below the keel : 39 feet . 
 the boat drew 5 feet . 
 they were at full tide now , or thereabouts . 
 in the next six hours , the water would drop 15 feet , leaving ample margin of safety . 
 theoretically , they should be still afloat here at low water , but he would n't want to risk it . 
 bobby stood at the port rail , scanning the shore , probably now at high tide , 500 yards away . 
 he could see the small waves showing a slight reflection of the shore lights . 
 there were houses facing the coastline , lots of them with lit windows . 
 those were n't the ones to worry about . 
 anybody looking out of those windows would see nothing but their own reflection . 
 but anyone could be looking out through the darkened windows , wondering what they , and murphy , were doing , and maybe coming out to check . 
 then there may be courting couples , though they might be more interested in each other to bother . 
 gerry joined him at the rail . 
 a stiff breeze had blown up in the late afternoon , but now it was abating . 
 there was a strong scent of leaves and grass . 
 bobby realised that it was a smell missing at sea , but one that was immediately welcoming when one approached land . 
 `` nothing happening at the moment , '' bobby remarked . 
 `` we 're early , it 's barely half past nine , '' replied gerry . 
 `` we can stay for at least five more hours . '' 
 almost as he spoke they saw a largish car , headlights on come down the road , driving slowly , as though not sure of the route . 
 the car reached the entrance to the beach , negotiated the ramp successfully , bumped down , with a sound they could hear on the boat , and then its engine died , headlamps went off . 
 there was complete silence , except for the gentle slap of the wavelets against their hull . 
 the car headlights flashed momentarily : on-off , pause ; on - off . 
 the effect was blinding in the near darkness , and bobby was worried that it might attract unwelcome attention . 
 he scanned the coast line on either side of the car , but nothing was visible . 
 there was no movement . 
 `` gerry , give the signal back , '' gerry , climbed on the deck ahead of the wheelhouse , swivelled the spotlight to face the car 's direction , and gave an answering two flashes . 
 there was still no movements on shore . 
 gerry , with darren 's help , had already unshipped the large rigid inflatable off the rear deck roof , and it was lying in the water , off the diving platform , moored to a convenient cleat . 
 bobby said , `` let me go alone . 
 you and darren stay on board . 
 if there 's any trouble , up anchor , and go . 
 it would be silly to involve anyone else . 
 it 's really my risk , and my reward , if it pans out . '' 
 `` it could be dangerous . 
 murphy 's shot a lot of people in his time . '' 
 `` he 's not going to shoot me , gerry . 
 he needs the bullion moving , and he needs to get away himself . 
 if any shooting is going to happen , it will be when he 's on the boat . 
 i want him disarmed once aboard . 
 i 'll grab him , and you can search him . 
 no , better still , unlock the cupboard , and get yourself an ak47 . 
 that will show him we mean business . '' 
 chapter thirty-six bobby pulled the cord to start the outboard . 
 once it was ticking over , he unhitched the painter , and opened the throttle carefully , and steered a course to shore , and to the waiting vehicle . 
 the motor sounded loud to bobby 's ears , but not as loud as he had been expecting . 
 in all his years of unlawfulness , this was the biggest risk he 'd taken . 
 if arrested , he could expect several years in prison , which might mean the rest of his life . 
 fortunately , bobby was a half glass full type , and could n't be depressed for long . 
 it was in the lap of the gods . 
 the journey to shore only took about three minutes , and then the prow was hitting the shingle . 
 quickly he shut down the outboard , lifting it clear of the water , and jumped out into a few inches of water , soaking his deck shoes . 
 he looked around , and saw murphy getting out of his car . 
 `` come on , we ca n't afford to hang about , anyone might come along , '' hissed bobby in a low voice . 
 `` aye , i 'm here . 
 some of the loot is in the boot , some in the back , on the floor . '' 
 murphy lifted the boot lid , reached in and started to unload , placing the small boxes onto the sand . 
 bobby went over , and picked up boxes , transferring them to the inflatable . 
 the boxes were lighter than he had thought they would . 
 but then , they were n't gold , but platinum . 
 between them , they had cleared the boot in a little over five minutes , and murphy , opened the rear door , and started to remove boxes from the car floor . 
 very shortly they had , completed their task . 
 `` let 's get going , '' said murphy , making to climb into the dinghy . 
 `` not so fast . 
 you had better move your car back onto the road . 
 be longer before it 's found . 
 and then you can help me launch the inflatable . '' 
 bobby stood up , and eased his back , which ached slightly with the exertion . 
 meanwhile , murphy got into his car , and made a three point turn , with the lights off , and then when he had lined up with the ramp , turned the lights on , and accelerated on to the road . 
 in that moment when the lights illuminated the road , and the shingle off to the right of the ramp , bobby spotted two figures run to escape the illumination . 
 shit . 
 next thing he was running , chasing the two figures , but they had too good a start on him . 
 as they ran there was a clatter of something falling on to the tarmac surface . 
 bobby , by now giving up the chase , went over to investigate the fallen object , picking it up . 
 a pair of binoculars , with night vision attachment . 
 when he got back to the beach , murphy was back at the dinghy . 
 `` where were you dashing off ? '' 
 `` two people were watching us with night vision glasses . 
 they dropped them as they ran off . 
 come on help to launch the inflatable . '' 
 they took one side each and pushed the boat until it was floating , murphy getting his shoes wet . 
 they clambered in , and bobby started the outboard , and they motored back to the yacht . 
 bobby got out first , holding the painter , and looped it over the cleat . 
 gerry was on the platform , ak47 held in his arms . 
 there was a faint light from the deck lamp , which glinted on the metal . 
 murphy stepped out of the dinghy , and only then looked at gerry . 
 `` we do n't allow guns on board , mr murphy , so if you would hand over your gun to bobby , there will be no trouble . '' 
 he sighed , and drew his gun from his jacket pocket , handed it butt first to bobby , who tossed it into the sea . 
 he then searched murphy , careful to keep from obstructing gerry 's aim . 
 murphy had no more armament . 
 `` that 's not very nice , '' said murphy . 
 `` no , '' said bobby . 
 `` come on unload the inflatable , and stack the goods where i show you . '' 
 he picked one of the boxes from the tender , and murphy did the same . 
 bobby went up the steps to the deck , and placed the first box against the stern rail . 
 `` this way , it will take less unloading . '' 
 gerry returned his gun , locking the cupboard , and then the three of them ran back and forth , until they had emptied the inflatable . 
 `` you want the tender back on the deck roof ? '' 
 gerry said . 
 `` no , we 'll tow it at the moment . 
 we 'll sink it when we get well out to sea . 
 we must get going . 
 life is getting dangerous . '' 
 `` okay , '' said gerry , `` what heading ? '' 
 `` as we arranged , dublin area . 
 can you arrange for darren to take the helm when we get clear of the dee estuary ? 
 he had a sleep this afternoon , so he 'll be fit to stand a shift until say two o’clock . 
 when we 've had a talk , i want you in bed , until two . 
 i 'll just get murphy sorted , and we should be ready to talk . '' 
 bobby led murphy to the lower deck , showed him one of the cabins he could use , and where to shower . 
 he could either turn in for the night , or if he was n't tired , he could come to the upper deck , and they would be in the stateroom , which was through the door next to the aft deck . 
 bobby went straight to the stateroom after leaving murphy . 
 he shouted through to the wheelhouse for his brother . 
 gerry popped his head through the wheelhouse door . 
 `` give me two minutes , and i 'll be with you . '' 
 bobby spent the time getting beers from the bar fridge , and sitting by the coffee table . 
 he looked through the window at the shore . 
 everything seemed quiet at the moment . 
 gerry bustled through . 
 `` the trouble is , we 're too shorthanded to have a passenger with us , bobby . 
 if the weather blows up , you 'll have to give us a hand . '' 
 `` okay , gerry , i ` ll stand my watch . 
 i know you ca n't carry on two-handed . 
 what i want to talk to you about is what happened on shore . 
 we got the tender loaded , and i told murphy to park the car on the road . 
 he could n't attract attention leaving it abandoned on the beach . 
 that 's what he was going to do , would you believe ? 
 any way , he got in the car , did a three point turn on the beach to get up the ramp . 
 as he was doing that , his headlamps caught a movement , over on the road . 
 two guys running away . 
 as they ran , one dropped something on the road . 
 i chased after them , but they had too good a start . 
 but i picked up what they had dropped . '' 
 bobby , reached in his pocket , brought out the night sight binoculars , put them on the coffee table . 
 gerry reached over , picked them up , and looked at them . 
 `` expensive equipment , military standard , but hardly police gear , '' he commented . 
 `` but it does mean we 've been spotted , and they know the boat we 're from . '' 
 `` yes , '' said bobby , `` the markings on the tender . 
 that 's why i want to sink it . 
 then we say that it was stolen about two weeks ago . '' 
 gerry grinned . 
 `` that 's right , i phoned you , and said should we inform the police . 
 and you said , ` that 's a waste of time , they never recover anything ' , did n't you ? '' 
 `` you 've got the message , gerry . 
 but what do you think happens now ? '' 
 `` the police are going to be searching for us . 
 the irish police might patrol their coast , thinking that 's where we heading ; especially after the ferry incident with murphy 's boys . '' 
 `` i think the english police will co-opt the search and rescue choppers , too , and maybe alert ferries , as well . '' 
 `` do n't worry too much , bobby , the sea 's a big place . 
 look how difficult navies had locating foreign convoys , and that was in the days of steam , huge ships , blowing black smoke miles into the air . 
 during the second world war , there were convoys to murmansk in the arctic , supplying russians with lease lend equipment . 
 fourteen hundred merchant ships sailed and only 6 per cent were sunk . 
 lots of convoys the germans did n't find . '' 
 `` true , the danger is going close to shore . '' 
 `` i agree , bobby . 
 it would be better to do the transfer at sea , if your people would agree . '' 
 `` they do n't have a boat , as far as i 'm aware . 
 otherwise they might have suggested it . '' 
 `` they could do a deal with a fishing boat . 
 that would be good . 
 they 've got lifting gear . 
 no-one would bat an eyelid when they get into port , if a commercial type vehicle picks up off the vessel . 
 everybody would think it was fish . '' 
 `` by god , yes , it could work . 
 why did n't we think of it before ? '' 
 `` because it was easier for us to ask them to collect off the beach ? '' 
 `` right , i need to get in touch with the russkies now . '' 
 bobby stood up and made for the wheelhouse . 
 gerry had n't moved . 
 `` you know it has gone 11pm ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` they keep late hours . '' 
 he came out of the wheelhouse with the handheld phone . 
 it looked like an ordinary satellite phone , but slightly larger ; a bit like an out of date cell phone . 
 it was a globalstar satellite link phone , one that bobby had only had installed a year ago , superb for the business man that wanted to keep in touch . 
 or , in bobby 's case , the slightly criminal man who wanted to keep in touch . 
 bobby got his index book out , flicked the pages to find the number , and then tapped the keys . 
 `` boris ? 
 it 's bobby here . 
 we picked up the goods tonight , but we were seen . 
 i think the police and coastguard will be flying over the irish coast tomorrow , and it will be risky . 
 i 'm phoning from my boat , and we 've just been having a brainstorming session . 
 listen , we have a solution . 
 hire a commercial fishing boat , and meet us at a gps location we set up , and you will have lifting gear on board , it will take a few minutes only . 
 and you can unload in the harbour without arousing suspicion . 
 we are prepared to finance your hiring of the boat . '' 
 `` not as easy as you think . 
 it will take time , would you agree ? 
 and also , did you know that the irish navy have boarded more than one thousand fishing boats last year ? 
 they are allowed to do this under the fishing regulations . 
 that could be awkward , no ? 
 but i will make some enquiries in cork tomorrow with my people . 
 you are going to stay at sea , for the moment , yes ? 
 it could be maybe twenty-four hours before we could meet you . 
 have you fuel enough ? '' 
 one moment , i must speak to my brother here . '' 
 when he had related the gist of the call , gerry said , `` fuel will be okay , we can put a sea anchor out , and hardly use any fuel . 
 but he is right about the navy . 
 it needs some investigation . 
 presumably they are looking for boats out side of the fishing areas . 
 but boris will find out . '' 
 gerry spoke again to boris . 
 `` okay , we have enough fuel . 
 gerry agrees about the navy , but see what you find out . 
 speak to you tomorrow . '' 
 he took the phone back to the wheelhouse , and when he came back into the stateroom , murphy was just entering from the deck . 
 he looked rather pale . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 asked bobby . 
 `` does the boat always rock like this ? '' 
 `` no . 
 mostly it 's much rougher . 
 we 've got a calm sea tonight . 
 tomorrow , we are going to be waiting , and the boat not moving . 
 then it will rock , you just see . '' 
 murphy groaned . 
 he sat down , and accepted a proffered whisky . 
 ten minutes later , he was outside with his head over the rail . 
 chapter thirty-seven miller got into the car . 
 `` bloody hell , i dropped the night glasses , and that guy picked them up . 
 you do n't want to know how much they cost . '' 
 `` that guy was really upset to see us when the headlights lit us up , was n't he ? 
 he was at us like a panther , '' said macbride . 
 `` you ca n't blame him . 
 we 've put him at risk . 
 did you see the inflatable ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it was stencilled down both sides : contessa , douglas . '' 
 `` dead giveaway . '' 
 mcbride said , `` are you going to tell the super in belfast ? '' 
 `` too true , though i might have difficulty convincing him , in view of the ferry incident . 
 still , he ca n't afford to ignore it . '' 
 miller dialled the superintendent 's number , and was surprised to find he was on duty . 
 he explained what they had seen . 
 the superintendent said , `` very interesting . 
 fits in with snippets we 've been picking up . 
 i 'll follow it up , thanks a lot . '' 
 `` share it with the english cops , if you will . 
 i 've got no contact with them . '' 
 miller finished the call . 
 `` the case ends here , i suppose , '' said mcbride , `` but i think we moved things on , and i do n't imagine murphy will be at liberty for long . '' 
 `` talking about the case ending , '' said miller , `` i meant to tell you . 
 my sister phoned this morning , saying there was a letter for me , marked urgent . 
 i asked her to open it and it was from my employers asking me to report to their office in kinshasa . 
 that 's in the democratic republic of congo . 
 i told you i 'd signed on for some more rough and tumble . 
 my air ticket is for two days ' time , flying out of london . 
 i 'm leaving the hotel tomorrow . 
 i 've really enjoyed myself , john . '' 
 `` i think i might just fly out to douglas , and spend a few days painting on the island . 
 i 've never painted there . 
 i must speak to ian , and see whether he thinks the paintings will sell . 
 it 's all about money when you 're painting for a living . '' 
 they drove back in silence to the manor house hotel , each occupied with their own thoughts . 
 both men were in the hotel bar , enjoying a nightcap , when miller 's phone rang . 
 `` dusty , i made some enquiries after you told me about murphy . 
 `` you 'll be interested to know that the contessa is a motor yacht owned by a guy called bobby bell , who lives in dublin , but was born in belfast . 
 he has never been apprehended but is known to have a shady past . 
 he 's into property development now . 
 that 's a bad business since the recession . 
 i could imagine him fencing the goods for murphy . 
 thanks for the tip - off . '' 
 he told mcbride what the policeman had said . 
 `` that reminds me i said i 'd phone ian smith . 
 he pulled his own phone out of his pocket , dialled . 
 smith answered . 
 `` my goodness , john you do keep some late hours . 
 it 's half past eleven . '' 
 `` sorry , ian , i did n't realise , are you in bed ? '' 
 `` good god , no . 
 i 'm having a drink , and trying to sort out some accounts . '' 
 `` ian , i thought about nipping over to the isle of man to do some painting . 
 i know i 've two more to finish here , which will be done tomorrow , if the weather holds . 
 what i wanted to ask you is , would you be able to sell paintings of the island ? '' 
 `` should be able to , there is a couple of galleries i supply over there , so it 's a good idea . 
 look forward to seeing them . '' 
 mcbride said goodnight to ian , arranging to take the local paintings over to him late the following day . 
 he turned to miller : `` looks like i 'm going to douglas '' , he said . 
 `` you 'd better be careful , without me to hold your hand . 
 do n't get yourself killed . '' 
 chapter thirty-eight gerry had the contessa ambling along at about six knots , the gardner diesels burbling along . 
 the sea , now that they were away from the land , had a slight swell , and murphy was still out on the aft deck , looking distinctly seasick . 
 bobby went out to him . 
 `` i have some pills somewhere , do you want me to dig them out for you ? 
 or even better , i 've got a wristband my previous wife used . 
 it presses on a certain nerve , and , supposedly stops you feeling sick . 
 my wife swore by it , and would wear it always when she was aboard . 
 it stopped her throwing up , that 's a fact . '' 
 `` bobby , i 'll try any fucking thing , the way i feel '' bobby rummaged around in some drawers in the stateroom , and came through to the deck with pills , a glass of water , and the wristband as well . 
 `` right , eamonn , put the band on your wrist -- the button goes at the bottom , same side as your palm , that 's it . 
 now take a couple of pills . '' 
 he put the pills and the glass on the table which was in the covered part of the deck . 
 `` you can find me in the wheelhouse , that 's through the stateroom and up a couple of steps . 
 let me know if you 're going down to your cabin . 
 i do n't want to think you 've fallen overboard . '' 
 bobby went through to the wheelhouse to talk to darren who now had the helm , and was yawning , his hair tousled , and he had obviously been sleeping in his clothes . 
 bobby said , `` tired ? 
 i take it gerry has filled you in on the course and speed ? '' 
 `` sure has . 
 and i 've got to heave to when the irish mountains show on the horizon . 
 he thinks there will be choppers flying along the coast trying to spot us . 
 quite exciting is n't it ? '' 
 bobby looked carefully at his face . 
 he was being serious . 
 an hour went by , now without conversation , bobby searching the sea for other boats . 
 he thought he saw a ferry on the horizon , but in the faint haze , it could have been a trick of his eyes . 
 the radar was on , but bobby did n't even bother to check it . 
 there was a noise behind him , and murphy came into the wheelhouse , beaming . 
 `` this wristband is working a treat , i 'm off down to my cabin now , i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 `` goodnight , '' said bobby , and to darren . 
 `` do you want something to eat ? 
 i 'm going to cook bacon and egg . '' 
 darren turned to him . 
 `` that would be great , thank you mr bell . '' 
 `` hey , you can call me bobby . 
 two eggs okay ? '' 
 darren nodded , and smiled . 
 bobby went forward into the galley , poked around in the refrigerator , found eggs and bacon . 
 he found a fresh loaf in the bread bin , stuck some slices in the toaster , put eggs and bacon in the frying pan . 
 it was not long before he came into the wheelhouse with two plates . 
 he put them on the edge of the chart table , disappeared to grab knives and forks , also coming back with a napkin to protect the table surface . 
 darren and he quickly tucked in , and as they were scraping the last of the food into their mouths , gerry appeared , looking refreshed , even though he had barely two and a half hours ' sleep . 
 `` hey , bobby , do you think i could have an early breakfast ? '' 
 bobby nodded , went out with the two empty plates . 
 gerry went over to the chart table , read the gps , and made a pencil mark on the chart . 
 `` about half an hour we want to be heading south west , round the coast of anglesey , '' remarked gerry , `` but i 'll take the wheel before then . 
 he looked at the radar ; nothing within ten miles of them , and nothing coming towards them . 
 he quickly calculated how long to be equidistant from the welsh and irish coasts . 
 he made some more pencil marks on the chart , used a calculator , reckoning maintaining six knots , and came up with a time 6 a.m. , about another four hours cruising . 
 it would be dawn at about four thirty . 
 he turned the chart light out , and when his eyes had adjusted to the dark , he could see the horizon line , and a faint glimmer on the waves , from the light of a quarter moon . 
 he opened the wheelhouse door , and stepped on to the foredeck . 
 it was cool , but not so cool that he shivered in his shirtsleeves . 
 he could hear the sound of the waves as the boat slowly went forward . 
 the diesels could only be heard out here , if one listened carefully . 
 gerry took big breaths of the crisp air , and then turned and went back into the wheelhouse , to be met with aroma of eggs and bacon , which bobby had just brought through from the galley . 
 i 'll eat this through in the stateroom , darren , and then you can go off duty for four hours . 
 then i 'll expect you to be back in the wheelhouse , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' said darren , his eyes alternately on the horizon , and watching the compass bearing . 
 at four thirty , gerry watched the dawn gradually spread across the seascape . 
 to him , when at sea , this was the magic time . 
 he felt as if he was the only man on the planet . 
 there was nothing but sea whichever way he looked . 
 he faced astern to see the moment the first glimpse of the sun rising out of the sea . 
 and there it was , the wheelhouse taking on a pink tinge from the first rays of a new day . 
 he turned back to the charts , and plotted a new position . 
 the yacht was nearly mid sea now , equidistant from land . 
 he yawned and rubbed his face . 
 darren would be up soon . 
 bobby had gone below only two hours ago , and gerry would not call him before seven , if he was n't up here before . 
 he had n't seen anything of murphy for several hours . 
 they were south of the ferry routes here , and he had n't seen any ship , never mind a ferry for three hours now . 
 he checked the radar again . 
 not a blip . 
 he heard the wheelhouse door opening . 
 he turned back to see murphy entering , a grin on his freshly scrubbed face . 
 he was still in his pound shop clothes that he 'd worn the day before . 
 `` it is n't often i 'm awake at this time of morning , never mind out of bed , '' he said , `` but it is worth it for the weather . '' 
 `` yes , at the moment , '' bobby said , but the forecast is n't good for tonight . 
 there 's a storm blowing up later . 
 it wo n't bother us , we 'll just ride it out at sea . 
 the only problem with storms is near land . 
 but i would hate it to interfere with transferring the cargo . '' 
 he looked at murphy . 
 `` it might mean we have to ditch it overboard . '' 
 he watched murphy 's reaction . 
 murphy said , `` if you do that , you can chuck me in as well . '' 
 by ten that morning , everyone was up on deck , looking across at the irish mountains showing up on the horizon , blue grey in the bright daylight . 
 gerry said , `` look , now , there , just coming to the right of the big mountain , can you see the helicopter ? '' 
 `` that 's the second one this morning . 
 by all accounts , that is quite a search they are putting on , '' said bobby the contessa was lying now with the sea anchor out , the rope stretching out from the bow , the boat lying downstream of the sea current , hardly making any drift at all . 
 when gerry had checked they had only moved three hundred yards in an hour . 
 murphy had cooked a meal ranging between breakfast and dinner in its constituents . 
 this had been a big surprise , finding murphy to be a more than adequate cook . 
 bobby thought that your guests on a voyage sometimes surprised you . 
 the sound of the phone ringing gave everyone a start . 
 bobby dashed into the wheelhouse . 
 `` hello there boris i did n't expect an answer so soon . '' 
 he listened without comment for about a couple of minutes , and then said , `` i should think so . 
 just give me the readings again . '' 
 he grabbed notepaper from the chart table and a pencil , and started writing figures down . 
 he read the figures back to boris . 
 `` just let me talk to my brother , '' he said , turning to gerry , who was now waiting behind him . 
 `` gerry , it 's boris , he 's suggesting one pm at this location . '' 
 he showed him the paper he had scrawled the figures on . 
 gerry calculated mentally , looked at his wristwatch . 
 `` lots of time , it 's barely two hours steaming . '' 
 bobby spoke in the phone . 
 `` okay , boris , that 's fine . 
 in fact we 're only two hours from that location , so if you want to make it earlier , we can do it . '' 
 `` it 's a matter of the irish destroyer , i know its itinerary , and we do n't want to be anywhere near it , so let 's leave the time i stated : one this afternoon '' when he had terminated the call , bobby said : `` gerry , you heard that ? '' 
 `` yes , i caught the gist of it . 
 we can start out now and be there an hour early , that 's what i would suggest . 
 anyone who is n't needed , should get their heads down for a few hours . 
 the weather is going to be blowing up by three o’clock , and i think we 're in for a hard night , judging by the latest forecast , but it will blow out quickly , by six or seven tomorrow it will be calm again , they say . '' 
 darren and gerry went out on deck to pull the sea anchor in , and then they set off for their rendezvous , bobby at the helm , darren also in the wheelhouse . 
 by the time they had reached their rendezvous , the sea was quite choppy . 
 they put out the sea anchor , and watched for the fishing boat . 
 it was darren who saw it first . 
 `` look , bobby , i 've spotted her . '' 
 he was pointing , and bobby following his finger , spotted her too . 
 first it was just a smudge , and then they could see that it was a small trawler . 
 `` darren , get the others up on deck . '' 
 when darren disappeared , bobby went to the locked cupboard in the stateroom , unlocked it , and took out two of the ak 47s . 
 he went on the aft deck with them . 
 when darren came back up , he sent him to set the starboard fenders . 
 by now they could clearly see the fishing boat , blue in parts , rusty in parts , standing higher in the water than the contessa . 
 there was a hoist amidships , based on a central mast . 
 bobby could see several men on deck . 
 gerry appeared at his side , taking one of the ak47s . 
 `` good man it shows we are ready if they cause trouble . 
 shall i signal that they come alongside on the starboard . '' 
 `` yes please , '' said bobby . 
 chapter thirty-nine darren and murphy were on hand to take the ropes when they were thrown by the fishermen . 
 the two boats were quickly nestled alongside each other . 
 the roughening sea sent plumes of water up between the boats . 
 bobby looked up to the deck of the trawler , now at least five feet above them , saw boris and gave him a quick wave . 
 boris leaped down on to the contessa 's aft deck , after biding his time , waiting for the right moment when both boats had momentarily paused in their tossing . 
 he grasped bobby 's hand , the one not clasping the machine gun . 
 `` hello friend . 
 there 's no need for the guns , surely ? '' 
 `` i hope not , '' replied bobby , `` but there are more of you than there are of us . 
 have you got the password for the bank account ? '' 
 `` sure i have , bobby . '' 
 he reached in his reefer jacket pocket , brought out an envelope , presented it to bobby , clicking his heels mockingly . 
 bobby smiled . 
 `` let me just go and check this , i know you will want me to . 
 can i offer you a drink , meanwhile ? 
 you would like a vodka perhaps ? '' 
 boris grinned . 
 `` you do know our weaknesses , yes ? '' 
 `` eamonn , go into the stateroom with boris , and get him a large vodka from the bar , and something for yourself . '' 
 bobby went straight into the wheelhouse , taking his machine gun with him , which he leaned against the chart table . 
 he opened his laptop , entered the bank website , and once it came up , entered the user code , and then the account code . 
 he then had to enter his password , which he did . 
 the account balance was displayed on the screen : three million , two hundred thousand pound sterling . 
 tearing open the envelope boris had given him , with trembling fingers he withdrew the single sheet . 
 across the centre of the paper was the second password needed to move the balance over to his account . 
 he typed it in . 
 a message was displayed . 
 `` both passwords validated . 
 to transfer funds between accounts press , and there was an image of a button . 
 bobby clicked on the button , and a new page opened up with : from account number -- to account number -- amount in figures -- bobby filled the spaces , from the account with the money , to his own account , and the value 3,200,000.00 and ticked ` pounds sterling ' . 
 he then clicked on transfer . 
 the computer showed another page with his own account , and amount transferred . 
 bingo , the money was in his account ! 
 he hurried back out of the wheelhouse . 
 eamonn and boris were still at the bar in the stateroom , leaning there , drinking and talking . 
 bobby came in , `` okay boris , thank you , the money is transferred . 
 shall we start moving the cargo ? '' 
 `` ah , yes , bobby , we have work to do , '' and tossed the remainder of the drink down his throat . 
 `` i have also , for you , some cash , as agreed . '' 
 he handed the briefcase to eamonn . 
 murphy put the case on the bar top , and clicked the catches , opening the case . 
 it was full of fifty pound notes . 
 murphy 's eyes glistened . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 they all moved out onto the deck . 
 `` is this the bullion here ? '' 
 asked boris , picking up one of the boxes , and hefting it in his hand . 
 can we see inside one of the cases ? '' 
 we need a crowbar , or even a screwdriver will do . '' 
 bobby shouted over to darren , who shot away into the wheelhouse , and returned immediately with a ten inch screwdriver . 
 the wind was rising now , and whistled round the superstructure . 
 spray from the wave tops was being flung across the deck . 
 boris braced ; his legs wide apart as he opened the first case easily , pulling out two ingots , looking at them carefully , then replacing them in the box , hammering the top back with his huge hand . 
 he took another box at random , did the same , and then nodded his big head . 
 `` they are okay , '' he said , then raising his voice he shouted at the fishermen on the other boat . 
 the jib of the crane swung over to the aft section of contessa 's deck . 
 the crane was carrying a large mesh net made from stout rope , supported on the corners to make a large bag . 
 the crane lowered it until it was lying on the contessa 's deck . 
 it was then only a matter of tossing the boxes into the middle of it . 
 with five pairs of willing hands , it was only the work of a few minutes to clear all the boxes off the deck , and into the net . 
 boris signalled the man operating the crane , who had been watching them . 
 they all stood back , as the crane started to haul in the rope , and the net closed into a huge sack , which went up off the deck , and when it was clear of the handrails , was swung across to the rear deck of the trawler . 
 boris waved , and clutched a rope ladder that had been slung down from the fishing boat , and nimbly climbed it . 
 the ladder was retracted . 
 gerry and darren undid the mooring lines , and darren got hold of a boat hook and leaned his whole weight on it , to separate the boats . 
 a large wave completed the task , and the boats were rapidly separating . 
 the trawler engines suddenly surged full ahead , and the boat was moving into the maelstrom of spray and mounting wind . 
 chapter forty gerry hurried into the wheelhouse . 
 darren ran along the boat , shipping the fenders , and he in turn also entered the wheelhouse . 
 bobby was there , too . 
 `` darren , break out the life vests , '' said gerry , `` one for each of us . 
 from now on , until the storm is over , everyone has to wear his life vest , inside or out . 
 moreover , no-one goes on deck , without using a life line to fasten them . 
 if anyone goes overboard , we 'll never get them back . 
 this is serious . 
 bobby , take one of these vests to murphy , and repeat what i 've said to him . '' 
 as gerry had been speaking , the day was darkening , with low clouds racing across the sky . 
 gerry switched the chart table light on . 
 he was worried that the sea anchor might well be torn off the chain , or the sailcloth anchor itself might rupture . 
 the sea anchor consisted of a canvas drogue , which keeps the bow to the wind , and in a very heavy swell , the line must be of sufficient length that the drogue and the boat are not being affected by the same wave . 
 the danger would be if the line suddenly fractured , or if the drogue split under the pressure of water being forced through it . 
 if this happened , the boat could broach to , and in a heavy sea , could roll over and sink . 
 so gerry decided to run both engines at slow ahead , to take the pressure off the sea anchor . 
 a quick calculation of the miles travelled on this voyage gave gerry an estimate of the fuel remaining . 
 it was now approaching three pm , and if the storm lasted ten hours , they would use 2500 litres , and probably be sixty miles from douglas , another four hours steaming , or maybe a further 1200 litres . 
 it would be close , but he reckoned there would be fuel in hand . 
 he started up the engines , and adjusted their speed that the props were just taking the pressure off the sea anchor . 
 bobby came through to the wheelhouse . 
 gerry explained what he was doing , and the maths behind the fuel situation . 
 `` just when i 've got the money in the bank , i do n't want to go down with the boat , '' he said , smiling ruefully . 
 `` i 've just dumped the guns overboard , and i was going to sink the tender , but maybe we should wait . 
 i mean , in case we have to abandon ship . '' 
 gerry said , `` it wo n't come to that , i can assure you . 
 but wait until the storm is over before you sink the tender . 
 and i mean that because to be on deck is dangerous . 
 how 's murphy taking the rough weather ? '' 
 `` better than i expected . 
 the wrist band is working . 
 i am amazed by that . 
 i always thought it was a placebo . 
 anyway he 's in his cabin , probably counting his money . 
 i think he can trust boris , a true business man , i 've always found him . '' 
 over the next two hours , the wind got worse , and even though it should have been daylight , the sea met the clouds in one continuous tone of black , with the occasional crackle of lightning on the horizon . 
 the contessa was climbing each individual wave , cleaving through it when the boat was not yet at the top of the breaker , and solid water rushed down the foredeck , obscuring the view from the wheelhouse , and crashing on the rear deck roof , sending cascades of water across the rear deck . 
 then the boat came charging down the back of the wave , the remains of the water on deck came rushing back to hit the stateroom . 
 the whole boat was a mass of creaking timber , as the hull took the strain . 
 `` the old boat is doing well , '' said gerry . 
 `` there 's plenty of plastic tubs would be in trouble in this weather . '' 
 `` i think this is the worst weather we 've sailed her in , '' said bobby , `` i hope there 's no big ferries heading for us . '' 
 gerry glanced at the radar , which was specked with small dots as it picked up the spray . 
 `` i ca n't see anything round here , '' he said , `` i would think the ferries will have cancelled their timetable until the weather improves . 
 i 'll rouse darren in a while , and we 'll get some food . 
 it will have to be sandwiches , i think . 
 we ca n't cook until the weather improves . 
 that 's the best thing . '' 
 `` bobby said , `` what 's the best thing ? '' 
 `` that the weather always improves eventually '' `` and how long is it going to be like this , do you think ? '' 
 `` well the forecast was for it to have blown out at about one in the morning , so i would think it will stay like this for maybe four or five hours , and then begin abating , but maybe so slowly that you will not notice for an hour or two . '' 
 gerry busied himself with the chart , and bobby looked forward at the waves coming over the bow . 
 suddenly there was a new sound on the boat , slow thudding . 
 `` the bilge pump '' said gerry , `` i hope we have n't sprung a plank in the hull . '' 
 bobby listened to the steady heartbeat of the automatic pump . 
 it was triggered to start pumping when a float in the bilges made an electric connection . 
 and then he heard , above the wind , an irregular noise , a crashing sound . 
 just like a door hitting something . 
 he turned round staring through the stateroom window which was at the rear of the wheelhouse . 
 there were no lights on in the stateroom , but there was one light on over the rear deck , and , of course the riding lights casting a green and a red tone over the boat . 
 and then he could n't see the deck light . 
 then a loud noise , and he could see the light again . 
 it suddenly got through to bobby what he was seeing : the stateroom door to the deck . 
 it was unlatched , and swinging on its hinges every time the boat moved with the violent swell . 
 he shouted to his brother : `` gerry , the stateroom aft door is open i 'm going to close it , '' and raced through the stateroom . 
 he could see now where the bilge water was coming from . 
 the door opening again to crash back against the bulkhead , was allowing all the water collected on deck to gush through into the stateroom , and immediately down the companionway in a cataract of gigantic proportions . 
 bobby caught the door as it swung forward again , and latched it securely . 
 as he did so he glanced through the glazed portion of the stateroom bulkhead , and saw a bundle in the far corner of the deck , and seawater was draining from what looked like a yellowish mass . 
 again his brain was late in recognising what he was seeing , and then he opened the door , hooked his lifeline to the railing , and edged his way quickly round the deck , battered by the wind , which was gusting violently , carrying with it sheets of cold sea water . 
 murphy lay on his stomach , legs stretched out , his fingers clawing to stay in contact with the deck . 
 in one hand he clutched the briefcase of money . 
 `` eamonn '' shouted bobby , bending down and shaking his shoulder , `` are you all right ? '' 
 murphy groaned , and reached up with his free hand and clutched at bobby 's soaking wet jeans . 
 bobby gripped him with both hands and began to drag him towards the stateroom door . 
 every time the boat met a wave , the water crashed over the deck , washing them backwards and losing a few inches of forward movement that he had attained during the time the boat slid down the other side of the wave . 
 it seemed to take a long time to get murphy to the doorway , but eventually he was able to open the door and literally push him through . 
 bobby pulled himself into the stateroom , and forced the door shut against a fresh surge of seawater . 
 `` stay there a moment , '' commanded bobby , and latched the door , against the possibility of it opening again , then strode rapidly through the stateroom and into the wheelhouse . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 asked gerry , still concentrating on the boat 's helm . 
 `` the door was open , and after every wave the water was rushing down the companionway , hence the pump starting . 
 at least i hope that 's the reason . 
 and murphy was lying on the aft deck , clutching his briefcase . 
 i 've dragged him inside , and locked the stateroom door . 
 if i 'm right , the pump should cut off in a few more minutes . 
 i 've left murphy lying on the stateroom floor . '' 
 gerry said : `` get darren out of bed , and he 'll give you a hand '' as he finished speaking there was a relative silence , apart from the sound of the storm outside . 
 bobby said `` the bilge pump 's stopped . '' 
 `` so it has , '' said gerry . 
 `` that 's one less thing to worry about . '' 
 bobby said , `` i 'll get darren out of bed now , and between us we 'll get murphy down below , and sorted . '' 
 murphy was still lying on the stateroom floor where bobby had left him . 
 he was shivering , and lying in a big pool of water . 
 `` just hang on in there for a few moments , and we 'll have you back in your cabin , in some dry clothes . '' 
 he dashed down the companion way , made his way forward to the crew quarters , having to brace himself with both hands on any available part of the boat to stay upright . 
 he flung the door into the crew quarters open , and shouted : `` darren , can you give me a hand with murphy , he 's been on deck , and i 'm trying to get him back in his cabin . '' 
 darren 's head poked round the edge of the door , hair a tousled mess . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , my watch seems to have stopped working . 
 about seven , i would think . 
 i 'm sorry to have to get you up . '' 
 bobby turned and led the way back to the companion way . 
 `` are things okay up top ? '' 
 asked darren , yawning . 
 `` we 're still afloat , '' said bobby , climbing the stairs ahead of darren . 
 back in the stateroom , he bent over murphy . 
 `` darren and i are going to carry you back to your cabin , and then get you some dry clothes to wear , and some hot tea . 
 okay ? '' 
 murphy , still shivering said `` yes , thank you . '' 
 between them , darren and bobby got murphy to the head of the companion way , then darren went down first , taking murphy 's feet , bobby leaning over from the top , lowering murphy by his shoulders , then bobby was sitting on the top step , and darren had murphy 's feet on the floor . 
 `` murphy , '' bobby shouted down , do you think you can stand up now ? '' 
 `` i am doing , for god 's sake , '' he shouted back . 
 bobby rattled down the steps . 
 `` get in your cabin , '' bobby said , getting hold of his shoulder and pushing him through the door that darren held open . 
 `` now strip those wet clothes off , and i 'll fetch some spare clothes of mine . '' 
 he turned , went out of the door , entered his own cabin , got a shirt and chinos from his wardrobe and a large bath towel , and came back . 
 `` now get yourself completely dry , and put the clothes on , then your life jacket on as well , '' instructed bobby . 
 `` i 'll get some tea from the galley , '' said darren , and vanished up the companion way . 
 bobby fetched a large whisky from the bar , which murphy downed in one . 
 `` that 's better , '' he said bobby became aware of the noise down below decks , now that he was n't urgently attending to things . 
 apart from the creaking of timber , there was the rush of the sea , and the pounding on the hull , as the waves broke . 
 frome above came the sound of the howling wind . 
 it was less frightening topsides . 
 `` why did you go up on the deck ? '' 
 bobby asked murphy , who looked up from putting a leg in the fresh chinos . 
 `` i had a bad dream that the boat was sinking , and woke up believing it . 
 i grabbed my money and went on deck , ready to swim for it . '' 
 `` you would have lasted about ten minutes in the sea , and you 're lucky you were n't washed off the deck . '' 
 `` i nearly was , i was so terrified , i dare n't move . '' 
 `` if you go back outside while this storm is blowing , you use your line to clip on to the deck rail , you promise ? 
 and do n't leave hatches or doors open . 
 that sound like a heartbeat was the bilge pump trying to get the water out , that you were letting in through the stateroom door . 
 we 're lucky the door was n't blown off the hinges . '' 
 chapter forty-one darren came down with tea in a thermos . 
 `` no good putting it in a cup , '' he said , `` would n't be anything in it by the time i got down here . 
 can you sup it straight from the flask ? '' 
 he looked at murphy , who nodded and took the flask from him . 
 bobby returned to the wheelhouse with darren , and reported to gerry that the patient appeared to have survived , and was back in his cabin . 
 `` it 's a bit damp below decks , but the water has n't got into the cabins , because of the fiddles in the entrances . 
 it 's just run down into the bilges , as it is supposed to do . '' 
 they had to shout now , to be heard above the wind even in the confines of the wheelhouse , but gerry was pleased with the handling of the boat , and easing the strain for the sea anchor by use of the engines was working , and gerry privately reckoned that they could survive at least twelve more hours in this storm intensity . 
 after that he only problem would be running out of fuel . 
 gerry said , `` how about rustling up some sandwiches for us all ? 
 there 's some ham in the fridge , and a tube of mustard in one of the cupboards . 
 if you fill two thermos flasks with coffee , that will be good . 
 bobby might help you . 
 be careful with the knives , you do n't want any wounds . '' 
 both men were back in the wheelhouse in thirty minutes , bearing two thermos flasks and a large bowl of sandwiches . 
 `` the sandwiches are in a bowl , because they would slide off a plate , '' explained darren . 
 everybody tucked in , surprised that they were so hungry , not having thought about food during the hours of the storm 's intensity . 
 they passed the flasks round amongst themselves , quenching their thirst with long swigs of the dark liquid . 
 gerry checked the instruments again . 
 the gps showed that they were holding their position , in fact very slowly they were moving in the direction of the isle of man , but only by half a mile or so . 
 there were still no ships on the radar , but the screen appeared clearer than it was an hour ago . 
 gerry did n't tell the others . 
 if the storm was abating , there would be further signs . 
 it was best to wait , rather than raising false hopes . 
 `` how about you taking over , darren , and i 'll have a kip in the stateroom , '' said gerry , `` then i 'll be on hand , if you need me . '' 
 he knew he would not have suggested that if he thought the storm would get worse , and this gave bobby confidence . 
 whether darren had picked up on this , he did not know . 
 two hours later , when bobby went into the stateroom to have a nap , he found gerry hard on in one of the easy chairs , and sat down in an adjacent chair , and was soon deeply asleep . 
 at 10pm , darren realised that the weather conditions had improved . 
 the boat was still mounting big waves , but the water being shipped over the bows had definitely eased . 
 he had to throttle back slightly , as he was afraid they might overrun the sea anchor , which then might foul the props . 
 after a further hour , the storm had abated to such an extent , that he had the engines set at idle , and decided to wake gerry . 
 gerry came awake the moment darren touched his shoulder . 
 `` eh , what 's wrong ? '' 
 darren explained that conditions had improved , and they may as well haul in the sea anchor . 
 and commence to motor towards the isle of man . 
 gerry went into the wheelhouse , checked the instruments , saw that the boat was just about stationary without the engines in gear , and agreed with darren 's summing up . 
 `` you 're right , darren , we need to get the sea anchor in . 
 can you do that ? 
 keep your lifeline attached while you 're on deck . '' 
 darren darted out on to the foredeck , clipped his lifeline to the railing , and pulled the anchor rope , and the line to collapse the canvas drogue . 
 once the drogue was collapsed it was easy to winch the anchor rope on to the drum . 
 gerry watched him from the wheelhouse door , and was soon urging him back into the dryness of the wheelhouse . 
 although the storm was easing rapidly , it was raining hard . 
 he switched on the rain wipers , and put the engines into gear , initially cruising at eight knots . 
 he aimed to speed up the boat to about its maximum cruising speed of seventeen knots , once the storm had eased well back . 
 he did some calculations , and estimated that they should reach st maryport at about five o’clock , and drop off murphy there . 
 they would then motor a fair distance off shore , and finally enter douglas marina , where he guessed the police would be waiting to interview them . 
 it had initially been bobby 's plan to drop off darren as well , but this would cause suspicion , because it was unlikely that they had used only a two-man crew . 
 `` hey , darren , go and wake up bobby , i need a word with him , '' said gerry . 
 bobby , yawning and rumpled came into the wheelhouse . 
 `` what 's the situation ? '' 
 he asked gerry . 
 `` my god , the storm 's nearly over . '' 
 he looked out of the wheelhouse door at the racing waves , and closed the door . 
 `` we need to do several things before we get to the island in the morning . 
 getting rid of the tender has high priority . 
 and darren needs some rehearsing about where we 've been . 
 i do n't think we shall be able to drop murphy off in castleton , the tide is wrong . 
 we 'll make for st maryport . 
 you can get in there at all states of the tide . 
 but i do n't think we should drop darren off there . 
 the police will know that the two of us could n't have survived the storm two-handed . 
 no need to cause even more suspicion . 
 do you agree ? '' 
 bobby stroked his hair . 
 `` yes , makes sense , so we just drop off murphy in st maryport . 
 `` now , '' he said , turning to darren . 
 `` if you 're questioned , and you will be , the story is this : we just sailed up the scottish coast , moored off oban the night before last , ate on the boat , went out on the town , a couple of pubs , and were back about ten o’clock to sleep on the boat . 
 we had intended to sail further up the coast , but the forecast was bad , so we put to sea yesterday afternoon , and the rest is as it really happened last night . 
 while the storm was lessening , we decided to sail down the western coast of the island , and round the south , into douglas , because we did n't want to enter the marina , until the weather was better . 
 how about that , can you remember it ? '' 
 `` sure can , bobby . 
 what about the tender that you 're going to sink . '' 
 `` we never had it on this last cruise , it was stolen out of the marina two weeks ago . 
 gerry told you . '' 
 bobby was satisfied that they would all be telling the same story . 
 he went into the galley , got a sharp chef 's knife , and laid it on the chart table . 
 `` as soon as it 's light , i 'll rip open all the buoyancy pockets and sink the tender , '' he told gerry . 
 `` i 'm going to sink the outboard with it , too . 
 i ca n't take any chances . '' 
 next bobby , went down to the lower deck , knocked on murphy 's cabin door , shouted `` eamonn , are you awake ? '' 
 `` i am now , '' murphy grumbled . 
 bobby entered the cabin , looked down at murphy lying on his berth , lifejacket on over bobby 's spare shirt and trousers . 
 there was colour in murphy 's cheeks . 
 `` it 's half past twelve . 
 at five o’clock we are going to drop you off in st maryport harbour . 
 i do n't think there 'll be anyone around at that time . 
 its low tide so there 'll be no fishermen about . 
 you can have my clothes , and you 've got a dry jacket . 
 i do n't want you to leave anything behind , because the boat will be crawling with police when we reach douglas . 
 leave the cabin tidy , make up the bed , if you do n't want to take your wet clothes , chuck them overboard now , okay ? '' 
 as soon as dawn broke , bobby was on the dive platform , slashing the rubber tender , until he was sure it would sink . 
 he coiled the painter and wedged the coil under the rear seat . 
 then he held on to the step rail and with his foot , pushed violently at the dinghy , which he had balanced on the edge of the platform . 
 it slid begrudgingly into the water , and was quickly left behind by the contessa , which was now doing seventeen knots . 
 he watched , and almost immediately it began to sink , and by the time it was two hundred yards away , it was completely gone . 
 they all stood in the wheelhouse watching the isle of man coast as they neared it . 
 murphy clutched his money-filled briefcase . 
 he had no other luggage . 
 gerry gave him some last minute instructions . 
 `` go and stand on the dive platform when i tell you to . 
 i 'll come in to the harbour entrance , but there 's not much water , because it 's nearly low tide . 
 when i see some fishing boats moored up to the harbour wall , i 'll edge the boat up , and when i shout , you grab hold of a boat , and leave us . 
 there are lots of ladders up to the quayside . 
 if you fall in , you will have to get yourself out . 
 we will motor straight out of the harbour , you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 st maryport is the only isle of man harbour which , due to the building of the alfred pier more than a hundred years ago , is accessible at all states of tide . 
 gerry had the relevant chart out , and saw that they had to approach from the west of the pier . 
 as they rounded the end , they could see that all down the leeside were small fishing boats , moored two and three abreast . 
 gerry manoeuvred the contessa very slowly beside the boats . 
 darren was out with a boathook in his hand , murphy was on the diving platform . 
 gerry stuck his head out of the wheelhouse , shouted `` now ! '' 
 and murphy scrambled quickly on to one of the fishing boats . 
 when gerry saw that murphy was off the contessa , he used the bow thrusters to clear the way for him to boost the engines , and they were making a large arc through the harbour , and out again to sea . 
 bobby looked back , and saw murphy climbing one of the iron ladders , briefcase in his hand , a lonely millionaire . 
 gerry set the boat due south until they were three or four miles clear of the coast , and then set a course due east . 
 the still large waves were now directly abeam , and the boat rolled ; it had no stabilisers fitted . 
 bobby remembered he had considered fitting them when he had acquired the boat . 
 suddenly feeling nauseous , he wondered whether he had dismissed them too hastily . 
 he busied himself wiping down any surfaces he thought murphy might have left fingerprints . 
 the police might dust the boat ; he had to take all precautions . 
 he started in murphy 's cabin . 
 he was relieved to see that he had left it in a tidy condition . 
 bobby searched all the drawers , and hanging spaces , to make sure nothing had been left behind . 
 then , starting at one side he wiped all the surfaces . 
 by the time that bobby had been through all the boat , wiping surfaces , and checking for any incriminating evidence , he felt considerably better -- when darren shouted down that he was making breakfast , he realised he was hungry . 
 chapter forty-two mcbride , keen to get a day 's painting in the isle of man was off early , taking the first plane out of liverpool to ronaldsway . 
 the trip was only short , and after lifting off from john lennon airport , they were descending to land in the isle of man within thirty minutes . 
 whilst on the plane , mcbride was amazed to learn from promotional literature , that the airport was used as early as 1912 , and air races were staged there before the second world war . 
 as they descended , mcbride could see that it was still a small airport . 
 they did n't need a large airport . 
 the population of the whole of the island was only the size of a market town in england . 
 no sooner had he got into baggage reclaim , than the carousels were rolling with the luggage from his flight . 
 because mcbride had taken his painting equipment as hand luggage , he had his small suitcase in the hold . 
 he quickly reclaimed it and was amongst the first passengers into the concourse . 
 the baggage reclaim was at one end and the departures at the other end of the main building . 
 an escalator led up to the security area for departures . 
 mcbride had a clear view across the airport . 
 a few passengers were ascending the escalator , and mcbride eyed them casually as he walked along . 
 then he saw that murphy was among the riders on the escalator . 
 he was wearing a heavy short coat and chinos , with a baseball cap . 
 in one hand he had a smart briefcase . 
 it was this incongruity that had drawn mcbride 's attention . 
 without another thought he sprinted across the concourse , his luggage dropped where he had been standing , leapt on to the escalator , and pushed past two passengers to get behind murphy . 
 by this time they were at the top of the staircase , and as murphy stepped on to the first floor , mcbride rugby tackled him , grabbing his legs , so that murphy fell and skidded along the marble floor , his briefcase sliding a good distance further on . 
 murphy scrabbled pulling mcbride with him , as he struggled to regain the luggage . 
 he was shouting . 
 but mcbride clung grimly to him . 
 the scuffle attracted a lot of attention , and it was only seconds before two burly security men were busy separating the two contestants . 
 `` do n't let him go , '' panted mcbride . 
 `` he 's wanted for murder . 
 his name is murphy . '' 
 the first security man grabbed murphy , and hauled him to his feet . 
 mcbride reluctantly let go of his ankle . 
 `` please do n't let him go , he 's wanted for armed robbery and murder . '' 
 he scrambled to his feet , assisted by the other security man . 
 the first man had a radio in his hand , calling for assistance . 
 almost immediately a third man appeared . 
 it was probably the total of the security staff at this small airport . 
 the three of them plus murphy and mcbride were moving now along the first floor concourse , and through a door that one of the security men unlocked with a key from a long chain connected to his belt . 
 they all entered a room that had windows high up in the wall , about six feet from the floor . 
 as a result they were short squat windows , not throwing much light on to the floor . 
 the first guard through the door , operated a switch on the wall , and the room was illuminated by harsh light from multiple fluorescents in the ceiling . 
 the room was not furnished as much as populated by long tables down one wall , and metal framed chairs here and there . 
 there was no handle on the inside of the door . 
 the security men let go of mcbride and murphy , dealing first with mcbride . 
 `` right , you , what 's your name ? '' 
 `` mcbride . '' 
 `` and where 's your luggage ? '' 
 `` on the floor , where i dropped it , i suppose , just outside of baggage reclaim . 
 there 's a small suit case , and an artist 's easel , like a small wooden case . '' 
 the guard used his radio , on receipt of this information , and soon confirmed that it had been picked up and opened to check for explosives . 
 it had been cleared , and was waiting to be collected . 
 the guard who had used the radio beckoned one of the others , who slipped out of the door using his key . 
 `` he 's fetching it , '' the guard explained to mcbride . 
 the guard then beckoned to murphy to come over to the table with his briefcase . 
 `` lay the case down there , '' the guard said , pointing to the table . 
 reluctantly , murphy put the case on the table , still keeping hold of the handle . 
 `` come on , open it , '' said the guard , and murphy fiddled with the combination locks . 
 just then , the other guard opened the door from outside , his hands full of mcbride 's luggage . 
 murphy saw his chance , and swept his briefcase from the table , swung it round expertly , so that it caught two of the guards in the face , and caught the door as it was swinging shut , and was outside the room , the door shut in mcbride 's face . 
 he was the only one quick enough to know what was going to happen . 
 the guard who had n't been hit in the face was already on the radio , speaking to someone . 
 obviously , there must be other security staff in the vicinity . 
 one of the injured guards picked himself off the floor , and quickly opened the door with his key . 
 the three guards then ran quickly out , followed by mcbride , who was anxious that murphy would not escape . 
 murphy had charged , it seemed , at the downward escalator , pushing those already on the staircase downwards , and they were lying in an untidy heap on the floor below . 
 mcbride leapt for the staircase , taking mighty bounds to reach the lower level in no less than three leaps . 
 stumbling over the writhing passengers on the floor , he reached forward and grabbed murphy by the jacket , as he exited the pack . 
 murphy endeavoured to wriggle free of his jacket , but it was still buttoned , and mcbride hung on for backup , which came when the three guards arrived at his side . 
 it was all done bar the shouting , and murphy was quickly hand cuffed , and led back to the security room . 
 this time , murphy opened the briefcase , and the assembled men gasped when they saw the neatly arrayed fifty pound notes filling the case to the brim . 
 one of the guards phoned the police station , and they waited while help arrived . 
 the police were efficient , partly because they had been made aware from the english mainland of murphy 's exploits , and tipped off that he might arrive on the island , even though he was actually attempting to leave it . 
 they interviewed mcbride at length , but decided he could be released , so they would not be holding him . 
 chapter forty-three the three of them ate a makeshift breakfast in the wheelhouse , and by the time they had eaten , gerry had rounded the southern point of the island , and they were heading north . 
 there was an immediate change in the boat 's motion , heading now into the waves , and the rolling stopped . 
 bobby began to feel cheerful for the first time that morning . 
 a few minutes later , they saw a helicopter head out from the land , circling the boat . 
 `` a coastguard helicopter , '' observed gerry . 
 `` he 's looking for us , on police instructions . 
 they 'll be radioing to douglas . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' said bobby . 
 `` when we left oban , after the storm we headed down the west coast of the island , so that we would arrive back in daylight . 
 that 's why we 're south of douglas . '' 
 `` of course , '' commented gerry , drily . 
 the helicopter eventually rose higher and headed back to land . 
 `` got to refuel , '' said bobby . 
 when they were eight miles from douglas , the helicopter came back , and hovered over them until they were in the outer basin of the harbour . 
 `` that 's been an expensive exercise , '' said gerry , as he watched the helicopter turn and fly off south . 
 they motored at minimum speed through the outer harbour to avoid their wash causing problems for other boats . 
 as they entered the marina , they saw that their pontoon had police standing on it waiting for them . 
 bobby counted four uniformed men and two plain clothes police as well . 
 `` fenders down on the starboard side , darren , and prepare to moor . 
 will you help him ? 
 take the aft line , bobby . '' 
 chapter forty-four gerry spun the contessa neatly alongside the pontoon , throttling back until they were stationary alongside , only inches clear of it . 
 bobby and darren stepped off the diving platform where they had been waiting , and moored the boat . 
 the police stood well clear whilst this was going on . 
 bobby looked up , said to the elder of the plain clothes men , `` can i help you ? 
 the man reached into his pocket pulled out his badge . 
 `` isle of man police , sir . 
 can we have a few words with you ? 
 and perhaps search the boat ? 
 would you be mr john bell ? '' 
 `` usually known as bobby bell , but yes you are right . '' 
 `` could we come on board ? '' 
 `` i suppose so , but you 'll have to take your shoes off , unless you have boating shoes . 
 you can leave them on the diving platform , here . 
 i 'm sure nobody will nick them , there being so many cops about . '' 
 bobby smiled . 
 he stood on the platform , and watched as , one by one , they undid their shoes , and lined them up . 
 then he gestured for them to mount the steps to the aft deck . 
 gerry stood on the deck with darren , and bobby introduced them . 
 `` this is gerry bell , my brother , and skipper and darren , who is crew . '' 
 the police stood , ill at ease in their stocking feet , one man in particular who had a hole in his sock , which he was trying to hide with his other foot . 
 the man who had first accosted bobby now introduced himself . 
 `` i am detective inspector parrish , sir , and this is sergeant wilson . '' 
 he indicated the other plain clothes man . 
 `` first , is there anywhere we might talk ? 
 and would you let my men , '' he waved at the uniformed police , `` search the boat ? 
 if you would agree , it will save getting a warrant . '' 
 bobby smiled again . 
 `` of course , we 've nothing to hide . 
 if you disturb anything , i am sure you will put it all back where you found it . 
 boats are small spaces , relatively speaking , and we have to keep them tidy to avoid falling over things . 
 as to where we can talk , come through into the stateroom . '' 
 bobby went through the door , followed by everyone else . 
 bobby gestured for the two men to sit down , and pulled over another two chairs . 
 bobby and gerry sat down . 
 bobby said , `` darren , show the policemen around . '' 
 when there were only the four of them left in stateroom , inspector parrish said , `` when you were in the wirral the other night , you used a tender with the boat 's name on the sides , to pick up a person off the beach . '' 
 `` not me , '' bobby shook his head . 
 `` i do n't see the tender anywhere on the boat , unless it 's below decks . 
 what have you done with it ? '' 
 `` it was stolen a couple of weeks ago , i told my brother about it on the phone . 
 my brother lives in dublin . '' 
 the inspector seemed to be shot down in flames . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` this last trip ? '' 
 asked bobby . 
 `` we went up to scotland . 
 we would have stayed longer except a storm blew up , so we rode it out at sea . '' 
 the inspector pounced . 
 `` when the helicopter first spotted you , you were south of the island , which would indicate that you were sailing north . 
 if you were coming from scotland , you would have been sailing south . '' 
 `` we came down the west of the island , and round , waiting for the storm to ease before we tried to get into harbour . '' 
 there was a knock on the stateroom door and a policeman poked his head round . 
 `` excuse me guv , would you like to have a look at these charts ? '' 
 he came through clutching three charts under his arm , and laid them on the coffee table . 
 he pointed with his finger . 
 `` this one is of the dee estuary , that 's the wirral , sir , '' he explained . 
 `` there are pencil marks down to the anchorage behind hilbre island . '' 
 `` what do you say to that ? '' 
 asked the inspector . 
 `` you told me you did n't go there . '' 
 `` i said we 'd just been to scotland . 
 of course we 've been to the dee estuary . 
 about three years ago , was n't it , bobby ? '' 
 `` thereabouts , '' agreed bobby . 
 `` i bet you can find charts , with pencil marks on them for all over the irish sea , and down the french coast , all the way round ireland , and scotland too . 
 but we have n't had time to go to all those places . 
 we only left douglas , what , three days ago was it ? '' 
 the inspector sighed , waved the policeman away , who collected the charts and put them back under his arm . 
 another policeman entered , without knocking . 
 `` how do we look in the bilges ? 
 your young man said to ask you , mr gerry . '' 
 gerry looked up . 
 `` there 'll be nothing down there but a bit of water , but you can have a look . '' 
 he got up , went out with the man . 
 the inspector stood up , paced around . 
 `` this is a nice yacht you 've got , mr bell . 
 how much does a boat like this cost , approximately ? '' 
 bobby laughed , `` i 'll tell you exactly , inspector . 
 it cost two hundred and forty thousand . 
 pounds , that is , not euros . 
 it 's not the capital cost , it 's the running costs that are a bugger . 
 you would n't want to know . '' 
 `` what do you do for a living , mr bell ? 
 i know what your brother does . '' 
 `` i 'm a property developer . 
 i used to be an estate agent before that . '' 
 `` and a gun-runner , i 've heard , '' said the inspector . 
 `` i 've never heard that , '' said bobby , `` because it would n't be true . '' 
 he had his fingers crossed behind his back . 
 the inspector went to the door onto the aft deck . 
 a policeman stood there , in his stocking feet . 
 the inspector spoke . 
 `` round up the lads , we 're leaving . '' 
 he turned back through the door , and said to bobby , `` one day , we 'll catch you . '' 
 `` pity i did n't have my solicitor with me , you issuing threats like that , '' said bobby , mildly . 
 the inspector 's mobile phone rang . 
 he answered it , standing there in his stocking feet . 
 `` parrish , '' he said , and listened for a few minutes . 
 `` thank you , you want us up there to assist , or shall we meet you at the station ? '' 
 he listened again , switched the phone off . 
 `` now there 's a coincidence , mr bell , '' said the inspector , `` we 've just nabbed murphy at the airport . 
 i bet you would n't be able to shed any light on that , would you ? '' 
 `` you 're dead right i would n't . 
 he certainly was n't coming to see me . 
 coincidences do happen , inspector . '' 
 `` he was n't coming , mr bell , he was leaving . '' 
 chapter forty-five bobby was leaning over the rail of the rear deck of the contessa , admiring the bustle of the marina , and basking in the beautiful late morning sunshine . 
 he did n't have a worry in the world , and it had been a long time since he could say that . 
 he glanced across to the other side of the marina . 
 a man was standing on one of the pontoon jetties , with a tripod easel in front of him . 
 he looked as though he might be painting the contessa . 
 it would be a nice walk round the harbour to find out , so he went down the steps to the diving platform and stepped onto the pontoon . 
 he climbed the harbour steps , and at the top , looked again across the dock at the figure . 
 from this vantage point , he could see the man was holding a palette in one hand , and a brush in the other ; definitely an artist , then . 
 john mcbride was watching with interest , the progress of the man from the contessa as he made his way round the harbour , and guessed that he was the destination . 
 he had immersed himself again into the painting in front of him , so that it was with a start that he heard a voice immediately behind him say `` that 's my boat you 're painting . '' 
 mcbride turned round and was confronted by the man who he had tracked with his eyes circling the waterside . 
 `` yes , i know . 
 i was watching you as you left your boat -- the contessa . 
 it is a super yacht . 
 what year was she built ? 
 some time in the fifties ? '' 
 `` you have an interest in boats ? 
 yes , she was built in 1957 , teak hull with mahogany superstructure , twin diesels , sleeps eight plus crew . '' 
 bobby stopped , looked at the painting which was taking shape on the easel . 
 `` that is a fantastic painting . '' 
 the picture showed the magnificent buildings of douglas ' south side above the harbour , which was full of pleasure craft , and the contessa lay right in the foreground . 
 the subject of the painting . 
 `` is the painting for sale ? '' 
 asked bobby . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i paint for a living , '' answered mcbride . 
 `` then i 'll buy it , and hang it in the stateroom . 
 i 'm expecting to be able to spend more time sailing . 
 i will be retiring in a few months ' time , while i 'm still young enough to enjoy it . '' 
 `` you do n't know how much the painting is , yet . '' 
 `` okay , tell me . '' 
 `` if you want to get the painting framed locally , it will be # 600 unframed . 
 tell the framer to put mirror plates on the frame , that way , the picture will be secure in a rough sea . 
 also to put ultraviolet screening glass in the frame , so that if you are moored for long periods where the sunlight falls on the painting , it will not fade . '' 
 `` when will the painting be finished ? '' 
 mcbride put his head on one side , looking at the painting , and then looking at the scene in front of him . 
 `` in about half an hour , '' he said . 
 `` do you mind if i watch you ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 do you know , i thought i saw you on the beach in hoylake , on the wirral a couple of days ago . '' 
 bobby bell smiled . 
 `` i think you must be mistaken . 
 i was in scotland with my boat . 
 i just arrived back early this morning . 
 funny you should think that . 
 i had the police swarming over the boat as soon as i berthed . 
 they searched it from top to bottom . 
 eventually they went away sure they had made a mistake , apologised profusely . 
 apparently the confusion arose because someone was using a tender with contessa painted on it , picking up a guy off the shore in hoylake , would you believe . 
 we told them that the tender was stolen from our boat over a fortnight ago . 
 i was in dublin , but my brother gerry bell phoned to tell me . 
 he lives in douglas , and keeps an eye on the boat for me . 
 well , he can see it from his house , which is there . '' 
 bobby bell pointed at the painting , `` bell chandlery , just on the harbour wall . '' 
 whilst they had been talking , mcbride was still putting paint on the paper . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i was mistaken . 
 no hard feelings ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' said bell . 
 `` it was an understandable error . 
 it would be impossible to prove , even if you had seen a boat like mine . 
 seven more boats were produced of this class , by a boatyard on the english south coast , although one boat was destroyed by fire a couple of years ago . 
 a fire at sea is something that every sailor fears . '' 
 `` i could n't see the boat , it was anchored out near hilbre island , and it was dark . '' 
 `` i know the place -- i was there a few years ago . 
 the dee estuary , it 's very shallow . 
 the only practical anchorage is in the lee of the island . 
 from hoylake , in the darkness , you would not be able to pick out the shape of any boats at anchor there , only their riding lights . '' 
 `` so , you are retiring ? 
 from what ? '' 
 said from round a number eight sable brush , clenched between his teeth . 
 he did not look up , concentrating in painting the water , the first wash , with a number sixteen brush . 
 then , with the smaller brush , now taken from his mouth , he was adding reflections , wet in wet . 
 `` property development . 
 it 's been a bad few years , and i wo n't be sorry to see the back of it . '' 
 `` but you obviously wo n't retire a pauper , '' said john mcbride . 
 `` the boat , for instance . 
 and the upkeep of it , must consume a few bob . '' 
 `` yes , '' said bobby bell , `` it is n't the capital that 's sunk in the boat that hurts , it 's the annual running costs , the insurance , the mooring fees , maintenance , fuel . 
 the list is endless , it sometimes seems . 
 but it 's worth it , if you love boats . '' 
 `` you could charter it out , a boat like that . '' 
 `` i could quite easily . 
 i know a couple of fellows who do just that . 
 but i could n't let other people sail around in my yacht . 
 i just could n't . 
 i 'd rather sell it , if it came to it that i could n't afford it . 
 but it is unlikely to come to that , i hope . 
 i 've got a big investment in a shopping centre in dublin that is nearing completion , so i can cash in there . 
 or just take the dividends to live on . 
 i 'll buy a property here in douglas to live in , if i 'm not living on the boat . 
 that will be cleverer than you think , because the income tax is very low , no more than twenty percent , and the maximum tax you are charged in one year is one hundred and twenty thousand pounds . 
 there are no inheritance taxes , either . 
 perhaps you should consider basing yourself here . 
 or , of course as an artist , you would pay no tax at all in ireland . 
 `` i intend to spend the winters on the med , living on the contessa . 
 my brother gerry , who has the chandlery , and who skippers the boat says we could take it to florida , sail the keys . 
 crossing the atlantic is n't a big problem . 
 a lot of the way you are island hopping , madeira , the faroes , and so on . '' 
 `` sounds good , '' said mcbride , slightly distracted , as he put the finishing touches to the painting . 
 `` just have a look , and make sure i 've got your boat right . 
 you 'll know , if i have n't . '' 
 bell looked at the painting closely . 
 `` yes , you 've got it , spot on . '' 
 mcbride made sure the painting was dry , and unclipped it from the bulldog fasteners , and clipped it back to the board , with back of the paper exposed . 
 he selected a soft lead pencil from his shirt pocket . 
 `` i 'll just make a few notes for your framer , '' he said . 
 and on the back wrote : 16 '' x 20 '' frame , with 2 '' ivory double mount . 
 fit mirror plates , and uv resistant glass . 
 seal frame well to avoid damp penetration . 
 bobby bell said , `` if you come over to the boat , i 'll pay you , and i hope you 'll have a drink with me . 
 the sun is well over the yardarm . '' 
 mcbride looked at his watch , amazed to see it was ten past one . 
 he 'd certainly had a busy day so far . 
 he quickly packed his easel drawer , then collapsed the easel until it was a small wooden case , easy to carry in one hand . 
 in his other hand he carried the board with the painting clipped to it . 
 `` right , '' he said to bell , `` lead the way . '' 
 they gradually threaded their way down the pontoons , and then up the harbour wall . 
 once at the top , they walked along the quayside , going along the end where bells chandlery stood , bobby bell waving and smiling at his brother , who stood in the doorway talking to a beefy fisherman . 
 eventually they arrived at contessa 's pontoon , and bobby bell led the way , stepping on to the swimming platform at the aft end of the boat , and then up the steps from there to the afterdeck . 
 on this deck there were gaily upholstered sun loungers , and tables within easy reach . 
 some more formal garden type chairs were placed round a larger table which were under the covered deck . 
 this deck had open sides , and there was provision for the hanging of canvas wind awnings . 
 bobby bell pulled out one of the chairs at the table , and indicated that john mcbride should be seated . 
 `` i 'll just be a minute mixing the drinks , '' he said , and disappeared through the door to the stateroom . 
 first he went down the companionway to the lower deck , and into his cabin . 
 in a bulkhead , he touched one of the panels , and it swung open to reveal a safe . 
 he quickly opened it , took six # 100 packets of isle of man notes , and put them in his pocket . 
 he closed the safe and the panel , and went back up the companionway to the stateroom bar . 
 he took two glasses off the shelf , and a bottle of gin . 
 he went across to the deck door . 
 `` will gin and tonic be okay , or would you prefer beer ? '' 
 `` beer , please . '' 
 back at the bar , bobby pulled a can of beer out of the fridge , and mixed gin and tonic for himself . 
 sitting down , bell said , `` cheers , '' and took a swig of his gin . 
 `` bottoms up , '' replied mcbride . 
 bobby bell reached into his pocket brought the # 600 in isle of man currency on the table . 
 `` here you are . 
 this is for the painting . '' 
 mcbride looked at the money on the table . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 thank you . 
 i 'll let you have a receipt . '' 
 `` do n't bother , the painting is the receipt . 
 just come with me , leave the drinks here . '' 
 bobby led the way through the door into the stateroom . 
 he pointed to the bulkhead opposite the door , to one side of the door to the wheelhouse . 
 he strode over to the wall , used his hands to gesture and frame the area he imagined the painting would be . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 mcbride gazed at the opposite side of the room , at bobby holding his arms up the wall . 
 `` yes , i think it will be fine there . 
 with the mirror plates , you just put woodscrews through them , and it will hold the picture solidly , without any chance of it coming down in rough weather . '' 
 bobby went over to a chair , sat down . 
 `` i will sit here and admire it , and think of this day , '' he said . 
 mcbride said : `` will you show me round your boat ? 
 you told me you would . '' 
 `` oh , yes , sure . 
 well this is the stateroom , and through here . '' 
 he opened a door , went up a couple of steps , is the wheelhouse . 
 he turned round as mcbride came through , `` is the state of the art technology . 
 we 've gps , echo sounder , radar , satellite telecoms , wi-fi . 
 we 're never out of touch with the world . 
 the engine room is aft , as i told you we have twin diesel engines . 
 gardners , overhauled a couple of years back . 
 we have a bow thruster , electrical , so we can turn on a sixpence . '' 
 `` and a pair of night vision binoculars , just like my friend lost , down in hoylake . 
 i saw somebody pick them up . '' 
 `` these ? '' 
 said bobby bell . 
 `` why they belong to my brother gerry , he skippers for me . '' 
 bobby stepped through another door , out on to the foredeck . 
 `` we 've got a companionway here down to the crew accommodation , and this way , '' said bobby , `` there 's the galley with full catering equipment , and a dining room up forward of that . 
 back here , '' bobby about turned , walked down the side deck aft , where there was a companionway off the aft deck , he started down , followed by john mcbride . 
 `` this is the lower deck , here is the owner 's cabin , '' he opened the door to show a magnificent cabin running the full width of the boat , 20 feet across , and 20 ' deep . 
 fitted furniture , dressing tables , chests of drawers , lined each side . 
 there was a 78 '' wide bed , and flanking that , wardrobes at either side . 
 there was even a sofa and two easy chairs . 
 a television screen was mounted on one bulkhead . 
 there was a door off to an en-suite bathroom . 
 this time , mcbride looked round and raised his eyebrows . 
 bobby trailed john round the rest of the cabins , and even into the crew quarters . 
 they went back on to the upper deck , and bobby said , `` i think you 've seen it all now . 
 come on , we 've been neglecting our drinks . '' 
 he led mcbride back to the aft deck , where they sat again , with their drinks . 
 `` when did you arrive on the island mr mcbride ? '' 
 `` this morning , actually i flew in from liverpool to ronaldsway . 
 i just came into the main area , when guess who i saw , friend murphy , i believe you know him . 
 he was going up to the departure lounge , to go through security . 
 he saw me , and turned to run . 
 i 'm afraid i did a rugby tackle and floored him . 
 then it was all hell with the security staff . 
 we both ended up in handcuffs . 
 but once we sorted it , they let me go . 
 so i got a taxi into douglas , and booked into a hotel , and came down to the harbour to start my first painting . 
 i told my agent i 'd let him have ten pictures of the isle of man . '' 
 `` i heard about murphy 's arrest this morning , probably as it happened . 
 the police were searching the boat , when the news came through to the detective sergeant . 
 so he told us about it . '' 
 `` another amazing coincidence , '' mcbride said with a grin . 
 `` indeed it was . 
 i had no idea that murphy was following me around , or so it seemed . 
 he and i were at school together in belfast . 
 but after leaving school , i went into estate agency , and murphy went into crime . 
 he had a bad start in life , parents kicked him around . 
 he was n't loved . '' 
 mcbride stood up . 
 `` well thank you for the drink , and thank you for buying the painting . 
 i must get on , now , probably paint another picture this afternoon . '' 
 bobby bell leaned on the rail , and watched mcbride walk down the pontoon , and up the harbour steps with his easel case in one hand , board in the other . 
 when he was out of sight , bobby went through to the wheelhouse to put the binoculars in a drawer . 
 that had been a silly mistake . 
 he searched high and low , but the binoculars had gone . 
 bobby swore under his breath . 
 `` thieving bastard . '' 
 mcbride had tied the case up as tight as he could . 
 murphy would go to prison for a long time . 
 he must email dusty miller tonight , tell him about today 's events . 
 and tell him that he had recovered dusty 's binoculars . 
 chapter forty-six danny nolan lay in bed , wondering where he was . 
 he had a crashing headache , and somebody was talking . 
 in fact two people were talking . 
 he plucked up courage to try and open his eyes , any light and his headache would vanish off the top of the pain meter . 
 he half-opened one eye . 
 it was fairly dark in the room . 
 but whose room was it ? 
 not his flat , that was for sure . 
 above the pain , his brain started working . 
 they had buried his kid brother yesterday , or more correctly cremated him . 
 the pain was due to the monstrous amount of drink he had consumed with jimmy 's police force cronies . 
 it was coming back to him now . 
 he was in a hotel bedroom . 
 he opened his eyes fully . 
 he was lying on a bed , fully dressed . 
 talking was coming from the television set . 
 he must have left it on last night . 
 suddenly he heard the voice on the television mention the name murphy . 
 he sat up on the bed , sharply , making his headache worse . 
 he squinted at the screen . 
 a female newsreader said , `` he was arrested this morning at ronaldsway airport on the isle of man . 
 over now , to our man at the airport , john smythe . '' 
 the screen showed a man dressed in a blazer , standing outside an airport , or maybe he was n't at the airport at all , but standing in front of a bit of stock footage being screened behind him . 
 he spoke into a microphone he was holding , whilst looking direct at the camera , or maybe looking at the autocue surrounding the lens . 
 `` i 'm here at the isle of man airport , where a dramatic incident has just unfolded . 
 a passenger who had just landed at the airport , recognised murphy , the man police have been looking for in connection with last week 's armed bullion hijack . 
 he was just making his way to the departure lounge . 
 the passenger rugby tackled murphy , and security staff took both men into custody at the airport . 
 murphy , who is believed to have left england several days ago , was carrying a briefcase believed to contain over a million pounds sterling . 
 eamon murphy , sixty , has been taken into police custody , and will appear tomorrow morning at chester magistrate 's court . 
 he is expected to be remanded in custody , charged with murder and armed robbery . 
 the passenger who tackled him has been released without charge . '' 
 the picture changed and the woman announcer said `` and other news this morning ... '' nolan , reached over , and switched the set off . 
 my god , he was in the right place , at the right time , and with the right equipment . 
 now danny knew he would be able to avenge jimmy 's death by murphy 's hand . 
 danny was staying at a premier inn which was no more than fifteen miles from chester . 
 he had ample time to scope out the magistrates ' court , and get ready to shoot murphy , as he was coming out of the court tomorrow . 
 he hurried downstairs , through the restaurant to the reception desk . 
 `` good morning , i seem to have overslept . 
 room 29 . 
 what time do i have to vacate my room ? '' 
 the young female looked up at the wall clock . 
 `` about half an hour ago , '' she said , deadpan . 
 `` okay , i 'll just go and get my luggage . 
 can i have my bill ? '' 
 the girl took pity on him . 
 `` you can have another half an hour . 
 we are n't full tonight . '' 
 she turned to the computer , tapped a few keys , and the bill was spewing out of the printer . 
 she removed it with a flourish , and placed it on the counter , right way up for nolan to read . 
 `` gosh , no wonder i 've got a bad head this morning , '' he said . 
 there was a seemingly endless list of wines and spirits on the sheet . 
 `` you did n't drink it all yourself , '' said the girl . 
 `` i was on the desk , and i saw a lot of people helping you . '' 
 danny nolan pulled out his wallet , and prepared to max out his credit card . 
 when he had sorted out the financial transaction , he sped upstairs to pack his case . 
 when he re-entered the lobby , he said to the receptionist , `` do you have a street map of chester ? '' 
 she pointed to a rack of maps and paperbacks . 
 `` i think there is one on there . 
 the maps are on the bottom shelf . 
 nolan eyed the street plans , birkenhead , liverpool , manchester , and finally chester . 
 he pulled it out , grimaced at the price , and paid for it . 
 the girl took his money . 
 `` if this is too expensive , you might get a free one at the tourist information in chester . 
 `` i 'd probably need a map to find it , '' smiled nolan . 
 `` i 'll have this one . '' 
 out in his car , he looked up the central area , and spotted the magistrates court , and , nearby a multi storey car park attached to a shopping centre . 
 he plotted a route , writing on a notepad directions for himself . 
 he was amazed to see that it was lunchtime already , and once en route , kept his eye out for somewhere to eat . 
 he had forgotten , or could n't face the food when he was fragile . 
 now he was rapidly recovering , and hunger pangs were niggling . 
 he pulled into the forecourt of a large pub that advertised ` food all day ' . 
 as he entered the bar , which was quiet in this pre-lunchtime period , he saw a rack of newspapers , and pulled one out for himself , as he approached the bar . 
 there was a sandwich menu , and he looked at it as he ordered a coffee . 
 when the barmaid came back with his coffee , he ordered a round of sandwiches . 
 whilst he waited for these , he unfolded the newspaper , but it was printed too early for news of murphy 's arrest . 
 he glanced round the bar for a suitable table , and noticed a television attached to the wall at the far end of the room . 
 it was on , but with the sound turned down . 
 it was tuned to sky news , with ` breaking news ' scrolling across the bottom of the screen danny nolan sat at a table near the television set , and when the barmaid brought him the sandwich he 'd ordered . 
 he asked if she could turn up the sound and sat eating his sandwich , and catching up with the news , most of which did n't interest him in the slightest . 
 the news about murphy 's capture came round again , but nothing extra was given . 
 it was just a rehash of the news item he had seen in the hotel . 
 in fact it was now abbreviated , because they no longer broadcast the live clip outside the isle of man airport . 
 danny was n't disappointed . 
 there could be very little to say before murphy had attended the magistrate court hearing , and then the media would have a field day , if danny did the job right . 
 what a mistake murphy made when he decided to murder danny nolan 's young brother . 
 danny nolan , maybe the only sniper in europe . 
 that was asking for trouble . 
 nolan daydreamed through his lunch . 
 would he use the car to shoot from ? 
 he had done that a few times during the troubles in belfast . 
 that was okay then , in a city he knew like the back of his hand . 
 if there was trouble , he could vanish quickly . 
 not so easy in chester , a city he did n't know at all . 
 the idea of operating as a sniper from a car had n't been his idea , it had been his superior in the provos . 
 and it had worked very well . 
 they had adapted cars , so that the rifle could be hidden in the roof lining . 
 even if the car had been stopped , they were in the clear . 
 that had gone on for a couple of years , and then the british army had raided one of their hideouts , and found a car they had used . 
 they stripped it down , and discovered the sniper rifle , and its hiding place . 
 danny had also shot from trees , and the upper rooms of houses . 
 in this case of dealing with murphy , he had no time to rent a room overlooking the court , so that was out . 
 which method he would ultimately use would be decided tonight . 
 one thing for certain was that this method of murder in peacetime had never been used , as far as he was aware , in england . 
 it had been in the usa a few times , certainly ; and during times of war , yes . 
 it was strange that this method of murder was n't used . 
 it was detached , for the murderer . 
 unlike knife work , or close up shooting . 
 one shot at a range of three hundred yards , and sometimes more , and , in the distance , a body fell to the ground . 
 it was certainly detached . 
 nolan looked at his watch as he came out of the pub . 
 it was not even one o’clock . 
 coming into chester , traffic was very slow on hoole road . 
 nolan did n't know it , but traffic was always slow on hoole road . 
 eventually he was over the railway bridge , and then left , he remembered , and eventually came to what he had called the very large roundabout . 
 in fact , it was a large rectangular one way route , encircling a block of buildings . 
 he thought that he should be off at the fifth exit , but in confusion , he took the fourth exit . 
 and it became obvious it was the wrong road he was on very quickly . 
 now he had to find somewhere to turn round , and it was a very busy route . 
 eventually , he came to a wide stretch , where he was able to do a u-turn , in a gap in the traffic , although it earned him a fair bit of horn-blowing . 
 then it was back to the huge one way rectangle , and this time he was very careful to take the correct exit . 
 nolan saw the multi-storey car park as he approached , and signalled a right turn into the entrance . 
 but there was a sign forbidding what he was about to do . 
 swearing under his breath , he cancelled his signal and drove straight on . 
 he assumed that sooner or later he would be able to turn and backtrack . 
 eventually he arrived at a roundabout , and he was able to do just that . 
 when he approached the car park again , he was able to turn up a short street that terminated at the car park slope . 
 the ticket barrier was on the first level , but still on the cusp of the slope , so that stopping to extract a ticket was not easy . 
 once through into the car park , he read the tariff board . 
 twenty-four hour parking was allowed at a charge of # 15 . 
 that would suit him he reckoned that he would be leaving the car park by ten or so the next morning . 
 if not , he would be leaving chester in a big white 4gs van . 
 he left his gear in the trunk of the car , and wandered down to street level , with his map of chester . 
 standing on the street , he checked direction , and then made his way purposefully to chester crown court . 
 he walked past the front of the impressive modern building , and then turned into st nicholas street . 
 the frontage had no car parking , but was a public entrance , and indeed , he imagined , the way in if you had attended without police escort . 
 walking along st nicholas street took him past the side of the court building , until he came to the car park . 
 in fact there was the main car park , and then beyond , an overflow car park . 
 this is bordered by a street running at ninety degrees to st nicholas street . 
 it is called weaver street , and the back of the magistrates court is cuppin street . 
 it was a cinch of a location for snipers . 
 there were large trees all over the site . 
 danny entered the car park purposefully , as though he had parked there , and walked towards the far side of the park , then looked towards the back of the court . 
 as he had expected , a couple of 4gs prisoner carrier vans were parked up in one corner . 
 he dawdled , acting as though he was a member of staff , and had just come out for a smoke , reaching in his pocket , putting a pencil in his mouth , and pretending to light it . 
 he took the pencil out of his mouth , cupped it in his hand , walking around in small circles . 
 he did n't have to wait long . 
 the double doors at the back of the building opened , and a man accompanied by two hulky guards , came through on to the terrace , which had railings round the perimeter , except where a flight of steps , wide enough for three people to descend abreast , came down to the car park . 
 indeed , the three people did descend abreast , and at the bottom wheeled left to the waiting vans . 
 nolan was very happy . 
 it just got better and better . 
 he looked around the car park , the furthest , and the biggest trees were about three hundred yards away , there was a nearer group , about one hundred and fifty yards away , a bit close perhaps , if police , instead of attending to the victim , ran straight to where they might have thought the shot had come from . 
 that was unlikely , and , thought nolan , could be discounted . 
 the first thought would be that the shooter was in a car , or on foot . 
 by the time that happened , if indeed it did , he would be on the ground , no weapon in his possession , because it would still be in the tree , and he would be just an onlooker . 
 in fact , he would n't be running away , but just another of the people who would be coming to see what had happened . 
 the ambulance and police cars would arrive quickly , as well as police from the court building , where he imagined , business would be suspended . 
 he would stick around in the crowd , until the ambulance turned off its blue lights , an indication that murphy was dead , and nobody needed to rush . 
 the stairs down from the terrace were another bonus . 
 the guards and murphy would pause at the top of the steps , looking down to tread on the first stair . 
 nolan would focus his sight on the top step , and then wait . 
 it would be like shooting birds in a cage . 
 chapter forty-seven nolan wandered idly out of the car park and into cuppin street . 
 he walked down on the right hand side of the street , so that he was on the pavement running adjacent to the court car park . 
 as he walked down , he glanced at the trees . 
 the group he had decided would be suitable to shoot from , he needed to check out . 
 as he came up to them , he examined the branches , the third one of the group , and therefore the one nearest to the target , looked ideal . 
 the trunk was three feet in diameter , and the limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground . 
 he thought it was a sycamore . 
 it was a very limby sort of tree , and would be ideal for him . 
 but it was early afternoon , and he did n't need to be up in position until late tonight . 
 or rather , in the early hours of tomorrow , before it got light . 
 he decided to window shop , followed by an evening meal . 
 then perhaps he would go to the cinema , if there was one . 
 he bought a copy of the local paper in the shopping centre , and sat in a coffee house , reading it . 
 there was indeed a cinema ` easily reached on foot from the city centre ' , it advertised . 
 but when nolan looked on his map , it looked quite a long walk . 
 but he had nothing else to do this evening . 
 at 6pm , window shopping finished , he found a chain restaurant in eastgate , with italian style menu , and went in and ordered . 
 at least in a chain restaurant , people were unlikely to remember you . 
 that might not be the case in a more up-market establishment . 
 the food was quite good , and nolan lingered over sweet and coffee , reading his newspaper . 
 to avoid drawing attention to himself he made sure that he did not outstay his welcome , and left for the lengthy walk to the cinema . 
 when he arrived he found that it was a multiplex , and that there was no less than a choice of six films . 
 he made a choice that would finish in time to see another film later in the evening , and that he would be out at midnight . 
 the first film he saw , he enjoyed . 
 when he went in to see the second film , he fell asleep , and did n't wake up until the lights came up , and the sound of people departing woke him . 
 he walked slowly back to the city centre . 
 when he arrived at the multi storey car park , it was gone one o’clock , and there were very few people about . 
 this seemed to him a good omen . 
 when he got to his car , he appeared to be the only person on that floor . 
 he looked round for cctv cameras , on the way up , but they were few and far between , obviously installed in the early days of camera security . 
 he reckoned he could get out of the car park without being caught by a single camera , if he was careful and avoided using the pedestrian staircase . 
 he went to the boot of his car , and pulled out an old golf bag . 
 there were three clubs sticking out through the top . 
 what was also in there , but not visible was a lee enfield .303 calibre british army sniper 's rifle , chosen at the factory for its consistent accuracy , because in the manufacture of hundreds of thousands of these rifles , quality varied . 
 it was then fitted with a wooden cheekpiece , and with a telescopic sight , a number 32 3.5 x. not a very powerful sight , but good enough up to about 600 yards . 
 the lee enfield was the staple rifle used by the british army from 1895 to 1957 officially , but it had lingered on in use until the 1970s . 
 nolan had heard that snipers could kill with it at 1200 yards , but that was an unlikely boast , in his opinion . 
 certainly before world war one , the rifle was fired in competitions called `` mad minute , '' when the aim was to hit a target at 450 yards , with the largest number of hits . 
 a sergeant who scored thirty-eight hits in that time held the record . 
 each time the rifle was fired , the bolt action had to be slid back to eject the spent cartridge , and then returned to load the next bullet . 
 the lee enfield had a clip-on magazine that held ten bullets , eleven including a bullet in the breech . 
 the sergeant who held that record had to attach four magazines in that minute , never mind fire the rifle , and hit the target ! 
 nolan had a magazine with only three bullets in it . 
 if he could n't hit the target in one , he was n't going to hang around . 
 the deadliest shot is a bullet in the head , but snipers play safe and aim for the mass of the victim 's chest , and the bullet kills by hydrostatic shock . 
 nolan took out a length of rope , and wound it round his waist beneath his jacket . 
 fortunately , he was a thin man , and the result was only to make him look slightly overweight . 
 this was all the equipment he needed , and his next task was to get out of the car park unseen , and , of course , arrive at the magistrate 's court seen by very few , if any people . 
 the give-away would be the golf bag . 
 before he left his car , he had changed his mind . 
 he could actually get the rifle down his trouser leg , but he would have to wear a loose coat . 
 the barrel went down the trouser leg , and the stock was retained by his belt although it reached his chest , hence he needed the coat disguise . 
 fortunately he was going to walk the streets in the dark , so he should get away with it . 
 he had done it before . 
 in the car boot , he had a walking cane , which he had to use , because he could n't bend one of his legs , with the rifle in place . 
 behind the car , he partially undressed , hiding the rifle , and looked down , with his coat on . 
 he then used the walking stick in his other hand , and he could swing his stiff leg along in a convincing disabled way . 
 he locked the car , checked he had the rifle 's magazine , and left to walk carefully down the vehicle ramps , which were not equipped with cameras , except at the exit . 
 when he reached that point , he found the pedestrian exit at the back of the park , and slipped through the door . 
 he hardly met a soul on his way to the court . 
 the streets in this area contained no nightclubs or other forms of night entertainment , for which nolan was thankful . 
 he skirted the court 's perimeter , until he arrived in the deserted cuppin street . 
 when he was opposite the tree he had chosen as his attack station , he stepped quietly into the shadows . 
 in the deepest of these , he stopped and gazed upwards . 
 the bough he needed to reach , fourteen feet up the tree , was itself more than a foot in diameter . 
 he unwound the rope from his waist . 
 it was knotted at intervals into loops that would accommodate his feet , and had a largish steel ring on the end . 
 he swung the end of the rope , and let it go to loop upwards and over the bough . 
 years ago , when he was working with the provos , he had practised this move and many others , until he was perfect . 
 the rope snaked back down again , and he snatched the ring and threaded the other end through it . 
 he pulled until the rope was secured . 
 he grabbed at the rope and pulled his flexible leg in a loop four feet up and straightened it using both hands to pull himself up . 
 then he changed feet in the loop , and repeated the exercise . 
 a third time , and he could sit on the bough , and pull up the rope , and drape it round the branch . 
 in the dark , anyone looking up in to the tree would not see him . 
 he took some time , deciding where he would position himself . 
 with some difficulty , he extracted the rifle from his trousers , and reaching into his pocket pulled out the magazine , and clipped it to the rifle , with a small click , as it went smoothly into position . 
 nolan rested the rifle across two stout branches , parallel to the ground , whilst he was now free to manoeuvre through the tree 's canopy , selecting his position . 
 he must be back in the shade that would come with sun-up , and yet have a good view of his target , and a comfortable position for himself , because he must spend some hours without moving . 
 he needed a branch large enough not to be disturbed by wind , that he would support the barrel of the rifle on . 
 it took him three quarters of an hour to select and move to a favoured position , and then he had his rifle within easy reach . 
 resting back in a large crook in the tree , where three boughs joined , he dozed , and eventually slept , only to be awakened by the morning traffic passing a few hundred yards away on the main road . 
 he looked at his watch : it was seven o’clock . 
 chapter forty-eight at eight forty-five , a large white van drew up next to the back door of the court , facing nolan . 
 two men got out , one of them handcuffed to murphy , and quickly mounted the steps to enter . 
 cars now started to fill the public area of the park , some of the cars were between nolan and the door to the court , but he was not concerned . 
 he was now eighteen feet from the ground , and the door into the court must be about six feet above street level . 
 nolan expected that the murphy hearing , if it came up first , and he thought it might , would only take , maybe fifteen minutes . 
 all murphy would be required to do was confirm his name and bail would scarcely be asked for or granted in such a serious crime . 
 so nolan had to be ready to shoot in about fifteen minutes on . 
 and he had to be sure not to shoot the wrong person , if somebody else exited the building first . 
 he lay along one of the branches with his cheek against the stock , looking through the sight showing an enlarged set of steps . 
 he aimed at the centre of the steps , and about five feet above . 
 he watched , relaxing himself so that his arm and hands would not be tense , and thereby tremble . 
 it was as well that he prepared himself early , because before he thought it possible the double doors were opening , and two guards , with murphy between them , emerged . 
 as nolan had predicted , the group hesitated on the edge of the terrace , looking down to put their feet on the first stair . 
 nolan had the sight in the centre of murphy 's chest , and slowly squeezed the trigger . 
 the rifle recoiled against his shoulder , but experience had prepared him to ride it . 
 he heard the shot , a loud crack , reverberate off the court building and echo away . 
 he saw murphy pushed back slightly with the impact , and then he was crumpling , held up by confused guards . 
 nolan , placed the rifle safely in the branches , then scrambled quietly down to the large branch that still held the rope . 
 nolan did n't let it down , he could hit the ground by hanging by his arms from the branch , and then dropping the remaining four feet , and bouncing quickly upright , and nonchalantly walking on to the street , looking round as though he had heard the babble of voices in the car park . 
 as indeed he had . 
 he entered through a space between the shrubbery . 
 there were three people looking towards the court house , an elderly man and two women , one perhaps his wife , the other his middle aged daughter . 
 nolan said , `` is there a problem ? 
 i heard a noise as i was walking down the street . '' 
 the daughter said , `` god , a man has been shot . 
 police are coming out of the court house . 
 look , '' she pointed , `` just there at the top of the steps . 
 the man fell to the ground when a gun went off . '' 
 there were more people congregating . 
 police sirens could be heard rapidly approaching . 
 two cars swept into the car park , and nolan and the other three people jumped back to give them room . 
 they were quickly followed by an ambulance , blue lights flashing . 
 there were probably thirty members of the public now edging forward . 
 a policeman went towards them , urging them to ` keep back ' . 
 the ambulance men were putting murphy , by now strapped to a stretcher , in the back of the ambulance . 
 ten minutes later , the ambulance flashing lights were turned off , and danny nolan knew that murphy was dead . 
 several of the crowd began to drift away , and nolan went with them , to collect his car from the multi storey car park . 
 he left his equipment in the tree . 
 it could not be traced to him . 
 about the author currently a watercolour artist , specialising in landscapes and townscapes , david chilcott 's paintings currently appear in two lifestyle magazines and in several galleries . 
 he also gives tuition in painting . 
 this might be why the subject of painting does appear from time to time in his first novel ! 
 preview : cruise the storm chapter 1 michael morton was an mi5 operative , late thirties , been with them since he left college . 
 sometimes he got good postings ; sometimes he was given terrible jobs . 
 the last job had been a lousy one , so he deserved better this time . 
 his last posting had been in manchester , where it rained for much of the year . 
 or so it seemed . 
 he was keeping surveillance of a middle-eastern gentleman . 
 his boss was convinced that the man was about to blow up the big arndale centre in the middle of the city . 
 morton knew he would n't , because the irish had already done that one , about twenty years ago . 
 terrorists like to be original . 
 after morton had lived in a dingy flat for six months spending his time going through old cctv tapes and discs . 
 when he was n't doing that , he would be sitting in vans up back streets , watching , always watching , and never seeing anything of note . 
 keith bourne had come up on the mi5 radar screen recently , when he had left the english defence league , and started a terrorist league of his own . 
 the white christian league , or wcl for short . 
 he took with him about twenty of the bad boys from the english defence league , and they were pleased to get rid of bourne , and even more pleased that he had rid them of the trash as well . 
 the white christians had a rudimentary aim and object , fighting muslims and jews . 
 after they had done a few street marches through muslim areas of cities , taunting them with banners making derogatory remarks , they progressed to setting fire to mosques . 
 usually when the congregations were praying . 
 this drew huge publicity to bourne and his gang , and the membership rose fast . 
 morton estimated that they already had at least ten thousand members . 
 mi5 had missed information that not only bourne , but about a dozen of his colleagues had booked a cruise on the helena sailing from southampton the day they found out . 
 the owners of the helena had phoned morton , and asked him if he was aware of the party sailing that afternoon . 
 and what crime were they about to commit . 
 in the opinion of sun cruises plc , it might well be a hijack , to take place in the med . 
 it had happened before , although it failed miserably . 
 that might allow it to happen again with no loss of face . 
 mi5 vowed that it would get its act together in future , and morton told sun cruises that he was grateful for their alertness . 
 furthermore , he would like to join the voyage , perhaps boarding the helena at its first port of call . 
 this would be vigo , in spain . 
 there was no way that he could join the voyage in southampton . 
 there just was n't time . 
 he calmed their fears by pointing out that there had never been a successful hijack yet . 
 you could n't count the somali affairs , which was piracy , a different kettle of fish . 
 he also mentioned that he was very keen to nobble the league , and together , they could do it . 
 bourne had planned his proposed hijack , for that indeed was what he was going to attempt , with remarkable attention to detail . 
 he knew that he could n't get arms through with passenger luggage , because of the scanning equipment , so he had made other arrangements . 
 they were going to have a bit of a holiday before the hijacking , the gang of them . 
 bourne was feeling laid back as he boarded the vessel . 
 morton went to see his boss the day before he left for spain . 
 it was n't often he got to head office . 
 he arrived on the bus , and walked through the sightseers for the balance of the journey . 
 baxter met him in the foyer to ease him through security which was very tight at the moment -- sometimes it was very lax , he did n't know why , and probably no-one else did . 
 baxter 's office was on the third floor , and they went up by the stairs . 
 this was baxter 's fitness regime . 
 on the way down the corridor on baxter 's floor , they stopped by the coffee machine , and bought drinks , which they carried into the small office , which was solely occupied by baxter . 
 apart from baxter 's desk and chair , there was just room for a visitor 's chair , and a single tall filing cabinet . 
 baxter kicked the door shut after morton had entered , walked round his desk to his chair , carefully placing the plastic coffee cup on a coaster , and pushed another coaster over to morton , for his cup . 
 morton took a sip of his drink , shuddered , and put it back on the desk . 
 `` i think it is a very good idea to join the cruise ship , at least you will give you a break from manchester . 
 you might meet a rich young widow , bring her home , and leave the service to live on her fortune . '' 
 morton smiled . 
 `` that would be nice . 
 as i say , sun cruises are convinced bourne 's going to attempt a hijack . 
 the guy 's an absolute nutter , so they could be right . 
 and since we did n't tip off the cruise line , i suppose we owe it to them to take it seriously . '' 
 baxter looked at morton . 
 `` it could be really serious if we are sending innocent passengers into a hostage situation . 
 it does n't bear thinking about . 
 maybe we could suggest to sun cruises that they turn the ship round , come back to southampton . 
 then we could have the police arrest the terrorists on some trumped up charge . 
 by the time they got out of the cells the ship would have sailed without them . '' 
 `` i ca n't see sun cruises being happy about that . 
 they think there wo n't be a hijack , because there are no weapons aboard . 
 i tend to agree . '' 
 baxter pondered for a couple of minutes , and morton was on the point of standing up thinking the conversation was over , when he spoke . 
 `` let us say for the sake of this debate , that the ship is clean , no weapons of any sort on board when it left southampton . '' 
 another thought suddenly occurred to him . 
 `` the crew do n't have arms on board , or do they ? '' 
 morton shook his head . 
 `` i have been assured by the chairman that they only carry six tear gas grenades . 
 to quell riots , the chairman said . '' 
 baxter laughed loudly . 
 `` riots ? 
 on a posh cruise ship ? 
 god , the average age of the passengers is probably about eighty ! '' 
 he carried on laughing for a minute or so , tears streaming down his face . 
 `` he did say that they never had occasion to use the tear gas , '' said morton . 
 he waited while baxter had finished another bout of laughter . 
 `` i do n't really find it funny . 
 so , as i was saying , we can take it that there are no weapons aboard as we speak , and the only way they can get aboard , is when they take on stores during the voyage . 
 about a couple of occasions only . '' 
 baxter said , `` they really need to tighten up on their security , if they think there is going to be a hijack . 
 there really should be no way to get weapons aboard , and if that is so , there can be no hijack . 
 unless it is going to be a bare knuckle fight . '' 
 baxter smiled at his wit , and morton smiled because baxter was his boss . 
 `` that is what i shall be looking at , when i 'm aboard . 
 security . 
 the line are sure that there are no weapons are aboard at present , because of their security measures , so i have to stop anything happening during the voyage . 
 i can concentrate on that one hundred percent . '' 
 `` good , '' said baxter , `` what about vigo , where you board . 
 could anything come aboard before you arrive there ? '' 
 `` i 've checked that out , already . 
 they take no stores aboard before their next port of call , which is malaga . '' 
 `` well , i wish you luck , and ` bon voyage ' . 
 if you have any problems , give me a shout . '' 
 `` on the pretty young widow front do you mean ? '' 
 said morton . 
 `` not unless you want to tell me about that . 
 really , i was talking about the hijack . '' 
 morton left his cup of coffee undrunk , and left the building wondering why the service could n't do something about the ghastly drinks . 
 chapter 2 keith bourne had last been in spain over a year ago , before he was under surveillance by the mi5 . 
 which as just as well , because then he was going to buy arms . 
 he recalled flying in on easyjet to malaga and catching a bus to fuengirola where he had booked a two bed studio apartment . 
 this was as the money in subscriptions had started pour in . 
 he arrived in the early afternoon , found his apartment , left his luggage and headed for a bar he had seen from the bus . 
 it was called the john bull bar , with a union jack fluttering from a flagpole angled from the wall over the name . 
 you did n't need to be a genius to bet they spoke english , and moreover that they were english , or scottish or welsh . 
 there were a-boards in front of the outdoor tables saying roast beef dinners , fish and chips on one , and john smith bitter , on the other . 
 bourne went inside , nearly dark in there , no customers , except himself . 
 there had been no customers outside either . 
 he stood still until his eyes became accustomed to the gloom , all plastic beams and panelling . 
 a guy , in his fifties , stood behind the bar , reading an english language newspaper . 
 he was wearing braces and a striped shirt with the sleeves rolled up . 
 bourne leaned against the bar . 
 `` a pint of smiths , please '' out of the door he could see the sunny weather , and not far off , the tower blocks of flats , built closely together . 
 `` four euros please mate . '' 
 bourne pulled local currency out of his pocket . 
 `` have you lived here long ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` five years . '' 
 `` time enough to get to know your way around . '' 
 the bar owner examined his face . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking to get in touch with one of those english criminals that are supposed to be living on the costa del sol . '' 
 `` they do n't live here mate , too down market for them . 
 they 're up the coast , in marbella , and in puerto banus . 
 if you were to go up there , and pop into an english bar , and ask the same question , you would hit the jackpot . '' 
 `` can i catch a bus there ? '' 
 `` yes , sure . 
 the bus station is just down the road , on this side . 
 takes about twenty minutes , to marbella . '' 
 he wiped the already clean bar down with a wet cloth , when he had served the pint . 
 when the bus reached marbella bus station , bourne got off , and then realized it was a long walk into town . 
 outside the station was a taxi rank . 
 bugger the expense . 
 he took a cab into the centre . 
 when he arrived in town , he could see why the criminal class did n't live in fuengirola . 
 there were shady squares with orange trees , beautiful old buildings . 
 he had n't thought a city centre could be so attractive . 
 he realized that the pub area was a walk , back the way he 'd come . 
 he 'd noticed this from the taxi . 
 eventually he arrived in an area of bars , not all english . 
 he chose an english bar that was moderately busy , people sitting on tables outside , a lot of beer being drunk from pint glasses , a buzz of conversation in bourne 's native language . 
 he walked inside , and there were even a few people there , mostly standing by the bar . 
 a barmaid , spanish looking , came along the bar towards him . 
 `` si ? '' 
 she said , smiling . 
 bourne smiled back . 
 `` is the boss in ? '' 
 `` it is the boss lady , '' the girl said . 
 `` tell me your name and i go and ask . '' 
 `` it 's keith , she will know . '' 
 the girl picked up the phone , spoke in spanish , put the phone down again . 
 went back to serving drinks . 
 shortly , a stout lady in her fifties came pounding down the stairs . 
 she stood , surveying the customers , looking puzzled , probably wondering whom she knew called keith . 
 bourne was the only person not accompanied so she said to him , `` call you keith ? 
 i do n't know you . '' 
 `` yes it was me that asked for you . 
 i knew you would n't come down except if it was someone you knew . 
 sorry about that . 
 there is only one question i want to ask . '' 
 she was already turning to climb back up the stairs . 
 `` well , ask it . 
 i might not tell you though . '' 
 `` do you know any of the expats who would sell me some rifles ? '' 
 he kept his voice low , and she had to lean forward . 
 `` not in this bar . 
 we do n't have no time for the crims . '' 
 she paused , and then made up her mind . 
 `` there is a lot of british ex-cons drink in the spanish bar . 
 turn right out of the door , next door but one . '' 
 `` thank you , '' said bourne over his shoulder , on the way out . 
 the spanish bar , with no name above the door was heaving . 
 lots of tables out front , all taken , lots of people drinking espressos , one or two eating tapas . 
 inside the bar , a marble floor , a wood-faced marble counter , with men , no women , leaning over their drinks , talking and occasionally laughing , some drinking the local liqueur , or else beers . 
 a large espresso machine stood on a counter at the back of the bar . 
 there were two barmen , and several waiters to tend the tables . 
 all were dressed in the same uniform , white shirts , bow ties and black trousers . 
 bourne wondered what question he was going to put to the barman behind the counter . 
 he chickened out and wandered back outside . 
 a table was just coming free , two people getting up and leaving . 
 the table adjacent to a group of men speaking english , and judging by the repartee between them and the waiters , long term customers . 
 he took a chance , and sat at the now vacant table . 
 within seconds , despite the rush and bustle , a waiter had spotted him and came over for his order . 
 he sat back to listen to the conversation at the large table . 
 the nearest person , a red-faced man in a white cap , short-sleeved shirt and white chinos was the ringleader , the most popular of the group . 
 he told the most jokes , tall stories , and everybody listened with rapt attention . 
 one did n't have to listen for long to know his name was biff . 
 and half his stories or more concerned the police , and how he evaded them , what places he and his friends had turned over . 
 how they had been banged up , and how often . 
 the tricks they had got up to in the slammer . 
 that the others found this compelling indicated that they had trodden the same career path . 
 one thing was certain to bourne -- he had reached the right people . 
 he sipped his espresso , carried on listening . 
 when the waiter came by half an hour later , he ordered a bottle of beer -- san miguel . 
 eventually biff 's friends started to drift away , in ones and twos , until there were only a few people at any of the tables outdoors , though inside still remained busy . 
 when biff was eventually alone , and had ordered another beer , bourne spoke to him . 
 `` i could n't help but hear your escapades . 
 do you know how i can buy some rifles here ? '' 
 biff did n't turn his head . 
 he casually picked up his copy of the times , and opened it somewhere in the middle , and started reading . 
 `` do n't look at me , because they 're watching me from across the street . 
 carry on talking but look back at the bar , then they wo n't see your lips moving . '' 
 bourne did as he was told . 
 `` i need about twelve rifles , oh and a pistol . 
 i do n't need them now , but about one year 's time . 
 the idea is for you to get them in a consignment of fruit , being picked up from malaga , and loaded on a cruise ship . 
 i do n't have to spell it out , do i ? '' 
 for a few moments biff did n't speak . 
 he turned a page of his newspaper , still with his head buried in it . 
 `` you plan a long way ahead , do n't you ? 
 it could be done . 
 russian rifles are the cheapest , ak47 's still one of the best . 
 for a pistol i would use an american one , there 's a few to choose from . 
 i 'll tell you what , how long are you in spain ? '' 
 `` for a couple of weeks , well twelve days actually . '' 
 `` say a week on wednesday , eleven in the morning walk up the west side of the plaza de los naranjes , it 's in marbella old town . 
 there are public benches . 
 i will be sitting on one of them reading the times . 
 wearing what i am wearing now . 
 bring a copy of the daily express with you , and sit down on the seat next to me . 
 open your paper , and start reading it . 
 i 'll have some answers for you then . 
 things like prices . 
 and i 'll give you one of my mobile numbers . 
 buy yourself a pay-as-you-go mobile phone , and use it to contact me , three months before you need the arms . 
 only contact me once on the number i give you , and chuck the phone away . 
 smash it up first . 
 there are governments doing nothing but listening in to phones , looking for keywords like ` bomb ' , ` drugs ' ` guns ' . 
 when those words are spoken , the recording machines are activated . 
 then live people go through the recordings , picking off telephone numbers . 
 `` one day , there 's a knock at your door , and burly armed men take you away , and torture you until you tell them what you are doing . 
 that is just the british government . 
 other governments can be nastier . '' 
 `` i 'm finding out how bad they can be . 
 i 'll see you a week on wednesday , eleven , on the plaza de los narenjes , then . '' 
 he drained his beer , waited a moment or two , and then got up , stretched , and sauntered away . 
 at no time did he look at biff . 
 although when he crossed the road , he glanced at the buildings and wondered where the watchers were . 
 he could n't see any . 
 maybe biff was play-acting to drive up the price . 
 the following day he spent the morning on the beach at fuengirola swimming and sunning himself . 
 the days passed slowly . 
 bourne spent one of them taking a bus to malaga and looking round the port area . 
 he went down to the cruise ship terminal . 
 there was a ship in , the day he went . 
 as he walked down to the port the ship towered above everything else , included all the terminal buildings . 
 there was an entry bridge from the terminal to a door in the side of the hull . 
 he could see passengers walking to and fro , since the bridge sides were glazed . 
 the only other exit from the ship , was up towards the bows , and a conventional gang plank led into the crew quarters . 
 even as he watched , a forklift approached the gangway and deposited cartons on pallets . 
 interested , he watched the forklift trundle back towards a warehouse with a large sign on the gable end : ship 's chandlers the sign said . 
 so that was how it was done . 
 all biff had to do was intercept a cargo and add extra cartons containing arms . 
 and thought bourne , to get them to our cabins , we need to get a couple of kitchen porters working for us . 
 how much would that cost ? 
 but it would n't matter soon , as the subscriptions had already started flowing in . 
 and every time the wcl organized a riot , or a protest march , the people it attracted would sign up in their hundreds , in fact it had become thousands . 
 the last figures audrey had shown him , they had passed the fifteen thousand mark , three hundred thousand pounds a year , and hardly any expenses . 
 it was like owning a bank . 
 at last the day to meet biff had arrived . 
 bourne travelled by bus again , and this time , since the weather was cooler , walked from the bus station into town , and straight to the plaza , negotiating with a street plan he had bought . 
 he turned into the square . 
 it was another sunny day , with a pleasant breeze . 
 the shadows of the orange trees dappled the pavement , and a few oranges had dropped off the trees , rotting on the ground , giving a citrus scent to the breeze . 
 bourne ambled slowly up the street , his daily express tucked under his arm , glancing at the occupants of the benches as he walked . 
 when he was about halfway along the plaza he began to wonder whether this was a ploy for biff to escape from him and biff had no intention of turning up . 
 then he had wasted days when he could have been searching out alternative sources of arms . 
 it was still barely eleven o’clock and bourne could do a complete circuit of the plaza , which would take about quarter of an hour , and then try again . 
 it would n't arouse suspicion , a youngish man going for a walk , and doing a double lap . 
 but that would n't be necessary . 
 he saw a man in a white cap , sitting on a bench . 
 he was reading the times . 
 he had placed a carrier bag on the seat next to him , so that the place would not be taken . 
 except for bourne , of course . 
 when the older man looked up , saw bourne with the newspaper , he took the bag off the seat , and put it on his lap . 
 to anybody watching , it looked a perfectly natural movement , done as bourne was actually approaching the bench , and turning . 
 that 's if anyone really was watching . 
 watching who ? 
 the old ex-con , or bourne , the new man on the block ? 
 god , he was getting paranoid . 
 bourne sat down , opened his newspaper , and started reading the english news , which sounded trite , when you were not in england . 
 in the past if bourne had been on holiday on the mainland , he had never read the papers or listened to the news , and when he got back , it was as if nothing had happened in the meantime . 
 biff spoke to him , dragging him out of his reverie . 
 `` well done . 
 i began to think you did n't recognize me . 
 down to business . 
 the price of the rifles is one thousand pounds sterling each , the pistol , twelve hundred pounds . 
 then there is getting them into a consignment to get them on board ship . 
 that will be an extra twenty thousand pounds . 
 as to payment , i need half down with the order , the rest a day before delivery , cash , in used notes , naturally . 
 that price is for a week , after that the price will probably alter , so i would have to update you nearer the time , if you place an order . '' 
 bourne had been doing a mental calculation as biff was talking . 
 `` thirty-three thousand two hundred pounds in total . 
 is there any discount for me ? '' 
 it seemed a high price . 
 biff chuckled into his times . 
 `` if you are going to look around , get other prices , i think you will be in a spanish jail within a few days . 
 i can tell you that they are worse than english jails , mate . '' 
 `` does that mean no ? '' 
 `` it certainly does . 
 i do n't want go to jail , and i 'm taking a risk for not much money . 
 you do n't realize , sonny , the price of arms dishonestly acquired . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it does n't bother me . '' 
 `` okay , '' said bourne , `` i had to ask . 
 it 's a deal . 
 i will have to phone you when the date 's set . 
 and then i will have to phone you the day before , to tell you where the rest of the money is . 
 so i need two mobile numbers , and i will use one new mobiles , pay-as-you-go , each time i phone you . '' 
 `` that suits me , mate . 
 thanks for the order . 
 the pistol , i ca n't be sure what it will be , but i will try to get a sig pro . 
 american , the best . '' 
 `` are you going to give me your mobile numbers , or send them ? '' 
 `` i am going now , and i will leave my times on the bench . 
 when i 've gone , wait a few moments , and then pick it up . 
 one number is pencilled on the top of page fourteen , the other on the top of page sixteen . '' 
 with that , he folded his paper , stood up , dropped it on the bench , and without a backward glance he was sauntering down the street . 
 bourne picked up the times , opened it and started reading . 
 after quarter of an hour , he started flicking through the paper , reading items here and there . 
 he noticed the numbers , which were on pages fourteen and sixteen , just has biff had promised . 
 he got up , depositing the express in a nearby litter bin , and looked for a café , where he could grab a snack . 
 when he entered the coffee house , he made straight for the servicios . 
 the toilet was empty . 
 he bolted the door behind him , opened the newspaper , tore off the tops of pages fourteen and sixteen , inserted them into his wallet , and threw the paper in the waste bin under the sink . 
 he had a pee , while he was there . 
 he wandered outside , sat at a table and ordered a snack . 
 he felt quite pleased with himself . 
 outlay on the scheme would be thirty-three plus say ten more to bribe the staff on the ship , and twelve cruise tickets , say another twelve . 
 might get a block-booking price . 
 but they could n't do that really , not if they were going to join the ship separately . 
 anyway that came to fifty-five thousand pounds . 
 not a bad outlay for a return of say , twenty million , or maybe more . 
